Sweden here Diabetic type1,  heartissues,asthma & http://allergies.Free  meds,doc free, for a specialist 300sek.Kids up to 21 Free care
Vivo en España.La sanidad es universal y gratuita,cubre a todo el mundo,inmigrantes sin papeles también.
Live in NZ. Wife had breast cancer. Had full mastectomy, reconstruction + oncology after-care and is doing great. Full public health. $0
If you have a baby in USA do you have to pay for the birth? What happens if you have no insurance?
canadian here: i've personally had four surgeries and although not for life threatening conditions, i wouldn't have the life i do if...1/?
In Australia and had CT and MRI, no waiting, paid by Medicare.  I've always chosen my GPs and most specialists plus RX is affordable 
Many people don't have family Dr, waits are long for specialists and it's the gov'ts single biggest cost.
A friend of mine just yesterday was asking on Facebook if anyone knew of a good cancer clinic in the US...to take his wife to.
Another friend had to take his kid for a specialist...there are only 3 where we live that are driving distance that would even see her. Why?
Because her condition wasn't serious enough. Basically they'd have to wait for it to get worse to get a major hospital to treat her.
Other Canadians will tell you the system is great. I've not had a bad experience, but I've also never had to get an MRI or see a specialist.
Our health system is rationed, less innovative and very costly...the costs are simply hidden.
The system in Ireland isn't perfect, but my teenage son's recent emergency appendectomy didn't bankrupt us. Approx €300 without insurance.
Bernie, I am Canadian, have had a heart attack, have had stents put in, and am about to go for spinal surgery. At no cost to me.
Well other than all the taxes you've paid
Worth it 
Might be, who am i to say
A man's life was saved. American: it might've been worth it, idk lol
GEEZUS! Did I just read that correctly? Not sure if paying higher taxes for Uni Healthcare to save lives is worth it!!! SMDH 
I would counter that no one is rejected care in any ER across America, but you make a fair point
Nah they're just shackled to a crippled standard of living for the rest of their lives in order 2 pay off debt. No1 is rejected in UK either
In Canada I can take my child to the doc/hospital without the fear of bankruptcy. I can sleep at night knowing we are cared for
I'm Canadian. I have birth three times in a hospital and didn't cost me a thing.
I live in the UK, have seen both of my children born in the NHS & had so much brilliant, free treatment I decided to become a doctor!!
There is no such thing as "free" treatment. Someone paid for it, it just wasn't you. You got the benefit; someone else picked up the tab.
Thanks so much for clarifying that for me. Hadnt worked it out, I thought the money just grew on trees
I am from the UK, never worried about costs of visiting doctor (or even dentist as prices capped) Now in AUS and even with insurance worry.
From Germany. Good Doctors are leaving for the USA where they can earn 3-4 times the salary+more freedom how they take care of patients
It's not SP but better than what we've in the US
US with ins. pulling wisd tooth = $800
Korea w/o ins. pulling wisd tooth = $80

Tolerable
My mother has been chronically ill for the past 30 years.  In & out of hospitals, many surgeries, several treatments.Her cost was zero (Cdn)
I live in British Columbia, pay $75 a month for coverage. A recent spell of bad health and multiple Dr visits and perscips cost me under $30
My wife slipped down the stairs. She broke her toe. We drove to the local hospital. We were home within 1 hour. Her toe was reset. No charge
Co-worker had an accident. Stays at home for 4 weeks. Still gets paid. Employer will be recompensated.
Canada. I have a kidney disorder and have landed in the ER multiple times for IVs, blood tests, ECGs etc. Never any bills.
A Canadian cancer survivor. Dad and bro also had cancer. Did not lose house or go bankrupt. Lived in US , graduated UMASS. Thankful Canadian
My daughter was diagnosed with leukemia before she was 2.  We went through almost 3 years of chemo and countless other hoslital treatments.
It cost us nothing and my daughter just recently turned 18.  Thank you God and Canadian healthcare.
Lived in France for 12 years. HC was excellent, dr fees low. For my coverage, i paid taxes & charges at a rate of abt 24%, ...1/
...no deductions bc I didn't earn enough for a higher tax bracket w deductions. 2/
...Supplemental ins was xtra monthly charge. There is no free HC. Taxes will go up. Which is fine...but it's naive to think otherwise 3/fin
As an American living in Sweden I second what Andrew is saying. The capitalists can ruin anything if given the opportunity.
Could it be all the Refugees coming to your country? Most living off social services and increasing your crime? The magic of free for all?
The refugee boogeyman. From a non citizen who has probably never been
I'm from the Netherlands. Had two children in hospital, never saw a bill.
My uncle died at 37yo of a genetic heart problem. My whole family was tested & those of us who have it are monitored. 2 lives saved so far
Also, me, still in Iceland, autoimmune disease. Treatment at $200, medicine for 2 years at less than $200/year. In all less than $600.
Sweden. We have a capped price for medicine as well as hospital visits. So you as a patient won't have to pay a ridiculous amount.
The health care is avalible for everyone and a lot of it is financed by taxes. :)
Canadian healthcare is beautiful!
Moved to states for PhD. First thing I saw was yard sale to raise $$ for kidney transplant. In  that would cost 0.
Germany. Brother was hit by a car at age 3. 42 days in a coma. Multiple surgery. Now he's doing ok. Cost: 0€
Ask someone in Venezuela,  maybe Charlie Gard from the U.K.?
Be sure to get feedback from Charlie Gard's family.
They did not pay a penny.
Leftists: "your baby is dead because we wouldn't allow him to get the treatment he needed but at least it was FREEEEE!"
The courts judged treatment would be against his best interest as it would be futile and possibly painful.
Big government was making a decision only a parent should be allowed to make. Charlie had a chance and was not allowed to have it.
The decision was made by the courts not the government. They judged the treatment hopeless.
Ummmm. The court is the government. How/why do they have power?
I always get help I need, including that of a specialist as req'd, & it costs me not. It strikes me that I & my society r better off 4 it!
Exactly I never understood US argument against universal health care. I lived in the states once & found that people are fed misinformation
I will give you some correct information.  The US developed the tests and meds you get in Canada. It takes money to do that, in most cases.
Except for a few little ones like...
Insulin,
Open Heart Surgery,
Cystic Fibrosis,
Transplant of stem cells,
T-cells in cancer treatment...
... parathyroid hormone (osteoporosis treatment)
surgical Epilepsy treatment,
electrophoresis,
Pacemakers,
Polio vaccine contributions...
...
electric wheelchair,
radiation for cancer,
Rh factor saves many babies lives,
and MANY MORE! 
Canada is a leader in medical research.
Yes. We are. What was Larry talking about again?
My daughter had potential complications from an antibiotic. We spent 9hrs I hospital, X-rays and CT scan, new meds. No charge to us. 
Fake
I'd show you my invoice, but there wasn't one.
Right,  so no proof. Who gives a crap anyway. Sanders is an old fart who could not even get enough support to fart in public. ~C.K.
Wait you want proof that my child was in the hospital? Want parking pass receipt or vending machine lines on cc bill? You think it's lies?

I broke my neck when i was 18 years old.
Operation.
3 days ICU 3 week in the hospital.
1,5 years in an rehabilitation center.…
Longest wait time was when needed surgery to repair a severed nerve on my thumb. Was not life threatening and only 2 weeks zero cost.
Well, in the UK what tends to happen is people look at the US health system and wonder how the USA can consider itself a developed society.
Brings tears to my eyes to read how a basic human right is being cherished and prioritized in all developed countries, except this one
Be sure to provide the length of time youu waited for medical care. :/ @hunter @PolitiBunny  @hunterrdf  @ScotsFyre @tedcruz @marklevinshow
Mom need non-emergency back surgery and only waited 2 weeks. Dad need emergency surgery and was in right away. Both no cost to them.
Both also had extended hospital stays for recovery, over a month each. Also NO COST to them.
NOTHING is for free. N*O*T*H*I*N*G
I'll take higher taxes over a bill for 100s  of thousands which could've easily bankrupted my parents. Both worked hard all their lives.
Any American wishing to pay higher taxes for 'free healthcare', including you Sanders, you are free to head north. :) #LeaveAmericaAlone
What percentage of your pay check is taken as taxes?
Healthcare is a personal accountability issue and should fall on individuals. PERIOD! Your parents aren't my responsibility. #JustSaying
Germany. Me: Depressions, Medics, Therapy. Cost 0,-, my mother: Cancer, surgery, chemo. Cost 0,-
Living in the US: We would both be dead.
I don't mean to "love" your ordeal. Only the part where you all got well nd paid no more than the taxes you paid as a citizen.
Yes. It makes me sleep well to know, my family will always get medical care and we don't have to worry about the costs.
Rich, middle class, poor. We all have access to the same Healthcare. 
no, the rich have access to whatever healthcare they want. You have to settle for what the government gives you
If the rich want to go elsewhere then good on them as they aren't taking up healthcare dollars. Many don't though.
I spent $2000 US for any eye issue in California. 10 minutes total with the Doctor. Cost in Canada $0. For everyone 
Had my baby in Britain stayed 5 days in a private room in recovery. Nobody pushed me off to go or stay.Mindfull and caring NHS staff.no bill
Canadian tax rate is 15%, I pay 36%. If you can lower taxes, then I am all for universal health care. If you raise taxes, then forget it.
140 characters isnt enough to explain how consoling it is to have an NHS. 2 b able to care for my every1 and have it in return is a blessing
Lucky enough to have only needed the #NHS for A&E (ER), but was born in it! As were all friends & family. Can't even imagine having to pay.
Had two children in an NHS hospital. Had 1 C section and 1 instrumental delivery. Paid £0. I love the NHS.
Born in England. Midwife delivered me at home. Came to the states at age of 5. Had problems with swimmers ear. Tonsillitis. IDK cost.
Canada - Two kids one in Neo-Natal care for three weeks and zero cost.
Saw my GP>2nd opinion>oncologist>surgery>a day in recovery, all under 3 weeks. Zero dollars. 
I live in Italy and last year I did a surgery, stayed in the hospital for 3 days for only 20$!!! Incredible!
I live in Canada. Doctors are overworked underpaid. We get free GP visits and hospital visits. We pay for drugs including the life sparing..
How much do you pay in premiums/deductibles?
Unless u count our average tax rate of 35%
We have to pay, fed tax, state tax, plus prems, deductibles. It really cost much more than a 35% tax rate
Yes you do, because #obamacare is awful and you are paying inadvertently for millions who pay nothing. You need a repeal and privatize
It was not really better before Obama care
Nobody ever said that, still need a brand new totally privatized system and keep the poorest of the poor asissted
Have any examples of completely private systems that aren't ripping people off?
Con. Sanders, America is not a socialist country, we like Capitalism. We accept the risks & rewards associated with freedom.
I suspect you haven't had any bootstraps given to you at some point in life. Freedom is only true freedom if one can afford it.
Money doesn't buy you happiness. Our health care is free when we need it. Free prescriptions too.
Being poor or going bankrupt because of excessive medical bills doesn't make one happy either. #singlepayernow
No its absolutely terrible. Hasn't Obamacare changed this situation? Wasn't it impossible/difficult to get insured before?
It's basically the full privatization of health care that pushes up prices. Competition is basically a hoax. 2/2.
I may pay all my life and barely use it. But it will be there when i need it. In the meantime, if thousands r saved by it, then I am proud.
Yes. It sucks. Ppl die waiting for appointments or from extremely incompetent & uncaring care providers.
They're called Veterans Affairs.
Live in UK. Badly broken leg treated with Ilizarov frame & lots of aftercare/weekly physio: No cost. Cost in US is $70,000, surgery only.
Expat in Scotland. Had my son there. Nurse visits postpartum at home.  No bills and they validated my parking.
#usa
Canadian. 13 yrs old in hospital for 28 days. Drs no idea what was wrong. Constant testing. Transported to bigger hospital. No cost 4 m&d.
Tweeting from your beach house there commissar Bernie?
New Zealand, delivered 2 children in hospital, excellent midwife, hospital stay, pre natal visits, post natal visits, all of it was free.
I'm canadian. My dad has been 6 weeks at the hospital for his heart. Cost 0$. If he'd been in the US, he'd be dead... fighting insurances.
Canadian here.  My 21 year old daughter just had knee surgery to repair a torn meniscus.  One week later..she has no more pain. Cost $0
So you've never worked, just let your betters do the heavy lifting while you and yours slept all day
Lol..I have worked for 35 years in a high paying job at a very prestigious company.  I pay lots of tax..I live very well..and I am happy
Then you paid for the surgery "Lots", as you put it.
We're in Poland. Wife had very bad bleeding after giving birth to our daughter, had surgery. Went home 3 days later, both healthy. Paid 0zł.
She worked and had national insurance, but didn't need it - all moms are covered. Then she got a year of maternity leave at 80% salary.
I know a Family who lived in Canada when there Daughter need Emergency surgery they came to NY, or wait 5 months  in Canada.
You would never have to wait for an emergency
Norway here! Nothing is perfect, including our healthcare, but what a privilege to not have to worry about costs! Is there any other way?
All we have to do is open up the Alaskan oil fields and we can pay for this stuff the way Norway does.
Wrong. We don't really use oil money for this. Apart from a few percents, oil revenue goes into our sovereign wealth fund:)
Norway has what, 5-6 million people?  So far we haven't been able to make single payer work even in a small state.
Easy? No. But where there is a will, there is a way:)
Well, I suppose you can do most anything if you tax a high enough percentage of people's wages and can jail those who refuse.
You make it sound so bad, but we love it! It works and I highly recommend it!
Well, we Americans killed a bunch of British a few centuries ago over taxation, so we can be stubborn about these kinds of things.
Holland here. My mother had her hip replaced. Operation + 4 months of therapy. She walks perfectly again. No bill.
Nice for your mother. I, on the other hand, cannot afford to go to the doctor, and I am out of luck if myself, or my son become ill.
Had severe sepsis and double pneumonia while I was still in Canada. 10 days in hospital. Many drugs, scans, tests, X-rays… Cost: $0.
When I moved to the UK, above experience led to diagnosis of a genetic immune deficiency. I regularly see GP and an immunologist. Cost: £0.
Also curious as to what sort of taxes you pay to make something like this possible.
Give this a shot 
Daughter recently in hosp. for a week. Immediately got into er, then icu for three days, on floor for two. Rec'd exceptional care.
Hubs got new hip in Jan., got exceptional care as well. Great nurses, drs and physiotherapists. As good as new again. Not one complaint!
And before some ignoramous comes along...I realize it is not 'free', but I still have my home and no one is pounding on my door for $!
#CharlieGard
I like how you both look past the obvious intended humor behind my tweet and seriously think that article justifies what happend to that boy
You clearly don't understand the underlying principle but that's less than surprising
NHS which is paid via national insurance when  we are in work , not free , but no extra payment when sick. Unless private care is requested
Yes. In Brazil it might takes longer but you have free appointments and universal coverage.
I am Australian, I gave birth 7 months ago in hospital with all the pain relief possible. I cost me $0
Mr Sanders, really, come to Canada and see how universal health care works. Almost all hospital are running massive deficits and cutting job
Well, in my country, The Netherlands numbers show that due to our social healthcare less people actually get use out of it.
An Australian living in U.S.
Aussie system works well, combination of public health plus private insurance.
Here is my experience in Australia!
I had NHS-funded IVF. Totally happy to pay 25% income tax to contribute to the system. Just wish the Tory govt would leave it alone.
My wife had no coverage.I made just enough money to be denied.Couldnt afford the ACA.My wife died.
Live in NZ. 4yrs ago kidney cancer. From diagnosis to surgery to return to work 6 months. Multiple CT scans and specilist appts. All free
Why don't you live in a country with universal health care and tell us all about it.  Or sign up for Obama care and give your feedback.
Wait times.
I don't have a story to tell Bernie but if you go to Europe I'm sure they'll be all kinds of stories in a socialist country
Before moving to the U.S, I lived in the U.K. where my father received amazing cancer treatment including daily home visits from a nurse
I pay more an $1k a month to insure my wife, son and I in NYC where we still pay again whenever we need care: its an international disgrace
In Spain we follow that socialist menace, the NHS; tax sustained universal health care for all from crib to grave!
My wife had breast cancer. Had chemotherapy,mastectomy & radiation.  Great care (one of the world's top cancer hospitals)  Paid by our taxes
My care is provided by this government for free through the VA. You really wanna hear how awesome your free is? Hint: Not very...
 wait lists for specialistS can be quite irritating. But it's covered by OHIP. So meaning not a penny spent.
You sure about that penny?
that United States having due to the tremendous costs of new tech and new expensive drugs.
Universal health care will result in a loss of liberty. Founding Fathers would not be pleased.
Charlie Gard lived in the UK with Universal healthcare
Of course now he's fucking DEAD b/c of it
#GrahamCassidy #ACA #Obamacare #ACARepeal
isn't food,shelter,clothing more important than healthcare so why aren't those free?So free hc means unlimited hc?
Canada: Had my kid via medically needed C-section, stayed in hospital for 5 days after, did not pay a penny & had excellent care.
Sometimes when my kid gets a cold, she is prone to breathing difficulties. Had to stay at hospital over ight multiple times - no cost to us.
My kid broke her elbow last year and needed surgery with follow up appointments - no payment was necessary.
And be sure to include how many of your countrymen die waiting services or come to the US to get treated.
Yes... I have long time friends in Canada.. THEY hate their healthcare system and come across the border for all of their medical needs..
Born in 1964 with tetralogy of fallot. Lived until 12 in&out hospitals with 2 heart surgeries. A lot of cash for travels, no money for cure
ACL reconstruction, months of pre-hap, operation and post-op rehab, and braces/splits, crutches, medication. Cost nothing.
From the UK, lived in both Scotland and England, slightly different systems but both fantastic free treatment!
1. I live in Canada. Took 2 years to properly diagnose kidney stones as source of pain and nausea. Waited 3 years for surgery.
2. Still on wait list 4 surgery after 3 years, finally had to go to ER with severe pain 2 get surgery they said I had 2 wait another year 4
3. Stop scamming people Bernie.
Like the police or the fire service - it's a service.  So then we can be free to live and make choices without fear
Drugs are very affordable in Belgium due to country-wide price negotiations #BelgianHealthcare #PrescriptionDrugs
unfortunately no
I'm Canadian. We have an incredible healthcare system. I couldn't imagine having to pay for doctors visits, surgery, bloodwork etc.!
2. And if you come up to 1200 kronor within a year its free the rest of that year.
I wouldn't be alive if it wasn't for the NHS. Fantastic care by dedicated professionals. My ongoing care keeps me alive, cost £0.
UK, multiple family dead from poor care, dad saved from heart complications and blindness by going private instead of waiting on NHS lists
But at least we didn't pay right?
Oh I also spent 3 weeks in rehabilitation. Come to Oz...
Austria. Had accident as 16y old. 2 months off work, surgeries and 1 year Physio treatment incl taxi travel to and from all paid for.
Universal healthcare is horrible! Can't see a doctor for months, can't ever get into a hospital!! It's the worst!! Avoid it like the plague
You didn't mention where it is that you live?
Provinces pay through taxes..Ontario 13%.Tell me how many States would be willing to raise their taxes to that?Comes with a cost. Not free.
Canadian here!! 5 babies, 4 of them sections, 2 emergency... 0$
Me: survived meningitis aged 6, illness spotted by local GP.  
Had a concern about a bump on my baby girl's nose. Was not concerned about the bill because there wasn't one. In Canada.
Living in Canada! Universal Health Care is the only way to go! $75 a month is so worth it!! We have always received great care.
Yes Venezuela,  Russia, Iran please tell us about your experiences
I am Italian our"universal system" is a little bit disencreasing But any citizen has still a"personal"doctor & medicines forfree
Can I ask want political agenda you are trying to push now? Stop using the UK NHS system for your own political agenda, and educate yourself
..w/ me about not only pharmaceutical remedies, but also mindfulness & exercise to help combat my health issues. Drugs are affordable [pt.3]
Canada, had 3 kids, tubal ligation, throat surgery, hysterectomy, knee replacement, follow ups on all those. No costs. 1
2 Also had a child with kidney transplant at no cost. We pay a 7%  sales tax on restaurants, movies, non essentials.  Never notice
Living in Taiwan. Only have state provided insurance. Hit by a car. 3 hrs surgery, 10 days in hospital, x-rays, blood, meds: 250 USD.
I'm an American in London and had I been living in USA I would NOT be alive. I've had 5 heart incidents.  Without NHS I would've been SOL
My father in  has been paying taxes his whole life. He waited 2.5 yrs in excruciating pain for a hip replacement. Waiting lists.
I live in U.K, I don't use it but many people rely on it to survive, as people have a right to survive does that not make healthcare a right
Health care spending % of GDP
CAN: 10.4
US: 17.8
Life Expectancy
CAN: 82
US:79
Bernie I live in Canada by having universal care we can have medical check ups.  So disease and dangerous conditions can be caught early.
haters keep saying taxes paid for our free health care yes but at least we are still alive and can pay taxes. Tax paid healthcare the best !
3Hospital stays + Radiotherapy for brain tumour. Never had to think of the cost. Amazing NHS. 
http://briantcdoherty.blogspot.co.uk/2013/05/my-nhs-story.html?m=1 …
£6,800 to push a baby out of your foof?! This one was free! 
Single-Payer Would BANKRUPT US. But Insurance Isn't an Answer Either. Fix Healthcare; FIRE the Insurance Cos!
I can't fathom how lawmakers/corporations have convinced the poorest ppl that is is 'un-American' to have universal healthcare. [pt.4]
They never said it's UnAmerican.. poorest Americans receive Medicaid automatically. Our hospitals are non for profit. Bills are written off.
Two kids: 12 months mat leave, unlimited Dr Visits, home visits for six weeks, lactation support, well baby classes, any issues- no bills.
12 month maternity leave?
I'll speak for Laura Hillier who died WAITING for a Hospital Bed in Canada. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3435131/Friends-girl-18-leukemia-sign-casket-loving-messages-final-goodbye-died-waiting-hospital-bed-shortage-Canada.html … #NoGovtHC
I live in the UK, our NHS is under attack from the right-wing. We have universal HC from cradle to grave for a lot less that the USA pays
It's not free in Canada, sorry but that's a myth.
My dad was diagnosed w prostate cancer 5yrs ago. He opted for radiation ~ daily treatment, for 2 months. He's cancer free, didn't pay a cent
Oh and we're in Canada :)
in Canada we don't pay to see the doctor or to go to the ER . We pay for our prescriptions though unless we have coverage through insurance
Hey Bern, can you tell us the story how you own 3 big homes ? Make sure and include your wife's financial dealings. Looking forward to it.
I paid 42% of my self employed income towards taxes and "free"  healthcare. I need to get sick to take advantage or get a new accountant.
In Quebec. Diagnosed with follicular thyroid cancer at 18. Being from the working class, I would have died a long time ago in the US.
I don't like how the DMV handles my car registration. Why would I want gov involved I'm my medical care. No thanks!
Bunch of Finns about to leave their remarks. I love this, Senator, if you're doing what I think you are.
More than happy to contribute to a big pot for public services. NHS isn't perfect but vast improvement on outdated US system.
PL: Everyone pays for it and most of us pay additionally for additional private healthcare. Public? 5+ years of waiting for operations etc.
As Spanish Hematologist this is the only way to treat Blood cancers for all, fairly and efficiently. Long live social security  medicine!!!!
My wife (a born American and T1 Diabetic) and I live in Canada. Her diabetes care is almost 100% covered. Huge load off my mind #CanadaRules
Same in UK. I still do not understand the healthcare philosophy of the USA. Not reflective of her superpower position
NHS doctors have saved the lives of myself and my relatives on multiple occasions. For free. If cost had been a concern, we'd all be dead.
 Hey Bern, I've had 2 major surgeries. I don't mind paying taxes if it means saving a life- my own or someone elses. #universalhealthcare
Here in #Canada it takes 6 months to a year for an MRI.

Dental, mental health, chiropractors aren't covered by #UniversalHealthCoverage
Yes we pay more in taxes but its well worth it.  If we had a referendum in Canada you wouldnt get 5% to vote for what US has vs what we have
Canada. We don't pay a cent for hospital visits, surgeries, doctors' visits, specialists. Meds are subsidized for low income ppl.
How long did it take to get care and follow ups? Was it Day of or within a month or more.
The results are in. We should all move to our northern neighbor.  FREE MEDICAL CARE FOR LIFE. Why are s many of them seeking treatment in US
It works out great. No reason to not deel medical advice or care ever. No huge bills when child was hospitalised or needed dental work.
Wife, U.S. citizen, in car crash in U.K. Seven weeks in St George's Hospital including weeks in traction. Kind "sisters" (nurses). NO CHARGE
You dont care Sanders go away.
I go to my doctor when I'm sick and I don't have to think about it.
My friend cut off his finger while cutting wood. He had to wait hours in line till he could be treated and then it was too late. 
Love this Bernie!
All those that share their experiences should come from places with at least 300 million people else its apples and oranges.
Plus our economy, our salaries, our demographics, our expensive education, our taxes, our regulations, FDA, OSHA, legal system...
650,000 bankruptcy's filed in the US a year because of medical bills.
I'm an immigrant in Germany and I have been treated two times at a University Hospital equivalent of John Hopkins !  
The insurance companies are also a part of the problem in healthcare cost.they do not pay what they should and patients don't either.
UK. Just had our 1st baby. Regular scans on the run up, 18 hours in labour, regular after visits by health workers and injections. Cost £0.
Amazing to see the things covered in other countries; I had 8 vials taken for preventative blood work in US. Not covered by insurance. $1400
I'm a Canadian surgeon. Our system is fantastic for acute/urgent care. Lots of waste with elective care and needs change on that side
There's no such thing as a free lunch and I am tired of paying for others. Ppl should get their own insurance and Govs should stay hell out.
Though many people here have private healthcare providers (Argentina )
Under all is our health.
It's inspiring. Get treated like a person not as a number. First thing they ask you is: How are you? NOT can I see your insurance!
Hey Bernie, If U don't like healthcare in  US take you thieving socialist friends & leave. No wall keeping you in. Don't destroy our freedom
And I'm proud to be a Canadian
where at least my healthcare's free;
And I won't go bankrupt buying
drugs at the pharmacy... #Healthcare
Those systems are not handling the growth in expenses well either.
No cost period. Excellent care. Little or no wait. No stress. Socioeconomic status makes no difference. Treated equally as humans should b

Every time I have any health care needs there is no cost and the medical care is excellent!
Will you be paying for it?
 Wait times and incompetent healthcare killed my father. We pay extremely high taxes and get subpar care.
Will you publish the videos where people tell about loved ones dying on waiting lists? Canada now has longest wait times in history.
I have never been given a bill for healthcare, never. #UniversalHealthCoverage #Canada
Bernie Sanders=Venezuela
My husband had colon cancer, within 2 wks diagnosis, operation & 4 weeks later started chemo. Personal nurse we could ring any time...
Everyone gets sick, rich/poor, smart/not-so-smart, active/inactive, etc. regardless of how you take care of yourself. I  Canada 
Also: you always have the option of private medical insurance. But people often don't need it because of the quality of the NHS' care 
Cured of cancer and then continued to help others as a nurse.
Live in UK my mum had cervical cancer operations aftercare cost £0 3 years ago thank you NHS
remember when they killed that baby in England ..the socialist would not allow the parents to get treatment for the baby..
German, 66 years old, in good condition, but getting problems with my teeth, eyes, ears, feed. Can always ask for help by my health care 
Hitler's T 4 Program was extremely close to ObamaCare. That didn't work out very well. 

#OperationPaperclip #Eugenics
#AmericanGenocide of #ChronicPain patients. #AndrewKolodny wants funnelled into his #addiction clinics. #Greed. #PainKills. #IntractablePain
We've 2 kids, both of whom have been mended repeatedly by the NHS. Also my broken bones. And emergency maternity care. All FOC.
I live in France, got a eye surgery some years ago, just cost to my parents some euros for the TV
In the Netherlands they have switched to for-profit insurers and mental health care is now "managed" (cut).   Longstanding care is gone!
Services subsist in good conditions.

I'm from Finland and I had my upper jaw moved to make sure I wouldn't suffer from severe pains in the future, would never afford it myself
The ones who are subjected to death panels can't be reached for comment for some reason.
Life in southern kurdistan: there is no any health care, whole system is messy and ppl dont trust it unfortunately the
Had 1 babe induced in Canada, ultrasounds 1x per week in 3rd trimester for IUGR & post-birth nurse checkups at home to ensure our health
Daughter born heart issues, repaired free NHS,  be $1 million plus in USA. 24 yrs later heart valve replaced for free,NHS. In USA, $250k min
I remember you telling me this and seeing her lovely face NOW made me happy cry 
All mine, brother's wedding inJuly this year. She's next to my som.
She's beautiful my friend! Healthy now and absolutely BEAUTIFUL 1
Thank youAs my ex-wife says " we did make beautiful children "
You DID! :-)
