Isn't that the same idea that  Obama dismissed almost as soon as it was introduced? I loved him as Pres. but that was a big mistake.
In the short-term, to improve the ACA we should repeal it in all 50 states
Thank you, so much, for that sensible talk!  We've been In dire need of a President who makes sense for ALL people!
Like the presidential candidate Clinton who suggested it last year. But who Sanders excoriated for not trying hard enough and selling out.
Damaging hypocrite. 40 years in govt., Sanders's only just realizing, "who knew healthcare was so complicated?"
It was actually Donald Trump who said that...
They're the same
Yup. They are.
Yes she did. GO HOME BERNIE
Go to one of your THREE HOMES while you're being investigated by the FBI!
Bernie, I stand with you most times, but a single-payer system isn't a solution, its just resorting to price control to cap inflation risk
Hope someone tweets this to Nina Turner and @OurRevolution 

Berners are going to love him adopting Hillary's healthcare plan
#OurRevolution
I would greatly benefit.
That idea is completely nuts and socialism.  Let me remind you that socialism failed in every country that tried it. Your ideas are ruinous
that said, what's your solution?
Get rid of the obstructionists.  Repeal bama insurance completely and write a bill that's real insurance not some socialist diatribe.  Start
Thanks for the reply
So, you're using Clinton's idea then? Good, but you owe her an apology.
Yeah I caught him yesterday using some of HRC's ideas! Personally I really dislike Bernie Sanders!
Wasserman helped rig our own primary. Brazille shared debate questions ahead of time with Hillary....
Idiots follow this tripe.  Lazy fools want someone else to pay. Did you hear people? USA has HUGE debt. Thanks Obama. And you all want more?
You'd rather insurance company ceos keep pocketing $100K a day? I'd rather eliminate that set of middlemen & their $200 Billion Admin costs.
Fantastic and inaccurate claims.
I was wrong. The guy at Humana gets $19,722,400/year. With 250 avg workdays per year,.that's only $78,889.60 a day.
https://aflcio.org/paywatch/HUM 
Oh that's right. The "system" is the issue. Oh and BIG GOVT is the answer? F that fool. Suckle from that dry bosom.
Dude. Seriously. It's the insurance companies sucking money out of actuall HEALTHCARE. They're nothing but overpaid MIDDLEMEN. #getityet?
Allow companies to buy from a myriad of sources and products. Regulation to blame for crazy profits. Thanks Obamacare !!
Oh stop. Padded salaries & middlemen layers we do not need.
#SinglePayer
Good day.
Great idea @SenSanders @BernieSanders even paying in full for Medicare is cheaper than corporate insurance for just under 65 year olds
It was fantastic when Hillary suggested it two years ago too.
So by Bernie Bro logic this means Bernie is a neoliberal corporate Democrat who is a fake progressive and we should primary him, right?
foreign bot?
Nice try
No, the Dem leaders need to be primaried because we have lost over 1,000 elections since 95
And the far left candidates that Bernie has been endorsing have all lost their elections.  So, your point?
From not being backed by the Dems. Both in Kansas and Missouri they could have won....
Montana*
They love Senators who body slam reporters in Montana. Who knew?
Umm ok. How are you going to get the votes?
@SenSchumer already invited GOP for that particular dialogue over 20 days ago. Bernie is co-opting his efforts.
yes, we tried that when we had 60 votes in the senate and STILL couldn't do it, don't pretend it's your idea
In the short-term, to improve the Affordable Care Act, we should have a public option in 50 states and lower the Medicare age to 55.
He never claimed it to be, he just sajd that its something that we should focus on doing.
His focuse should be on NOT pimping his fradulent wife and
leaving us alone. He never had an . HE NAMED FUCKEN POST OFFICES 30+ YEARS!
Sounds familiar
Doesn't it though. Are the Bernie cultists going to also call him a corporate shill for that plan?
Dear @SenSanders: Those are excellent ideas. Here’s 18 more (plus those two): http://acasignups.net/17/06/27/updated-if-i-ran-zoo-20-repairsimprovements-obamacare-20 …
In the short-term, to improve the Affordable Care Act, we should have a public option in 50 states and lower the Medicare age to 55.
Yes, it really is a good idea and it was 2 years ago when HRC suggested it.
It was even better in 1993 when @SenSanders first suggested it. But sure we can say it was Hil's idea.
This is hilarious. Do better.
There was no ACA to mitigate in 1993. Everyone can recognize the bottom line has changed. To suggest HRC is a single payer pioneer is just 
What I'm suggesting is that Bernie wasn't.
"[Sanders] didn’t support the [WH] hc plan but to say he was missing in 1993 from efforts to overhaul hc ignores push for a single-payer..."
Not saying that at all. He wasn't in the lead, far from it.
Compromising as Vox pushes you isn't a good look, Bern.
It's a great start though! Public option makes insurance compete.
We don't need starts. We need finishes.
I need a start.  (Not on ACA, deductibles and copays are far too expensive even if I were.)  Over 28,000,000 need a start.  #ACAsucks
No. They need a finish. The ACA was a start.
ACA was simply a regressive tax for me & many others, not a start. Simple statement and observation of fact, not an argument.
That's because your representatives screwed you.What state do you live in?
Don't get me started on @SenDeanHeller .  If single payer isn't operating by 2018 election, I'll vote for anyone over him.
Hillary said this a long time ago, but you were interested in radicalizing Millennials, rather than building strategy for the nation.
Sanders is a snake. Has never had an original idea in his career in office. Tag along to other people's bills, never drafting one. Thief
By the way, show us 30 years of your full tax returns. Dick Cheney and Richard Nixon were more transparent than you.
That's still outstanding and most haven't just forgot about it @SenSanders
Wasn't this Hillary Clinton's healthcare policy during the presidential campaign? I'm pretty sure it was.
Yes. Hillary's. People told not to listen to her or believe her. Including @RoseAnnDeMoro who said Trump(!) would bring us single payer.
They were too busy dragging her through the mud and pretending she was a sellout.
It BECAME that bc she WAS dragged to the left by Bernie. If on the way TO THE LEFT she had to go through mud then so fucking be it!
Bill Clinton proposed lowering Medicare to 55. He got in office & was attacked for taking on healthcare. History didn't start with Bernie.



Once again, Hillary Clinton told us what needed to be done, not what faint ignorant hearts needed to hear.

I seem to remember Bernie suggesting somebody primary Obama because he hated the ACA. #JustSayin
Bernie & many of us were disappointed & angry w/Obama for caving to Insurance & Big Pharma, giving up single payer & negotiated drug prices.
Stay on parents' insurance to 26. Get on government insurance at 55. I should only have to be a responsible adult for maybe 30% of my life.
We pay for health insurance and taxes, but not getting our money's worth. Stop paying CEO 400x more.
I pay for my health insurance (through my employer). I'm getting my money's worth. I've no control over CEO salaries; seems a nonsequitor.
Why doesn't the government require that any insurance company receiving a license in the U.S. MUST participate in the ACA? =Lots of options.
Licenses are granted at the state level not federal. No jurisdiction. Check it out.
Why could states not make the requirement? Or, change licensing to federal? Everything changing anyway, why not make this change. It'd be +!
Because of the Constitution. Anything Not enumerated in the Constitution to the Feds is left to states. Constitutional Amendment is remedy
It's a really good plan that @HillaryClinton came up with. Not you, Bernie. There you go again, passing the work of others off as your own
Bernie copies everything Democrat have been fighting for tha past 50 YEARS! 3rdParty gets Republican elected! 3rdParty is a scam on u..
You've been in Congress since 91 when debt was $5.25T. Now it's $19.85T. HC expense in US was $3.2T & you want to pay that. WITH WHAT MONEY?
Budget was balanced under CLinton. Bush started illegal Iraq War that was not paid for. Cut military budget. End wars.
I agree on the military actions & budget. Just bc the budget balanced doesn't mean we were out of debt. You still have to find $3.2T more.
not an economist
It's not an original idea and why are you taking credit for it? Where's your taxes for the last 30yrs?
I would be satisfied with the last 8 years. In full.
Hillary was vilified for any and every little thing yet has 30yrs of taxes on the record. He needs to match that since he's so uppity.
Why not give credit where credit is due? This is @HillaryClinton's plan.
Because that would require he not be a sexist who is willing to capitalize selfishly on the ideas of HRC & others.
Are you calling me sexist?
it's not racist or sexist to call a white boy a white boy LMAOOOO
Uhh, okay. Except I'm a democrat and I literally didn't say bro.....
You are late to the party. This was included as part of the ACA but your boy Joe Lieberman killed it. Stop acting like you have new ideas.
When I said stuff like that, I was accused of neoliberal incrementalism.
Lucky you! I was called a crack baby wh*re. 
Wtf?! I'd bet money that person claims he's "woke."
Why don't people listen to you?
Because they've already heard it from Democrats way before Bernie pretended those ideas are his. And It's why Hillary won the popular vote.
Who cares who came up with the idea?
You missed the point
Trolls w/3 followers & 35 tweets often do. Block that idiocy.
Time to ponder why Bots are helping out anders the same way they did Trump.
Yo!
 Can we please not fight with each other? We are on the same side!
Bernie, bad form. Stop the repeal and get #SinglePayer going RIGHT NOW
Stop the $$$ to Insurance Companies & Care for People First...Stand Up for a Single Payer System!
Well, that ain't happening now.
Thanks heaps.
Bernie is so awesome!  The more he complains about rich people - the richer he gets! #genius #jedimindtrick #BankFraudBernie #ShadySanders
What did wife do with millions
So you're going with Hillary's plan? Do the decent thing and acknowledge it.
Hillary said this and you called her a corporate whore. You put #Trump in the White House. That is #YourLegacy
How you going to pay for that, Bernie?
No....act was the worst thing ever....minor fix that made a few more people happy...we need single payer or nothing
How about citing @HillaryClinton as your source for this brilliant "new" idea? Or does it only make sense now that you're saying it?
Any other great ideas for the current situation, where Repubs control everything? You know, ones that have more than no chance at all?
What a novel idea...seems similar to one in 08 and in 93...but can't quite think of who said it 
I do not accept your apology. 30 years of a Trump SCOTUS because of your ego. You manipulated & lied.
You embarrass yourself again... There's a woman in New York who said these things last year 
Happy 4th!!
However long it took for Sanders to come around, great. Not that HE is going to do anything to get us there, enough that he acknowledges.
The majority of Americans did not vote to repeal ACA; the majority voted to improve it. GOP does not have a mandate. Pls remind them!
@SarahKSilverman Medicare at 55? You are crazy . How the heck is paying for that ? Your Top 1 percent billionaire theory again .
@SenSanders  You didnt strongly or frequently endorse Hillary. You had your alterior motives.Trump win is your error. You are responsible.
No we need a full repeal of the ACA period. By the way, how's that federal investigation into your bank fraud going?
This is what @HillaryClinton proposed in her plan, will @OurRevolution kick you out for stealing...I mean copying or using HRCs plan?
Bernie has trouble with original ideas that's why he keeps running for pres as an independant

how's that FBI  thing going
#SinglePayer is the only way!
What a great idea! Let's do it!
Repealing it would be better.
Once again #OldBernie taking the hardwork of others (PBO,HRC) & claiming as his own!! #Nevereversanders #SaveACA #4thofJuly
Santa should remember I've been a good girl for the past 50 years. Still didn't get any presents. How about we focus on what's possible.



No shit Bernie. Thank Hilary while you're at it.
You mean this from Hillary's plan?
Hmmmmm....
In short term we should find out what you and your wife did
I thought supporting anything other than single payer now made you a corporate traitor?  That's what your supporters have been telling us...

This feed is f'cking awesome 
#OnwardTogether
This is precious. 1 says"we don't need those insurance companies anyway "  another "single payer for everyone including dental&prenatal" 
Obamacare is dead
Also, medicare for those under 26. No child should go without healthcare.
Respectfully, Secretary Clinton has been saying this for years. You're finally listening? Be a man. Give her some credit.
Bernie... INCREMENTALISM DOESN'T WORK. Go big or go home. #SinglePayer
wish I could say I was surprised to see you suggest a woman's idea like it's your own, but since I work in tech it happens to me constantly.
Who is to lead us now Bernie?
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats It is not enough to just resist AHCA. You must QUICKLY create a proposed FIX for ACA a take it to the people.
So... HRC's exact plan.
Why cant they just cover everything from disability from war veterans for everyone that dont try hard to fix it but the problem will be in
If they don't deride Bernie as "having no dreams" etc you realize it's proof his cult ran on pure misogyny, right? Nothing woulda been enuf
Don't betray your Revolution its #SinglePayer  for all. Remember!Don't cave in to corporate establishment!
Without medicaid id be dead now. I'm in for a kidney transplant very soon after dialysis and if they cut medicaid I'll die within 2 weeks.
Who pays for this?
That's what Hillary Clinton said.
Now tell your cult to stop screaming about Single Payer
How do you afford all those houses on a government salary?
You really don't know shame at all do you. Refuse to apologise for helping spread lies about her & then claim her policies are yours. Urgghh
SO WHAT HILLARY A DEM  OFFERED IS OK NOW? WOW YOU ARE NOT TO OLD TO LEARN SOMETHING!!
P.S. I don't give a shit whose idea it is, as Nike says, "just do it."
U corrupt knucklehead. ACA is a freedom-hating disaster, full of lies that we couldnt "read" until it was passed. U remembr tht one right?
We should put @janeosanders in charge she did such a bang up job with Burlington college. Leftist to give away yur money.
#PeoplesPartyNow Is what we need if you need protection for you and yours from #ClintonMafia just ask 
Russian bot Blocked.
You are dreaming but insurance companies may actually like this idea!
You old fool stealing Hillary's plan & pawning it off as yours. Shame on you.
Hillary Clinton 1993 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06QZyJY_eec&sns=tw … via @youtube
Um, that was HRC's idea that you stole, Bernie. STOP STEALING PEOPLE'S IDEAS!
This was Hillary's plan before you coopted it without giving her credit. GFY Bernie.
Bernie. Stop deviding the Democratic party.  Join or get the hell out of the way.  Because of your minions, we have Trump.
Actually what HRC said-not your idea- hers
@ninaturner - that was HRC's plan that she was saying through out the campaign.
Divide & Conquer works!

Employers, employing 50mill people, have found a way to "self insure". Yet Govt can't seem to figure it out. They say MUST have ins. co.'s.
It's over #BernieSanders your #PipeDream of a #SocialistGovernment is gone and nobody will ever vote for any democrat again #EveryonesAwake
Omg. I love this!!! 
Just like I loved it when Hillary ran on it in 2008 and 2016 and pushed it in the 90s!!
#HILLARYCARE
Folks, this is why Sanders is nothing but talk, stealing HRC policies as his own shows him as the shyster he is. Leave the stage please
You stole this idea from HRC
Oh Bernie! You hypocritical tart...
Good start
Details! How would that score with the CBO?
Agreed. I've been in healthcare 25yrs., on the Back end of disease. ACCESS, Prevention and holistic primary will save billions. 
We dont get to fight this fight now that Trump is POTUS. This is not a fight that is winnable.
Ser do what you can for me and my daughter  it all I can ask of you and our troups I want to thank you personally for your understanding
Thanks for supporting Hillary's health care platform. It's a little late but I guess we'll take what we can get
That feeling you have when a woman makes a suggestion and everyone ignores it then 10 minutes later a guy makes it and everyone applauds.

Oh, you mean Hillary's idea?


An Emirati social media activist arrested by the authorities on charges of sympathizing with Qatar
#Free_Ghanim #UAE
Yes.  Keep up the fight
having such a hard time remembering where I've heard this idea before......it's a puzzlement......
Obama wanted to lower the age for Medicare to 55. Not your idea.
Ok, sounds great.  How do we pay for this. This is never brought up. Your both lunatics.
He wants a VAT to pay for it. He never saw a tax he didn't love.
We must vote Bernie out for not supporting single payer
Where have I heard of this idea before? Oh, that's right, this was Hillary's healthcare proposal as a path to single payer. #HillaryCare
Trump is trying to save you from liars like Obama  so support him
Politicians not really want to fix Healthcare.  School system is the model. Public option & 55 could be a beginning...
I have the answer for health care join the military. That's that next issue.
Socialism does not work. See Venezuela.
You mean the EXACT plan that was part of @HillaryClinton's campaign platform, was on her campaign site, and she talked about in debates?
I guess it's not just Melania Trump who takes credit for other people's work.
Pls credit Hillary for her idea
80% of Democrats favor Bernie Sanders, the remaining 20% are snarky Twitter addicts.
In the short-term, you need to go! NOW!!! #Fraud @chrislhayes @maddow @CNN Ask BS about his "new" HC plan...he copied & pasted from Hillary!
Dumb idea Bernie, the Medicare fund is already going broke and you want to lower the age to 55. Cal and Vermont tried pub option and failed.
#bankruptAmerica - why Bernie? You do not speak the financial truth to the public- be responsible
age 55 no people do not need to retire at age 32 stop trying to force people in to being lazy scammers like you are
No

I support that. @RepLaMalfa @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris @NancyPelosi
I know many people who would retire if the Medicare age were lowered - which would open up more JOBS for Millennials. Voila.
Who will pay for all of this free stuff, Bernie?
Oh,  now we have Hillary trolls harassing Bernie?
Exactly what Putin wants.  Or maybe these trolls are Russian hackers?
America HAS that: Medicare & Medicaid & fully 1/2 of the ACA was an expansion of it. .@HillaryClinton wanted to expand it further.
Good,it's the law of large number...the more participants the cheaper it gets...
Isn't this the same plan @HillaryClinton was running on? Alt Left just as FOS as the @GOP ! ! Ur EGO put Cheetolini in office!
Yes!
Monica I thought of what you said earlier when I saw that!
Exactly. I think there will need to be a stepping stone to get to single payer and that will be the public option which is an easier sell.
What a great idea! Sounds weirdly familiar...Oh! That was HILLARY'S plan. The one you railed against.
Thanks for finally coming around to Hillary Clinton's policy platform. Will you acknowledge her at all or just try to take credit?
No way Jose!
Short term!!!! His new word salad!  Stumped for #medicareforall but lets fix the #aca #sellout!
#MedicareForAll #HB676
No on age 55 for Medicare

That'd be precisely what @HillaryClinton proposed and you and ur ilk lambasted her for it
 Gfy
Stealing from Hillary, pretending it's your idea. I appreciate you are no longer actively trying to destroy ACA, but too little too late.
so, Hillary's plan?
Why not just pass a law that people aren't allowed to get sick?

Great idea!
Might have it already if your supporters voted for Hillary.
You r a hypocrite why don't you donate one of your mansions to pay for the Syrian refugee s u care so much about
And the money for that would come from . . . where?  Medicare is heavily subsidized. Premiums for 55-65 group would not be cheap.
STILL POVERTY IN TN.WON'T GET YOU MEDICAUD AT ANY AGE
Wait. You mean in a drastically polarized country, you actually have to move incrementally toward progress, not burn it all down?
do you mean legislate against the advice of every non-biased economist and healthcare professional to promote your ideology? Okay!
Was not this Hilary's plan!? You FRAUD !!!
.@SenSanders Glad to see you are using Hillary's idea. Now you and your "more "enthusiastic" supporters should apologize to her. #BernedOut

Where is the money coming from for this? Bernie thinks money falls from trees. It comds out of hardworking American pockets. Nothing is free
Bernie going for the twofer. Not only an extraordinarily bad idea, but also completely divorced from reality. Nicely done.
If my uninsured kid gets a disease from not being tested and gives your insured kid that disease then you what did it accomplish?
THIS was Hillary's plan! YOU THIEF! @HillaryClinton
Also open VA to ALL Vets.
Just stop already. Grilling Christians uhhhh!!!!!!
Wow that's what @HillaryClinton said the whole time while u fought this idea! And now you wanna claim it? Steal her work again? Sit down 
all things considered I supported him because he shed the powers that be like none of the others in the 2016 race.  Peace!
Sure! Cause socialized medicine is working out so well for little #CharlieGard no thanks sir! Take that to 1 of ur 3 mansions and stuff it

That's Hillary's plan, remember? You want revolution or nothing.
Hillary already suggested this and you acted like she was nuts...stop stealing everyone else's ideas and acting like they are yours
Repubs get an Orgasm Thinking of Cutting Resources from the Least fortunate of Us All... Simply, They either don't get it or don't care!
It only took you 30 years to get onboard. Gee, thanks.
state our country and Gov't currently are in. HRC wasn't going to be that voice, no matter what. Bernie nor any candidate is perfect but I
You are just regurgitating Hillary's health plan. One you voted against. We see you
This would be amazing!!! unfortunately, the Republicans still want their insurance company buddies to earn a profit on healthcare..#FightOn
