So why do you support abortion?
People can't afford this garbage healthcare that you jerks stuck on people, you think we are ever going to look at you the same way. NO...
Buddy.....Obama care already passed!  You're tweet is a few years late!  BTW how's the wifey and her bank fraud doing these days!!!!
You already did. It's called OBAMACARE.
socialism kills people
Uncle died in Canada waiting for AAA surgery waiting list 6 months,cousins come to US for all MAJOR health problems.Socialized HC sucks ASS!
Doesn't matter. They get seen straight away and are taken care of and not left for dead.
How they pay..CASH!!
Sounds great but what about the workers that cant afford the high premiums
https://mobile.twitter.com/Julien_Assange/status/893265006745145346/video/1 …

Thank you @SenSanders for fighting #GOPHealtcare legislation that allows thousands of Americans to die. You're on the right side of history!
Retweet if you want to force Congress to stop #Trumpcare now!
The corruption of the #Healthcare industry must be stopped now! It is already bad enough without #SinglePayer. No #GOPHealthcare!
Retweet if you want to stop #Trumpcare!
Nearly half a million veterans stand to lose Medicaid under Senate Trumpcare. A yes vote is a massive betrayal of our nation's troops. /1 
You can retweet all you want, you're not stopping anything 
You did in 2010 when you forced through the Obamacare TAX MANDATE that took our Coverages away and gave us just a FREAKIN TAX
Why did you guys hug McCain and give him a standing ovation? Civility is worthless in the face of ghouls who brutalize the poor.
And though the GOP wants to kill more, Democrats are also responsible for killing tens of thousands with the bullshit ACA.
Amenable deaths from lack of coverage. Over a decade you can expect ~320,000 with the ACA, ~540,000 with the AHCA, and 0 with single payer.
Single payer doesn't mean the NHS (which still has better outcomes for less money). Providers would still be private entities.
It's just cutting out the insurance middlemen and reducing administrative overhead from around 30% to ~2-3% and negotiating drug prices.
Mr Sanders president Trump does not care if 1ks of people died he cares about his golf his children his money and his luxury he is a Hitler
I would go for a psychiatric exam if I were you.
Why is it you liberals can make all kinds of nasty statements about our President but we're the stupid ones??
I remember when it didn't matter what you were you respected the president and their office but you guys pulled rank last time so guess what
I never made nasty remarks like you did about any president no matter who he was. That's the difference between us.
One word: prohibition.
@SenSanders Move to Venezuela with your wife, your wife will escape prosecution for grand theft and we will escape you.

"Doofus"


Why don't you report to #America what you did to #Medicare in October 2015, to make the elderly and disabled pay for the failing #Obamacare?
Bull. You championed Obamacare.
Eh??? 

You already did!! 

Obamacare.

That's the dumbest meme I've ever seen. Get a clue or be quiet.
Ok here is another one and I work with a Venezuelan lady, she's hoping that the US takes down that socialist regim. It's ugly.
Sure we are Bernie; the same way Republicans voted to defund the exchanges, and to gut food stamps. While you divide Dems, GOP runs amok.
Amen. He isn't even a Dem.
What are you doing here?
Did he join the party? Last time I checked, he refused. If he isn't in the Democratic party how is he a Democrat?
What are you doing here?
Waiting for you to tell me what I should think and how I should act. I am sure you know best and are just concerned for my welfare.
You may wish to consider more fulfilling pastimes. You may not.
I am good, thanks for checking.
@realDonaldTrump... this is what beign a true American looks and sounds like.. #repealandreplacetrump #PresidentSanders
GET EM BERNIE
Trump is like the pied piper and the Republicans are the rats.
I know my history very well. I suggest you look up the definition of a pied piper.
Yes, yes you will because you divided the opposition to Trump and made Hillary a target for the alt left. We are reaping what you sowed.
That 10% would have made a difference in states with 10K voters changing EC results and look at the subsequent actions to dismantle.
Congress should have the SAME HEALTHCARE that is going to be Forced on the people they "represent"
Or nobody should have anything forced on them ever. Try #FreeMarket.
America is dead-it died the moment big $$$ came in and bought off politicians who work for THEIR interests&bank accounts& not we the pols.
Don't care which way you lean...this is spot on.
Thanks.It's time we started calling a spade, a spade. Either side of the aisle they are all bought&sold&don't give a damn abt "America"
Agree 100%
Thank you Bernie for being the strongest voice we have. Why aren't you running things? Never mind, I know why. You represent us.
I didn't know Bernie Sanders campaigned in Venezuela.
I think you missed the point.
No, I got his point. Any system can be perverted by corrupt individuals. Bernie Sanders isn't one of them.
That's debatable.
Enlighten us please.
Ummm. Bank fraud is something I would call corrupt and I think the FBI thinks so too.
You did with ACA. Now you own its failure.
To late dip sh**
You already have
. Deflect, Socialist
Awesome! Repeal Roe v. Wade!
Who dies in this country because they don't medical  insurance, Bernie  how many tell us .
Unless your name is Charlie Gard.
Euorpean Health Care coming to a United States near you, courtesy of Liberalism.
You must be getting senile, you already did that when you forced Obamacare through. BTW, who's your wife gonna defraud next?
God I despise Bernie. He's a total commie. They act like healthcare never worked before Obamacare.
Drama & propaganda
Where have you been the last 8 yrs?
...or this one: This is America, not Venezuela. Thank god.
try this one: This is America, we don't enslave people for the benifit of others.

Socialism kills... if that's what you want Bernie then move to Venezuela
Will u plz tweet about u thoughts on that knife the dnc plunged in ur back?
Get a job, make money, pay healthcare. Simple shit uncle Bernie
It passed already , it's called obama care 
And yet...thousands will die with it, without it or no matter what you do.  Unless you are magic.  Did that 3rd home make you a wizard?
Sure Bernie after ALL of you get Obamacare! Zero exemptions for ALL government employees.
What do you call Obamacare?
Then why was OvomitCare passed?  It has allowed people to die.
You already did. It's called Obamacare.
Go fix your Socialist utopia in Venezuela STFU
Your talking about California not passing single payer right?
The poor, the WORKING POOR, have already been thrown under the bus Senator Sanders. Many FULL TIME workers can't afford Healthcare right now
How come people were not dropping off by the millions before Obama care then
Your a liar Bernie
Ah yes socialism...scare everyone sh*tless so they depend on you for everything and think they can't function w/out you.  #workseverytime
Go home to Vermont Bernie - no one with half a brain wants to convert this country to Socialism ie: VENEZUELA! You & Hillary are OBSOLETE!
Venezuelan's living the "socialism dream"! Big Brother in charge-asset control-monetary control-killing of individual's incentives=implosion
Saving all thoses lives, while our family goes bankrupt,which will eventually result in our death....good times.
If you were honest you would acknowledge that it is a pricing problem NOT insurance! Bring down prices with open competition.
Bernie! You did that! Obama"care"
Hell no, not as long as you have hard-working taxpayers to foot the bill
SOCIALISM DESTROYS NATIONS, SOCIETIES & INDIVIDUALS.IT CANNOT STAND UNLESS CONTROLLED BY TYRANNY OF ELITES.BERNIE IS A WANNABE ELITE TYRANT!
If socialized medicine prevents people from dying, what happened to Charlie Gard?
He had a genetic incurable terminal disease
Obamacare already passed Bernie
ACA in effect I can't afford to get sick or the deductible at 5 thousand dollars and have went into more debt in the last 2 years
How come my deductible was 2 thousand dollars in 2010 and could afford to get sick and now ACA is in effect it's 5 thousand dollars
Then how come I was able to get surgery done in 2007 and was in the Hospital for few days without healthcare and didn't Die
I din't Die from the lack of care and always found the care I needed without healthcare from 1996-2010 stop the Lies fear mongering
Obamacare and what it really means privately you pay your employer for insurance for yours for congress's exemption and others 3 times
Shameless pandering to morons..
Your Obamacare has enriched insurance companies written buy in for insurance another 30% increase coming repeal and get out of healthcare


Your destructive democrat plan leads us to single payer socialized medicine, and the end of this Constitutional Republic - Shame on you!
Trump wants a decent, functioning healthcare. If GOP doesn't want that, why dems don't work on it with POTUS? It's all politics, we know it.
You already did.  It's called Obamacare.  That's why your team lost.
Well, if I had to pay for Obamacare I would be dead. So looks like your theory is flawed
You did.  It's called #Obamacare
You POS! You gave us obozocare that is absolutely killing people & now you want govt controlled singlepayer to treat us like baby Charlie!
Government should have no role in health care or health insurance. You have screwed it up for 70 years, with no good to show for it.
You already did it's called Obamacare. It sucks so bad that YOU and your family aren't even on it! #libtardlogic
We are a country with massive DEBT thanks to Obama. Sell one of your houses & donate $ to help bring down deficit.
This is America, the federal government has no place or right to get involved in health care!
Your hyperbole is exhausting.
The only thing u got right was "This is America". The rest of statement is horse hock. Socialism is what kills! No one is denied healthcare
We already did and now we have ObamaCare!
You dems already did. It is called Obamacare. Are you too senile to remember?
You are a joke. My deductible is $7K what's yours Jackwagon?
How's that Socialism working for you Bernie - MOVE TO VENEZUELA if you like it so much.  Or maybe Russia as you seem to luv it there
You are such a hypocrite. You and your 3 homes and bank accounts.  So if you succeed, you're the 1st to donate your wealth for your agenda.
This man should not be allowed to speak. He's not for anything our founding fathers fought for!!! God 1st,Country  & Family
Nothing to see here.
You and your cronies already did, "Obamacare"!
It's called #Obamacare you twit ... you (#Dems) passed it and have caused misery and suffering for years now #shutup and repay your loans
You already did- in fact, you voted for it.
Mr. Sanders, please stop your lying to the American public....quit ignoring the facts.
This is America, we are not going to pass legislation that allows thousands of people to die. @BernieSanders @HouseFloor @SenateFloor
Emmanuel Goldstein is not a hero.
Why did you vote for the ACA then?
You STILL haven't explained why single payer failed in Vermont. Your governor knows. Ask him.
How many of those 22 million actually like Obamacare or want to keep it? 
Majority of those ppl hate it and can't afford to go to Dr anyway!
The Democratic Party took care of throwing people off their health care,It's called Obama Care and THAT'S the Most Dangerous bill In the US
But people need to die for the earth and her natural resources to thrive.
The stench of bodies outside was unbearable before Obamacare. Remember?
Id love to see the statistics of the thousands of people ACA saved

oops you already did. You voted for Obamacare
You mean Obama care, right?
Ur great group of Dems already passed tht death sentence called Oscuma care. Trump needs 2 make ALL have same HC then u'll see how bad it is
What was obamacare then? This is America. American people decide what we want. Not politicians in Washington that see a false reality.
YOU already DID!! OBAMACARE! Now YOU want to go ..even worse With SINGLE PAYER? NO!
I don't TRUST ANYONE in DC for MY HEALTHCARE DECISIONS!

You did already. It's called Obamacare.
Sign up for it then you fraud.
U already did. U watched this unfold for 7 years. Where's ur accountability in this? Did u believe u were sitting on a flawless plan?
Then you should be on Obamacare,  subsidies taken out of course...
Oh, how's that court case going?#BankFraudBernie
Isaiah 5:20
Democrats already did. It's called Obamacare. Your party is the one causing so much pain and suffering for the American people.
Yea. That's why you got NOWHERE NEAR the presidency.
#maga
#infowars
Never Vote Democrat to save your skin and your life
.@DNC you're already the party of death. Kate Steinle, 4 dead in Benghazi, border agent. Healthcare is not a right
You did: #Obamacare
Liar

You did. It's called the ACA.
But you are willing to pass a law hat could possibly let in terrorists that could possibly kill thousands.
No, Bolshevik Bernie, you and you're international socialist useful idiots would prefer passing legislation that KILLS thousands instead.
You alreasy did..its called obamacare
You are a sell out, you put politics before the truth and your own ideology
Fortunately, there arent 22 million Americans on ObamaCare. I would say check your facts but you dont use those anyway.
is that why single payer didn't pass in your state?
#Seriously #BankFraud
How much money do you get from insurance companies and big pharma, to vomit this nonsense
Venezuelan Bernie, sell 1 of your 3 houses or your 250k car, show us...
I still think you are the perfect fit to fix Venezuela, Bern.
#MAGA

Sanders is screaming because Trump is going to demand Congress have Obamacare as their coverage.  Will he die when it implodes?

Ask these mental midgets about the time it takes to get services under their beloved single payer system...  Good luck with that!
You passed Obamacare.  If people die, it's because it's imploding.  Your fault.  Dems lie.  1000s won't die.  You screwed up.
Was there when Tea Party protested Obamacare.  Dems stood on the parapets of Congress with police and guns.  Not impressed with them now.
it's repugnant the double standards of your preaching,U wants us to live as socialist,but you enjoy the fruits of capitalism!Hypocrite!
#ItsNameIsObamaCare
Mr sanders how many people have died under Venezuelan government
You are a sellout, socialist and tool. Whoever passed Obamacare should hv to use it, then go to jail!
You know, we did have the life expectancy drop for the first time in a decade or two last year. UNDER OBAMACARE!!!!
Like Obamacare? The one you already passed? #hypocrite
No Bernie. It's not your job to make sure everyone in America has health care. It's your job to follow the Constitution. You should try it.
"22 million Americans on healthcare"?

Uhhh, only 8 million on Obamacare. Where the Hell did 22 come from?
Too late you not only voted for it, you said MORE! Hypocrite crooks collecting from Special Interests people dying on OBCare!
