The American people want to proceed to health care for all, not see 22 million Americans thrown off the health care they currently have.
@tkdmike Say what you want Bern. Just put yourself on the GOP ticket next time.  You're not with us.  Ok thanks.
Paid by who?
Who manages it?
Now they need to get on with stabilizing the marketplaces.
Or perhaps the Repubs are shying away from passing something similar to the Dem plan that cost so many seats to be lost
I think Congress should tell America what their health care plan entails. n how much it cost. Why R they entitled to special healthcare?
#BankFraudBernie
I won't trust that it's defeated until there's a vote to defeat it. The House version came back from the dead.
@SenMikeLee Thanks to you Bernie will achieve his goal of single payer! @RandPaul @SenMajLdr @SenTedCruz @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @POTUS
He is happy people won't have health care  serious ?  Hey Bernie 
Umm... you're joking, right?
I'm not. He is happy something will fail in his opinion? Why would he wish and want a heath care plan to fail.  Stop with ur ridiculousness
Bernie if you want to join with Democrats it could happen.. If you continue to serve your ego Trump win again. Ball's in your court
He will only serve one man himself
Let's not make a big deal and say they failed because they'll just bring it right back
 
I'm delighted to see the disastrous Republican health care plan won't succeed – a victory for the millions who stood up and fought back.
Can we revamp healthcare costs and insurance companies while we're at it? Root of the problem
And a punch in the gut for millions of tax payers that have to foot the bill for obummer care
We still need single payer
Let's hope it's dead for good. Now let's strengthen the ACA!
Bernie we won't be going to single payer, so what will you do when O care collapses?
WAKE UP BERNIE OBAMACARE IS A COMPLETE DISASTER it's NOT AFFORDABLE and a Single-Payer is MUCH WORSE. The GOP plan is far better.
That will be the greatest news.
phony!!  RT
That is Schadenfreude at it's worst. You  delight in my stress and pain, delight in the target on my back. That is truly revolting.
Have you heard of single payer healthcare? The government should make the effort to promote the general welfare, like the founders intended
Sir, I fully support single payer healthcare.  The cost of just one of the meds that keeps me alive is over $1600 for 30 pills.
It's never over till it's really over. I'd wait till it's truly over. Need single payer asap..!!
It's not over yet. Moderate GOP could kill it once and for all, but haven't done $hit to do it!!
Love you and appreciate your candor.  If ever in Arizona and want a good meal, I'd be honored to treat you and family.  PM me if up for it.
I refuse to retweet anything he says, even the good things. Bernie needs to go where he belongs. To the land of irrelevance. 
While everyone is entitled to their opinion, yours is baseless, irrational, and not thought out. You will need to vote for him in 2020.
Not a snowball's chance in hell will I ever vote for Sanders. #KennedyHarris2020
A vote for sanders is a vote for putin
Well, you lost me on that one....
And what will you tell them when it totally crashes? Wait, let me guess - single payer right? (Aka "socialized medicine). Charlie Guard
Does. It cares for people, even - especially - the poor and vulnerable the best it can. Is it perfect? No. Is it better than the shitstorm
Thank you, Sen Sanders, for taking a few moments to speak with us on the street today! It made our day and was so inspiring! #SitInSaveLives
Pathetic pandering Bernard. Ugh.
If it's such an overwhelming majority why do they need a law to force the people to pay for others
Public education and social security.
In 2011 we paid the fifth most in the world per student and our teacher pay for their own supplies
The fact is most people want these programs to function properly as they benefit society, they don't want to get rid of them.
Not be forced to pay for them no matter how good of an idea it sounds. That is oppression
Thank you for leading this fight Bernie.
No, he didn't!
Yes. Yes he did.
Who do you think did Irene? Hillary? lol

Thank you for this
Health care for ALL!  Healthy people are productive! No one asks to be sick! Canada on your side!
Fox News is flipping out.
Meanwhile. This crap.
Lol
To bad you helped pass the equally disastrous ACA. Do you not want people to have health insurance?
Such a turnoff that you retweet this old fraud. Is that really how you're gonna campaign? A Bernard acolyte?
thats a lie traitor slanders. Your doing everything you can to help putin destroy our country.
Yes 
America owes you a debt of gratitude  Senator for your outstanding fight to keep this bill down. Thank you and God bless you!
Fuck no. I owe Bernard nothing. Nothing.
Bernard, are you on the phone in this picture with your wife's criminal lawyer???
No, all criminal lawyers have been retained by those that need them....the Chumps in the White House, Troll.....
So, ... you're from California
So, you're from Russia?
You mean that place Hillary sold a bunch of uranium to?
You think she had access to so spare uranium laying around? Are you two? That stuff is heavily monitored and guarded-did she sell Pluto too?
I suspect you have zero idea what you are talking about.
I love you, Bernie
EEwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
I love him like my grandpa. CHILL
Gross
Pathetic
It's really bizarre that a nice and innocent comment warrants people being douchebags, but ok. 

omg
You can thank the millions of Americans that protested, called and wrote their Senators.  It had nothing to do with you.
he likes to take advantage of every opportunity it is ME ME mE
Pressure must be maintained on the 2-5 (R) senators who're the lynchpin for  any @SenateMajLdr healthcare demolition. #ProtectOurCare
YES

Yesssss!!!!
Yeah baby
We're not done yet.  Enjoy your houses.
Lol are you referring to theirs our yours.Your arrogance about it failing just reminds us of the POS you voted for and lied to us about.
Poll: Hillary More Unpopular Than Trump http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/342462-poll-clinton-more-unpopular-than-trump … #NeverHillary #NeverKamala #Bernie2020 #StupidQuestionsForAstronauts #Bernie
Congratulations! We all have NOTHING.
Do you have #Obamacare ?? or did you opt out like @BarackObama allowed for Congress & Senate ?????   #hypocrites
Under ACA my family policy incrsd fr 560/mo to 1660/mo for less coverage,higher deduct/co=pay/co-insur.Will pay 30K before can benefit
Amen.  Thank you Mr. Sanders. Please keep plugging for a single payer system. Thank you for your efforts in service of this goal.
The bill failed because it wouldn't get us out of Obamacare. So, if you are so delighted, you aren't a fan of socialized medicine
Let's move toward Medicare for all!!!
Get it straight Bernie. This is insurance we're talking about, NOT actual healthcare. BTW people are getting thrown off their plans NOW!!!!
And now their gunna have O-care implode. Good job!! Hope your happy. 
a small victory and even smaller if no one stops Trump and GOP torpedoing ACA.  Meanwhile GOP still wants to attack Medicare/SS and the Vote
Yes!!!
Millions fought back and millions paid more for others people's insurance, money that could be used for thier financial well being
Thank you so very much Bernie for your generous help, you are a true fighter and a popular leader who leads and inspires people.
like you being investigated for bank fraud by the FBI
And now the federal government can continue spending $ it doesn't have. The ACA is on a fiscally unsustainable trajectory.
Mr. Sanders since this no longer an industrial environment what can be done to enhance the information environment and create a future $
#IAM
@SenSanders How can people utilize the current ACA if they cannot afford the punishing premium, co-pay and deductible? We need opt out!!!
We need #Medicare4All. Everybody covered, no multi-million $ bonuses to insurance CEOs for preventing ppl from using healthcare.
#Resist it's working.  We are winning

ain't over until the fat lady sings but they've lost round 3-they haven't given up completely yet, so take a breather & come back fighting

Fight for your right... or be a rock on the site
We love you and you should be the real president not the Russia Lover. How Mary People Think Trump Should Be In Peached? Make a stand.
I say what I mean and I mean what I say.  However, I'm not perfect. Forgive my errors!
Millions of people that don't work? I'm a teacher and because of your stupid health care plan I cannot afford to ensure my family!
Shitbag Bernie.
Making the middle class pay for everyone else's problems. WE HAVE 11 KIDS, PAY OUR OWN WAY...ALWAYS, WITH HARD WORK! THANKS FOR WANTING MORE
I am delighted too, but we need now responsible people from both parties to work together to improve the ACA and make it a solid platform.
Obstructionist dont want anything but their own terrible plan to succeed
But you ecstatic when disastrous Obamacare came out?
Fight is not over yet.  Need Single payer.
And my understanding that you Bernie is now planning to pay our high $1600/m premiums?

#GoAway
Sorry.  http://Me.not.like.your.senator.at .all. ..tho your stuff is great on the other hand. Peace 
I actually do.
Yup! (Btw my very knowledgeable friend, I see where you are going with this :)))
We still want Universal healthcare Bernie. The Dems won't give it to us either. We need a People's Party now!! #DemExit
No if only we can get rid of Donald Trump
Is someone with a voice going to represent the people and end this nonsense? #sad! #MoneyTalks #jokenojoke #realitynottv
Yay!!!  Let's continue pushing for single-payer (the ONLY solution!) & expose Corp Dem Saboteurs who are strategically pulling the plug.
CAREFULL BERNIE YOU HYPOCRITE WHAT YOU CELEBRATE THE ONE THAT GETS PASSED WORTHY BE MUCH BETTER AFTER THE REPEAL
#WeThePeople deserve Great Healthcare and it doesn't matter your political affiliation it only matters that you're a human being. #GodCare
Enjoy the moment, yes, but do not stop using your voices! For "them", a mere setback. For "us", a battle won. We still must win the war!
Thank you Bernie for standing up for the people! Aloha from Hawaii!
ok
At least your wife will get a cot and three squares a day, along with healthcare in prison...
Unfortunately Bernie the people who voted for Trump needed to have the rug pulled from beneath them to see how pitiful he is.
Now we must win single pair healthcare, Medicare for all. No options no turning back!
Sanders, you are dividing the people who believed in & wanted an improved ACA with full pre-existing, no fines, lower payments. No tax cuts.
Thank you so very very much!!!!
Give healthcare to the states and let them compete. Premiums have tripled under the socialist ACA We're about to spend billions in bailouts
You rock, @SenSanders!
And you will say what to those w/o exchanges & what else when the whole thing crashes & burns?
Thank you Senator Sanders and let's US Not Relax a Bit. The Nativistic, Nationalists will Not Relent. We should Not Too.
Single payer health care is the only next move.
Bernie you sir a bonafide legend. Cheers for standing up for the little man #topbloke #manofthepeople #dontstop #healthcare
Don't believe so Bern. Single pay would kill HC quality for ppl. Rich, like you, would still have quality private care. Many would die!!!!
They are just going repeal it all. You should have worked with them you socialist hack!!
Yes yes yes yes yes yes im@so happy
How is Obamacare working out,stupid
Hows that ponzi scheme investigation going, Sanders?
Don't worry Bernie you get free healthcare in prison
Medicare-for-All!
Fighting back had nothing to do with it. Republicans want something better than what you forced down the nation's throat.
I'm hoping they are pushed against the wall to ask Dems to work with them to fix it
#Healthcare #veterans  #mentalhealth UNKNOWN SOLDIER 
by my late father.
Somebody needs to get rid of his useless ass!
Not a victory yet until we put a stake through McConnell's heart.
Yes Obama Care all the way
Yaaaaaaaayyyyyy
If you would all work together,  this would be a great country,  but you're all out for yourselves and shoot down everything not yours!
Love you. Thank you for staying in for us @SenSanders we need your strength!
The snowflakes wouldn't be able to obstruct President TRUMP anymore. #MAGA
Couldn't they just revive the bill and vote on it at anytime?
Love you!!!
Do you really want all the people on Obama Care to die
too bad millions still suffer under obamacare
Love love
It isn't a victory if @GOP simply vote to repeal the ACA. Y'all need to stop congratulating yourselves and get back to work to protect us.
What you gonna do with Jane in jail?
The president is a lame duck
Yes sir and thank you for you efforts outstanding. 
YOU are the Revolution, Mr Sanders ...
Thank you my real President Sanders. Please stay independent. After the reds are destroyed the blue still needs to clean out the Clintons.
Yes so now the plan is just to vote to repeal without replacing. Not too delightful.
Just let Obamacare crash and burn I guess.
WOOOOO HOOOOO !!!
We also should not give free schooling away like you wanted to that should be something you work for and earn not something handed to you
So nice that you are happy about millions of people are still suffering under Obumercare
You call this a victory? I've had no insurance and forced to pay a penalty for 3 years.
Boohoo
Not so fast Bernie! You know the Dems will turn this into a way to weaken Medicaid and try to call it a victory. Dems are paid to lose!
A victory for you too dear Bernie. You are the only elected official to speak for the people on this issue. You are The People's President.
Let's wait until they do not have a majority before we say it is over
Your negativity is disturbing
You would not think that if you had this same #obamcrap coverage. Whn al the senators& house have sme coverage as evry1 else thn ucan way n.
But will you lead us?????
#3rdparty #draftbernie #nomorecrooks #sorryKamala
And what of those in the death spirals of the individual insurance market?  I guess they don't count?
But they're still trying to repeal it
Formulate amendment to fix Obamacare Medicare for all.   I need nationwide health ins that travels with me
Congratulations Democrats still own the Disaster known as Obamafail #Crash #Burn
While the American people continue to Pay up the nose!  
Dont pat yourself on the back. This is republican dysfunction, nothing more.
He literally credits the millions who protested & contacted their senators to oppose it. You're projecting here.
Not a complete victory.  We hear that 45 wants ACA repealed even with no replacement.  That'll screw even more of us.
Bernie, you know it's bad karma to root against  healthcare reform, with aca failing and leaving 500 billion people a day without coverage.
Where is the success in that? Obamacare is awful and instead of all of you getting together and fixing it, you squabble like little children
#FeelTheBern #Resist #StrongerTogether #ForwardTogether #OnwardTogether #HealthCareForAll #TrumpcareFail #RepealAndReplaceGOP #ImpeachTrump
Let's see how delighted you ll be when open enrollment comes around and there are no plans or premiums no one can afford
The solution is #Medicare4All. Everybody covered, no deductibles, no insurance co. taking their cut (currently a third of healthcare costs).
#SinglePayer
Amen Brother!
POTUS must be leaving teeth marks in his desk right now.
Thank YOU Bernie
You can't succeed when your objective is to destroy.
....now can WE PLEASE work together and fix ACA!
Hippie communist.  Thank for he didn't get in.
It's not over until it's over. The war is still raging...the GOP will regroup and attack Americans on another front to get their tax cut.
You have fed your family off of other people's wages your entire career. How dare you try and say you know what we need or what we shld do.
Senator McConnell's williingness to give out billions to Senators to get repeal bill passed is what citizens are sick&tired of,
#resist love you Bernie! 
#berniebankfraud
Destroy something good & wholesome today, you evil old man.
Cole you need to get a REAL life---u r a fool
I would respect your opinion more if you had the same healthcare that we use!!!
Congress is covered under ACA.
You are very mistaken!!
You own Obamacare Bernie I'm glad the big government plan failed also democrats passed this disastrous Obamacare let them go down with it
This is what you need to do and start NOW!  But what do I know?  I know you woulda beat Trump AND Clinton But Noooo You HAD to Shill for her
Hallelujah! Victory for the people! Thanks again Bernie sanders and Elizabeth Warren
temp. Indisputable that sadistic republicans plotting their next assault on the poor & disadvantaged. Looking for $1trill to hand the rich
Just like @BarackObama did with his healthcare reform? When Obamacare happened my premiums more than doubled, my parents increased 2.5 times
ACA prevents some abuses (e.g. lifetime caps), but we need #Medicare4All to cover everyone w/o gouging from insurance co.
I'm delighted the dnc servers haven't been turned over because it would end your russian fake news, expose all the corruption and then
Bernie, how do you get paid?
Bern, the millions did not beat it! Where did you get that idea? The Repubs could not agree on a bill! If they could've they would've!!
Is adopted a code word for the Trump jr
Thank you for leading the way.
