WRONG. I do not want universal health care. You lie.
Trump's impeachment, of course.
Most Americans want world peace. What are we waiting for?


BRENIE BACKSTABBED HIS SUPPORTERS ..AND THEN SUPPIRTED  HILLIARY....
Most Americans want a pony. What are we waiting for?
No one died from lack of a pony, or were refused cancer treatment
You're missing the point. Wanting or even needing something doesn't just make it appear.
Free healthcare will probably have crazy rules.  like limiting leg x-rays to "left".  We already know they can't efficiently deliver.
Single Payer could B bad 4 your health.  SP/UK lost 2400 people to aids tainted blood.  How does this happen 20yrs after screening?  So many
SAUL ALINSKY TACTICS OF THE COMMUNIST LEFT....LOOSERS!

Finally, I understand why the US is such an exceptional country. Universal Health care works around the world, except in the US. Got it.
You are WRONG. It is a failure.
I need a little more than that if you want to convince me.
For the money trees to arrive?
Bernie wants you to have the same great care that veterans have been getting.  He of course, will have a private plan.
Answer: The GOP.
So suspicious!  Healthcare lobbyist already run congress!  Putting "all" in Gov hands, while lobbyist hold their balls is risky.
Only a socialist like yourself would believe such a lie
BS most Americans don't want government into insurance.
Only the one that have no clue what they will end up with. Insurance should be regulated by the free market, not government.
Waiting for the dumb Democrats to get on board
Not me. I just want the best for the least. What do you mean by universal healthcare? @SenSanders, Did u sign a bill without reading?
We all need heath insurance. Insurance companies only care about their bottom line not your health. Why not use Medicare? It could work.
We're waiting for politicians who are not beholden to those who obscenely profit in our #forprofithealthcare system.
I just dont understand the ISSUE people have with it. UNIVERSAL MEANS UNIVERSAL, literally everyone gets it
Like everyone gets it, no one has to pay for private insurance, everyone just puts a bit in and gets literally ALL the benefits out
Contrary to popular belief... believe me... someone has to pay for it. Mostly the hardworking, disappearing middle class.
everyone gets an extra tax to go towards it (and yes i know, people are taxed i see it on my checks every week) it is being payed for
i would much rather my taxed money go towards public healthcare instead of the already over-funded military
That's your opinion and you are absolutely entitled to it. I wasn't berating you, just pointing out that nothing is"free".
Am I missing something? She never said it was free, she clearly said it was tax funded
Not after poor #CharlieGard !! You are crazy. The gov sucks at everything!
The British Government had no involvement in the Charlie Gard case.
...but they did! Govt set criteria, hospital must follow criteria, Baby Charlie paid the total price! It's same in Canada. Educate yourself.
British Gov did NOT. Judiciary court did.  Charlie died naturally of his illness. Parents couldn't decide so court took over re life support
We're just waiting to see a plan where everyone puts in their fair share to fund it. Making the rich pay for it won't go anywhere
"the rich pay for it"…!?! Sanders' plan DOES propose that "everyone puts in their fair share."
Fair share is highly subjective.  Both sides think the other should pay more
BOTH sides? That's a false dichotomy. There are multiple levels of income —and taxes. Are you in the red line, perchance?
I'm referring to those that contribute more than they take and vise versa.  No one wants to pay for someone who makes poor health choices.
Why not, since it also lowers our OWN rates? Universal healthcare nations pay on average HALF what we pay: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_total_health_expenditure_per_capita …
I think these wacky liberals will cull the population w/unfortunate accident.  Bad serum or contaminated vaccine?  Out from under cost.
Most Americans don't know what their asking for, all they hear is free.  If V.A is an example of single payer, we will die in line.
Go to a VA Hospital, that is what government run healthcare looks like.
Why'd you vote against Universal Healthcare in 1993 then? Also, if Single Payer where the ONLY way to get there, why did it FAIL in Vermont?
No they do not...if they do, tell them to look at the VA. How is that working out? Not so good. It would be 100 x's worse.
DO THEY ALSO WANT TO BE SOCIALIST LIKE VENEZUELA NO HEALTHCARE,FOOD,TOILET PAPER,MEDICINE  MONEY WORTHLESS ?

We are waiting for money from your paycheck.
Well maybe if more of our citizens paid taxes versus being on gov't $ we could fund but whole districts e.g. Maxine Waters don't work
There's change in the air Bern.  Don't you feel it.  I feel a song coming on. A sweet song. Listen.
Waiting for you to leave America and take your socialized medicine back to Europe.
Great idea cause everyone knows the government runs everything soooo efficiently!
Bernie why did Vermont stop single payer health care? Educate us my captain oh captain
Try universal transportation system instead. All need to pay you to get from a to b without burning the oil. Love  from 
This is not good. America as a whole is not ready. Check the German system it's great, compare with the NHS.  Love  from 
Most Americans, what polls are you looking at. If it's the same pollsters that stated Hillary Clinton would win BIG. I would reconsider
No.  We do not.
How about a way to pay for it

maybe a consumer tax
Count me in Bernie
Because they want free stuff and you keep telling them they deserve it you hack
No. We don't. Stop lying.
For you to get a real job Bernie in order to pay for it do like President Trump and don't take a check from the tax payers. you hypocrite!
My vote will be for universal health care always
We're not waiting, Bernie,  Let's all promise our congressman as below.
Bla Bla Bernie Liberal Losing Hypocrite does not SPEAK for this American.
Amen I bet people who think Obama Care gives insurance to everyone doesnt know a married couple the maximum income 2 receive benefits 22100$
$21,100,000,000,000 FYE 2017 national debt (that's trillion since you clearly dont understand math)..maybe waiting on a money fairy?
BERNIE!!!
Yea but why are we paying into insurance companies.
Most Americans do not want universal  healthcare unless we control our borders .
Great-great Gpa Bernie...you, old timer, are irresponsible. Guess that's why ur a democrat or socialist...whatever you are.
. @guardianopinion The only thing standing in the way are the #GOP Greedy Grifters owned by the Greedy Grifter Billionaires.
For you to go back to your hole.
Wrong
@SenSchumer @elizabethforma @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump Dems, take a hint, Bernie is right, medicare for all, no Trumpcare. Stand up!
So you're not content with the current Obamacare disaster? Why do you feel the need to create a bigger problem? Progressive make no sense.
No we don't! What kind of healthcare have? I'm sure not what he wants us to have! Maybe he can use some of that $10,000,000.00 his w
Yes, we do.
Just because you claim it, doesn't mean you are correct.  You have no clue what the majority want!   Just stop it !!!
When you don't have a functioning brain or don't like the facts, just scream FAKE NEWS! Works everytime!
No we don't.
Yea right you dimms and Obama did that didn't you. Guess not working so huh
Please run for President. I'll enjoy watching this delusional old socialist fart bag getting it stuck in his A$$ by the Dems again
That's a lie
Only universal health care is the panacea for increasing access to the health care.
@prashan_55 ugh now I have to give the guardian a second chance 
We are waiting for you to take a nap, you've caused enough riots and unrest with your hate speech, bigotry and racism...
"hate speech, bigotry, and racism"…!?! Quote, please.
Bernie you are disillusion, liar, disgusting, radical liberal dumbacrat
@SenSanders  I guess I'm not most Americans. Government run anything is very slip shod. Free market health-care is best.
In what way is it best? Cost? Outcomes?
I think you are too reluctant to pay taxes, which seem necessary to fund such a health care system...
The GOP cannot come with an universal health care bill that will actually help their wealthy supporters to rape the system for their benefit
I want single-payer, but I don't trust Bernie. Because I understand Marxism too damn well, and Bernie is in every way a Marxist.
Then why has it failed in hard left states like California and Vermont? Oh, right... because it's a horrible idea!
Most Americans want free ice cream; what are we waiting for? Oh yeah, somebody has to pay for it - silly me. #goawaybernie #swamp
One says universal health care, the other free ice cream. Where is the difference? I wish ice cream wasn't that complicated.
Says who? I'm not WAITING in line for surgery. Keep government out of healthcare.
..."we" aren't in charge...nobody ever said it better than the late great George Carlin...
No thanks just more screwed up government.
Remember you can keep your doctor. Lies lies.
None that I know do.
Oh really?! The polls must be fake if you don't like them! Am I right?!
Oh really? Then the polls must be real because you like what they say? They are polls not facts.
Yes , and strong fully funded public schools!!!
Of .....how
We are waiting for a Democratic majority apparently!
Every informed American knows it would collapse America why do you think democrats squeezed out Bernie sanders
Bernie we are waiting the coming election,by now Americans understood they cannot count on republicans to protect them. we need new blood.
We're waiting for a dictatorship of the proletariat to be imposed by the workers of America!!!!!
No,no  they don't it another government scam to hire friends at big salaries and give us a crappie care.We need government out of our lives
I think a lot of employers are afraid because a lot of people put up with shit jobs just so they can see a doctor
true enough...throwing boxes around at UPS part time for next to nothing, but those benefits...
Bernie, we are not waiting on local level. but we ARE waiting for you to push legislation non-stop, create debates, rally Congressional Ds
We're waiting for you to introduce the Single Payer bill, Bernie!
Most Americans want their own private jet. What are we waiting for?
Most Americans want to be a million dollars richer. What are we waiting for?
You're getting reality and fantasy mixed up. 
Single Payer CAN be a reality.
Uh, I wasn't asked! How many others were missed? So much for polls LOL @realDonaldTrump #MAGA 
It appears Bernie is all knowing!
Must be Johnny Carson swammy lol
We are waiting for closed borders justice and getting rid of the 19 million invaders here.
Some @TheDemocrats & @DNC to get some courage to fight for it rather than their donors in the insurance industry. Otherwise, they'll lose.
Spot on!
And the media is funded by big pharma and insurance, so they will be biased as well.
We do?
Yes because the only way to save money on healthcare is to cut out the insurance companies that are driving prices through the roof.
an industry that shouldn't exist
We are waiting for people like you to go away, so we can secure our country from evil socialism.
Ah, the evil socialism that lets people die from treatable illnesses in 2017 because they couldn't afford healthcare.
Go tell that to Venezuela and their trade surpluses.
If you ever touch your social security or the roads you drive on, but are against socialism, then that makes you a hypocrite
Trust me, I won't see my social security. 

Toll roads are best roads.
Toll roads is socialistic as well though
