Senate Republicans’ budget proposes cutting $450 billion from Medicare https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/29/16387518/senate-republicans-budget-cut-medicare?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …
No, no, NO. After 13 yrs without ins due to preexisting condition I finally have Medicare. If he fears NK, just wait for the seniors uproar.
Well I'm glad you can. Now my deductible is 5,000 for crappy health care. But glad you have it I guess.
Sorry, I know the ACA got messed up. Hope they can somehow work this thing out. Will keep contacting Congress to fix healthcare for everyone
Got messed up? It was messed up the day it arrived The day Pelosi said we have to pass it to know what's in the 2000 pages Idiot  Democrats!
It is more expensive now for most ppl than before "if you like your Dr. you can keep your Dr." lie.
Prior to ACA I was classified by the insurance industry as "permanently declined" due to preexisting condition considered cured. I remember.
@yaronbrook explaining on @RubinReport how to make Healthcare affordable for all:
You have to do it!
Stop draining SS and giving it to those who never contributed like illegals and refugees. It's a savings account for people who contribute
Or stop choosing it as the bailout fund... FDR would be crying if he saw what they turned his new deal into.
Hard to keep track of all the lies. It's what he's best at.
Yeah and remember he used to be a Democrat. Probably where you learned it lmaooooo
Greedy trump lies more often than he tells the truth. #RwNJ #nvfr
Occasionally, but probably not on purpose. Remember when t recently said he wasn't lifting the Jones Act to help Puerto Rico because the US shipping companies didn't want him to? He eventually reversed that due to public pressure.
Not a chance, which is further proof that public pressure, that people acting collectively, is powerful and important.

#CampaignFinanceReform would make this debate go more smoothly, too.
Medcade is too costly for government comes under disability job injury's have taken over fake claims everything hurts @SenSanders @SenWarren
Here's a good way to sum up Trump on saving Medicare, Medicaid & Social Security without cuts...

LIAR!
Think Trump cares about anything besides enriching himself & his cronies?

Maybe $450 billion in cuts from Medicare will change your mind.
643,000 people a year go bankrupt in the USA because of medical bills & Trump wants to cut $450 billion from #Medicare!

WTF?!

#TrumpBudget
Great, but do you want to pay 60% of your wages in taxes?
This should be top Priority and must be done!... for all of our country!
45=liar in chief
#CHIP
Are you going to do anything about the CHIP program which expires today? Millions of children are losing their health insurance.
This is not an administration of a Democracy.  This is the court of Louis XVI.
You voted against many programs you now support. Stop acting like you never changed
How quickly he forgets!!
Here we go! GOP ALWAYS wants to cut Medicare, Social Security, & Medicaid to take care of themselves & their donors. NO TAX CUTS for RICH!
Hey Sparky, i am a Sparky too. and i will vote for those who give me more of my own money back.  get it.
@jfdavisspeaks Breaking of these promises to Americans, incl. his promise everyone would have healthcare hurt most vulnerable.
Bernie 2020! #Bernie2020 #Youshoudhavebeenpotus #youaremypotus
Thank god hes not president that commie needs to get the hell out of politics 
Ignorance has no limits! #trumpbot #ImpeachTrumpNow #WhyWeMustImpeachTrumpin7Words
Tell mister sanders read a damn economics book
It's very sad how duped/tricked many were by Trump thinking he would be a "caring Republican" or "different" from Romney
Take Medicaid AWAY from the JUNKIES and return it to the people for whom it was originally intended.  ABLE-BODIED men & women SHOULD NOT be on Medicaid.

Remember when @PutinRF_Eng had agents infiltrate Bernie supporters and #BLM to stoke tensions in ? Then they switched? @CassandraRules 
Thanks
If they continue in this path eventually there will be a revolution they can't stop
It's pretty obvious he did & said w/e he had to do & say in order to get elected. I can't believe people believe(d) him! I'm just like
Mom needs #HyperextensionBrace Orthoist says cost is 1000's of $$. At #Braceability cost is $170.00  Why is #Medicare charged so much?
https://www.facebook.com/TheAmericanFirst/videos/1937857673092713/ …
Y congress don't stop millions of illegal having free medical they don't pay taxes n we tax payers n up picking up d tab,we r going bankrup!
...he's a fucking LIAR !!!
Bernie why the hell werent you this vocal for the last 8 years. Do you think Medicare Medicaid and  Social Security was being saved then BS!
So where is the mony going to come from to keep these programs going in 5 years?    Oh just keep up jacking up taxes.  thanks Socialist fool
This is OUTRAGEOUS. We already have a 3rd-world public healthcare. They just want to make it even worse. A great nation needs great health!
Thirdworld health care hahaha You don't know anything about third-world Health Care if that's what you think you got Stop being so dramatic!
@jfdavisspeaks Do not let Trump escape any condemnation on this - he likes to point fingers at others. Or say that had no idea.
Thank you for fighting so hard for us. I love you.
&#x1F602
&#1F610
&#x1F62A
The only way this will happen is if we get rid of the whole Teump administration.
Easily done too by eliminating tax cut for the wealthy and reducing military spending by 50%
Thank you Bernie Sanders
bernie, baby, you’re doing amazing sweetie.
Bernie can you get a bill for Aide for puerto rico to the floor?
SEND THIS TWTR TO SEN FLR
Tell the truth Bernie.  Your numbers come from 5 years from now and dont take into account the death of baby boomers.  Stop Lying now.
Bernie you should run for 2020
Is there any way that we can cut more?
If one is not educated fully and  doesn't understand all the parameters; then ones arguments are not solid. There are ways that work but the work of our govt is in our way. Less of us know this than not, and that, unfortunately, is why we can't make progress.
compassion especially with the immigrants U.S. SENATOR MR. BERNIE SANDERS
Excellent message save Medicare Medicaid Social Security without Cuts. Thank you so much you are excellent and wonderful Human being
Senator Bernie, do you have any plan to save $ or make any cuts anywhere or is it all spend, spend, spend. How do we stay on that road?
Thank you for looking out for us.
Who knows what The President think about this matter..... prob. Is the FNL thing his pain in the a** right now...? Self made!

Trump lies.
Is there anything he doesn't lie about?
He hitches his wagon to whatever suits his interests at any one time. The bastard can’t be trusted by either side.
Yes Bernie donald john TRUMP IS A GENUINE LIAR AND HIS EXAMPLE HAS TAUGHT OTHER RRPUBLICANS THAT it IS QUITE OK TO LIE TO close the deal.
@SenSanders. What have you ever paid into any of them?
Republicans hate Americans an love stealing our money. Just look at the tax reform bill. They raised the lowest tax rate a cut highest SAD.
Can we still stop them from making these cuts to Medicare?
Save the economy cut the size of government!!
Again, there is trump tweet for everything
@NomikiKonst @voxdotcom Important to remember President Obama proposed cuts to social security and medicare in "Grand Bargain".
Don't run in 2020 #TrumpRussia #SierraBlanca #BernieBrats
I propose we cut their salary!
Will the real slim shady please stand up.. 
Trump represents the wrong values !! PERIOD
We are not some property you can default on !
Anyone who doesn't acknowledge how much of a liar Trump is by NOW is hopelessly cultist.
The only cutting that will take place is the unnecessary fat tthat the Democrats have allowed to increase. We also pay for illegals from it.
Do you know how? Illegals have babies born in the  USA, then they apply for social security benefits with our tax money for those kids.
This is why USA citizens are getting mad, and less apt to be supportive of DREAMER's.
If these DREAMER's act like such model citizens, then why didn't they apply for citizenship years ago?
Our Congress & Senate better listen to their constituents-this is serious stuff
WE the people are calling on all representatives to ACT! We want IMPEACHMENT not excuses! AMERICANS are DYING as a direct result of TRUMP.
@realDonaldTrump is incapable of telling the truth
Donald Trump’s favorite film is #SayAnything
Save Puerto Rico Lost weekend How Trump’s time at his golf club hurt response to Hurricane Maria in devastated Puerto Rico Washington Post
Medicare for all!!!
Ha Ha.. as soon as he sees dollar signs coming his ways, there goes Medicare...
Every time we hear cuts that means raising taxes on lower end

Deceitful.  The Medicare cuts U refer to are for Medicare Expansion.  Expanded 2 cover healthy people of working age.  Not the program!
Obama did cut 750 MM from Medicare and Bernie voted twice for him. AND NEVER HEARD A WORD FROM HIM. Hypocrite
Trump changes his narrative through the years to benefit his own agenda. Taken any side to talk trash against others to benefit himself.
Trump lie? Never!!
What he said to get elected & what he'll do when "dressed in immense power" don't match. The businessman is maximizing profits & dividends.
Oh shut up you sellout! Sold your voter base out for another multi million $$ vac house. Live like you preach hypocrite B Sanders!
I never voted for you but I have no clue why anyone would listen to the coming from your two faced mouth anymore...
So he’s every president prior to election in US History. Thanks for the history lesson Bern....
You saving your wife from prison?   You going with her for abuse of power?
Bernie it's the forbidden trilogy. the gods are watching over it. touching it is a sacrilege, we don't want an insurrection.
How dare you use Trump's own words against him?
Wealthy=Trump big tax cuts= screw seniors.
RT if you AGREE: Resignation isn’t enough. Tom Price owes the U.S. government and taxpayers $1 million dollars. He must pay back every cent.

@voxdotcom i cant believe these receipts
Srsly how u cope? In Australia we’ve Medicare & everyone is covered, u just go to hsptl when you’re sick & they make u better. No q’s asked.
It's all about greed and who the pharmaceutical  and insurance companies can buy in the government. Politicians are corrupted by money. Sad
Bernie. You have the veins, the heart, the morals of a great President! The DNC shafted you and @NancyPelosi and @SenSchumer r waiting for?
Bernie, define "cut".
PERIOD
great way to fix all 3!!!!
Nigga that was old trump
Trump keep your word!
Bernie you know he doesn’t have any idea of what’s going on.
Who remembers that far back anymore?
Bernie we both know everything coming out of his mouth is a LIE
The POTUS has enough problems trying to save America at present. Uphill battle with the Republicans.
Remember?
It's almost as if we can't take Trump at his word or something
Don't forget CHIP.
Trump wakes up each day in a new world with a new set of lies, his values change each day relative to who he is with
It is a chronic condition known as FOS (full of shit)
Umm sure you really want to bring up past quotes here?
I guess DT is a liar, I'm so surprised
And Price is a outstanding individual.
Bernie stay with it don't give up
LIAR as well as Con Man #DonTheCon
"I like big lake houses and I can not lie..." - Bernie Sanders, 2016
Social Security would be fine if the Dems had not stolen those funds. #mymoney.
"If we expanded Medicaid to everybody...we would be spending such an astronomical sum of money...we would bankrupt the nation"Bernie Sanders
That’s a totally uninformed comment. Look around! Countries don’t go bankrupt by regulating pharma and healthcare. People go bankrupt.
His quote, not mine.
Trump said a lot of things that aren't real bright. Prob is now you're saying them.
Trump tweets don't age well.
Nothing new. We all know he’s a pathological liar and that there’s always a past tweet that contradicts The Donald’s current rhetoric.
You do realize that Trump did not elect the senate, right? I'm pretty sure you know that.
AGREE BERNIE
Is this a cut or reduction in growth? Big difference!!  Your empty promises of healthcare that we can't pay for are cruel.
Your speeches sound just like Hitler, fascinating. 
He was a National Socialist & you're a Socialist.
No rational American cares what you think Bernie. You are a socialist! That fact would make Ronald Reagan & JFK both turn in their graves!
Lies, Lying, Liar. That is all DT is. Also greedy, racist, unethical, self absorbed, misogynistic, & of course unfit to be president.
Bernie: you are the one person who can help with the humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico. Please Please Oleas
$450 to build a wall. Wonder where that money is going to come from?
@SenateGOP will learn this is NOT ACCEPTABLE many working poor middle-class children has NO HEALTHCARE #Sad #Sickos #bamboozledAmerica #cnn
Liar in chief
@voxdotcom he's trying to make that a lie !
He lied then. Just like Every time he opens his mouth another lie falls out again.
And Bernie said healthcare for everyone would bankrupt america ... funny how people change their minds as time goes by
Waste of time
@realDonaldTrump is a liar.
Unfortunately catching @POTUS in another lie is now normalcy for our democracy!
Pine-Sol will never back any other candidate. We have an office cutout of you in the corporate office in MS! Buy Pine-Sol online at ********

Why should hard working people have to pay for people who don't want to work
Senator, I know you like to see the best in people, but @realDonaldTrump is a liar. He speaks lies constantly. It is his most defining trait
Saving money for the tax payer.
Right, u Democratic didn't cut, u just double the cost. Brilliant!
Oh no they diiddnn'tt! Get Back,  Jack! #Trump'sTragedy 2.0. The gift that keeps on giving... 
The 2nd greatest Liar and deceiver the world has ever known strikes again, and again, and again...I wouldn't believe a word 45 say, EVER!
Bernie lies. Controlling costs is not cutting programs. It is being responsible about costs. Congress needs to l9ve on a budget. We have to.
Yeah, THAT guy's not coming back. SAD!
YES, YES, NO https://www.zazzle.com/z/ylpxy  via @zazzle
How r we going to get out of debt bernie with all these free handouts? Please tell us the plan for that instead of whining about everything
If you would watch Bernie's interviews and web casts, you would see his plan. I hope you're not a person that thinks the rich need more.
Im a person who believes everyone should earn as much as they can and not be chastised for being successful and be punished for it.
Yes, but when people are exploited with unlivable wages so that others can get rich...well, that's the problem, isn't it!
So what you're saying is you're in favor of socialism?
If you have to exploit people's labor with low pay so that you can be rich, then you shouldn't have a business. #corporateslavery
That's a blanket statement with no facts to back it. Russia has equality for all, NK, china, Venezuela, cuba, how's that working for them?
Then have obuttma pay back the billions he stole from medicare
And they will do anything, no matter how underhanded, to make it happen.
The extreme fascist LEFT in action:
yeah it's called fraud,waste and trimming personnel
I like the idea of expanding them.
Question is Sir....Whats piled into those?  I want them too.  But be responsible.  3.1T revenue. 3.8T expenses. 21T DEBT.  Soulution?
Omgosh 
Its not that hard !!
Lets c no more tax break and stop tax LOOPHOLES no offshore accounts
It is hard because EVERYONE must give!  More tax, a few less Gimmies....  Give that plan, I want to hear it.  20T requires a plan in bigpic!

YES HE SAID THAT BUT HE NEVER SAID MEDICARE FOR ALL STOP TAKING OUT OF CONTEXT
Dump social security and put the same amount into your own pension system, you will earn about 3 times what the government can make for you
CHIP will expire in October 2017 #WAKEUPAMERICA
... The impious system you are part is a lie.
Huh...45 lied...so not surprised.
And one for all
Bernie Is Very Proud Of His Supporters Thanking Him All Over Social Media For Hillary's Loss
Oh please be quiet and go away. There is nothing of value with your words. I am very tired of the leftist culture of this world.
You+your pompous colleagues have been over spending 4 decades with no end in sight! USA has $135Trillion in unfunded liabilities
Congressional Stupidity is the cause of this problem, not President Trump! Anyone always spending more than they make goes broke
