Bernie Sanders you're very aware Republicans could care less about people like Brenda Dare or anyone not in the upper tax bracket
That ridiculous- just stop
No it is not ridiculous it is true
U really believe all republicans dont care?
I know they don't care, my brother worked for a Republican senator the stories he could tell you would chill you
Im not rep or dem, both sides have bad people, make bad decisions& cause  divide. Making 1 blanket statement is divisive & close-minded.
I do too, but if you ever sat down and talked to a republican about health care they always go against lower-income people and unhealthy PPL
No 'they' do not 'always' do that. My 90 yo father is a Rep, he is the most caring, loving & fair person u could have the honor to meet.
Nobody is taking her healthcare away. Be real. Stop the ridiculousness and political PREJUDICE. We are not all D's or R's but all Americans
No they aren't taking healthcare from her. The new plan covers existing conditions and she is going to qualify for coverage as always
Your PREJUDICE against republicans is an example of our big issue. Stop the Political PREJUDICE. We are not all D's or R's but all Americans
Wow, so you believe all republicans are bastards and all democrats are pillars in the community? I hope you can open that closed mind soon.
That we work hard all our lives..pay into these services. We all paid. I sadly became disabled. Not a choice. Their by the grace of God go I
Same. I worked up to 60 hours a week at a job I was so proud to have advanced in. All lost with spinal fusions/RA/AS. Then cancer #Medicaid
Calories are cheap. Good nutrition is expensive. Obesity has become an indicator of poverty in all industrialized nations.
When you can't afford to eat properly, your health declines making it hard to find & maintain employment which only exacerbates the poverty.
Not good enough excuse. It doesn't cost anything to cut back on sugar. In fact saves you money. Buy less. Eat less. That's a great start
Do you know what "sugar" is? Sugar is carbohydrates. Cheap foods that people use to make bigger meals are mostly carbohydrates...
...Grains, grain products, (breads & pastas), rice, starchy veggies (Not just potatoes, but "healthy" fare like broccoli & cauliflower)...
To make it simpler for people, the label would be for things that have no nutritional value like soda, candy, and deserts.
Or iceberg lettuce?
I don't pay taxes
Bernie, when will you understand!!!! Republicans don't give a crap.
We are republicans not socialist.
Republican is a Political Party. Socialism is an understanding of being Human means , of caring for life, just to point out some differences
Definition: political and economic theory of social organization that advocates that the means of production, 1/2
distribution, and exchange .should be owned or regulated by the community as a whole 2/2
Please save the Medicaid
How do you like your free government health insurance
Is this what conservative compassion looks like
DEMS need to stand tall with Bernie.  Otherwise they will lose election after election.
God Bless you. Sending love 
If @HillaryClinton hadn't #StolenThePrimary , We would have  #PresidentSanders !!!But now we are stuck w/Trump , @SenSanders Won Primary
That will not happen.
She can apply when the time comes
They know.  They just don’t care.
Sell one of your houses and send in the check.
#NEVERmypresident #trumpisawhitesupremacist
Thank you.i pray for all of us to be able to rise through this. You are amazing!
We should all care and be grateful to those who provide it.
Characterize the difference in the way these folks were treated at this meeting, with the way they were treated at a US Senate hearing.
I already paid taxes. 
Republicans OHH REPUBLICANS.....
Trump is an employee of the American people and he is doing a terrible job.
Nothing is happening to Medicaid.
Brenda needs medical care, free to the people, which can ONLY come from #MunicipalMedicalDepartments
She's an inspiration ,Bless you Brenda Dare ..
Really doubt she would lose her Medicaid.... stop the scaremongering
Sad story. Im not giving her my money fuck that.
Fool
Democrats should have read the aca before signing it into law.
You all need to either go back to school or read up on your history. Many of you do not have a clue.
We need to educate more on education, exercise and finances to help Americans.
Give me a break. What part of the U.S. DOES NOT HAVE THE MONEY. WE DON'T NEED A HANDOUT. WE NEED JOBS.
Selling federal law based on heartbreaking stories an emotional appeal is the realm of scalawags.
Thank you Brenda for standing up for my son and me!! #PittsburghProud
God bless you Brenda Dare
Brenda obviously is deserving of Medicaid ,but it was never meant for able-bodied folks capable of working but refuse.
Well under government standards she is mandated to lose weight and if she doesn't shouldn't be entitled that is your true healthcare
If you are in favor of Medicare/aid for all, why don't you want the $$ going directly to states who decide their Medicare??!?!??!!?!?!?!!?!?

They don't give a shit.
They know the stories they don't care,it's not them or their family,#GOP agenda is only thing they care about.
@SenSanders - Please, tonight on @CNN - fight for the #ACA and for #Medicaid
He has been and he will. He'll talk rings around em with facts, figures, about a subject he knows extremely well. He's probably even read GC
Just worried any talk of Medicare for all (which I actually agree with) will give undecided GOP a nudge to yes on the Bill. Or use as excuse
Socialist such as yourself should listen to the American people.
Obamacare should have taken care of my daughter who had breast cancer at 31 & her daughter brain tumor at 5 $150000 in bills ty Obamacare
#HelpPR
What Right does @realDonaldTrump have to block American citizens on Twitter?!?!?
Heh, heh, heh. Guess what? The bill is going down, your little grandstand to help GOP destroy the ACA isn't going to work!
Just like when you listened to small businesses claiming the ACA was hurting their business, and you told them to get over it?
get your young healthy supporters off welfare our government could easily give free medical the best in the world.an build a wall 2themoon
Yo Bernie if you believe life is so precious then why do you support abortion? I’m just curious.
They ALL did, give us a break.
@SenToomey won by a very thin margin in 2016, but his actions mimic those that won with huge margins. What leverage do we have?
Way to put words in people mouth that aren't true. It's everything you want or nothing. Clueless Bernie. You are clueless.
3/3 they will have 2 spend state grant $.  Currently, 3 states take lions share of Medicare funds.  37% goes 2 NY, Ca & Mass, unfair 2-47!
2/3 would be up to the state in which U live. Dems don't like this because they have been bleeding Feds to cover illegals.  Under G-C, they
Charlie Gard...nuff said
1/3 Dems lie, to again scare folks like Brenda.  Grahm-Cassidy Bill, guarantees preexisting coverage.  After that, the management of your HC
Bernie, can't your state offer Brenda Medicaid?  Under G-C Bill, states will administer HC to its citizens.  What's the problem with that?
OH YEAH
Like you I'm going to let this one do my thinking for me.
NOT!
SERIOUSLY?

This is the best you've got?
No wonder you lost

PATHETIC
Did she qualify
Despite her anxiety issues she is out there advocating. I hope Republicans listen @SenSanders but I'm afraid they listen more 2 the Kochs.
Single player will put u on a waitlist that u will not be able 2 live through.Ur not lucky enough 4 all of ur visits 2 b covered by that.
There are a lot of stories out there for the Democrats to hear also. Stop being ignorant @SenSanders
Why did you put this up it has nothing to do with your bill, only the dead GOP bill, why not promote what your people put out, or read it
It is not dead yet, and at 9 pm he's debating Cassidy and Graham live on CNN. Not over until the final votes cast
I'm calling and fighting with you!
For every one of her stories there are literally thousands that say otherwise.
#USA supposed to have the HIGHEST STANDARDS of living... comments like yours lowers the bar for all of us!
of COURSE we help our fellow man, but that is a personal private decision, not a Federal, thus taxable one!
The Republican tent can't deposit DIGINITY in THEIR off shore bank accounts!
Hell, they can't find it in their own backyard!
@HuffPost @politico California, New York, and Massachusetts receive 40% of Federal Medicaid support.  Is that moral?
#SouthernStrategy Republicans are poor powerless folks who'd rather loose health care than keep that Nigra's name on it.
Sad but none the less true
Have you seen the bankruptcy rates in "fiscally conservative" states? Give their broke asses TrumpCare.
If that were feasible w/o hurting those people who aren't as stupid as they are I would say ok
Unfortunately their stupidity affects us all
Like you are listening to the 34 million who lost their insurance under Obama care?
Lie or just cherry picking Bern?
Absolutely
It is easier to listen to their donors and blinded narrow sighted beliefs.
Bernie should listen, too! FAKE! #SAVEACA @MarkRuffalo #ADA Americans depend on #2018 care!!!!
Republicans only care about keeping their promises.....to their donors. And their donors don't care about us normies. Pretty simple.
Courageous lady
Lose weight
Trump would just make fun of and ignore her
Oh no, don't give Ur $ 2 Her! Much better 2 give it to the top 1% in tax breaks right? I bet U have never had a disabled friend. I mean Ew!
There are a lot of stories. Hers is sad. So are many others. Why did you vote for ACA if medicaid is so awesome. Make up you mind. Crazy man
I'd hire her! #PeopleNotProfits

You keep putting these sad stories (and they are) BUT, you never put out what this is going to cost, and who is going to pay for it.
Bernie! You are a communist. It was all you liars that said we could keep our plan and our doctors. 20 Trillion in Debt. You pay for it.
I agree! Problem is you haven't listened to the American People for the last eight years! Now you know " What Happened" ! @foxandfriends
How about stories of people paying $1,200 a month for insurance with 10k deductibles. Do you care about that, you old commie?

Strength telling it like it is
Here is a story. it's short. I am 40k in debt because of Obamacare.
Sad, pathetic, SICKENING this is even in danger of being taken away. STOP FUNDING WARS and fund the HEALTH of your people @realDonaldTrump
Obama added millions of people to Medicaid who didn't qualify for the program in the first place.
Obviously she exhibits leadership qualities of great mental acuity forming opinions NOT spoonfed to her
Trump could cure cancer and you guys would roll out the sick wife of a cancer doctor who would lose his job to tell us how terrible he is
One word for yah @SenSanders , Venezuela. 
Even people with get SS or SSI can pay something into medical.
Fix the system don't leech it.
And how long did you work in the government? Lazy
You dumb ass people, we need Single Payer Market Healthcare and we need it now.

Bernie, you're a Socialist.  Is she now under your health plan?  Didn't think so!
and they should have to listen to people like me paying $14,000.00 for health insurance while you Senators get a Cadillac plan for free
Stop lying Bernie. No one is taking her care away.
It's always important to appeal to emotion by trotting out the statistical outliers, that way, discussion of the actual facts can be avoided

Bernie, why did you take $225K from h/c lobbyist? Why do you not address the waste and fraud in gov't?
She looks way older than 3!! How did she survive before obama care?? You spread hate and fear Bernie, like a good lil socialist!
DemocRATS should listen to Americans that can not afford ACA anylonger. you party said was affordable now is Unaffordable. BIG LIE.
Where's the GOP plan that they touted for 7 years? NEVER had a plan. Obstructed ACA & can't provide alternative = LIARS & SCAMMERS
Doesn't discount LIES by the GOP Repeal & Replace was a LIE! NO viable plan to REPLACE ACA with better plan. GOP are liars vote them all OUT
Like you did 8 years ago? one deft ear and the other couldn't hear from? You are just another politician cause you couldn't get a real job.
THE GOP ARE HEARTLESS BASTARDS, THEY WANT THEM AND ALL POOR DEAD.
Senile old man mumbling gibberish
Certainly.  Cut her a personal check and she can live in comfort . You can afford to help out. Sell 1 of your mansions.
No one is cutting,  Medicaid, Fidel
Free healthcare now
I'll just point out: You've never listened to mine, or those whose stories are even worse than mine.
He did listen he introduced Medicare for all
How about those of us that worked,planned,saved then got royally screwed by O-care??? Double/Triple premiums, lost plans/docs??? %REPEAL!!!
 nobody in the Congress is going to take Brenda's Medicaid. You're such a ridiculous man. In Russia she would have been "deleted" already.
Tears are streaming down my face as I listen to  Brenda's story. Don't let the heartless @GOP take away healthcare!!!
the middle class that pays 4 it. But we can't afford it. Ask sanders if he has this shit HC!! He doesn't . Should tell u something
Health Care is a right, not a business.
I listened to you calling it horrible some years ago....
Completely out of context
God bless Brenda Dare & other heroes like her! Keep fighting for health care for all. Shame to Trump & his GOP enablers! #realdonaldtrump
If you really feel that ANYONE would not fight for those like Brenda to have proper care you are truly a person with no integrity. Shameful!
 #PEOPLEnotPROFITS
Just think how much energy this system is eating each day. Let’s eliminate the energy lost and let’s focus on the people together like one
But Bernie...you know damn well as I do that they simply DO NOT CARE about us.  #ItShouldHaveBeenYou #Bernie2020
The investigation for fraud regardng your wife, how's that going? Tell me some more about your integrity. Like how you didn't know.
are you n wifey on Obamacare?  You know you're one of those that commis  dislike...Millionaire
Call me hateful.. but i dont want to pay for Brenda....i have my own priorities....
Or, hear me out, eugenics.
Medicaid? We the people, get Medicaid $ taken out of our paychecks automatically by force! Do we get to use that $ we pay in 4 health care?
Well that's sucks but it is not my responsibility to pay for that
stop pretending that people who support these cuts don't know they're killing people. They don't care and feel removed enough to ok the kill
Thank you @SenSanders
#it's obvious to most Republicans don't even speak to their own constituency.
Who is her insurnace carrier? That's right in her state all the carriers left exchange
What did she do for health care prior to Obama Care?
What a shame that an old half witted politician would scare people like that and claim they will be losing  medicaid. Pure political bs
We're talking about people who buy their own health insurance. Stop twisting things
You should listen to the VA members dying waiting on care. Or the people who died because of ACA
You got my vote
Many who receive Medicaid benefits should NOT be receiving Medicaid benefits. Like ILLEGAL ALIENS IN OUR EMERGENCY ROOMS! Cuts are 4 them!!!
And under every proposal, Medicaid spending continues to balloon unsustainably as far as the eye can see. What r u talking about?
Democrats, especially socialist types, should listen to the scores of ppl who don't want to force others to pay for them. That's dignity.
Actually your HC is funded by taxpayers.
Talk facts. She would still have Medicaid as she is disabled.
FICA taxes should be lowered for people who earn less!
If you want to suck the milk from the government tit then you'll have to pay your share for FICA !
beautiful.
@GOP healthcare attitude. I'm not sick. Should I pay for someone else? Well, my house isn't on fire. Should I pay for the fire dept?
She will not be cut off. Raed the bill
I work for an organizations that helps people like her and the ACA has not helped. The requirement to provide insurance is a huge cost.
A big part of the problem lies with the way that insurance corporations work in the US. That plus the unwillingness to up the taxes.
The other issue is that we rely on medicaid we can’t increase prices like a normal companys. We just keep getting squeezed but no one cares.
That is true. It would require a lot of work to rework the system, but a lot of people (and companies) aren't ready/willing to change that.
The funny thing is that no thought of this is the beginning.  So people we should be helping we are now hurting.
Sadly that is how things go before changes are made :/ Granted that people actually start to care... I hope things get better for you guys!
Thanks I’m just hoping our elected officials start listening because they are too wrapped up in partisanship at this point.
I would have voted for Sanders
They should get an education on History that many have not had the opportunity to attain equally , education or wealth too pass on
YOU ARE BEYOND CONTEMPT - RETIRE AND STOP SPOUTING YOUR LUNACY. I can cite many more examples of those that are suffering due to ACA.
THEY DON'T CARE!!
Compassion is beautiful, but...
Socialism is unsustainable 
They don't want to hear from patients, they only want to hear from their donors
