“All we need is one more,” @SenPatRoberts says

Senate GOP tries one last time to repeal Obamacare

…
The should change the name of their party to "The Death Squad", worse than Hitler.
She'll outsmart him.
Learn from other countries, Canada, England but not the uneducated Obamacare. I thought you guy finished law school ? Lol
Sale tax 15%, 7 to states 8 to healthcare, so everyone pay for healthcare, Obamacare is slavery for middle class daytime robbery
Good
planned parenthood is a terrorist organization that murders 300,000+ babies a year
Republicans knows very well they destroying the country hunger for war now and b4 with George B. Always saying fake news
Do you want that every american citizen suffer or only The no americans?
As long as the old GOP tards have to use same hc. They will hit limits and die off faster
@DraftBernie @politico @SenPatRoberts so...Republicans want government out of healthcare:
•no more VA, WIC, Medicaid/care, NIH
.@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr are vile soulless creatures. @IndivisibleTeam @OurRevolution @ResistanceParty @womensmarch they MUST BE REMOVED
BERN... Do you and your FAMILY have any PERSONAL EXPERIENCE using the OBAMACARE EXCHANGES PLEASE ADVISE
Republicans want Americans work for rich people for free. They brought very dangerous person to White House . They don't care about us
@politico @SenPatRoberts what happens to all the sick people? Do we just suffer and die,besides get killed by the KKK police?

Perhaps a big push from Senator Sanders to get the American public that cushy little healthcare plan they wrapped up for themselves
But $700 billion in military yearly....is it just me.....
@SenPatRoberts, hey go for it and if you succeed, know it'll be the last time you win an election and the last time you'll get to kill. 
They're paid to make the American people lives better not to try to murder them so the Coke brothers can save money cuz money the motivator
Oh sure because you saying in 87 that Medicaid For All would bankrupt the nation was not a lie whatsoever now was it?
@DraftBernie @politico @SenPatRoberts 

Republicans want government out of Healthcare

so they're willing to end their own plans
It won't happen this is just a ploy to hold onto the loyalist GOP voters while getting to the inevitable single payer system. #ItsAllPolitic
Trump can't possibly win the GOP primary.
Ok,but no way he's getting elected president.
You can't pull me into the game of déplorables. Racism is an ugly contagious virus, but there is a cure.
Learn English
Every major nation on earth has some form of universal health care for its citizens, but "exceptional" America can't figure it out. 
I support universal healthcare for all. I believe the biggest hurdle to overcome is not administering it; it's keeping special interests out
(nod) Unfortunately, the systemic corruption, those that cause it and benefit from it, have very deep pockets.
I'm anonymous because of whom I work for, a huge healthcare entity that attempts to get its emp's to sign pro policies benefitting them
Sad that a great many Americans, most of them, obviously, right-wingers, simply do not give a damn about other people at all. And really
They're so into money they willfully close their eyes to the harm they unleash upon others, washing it away on Sunday
(nod) Many so called Christians, say they love Jesus, on Sunday they pay their tithe and feel they're good people, then, Monday thru
Saturday, they do everything they can to show that their reverence for Jesus is shallow and fake.
Please enroll in Econ 101 you can afford it.
You mean like the economics that day that a #SinglePayer plan would save the country money?
Meanwhile in reality
1 look at my VA Care
2 would bankrupt the country
3 would end advancements in medical technology
1 The VA is underfunded and has too many patients because we keep starting stupid wars.
You're naive if you believe government run healthcare would be better than what they provide at the VA.
Ummmm the VA is government healthcare, paid for by the taxpayers.
They hate middle America and love the rich.
Yes Democrats and Socialists do.
Great response Cheryl! The equivalent of "I know you are but what am I?" 
You had equivocate in order to respond. I didn't. Because I know who I am.
That doesn't make sense Cheryl. 
We should defund Planned Parenthood.
Delete your account if you are pro-abortion.
How dare they attempt to fulfill their campaign promises!
Bad healthcare policy massive cuts higher premiums,block grant funds disappear 2026. Medicaid capped, eliminate pre existing conditions etc
@viserov
Obamacare was and is a financial disaster! Time to get rid of it!
How proud all these GOP Senators must be.They played a part in making life worse for millions of Americans,but They Got Theirs.( healthcare)
GOP IS DETERMINED TO REPEAL ACA. They have no regard for the people that will have no way to afford INSURANCE. FIX THE ACA!
why is it so difficult for #GOP #Republicans to treat everyone like human beings? #SaveACA #learnfromhistory
Bernie!!!! Corporate media is hurting you!! PLEASE let Jordan interview you, you're followers will share it worldwide!!!!!
once again dems are forcing millions of Americans to purchase insurance they don't want
ISN'T THAT WHAT YOUR "SINGLE PAYER WILL DO TO ME. YOU WANT TO TAKE MY INSURANCE FROM ME. ARE YOU AND AND YOUR CRONIES GOING TO GIVE UP YOURS





If you don't pay your electric bill it gets cut off. Just like insurance. Pay to play.
Does the new plan include coverage for people with pre-existing conditions? Will people with cancer, like my husband, lose their insurance?
Cas Obama care was " so good"
Yes Crazy Bernie, U LOST. YOUR IDEAS AND U REJECTED BY THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!!  #freedom and less tyranny are what we voted for Not socialism
Sounds dreamy!!!
McConnell&Ryan-you deserve2live withNO HEALTHCARE-you can't go to the dr,get needed meds,you can't afford to get sick-you need to live this
McConnell&Ryan want to put the American ppl-at least the ones of the working class without a boatload of$$ in an early grave-theyDON'Tcare
What is wrong with Republicans?are they all just f n greedy?Have they not heard "do unto others as you would have others do unto you"?
Obama care has failed ..you just don't get do you ?

It's not republicans...its us American that want it that way !!
I like the last two points BUT cover prexisting &make portable. LOWER PREMIUMS & DEDUCTABLE BY 90% & REPEAL OBAMACARE OR LOSE YOUR JOBS
That all sounds great to me!
Those senators got their payouts, they don't care about reelection or constituents. They'll have big $ jobs waiting for them anyway
Guess we should change the way the government works for us then...
I think most Americans are open to suggestions.
I hope so, but it's gonna be hard for the government to change itself...need to elect the right people first!
OMGoodness, the Inquisitor @AlixWiltonRegan  liked my tweet?! You have made my day ma'am!
It's all they got. Their only job: Deliver more 2 the have-mores.
How many people could have had free healthcare for the cost of all the Obamacare repeal attempts?
The American people want health care. And they've made this known. The GOP is following the path of destruction.
Planned Murderhood.  Not even a damn mammogram machine in the entire business. Spends more money on politics than actual parenthood
look at those crazy eyes. he should be afraid, his job is over . take away health care and hand the senate and house to the dems real soon!!
We need to find a way to break through the propaganda and help people not voting against their interests. 1% shouldn't control 99%!
It's difficult to digest that a portion of the people we trust our laws/health to just don't give one f$+@ about the folks they serve!!!!
If this doesn't directly effect them, they don't need to have a say. It effects me and my friends. They only have insurance jc of the aca
Good. You do know that's why you lost? You do know you lost don't you?
I have heard this same song 40 + times. The entire GOP racists want to go after the Black President, with McConnell leading the way.
Is there some inherent psychological flaw in Republicans?
Thought you said Medicaide expansion would bankrupt America. Socialism has corrupted your brain
Socialism saved your true God...capitalism.
Thank you for keeping this issue in the forefront and not allowing us to be distracted by tired, stupid tweets.
Both parties once again decided to feed the fucking military-industrial complex with a ridiculous $700 billion bill.
You're pretty silent about about your colleagues voting to exceed the huge requested increase by twice the amount needed to end world hunger
You're treating defunding Planned Parenthood like a bad thing.
I bet if you gave up 2 of your 3 houses, you probably could provide some healthcare for a few people.  Change starts w/you Senator!
Elections are coming Republicans! You cannot hurt so many millions w/o it costing you something , despite your gerrymandering efforts in US!
So you're pro-choice?

Dear Bernie: You know @PPFA opposes #singlepayer, right? Fuck 'em. #DemExit #DemExitNow #DemExitForever @GreenPartyUS

I WANT TO SEE ALL POLITICIANS ON THE SAME HEALTH INSURANCE AS ALL AMERICANS!!  Then let's see what gets done! DO UR JOBS!!!
