I’m co-sponsoring @SenSanders' #MedicareForAll bill. Health care should be a right for all, not a privilege just for the healthy & wealthy.
And thank you @SenSanders for wanting to make bankruptcy imminent!
Actually, Bernie's system costs only 67% of the current system and has better coverage.
If you assume the government can implement things efficiently and that the way it was assesed was fair then maybe.
I don't assume, I just look at how every other modern nation is doing with their "way too commie for US" healthcare.
Finally you are not entitled to someone elses labor no matter what you think only you are responsible for you.
If that guy is paid by my tax dollars to do that job, I absolutely am entitled to get his service.
Also you're not entitled to the labor of the police no matter what you think only you are responsible for you.
Police are a legit role of gov that is outlined in the constitution, healthcare is not. That being said I am responsible for my own saftey
Socialist. At your age you should know better. I think you probably do.
*Democratic Socialist
Why should he know better? Because he looked at Sweden and Denmark where there's a healthcare crisis? Oh wait...
Sweden is the size of Atlanta.
The thing about this whole system is that it scales really well.
Maybe. You are a smart dude, but I do not agree. Socialism is awesome until you run out of other people's money. It has just never worked.
That's why we want a social Democracy and not socialism.
Socialism ≠ Social Democracy ≠ National socialism
It's all the same. Government is in control. That is never good.
Tell me that again after you watched a replay of 1920's/1930's. Tip: the first half was free market, the second was government control.
Makes it easier to know who not to vote for. Whoever signs onto this might as well flush their career down the crapper
...? Because co-sponsoring an economically great hugely popular bill kills a career? think again.
Yeah...Europe/Ven are doing great...Econ not your strong suit?
Actually not that bad, we're doing great. Venezuela is not a good point as they are communists and not a social democracy
Uhhh no. No you aren'. You are doing better. But you damn near hit rock bottom...nowhere to go but up...
Are in America right now? If you look up, you'll see a tiny white point above you. that's a star the size of the sun called Rock bottom.
That's how hard you hit rock bottom. You're several light years under it.
My heart felt thanks go out to Bernie, Jeff, & all the rest of the senators that are working on making Medicare For All a potential reality.
Not gonna happen Bernie!!
Oh yes it is. Insurance companies are on their way out of denying and killing people 4 selfish & dirty profit. God help bernie do good 4 us
Will bankrupt the country. Economics is not a socialist strong point.
It is. And Bernie's system costs only ~67% of the current system while offering better coverage. Economically a no-brainer
Medicare denies claims at a higher rate than any private insurance company.
That's bs.


Thank you Senator Sanders for leading the charge on behalf of the American people.... always on the right side.

https://youtu.be/S8HVGmXfEDg 
I love Mexico's video to trump.
Are you including yourself and spouse in the "plan"? 
People are on the plan only if they don't have enough money for something better.  It's not a punishment.
Keep fighting for us Senator Sanders! And don't be discouraged by the establishment. They lack real backbone. We need you
The two of you are delusional! Time to wake up from your socialist dream!
Why would anyone hesitate to support this. Single payer health care is an inevitability. America last to have.
Bc we can't pay for it. And other countries can't either. That is also inevitable
US can't pay for a replacement of a healthcare system even though the new system would be cheaper? I don't think that's how it works
Name one instance where it's proven to be cheaper...
Central systems work more efficient. Ever looked at Denmark?
So you compare a country with 5.7 million people to one with 320 million??? Seems legit.
That system scales really well. Population is not important if it scales well.
M
It won't work look at Canada and the U.K
Way to go bernie
Keep it up kids.! Your message is ensuring another Republican win in 2018 and 2020.

Cowardly response. Hillary is the reason Trump is POTUS dipshit!
Shut it fascist!
They're young, let 'em grow up!
, why don't you move to Denmark?  We don't want socialized medicine.  Free market solutions.
I don't want Medicare, please exclude me from this bill.
Hey Bernie how the investigation coming along with your wife for fraud. NICE and we can trust you? I don't think so. Did you help her??
It's all fake (that's actually the truth. It's all fake.)
What's the plan? How're you going to get HMO's and insurance companies to buy into this?
Let's see... If not now, then 2021. No way Republicans get a second term.
My health insurance premiums rising 30% this upcoming year. Hey Bernie, don't give us anymore rights. Can't afford it..
You realize this bill gets rid of premiums right?
Thank you! Cancer treatments are not a choice! Living in a flood zone is a choice.

Thank you Senator Sanders and Senator Merkley from the Oregon Coast!  Love you both.
Another Socialist Scam Bankrupt entitlement while you soak money from Taxpayers with your Golden Healthcare Plan.
So I take it 20 trillion dollars of debt isn't too bad?! Why are you trying to destroy this country?!!!
You get that done, I'll save my money to give to your campaign & give my time volunteering.
@SenJeffMerkley Do you know health care and health insurance are different things?
We already have a Medicare system for all of our citizens. I do not want to include illegals who have not paid into the system.
@SenSanders Please don't forget about your war as last resort stance.
I feel like I'm getting ready to be Berned!
Another healthcare bill that Congress will exempt themselves from?  No thanks.  Of you don't want it, neither do we.
We love u bernie run Bernie run!
Big mouth Sanders HC for all must incl Congress members, No FREE SPECIAL HC for Congress.
All Congress on same HC as citizens and they pay for it ! Stop Congress Free ride on HC !
It's fantasy not reality morons
"Dreams do come true." I won't break the chain.
Hey Bernie if I were you I would worry less about your Medicare plans and worry more about your greedy wife going to jail!
Sometimes am i asking why u r not thé presidente
It's about time I am all for it   It's the only way to get everyone insured and keep the cost reasonable
Meanwhile crickets from Oregon's other senator @RonWyden on #MedicareForAll probably just a coincidence Blue Cross is his biggest donor. 
Don't run in 2020
Medicare for all is not free. Its 80% of coverage.  $1000.=$200. $1M=$200,000
berney  and colonial sanders have one thing in common they both are chicken eaters lol
Nonsense. Health care can't be a right without an amendment and you know that isn't possible.
Medicare for only U.S. citizens.
Medicare for all!
I hope @SenJeffMerkley is cautious about that relationship. Bernie is toxic to the party. I dont want that to reflect on Merkley
This is what you'll get w/ Socialized medicine:
@lsarsour @SenJeffMerkley when I have to PAY for the right of another it's not really a right
@lsarsour @SenJeffMerkley man cannot give rights. We are given rights by our CREATOR you don't get to do that
HC not a right. TotalitarianSocialistGov't control = rationing, scarcity of doctors, unsustainablity&long wait time. http://www.wnd.com/2017/06/health-care-a-right-its-not-ama-endowed/ …
"Try me." - #MALCOLMX .... How many people even know Malcolm coined that???
#MalcolmX
#MalcolmX THE TRUTH LOOK UP WHAT HE SAYS ABOUT MEN LIKE BERN
EVERYONE HE'S PART OF THE SCHEME
Your concept of "rights" is less mature than my 6 yr old's. Calling something a right is meaningless. It'll buy you some votes, though.
#MALCOLMX
MALCOM X
Why we hate you
The best thing is, there is no argument. As soon as anybody who reads this looks up malcolm x, they MIGHT understand
#Merkley2020
They wont teach you about Malcolm in school BECAUSE OF HIM AND HILLARY AND BILLY
EVERYBODY LOOK UP MALCOM X, HE WOULD KILL BERNIE.
Im not gonna stop man come on MALCOLM X
I ain't sayin my race cuz one i do everyone will say "oh fuck he knows a lot about this" but @SenSanders I dare you too
@billmaher come on son, time you get a lickin boy
@billmaher I dare you to allow a personal conversation between us. I dare you. #real
YOU ALL NEED TO READ UP ON MALCOM X. SERIOUSLY. BERN IS A LIE AND A JOKE AND YOU NEED TO OPEN YOUR EYES. ASK #MalcolmX
Communism?
Then, you're a Socialist too? Free market capitalism works so mo bettah.
Not everyone wants your socialist garbage.
Can't wait to get substandard healthcare
Another dummy joining the batch, oh well! That doesn't surprise me one iota, they're democrats.
Communist
TALK IS CHEAP I'LL BELIEVE YOUR B.S
WHEN & IF EVER IT COMES TO FRUITATION! PS: IF DJT OR CROOKED GOP HAVE ANYTHING 2 DO W  IT, FORGET IT
My question to Bernie, are you going to take the same insurance? You say it's for all !!!!!
all good and well/but you people need to get a handle on 
Insurance comp/pharmaceutical comp./they are part of the problem! Money ,money
<cough> @clairecmc </cough>
SHUT UP AND GO AWAY BERNIE
Yes, let's trust the very same people who "ruined healthcare for all" in 2009/2010
Thank you @SenJeffMerkley for joining us in the fight to make Medicare for all a reality. https://twitter.com/SenJeffMerkley/status/907302848261709825 …
can't wait for the cbo sore! How much will taxes increase? Can't wait!
Bernie what health care program will you use?
Medicare is nearly $50 trillion in debt, there [are] still all sorts of problems with the VA system, stop your craziness, old man
I have heard the average family will pay $24,000 tax increase a year in additional taxes to fund this plan. Non partisan study
Hey Bernie, do you take the Obama deduction as a small business like the rest of the "small business" senate? Go away.

Does that include congress?  The leaches who live by separate laws and want taxpayers to pay for them! Trump take their exemption away!
@SenSanders I am a formerly incarcerated person. Will Medicare for all cover inmates for full medical care?
Get a job and buy insurance like everyone else! You want free medical go back to prison!
Didn't AHA accomplish this already? Obama said AHA gave everyone access. You mean it doesn't? I'm shocked
GO TO CUBA
I have no hopes in the @GOP doing anything for us, but thank you for trying and remembering us.
Now, let's get @SenJohnMcCain to sign on. Legacy legislation for the greatest country on Earth. Make America Healthy Again.
You and that socialist Bernie are plain and simple the dumbest politicians on earth! We don't want that medicare crap!!!! Wake up!
Nothing like Medicare for a retired crack dealer!
you mean like senators and congressmen.
Yep, hope it's almost as successful and economical as the VA. That's been just a stellar bureaucracy for our veterans.  2 words: Train Wreck
Maybe model it off the Venezuela program.
Would love to see this happen, but will there be efforts to repeal the Hyde Amendment?
 so lucky to have a public figure as you @SenSanders You are a steadfast visionary. We are all blessed for your service. Thank you
Bernie is a whole lot of BS!
Good one!
Thanks @SenSanders for furthering the cause to protect the ACA and the coverage of 90% of Americans like HRC has for 30 years! 10% to go!
Now that's a crock! Like Hillary, a crock of crap!
RI should stay out of it with barely 1 million ppl. 1/3 of 1% of US population.  Imus for 20 years would always say RI most corrupt state.

Best i remenber Mr Sanders i paid into medicare why the hell should it be for everybody. I think your going seinile, gone seinile
Canada loves you Bernie
Bernie you are an idiot!
No thank you.
I won't contribute to that.
Sooo, how is your beloved Venezuela doing these days?
@OrrinHatch  @SenatorLee_cmc   Where are you on this?
u will never become president. so can u pls go away? pls?
I think quality food should be a right as well, and not a privilege.  Please sponsor a food stamps for all bill as well.
It wont work it doesn't work it will never work. Why is anyone listening to the accused bank fraud criminal?
Thanks Bernie for all you do
Thanks for giving up your seat in congress
Will not work
As long as you pay for it Bernie with your millions and multiple houses go for it. As for me I don't want socialized medicine
Linda who robs texas victims keeps sending trolls
Make medicare required for congress, alike for all us minions, you elitist do nothings.
How could we pass this now?
Your medical insurance executive will take from patient/doctor and give to themselves and shareholders without taking any part in your care.
"company store" aka big government.
I look at the us and think they are idiots for all the things that happen there. But then I look at berne and I get happy
what a surprise another dem entitlement run by the government. Soon all Amer ppl will be working for the
Go get 'em Bernie.
What's the plan after you bankrupt the government? It's not a coincidence that all of your policies have failed.
I have almost 40 yrs in/around Hcare Mgmt. The LAST thing America needs is #MedicareForAll
Stop spreading false hope.
I have a family of 5 docs.  We need SP.
What specialties, size of practice and are they willing to accept a civil service contract & state wages?
Neurologists and internists.  Yes.
Why aren't you on Obumacare?
and you wanted to lead us? Why didn't you tell us about this?
M*slim Refugees are seeking refuge in Christian Countries. Ask yourself, WHY aren't they seeking refuge in M*SLIM Countries!

…
Won't work. Government should stay out of healthcare. Big gov causes more problems than fixes them. You keep on getting more senile
Pls send evidence that Medicare/Medicaid improved health. Thanks.
It's a great idea for universal healthcare,it's viable and replenishes itself.It's the only really smart wayto go.TheGOPjust wants ataxbreak
I'm not wealthy and have health insurance. It's called responsibility.
I think clean water should be a right, stop paying your water bill and see what happens and it's based on how much you use
Good. Get enough to have a bipartisan endorsement and get a bill@sent to the president for signature. In short - do your job
You can dream about healthcare for all, cars for all, houses for all. Declare them all a right, it won't materialize them. So moronic!!
Senators Sanders/ Harris/Merkley should lead the way by rejecting the special congress insurance plan and switch to Medicare.
It will fall flat if you try to cover your liberal agenda nonsense. It should be about covering absolute medical necessities to citizens.
Who issues our currency?  Why do u think we have a national currency at all?  And, why do u think we have private banks?
Just got 4 sensors for t1d continuous glucose monitor - 4 weeks' worth.  If hadn't already hit OOP maximum, it would cost $867.03! Not right
What tax scheme r u planning u commie.
Go away Bernie
Let's do this!
Great, lets take 12% of your money every paycheck to cover the indigent and very poor. #liberalsAreNuts
Why should i pay for those who dont take care of their health . Obesity is a big problem in USA ?
Will there be exclusions such as smoking
Hey World  need management. If you believe that dreams come to life please help me achieve my goals. #blessed
I assume your voters & followers hope you live long enough to see America become a full socialist country. It may happen. Horrible future.
Why? Socialists always make it sound like government paid for health care costs nothing - BIG LIE.  Tax payers pay for it.
It's bullshit anybody has to fight for healthcare.Greatest nation on earth my A$$
People with money pissed those less fortunate get anything
You never say who is going to pay for it. Who's going to pay for it Bernie? Most Americans are not in favor of tax funded giveaways
That's it destroy healthcare for everyone except the elite.
@realDonaldTrump if you want to repeal and replace the ACA, here's your chance. Problem is POTUS doesn't want to improve it, just scrap it.
When will @HillaryClinton get on board?
Don't force your socialist utopia on me Sanders.
Would be nice if Episcopal, Roman Catholic, Methodist bishops would endorse and publish opinion pieces.
@SenJeffMerkley is a man of integrity who stood by @SenSanders and the middle class when all senators jumped ship for the establishment
No way do not won't it. Tell the truth about socialized medicine.
Hell no!!! Insurance and government out of healthcare Now!
Watch these videos & share them to help people get an idea how what Trump did & is currently doing to help Russia. 
Understand #TrumpRussia in under ~ 3 min. Must watch and please share 
@MartinHeinrich & @SenatorTomUdall are missing in action! #NM
Bernie is fighting to save your social security & Medicare?  What is Hillary doing for you?
Thank you senator sanders for looking out for us.. 
We're trillions in debt and you want to add to that through single payer health care? 
When people go to the hospital and can't pay their bill WHO'S TAX $ END UP covering H/C. Every tax payer, so cover all & be done with it!!
It's not a right Bernie
Yes, it is.  Don't you want affordable health care?
I've got it.... I pay for it. That's the point.
Sirs, Thank you for your bill and commitment to the people of the US.
Socialist are ALWAYS telling you what they're going to give you, never what they are going to TAKE.
Promising all things to everyone
You keep telling yourself that!
Remember. Socialism is always for the people, not the socialist. You'll get there.
Fix the root. Nationalize energy and resources. Get the rapacious capitalists and military out of the WH and Congress.
As long as the bill doesn't still lie about math of transitioning 8-15% of our national payroll. Cc @SenKamalaHarris @SenWarren @CoryBooker
Math matters and Obama's transition to universal was smart with a public (automatic) option.. to transition us there. Bernie's math wasn't.
I agree with you, but changes need to be made. Dental should not be excluded, and only covered through the more expensive advantage plans.
Vision too. I have neither with straight Medicare and need both.
Our seniors deserve better!!!!!
And those on disability without the means to afford supplemental plans. Thank you! 
at this system not even top 20 HC systems #MAGA #Healthcare https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPA5wVNbsuY&sns=em … https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGqiNplU2m4&sns=em … @TuckerCarlson @HC globally
Annual income in India $3500, Spain $22,000. Three month wait in Spain just to see Dr. Rural India,  ZERO doctors. #liberalsAreNuts
And that's y I said #1healthcare is France https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPA5wVNbsuY&sns=em …  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGqiNplU2m4&sns=em …
In France break a hip  New Years Day, 87.3% would get THR in May, 18 week wait, and getting longer. Add all the taxes ~45% #AmericaSTILL#1
morbidity mortality is where #healthcare #34 last I checked. 1/4M die that we know die from medicine error&hosp ACQUIRED infection
