Please form the progressive party in 2020, we must destroy what's crippling this country, conservatism.
Must be looking for more free cell phones or debit cards for beer and strip clubs. Just keep up the riots it looks good for the republicans
Free cell phones debit cards for beer? Wtf are you talking about? Nothing makes the GOP look good. TRUMP is the death of the party
You make him look good.  Thank you
No his son makes him look good ;) good and ready for impeachment!! dr dip shit
Just a nothing burger.  The dems waste so much time and and payer money on nothing. I would be embarrassed by the clowns in that party
more than a nothing burger. its a fat russian burger.sit back and enjoy. You will most definitely be embarrassed by your blind support SAD
Lol you clowns lost the election.  Support the new president and you will see why the dems are so lost in their ways.
Provide cheaper options by creating competition in the marketplace?
introduce universal healthcare free at point of used paid through taxation?
"Free"
Competition got us into this mess. Just let the gov handle it so no one has to worry. That easy.
Wrong. Govt overregulation got us into this mess. Its beyond me how you became trusting of govt at all. History proves you shouldn't.
FACT: they have our best interests at heart
Govt never has the individual interest at heart. Not now or in the abstract. You do know how many people communism killed in USSR, right?
sure corporations trying to squeeze every penny out of consumers' pockets have the individuals' interests at heart.
What's democrats answer? Get mad at bernie!
Bernie would have won
Bulllllllshit. Hillary supporters would not have votes for him
dead votes dont count anyway lol
Are you guys ignorant or just stubborn?You better go d another candidate or we will be in this mess in 2020 again. Bernie cannot win. Sorry
Seems legit
Sarcasm.
Gimme a break
37th in healthcare isn't as bad as people make it out to be.
Stop spending my money.
Single payer failed in Vermont. Why, Bernie? All you do is talk.
- think we should?
How much do you pay for health care Bernie? You should be on Obama care like everyone else.
He should but he's not. None of the government is!
Well that proves the plan sucks.  They don't what the shit they are putting out there
But it's good enough for you and me!
What the hell are they thinking? Let's let the gov pay, so everyone can be fat and lazy and not work! Great plan Bernie Your wife's idea?
where do we check these figures?
It's the same math that was used by the VA gov who said 93 million people die a day from guns. 
I have 3 jobs, no benefits. I depend on ACA for health insurance, thus health care. Real people will lose health care w/o ACA.
Not true. You will have more choices. The numbers you hear are people that will choose to not buy insurance. Research!
My mother pays 400 dollars a paycheck to that loserbill obama and it cant even cover her cancer tests
how do you throw 22m off health care when only 10m have obama care
#RepublicansAreIdiots
When are the Democrats going to take responsibility for destroying Insurance Market? Bernie you guys screwed it up. It is your screw up
Obama care isn't health care. People get that free at any hospital. It's a pay off to the insurance company donors, Foundation backpackers
25 mil are uninsured b/c politicians allow insurance companies charge exorbitant premiums, Nobody can afford it. Obamacare is NOT a solution
HELP US BERNIE!!!!!!
And treason.
#TREASON !!!! 

Yes that's exactly right the country will be soon be free of liberals and Democrats they're the ones that caused the Civil War look it up
They don't have an answer at all. They just don't have enough desire to serve people to work with dems to fix ACA
All American Citizens should have free basic health care.
adopted in 1948. Still not applied in far too many countries, including the so called super-power.
Single payer insurance
What fricken health insurance?  The partisan aca is a piece of crap!
Bernie, stop exaggerating. Obamacare is finished. Nothing will be worse then that.
Too much corporate greed for things to work well

Wtf
You mean for you to keep making Americans broke and unable to pay bills why you own three houses on taxpayers paycheck to you. Hypocrite
I wonder: why are we putting so much effort to cure people instead of preventing them from being sick? Stop junk food, heart diseases drops!
ACA
they didnt have any either under Obama, give him a minute
Correct. So, what's the Democrats answer?
Only about 11M are on now.
Can trump ask the Russians to pay for the border wall
Have meeting with the young trump maybe he can ask for Russian to cover the cost.
The people who support your views must be the stupidest people on Earth... you're a piece of work. #PhonySocialist #LiberalHack
How about the millions that are paying for others with  their deductibles and premiums so high they are broke with non usable insurance?
Son more without health insurance under Romney/Obamacare.  73 million on medicaid. That's sad. 25% live in poverty after 8 Years.
What if the goal was higher standard of living over the next 500 years rather than number of insured Americans at this point in time?
Is this your higher standard of living?
Haha. For some reason I didn't think you could see that tweet. I should make a different account for politics
Haha no need to hide your views. I'm sure @SenSanders is in full ketosis #FeelTheBern
Whats your answer? Stop tweeting and get to work on something productive
A one issue person.  Broken record
.@RepAndyBiggsAZ wants to throw Arizona off insurance too. #AZ05
Bernie, what's your answer on healthcare? Triple peoples premiums, only have one choice in the state, and bankrupt the country.
They didn't have it under Obamacare less than 10,000,000 was on Obamacare wake up Bernie don't spread false statements to look good.  Fraud
Yep. Republicans and Conservatives only care about themselves. They have no love and compassion for anyone else. It's sad.
How come 28 million Americans still don't have health care. I thought the great Obama care plan was supposed to fix that?
I thought Obama Care would take care of that problem. Guess it's up to the Republicans to take care of that problem!
Since when are #socialists concerned about the #government killing people? Keep on #virtuesignalling!!! :P #irony #facts #History
.....We don't want YOUR Education,we don't want Your Thought Control,No dark sarcasm in The Classroom ! 
Burnie ! Leave Them Kids alone
By the way, if you are so worried, how about you kick in some of your cash, sell your fancy cars
LET THEM WORK AND PAY FOR THEIR OWN, THIS ISN'T A SOCIALIST COUNTRY, NOT THE HARD WORKING PUBLIC'S JOB TO PAY 2X'S FOR SOCIAL HEALTHCARE...
That there plan Sir, 2 as many possible so healthcare cats  Live larger than life (fat cats) on a bigger scale why ppl die!!!
You're a socialist you should be deported
so your answer sucked but now you have the solution??? just shut up hypocrite
Yep that ACA is sure looking better now isn't it
28 million from democrats 50 million from rebublicans.To obtain health care for all need a revolutionary third party!!!!!
I guess they just wanted to make it an even 50 million
We're they covered under Obamacare? Looks like it is imploding to me !
When I was a kid, 6 years old in Ky.The Dr. arrived riding his mule. We paid him with a live chicken. Everyone was happy. Except the chicken
Single payer NOW.
Hey Bernie, how is it possible a man your age has never had a real job? You're a con and a smear merchant; fuq all the way off.
Some BRANDS can sell their product to ALL consumers including the financially challenged. OBAMACARE has bad product defects CONSUMER FAIL.
This is a country where some spend 125.00 on sports shoes, 20.00 per day fast food and 75 dollor per month for cell phones... NOT HEALTHCARE
You had a chance to fix it and did nothing.
Then sell one of your 3 houses Bernie and pay for someone's healthcare. You can afford it since ur wife stole money from that college
So @BernieSanders who do you think is paying the high cost of healthcare under OBAMACARE?
We are... Obamacare forced insurace companies to raise other premiums i.e home and auto insurance.
He bailed out the banks and auto industry... In the first 12 months, OBAMACARE bailed outl the Insurance Industry.. but the plan failed.
And what are Americans going to do about it? Take charge when the govt doesn't represent its people.
Again, 28 million is greater than 22 million, therefore MORE Americans WITH PRE-EXISTING condidtions DO NOT have healthcare coverage!!!!
Sir, 28 million is GREATER THAN 22 million. ACA Pre-existing and subsidies are reliant on monies from majority participation... correct?
The world will feel more secure when the US government is #Democrat . It's not only about health insurance...
The IRS has charged and attempted to collect approximently 90 BILLION DOLLARS from the 28+ million Americans not covered under Obamacare.
STILL... 28 million Americans do not have healthcare... WHY NOT?
Your fake
The IRS charged and collected 22,400,000,000 in penalties
Therefore, under the Affordable Care Act, 28 million Americans received tax penalties.
When r blind followers going 2 end supporting do nothing leaders like @SenSanders #Obamacare's a failure REGROUP! Support change or SHUT UP
Admit that #Obamacare has been a failure. It MUST be rewritten.Great leaders admit failure & push improvement.Stop WHINING and make change!
What was Bernie's answer to the problem bail on the country
You didn't seem to care for the ones that got their insurances cancelled because of ACA...
If those 28 mil don't want it then we should not be able to force them to have it.
My question is do you know the differences between healthcare and health coverage?
28 million Americans still don't have healthcare because even with a SUPERMAJORITY in 2009; @DNC couldn't deliver on its promise.
 oops!
At one time Hilary said there were 50 million without health care which is it?
I thought #Obamacare was supposed to have fixed that? Oh wait... what's that? Oh... the premiums under #Obamacare are too high. Welp. 
And kill how many?!! Doing that! thank you for your continued battle for us!!!
Because the @GOP is just like an organized crime family...and @realDonaldTrump thinks he's Don Corleone.
I read 15M were voluntary due to abolishing the financial burden. I would urge more accuracy in tweets if you wish to really inform.
Most people don't need health care.  40 years without and loving it.
Having an open market for health care is the best solution. Funding it through taxes will make it worse. Just look at Obamacare.
no, that's how many will CHOOSE not to have health ins. too expensive.need to repeal ACA all together.
Go home Bernie, please retire!
if it weren't for wife's employer paid plan we wouldn't have insurance.  how many more people lost their insurance under the ACA?
Explain what you're offering Senator. What will it do for every American??  They don't get it-Explain Repeat explain repeat explained repeat
we want the government OUT of our healthcare.. go away, leave us to negotiate with ins companies as we do with car/property/life insurance
@JeffFlake
Trump must go along with his staff and all republicans that knew of this collusion but didn't care to push their agendas!
Can you please address the underlying problem of high costs and inefficiency?  Pointing the finger isn't working.
my wife and I had a great insurance plan until you guys passed the ACA. Then we couldn't afford it b/c the costs got to expensive.
#Obamacare enacted 2014, how then are 28 MILLION American's STILL without health care?? Wasn't EVERYONE suppose 2 B taken care of? More LIES
If Obamacare was the answer, why do 28 million Americans still not have health care?
My husband & I work hard to pay our own medical bills-self pay! Why should I pay for someone else's hc who has no excuse not to work?
I like that plan we need an open insurance market not government run health care the government screws everything up
Thank Donald Trump Jr.
The GOP is only concerned with giving the rich a tax break. They are not concerned with the health care for the middle class.
50 million is such a nice round number!
28 million don't have it because they don't like yours. 22 million will have choice.
What are you doing Bernie??
They believe tax cuts fix everything else. Maybe they they think health care cuts cure disease?
Why doesn't he redistribute some of his wealth, like a real Socialist is "supposed to." Oh wait, that's always been a lie too.
Bernie Sanders hasn't worked a day in his life and owns three mansions and drives an R8. His followers have been had. #quitetheracket
@SenSanders - What's your answer? You can't get FREE COLLEGE for your own State Vermont, NY State has it ! Not a very good Progressive!
So...Obamacare didn't work is what you are saying.
28 million no insurance now. Shows you lied  and exaggerated you are a sick http://man.You  are responsible for those 28 million
Well like you said under Obozo care 28 million don't have insurance.  congratulations dems on screwing 28 million under your care program.
Shoot someone on 5th Ave? Throw 22 million off healthcare to cut billionaire taxes? This is #Trumpland and his base doesn't care who dies.
For #Republicans this is just a start. They aim to dismantle medicare, social security , public school as well. Don't let them fool you.
Omg, move on already.  Quit telling lies
Thank goodness us brits still have the NHS just about.
if obama care so great, why 28 million without insurance.
ACA made 25m ppl lose the healthcare they had, and forced them to take less coverage for more $$$.
And not a single American under current law can be refused "Healthcare" regardless of their ability to pay.
When you point your finger, three are pointing back at you. discuss the opioid crisis you shit all over this country, pharm in your pocket
Come on Bernie, we need u to develop a legit solution, we know u can do it. U need to break out of the box.
How about them getting a freaking job and buying insurance? Wow #rocketscience
Wenn die Republikaner unverantwortlich
entscheiden, haben 50 Millionen Amerikaner
keine bezahlbare Gesundheitsfürsorge. Das
darf nicht sein
Make it an even 50? Then it's easier to do back-of-the-napkin math.
Absolutely disgraceful!! 28 million Americans without healthcare!Shame of those who turn their backs on those in need!
That's a lie.  Enjoy your three houses.
100mil people don't want to pay for others health insurance
Bernie cant imagine anybody in there right mind who would want mandatory health care and if you cant afford it get fined obamacare for ya
They buy their own insurance. That's the answer.
And it's because many don't want it Bernie-Boy. No one should be forced to pay for something they DON'T want, not penalized by government!
I thought ACA was supposed to fix all that!
Wait, Ocare said you have to buy insurance. So you're saying Ocare has no authority? Or are they illegals so not following the laws?
Wait wait. If 28 mil don't have "healthcare," does that mean they are dead or dying??
the biggest obstacle to single payer is when its advocates start humping the ACA as an acceptable alternative. #singlepayer
What @tedcruz refers to as a win for everyone
Yes throw them off of health care,work at hospital and they don't pay anyway.ask them what their insurance covers now
Continuing to feel the Bern!
I thought Obama Care was working perfectly. Isn't that why you all want to keep it? You lied???
Maybe you should be asking Obama what happened to his perfect OBAMA CARE what the answers are!!
I thought everybody was gonna be covered under Obamacare?
Oh Bernie, you're very fortunate your sheeple, or as I like to call them, non intellects, hinge on ur every word. #Fearmongering
THOSE 28 MILLION DONT WANT TO BE FORCED TO BUY HEALTH INSURANCE LIKE UNDER oBAMACARE  DEMS PASSED THIS HORRIBLE BILL AN NOT ONE READ IT
28 MILLION AMERICANS DONT HAVE HEALTH CARE AN YOU BLAME TRUMP WHO'S BEEN IN OFFICE 5 MONTHS NOT OBAMA IN OFFICE 8 YRS  76% HIGHER PREMIUMS
Interesting how causing millions of deaths doesn't seem bother them one bit. They're living in the wrong time. They should be feudal lords!
DEGAGE VIEUX
Health insurance and healthcare are two different things. No one is refused treatment at an ER by law.
Retire or get a new job. So tired of all the constant opposition. Absolutely no support for majority of americans.!
What's a few more? Give or take 22mil? 
Shut up Bernie and start helping to unite us, please.
And what is the DNC's answer? Meh..28 million without is aokay....but more that that is immoral. Let's not forget 45k dead each yr under OBC
It's a nice, round 50 million. You know. Simple numbers for simple people...aka thier constituents.
#SinglePayerHealthcare Is The Anti-Slavery Issue of Today. Abolitionists Won When Lincoln Led 3rd Party & Broke the 2-Party Logjam #Bernie
22M won't be mandatory covered because they don't want to pay to be covered.   Why don't you state the truth, crooked Lying Bernie
Yeah that is pretty much the the ACA did.
And you still have 3 houses
On the plus side…if they offer even less then they have less to screw up…maybe that’s their logic!
How come they are so barbaric and have no compassion.
...and make it more expensive for millions more. And eliminate essential health benefits
#NewElection November 9th 2017 #PassItOn #ImWithHer
Even if you met a genie & got your wish. Millions of us STILL won't vote for @HillaryClinton 
Maybe 28 million people need to get a job. Healthcare isn't free Bernie. If ur so concerned pay for it with the $ your wife stole
Why? Why is Obamacare failing?
obamacare saves lives. .republicans want2throw us all off healthcare. if their plan kills us who will pay taxes-aka their salaries?
Typical republican answers
I appreciate your concern. But is your answer Obamacare? How's it universal? A self employed man working 14 hours a day I find it difficult.
Jesus feed the multitude with a few fish & loaves of bread, the richest country can't feed it's people. Let that sink in...
#FUD #FakeNews
