But zero thanks to you. You spread the Right's lies about Hillary, even after you lost the nomination. You demonized her relentlessly.
What lies? That she has a public and private position? That she is for more war? That she sold fracking to the world?
You Berners we're spreading the most vile lies about Hillary. Pizza gate, child porn rings. Bernie knew Russian propaganda was
WHAT? Those things i mentioned were all true about hillary and he had nothing to do with pizzagate conspiracy
You asked what lies and I gave examples. You'd prefer to cherry pick. Typical.
You privileged, pampered children who really only cares about purity tests... you did this. I couldn't count the number of times I heard
Berners say "if we don't get our way, we'll just let the country burn and then they'll learn their lesson." Well now the country is
Uh bernie supporters have been constantly protesting.
Let Obamacare die! Gov has no business in healthcare look at VA! I want my insurance back!
Heartless! Obamacare is inadequate; Trumpcare a disaster. It's high time we joined the civilized world & implemented universal healthcare.
It is the best thing that could happen to America mate!
No way is socialized & therfore rationed Healthcare is the best People that have money come 2 America 4 the exceptional doctors we have here



We are the most free country in the world. With freedom come responsibility. Give up responsibility means giving up freedom. Count me out.

Healthcare is a basic human right. People will DIE without it. Do you think water should be free? Same difference for some people.
What about college?  

Is that a "human right" too?
Yes. When you HAVE to get a degree in order to make a good living, it should be a human right. Otherwise, Grade school shouldn't be free.
Nothing wrong with a trade. There are electricians out there that make more money then a doctor. So nope college isn't necessary.
Except, on average, people need it. You're looking at a small amount of people.
Really is that why most degrees anymore work better as TP?
Maybe your degree? Mine helped me land a job at Sony.
Anytime Bernie
I'm with you senator Sanders
Amen to that!!!
What about coming out against the pathetic Obamacare!
You are the one that is pathetic.
I'm going to continue to stand and fight against this. Thank you, @SenSanders #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
All ur trying to do is force us into a gov't run single payer system that is equally as useless. All you ppl need to be voted out. You Suck!
So you're saying, despite its wealth, Americans are just too stupid & inept to have universal healthcare like all other nations. Got it.
It should've been you Bernie!
Apparently 4 million people disagree with you.
Yes. That is the case. But Bernie gave her serious competition despite horrible press coverage & DNC's Hillary favoritism...I voted
Had he conceded with class instead of spewing RW lies about her, he'd have my respect.
The fact that you have all if 74?followers suggests to me you weren't even on Twitter in Nov. Maybe you are a bot
Our true President is Bernie!!!
Keep up your fight for healthcare. If America had healthcare for all we would all be better off. And Republicans aren't ready to help others
Now they just need to stand up and fight against the pathetic ACA.
Pathetic how? By removing pre-existing, caps, allowing women to pay same, preventive care covered? Prohibiting rise in premiums? How?
The premiums are increasing by a factor four or more, so prohibiting a rise in premiums does not do.
You're welcome. If you're finished using our party how about stop taking credit for the hard work Dems &the people of the #resistance do?
Anne-what is wrong with u? You remind of f'ing trump always needing recognition. I am sure COUNTLESS people worked harder than u ever will
#PutinBot
You went on air and tried to take credit. Your big ego will be popped when you run again and lose.
I want to thank the millions of people around this country who stood up and fought back against the pathetic Republican health care bill. 
He'll be 80, so he better go take a nap.

YES I'M AGEIST for Bernie. I don't think an 80 year old should be President of the United States.
good f job and Obama care will bankrupt
Is it really gone? Hooray!
We love you Bernie, we will keep fighting for what's right and you keep fighting for us.
Keep your message loud and clear.  We all deserve healthcare that works. Availability or Access is not the same as actual care.
Ok what next what is uour plan and how much will it cost  thnk you for responding please be specific
Support term limits and end the ridiculous pay and benefit packages of congressmen and senators
Bernie, shut up! Obamacare is what's f'ng pathetic. I'm tired of working to give to losers who made piss poor choices in their lives!
#democracy in action
I have so much respect for you. YOU ARE HONEST
You have of course read the entire Republican Health Care Bill? What specifically is pathetic about it?
How's the wife doing with her investigation?
You oppose the Republican bill bc you oppose the Right, and, simultaneouly support the Washington status quo.  I can't wait 4 full REPEAL
Real Conservatives were against this bill because it was 90% Obamacare. We agree on one thing, at least.
God bless you. I do not benefit from Obamacare. But anything coming from Trump is a disaster. I live in Nigeria though.
WHINE, WHINE, WHINE. GETTING TIRED OH HEARING YOU WHINE
Hey fraud bernie question if only 8 million people are enrolled in Obamacare how can 24 million lose coverage #democratfraud
Yes let's let #ObamaCare collapse!
Thank you for your diligence about health care and keeping the  Nation informed.  #You are appreciated
Govts thinking they should have anything to do w/ healthcare is pathetic #FreeMarketCapitalism
@NCForBernie Thank you Bernie for n ot backing down like so many GOP "leaders", read LOSERS
Well said

Only in the USA can an illiterate and certifiably insane kook like @SenSanders make a public spectacle of himself on TV on a daily basis

Maybe this is why nothing I need is covered in united heath care ins. Is because the CEO needs all the $
You talk so well and you represent us so well.  Bernie you deserve to have been president.  You are the only one that truly cares.  Thanks
I wish you would stand up to the corrupt Democrats who murdered your supporter, Seth Rich among other downright evil tactics of your party!
Thank you for standing with us sir!
Thanks to ALL the  @SenateDems who stood firm & moderate GOP Senators who joined them!! This is why we elected them to listen to the people
ok genius.. you gave us ACA, which is a complete failure, FIX IT!  stop obstructing. "We have to pass it to see what's in it".   bahahaha
But what about YOUR WIFE??
Single payer would bankrupt the country, not an option.
The GOP is not done yet! Keep fighting for the single-payer system! Thank you very much Bernie
the only reason we are debating this is bcause your pathetic party behind closed doors gave us this debacle.failing.unsustainable like u

Okay
Well get involved and help fix it instead feuding like children
The only disaster here is you and your failed policies. Democrats aren't in touch with America hence why you are losing seats
Βetter to fight for universal health care for all Americans united .No need for political turmoil
what we have sucks
So they need to just let Obamacare fail as it was intended to do from the start, remember azzhole your party did this dems own this mess
No, thank YOU Mr. President.
@realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @marcorubio @SpeakerRyan  
Bernie is nothing but a lying rotten crooked politician supplying corrupt grease

Maybe you should concern yourself with keeping you and your wife out of jail. Bank Fraud now that's greed.
thank you for your service!
We thank public servants like you Sen. 
Let it fail then Dems own the failure
Way to nail down the talking points!
#politicalgeniusthemomenthillarylost
AARP is corrupt as hell, chances are anything they oppose has good potential.
Obama care is pathetic no one can afford it... go back to the way it was and give healthcare to those who really need it
1. Sir you are not poor for a start. 2. What is wrong with working with @SenateGOP on health care? 3. Stop creating fear with pple will DIE
We need a president like you Bernie
Hey, shouldn't you be selling a house to pay for your wife's legal defense?
Not over Bernie!
No, thank you Bernie for fighting with us!
Please let us know what we can keep doing to get us single pay healthcare.  We love all your doing for Americans.  A true hero
Wouldn't it have been awesome if you could stop complaining and crossed over and helped the republicans with this or when President Trump
Offered to have a listening sessions 4 both sides and not one of you went to help and speak ur mind. You could have shown some true
Leadership and shown the american people that you were will to help change this failing bill
If you told Trump he'd save NASA billions by repealing the law of gravity, he'd get the GOP working on that, instead of just hurting people?
With NO thanks to you. I am still very disappointed in you & your behavior during/after campaign. You knew the truth & still played the fool
https://www.facebook.com/inthenow/videos/834491863367851/ …
Repub healthcare fails dems celebrate, how is the continuation of Obamacare which is failing cause for celebration, that's not a solution.
But then Bernie Sanders CAN celebrate because he won't have to worry about Obamacare because he'll never be on it, he just wants YOU on it.
Takes GUTS 2 standup 2 these REPUBS/REJECTS (admin) & this POTUS, rich getting off ppl lives by killing health care bill 4 ppl who want it
Just stop.
Thank you for keeping up the good fight for us, THE PEOPLE! You are so appreciated!
What are the #CBO estimates for status quo #Obamacare?  What are Medicaid & Medicare budgets? How many insured? Treatment wait times?
Most voters are for Trump Healthcare, so you are the one to blame
Thank you for fighting for all people and not the insurance companies!! 
#hindsight2020
We love you Bernie!
Thank you so much!

Me too! Now stand up for the repeal of the pathetic Obamacare bill so we can move on.
This has nothing to do w/ the people. This has to do w/ politicians that lie, just like you, comrade!
Yeah, Bernie likes socialist medicine. He must love Venezuela.
Still waiting for an answer as to why we can't have the same healthcare as you Senator? Hmm no answer again!
I can't believe people actually think that healthcare isn't a basic human right. No one deserves to die because they can't afford to survive
Your healthcare totally fails. Please stay out of any healthcare decisions. You have no clue.

You better hope they have good healthcare in prison. #bankfraudbernie
#notfeelingthebern
senator if obama Care is so great why not pass a bill to have the congress and senate adopt it for their health care?
Only attacks &NOT CONSTRUCTIVE Criticism Or COOPERATION.
Get your greedy paws off $$$$$ that u get from taxes for healthcare&give it back  people otherwise we will vote u out!
#conventionofstates
No health care bill failed because we the people want federal government out of health care! We want you to send Healthcare back the States!
I am happy for you, but how does that help our situation and stop our premiums from rising. I realize you are exempt and all.
a bill that's a stinker. on-point! congrats america.. one battle down, many more to go i guess.
I love you Bernie!!!
You are pathetic!
Is there money in making noise?
This guy continues to attempt to be a monstrous divider. What a useless unproductive life he leads.
Nobody did anything especially you
How's Jane doing ?  looks like you both  love capitalism! 
Thanks for all you did to inform Americans what a "stinker" the GOP Healthcare bills really were. WE LOVE YOU BERNIE!
Have you noticed trump gives speeches like 3 year tries to BS through their book report when he hasn't read the book, that's our president
Criminal!
This is a funny tweet coming from you, Bernie. You are full of it. You think uour plan has worked well for the American people.
Not over yet keep the pressure on!
Thank you Bernie for your compassion. We love you man.
What healthcare plan does the family of @SenSanders have. No answer says it all. 
What's your plan to help the middle class afford Healthcare?
Thank you Bernie!!!
THANK YOU FOR ALL THE STANDING UP AND FIGHTING BACK YOU DO.  WE SO NEED YOUR VOICE NOW!
ACA brought in large profits to healthcare industry but yet they pull state coverages & double costs to patients, healthcare joke on America
Why don't the Dems lead by you join forces to fix coarse and move to single payer we are all proud of?@realDonaldTrump
Obamacare was corrected to coarse
Old man you're crooked just like Clinton you talk about greed and you got 3 home and you're wife going to Jain
As a former Republican I would like to thank you for your continued service to this country.
It's predecessor was no better Bernie...

Unfortunately, this fight is not over 

How I love this man! Obviously Bernie 2020!!!
I want to thank the @FBI for investigating #BernieBankFraud & his wife for trying to evict disabled elderly
Yeah thanks a fucking bunch
What your saying is the other 307 million people that are suffering in one way or another because of O-care is justified?
What thanks was it when you flushed my $400 contribution to your election campaign down the @HillaryClinton toilet?
Full repeal is the only answer.
Appreciate all your hard work and conviction!
Now, would you please get up off your seat and propose a better healthcare plan with the President then?!
It's simple. Unlike the Dems who work in unison, the GOP has a variety of ideas and opinions that they stick to. 4 better or worse.
Bernie is a pathetic old fool and makes no sense at all
Please keep fighting, don't give up!
Hi Bernie, has anyone consider DT Sr attending Jr's meeting via conference call. That way they can say he wasn't there & SS would confirm?
Don't worry Bernie its coming.
How att those 3 homes you own??
You mean the constitutional senators. @RandPaul  @SenTedCruz ??? You're welcome, now we can focus on repeal.
Thank YOU @SenSanders for continuing to fight for the middle and lower class of Americans. You are our Guardian Angel.
At least the Republicans are letting Americans see the plan unlike Democrats with Obamacare
END CAREER POLITICIANS                             TERM LIMITS 
But you knew about Russians?

Thank you for your efforts in your fight against dishonesty up on the hill taking from the poor to give to the rich
America doesn't need government involved with healthcare industry insurance period. It just lines the pockets of the wealthy
Don't placate us Senator, All of you are equally as bad. Ocare just as pathetic. $150 a wk premium and $10,000 deductable Ocare is useless!
Respectfully where's you plan? Why haven't you shown the public your plan yet and submitted it?
Like you stood up and phot against Hillary when she took your chance away from you! You're pretty limp Bernie!
Dems & Independents need 2 vote together this time.It's Very important.Please help bridge the gap while there's still time.Together we win!!
What is the plan to prevent the imminent "death spiral" which Trump is cheering for
I'm on board but I beg u 2 unite with Dems.We cant afford another split vote in 2018.We cant loose the House we'll b stuck w these imbeciles
TY, #Bernie, for rallying millions of #Americans in the fight against the Corporatist takeover of our government.  #ResistanceIsProgressive
It's because of officials like Bernie I have NOT lost Total Faith in the American Government. He's a reminder of INTEGRITY in DC  DOS
If we has universal health care , living wage and free college education who would join up to fight in our foreign wars?
You're welcome!!
Yogi Berra said " It ain't over 'til it's over". Trump stills wants his lb. of Obama's flesh & he will do by the only means he knows: fear.
Repel/Replace later...New CBO score= 32 million kicked of by 2026.... Shameful! Now we have to fight even harder!!!!
Dude you are bankrupting our country
You're welcome. I wish I could call you Mr. President
Thank you
