A reminder; Trump supported trans community during campaign! @realDonaldTrump
give the clinically insane no wages administered by the government!!
sander is the mannnnnn
sanders*:
GOOOOO BERNS LMAO
So the US military should pay for surgeries, hormone therapy (related side effects), etc? There are health risks besides the outrageous cost
Mr. Sanders I salute you for that tweet . I only wish that some day Trump picks up a History book.
Thank you for your integrity, compassion & for being on the right side of history!
You let Hillary bend you over. You have no credibility anymore. Retire and enjoy you pay off
Military has one job.. to win wars.. not to run  social programs. Transgender in service won't be affected. No new recruits. A distraction
By the way, Bernie, in which branch of the Military did you serve?
Bernie, you are on the wrong side of intelligence, our military is to protect our citizens, not a social experiment.
The President and his racist friends cannot defeat the strength of a UNITED working class dedicated to social justice. #socialism
Military also discriminates VS people w flat feet and against fat people.  Are you going to criticize them for that also?
There are only two genders Bernie male and female.  Just because you call the others genders does not make it so
Former trans say it best:
Celebrate one who switches gender and ridicule one who switches race? I support the right to choose; but don't ignore the mental illness.
Yes.  There is something wrong, biologically, if you mentally feel separated from your body. Surgery seems like a dangerous and drastic.
This Trump's order is right and fair.
Find out someone's opinion who has actually been there, unlike Bernie Sanders and B.S.
Liberals are so retarded. They don't understand that the military has ALWAYS restricted people with medical liabilities from joining
It would be discriminating allowing trans with chosen medical liabilities to joint while keeping others with actual med liabilities out
As usual this nit wit never gets it right!

it's okay to discriminate against fat people, old people and people with criminal records. Not trans though.
exactly! People really get hung up on pedophiles, felons, LGBT, Obama and Trump but we can work towards eliminating blind discrimination
No Bernie.  YOU are on the wrong side of history.  History has proven that socialism is ridiculous.  So are you.  Draftdodger.
.The #Reps need a new #WedgeIssue They lost the #AntiGay issue. #Ohio #Michigan
Amen Sir, Bernie for President?
Okay Bernie, I vote you pay for their sex changes/hormones/unnecessary stuff & watch them do jack shit, and then you can tweet about it
...thinking, Tbone is on the wrong side of humanity 
Yes we do
Trump got a point why do we need transgenders when we need real women and men. We dont need a gomophia tronqee pronoun "it" - birdman i sppt
I love you so much 
then you pay for their transitions. Military isn't a social experiment.
Truman was a fuckin racist. He just needed bodies to fight.  Just sayin
BERNIE SANDERS BETRAYED THE BELIEVERS SOLD OUT TO THE ISLAMICLOBBYIST
That's so racist
Jul. 17, 1944: Port Chicago Disaster and Mutiny
Bernie you are an idiot. Why don't you go defraud another bank and just keep to your 3 houses
Truman was a far better president than Trump could ever be. Trump is unstable. Truman was not.
We are also not an ANTI CHRIST Nation - We are not interested in your JEW WORLD ORDER - Transgenders are an Abomination of GoD
Transgender..transsexual... Trans is an umbrella term, isn't it? At least he stands with this "transvestite".
It's sad but people tend to forget that history always repeats itself. Any progress we had has been reversed by this administration.
Just because he can. He's a sad little guy
He desperately wanted to distract from Russia. From what I understand, the Pentagon was as surprised as everyone else by this latest move..
Give up your beach house and pay for a few transitions....we're NOT
I'm normally right with you Bernie. But, on this issue....I'm gonna have to save my fucks giving for another topic.
This coming from him who is against everything we have stood for. He speaks out of both sides of his mouth and also his ####.
Support
There will be NO trans ppl in the military you jerk!
You are growing on me Bern!
Mr Sanders, we must stand with our military. What is wrong with you?
you should sit on a trans persons lap Bernie
So letting workers go to cut cost is fine but firing trans people for the same reason is discrimination?
It is when your president acts like a Biggoted angry child with launch codes whos presidency seems more like the Mob.
@realDonaldTrump wants to go back in history when the military segregated people. Active duty transsexuals will be the victims of it.
Yall are just acting up b/c trans people aren't fit for the military since we aren't in a big war. But there are guys out there who....
Shut up Bernie! We don't need your communist Zionist propaganda. http://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.cfact.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/Holdren-Human-Ecology-cover-title-and-copyright-pages-with-chapter-10.pdf&sa=U&ved=0ahUKEwil6OaksKrVAhWTZiYKHVyeAZEQFgggMAA&usg=AFQjCNE5HX_FjAsMlz93FmRr9rKl60I8SQ …
They do not belong in the Military ! They only want Military to pay their Trans Bills . Their surgeries are elective .
Well said Senator Sanders! Trump must be stopped. He is destroying the USA..
Trump is a total failure & a loser
#OpLibTard
It's not discrimination. There are several medical/mental health issues that disqualify.  Look it up. No discrimination.
Mr Sander I think you should retire now coz, as you are growing old, you are loosing all of your thinking ability. Thank you 
Military is not a place to do social experiments.  Top goal is military readiness. Reality trans at MD's most times and not working
So Bernie, if YOU wanted to join the military and were turned down because of your age, isn't that discrimination also. Stand up for Seniors
Mr. Sanders, your talk to Trump is like talking to a bag of cut hair.
Then use your money to pay for their mental illness surgeries and not our tax payer money! Mr Socialist Jew!
Obama discriminated for 7 years of his presidency.
Would be funny if his son would become transsexual
Bernie if you only knew what you were talking about
Wow you turned out to be a huge  so glad hillary stole your chance to ruin america your career is over
I could not agree more, @SenSanders
At least he'll be in history
No
Smart move, the military isnt a social experiment.
I stand with TRANS
Realmente Trump NO está en la Historia,es un accidente en el devenir histórico
You're wrong. transgenders are enlisting 4 gender reassignment surgery, not 4 doing their duty. not much use if need mental care & surgery
Mr President Trump is right about keeping out the expensive distraction. No place in the military for it.
#1948
All jobs have job requirements. Just because I can do the job doesn't mean I'm going to get it. It doesn't mean they have any bias either!
But they actually will turn trans people away because they are trans! Thats straight up bias!
Did you apply for a job that you could do and not get an offer ?? It doesn't mean that is bias. It's just not the right time.
So right now with this ban a trans person, applies for a military position. Is more qualified, will they be able to join the military?
If they are fully of one sex. Then yes. With that being said all cost of the change will be on that person & not the government
I dont think you understand what a ban means. Or what it takes to change a gender.
No tax payer should have to pay for another's metamorphosis!! That is their personal business they pay for it
Thousands have been rejected by the military for many many different reasons; everything from flat feet to tattoos. Discrimination? Outrage?
The Government has never had this issue before! Tax payers should not pay for their hormone replacement or sex changes! That on them.
They also shouldnt be paying for boner pills. But they do that and its waaay more costly than medical costs for trans.
"Boner Pills" OMG! That proves your lack of empathy
You have no empathy for trans people! Viagra costs over 40 mill to supply. If you wanna cut costs remove that! Then 15,000 wont be affected.
We wouldn't be here if it wasn't for the DNC and Debbie Wasserman-Shultz.
@SenSanders he's on the wrong side of EVERYTHING. Get rid of him and his fellow thugs then fumigate the white house.
http://www.dailywire.com/news/6847/pentagon-prepares-ditch-ban-transgender-soldiers-aaron-bandler ….  Screw you Bernie!
Wait. Isn't the identity politics? I thought you said we should move past that.
trump has not progressed beyond the playground mentality.
I AM SORRY THE ARE RULES TO PLAYGROUND BEHAVIOR,TRUMP'S MENTALITY HAVEN'T MEET THAT TO THIS DAY,OUR CHILDREN KNOW HOW TO BEHAVE TRUMP DON'T
Yes Sir. RESPECT
And next step he will say women are not allowed as well... he is a divider not a leader.
explain again why we always bow to .5% of the population? stop the pandering
There's no such thing as a trans. There's male, there's female, DNA defines gender, I don't care how you wrap the package!! Get over it!!
Period!
Transgenders can't even decide their own sexuality, have a 40% suicide rate, and are prone to depression. Do we want them in battle? NO!
This is disgusting, there's no room for hatred or discrimination. The transphobic idiots here are on the wrong side of history
Nada against trans ppl Just don't want them in our military trying 2 decide what sex they want 2 be on my dime! It's Not a social experiment
The military is not the place for social extermination.  Bernie were you ever in the military?  Let us know?
No one is gonna listen to him on this lol
The search for scapegoats is an abnegation of responsibility: it indicates an inability to assess honestly... Aung San Suu Kyi
Congress is not a home for the elderly, the sick, the senile &/or the mentally ill. Bernie is on the wrong side of everything.
And this on his self-proclaimed "American Heroes Week"
#Hitler # trump #Modi are on one side of history.
Go Trump, tax dollars should not be spent on Military members changing their sex!
But...But....But... #IdentityPolitics 
Even Dick Cheney said that freedom means freedom for everybody. Not a typo, it was Dick Cheney, the guy who shoots lawyers in the face.
I don't remember the outrage from the left when the trannies were banned prior to 2016. More political BS from the left. Blame the Russians.
@realDonaldTrump History has its eye on you #Ham4All
There are all kinds of reasons why people are not allowed to enlist. They have a mental illness. Why should they special treatment?
Democrats have no place anywhere. DONALD TRUMP asked all of u on more than one occasion to join him you communist
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK you Bernie.
Burnie you better stand with transgender people.  If u bend over they might slip one to ya!   Unless you like that sort of shit?
You isolate them by putting them in a box. You can't demand to be treated different and then complain about being treated differently.
The only ones bitching are people who don't actually know anything about being in the military while our soldiers mostly agree this is good
Sorry berine if he was acting like a real president he would do wats right for the people, not wat HE wants, acting more like a slumlord
The living side.
Mr Trump is trying to invade Venezuelan toghether wit Presidents Santos (Col) and Peña Nieto (Mex). What do you think about that matter?
And this won't get u elected, DNC will castrate u again cause they don't want you. How the investigation going with ur wife's fraud case
Stand with them...sure.  Pay for them?  NO CHANCE
Stop comparing mental illness of thinking ur a sex ur not with skin color.  it's not the same. Military service isn't a right
I disagree.  It's s total distraction on these military leaders officers an Sr enlisted !!
Well said Senator Sanders.

All I got to say is how many tours of duty? in the most elite seal team?
Strange to me how a draft dodger gets to dictate military policy.. A man whose father bought his way out of Vietnam is telling us this shit.
Pish. Transgender people are mentally ill nutjobs. Up until about 18 months ago, we weren't part of their delusion. Now we pander to it
And in which branch did you serve Bernie?
Just a trump diversion and a tactic. 'boo bait for bubba' especially with republi con disfavor re: Sessions attacks.
Well it's a good thing your NOT running the country isn't it Bernie. How's that FBI investigation going?
I'm not discriminating it's just that in war you want a super trained fit testosterone fuelled person willing to put their life on the line.
Would you want a trans next to you in a gun battle. Putting your life in their hands. I'd be fine with a woman but not some drugged trans
No we must not u dems need 2 stop pushing your views on every 1 else n taxs payers r sick of paying 4 sex changes
Fuck that Bernie your crazy
Trump become more and more pathetic day by day... I think that if someone is able to work for the army, whatever he is, he can do it...
I just called my senator from half way across the world. If I can YOU CAN.
TIC-TOC
https://ro.pinterest.com/pin/848928598480840866/ …
Where would you rather be Sanders? The Wrong side of Nature?
If trans get surgery, they can not deploy for a year. If they take hormones, they can not deploy for a year.
So they can do all this and beat the system and actually only have to serve a year.
Noooo That's not true. Trans service members are as deployable and medically ready as their nontrans peers. No disrespect Cody
It's PRESIDENT TRUMP not "Mr. Trump Bernie!!! You are so disrespectful... You are such a joke. Just stop already!
impeach Trump an quit pussyfooting around an get Trump out of office an his cabinet an vice-president
SenSanders I believe trans..... der is wrong BTW Christians / muslem
Well said!




Says the anti-Christian bigot? 
I dont think I want my defence in the hands of neurotics/unbalanced people obsessed with their gender identity.
It is totally unconstitutional, despicable and anti American/anti human. Period
Discrimination is wrong - if a transsexual is better and stronger than a heterosexual candidate, wouldn't it be better to hire them?
I'm confused. If free society=choice, how can you deny someone their choice in a free society.? I can't make sense of it, can anyone ?
Trump has been on the wrong side of history ever since he took the oath of office.
Says the man that never fought for anything. Instead of going off emotion go talk to Special Operators/ Infantry forces and get a real brief
Bernie open your eyes!There are medical diagnosis that keep people out of the military -this is another! You have become the great divider!
have you guys got an island where you can put him this 45 man he is sick so many phobias he knows how to bring the hate that's it and $guns
Both ways Bernie
Wow,your president must be without empathy for troubled people. And so must your military commanders.What about the depressed and lonely?
we are all one
Do you think that Trump is trying to divert attention away from the investigation by these outrageous tweets?
Is a psychological threshold for mental stability discrimination?  Never has been before.  We try and fix crazy, not applaud it.
If he had not lied during the campaign maybe this pill wouldn't be so hard to swallow
MAGAs never get "you're" right.
#UnitedWeResist
BERNIE
LGBT kick ass https://insurrectionnewsworldwide.com/2017/07/24/rojava-the-formation-of-the-queer-liberation-and-insurrection-army-tqila-irpgf/ …
Idk much about the inside/outs, but you were on the wrong side of hstry not that long ago. But, I support you brthr
Why couldn't we have gotten Bernie instead
Stand with your wife the criminal bernie
Ash Carter was wrong in starting this last year.
Bernie Sanders be real for once. Dementia is beginning on you.
EXACTLY!!!!!!  Take this to the courts ASAP, do not let him discriminate against over 7000 in our military.
Cry me a river.  The insane, perverted minority can learn to deal with their surgical choices.
u I agree with trump
Bernie, can you be trump's advisor, please!!!
Openly transgender is different than being in the closet... I am sure there are many people with many disorders serving in the US military.
Exactly what is your Military experience Bernie? That's right.....none.
If that were true #deaf or people with disabilities should be able serve in the US military.
Didn't bill nye say ol people should die
