Please stop attacking democrats; if trump succeeds you'll be partly responsible. U aren't the advocate I thought you were when I voted for u
Anyone paying attention during the primaries should be furious at the DNC. Do you understand that they literally cheated?

Welp, I'm convinced.
You can either believe Bernie lied this one time or deal with reality, as he did.
you do realize Clinton get more delegates... Bernie got the voters!!!  primaries are bullshit
False. She beat him by millions.
Hillary Clinton was rewarded delegates in places she fucking lost!!!!! #fact
If the Democratic Party is a failure then what does that make your failed 2016 campaign? Your divisive language will cost the Left elections
You are getting on Bernie when the DNC rigged the primaries? Get your act together.
They weren't rigged. He lost fairly in every feasible way including by over 3 million popular votes.
Lol. Denying the truth doesn't make it anything less than the truth. #WakeUp #BernieWouldHaveWon #FeelTheBern #ResistTheOligarchy #DemExit
Take your own advice. Maybe think about why he didn't connect with more ppl instead of pointing fingers.
Lol Who brought tons of young ppl to the Dems? Bernie! And who threw all those young ppl away? Hillary! You were saying?
He riled up a bunch of white ppl w/ a void to fill while alienating minorities.
How did he alienate minorities?
So, you condemn Christian's, but give a pass to Muslims whose beliefs are to kill and rape non Muslims?  You're a  zip damn hypocrite.
Where does he condemn Christians again? I must have missed that.
By violating Article VI of Const. Applying religious test for an office of public trust. Do your own homework. You missed a lot.
Uh... Saying your religion shouldn't matter when holding office isn't attacking Christianity.
Uh . . . basing your vote on ones religion does. Cue senile 1%er Bernie.
How?
Constitn Article VI. “[N]o religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States.”
He was basing his vote on the fact he wasn't representing his constituents, he was CONDEMNING them!Regardless of religion that's unamerican.
Bernie is right... the Democratic Party is all but over..only agenda is to resist trump..there shit and fall back in it.... Bernie knows it
Oh Bernie is right about something! Look at the money rolling in from his book sales. Thank you supporters!
Bernie,. Can I please have 1 of your homes?  Please.
You can only have it via legal Govt theft
Please don't just bash democrats today.
Gotta stick together
Your rehtoric is the reason people are shooting Republicans
Oh silly Bernie. I wouldn't join you anywhere
You have to talk about voter suppression, the rigged primary and #DNCFraudLawsuit #SethRich
Talking against the democratic Party is a terrible idea. It only helps Trump. 
Are you also working for the Russians? It sure seems like it. STOP BASHING DEMS! #StillWithHer
Tell the Dems to start representing the ppl instead of corporations. #CorporationsAreNotPeople
You need to control what you say before you hurt the democrats. It is time for you guys to come together, not push each other apart.
The Democrats hurt themselves
why do you hate Christians?  U have shown ur true disdain for Christians. if u are a Christian u can't serve in Gov? apologize publicly!
Sounds like a commie event
Why aren't you in Vermont serving your constituents?
He is fighting for the 99%. #FeelTheBern
Not really, he says a lot of stuff but if you look at his legislation, it is dismal
Is this the part where you shit on @TheDemocrats? Because that's not helping in any fucking way Bernie.
You. Are. A. Fraud.
Senator Sanders, with all due respect, please stop attacking Obama's record, Democrats. You have a reputation for being rigid.We need unity.
Where was your unity when the DNC rigged the primaries against Bernie and those of us who gave our hard-earned money? Too little too late.
That is not important
It's only important when the Hilbots want to come together & sing Kumbayah & pretend Obama didn't bomb the shit out of the ME for 8 years.
#NoThanksIdRather Pay Michael Moore's grocery tab.
What about this horrendous secret health bill by dastardly republicans
Im becoming determined to do my part now ive never been so worried about the Democratic Parties ability to face down the richest among us
Socialism is an I'll defined word. We must redefine terms such as socialism and democracy. The world is different and old rules need updated
Bernie is such a bitter old man. He is not what this country stands for. Vote this dummy out.
People are with your agenda but no one will come with you to support hillary or any other such dem ever.
THINK OF YOUR HEALTH, YOU ARE ALREADY WALKING BENT OVER..GET SOME HELP! YOU HAVE FOLLOWERS..HILLARY HAS CLEAR DOCKET
U hear you are going to run in 2020@ 80 yrs. Old!  Please take some time, YOUR FACE GETS RED EVERY TIME YOU SPEAK
You are a danger to this country.
My family would vote for you in 2020 but not your wife. We need someone with Washington experience. First hand experience only.
I wish you would shut up and go back to Vermont!  You are not a democrat!
You need to quit beating on dems and get in the real fight against a true enemy of the American people. Rethuglicans.
Bernie we have leaders of the dems. You are not one. Sitting there bored like last years convention sucked. Get on the same page with dems
Bernie you are too old and are splitting the Democratic Party. Religious test and socialism will not get us the working middle classes
U don't hav #time or da #nerve 2 #condemn #MuslimTerrorism but hav time 2 put a #religioustest on a #Christian? #Illegal n a damn #fool u r!
Thanks but I have more pressing issues,like pushing splitters under my fingernails. That's a more pleasant thought than anything Bernie.
Every time U work 2 bridge difference U earn respect. Every time U disparage party U destroy it. Pick/choose. Stein/Dems? Can't have both!
if u run in 2020, u need to totally troll trump and have ur slogan be... make America great again.... again
I use to love you. WHAT the hell are you doing??????????????
Do ALL "Western Socialists" get 3 houses? Asking for a friend thanks.
You are sad, you let the democrat party steal the nomination from you, you aren't speaking for the working people your plan is socialist
Bernie your very critical of the democrats, the party why haven't you become one that way you can motivate and be the change you want to see
Periscope would be nice @SenSanders not everyone has a account at Facebook the evil empire .
Resign
As the Democrat party slides into irrelevance, Bernie lets it be known the only acceptable intolerance in his America is against Christians.
But thought bernie is not Christian,  he is jew,  same with soros seems.
Will protest you attack on Christians
Gangs run,rule chicago,under dem rule 50yrs.rahm fish face does Nothing.instead of arresting gangs mayor Closes gun stores cits no defense
I'm on it!
Join bernie,ex sen nina turner at democrat Murder Capital of America,Chicago toughest gun laws,obuma gun free zone Failure.4k blacks killd
A muslim women, black jew & gay aethist walk into a church = welcome

The same 3 ppl walk into a mosque = GTFO
Your attack of  Russell Vough's faith was most inapropriate and biggoted! I am saddend to see that you have truly come unhinged; step down!
Hypocrite. You said “What we should be doing is judge our candidates based on their views, their abilities...not on their religion.”
DEMS have pushed Independents and DEMS to the REP party with all their LIES! I will NEVER vote for a DEM again! DONE
For what to watch you wave your arms around while nothing meaningful flows out of your mouth?
We love & support you Bernie in Tennessee!
No, not joining you. Done w/ you. We need unity, not your showboating. You are not helping any cause but your own.
Senator your tweets seem to be getting buried in my feed when recently you were trending more, like twitter is censoring your followers.
Bernie Hypocrite should join the FORMER senator and become FORMER senator Bernie Hypocrite. Don't forget you mike!
No thanks, white attendance is frowned upon. You're a Jew and Jews love to be enslaved and you are enslaved by the elites...Moses tried
I think t is disgusting that you, Hillary Clinton, and OBAMA  are out there disrespecting Americans.
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/nov/30/donald-trump-george-monbiot-misinformation …
please tell us you will leave the dems alone @ninaturner shameful behavior! Slow and steady is sustainable.  All hands on deck!
unlimited funding for stimulus is easy use solari report and harry markopolos who brought down maddoff juliani find missing trillions ig
Wake up and smell the roses people Bernie is brainwashing you. You know how much he made on his books sales.
So what's the problem with selling books
You are not helping us at all. You continue to cause a split in our party. Either join the party and help defeat the Republicans, or go away
Bernie you're a sad sad man 
U have clearly entered senility. Thank gif u misused your campaign funds to buy a retirement home
We get it. You vape.
#enemy of #America

Enemy of #WeThePeople

Enemy of #ReligiousFreedom
And his face was apolpolectic with hate as he did it... #ReligiousBigotBernie #BernieHateMonger 
Was anything ever done about HC fixing your election results?
JfK abolished the Federal Reserve. JfK stopped invasion of Cuba, made peace w Russia. 
JfK stopped Vietnam. JfK was most hated P
Senator Sanders. What is your line of questioning regarding Christianity and OMB position. You appear to be anti Christian your comments
Oh hell no, you are bigot in the worst form.
@BernieSanders sometimes thinks he has all the answers, right? He bashes the Democratic Party and I find that ridiculous & distasteful.
Not having a fair primary was distasteful. He has only been reasonable and flexible. A pushover? Of course not!
Yeah, not a pushover, but he continues to sound like a broken record! He shld learn to shut the hell up abit.

Christians not welcome!
JOIN YOU?! YOU EMANATE HATE IT SEEPS OUT OF U LIKE BO!!! RELIGIOUS INTOLERANT BIGOT
Communist hypocrite.
We need u in office were loosing all the things that keep us alive can't u stop him
Yeet.
BERNIE2020
No thanks.
you are a very  bad man
How original of you.
Will you denounce Sharia Law in the United States?
PLEASE #RT daily to reach our goal ! https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/appoint-special-prosecutor-investigate-murder-seth-rich-alleged-wikileaks-email-leaker … #SethRich http://sethrich.info       https://twitter.com/KimDotcom/status/868407216419741696 … #DNCfraudLawsuit
Justice for #SethRich > Please sign

https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/appoint-special-prosecutor-investigate-murder-seth-rich-alleged-wikileaks-email-leaker … 
Sanders, the most dangerous man in America politics, the same political agenda as Putin.  He would destroy our country if he had a chance.
Finally, someone says it.
@MichaelScarbrou @SenSanders @ninaturner sounds a lot like Stalin
1. .@SenSanders, you violated the Constitution, the document you SWORE TO UPHOLD, by applying a religious test to Russell Vought.
2. US CONSTITUTION ART VI, PAR III:
"The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the members of the several state legislatures...
... and all executive and judicial officers, both of the United States and of the several states, shall be bound by oath or affirmation...
... to support this Constitution; but NO RELIGIOUS TEST SHALL EVER BE REQUIRED AS A QUALIFICATION...
... TO ANY OFFICE OR PUBLIC TRUST UNDER THE UNITED STATES."
3. The world now sees you for what you really are: a religious bigot and hater of Christians everywhere.
4. We also know about the ongoing FBI investigation of your wife for her multi-million-dollar bank fraud stunt.
5. Is that why you abandoned your supporters and everything you claimed to stand for by endorsing Hillary, who's owned by the millionaes...
Hey Bern, do you ever work in DC for the American people anymore or do you just give speeches for money and your own personal gain!
Wow. Pulling the big names Bernie. Way to stay relevant.
Bernie is now an enemy and is ISIS
Watching Infowars again? Turn it off.
Bernie sucks dude. Lol. You mad?
Why isnt supporting potus an option?
Why do you have to be an obstructionist?
Why are NO OTHER IDEAS BUT YOUR OWN ACCEPTABLE?
Why potus say Australia better Healthcare then create bill opposite? Potus doesn't release taxes! Potus wants Kansas Failed economics 4 USA
Speaking of obstructionists... Did you not see the house and senate obstructionists for last 8 years
What are 'kansas economics"?
Can't wait until I can go see FORMER Senator @BernieSanders live
Bernie your time is almost up.Who killed Seth Rich. Don't be a coward anymore. Who killed Seth Rich.
Can Christians come?
Sorry, but only if you bake a cake.
Geez. A former state senator is the best you could do?
Way to go Barnie Barnical!!! FORWARD! Dialectical Materialism all the way to PURE COMMUNIST UTOPIA!! Way to go Barnie!!!!
Nauseating
I'm on it!
The People's Summit?  Sounds like something that would happen in North Korea. Sure freedom is talked about a lot at that meeting.
Join the religious bigot.
Retire
Why r Bernie, Nina burning Dem Party inside down. Bernie acts more like a friend to Trump and enemy to the Dems? He is an Independent? Shady
Seriously? Bernie is the one who is "shady," not the Dems who are in bed with the corporations and 1%?
Bernie, are you still in the senate? Or are you a traveling salesman?
That'd be one production of Death of a Salesman where I might not be so completely devastated at the end.
What for? We kind of already know your speech. Trump is bad, hate him, and make sure there's a restroom nearby.
Show ten years of tax returns and support for all liberal thinkers including LGBTQ and POC. Start there. All else is pretty world salad.
You're delusional if you think Sanders doesn't stand for minorities
He does not give a dam about a Christian based upon the line of questions for OMB nomination. Republicans. Go 51 votes and  the hell with it
Nope.
Be sure to talk about Venezuela.
#ComradeBernie  Dems a complete disaster no message lmao 
Lol, ok comrade trumper. He and fox said it so it must be true! Oh, there's facts stating it's not? Um, uh, um... fake news! Yeah that's it!
A socialist is a natural bigot, however I will pray for your soul and ask God to forgive you.
how kind of you.
We re passionate about empowering  people. At Lenders Loft Limited we give affordable loan. For details follow us on twitter @lenders_loft
Go away....both of you
No thanks Christian hater Sanders
Senator Sanders, I'm sorry but you are too old to be president. Give it a rest, please. Move on. You were no help in Wyoming special elect.
Wtf this is the stupidest meme ever. Peña Nieto is a corrupt and murderous neoliberal. Age doesn't mean shit.
#peoplesparty2020
No thanks.
Run again Bern! One more shot?
Too old and cranky.  Sick of the angry wagging finger and bashing anyone who is t exactly like him.
Surprising your not at your house on the lake today. What was it $800K . You can drive up to the house in your Linclon  Continental Town car
Great,another speech about whether we should lay down missionary or on our knees.
Trump need to stop arming Al Qaeda& Saudis 

https://twitter.com/davudov_34/status/873789708685496320 … @realDonaldTrump @JZarif @Pontifex @EmmanuelMacron @realDonaldTrump
Saudi Arabia ditching Qatar over terrorism is like McDonalds accusing Burger King of selling junk
 @IntheNow_tweet  

No difference btwn Isis and #AlQaeda linked #Fsa

@sahouraxo @Partisangirl @UN
Second that
@OmiNomi_
I sure will .. but let me check the TV first to make sure I'm not missing someone testifying against #Trump.
Promoting Hate and Division...............Nooooooooooo
Why???   It's really hot outside today ...don't need any more hot air!!
But Bernie, today's E3. I need to watch those wrist rockets first.
Nah
Will do!!
