we're broke as a country, we can't but everyone medical care. Change hurts, but we'll come out better on the other side
We're broke?

Then stop giving tax cuts to corporation and stop funding the military at half a trillion a year.
JOBS are better than welfare to gain healthcare. Cutting corp taxes ALSO gives SMALL business owners more $ for HC 4 selves, employees.
Supply side (Trickle down) economics doesn't work
Kansas tried and went bankrupt
State congress voted then overruled Governor to raise taxes
1 state proves NOTHING.Every other GOP state but LA is sound fiscal http://shape.Tax  cuts CAN, have stimulated economy,fiscal status.
Reagan and bush destroying out economy proved it. Trickle down economics is like climate change hoax or Holocaust denial arguments. No merit
WRONG!!Reagan recovered a Carter catastrophe! Short recession, then economy boomed. Kennedy tax cuts produced huge boom!Yes, Bush NOT good!
2/ and it sure as hell doesn't trickle down to help those who need it.
Bernie, you are such a liar. There are no plans to cut Medicaid for disabled folks and you know it!  The cuts are for the able bodied
My child is diagnosed with several conditions & requires medication costing over $350 per month, but is "able bodied." How about him?
Sorry for the things you're going through. Able bodies ppl who are able to work should pay their own way. Those who can't should get help
You think this administration is going to care that I have heart failure, Hashimoto's Disease, chronic back pain, etc, when the government -
- refuses to recognize that I'm disabled? You think I'm going to get the help I need when they don't see that "disabled" box checked?
Not unless a doctor says you're disabled
My half a dozen doctors know all about my chronic conditions, and I've been denied anyway. But since your one relative had their one -
Chronic conditions don't make you disabled. I have rheumatoid arthritus, but I work every single day.
PHONY!! ACA ROBBING Medicare to give $ to non disabled , non elderly! Repeal wants to PROTECT Medicare, improve healthcare affordability!
People w/ disabilities stand2lose the most&it's absolutely shameful2take vital srvcs from those who did NOT chose2B born w/such conditions &
You are being misled by Mr. Sanders. This person qualifies in the exceptions raise and will not have services removed.
I hope your right, although locally I know of a woman w/a severely autistic child who will no longer be receiving therapy due2cuts
Erykiah's medicaids will not be cut.  Able people chose not to work to receive welfare, food stamps, medicaids, will get a job.
Tell to get off that chair and get some excercise. Get a Job. Eat some vegetable and fruits
Then you should have tried to stop Obamacare from putting people on Medicaid that didn't qualify
The president isn't going to listen to anybody. His attention span isn't long enough
Honestly our best hope is that he resigns. There may actually be hope.
Well America stand up to this dictator?
R u talking about senator BS? I'm against him already. Only a lunatic will follow sen. BS.
My guess is that this lady may have Cerebral Palsy.  This is usually a disability that happens at birth.  She needs her health care.
Bernie, Obamacare didn't mind taking my insurance. Me,my wife and two young children. Thanks for standing up for me.
No,    how evil a man to give the rich more by taking it from the helpless ones
He does not care, we have called tweeted marched written & he just plain doesn't care-not 1 GOP has a conscience or morals. They care abt $$
But you know her benefits would not be cut so this message is just an attempt to deceive the public. Maybe tell the truth from time to time.
Yes
What IS a good idea is letting the free-market take over. Then women like her could actually afford the care she needs. Also, less tax. 
He doesn't care
Her Medicaid will be fine. It's all the able body people who don't work or don't want to pay for health care those are the ones in trouble.
Which one of your three houses did you send this tweet from Comrade Burnie?
And this is pertinent to the conversation how?
Just asking a legit question out of curiosity.
Perhaps make a Reddit post about it and talk about it there, instead of on a discussion of a different topics
@potus turning it back over to the states to cover. Which scares most #dem states like #California/ #NewYork. Which have no money. So ask...
The states why they will drop people. Most #resist states can't afford to protect their own people and want the feds to cover. Why?
Due to Obamacare,my family policy went fr $556/mo to $1660/mo for less coverage,higher deductible/co-pay/co-insur. Mirriors 10's of millions
That's pretty cheap. In 2010 after becoming disabled & waiting for Medicare I had to pay $800 a month just for myself.
Because pre-Obamacare I had the ability to buy across state lines & owned a home in Fl
Nobody said a specific person's medicaid would be cut... it's about eliminating fraud and abuse of the system and you know it.
Mr Sanders, that is a wasted appeal. Better to address the poor Trumo voter in a way they can understand.
He does not care. We all know this
@SenSanders trump doesn't care, she's disabled & he mocks the disabled, remember?
You must know that he cares nothing about this lady or her situation, right?
She is not white - so he does not care
Bernie, Bernie. People with disabilities automatically get MEDICARE. Medicaid only covers their co-pay. Stop using the gullible.
Like the billions obama took to create obummercare?
Get a job
Mr. Sanders, plenty states already have no insurance carriers under Obamacare.  Do you really think staying with Obamacare is a good idea?
If she tryuly is warranted to need medicaid then she will get medicaid, no question . DUH!
W/o watching it..Good #message #invalid #recipient.. #trumpforprison gives a sh*t about her! #orangefacecombover is WELL #aware #consequence
Yes it's a good idea - if you think we should punish people for not being rich, which clearly the case for so-called "Republicans"...
We need our help! If they cut it, it sends a message that they all want us to go off and die!That they don't care about us at all.
Trump shows the same compassion as Adolph Hitler. Trump will probably advocate an euthanasia program for handicapped people & veterans.
Senator, all respect, but trump doesn't care aboot stories. Hit him where he cares - his wallet. How does he stand to lose money?
Trumpcare is a lesson our Lord taught the rich man in Luke 16:19-31. Christians should pray for the souls of the GOP!
Why don't you adress this? @realDonaldTrump
I guess disability is a great excuse for some hanging out in the park listening to their podcasts. There are plenty of gov programs for them
Dont show this crap. Ppl who need and deserve it will have it. You are preying old man. Shame on you.
Wow. What a new low @SenSanders . Trotting out this poor lady to push your agenda. You should be ashamed.
They don't give a shit about us Take their healthcare away until every American has healthcare
this make me cry Cuzz its so bad !! And they need help Like we Can see they cant do ish! Help em god and god help you amen!
How about YOU pay for it since you own 3 homes??? 
Trump doesn't care about poor people
The Orange Clown only cares about himself and his billionaire buddies.
Trump doesn't care. It's all about white supremacy.
She's black and disabled - what makes you think @realDonaldTrump would be remotely interested in her?
We all need to continue to fight for people who need Medicare.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3SKXQeD_nOs&sns=tw … via @youtube @realDonaldTrump American Voters Believed U - U Said Wouldn't Cut #Medicaid and Voted 4 U
How did they. Not know he is a liar. He was Fact checked everyday. I don't feel bad for his voters.
I do NOT want Medicaid to get cut, I have a mental disability and it is SEVERELY tough to AFFORD the medications i need to PROPERLY LIVE
Do you really think he cares?
Trump has a heart of gold (solid and cold).
So we need to support her Why don't you take her home to one of your nice houses. Explain that one to your old lady poor poor me
This man (Trump) is
I'm also disabled & need the same services to help me be as independent as possible.@realDonaldTrump You are to weak to survive what we live
but elected Republican friends think Capitalism will make her more competitive and more productive in society. elected Republican hate-based
They are not cutting Medicare! Why the dishonesty and hysteria ?
He don't care are you kidding me.
What u want to express
Narcissists have a lack of empathy. Everyone  in the GOP needs to acknowledge that.
Not a good idea. Please don't.
Please remember the disabled reporter. Don't tempt him. Please.
Our president wants 2 restore the natural balance to society! People like @SenSanders oppose letting poor starve,while pouring $ into rich!
You had your chance and you gave it up to criminal liar hillary.  Time for you to retire you are part of the problem
Fools like you want #Medicaid for everyone. It's only for people like this one here. She won't be losing it and YOU know this. #Stupid
And the working class gets nothing covered until they pay thousands. We are sick of it. Bernie you pay their premiums. Hard workers cant
Mr sanders listen to the stories of those that are being raped by insurance premiums and deductibles because they pay for that person too.
Quit spreading this shit! He not taking it away from people like this the dead beats that won't work that can!
Trump doesn't care.
He doesn't care because Erykiah isn't white.
We need to round up thousands of citizens to fill Capitol Hill and educate these rich
He's not voting.
He don't care about us and the harm it will do he's a selfish heartless jerk
He don't care about us and the harm it will do he's a selfish heartless jerk

Troll alert. Blocking at cholland 2000.
She's a black, disabled woman ...he doesn't give a crap!
Bless that Sister. Evil will not prevail! It's how we treat the least among us as we do unto others as we would have them do to us.
I love your compassion and how you understand the consequences of leadership
America deserves leadership that always looks for a win-win considering everybody
Bernie, Trump does not give a s___! He´s thinking evolution. He who has shall survive. Get the picture??
The gop and trump don't think about anything, but their tax cuts. They're absolutely soulless.
Yes he does. You're trying to throw a blanket on a single legit issue to excuse the 99% of people who don't deserve it! You're pathetic!
Way to pander to the voters. Stick to fhe real issues. We need to care for these people and restrict it from those who abuse the system.
We have to draw the line somewhere. Stop pretending to care @BernieSanders to little to late
why are we paying for Medicaid for people this young it should for retirees, young people should get obamacare
He may be too busy fitting a new dress and shade of lipstick on the pig that will soon reappear as his "repeal and replace" health care.
Why don't U TAKE YOUR money..like the $10million missing from your campaign & the MATCHED RETIREMENT U GET...help pay the debt u helped make
If she's on disability, she's on Medicare. Bernie, what about all those able-bodied adults w/o children who are mooching off the taxpayers?
Stop with the fake news.  You should be ashamed.
Why don't you sell one of your many mansions and help AMERICA OUT! You make me sick. You're so high and mighty BUT YOU ARE NO GOOD FOR USA.
Trumps cutting her Medicade? Missed the memo. Just let her stay in your third home
It's President Trump, show respect.
We're going to do even better than saving #Medicaid. We're going to expand an improved #MedicareForALL #HR676 #UnitedStatesOfAmerica #USA 
@realDonaldTrump doesnt @BLM like people remember campaign GOOD OLE DAYS-Slap,push,punch,carry on stretchers (13th)!
Hey Bernie, stop inciting gun violence in our nation.. You should clean your own house before condemning dust in someone else. 
It's our social & ethical duty to take care of the disabled. Cut Medicaid of those able bodied lazy inner city D-voters. Just a thought.
Who made cuts to medicaid? Republicans don't have an insurance bill and obamacare continues into 2018
In a LEGISLATIVE CLASS WAR YES
*President
BERNIE YOU HAVE MONEY PAY ERYKIAH'S MEDICAID.????
How can these mean Republicans sleep at night? A person without feeling is nothing more than, What?
What are you talking about. There are no plans to cut Medicaid for disabled. Why do you let the left use you?
Are you sure you have the information correct I really don't think so!
But you want to charge her more for a gallon of gas you want to charge her more to fill up her refrigerator how can you live with yourself
Dispicable man do you think is a good example putting an over dragged person to make a point?You are sick!!
You and Bob Casey are running the same story.Different actors.Senator Sellout why are you not putting a thoughtful counter proposal forward?
He doesn't care, & he has No heart
@realDonaldTrump Keep her Medicaid, but cut waaay down on her food budget
She needs medicaid wheelchair parts, but I think her bluetooth headphone is nicer than mine.
But it's OK to raise premiums on the middle class to pay for her health care with a subsidy?! Or make the deductible from 500 to 6750? F U!
Trump and most of the GOP seem to be able to watch a video like this and not get that this disabled woman has more humanity than them!
Sadly, pretty sure old @POTUS ain't gonna care about her or her welfare until her melanin levels drastically reduce. :(
No but he will not cut services
Shame on you BS. More pandering. You'd throw her under a bus for a beach home.
Trump's daughter needed funding for a business, done at snap of fingers. Medicaid needed for lives worth living/GOP wants cuts. Priorities?
It would be a horrific idea.
Trump would need the ability to feel concern for anyone outside of his small circle of bandits.
President Trump
Taxes are immoral. When is enough welfare enough.
Why don't you let her live in your third house?
Liar!
Let us stop trying....he doesn't care.  We just need to get him and his insane clown posse out of the white house.
AHCA + Medicaid cuts will kill people, and I might be one of them. Keep fighting!
Please keep raising awareness for the cause. Medicaid doesn't cover my treatment, but I can't switch because I have a preexisting condition.
He only cares about his money. This man is not capable of running our country #crazy
Why don't your wife steal some more money from a university?
He doesn't care about her or anyone else unless they are the top 2%  that's all he cares about
fearmonger.  Why don't you use your platform to tell her story so we can all provide her charity?
@lisamurkowski you made history your bravery made the VP have to break a tie your bravery is needed now! I know many of you don't want this!
You're a trip Sanders!  That's like Barry bringing up a 10 yo to stand up there while signing in HealthCare in 2010 that destroyed all ins.
Perhaps you should open your wallet for the 23 million. If I remember right Obamacare was pushed through the same way.
No tax payer money in it for him.  Of course the crook doesn't care
I think cutting off some of her junk food would be more beneficial
@GOP @HouseGOP ITS SICKENING TO MOST AMERICANS EVERY TIME YOU HEAR ONE SIDED REMARKS FROM GOP-DISREGARDING MILLIONS WHO BENEFITED FROM ACA
>help us be independent as possible
>on government handouts
Wot
Thank you for calling him Mr Trump. 
Donate your money Bernie.
His only concern is tax cuts for the wealthy & he & his family would benefit greay
That's how we got here Senator.
Do you really think that allowing the Democrats to steal the primary unchallenged and then supporting them is the right thing?
The state will pick up the cost. Stop with all the fear.
Only disabled people who can't work because of disability should qualify for Medicade and welfare. Then we could help. Not freeloaders.
Yes. Kill Medicaid
You are a rich socialist that has no business being in politics.
Shut up old man.
SENATOR SANDERS THE PRESIDENT WILL LISTEN AND PROBABLY DO SO!
SENATOR SANDERS PRESIDENT TRUMP IS A MAN WHO CAN BE REASONED WITH; IM SURE IF YOU CAN POINT OUT OTHER PLACES ;THAT CAN BE CUT INSTEAD ;HE++
Why don't you listen to stories on how Obama care has hurt more people than it has helped.
There are so many people in just the same situation! Thank you for standing with the disabled.
option "obamacare" people cannot get coverage. All problems and no solutions...26 Years Bern and u fixed NOTHING JUST SHUT UP
Sorry Bernie. It's the way of capitalism works in USA .
Let's see Obamcare stole over $700Bil from medicare and nobody (Bernie) cared
Learn to Love Again @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @washingtonpost @maddow
Bernie you know he doesn't give a crap. More criticism of the Democratic Leadership please. Make them say it! Single Payer!
I'm betting you are not going to be paying
Pre Obamacare my husband was sick and couldn't afford going to the doctor...he died because of no Healthcare.  I support Obamacare.
Never give up Mr Sanders You are the real deal Had I known you my vote would have been yours Keep up the truth We are listening
He can't be bothered. Too busy tweeting about fake polls and fake numbers. What a guy.
The fact is before Obamacare people were still being treated when sick or ill & if repealed they will still be treated. Ur a liar & fraud!
