You will be paid ???? And keep your jobs !!!
Pathetic lies!!!!
Hey Bernie, will you retire, already !
U r on Medicare, sir. Everyone who works, like u once did, should have those benefits & not have 2 pay out of your ass to b healthy.
Look at the health care in the Netherlands, based on solidarity. You pay a certain amount every month, then all get the care they need
Thanks for sticking your nose in our business.
Thanks, you are very polite....
Most Nurse's support this idea as do public health professionals
Well that's BS!
Well, that's a lie
Thank you @SenSanders for you unending fights for the voiceless and those in great need. #MedicareForAll #StillSanders
I yell bullshit to that. Give me names of doctors who said that. We know more than anyone how inefficient/horrendous govt managed programs
Remember when you said one-payer system would bankrupt the nation? What changed? Hypocrite.
Ultimately, the only way Americans achieve affordable health care is to remove the unnecessary "for profit" middleman, aka the insurance co.
How does replacing one middleman with another (govt) solve anything?
Insurance companies answer to shareholders and have to make a profit. Government administration would be non profit. Medicare works.
Really?  Profit drives efficiency; tell me why so many doctors are refusing new Medicare customers.
Run a parallel public option and see how fast pvt ins. premiums fall. Let ppl make their own choice. Plenty of docs accept medicare ins. 2
Let's see the govt do it without tax payer dollars and printing money.If u want lower premiums then u need competition, not govt monopoly.
A public option lets ppl make their own choice. I lived through the free market ins system before ACA. I don't ever want to go back to that.
Really?  And what was wrong with it?  What was good about the ACA considering the premium spikes?
Is that why they double book and keep the prescriptions flowing to let addicts get more addicted?
Double booking happens because insurances pay half what It costs to keep employees paid and electricity on.
Well perhaps they should not build all these fancy offices and concentrate on medicine and patients
Yep having electricity is fancy
WHERE ARE YOUR TAXES @SenSanders???
Great idea  Love it!!!  @SenSanders @SenGillibrand @SenSchumer  @RepPaulTonko
Worth nothing that BEFORE passage of the ACA, 63% of Doctors supported a public option.
#MedicareforAll We Love it! And We Respect and Love you For fighting for it! Salute!!! @SenSanders #HR676
I am a doctor. I am sick and tired of your ignorant, divisive BS.
ignorant? divisive? i think youve got it all wrong!
Yes and yes. He has no idea what he's talking about, his ideas are stupid, and he wants only attention.
err? doctor or no doctor i think your comment is  ridiculous and unfounded. im actually worried your account might have been hacked 
Not hacked. I just happen to know what I'm talking about.
You don't know what you are talking about. Period
Mkay.
I am for national healthcare but I gotta admit the thought of the federal gov't running it is scary
So true. Good thing is Medicare has good track record and if program expanded to include more people maybe we're not reinventing the wheel.

Working Americans pay taxes for Medicare, VA and Medicaid and STILL have to buy private insurance!! Let's pay once and get more.
If that is true you don't have to worry about thousands of doctors going Galt. They will.
Let's fix the VA hospitals before we try to make everyone go there.
Mr Sanders do you meaning the same Doctors that have been raping Madicare for over twenty years. Medicare lost over 57M to fraudulent claims
So these so called doctors want to turn our superior healthcare system into Division of Motor Vehicles (DMV). Arrest #BankFraudBernie #tcot
We currently have 47th worse healthcare system in the world and the 7th highest infant death mortality. Get a clue.
Rubbish! Australia's healthcare is a joke with extended wait times to see doctors & even long time for procedures. Population 23 million!
are you for real? in the U.S. while waiting for an answer from a doc and an appt my father died. the U.S. has extended wait times
Sorry for your loss & don't deny your father's circumstance! But you talk Rubbish!
The U.S. already had extended wait times. I just waited 2 months for knee surgery.
One, 2 months for knee surgery, compare that to any single payer country mentioned. Two, you are talking about a RISKY third world country
Welfare for all is the same as Medicare for all
not even close.
Explain?
I as a physician do not want a "solution" that creates an impossible set of regulations, oppresses moral providers and prevents good care.
Its not gonna pass Repub Congress & how will it be paid for?
So you don't want to be able to just walk into a doctor's office and get treatment? gotcha.
Are you allowed to opt out of 54% of your taxes going to the war machine? Cause I don't want my taxes paying to kill poor people overseas.
what are you talking about? We're talking taxes.
& I am not game, but I still have to contribute 54% to your military profiteers, so you can bleepin contribute so people can get healthcare!
I know you want it income based but we have that now with the ACA...Please look at doing a "FEDERAL SALES TAX NATIONWIDE ON ALL GOOD & SERVICES" INSTEAD. 1-5% on EVERYTHING! It could go into 1 account and out again to pay for EVERYONE!!
keep pushing universal health care for all
How many hospitals and special interest are wanting them out of the picture now.
Will I be able to keep my own insurance if I like it?

Yes/no?
No. Instead you will get better insurance
there won't be any insurance at all.
You will get much better coverage than under current plans.
that's for damn sure. Just had knee surgery have a cadillac plan and still came out of pocket $4K
Yep. No co-payments and deductibles is huge.
If Bernie's bill gets passed, it will be perhaps the best healthcare plan in world. Everything from eye vision care, dental, essential care,
Abortions, mental health, etc will be covered.
Two answers. Yes. And no in that order. Government can screw up a wet dream. They've ALREADY done it with health care.
U do have a point the govnt seems to muck everything up
who's going to pay for it? Medicare health was set up for people that pay into the system all their working lives. Did you got get that?
Right now I pay Medicare taxes AND insurance premiums. And copays. Let's streamline!
So did and does all working people! The Medicare sysytem was set up for NOT FOE PEOPLE THAT NEVER WORK PR PUR INTO THE SYSTEM!
I think you are making a major mistake by branding this Medicare for all. A lot of people have sour views or Medicaid and Medicare.
#SinglePayerNow
Hey I'd like to see it happen. Just want to help.
