The telecom industry and their friends, like @AjitPaiFCC, want to allow corporations like Comcast, AT&T & Verizon to control content online.
It's time to fight @AjitPaiFCC's attempt to auction off the internet to the highest corporate bidder. Comment here:
Socialism extends its greedy hand to the world of bandwidth.
That's a weird way to spell Capitalism.
Selective corporate #censorship on major net platforms, e.g. Twitter prominent anti-Islamists #banned #NetNeutrality
UK Twitter #censorship real: Shazia Hobbs suspended / banned for truth #FGM #ExMuslim #Sharia thread @HajjiExMuslim https://mobile.twitter.com/finite_planet/status/910441569546891264 …

I  love you  Bernie .for whom you are
Don't let the Right trample on our constitution!
By the Way, there is HOPE!!!
It's about FUCKN TIME ! GET HIM & ALL HIS PARTY OUT & THE VICE-PRESIDENT also , HE is just to blame
No he's not, the mess this country is in and the attitude has been there LONG before Trump was elected.
Ya right Trump  screwed up r country in 6 months!  I can't believe he is still in office it makes me sick
Wow what a planet are you from.  This country has been totally screwed up fot years,  D
as long as google is running things....that's just another pipe dream....
Exactly Right. The #Democrats (used to be) agents of breaking #Corporate #monopolies : now they just take political donations from them.
You know that's not true. Net Neutrality gives more control to gov't and it's hanger ons - technocratic control = less freedom
The way the internet is right mow, ehat is wrong or bad with it? Not shutr how killing net neutrality will help the everyday user?
BUT companies charge you EXTRA for making slow reception faster; access that's free right now #NOchangestoNetNeutrality
No it doesn't. It means equal access with equal speed. No throttling back no matter who you are.
A little over two decades too late for that.
What do you have against corporations? Do you prefer LLCs?
Let's not forget that private industry built all the infrastructure and assumed all the risk.
Give me a break....SMH
you really should do some research on George Sorros.
Because gov't regulation works so well in other industries, right?
So you support legalizing child labor?
Just like you support the DEA
Since you're making sweeping generalizations.  But hey, I'm sure you're in full support of the FDA and the stellar job they do
The FDA that makes sure our food is safe? I mean they are nowhere near perfect but EFFICIENT, EFFECTIVE regulation is good for capitalism.
Never said "no regulation."  Clearly some think the gov't should regulate everything.  My internet is not improved with gov't regulation.
So you think Comcast and Verizon should be able to charge more to get certain sites? They have monopolies, need to be checked by government
Just retire Bernie. It's partially your cults fault we are in this position.
Yeah, coz bernie set up a treacherous appt with an adversarial country. cry me a river, dope
So you're a "never Hillary" a-hole?  If so, you're also to blame for the situation our country is in.
I voted for Hillary,not-your business, tho.I just don't see in light of everything  that's going on NOW,how any 1 can single him out Now.
If it were not for the Bernie cultists who did not vote for Hillary,This joke of a President would never have been elected.He fed the flames
So you're gonna blame the people for voting for Bernie instead of the people that voted for trump? My god.
Yes. Both are too blame. But  Bernie's cult splt the Dem vote.
Not really, it was the electoral college
What about free from  government control, censorship or intervention?
He's talking about stopping CORPORATE control, censorship, & intervention. Once corporations seize power, we cannot "vote them out."
The profit motive drives all businesses--be they large or small. I was unaware of any corporate will to power. New 2 me
Corporations have been aggressively seizing control of US gov't 4 over 50 years.There r countless resources available that explain in depth
The business of America is business.
If what u say is true, America is neither a Republic or a Democracy. I'm not ok with that.
Do you think we could be headed toward Oligarchy?
We're already there.
wait, does this mean everyone has to watch CNN?
Socialist rant means nothing to any other than the extremely Stupid. Bank Fraud & Disappearance of campaign funds speaks for itself.
Nice sources
No. That's not what it means. Just because proponents named it "neutrality" doesn't mean you should buy that is really neutral.
Small business was competing on the open Internet long before Obama's net neutrality regulations.
No that's not what Net Neutrality means.  NN is a government takeover and regulation of the internet. #WakeUpAmerica
Umm what?
Um...what part of that don't you understand?  Do you have any idea what's going on with net neutrality and the US government?
How do you recommend we get #NetNeutrality? Is it Title II or something else? What's the else?
We have it, as it is currently Title II, but the new head of the FCC wants to repeal that decision
See, I'm not sure the reality of it is as simple as Title II vs. not. I think a case could be made for #NetNeutrality with new legislation.
How about free from govt control? I don't fear freedom; I fear politicians who think they know better than the marketplace
Do you think electric utilities should be regulated? Are antitrust laws good or bad for the marketplace?
Anti trust laws? well intentioned. Except in almost every case they've been used by the Feds to stifle competition, not expand it.
Studied this extensively in college.
They stifle competition so we don't have 20 different gas lines and electrical wires in each location.  Hence the regulation.
How do you figure internet is different?
Net Neutrality means we all have crappy internet and no innovation
That's the exact opposite of what it means.
Sociolism for the internet!  If everyone gets same speed, what motivation do companies have to improve speed
It's not that everyone gets the same speed. Just that ISPs can't discriminate against certain traffic.
I'd never thought I'd agree with you on anything. But I agree with you on this #corporatethugs
You probably agree with him on a lot more than you think.
Not at all.. I'm Bernie educated, this is the only thing I agree with on. Maybe he'll surprise me with something in the future #imgud 
Out of curiosity, where do you fall on the political spectrum?
I lean conservative #Constitution
He has some overlap with libertarians when it comes to things like the Patriot Act, Audit the Fed, etc.
Selective corporate #censorship on major net platforms, e.g. Twitter prominent anti-Islamists #banned #NetNeutrality
UK Twitter #censorship real: Shazia Hobbs suspended / banned for truth #FGM #ExMuslim #Sharia thread @HajjiExMuslim https://mobile.twitter.com/finite_planet/status/910441569546891264 …
Also means larger web companies, who favor net neutrality, don't have to pay more money for more traffic. I thought you were about fairness?
That's not how it works
Doesn't it make ISP treat all companies identical? Including fixing prices. Gov't needs to stay out.
I sent FCC a letter asking them to keep Net Neutrality.
So u want the government in charge of the internet?? So they can censor It? Real smart.
That is not what Net Neutrality does. What it does is it regulates it as a public utility. And the gov can already censor it.
What happened when phone company was broken up?? Free mrkt went to work and cheaper, better service resulted.
How does that relate to Net Neutrality?
Ok, u tell me exactly what Net Neutrality does and I will explain my reasoning. Go!
Net Neutrality prevents ISPs from charging websites and people different rates for service, or by speeding up or slowing down connections.
And who will be in charge of this?
Thank you Bernie for being the hero you are
I'm from overseas, but what's is the definition of a "hero" lately?
apparently telling people hes going to make everything free and take all the money away from wealthy ppl and redistibute it bcuz #communism
America can use a little redistribution of wealth don't you think?
U mean the Gov't stealing others hard earned money? You could had phrased it better. Equality of opportunity & of means, not of outcomes!
That is NOT what it means. It means a provider cannot favor one form of traffic over another.
You just reworded what he said
he says access.  net neutrality has nothing to do with access.  just speed and bandwidth.  comcast could favor netflix over amazon, as an ex
Not at all. His statement is misleading. Slow doesn't mean available
They never have, you want to know why? Net neutrality.
Not true. No go business reason to block. Net neutrality did not preceded massive internet use
The internet is so far from neutral you have to be joking. The big controllers are Wikipedia, Google, Facebook etc all very leftwing.
U &Trump should  be working together a dynamic duo man
So its communism for ISP. Yeah that sounds disgusting.

Yes Bernie, the old one shoe fits all approach which never works.  Idea used by the telephone companies, remember telephone companies.
Well @BernieSanders  is you think we need net neutrality than you agree its all fake news out there

Freedom of information act apply?
Get rid of #45 he's an idiot
Just govt control.  So much worse..
How is it government control? Net neutrality just keeps ISPs from manipulating the internet.
And instead puts it into government control? Completely genius.
Our entire system is based on inequality, of course corporations want to extend this to Internet access.
And....?
I am still very upset about the Supreme Court's ruling over Aereon television.
Don't tell me that it wasn't about corporate control, because it was indeed everything about television and internet corporate control!
I'd like to welcome you to block chain technology. The internet of the future cant be bought.
you need to deal with health care for all
F,or corporations to control the Internet, they have to own all the billions of computers around the world. We can fight this!!
Like everyone has the same access to information in Cuba, China, Venezuela and other Socialist countries?
You know you want to take over the Internet Bernie. Stop lying you scam artist
Not same information.  Content neutral.  I would love to write the code if it isn't.  Rush Limbaugh runs a little slow with some lost data
fine...
Sounds communist.  Can you reword it?
Hell yeah keep the ISPs out of my internet traffic!
FCC Mailing Address:
No, it means gov't control which means if they don't like something on the internet it gets supressed.
It means internet providers can throttle speeds according to their whims, which means if THEY don't like something, it gets suppressed.
Who is more likely to do that, honestly?
That is not what it means Bernie.
The Party will control all access to information in BERNIE's Brave New World
No sir, NetNeutrality is a scheme to add gov't where it wasn't needed. If you like your internet you can keep your internet?
Agreed!!!
What corporations Don't already control US internet service?
If the oligarchy takes net neutrality down, we can kiss what little democracy we have left goodbye. Revolution time!
You actually could have possibly won Hillary crooked Clinton ruined it for the dems way to go #loserhilloryclinton
So government control is better than corporate control? No thanks!
Hey, we don't care what Bernie thinks.  Go move to Venezuela!
Corruption has had the same effect in Venezuela as it has here, it's not a "socialism" issue.
U r clearly mistaken. Look at all the countries with socialism.   It doesn't work, and, yes, I agree, corruption doesn't help no matter what
Their struggle is b/c of corruption, not b/c "socialism".
Plus some good old American political strong-arm pushing them into financial chaos
Title 2 of the Communication Act is the Regulations on Carriers! Remove that will let ISP do whatever they want to do
Thank you for fighting the good fight every single day 
Defend #NetNeutrality @JeremyCorbyn @BernieSanders @SenSanders
Defend #NetNeutrality @JeremyCorbyn @BernieSanders @SenSanders
Seems like common sense to have net neutrality, but leave it to the corporations to try and rip us off.  Keep fighting Bernie!
Yeah free for isis...loser
Lies
Freedom of speech cannot exist on the internet without net-neutrality. The internet must become a right, as it is in Finland. #1stAmendment
Who comes up with these God-awful terms on the libs side? Why not sm self-explanatory like "Internet Freedom". Who the F is our Frank Luntz?
That is a whole lot better than being under government control!
This is one of the huge problems of present times.  Truly, for the education and informed populous we need that Net Neutrality win
...and under government control. I'll take the free enterprise solution, thankmyou
Can't anything be free of corporate greed?
Evythg that is significant is controlled by large corps what is going to stop corps fr controlling the internet when corps control the govt?
I mistrust government, more than citizen staffed corporations. The DC Circus is an example of control by politicians opposed to outsiders.
With Net Neutrality, you'll have not only freedom of the press from internet news outlets, but freedom of information.
I support NET NEUTRALITY. DONT LET THE CORPORATIONS win!
Republicans control the media why would they allow free access online? That's Crazy Bernie! GOP logic destroy net neutrality.
You are the real voice of the young generation around the world. Your addressing real problems in #capitalistsystem. it should be changed
Except when the Government hides videos they find offensive
Without "Net neutrality" we wouldn't be able to discuss this online because isp's could filter what you would see
Thank you, @SenSanders 
Please don't give them control of the internet too!!
I think Bernie should of been president. I hope he and other Democrats continue to protect us against the Trump administration.
Net neutrality means government control. Screw that.
No no no.  That's not what it means at all.  Good try though, old man.
I can't believe this is a argument we are still having. The government should help keep the internet free to everyone.
Get em Bernie!!
then why did you let corporations build it?
No, it doesn't:
Each internet customer pays for different network speeds. There's fast and slow lanes. It feels like network neutrality isn't real.
Big pharma control ... look at all thr ads on tv.
Tech giants already control the content that you see. You are completely blind if you don't realise that even Twitter controls what u see.
No. I've been paying for better speeds for years now. The richest companies in the world should pay their fair share.
We would be in good shape right now if you were elected president
So you'd rather it be in government control like China and North Korea?
How about addressing ISP monopolies? All I hear is crickets!!!
I respect you hugely but it's a bit more complicated than that
who will listen to us? really, who to contact?
Free from corporate control, yet under government and bureaucratic control. Which is more harmful to citizens?
Corporate. Look at China.
Net neutrality means Government Control! Bernie. You know that! That's what you really want.
Corporate control. The ISP put millions into the government to have control.
But under government control... under corrupt, bribe taki mg, university money stealing @SenSanders control? No thank you #ivorytowerelitist
Yet the mainstream offers biased information and is under ....  corporate control.

End the regulatory overreach from Washington
Like everything that comes from DC The name and idea of the legislation seem good but have nothing to do with the actual laws or regulation
Well Socialcrap something we can agree on! GBA<><
Yeah. It then people like HRC and the DNC wouldn't be able to do so much underhanded corruption on the net like they have done Bernie
& as expected the right buys the propaganda from the corps.. our Internet is just fine as it it, why fuck with something that works?
Oh that's right, more profits & control over the masses.. can't have people spreading facts through the Internetz..
What are the chances under Trumpdy Dumpty admin? No focus on even protection from hacking and other cyber crimes currently. Illegal election
Too late #BankFraudBernie
google does a go job controlling the internet
#netnuetrality is very important to me thank you Senator Sanders! 
Impeach Trump, you hit the Rock
Why would anyone allow control to corporations
Because they're shills, idiots, or because it's their guy in charge and he can do no wrong
Bull crap
About time Google and Facebook paid taxes. Paid for ad placements under journalists work and stop piggybacking bloggers. That'll help!!
I can't believe these minions of the 1% are still trying to ram this BS down our throats.
and decreases quality and value. This is the same regular bullcrap logic that spawned Obamacare and look how well that turned out. 
We already know what this sort of pay-to-play nonsense gets us. See: American Healthcare System
"Net neutrality" means the government yet again enforcing another one size fits all policy on the free market that skyrockets costs
@RoshanAjitKumar omg you're against net neutrality also? 
I agree with his point of the government dictating how a 'for profit' entity should be run. I am all for net neutrality not gov interference
It was aptly put in the top reply here on Quora https://www.quora.com/Is-Net-Neutrality-a-good-idea-or-a-bad-idea …
A scholarly quora article. Defo no cliches there. Ok second answer yeah?
Yep, I like the second one too. Its a good debate to have, with the more of a grey area approach (again a cliché statement) 
Thanks for the clarity.

Ewwwwww........ it honestly did
Let's keep it that way.
yes please
Shake you didn't remain free from corporate controlhuh
Like north Korea and China!
Speaking of remaining free ..how's that scandal coming along with your wife...is she going to get some time???

Well, let's not rush to judgment Bernie 
Politically biased search results already happen on all the major search engines.
WHY SHOULD ANYBODY CONTROL INTERNET.  I WILL PRAY FOR ALL TO DIE BEFORE I LET DICTATORSHIP TOTALITARIANISM FACISM NAZISM HERE.
Thank you captain oblivious
Due to the server farms being used as middlemen for "international" messages there WILL be a GLOBAL backlash if Neutrality is not upheld.

That's like pulling yo teeth without a dentist. The president is tryin too control that now. We just need too protest before it happens.
YEAH!
I don't think what you are saying about this is reality,  Bernie.
I agree Bernie Sanders
Lol when Liberals and "Democratic Socialists" start talking about the Constitution. Haha. No really. It's amusing.
God bless u Bernie. Even if i am not american & am not affected by the wrong changes made by ur current administration, i feel u. #human
please save us comrade sanders
@OffredPence  just Go and make ur own F ing Party  with Nina Turner  Sarandon and Linda Sarsour!!!
@AjitPaiFCC get a clue.
This is one of the very few issues I agree with you on.
Hundreds of thousands of people will die if we end #netneutrality
Qualifying Day.
I'm on the ballot.
New Orleans City Council District B.
Action Andre 

Our Revolution NOLA!

My limitless love to you all.
No it means government has control
Internet is a human right!
Hey Bank Fraud Bernie! PAY back your bank loans! You and wifey are disgusting dead beats!! You are a CRIMINAL!!
how about gvnt control?
Only thing You've said that I'll ever agree to.
corporate control?  Remind me what % google controls.
Net neutrality means the government regulates the internet
Not only that, all truth seekers will be instantly silenced on American web. Outside sources will be sifted thoroughly. Propaganda 101
@comcast Says they WONT throttle/limit content. I feel more comfortable with CANT. Why allow corporations the TEMPTATION?Lock the liquor cab
...and firmly under gov't control...what a joke!
Please keep it that way @SenSherrodBrown @senrobportman @RepSteveChabot #ohiovoter
Stop tweeting
Please use it to read up on basic economics.
The internet was created with taxpayer dollars. It should be a public sphere!
Amen to that!
That should include removing artificial corporate control over net speed as well.
And what about the companies that spent billions of dollars creating the cableing and wiring and provide the service?
Bernie, lay off the gonge Bro.  Since when does government regulation = more freedom?  How bout not fixing shit that ain't broke...
This is one of the most important issues of our generation. Thank you for fighting for us Bernie!
Ugh. Please get info from other people than old time Marxists
That is NOT what it is. Stop acting like a champion of the little guy-you're just like other rich people!
I'm sure you would prefer it in government control, just like everyone's finances.  Take a long walk off a short pier.
But government control is all good right comrade?
And all you need do is visit a country where this isn't true to see the results. No innovation. No challengers. No revolutions.
