US air is cleaner than India's and China's, neither of which had obligations under Paris accord. US financial obligation was confiscatory.
However, the USA is still one of the biggest emitters of CO2 in the world. This isn't about who contributes the most, just do what you-
- need to do in order to protect our planet, because at the rate we are going we won't have a planet left. And it makes a huge difference.
And the less pollution in the air the healthier we will be. Because pollution does increase the risk of lung disease, asthma & heart disease
Everyone has lost sight of fact @realDonaldTrump is a #PollutionDenier & behaves like the Antichrist. This is SCARY  parents don't care!
He isn't a "pollution denier," whatever that is. He, like more and more thinking rational people, isn't buying manmade global climate change
Libertarians have zero ethics & don't want laws 2 protect water & air from pollution. When THEIR clean water is polluted, THEN they'll care.
Libertarians believe humans are capable of doing right thing without coercion by Gov't. Example: Apple (for one) designs to recycle.
Please cite the "science." So far, only projections, none of which have materialized. Also: Curious about source of "97% of scientists."
What u saying is that humans are not destroying their environment? Please go swim or drink water from the Hudson or the Mississippi River.
Hmm. I went back and read my tweets; I never said human activity has no effect. And I live ON THE MISSISSIPPI, and swim & boat in it a lot!
Articles bulletin of atomic scientists there's a good start &what is wrong w/going green where's the problem with trying to live sustainably
Certainly, don't make regulations to yr loawn &check a year after to see how that will turn out. Regardless of CC, pollution is a problem.
Trump is Prez of Acid Rain America on race to make  3rd world country & medieval feudalism. Trump wants to make Black Lung Great Again
is that... @FinnHarries ?
Where??? 
How many genders are there? #science
gender can change from day to day now too. #science
BREAKING!
The demon has found his match. Comey is out full blast. What an American hero
You mean an American trader
I wonder if bots know the difference between a trader and a traitor?
Nope. They obviously don't.
They are as morally corrupted as the orange liar. Disgusting human beings
Fight hard for that 1.83 degree increase
Brainwased by Religion!
My name is Atsushi.
I am a Japanese man.
What would I do if I would support Sanders from Japan?
Trump doesn't "reject science!"
He rejects logic for starters.
Bernie you are no longer respected.
These young people forget to think about the people who rely on the jobs they have in the fossil fuel industry to support their families.
This old man forgot about the young people.
By the way... if either the kids in your video, or you... had more than a high school education in maths, you wouldn't be so bamboozled.
The tweets made by Trump supporters are as cancerous as the POTUS himself.
And while you drive $170,000 car right don't tell me you're not about yourself
He doesn't need to tell u. His consistent political record does. U need to #staywoke.
He doesn't need to tell me he's already shown me every time he drives $170,000 car and talked about people not having something to eat

This is a load of crap. He would never say this. BERNIE HAS VISITED WV!
Trust me, we know what poor is...
Science? So you loonies believe there's only 2 genders right...its called chromosomes any it's a scientific FACT...
Sex and gender are different. Sex is based on DNA, gender is less understood
I offended a Looney .....yes
not offended, just fixing your ignorance
You got served?FACTS ANYONE 
What? What facts?
Maybe they should try working instead of carrying on with the "Political Constipation" you're throwing at them. Nothing is free old man.
FALSE!
Sunshine is free.
The breeze blowing outside the window is also free.
Better than Bernie who continues to lie to people that we're in a crisis. A crisis of 1.83degrees? Seriously?
"BS" is short for Bernie Sanders
You can always find young people to fight for any kind of ideas, but what science is really saying? http://www.lomborg.com/press-release-research-reveals-negligible-impact-of-paris-climate-promises …
95% of scientists agree on how to deal with climate change.
Besides that, exhaust fumes are poisonous.
Let's go for solar & wind power.
You are all amazing and your parents are truly proud.
Did they know that in the 70's we were warned of the upcoming Ice Age? Now it's global warming? Truth? 1.83degree change
You ignore those who disagree, there actually is not a brainwashed consensus.
WHAT!?? Do YOU know about science Bernie.  ZIP, ZERO, ZILCH.  Maybe you should have stayed in school?
Some of this climate change is the normal course of the planet's history and has little to do with homo sapiens.
Can others join in on this? My children are 9 & 11, and trapped in the WV coal country poverty cycle. And this cycle must be broken!
Nice bait
I don't think Trump rejects science. He just thinks differently. We don't know climate enough to decide what we should do for it. Be humble.
Trump is full of himself. I think u r giving the wrong person advice.
I don't think t-rump and his cesspool of crooked cronies reject science, it doesn't benefit them by filling their pockets.
Let me guess, all living in parents basement, all had college paid for, none have ever experienced real life crisis. Pretty much it
Scientific evidence shows no Global warming. 0.8 degree F increase worldwide average since 1860. World temps down since 1998.
@realDonaldTrump <--- This is the true eco-terrorist.
It makes me so very sad to see all the empty seats around our Democratic Senators then you speak. Republicans disrespect is inexcusable.
And the Dems walk out of speeches all the time. Double standards Libs.
From what I have seen, when anyone on either side of the aisle is talking, many are gone. Are they off working?
Trump rejects all facts, reality and substitutes his own brand of bat-shit crazy
Sunshine the facts are out there he hasn't been wrong yet. Study child.
facts?
To much whining on Twitter is unhelpful better your position to introduce a motion to impeach Donald Trump in the senate.
The Senate does not impeach, it starts in the house.
Trump reject science and religion. Fool only believes in poles.
I think that is more spiritual than you might be fget over it. There's silenting any Scientist that go against their popular believe.
Scientists and The Pope alike. I just can't wait until this is over.
We'll help our planet even if our leader refuses to recognize the obvious. #ActOnClimate
Trump is no/was not a leader. Tz
Your President get over it.
The science that the climate isn't static and has been changing since the Earth formed?
When you have scientific facts and evidence. Call a Scientist who knows climate change is a LIE (you do know that CHristians abhor liars).
#PresidentTrump has NOT rejected science. The totally FALSE rhetoric u use to get young people to support you is a betrayal of the truth.
Why don't one of these young ppl run for President.Oprah might Run.she'll have Women and Young Ppl.Go Oprah
yet these nobs ignore biology, gender isnt a choice its a biological reality
When their butts get cooked this summer, they will start to see what they are doing to this beautiful earth! If not, then drag them outside
That's because they no nothing about science
...and you Mr Sanders no nothing about serving this country! Shame on you little man!
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/nov/30/donald-trump-george-monbiot-misinformation …
Science is real, solar power is real, natural resources are real, global warming is fake, Sanders is a sellout and con man
Frivolous
Global warming is no longer science but a religious cult, a convenient tool to implement carbon taxes. Total ripoff of the American people.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @mashable
Science is awesome, can some one tell me how many times this exact warming trend has occurred in the 4+ billion yrs b4 humans ?
Yeah burning your offer us and you drive $170,000 car right not for the poor guy I think you're off for yourself
THK YOU, Sen Sander for sharing this! I will w/my active family of young folks my children, nephew, God daughter, cousin's daughter, etc!
ugh such fools.
@PhillyD please look into this story, it's very interesting
@cenkuygur @johniadarola @AnaKasparian @TYTNetwork @JordanChariton Please please please take a look at this lawsuit!
An 80% tax rate can fix anything
Fake news.  Trump never rejected science.  You need to pay attention and ask for help when you're confused.
I'm a scientist YOU are NOT. Sit down and cry Bernie, you and the sell out scientists who make their living from globalist grants... shut up
These people have plenty of time on their hands since they can't find jobs.
Uh, 21 is considered an adult, not a yoot.
And then. You got in your limo and drove back to your mansion, hypocrisy
He didn't deny science..U LIE!!! He saved US tax payers from paying other countries from taking our jobs!!Thank God U didn't win
Reject political science
Interesting how most scientists say CC is a load of CRAP. Only ppl agreeing w you are pd by you. Oh and your monarch butterflies. MKultra
So sad to see so many young people deceived by the liars like you Bernie.
Just like you reject Jesus Christ & attack those who don't. So glad Hillary stabbed you in back (you just smiled) & robbed you of nomination
We are doing fine with climate, it's always been changing. It's China and India who want US taxpayers to burn more coal. Grow up kids.
I am young and I believe you are hoax!! 
Hahaha....Corrupt Communist Sanders flunked Physical Sci 101..otherwise he would understand the HOAX that is Climate Change.Sanders=Buffonn

Twitter really needs a laugh button!
All products of the progressive/socialistic educators that have indoctrinated them instead of educating them.
Science? Like there are two genders? DNA and anatomy. Science like that?
science=global warming is man made, a fetus isn't a baby, vaccines do more harm than good. I didn't know science had such a political agenda
U can't escape climate change.If u r so concerned then no one should fly planes including u.Nasa director & other scientists deny that
So Sir where is all the  collected for the EPA to clean our rivers?  30 yrs and not action.
I heard your antichrist speech. You're fired. Done  with you liberals. Tolerance for all except Christianity. Not in America.  Not anymore.
Young people suing the government so they won't have to work for a living.
http://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/02/07/former-noaa-scientist-colleagues-manipulated-climate-change-data-for-political-reasons/ …  Try learning
The 5 amigos!
Your 'science" is based on flimsy climate models that are continuously being revised. Americans aren't feeling your Bern on this.
GOVERNMENT HAS REDUCED CARBON EMISSION! PAY ATTENTION TO FACTS & STOP LISTENING TO PROPAGANDA! #ParisAgreement #MAGA #TRUMP #BuildTheWall
SHOULD BE SUING GOD! THE CAUSE OF #CLIMATECHANGE IS NOT MAN NOR GOV. IT IS CYCLICAL! STOP BUYING INTO PROPAGANDA #ParisAgreement #MAGA #USA
I am so disappointed, again, of @realDonaldTrump
There is NO concrete revise criteria that the world is in a climate apocalypse!! See we past Al Gores deadline!! 
These young people are English majors who don't know two craps about science.
Science changes because it is theory and climate so-called science is always changing just like the seasons (Winter Spring Summer Fall).
To many young people today expect the government to support all their habits and many wants their drugs to be legalized. Stand for America!
Sheep, it's very sad. Realize your being used and grow up.
Educating the ignorant people of America should be priority 1. Stupidity is killing America, plain and simple. Thank you for your light.
Reject Science? You mean the science of two genders?
Doesn't reject science, just the bad deal that costs trillions!!!! With a T, yeah
These young people are a disgrace to our hard working young people who have more impt things to do than join Obama & Hillary resistance 4$$
Did you get that from youtube?
Want reduced carbon emissions? Remove every vehicle with a combustion engine from the road. In every country. Problem solved.
We love you Bernie. You're the man that should be running our country. Not Donald Dumbnuts!!!
By protesting??? Get a life
Discovering environmentally safe renewable energy should be like walking on the moon. Our country needs to B the leader.  Not anyone else!
Geo Engineering doesn't fix global warming
I don't care what they do. They are losers.
Reject science.So I guess you understand the unborn are human and there are only 2 genders then.I mean it's not like your a hypocrite right?
I fully agree! These young people are THE FUTURE. Let's the rest of us fight for them to have a future to look forward too!
Politics isn't science.
Science?  How about biology?  The Earth identified as a planet that isn't going through global warming without further evidence
According to AL Gore, we were already supposed to be one big planet on fire by now. Did everyone else just forget, the real science (data).
Bernie,Check #HAARP #GeoEngineering #Chemtrail etc = #Globalists = #NWO = #Devil = WhatTHellThey'reDoing? #FACT = #NWO Makes #Disaster
Science. NO. GLOBAL AGENDA FOR USA TAXPAYERS TO PAY FOR FAILED SOCIALIST POLICIES. USA doesn't want $24 a gallon gas!!
So glad to see young people taking charge of their future. It's obvious the government & those in power care not for future generations.
@wolfgirl1 Amen 
He's not rejecting science East rejecting your religion.
u like the other evil n the world of lies r wrong.More carbon comes out volcanoes than man can EVER do.Truth#dumbpeople
POTUS Trump doesn't reject science. Science has shown that global climate change is a natural cycle of Earth's 4.5B year history. .8° 150yrs
Climate change has been proven a lie.
2 bad ur inflated ego didn't support Hillary early on, we wouldn't have 2 b fighting the govt 2 get all this.  Hide ur head in shame w/Ralph

Stop blowing hot air. You are not only warming the planet, but also causing noise pollution
It is US who are polluting the planet. Each of us should consume less, and pollute less. Use less electricity, gas, ...
Let's acknowledge that there are natural occurrences that are warming Earth.
Less carbon emission may not stop natural warming cycles.
I am for reducing pollutions to make environment cleaner. Less pollution means also less carbon emission.
No one is rejecting anything. Paying a world tax to the UN is not the answer to fixing any of the problems.
What until they have to go to work and find out the only Electric car with same range as gas starts at $60,000
Earth is in natural warming cycles that are enormously more powerful than human activities.
Don't call him president.
Sad , the efforts to save this planet are useless, I am a bible believer, the bible States that this world will ultimately be destroyed
is this the same science that determines gender by chromosomes?
You pay the money to the Paris deal.   Did you ever question Obama for signing up with out anyone's approval?   You are irrelevant in life.
Trump don't need to reject anything make logical ideas and plans for those ideas and then we straight . We have to agree . WE THE PEOPLE
@altNOAA Outstanding citizenship by these young political activists. Kudos!
Sharing from FB memory of 1 year ago.  1/3
2/3
3
I think I'll sue them for taking away my energy, for a faulty 'scientific' theory.
Why do you reject scientific study when it comes to economics? Science can't apply in 1 area but not in another. You can't have it both ways
Oil, Cole, Atomic power is like OPEC, the devil's on Earth creating cancer and other Desi's
That humans have now since Marie Curie and Rongen develop X-ray
Great a bunch of Bernie Sanders snowflakes suing over something they know nothing about.
Maybe Bernie can share the wealth from his book sales if anyone buys it and help groups like these.
when and how did he reject science bern -man?
Bunch of wasted college years
Go People Go! I am so with you WOW! Big business and governments MUST LISTEN AND RESPOND!
The good bad m ugly
God speed.
yay! more students who equate climate change science with the ever fluid 72+? genders, and who think unborn people aren't....people.
Thanks for doing your part to elect Trump.
WITH YOU BERNIE THEIR NUTS
Reject science?  Like how gender is a spectrum, life begins whenever you think it does, or all the crap in an inconvenient truth.
Trump is stupid. And I don't mean that in an offhand way. He's deeply, obviously cognitively limited.
We're now living in new information age world, science is a key to our running economy,we must not only embrace science but nurture it fully
YAYEH!!!!!!
Totally bogus:( Fighting LIGHT POLLUTION is a very EASY way of fighting for The Future of our Planet, How come YOU Senator aren't doing that
Are you sure he isn't? Is anyone in the Senate doing anything about it? If not, why single out Bernie?
Yes I'm sure...it's just not an environmental concern..you think we wouldn't know about it? What about the kids too?
Earth 4.5 billion years.  Trump term 4 years.  Effect on Climate Change negligible
Wonder how far they drive wasting gas causing more co2 while driving how bout the ac they ran in their cars wow really serious huh
