@SenSanders what is your response regarding the shooter, James Hodgkinson, being an open Bernie supporter?
Sanders isn't responsible for this. What's important is locking the shooter up. Not falsely ascribing blame.
I'm asking a question, not blaming anyone. Also, the shooter is dead.
That's fair. But I thought the shooter was in custody?
The president announced that he died from his injuries during his speech about 30 min ago.
Bernie made a statement about it, try @cspan
Saw and retweeted it from his account! Thanks
We need to bring back Mental Health Hospitals but make them accountable, up-to-date, free, and transparent. Troubled Ppl need a place to go.
Yes because corporations are all of those things, right?
I'm not going to deny that the current state of government sucks...maybe bc conservatives on both sides have been working to dismantle it.
With due respect, Senator, this is not enough.  Twice now, your supporters have stabbed, shot ppl. 1st time, Portland murders.  I know you..
...yourself have never called for violence in any way; but as these were your supporters, you need to be clear in your calls for no violence
Preaching against "elites" in DC and banking, calling for "revolution", to rural/small-town WWC, likely armed, has backfired.
Too late. Hate and violence has been unleashed. Antifa, plays killing Trump, riots. All by the Left
This is NOT Chuck Schumer.....
Duh
Sorry, there are a lot of idiots in the twitterverse that want to blame en masse-kind of like you are doing.
If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it is probably a duck. The Left Leaders have called for violence to #resist. Here we are.
Based on what I have seen in the news over the past year or two, your supporters are among the most violent people around.
You should be praying for your supporters to stop advocating for the deaths of Trump & his supporters. He did it for you
Rep. Scalise actively opposed congressional action to stop the violence. He is the 16th top recipient of gun lobby money in Congress
when will you disavow the virginia shooter you crazy old commie?
Yeh, why don't you preach that, Bernie, since it's one of your deranged supporters who did this
He was one of your delusional followers that you have incited beyond belief.
Why don't you tell your supporters this is the second one that's gone off the deep end.
How exactly would a Muslim travel ban have prevented this incident, are we ready to talk common sense gun control yet, and why the hell not?
The only way this could have been prevented would be to have been to have convinced him violence is dangerous to him, 1st, and to others 2nd
He knows violence is dangerous to all parties, cats know that, bugs know that, this gets prevented by trying to, not ignoring the problem
"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable." Let's hope peaceful revolution is possible.
You are part of the problem not the solution. Shame on you.
And he needs to stop promoting your left-wing agenda . had nothing to do with Christians
2nd @SenSanders supporter going on rampage in a month.
Prayers dont stop violence
DISAVOW!!
Never seen such dedication from followers, if they applied it to work they could move out of mommies cellar
OH, PLEEZE, Bernie. How are you liking your 1% status? Who's paying you?
Prayers w/ all. We need better gun control. @realDonaldTrump may have contributed to this by making it easier for mentally ill to get guns!
This guy might be the next one to do something similar. Talking the same way as that garbage shooter in DC
you happy your supporter did this?  STOP THE HATE! This MUST start with YOU! election is long over, get over it! Support Potus!
"Grab them by the *****!" PotUS. Won't support that.
Why are all the crazies your damn supporters?
Shit White People Do.
Mr. Sanders, your supporters have been getting violent. You need to do something to stop this.
Their blood is on your hands too!
Your rhetoric wound up this little toy soldier. Pointed him at the GOP.
And, said "GO!"
HYPOCRITE!
Well, Bernie he was your supporter.
You can't blame Burnie even though his minion think they live in the sixties and it's all out warfare against things they don't even know
He was one of your supporters Senator. When will you be resigning, since your rhetoric is responsible for the violence?
Interesting,  no denousing of this supporter of yours, and what he did. Typical of a socialist democrap.
I agree.
... rest of the story.... what about the armed guard who was shot and hospitalized? How is she doing?
Stunned and saddened about your colleagues, police and the crazy old White gun freak who shot them. Please vote against NRA next time.
The best way to do that is to stand behind our president and stop your hate!
I don't know if you or your aides have noticed, but you're already getting smeared/scapegoated for this, Bernie.
Ur talk of revolution/resistance obviously played a part of his actions. Big follower of u. U are, at least partially, responsible. #resign
Prayers? From YOU? You're a joke Bernie. Your followers are a dangerous, hateful bunch of misfits.
@lsarsour  Stop promoting division and hate.
"Fight them in the streets!"
-- Dem VP Nominee Tim Kaine
"They bring a knife, we bring a gun"
"Punch back twice as hard"
-- Dem POTUS Obama
"I never saw a body with bullet holes that was more devastating than taking the right to arm ourselves away.” 
-- Ben Carson
Hate is a sure prayer blocker. Truth will always prevail.
Then stop encouraging it!
If you truly want bipartisanship, MN is a great example. Supports concealed carry. DEM Gov, AG, both Senators. Do the same!
otm
jhpjloJohn :/ r
Lie
Welcome to Trump's America
Fu
Words are also acts of violence. All are guilty and that needs to change.  NOW!!!
violence is a symptom of bad governing, mistreating generations of people for the cause of hording money and getting themselves rich.
How about you stop spewing hatred & condemnation of the POTUS first & then maybe your followers might do the same.
Then talk to your followers, they are the ones being violent. #pathetic
Yours may Bernie. Facts are people are hurting. And the austerity thats gonna be imposed on them will create more of this. He wasn't crazy.
Do you disavow his relationship to you?
It is not Bernie's fault that he is well-liked.  Well, maybe it is: because he's honest and has integrity and fights for the working class.
Your party needs to stop inciting this kind of behavior. It is awful and don't see it coming from Trump supporters.  Be a leader, stop this
Same place as you, but I watch and learn, don't let my emotions or ideology encumber my open-mindedness. Conservatives more tolerant by far
Funny how all these animals support you...
I am not an animal, nor are others who support free healthcare and education.  What are you talking about? Sanders doesn't support violence!
Never said you were an animal my friend. You are not out there shooting innocent people.
I know, but what does a crazy person have to do with Bernie?  Not a thing.
The guy was a known supporter and a campaign volunteer... Imagine if this was a Trump supporter shooting a Dem. congressman... you get point
Works both ways, if people use their political views to smear the opposing party, unfortunately. Nothing good can come of that for anyone.
Bernie condemns Christianity beliefs then says pray, PRICELESS
You're aware he was a staunch supporter of yours, no?
Yep and if it were an avid trump supporter, I'm sure you'd be saying the same thing.
, sorry, socialists are all the same.
One goal in mind
The political discord in this country needs to change. Political ideologies are not a reason to shoot, pretend to shoot or hate anyone.
Left? Excuse me I'm a lefty and I don't want to go there! I don't want to go there so bad I voted for Trump as a Democrat!
Will you condemn the 'dog whistling' in liberal media that has led to all this?
You mean the stupid Kathy Griffin and Snoop Dogg stuff? Yeah, that's stupid and not helpful. /1
But I think it's a stretch to say that the MSM has been advocating violence against Republicans. /2
Personally I think a lot of Republican politicians are scum and should go behind bars but that's about it. /3
Most other libs/leftists that I know (with some exceptions, because  exist everywhere) feel the same. /4
I hope so otherwise I feel a civil war of sorts brewing. But I fear that like many 'moderates' they tacitly condone extremist actions.
Been orchestrated since inception of America. Research Ted Gunderson. It is bigger & more dangerous than anything normal could do.
Then tell your supporters to knock it off.
Then STOP your divisive rhetoric. Some of YOUR followers have been the most violent spurred on by your vitriol. You don't address it. STOP

Well I'm sure that's all part of your #resist movement
But honestly we won't know until the psychological evaluation.
Speedy recovery
My prayers go out for you as well. I know that you are deeply saddened by what this man did.
If this is Bernie's fault, then accept that the hatred and yes, some violence against Latinos, Muslims, etc. is Trump's fault. #hypocrites
Hope the media stays true to form and repeatedly asks you to disavow the shooter EVERY TIME you appear in public....#fairplay
The problem is Guns in America.
Sure after one of your minions do it...Just more proof that the threat from Democrats are more than the threats from Russia.
GUN CONTROL!!!
Gun control
way to go Bernie. Your lies and jealousy of those who succeed in America inspired attempted murder
The day the last tyrant is hung with the intestines of the last politician...
We need to stop the violence, ban semi-automatic guns, stricker gun regulations. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
The gun he used was banned so......
what now?
Where's your statement for this to stop Sanders ?
This is on you, sir.
Who do DEMS pray to? None of you believe in Jesus, and constantly criticize Christians, so to WHOM do you pray?
Then stop encouraging the RESISTANCE!!!
Bernie Bernie Bernie if you and the Democrats and the media would shut the hell up and quit riling people up this wouldn't happen
This is partly your fault who encourages resistance.
When does Bernie ever encourage violence? This is ridiculous rhetoric.
2nd Bernie supporter to kill/attempt to kill. Something is wrong here.
So we are going to ignore all of the other violent offenders? 2 individuals who happen to support Bernie politically respresnt everyone?
It's called a pattern. Get back to me when you find another one.
Lead by example and bring the partisan name calling and bickering to an end.  Set aside political agendas and find a path to compromise. 
With all the libtard rhetoric on violence against the President, are you really surprised?
politically motivated leftist hate and violence - he was a very Trumper - the left is incitkng domestic war
If you violence to end, this should be a hate crime & you should  work to have political affiliation protected like religion & sexual orient
There is no room for violence, this should be (and is) universally condemned.
You need to denounce violence from the left and the lefts oppression of free speech.
Will you denounce your supporter?
Dear Bernie. What ever happened in this country right now It's all trump creation, he creates hate among everyone, this is just beginning

In 2011, Bernie Sanders fundraised by blaming right wing/Sarah Palin for the Gabby Giffords shooting 
Tell your supporters to stop the violence
Keep your prayers Bernie.   You are not sincere.  You have been promoting violence and now you have it.  Typical democrat actions.
Violence--the dems/communists are good at it.
We sure do, but the chokehold of the NRA sugar daddies is too strong, I feel.
Supporting Bernie Sanders and hating the GOP does not make you an assassin... it makes you human
Read these responses.  These are your supporters.
Your prayers?  Who are you praying to, sir?
he was your supporter!
Another one of yours...just like Portland stabber! You are a shameless fraud Sen Sanders and a danger to America!
Turns out the shooter was a die-hard Bernie supporter!  BIG SURPRISE!  NOT!
Exacrly how about some gun control laws????
I am a woman living in Japan. Now, in Japan, the modern security maintenance law is likely to be forcibly voted by the current government.
Time for your self reflection
Gee, if only there were a group of people who make effective change to stop this type of thing...
One of your nut jobs, Bernie.
So you'll support Constitutional Carry so we can all have a chance to return fire when crazy shows up? Laws dont stop psychos, bullets do.
YOU have contributed significantly to this with your hate.  The blood of those affected is on your hands.  Ur prayers mean nothing.
Hate? What Hate? Provide 1 hate filled quote 
Stick your head back in the sand, or do your own research, snowflake.
Could start by democrats stop calling for uprising and bloodshed.
What the world need is a true man with vision making this plant great. I think you can see where this road is, way above the one we r on now
i see one of your guys did some shooting this morning bernie,,your thoughts??
Hey, Bern, Maybe lead on this instead of yowling about the Democratic Party all the time.  Thanks.
Well this was one of your DERANGED supporters that did the shooting...
Hypocrit
So what did you mean in your Chicago speech when you said "we need to take down Trump?" You are complicit in this shooting.
Bernie I know you said you didn't approve of the shooting. But I don't buy that BS, I blame you &
Hillary for this. The 2 of you told your
Followers to go out & fight, do anything you can to stop the Rep's & Pres. Trump. That's the reason I blame you, your Party is sorry.
Unfortunately because of DT the level of hate has no bounds and we may see more of this crazy behavior
That shooter was just following your envy and hate.  Your prayers ring hollow.
You called for a ramp up in violence 4 days ago! Prayers? You vile Christian hating bully on full display! 

#MAGA
The shooter asked if they were rep or dem and then started shooting!!  Hmmm, disgruntled leftist??  What say ye Bernie????
Maybe melt all the guns?
Second murderous supporter of Bernie Sanders. When will Senator Sanders publically denounce and disavow his violent supporters?
@SenBernie maybe you should vote for anti-gun legislation w/o some BS hunting excuse for not doing so. #NRAdarling
Your picture is on the gunman's facebook page. This is what YOU are doing. Wake up.
...and kick the science.
#SelfDestruction
The gunman was a huge fan of yours...
Paryers also for the 90 Americans who will be killed by guns today and the countless that will be injured.
Then stop supporting resist movement and start supporting a more ethical work together movement.
RADICAL LEFTIST TERRORISM perpetuated by politicians like you Bernie!
YOU are to blame.
You going to stop Islamic terrorism, too?? You going to stop Antifa, too??
I agree with your tweet. Praying for Rep. Scalise's full recovery and praying for him and the the others' speedy recovery. .
Your supporter sir! You democrats need to grow up and move ahead and stop supporting violence and the resist movement!

This was one of your supporters. No one needs your "prayers" after your verbal attack on a Christian for his faith. You incite this hate.
When did he attack a Christian for his faith?
Russell Vought, Trump’s nominee to be Deputy Director of the White House Office of Management and Budget.
He didn't attack him for his faith, he asked if what Vought said was Islamaphobic
Maybe the survivors will change the direction of gun control. Dead representatives cannot vote for positive change. Alive 4A reason
Bernie Sanders supporter targets and shoots Republicans on this day
You are all Cowardly and Despicable
Start by toning down your rhetoric. Start acting as an opposition party, NOT the "RESISTANCE".
Additionally
We all knew a domestic crisis was coming. Propaganda machine hard at work. THEY call it collateral damage, me- crowd control
Fix your rhetoric
Turns out he's a fan of yours according to his Facebook post.
Proves that the shooter never truly understood our movement in the first place. Get well soon @SteveScalise We may disagree but we're united
Another killing by one of your supporters. Your government entitlement (socialism) crap again.......maybe you should keep your mouth shut!!!
Bernie supporter.
And so?
U pray to the devil
Maybe call on left to stop all the hateful marches and disrespectful talk of the president. Work with the GOP to better our country?
His supporter who wants democratic socialism.
Nothing will change! The gun lobby and NRA will make sure events like today will continue to happen every day in the USA

