It's also legal to get a boob job. I don't wa t to pay for yours either. Taxpayers shouldn't have to pay for elective medical procedures.
Then we need to get rid of all taxpayer-funded viagra. Old men don't need erections, that's nature's way of taking them out of the gene pool
Agreed
And tax deductions for children and place taxes on churches, agreed?
There already is tax deductions for children and I'm all for taxes on churches
How about getting rid of the deductions?
You want to get rid of tax deductions for children?
Don't you? You are the one who doesn't want to pay for other people's things. Why should you get more deductions for having kids?
If my tax won't go to protect my choice as a woman, I don't want my taxes to go to senseless wars and killing brown ppl neither.
They're not taking away your choice. You can still do it, taxpayers shouldn't have to pay for it. I want a nose job, should you pay for it?
MY tax money should absolutely pay for a woman to have an abortion if she can't pay for it. And you can throw in the nose job. FFS.
How about Lasik surgery? Boob job? Hair plugs? Sex change? Botox? A new car? I want a helicopter! My house?
Rights to kill babies? It's a step forward helping women protect their unborn babies.
It also gives insurers the right to refuse coverage of pregnancy, maternal, or newborn care so mothers pay out of pocket
And it also gives insurers the right to raise premiums for pregnant women
As it should be. Pregnancies are expensive
Two words: PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY
A little red flag for every baby killed by abortion in the U.S. would redact the entire text of Obamacare.
How about a little red flag for all the children we've killed overseas. You know 54% of your taxes goes to murder children in foreign lands
Well then they do a sh*tty job, because hundreds of thousands were killed in Iraq alone.
Over how many years? As opposed to nearly a million children killed here yearly?
U R including every D&C in your stat. Many of those children died of natural causes in the womb. FYI I lost my baby in the second trimester
What you are describing is far rarer than you think (and something to which no one objects, by the way).
No it is very common. As a man, perhaps you don't know that, and women hate to talk about it. But it is very common these days.
Absolutely no surprise there. Women are second class citizens to them. They would roll back the 19th if they could.
Um our military kills babies everyday.

Trump is a Shmuck! The Evangelists are the only friends he has, so he patronizes them.
Abortion isn't just a women's rights issue. More is involved than pregnant party's decision
Or maybe a huge step forward for human rights.
No woman (or man) should have the right to take a human life, Bernie, no matter how small. You know this intrinsically, but deny it.
If even half of the other senators actually reviewed documents at this level, we'd be better off... keep up the good fight :)
Any proof that he did anything other than put some flags in a document?
Sanders is creditable! Important debates going on now began when Sen Sanders leveled with the American people (spoke the truth)!
Nobody, regardless of gender, has the right to murder another person, even an unborn one.
No it's a rollback of murder-This is what you advocate: where was that "fetus'" govt protection? As long as it's not called a baby it's ok?
hey, buddy, you do know your wanky roleplay of a swedish model is actionable impersonation, right?
https://app.leg.wa.gov/rcw/default.aspx?cite=4.24.790 …
Yes. We don’t want to murder babies.
Yeah but all those republican men know what is best for women and their bodies don't they?
And a small step forward for babies' rights who never did anything to deserve being killed.
of course because republicans don't believe women should have rights.  One of them even said he thought we shouldn't be able to vote.
Which one?
I have 2 look it up.  Maybe tonight.  But can't remember if he was in the house or senate.
I have read news stories of men physically  abusing and forcing their wives of girlfriends into abortion because they did not want them...
To have babies. It is not always the woman who seeks such things. Protect women's right to choose.
But, "the repeal of ObamaCare will lead to the deaths of millions of people" but babies are not really people...Which is it?
If your talking about a month after sex, no it's not a baby. Is a pile of sex fluids laying in a woman's uterus...
Where did we go wrong? We went from use "protection" during intercourse you don't want to get pregnant too I have unprotected sex a lot 
Said the man who wants to take everyone's rights away thru communism.
Read a book once in a while.
This is the same response I get from all libs when they can't debate.  God Bless You!
Give reading a try.  And add the Bible to that list.  Jesus talked a lot about compassion. He never once spoke about abortion.
You said people keep telling you to read.  I just assumed you were against it.
You don't know nothing about me, why assume things?  Cause of a disagreement, your judging me?  What does the bible say about that?
I assume you mean I don't know ANYTHING about you. How was I judging you? I just said saying mean things is not Christian.
What about the child's right to life?????
That that applies even after death - you or proxy must give consent for organ donation. Shouldn't you be treated as well as the dead?
Of course, but those rights do not extend to use of someone else's organs and tissues w/o consent EVEN to save a life.
False.  Pregnancy is to sex as motor vehicle accidents are to driving.
No, it's pair bonding. We're very inefficient reproductively if you consider how few episodes of intercourse result in pregnancy.
This is a new form of eugenics. Weed out the poor through death. Horrifying.
Thank you, Senator, for doing what very few other elected reps seem to be doing--your job.  It is deeply appreciated.
And, I might add, the proposed legislation in question is not @SenSanders. He's just pointing out the bullets that libs won't like.
What about the child's rights? Women made the decision
A fertilized egg is not a child.
Life begins at conception.
I'm not sure how you link this in with the Bible
What about the rights of the unborn.  To quote @PPact CEO we must protect the sanctity of all lives. Oh wait she meant illegal aliens
In that same respect, those screaming pro life are also the majority ok with nuking NK, kicking millions off health care. Fetuses not kids.
Stop regurgitating talking points, we would only strike if they attacked first. Fetuses are alive its murder but keep lying to yourself
And after? All the unwanted babies that will come from taking away BC and abortions, are you ready to put your taxes up for them?
Why should we have to? Why not only have the children you can afford to have. One must be responsible for their own decisions.
But you are advocating taking away the choice. You ppl also don't want to pay for BC, want to ban PP who keeps more abortions from happening
Than they could EVER perform.  Make up your minds. Personal responsibility is a good talking point but when abstinence is the only thing
Ppl like Devos are willing to teach, then we get a lot of teenage pregnancies. It's been proven. Parents don't always teach their kids.
WOMEN VOTE FOR JERKS LIKE GRAHAM AND CASSIDY- 156 MILLION WOMEN - 151 MILLION MEN
If men could get pregnant, you know how much of a non-issue this would be????  Free BC and abortions for all.
lol The government would PAY men to take birth control if men could get pregnant. As in, "Please for god's sake, PLEASE" type begging.
OMG, you mean people will have to actually think about the consequences of having sex?
OMG you mean women won't be forced to give birth and share their bodies without consent? The horror
It's called a condom
Which are not 100% effective
Exactly
There is always oral!!!
How is wanting the government to not pay for your abortion wanting more gov in people's bodies? Wouldn't it be less
What about the rights of those unborn children?
Not even close to being enough protection for our children then, Berns.
Why the fuck should we have to pay for "other's" abortions?
I guess if these old white guys can't control us generally, they will make a go of controlling our bodies. These are sick brutes, every one.
Outr streets will look just like Brazil, with thousands of unwanted children.
Maybe Brazil should make their streets look like ours.  Kill all those unwanted children currently cluttering up their streets.  Hmmm?
Uh. They do. The cops go through the streets killing "urchins". Birth control is not murder. I abort cows all the time.
Cows are not children.  We kill grown cows for meat.  Human life is FAR more precious.  Is it not?
Fetuses are not people, anymore than a calf fetus is a cow. And dont trot out that sorry old phrase from the Bible taken out of context
When does it become a person then?  That's the key question.  At birth?
I am a Democrat Christian  that doesn't support abortion. "War on women!?" More like 'War on Babies!!" and I still support Bernie.
Good for the unborn children being murdered.
@Lollardfish don't forget they'll also punish women who chose to remain pregnant by upping their premiums #GOPHatesWomen
Perhaps your mother can issue you a surcharge to cover your additional expenses.
Sadly it may be a set back but abortion is not birth control ! It's a woman's choice yes but she can choose prevention first ! Take the pill
Thank you for fighting for us Bernie!
Medicare of All is the right answer. Ask any senior you know if they would like to give it up. Works for seniors; will work for all.
yep
Why should the tax payer pay for others wrong choices?
pay billions to polluting industries while cutting health care for working taxpayers - lovely
5/? 
Using abortion as the reason, it seeks to drastically defund planned parenthood.
Women don't have the right to kill a baby... Adopt it out to someone who wants it..
Oh, yes! A bot, indeed. You are correct! I reported it.
you can be both against abortion and our unjust drone bombings around the world.
for all the rhetoric about the right of choice, does the fetus have a choice if it can live or not?
abortions should not be paid by tax payers!
LISTEN. Billions of spermatozoa, or "children" "die" every day. Abortion is just the removal of a couple cells without a brain or heart.
You need to look back at yourself. And think "am I doing this right"
Psst, if something can be rolled back by an act of Congress it's not a right. By overusing "right" you diminish actual rights.
These flags mark all the abortion restrictions in the Republican repeal of Obamacare. This is a major rollback of women’s rights. 
As there is no creator we can't credit it with giving rights or anything else.
We have the rights we have agreed on as a society.
