#Obamacare is under attack. Biggest reason for rising #HC costs is outrageous #CEO pay! There is NO 1 working who deserves $1/4Million/Hour!
CEO pay is about $0.01% of your premium.  If you're going to fight for government medicine, at least find something that has meaning.
The % one pays in doesn't justify this sort of pay package. Ever.
The #CEO of .@myUHC makes $1/4MillionDollarsPerHour. There is NO ONE doing ANYTHING worth $1/4MperHr. It is outrageous greed #TotallyImmoral
#45's say InsurCo ie .@Aetna pull out b/c #ACA is collapsing #WRONG! #CEO pulled out b/c his $111M/yr salary B4 ACA dropped—so he pulled out
What happened to the promised land? Everybody deserve medicines. Keep up the work. Thoughts from Norway
it was the bullshit lie of Obamacare
Keep shining light on--and proposing solutions to--this problem of amoral corporate behavior, Senator. Thank you. #PeopleAreDying #NoGreed
Holistic medicine is better cheaper safer no side effects. Treats the whole body not just symptoms. Love to see this covered on insurance!
Acupuncture, chiropractor, massage etc are great for health maintenance, always have to pay, not covered for me
Insurance should cover catastrophic events.  You should pay for your own tuneups and oil changes.  Insurance prices would plummet if you did
Break up Big Pharma! #SocializeIt #SinglePayer 
Ya! Let's crush em! Then they won't be able to develop any new innovative, life saving treatments in the future! That will show em!
Research can occur without being profit-driven.
Lol. Sure. There is no free lunch, kiddo.
Great argument, gramps.
"Big pharma" is not a single entity. It is a number of businesses competing with each other to undercut & earn the dollar vote.
Government virtually never "does it better." Money follows treatment & cures. Who is paying for research? Who dictates what to research?
Pharmaceutical companies save lives and will continue to do so from profit incentives. That is the world we live in. Keep dreaming.
#thanksObama!
Yes because Republicans had nothing to do with drug companies making money.
Somewhere along the way, Bernie Sanders turned into a profoundly hateful individual.
say thanks failed #obamacre put health insurance back to the American people. Let us decide what we want and need.
How many of those proffits paid for your campaign.
Shameful!
Something is terribly wrong with our society
and you are enjoying your 3 houses and sports car  received from Democrats for selling out to hillary
While corporations complain about foreign advantages, "single payer"
just shows you how jacked up Obamacare is, was supposed to take care of and make things cheaper. Biz r supposed to make money
Almost as much as you made from leftovers campaign money and Hillary's payoff
We CAN never stop striving for a better World.
Well if we got rid of lobbytst in Washington and Congress and Senate would vote the way their constituents wanted them to that would change
they can just steal money from their banks like you and your wife to help afford them.
How's the beach house Hillary bought you? Turncoat
Disgusting!
Cuz of the American greed and it starts in Washington dc
However, you advocate sanctions towards countries, which cut off meds towards children.
#MedicareForAll
.@ConsortiumNews 3/30/17
Duping Americans on Healthcare and War
https://consortiumnews.com/2017/03/30/duping-americans-on-healthcare-and-war/ …
But the Democrats take large donations from those companies and YOU once implied it influences policy
#DraftBernie
More like a shitstorm (from Trump)!
People before profits!
Thank you for your support on insulin prices. Stop the price gouging! #insulin4all #drugprices
Insulin is not free; therefore, it cannot be a "right."  Rights are free.
Health B4 wealth. People not Profit.
please stop giving free to people who don't work and will not work and help people like me that worked the last 50 years
Seriously how is it possible that the US doesn't have medicare coverage, look at your neighbor, around the world, its not ground breaking!
But Bernie, this country is about profit over people. I thought you knew that. #greed #corporationsfirst #screwthelittleguy #workerants
It will get worse with liberals wanting to raise the minimum wage again and again.
That's obscene!  @realDonaldTrump should be working on ways to bring drug prices down instead of encouraging a new worse health plan! BAD
How much have you made
We the people, who ultimately pay the bills, are entitled to the exact same health coverage Mitch McConnell gets.
Wonder how much they spent and invested up front to develop those drugs to realize those profits?
I'd guess not 50 B.
You could sell one of your 3 houses and pay for some of them
So legislate! Propose a big govt solution that fixes the problem. But make sure you get your share Bern.
Yes , this is what the right wing world does to all peoples on earth . Dog eat dog . Profit is all that matters to right wing nuts .
I am short of words
While Americans are dying at the hands of the bleeding heart socialist bernbots.
Socialism SUCKS!!!  Are people this stupid?
Unfathomable! So sad they make that money over people's corpses
Which they re-invest in #research for new drugs. #ProgressiveMoron
Shameless creeps.
Outrageous.  People, revolt, you numbskulls.
#freetheweed #legalizeit #firesessions
Hypocrit using previous violence as a fund raising scheme- dems are intolerant and haters
Totally immoral.
How much $$ did you make Bernie?
Big Pharma making BILLIONS while people die because they can't afford  meds. Does Big Pharma care? Of course not. $$$ = God to Big Pharma.
How dare they make a profit! We need the gov't to set limits on how much individuals and companies can make excluding gov't handouts.
Keep it up Bernie!
It's time for the Sanders Medication Importation Act.
Money they will use to build bigger tombs for themselves ,I guess
Planeloads of patients fly into India from the US for treatment because it costs a fraction here even after adding airfare
Do something about it we elected you now do your job
Obama had 8 long years to fix it, Dem's were in control of a few too, what did they do pass Obama care that has failed - blame THEM
oh my, a coherent thought from Bernie. miracles do exist.
You know Bernie I still don't think the Republicans get it. They are mean spirited and their policies hurt the lives of real people.
That's enough for you to buy another house or two!

Bet it cost them a pretty penny to research/develop/manufacture those drugs. Should they not get paid? Oh, right "socialism". Got it.
And how long @SenSanders have you been in office and what is your wealth? In the millions isn't it!
And for almost 8 years you apparently had blunders on as working ppl paid atrocious prices
Doctors prescribing to many pain pills

Stop the doctors from doing fraud
Maybe you should mention this to @CoryBooker, I'm sure he'll have a chat with them and help you solve this problem.
When was the last time anyone heard Paul Ryan expressing any concerns about those who can't afford their medications, oh, never happened?
Compassionate people aren't they? All about 
Bernie get a life
This needs to change.
It's ur damn #obamacare that is killing #Americans...$10K+ deductibles..many counties have ZERO insurers....#democRATS suck!!!
And this is what is going to happen in the U.K. If we allow NHS to be privatised further
With a "b"
Prevention is way less expensive then Prescription Meds. Do you have a plan to make the  population Healthier so Meds would be unnecessary?
And what was your profiteering worth last year?
What a disgrace! How do these people sleep at night? #Pharmaceutical companies are evil vultures!
AND THAT IS WHY I GO WITHOUT. CAN'T AFORE MEDICATION OR INSURANCE.
that's a shame. These companies are so big, nobody knows where money stays. Curse of globalisation. Big not allways better
And Vaccines aren't even considered Meds and so don't undergo the same rigorous testing, citizens are being scammed to death.
Big business in this country will always win. Greed is a powerful drug. This is the drug we need a war on.
Outlaw usery. Profit shouldn't exist when so many in need worldwide.  Without profit margins to keep, quality goes up, price goes down
Less talking more doing. I am tired of your words. Your're not a man of action. Your just talk and talk and talk and talk
Because of government regulations set in place by lobbyists to allow corporations to run small companies out of business
Who died because they couldn't afford their medication?  Well?
Shame
I'm in UK ; my oldest has Type 1 diabetes, on NHS all meds are free, all health check ups free, eye tests free, footcare free. Thanks NHS!
And you have 3 homes!! Hypocrite
@SmartBlondiey While hundreds of thousands are homeless, you have numerous residences but decry people making money! #Hypocrite
HERE IS THE REASON FOR THE #VAShooting - LIES!!!  
KNOCK IT OFF WITH YOUR DRAMA, HATE & LIES!!
STOP IT!!!!
Thanks man *fist bump* - keep doing difficult things for people that can't on their own. We applaud you. #cnn #BernieSanders  @SenSanders
This? @bfrankusmc Is this really what you fought for? #corporatocracy will not make America great again: banks rescued, citizens shafted
I was against the bank bailout, but CFOs are paid to do one job. Maximise value today.
And why is that? Couldn't be because they are in bed with Congress who set up and protects their monopoly.
That's the negative partisan political rhetoric that has lead to the event in Virginia this morning.
Profits at the cost of HUMAN LIFE! peddling drugs meant for end of life as people are DYING and becoming heroin addicts thanks to these jrks
Exactly.  They make so much profit but then complain about regulations.  Seriously? Billions in profit isn't enough? They want more more 1/2
@SenSanders please pull back on your extreme rhetoric. You are insighting kooks and  not bringing positive change. You are better than this
Can't afford the insurance to cover meds. Did you think about that? What about the crappy overly expensive plans too that don't cover mucj
Or bc your supporters are shooting at them.
So instead of taking the money from their lobbyists why don't you do something about it?
I hv a friend both she and her husband hv high RX costs - their Co-pay is $600!  They r retired.  Worked all their lives. Baby boomers shaft
Shut up old man. We see you now
@SenSanders sen this is why we cant have nice things in this country.
Also: while Americans are dying Dems are doing NOTHING.
Also: while Dems are dying they are still doing NOTHING.
6/ of us buy your @GOP bs. We r watching u on cspan w r own eyes. any regrets on NRA MONEY U TOOK 2 put guns in hands of mentally ill?
5/ past public while u played shell game .. watch Comey.. watch Sessions don't watch us pass laws while ur looking over there. Well not ALL
Good thing that both of you worked so hard to get Trump elected to ensure safeguarding those profits...#NeverBernie
4/ poor, children & keep fat cats RICH! Tax breaks, PRIVATE INFRASTRUCTURE BIDS 2 Line your rich friends pockets ... priceless sneaking that
3/ over those of us w PREEXISTING conditions. LORD KNOWS I ASKED FOR MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS! But please @GOP continue 2 screw over sick, vets..
2/ HAPPY 2 line BIG PHARMAS POCKETS & government officials who take lobbyists payouts to keep cost high ... oh andHUGE THX 2 @GOP 4 screwing
1/ $120,000a year (10,000.00 a month) 4 my TECFEDERA which is multiple sclerosis medication. Not to add up the addition meds I HAVE 2 TAKE.
I watch my drug costs like a hawk-lest I end up in the dreaded Coverage Gap. I need my #Symbicort
And while the nation is in chaos, Bernie fights the good fight for us. Thank you.
I thought Obamacare took care of this? Yea, didn't u voted for it?  So it's ur fault!!
It's just capitalism Sir. That's how it works.
Bernie Sanders is the best hope for the US & world now. The evolution of Capitalism requires necessary  corrections w/Democratic Socialism
Oxy- Heroin is an intentional scam. One company made 70 Bil. off one kind of 12 hour Oxy, changing prescriptions to allow it.
Woah. And anyway - the drugs don't work
But if you take away their profits those drug companies might die! (he said ironically)
No healthcare solution is comple w/o a regulatory arm to control price increases. Real property ins. & utilities have consumer protections
.. u must recognise the costs/risks in developing/testing new drugs w/out public funding-initial "targets" should be on drugs M&A'd IMHO 2/2
don't want 2 tweet u to death but terrible behaviour by drugs USA M&A'd has been going on in Italy+they have even got away with it w. UK NHS
its a global issue and EASY (lawyers aside) to tackle by voiding patents for "price gouging" M&A shysters at the same time .. 1/2
Veterans died while you were the head of the veterans affairs committee

#Hemp will save the planet!!!
And those drug companies will help even more people in the coming years. Capitalism and America are great! @SenSanders You are a failure.
You better stop finessing the plug Bernie ol boy....
hey people quit blaming obama care on insurance increases its not that its the greedy insurance companies doing this they dont want to payou
the new #Trump "American exceptionalisn"
Bernie Sanders need to give away all your money first, top 1% income earner.  Half of the World have no medical coverage, even me.
Money is the root of all evil
That's sad.  How could they live with themselves
Help us Bernie!  The Republicans are plotting against us.  Designing a healthcare bill in secret!
Boinie-how about you and the wife come clean about her illegal dealings while President of the now defunct Burlington College? #TermLimits
And yet you continue to support the party that enables this!
Profit, and big profit is what this administration is about.  They certainly won't do anything that would diminish profits for the rich.
Why didn't ACA fix the cost of medicines? Another Democrat failure that was passed on lies, cost American families, and resulted in worse.
shut up Bernie! People don't care about whether or not they can afford their life saving drugs. They want to know if Trump peed on a hooker!
Your point being?
WHILE MANY COLLECT FOOD STAMPS &EELFAIR CHECKS PEOPLE WHO ARE MILLIONAIRES GIVE NOTHING BUT SPEACHES LIKE YOU BERNIE &14%TAXES NO FAIR SHARE
have said that all along, if healthcare costs was controlled, healthcare would be affordable, that is main problem
WERE YOU NOT A SENATOR WHEN THEY ALLEGEDLY MADE THESE PROFITS?
GUESS YOU GET DIVIDENDS ALSO? YOUR EYES ARE BROWN--TAKE THE SWORD...
Should the restauranteur provide food for free?  Should the gas station provide gas for free?  Revise tort and regulation and costs go down
America needs universal healthcare,  get rid of insurance companies. Healthcare should not be a business. That is how the US got into mess
Bernie Type one Diabetics are getting hurt in America. Its not like we have an option to take insulin. Its $4 in Australia, here its $100's
This retired RN has little patience for your epiphany! Where has our gov't been the lady 30 yrs while Americans go without meds d/t cost?
So what has our government done to regulate the costs of meds for Americans the last 30 yrs.? Nada!
This has been going on for yrs. I'm a retired nurse who took care of patients in ER who couldn't afford their meds for last 30 years.
#SaveOurNHS from corporate vultures, Tory MPs & private healthcare providers!
@sherylunderwood
Soooo bad!!
When Americans can't afford to pay there payroll and property taxes then Congress ieasting money and costing the government too much. Truth
Not new. Hospital and pharma costs are the issues not the insurance
Americans are dying huh?
One pharamaceutical company has done more to save lives than all the socialists that have ever lived combined.
And if you believe what you're saying it's all obama's fault-
Yes money is the problem not people or government Free enterprise exchange or free commodity order Only solution for income equality, peace.
And they saved millions of lives in the process. You would rather more people died, so long as Big Pharma made less. Typical socialist.
Unreal, unbalanced, unfair. Just what the GOP stands for. #americagonewrong
Shall I ask under what administration. ..lol
SIR U HAVE BEING LONG IN GOVT WHY COMPLAINING NOW
Oh and profits from arms deal. Gun violence again will not be a focus.
Sinful!!!
I don't get how some people could care less unless it affects them directly...how heartless smh!!
While Americans are dying because they can't afford their medications, you are making million writing books pretending to head a revolution.
That's just wrong  We should care for everyone in our society not just the wealthy few!
There is something FUCKING wrong with this picture!!!
Oh, under Obama?
Is it a bad thing to profit from the job you are doing? U r talking about the 5 biggest!
That is sicking.

Good Bernie but show your taxes and join the party
$50 billion in 2015 Pharm profits and people will die under trumpcare!  @realDonaldTrump
That means they can develop almost 3 new drugs. Sounds good to me.
Which one of your houses were you in when you heard that?  Feel the Bern my ass
How about sharing with the sick  & indigent -not to mention the middle class who can't afford  healthcare. #inhumane!
Maybe you should pay for some of he medications with the money you were paid by Clinton to succeed the Nomination and endorse that murderer!
