Thank you SenSanders for tweeting terrorist! Telling it like it is!
the left has blood on its hands while pushing the Putin playbook leveraging hate to divide us, Bernie, so u still hate #america
This man trump is for hate hate he's got the whole world at war and he's injoying it.
Thank You Bernie for calling it what it truly is a terrorist attack
Clearly U don't give a shit about the 6 cops who were shot Friday night. Controlling the narrative as usual...
We promise that Heather did not die in vain! We will avenge her and continue the fight the battle. Thank you Bernie!!
Says the lying criminal Democratic nazi group
Says the not American Russian troll.

Have you figured out yet that 'identity politics' is NOT irrelevant as you say? That catering to white male 'economic anxiety' is racist?
New Statue.  #HeatherHeyer #HeatherHeyerAct. #HeatherHeyerHero #AntiFascist
FUNNY HOW QUICK LIBERAL DEMOCRATS ARE TO CALL WHITES TERRORIST BUT WILL NOT CALL ISIS TERRORIST ...YOU WONDER WHY YOU LOST HOUSE,SENATE,PREZ
How sad that another life is lost to Nazi and white supremacist hate today in America. Wasn't WWII enough?
You should of been president Bernie . You are so easy to understand and much knowledgeable than this current so called President 
Lmao sad you think this true
Thanks for actually saying her name. You should be our president sir.
He should be our President?  ROFFLMFFAO!!! Damn pesky other voters. Damn election results. Only YOUR vote should count. 
Thank you, Bernie. Rest in Power, #HeatherHeyer 
Thank you for calling it what it IS . TERRORISM!!!!
? Not one word about the 2 troopers that died?  Doesn't fit there snowflake based!
This was by far not the only attack this weekend.
They need to be charged with attempted murder bcuz when you hit someone with a pipe you know very well it could result in death.PERIOD!
Did you call the shooter of the Republican at their baseball practice a terrorist? Yea right
Hello   Bernie

Thank you for your kindness and your sanity.
You are responsible for Scalise shooting with your hateful rhetoric
we need 2 demand this be tried as a hate crime AND an act of terrorism #feelthebern #charlottesvilles #WhiteSupremacists #terror
Did the wife find the missing millions yet
I am gratified HR McMaster, our NatSec expert called Charlottesville a terrorist attack, which allows all violent perps to be prosecuted.
NEVER HEARD YOU,DEMS OR OBAMA GIVING CONDOLENCES TO THE FAMILIES MURDERED BY ILLEGAL FELONS LIKE MS-13 PROTECTED BY SANCTUARY CITIES
Yes, however, it was a terrorist act. To me, its terrifying what I witnessed from a far, imagine for those up close.
Thank you for saying her name. We have to do something to fix this. I'm scared for my children to grow up in Trumps America.
I am a bit unsure due to reading conflicting articles on the net. Was she protesting against or for Neo-Nazism and white supremacy?
Regardless. She died because some terrorist ran over her with a car.
Wait. When are we going to start saying 50 Iraqis/Syrians/Afghanistanis children were killed by terrorist jet fighter strikes today?
Because that sh*t is straight racist and genocidal. We're not bombing and droning "terrorists" when they're in France or Sweden.
Only when they are conveniently located in non-white nations where the citizens have no voice.
And for those condoning and wishing for more
There are fk faces on both side of the spectrum.
Similar dialogue from the left should be handled the same way. Basically praying for genocide is a line between free speech and just hate.
Condolences, sympathy and Aloha to her family sad sad loss. Never should have happened
Why not just call them criminals? Isn't murder for any reason a criminal act?
Home grown ...
My condolences for out to Representative Scalise, he was shot by one of YOUR supporters!  You didn't disavow him fast enough.......
Thank you, continue to lead us!
So if he's a white guy it's terrorism, but an Islamist and it's workplace violence? Terrorism is terrorism and a one way ticket to Hell.

Our condolences to the victims of your supporters, Hodgkinson, Christian and planned parenthood for that matter! !
Fraud
Thank you for saying her name. Trump didn't.
Our condolences go out to the victims of bernie sanders supporters, Jeremy Christian and James Hodgkinson, actions!
Thanks Bernie for using her name. You are someone America should be proud of and also ashamed that you aren't our President.
You never said anything to Steve Scalise after your boy Jimmy tried to sn^ff him?
Your rabblerousing causes this kind of hate and I know u don't care
During the confrontation between two radical sectors of America!! Say it correctly hipocrit!!
why didn't you ever say anything about the 77 people who were run down in Nice France?
How do u know Bernie did Hillery call u?
Thank you, Senator, for calling it what it was. But I guess I'm reiterating what many others are also saying. This hatred has no place here!
Yes #SellOutSanders but which side was he on? Do you truly know yet? Of course not but you just love spreading all that fear & hate!
God Bless Heathers family 
Too bad you met with BLM after cops we murdered instead of offering condolences.
Thank you Bernie for calling it what it is. That other guy in the white house is incapable of saying this. You should be in the white house.
White supremacy is not a response to identity politics; identity politics are a response to white supremacy.
Thank you for honoring the women whose life was taken by crazy fascist and ignored by the worse president ever in the history of the USA
Bernie please run for POTUS in 2020!  We need to get Donny out of the office!!!
Couldn't leave the politics out of it could you Bernie Liberal Losing Hypocrite.

,Why does the two officers who were working for order and killed, less important than a woman attending Rally, was killed?
the alleged protesters, had weapons and were dressed in helmets, protective gear and had baseball bats, some sort of canisters are exempt!
When it's a white guy, the terrorist word comes out. If it's any other damn race or religion, it's "radicalized".
It is sad that she lost her life because of the scum of fascist kkk, blm, antifa, and other socialists like yourself Bernie.
Just to let you know Bern, her blood is on your hands, and other person who supports Wh Surp, antifa, BLM, cair, Muslim bHood, and etc.
Exactly!
A terrorist is Right but he was supported by your buddy Soros 
Calls it like he sees it
Finally you say something that's not crazy! Their's hope?
Yes terrorist they blame the victim then the police typical for any haters post those pictures on social media &  let the public do the rest
I hope you will use the same term, "terrorist", to describe any Communist (Antifa, etc.) that attacks a conservative in the same manner.
Thank you Bernie for calling this what it is. Terrorism!
If you hadn't lied about HRC and helped get Trump elected, this probably would not have happened. Wake up to your responsibility for this.
Tell me one confirmed lie he said about HRC. Also, with his strong condemnation of Trump and his endorsement of HRC, you can't blame him.
the utility of donald trump is that he will give us you!
"you" here was meant to be @SenSanders
My Condolences to the family also.Coming from a man who took Hillary's pay off to drop out of the race. I find it hard to believe you care 
What about the two officers ????
Stop advertising on Breitbart.
People are just unhappy Greed and ignorance all over the whole world because Rich can't get enough
This was by no means an act of terrorism. Once again you're going to take a powerful word, use it to death & remove its powers. #boycrywolf
Stand in the street blocking traffic get run over
very upset. Hard to know what to say. Protests are part of democracy - - Maybe that's why the murderer was angered.
@POTUS @billclinton @POTUS44 @SenSanders My condolences to Heather Heyer & other victims & their family & friends.
Props for calling the son of a bitch what he is.
What a tragedy
Your Dem Mayor and Dem Governor set this whole thing up! Heathers family should sue them both!
wont say Islamic terrorist but right on top of calling a US citizen a terrorist. Not that he isn't but just saying.
RIP
She was killed by a terrorist 2 days ago. just now commenting? What were u waiting for? And where are your tax returns?whatcha hiding?!? 
Bernie you should condemn the antifa crowed that allowed this to happen
What about victims of people who supported you? If Trumps at fault for this then you are for them.
Yes a terrorist
Watch the Father and feel his pain and his love. His daughter is a courageous hero who wanted what was right. https://twitter.com/ethicalspeech/ …
Play stupid games,win stupid prizes
Rest in peace Heather.
Maybe protesters will finally learn to stay off the streets and not disrupt traffic.
What would U call Obama when said this?What are we when we bomb 7 Countries of Brown People and fund thier death?
Bit slow there.
How about we fire the Mayor of Charlottesville who told the police to "stand down" rather than allowing them from stopping the violence
Don't run in 2020
She was a Bernie supporter you troll
Past time to start calling a terrorist  a terroist.
Her blood is on your hands for encouraging violence & @TheDemocrats for funding & training protesters
A beautiful  Angel
Not sure why media does NOT lable this as terrorist act,& lable it as terrorisum. He's not even charged with Terrorisum, ANYONE else would
On going Zionist plan
A white supremacy socialist terrorist.
Cut the free healthcare and lifetime outrageous pay to Congress and Senate
That supported Democrats and why didn't u condemn the shooter who shot up the ball practice
Or why don't you also condemn the domestic terrorists groups BLM and Antifa; the former responsible for killing cops in Dallas.
A way must be found for remembering this champion of social justice.
We are OUTRAGED
So sad.
I wish you would use "terrorist" when it's a Muslim. It's always lone wolf or work place violence.
As long as you apply the term Terrorist consistently across all range of politically motivated violence.
There should be a #NewStatue for #HeatherHeyer in #Charlottesville #CharlottesvilleCurriculum #NoHate
What about it supporter that tried to assassinate Republicans? Why didn't u go there when ur supporter shot people up?
come check out "the real Bernicrats"........fb group.........this has been all over it since it happened
My condolences go out to the people of this country because of the democratic terrorists that are running it.
What about for the two police officers?
She was killed by the alt-right and white supremacists, Bernie.
I’m conservative, but Bernie is correct here. The suspect does fully fit the dictionary definition of “Terrorist”.
Terrorists attacked his car and try to kill him, he panic and use his car to protect himself, ppl die.
Someone hit back panel of his car with a plank once. Don’t tell me it’s reason to ram a crowd of people.
I would use gun to protect myself, he panic and use his car. Ppl do stupid things when in high stress situation
Personally, I don’t buy it right now. But that’s the case he will have to prove to the jury.
Yes
I am a Heather, and I support this.
Thank you, Senator, for calling this what it is. Terrorism.
It's a Miracle more ppl Were not Killed. Heyer  Family we Mourn with you. God will Punish All Evil Doers.
It's official. If you are still a supporter of @realDonaldTrump after what happened in Charlottesville, you are a supporter of hate.
They are your supporters Bern
FAR BETTER THAN WORDS OF CHIEF OF NOTHING #trumpswamp #trumpkkk @realdonaldtrump @maddow @nytimes @wsj @StephenAtHome @billmaher @MMFlint
Listen to the Trump hater tweets. Like a "cur" dog, they bite the hand that feeds them. So sad.
Yes, terrorist is the correct term. 

Too bad Trump can't call a spade a spade.

Instead these scumbags consider his comments an endorsement
stuck accelerator pedal actually
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachPence
#FireBannon 
#FireKushner 
#FireMiller
#FireGorka
#FireHannity
#NaziTrumpFuckOff
Stop Steve Bannon!!!
Terrorist is right.
IT SHOULDVE BEEN BERNIE 

So glad you have the integrity to call it like it is!
Just like your president is being criticized for, thank you for the condolences so quickly. #72hours
May she rest in the peace that she sought during her life!
Vice-Mayor of Charlottesville arriving to his office after participating in counter protest.  Nice backpack
Who also was provoked by antifa and BLM other Terrorists . add that to your condolences BS.
We are saddened by her sudden death as a result of her beliefs. Our love and thoughts to Heather's Mom and family. 

Do you disavow Antifa?
It's time for the military to take Obama and cohorts out! No more false flags and loss of innocent lives!
She lost her life fighting evil & we will honor her by continuing her work in principle & spirit. #HeatherHeyer #NeverLoseYourSenseOfOutrage
What about the terrorist that shot Scalise?
You mean killed by a democrat
Last I checked "terrorist" didn't mean you were affiliated to a certain party
Let's not turn a heinous crime, national shame & human tragedy into a contest about using the word "terrorism". This is no time for egos.
Actually, this is the perfect time to use that word. The problem is that people see "Terrorist" they think of "Brown people".
No, not everyone does. That's part of the problem. 'Talking points' overshadow the real issues & obscure the true enemy. #WeThePeopleUNITED
But, it really does matter who uses the word "Terrorist". Trump refuses to use that word when it comes to someone who is white. He racist.
Thank you for using the correct term for describing the perpetrator.
Rest In Peace Heather. You lost your life fighting for injustice and hatred.
But you'll still beg for their votes right? Loser.
I agree.
I might be Canadian but you sir are a true gentleman and should be in the WH not @realDonaldTrump.You have class and respect for others.
She was murdered.  Use the word.  Heather D. Heyer was Murdered by a terrorist.  A white male terrorist.
TBF, "killed my terrorist" is murder.
Terrorists never "kill"
Just murder
Murder as a word has greater impact.  Cancer kills. Animals kill. Only people murder.
Yes mine too....but @SenSanders I must have missed your condolences tweet about the anti-trump shooter in PA who killed his neighbor.
You did.  He was eloquent and denounced all forms of violence. And did it within the hour
Hmmm.......I've looked back again at his tweets.   No mention specifically of the PA shooting.
Oh sorry, I saw it on the news. And I believe on his Facebook page, but don't quote me on that.
I appreciate @sensanders message even though I disagree with his solutions for this country.   All of this violence needs to be condemned
Isn't it nice to know that even though we disagree politically, we can actually have a conversation?
I wish it were more common just like you do.  
Other than the racist, we all want the same thing.  What's best for our country as a whole.   We'll never get there being this divided.
Thank you Bernie for using the word terrorist. You or Hillary would have rule the nation better.
We Know
Thank you for using the T-word.
@realDonaldTrump hateful rhetoric during his campaign and his alt right peeps that he surrounds himself with emboldened these groups.
The left emboldened them too.
White nationalist w/ tiki torches & carrying weapons to intimidate, a tactic that the KKK used to intimidate minorities for yrs? Try again 
1 KKK was founded by the left and I'm pretty sure they didn't use tiki torches from Lowe's back then... Believe what you want. But your hate
Thank you for calling him a terrorist.
He posted something similar yesterday. Pay attention.
A US-terrorist ;)
When anti trump protesters are under attack what do we do
sad to see you need to back your own president to a wall just to make him say that "racism is evil".. what's next?
Really Bernie??? Resist!  take it the streets??? Yeah I'm sure you care!!! Left losers
Are you kidding me?
Thank you Bernie the coward @realDonaldTrump won't say it because it'll hurt his base
And what about the two law enforcement officers who died? Do their lives matter to you leftists?
They died in an accident. They weren't killed because of somebody's twisted beliefs. Try to tell the difference.
What about Rep Scalise? Was his attempted murder at the hands of a Leftist anti-Trumper? YES. So you are all murderers then? Your logic
What group was driver with Antifa?
Thank you, Sen. Sanders for making a respectable statement when our president failed to do so.
And he tried 3 times.   We have the fuhur in chief.  #TheResistance
Führer*
Spell check
Sen Sanders, its time to introduce legislation banning hate and racist rallies, 1st amendment is NOT an excuse for hate.
BLM might not like being silenced.
in #HeatherHeyer honor, pls engage in the political process. She was a Bernie supp who was inspired 2 fight 4 racial/socal/economic justice
Thank you, senator Sanders, for having the guts to call this what it is: terrorism, plain and simple.
Thanks for calling it what it is.
you're a true leader. Keep up the great work.
took you long enough
#FireBannon
Poor woman, I understand she was a paralegal.
How tragic.  

