Keep them honest, like you.
Thanks for fighting to save Obamacare!  We must not lighten up. Keep the pressure up Sen Sanders!
Lol, Bernie is just like Joel Olstein , he lives rich while claiming he cares for the poor.
Yeah! His 40 years of actually fighting for the poor and WALKING WITH MLK means nothing. He just likes pretending to support poor people.
Ummm, we are talking about Bernie Sanders. He never walked with MLK. Nice try though.

One more time: that picture is not of Bernie Sanders, who did not march in Selma. His campaign has *confirmed* this. https://twitter.com/colmorrisdavis/status/697962615742586881 …
I hate spreading false information. So thanks.
You aware his wife bankrupted a college and walked away with $200k golden parachute, ripping off college kids?
And you are fine with spreading misinformation. There's something called being innocent until you are provten guilty.
Bernie, you're manspreading. See what that guy on your left is doing? knees shoulder-width apart? Do that. Perfectly acceptable for men.

Continue to make a fool of yourself, Bennie

When only Bernie does the group project.
I'll be watching!
finish them, Bernie!
Working last night. Just heard  it via CNN on YouTube
Bernie Show Dementia are us Shut Down http://Fed.Gov .States can run government better save A fortune
Thank you, Senator!!
For fake news?  No thanks.. I'd rather watch comedy central.
They can't hang with you Bernie!
#DebateWithAWalkingMuppet 
Great job!
Socialist shills!
Bernie for president 2020!!!
There are corrupt dems too, paid off by ins ceos, so single payer probably would have a tough road.
I no longer respect Lindsey Graham
How come Cassidy and graham won't look at an idea like single payer. If u truly want to fix, ALL options should be on the table.
Cassidy and graham look like lobbyists, rather than curious caring  representatives of the people.
You go senator
I think the cloud has dibs
So hard to watch the lies! Thank you 4 working on this. Dems Abroad Progressive Caucus, Our Revolution Vancouver r with you!
Watching....

You should be our voice but your silent are u that defeated how could u run for president and the be so silent  so disappointed be heard

Please tell the guy saying check it out it's on" my Facebook" that don't make it true!!! Facebook is not the place to look for accuracy.omg
Yuh huh. Facebook is always true. Just ask Zuckerberg or Putin.
Free healthcare,amnesty,open borders....you trying to bankrupt the USA bernie boy!
can't watch ,you're deranged
Smash em Bernie
Two BS. The station and u? R u kidding.
Listening to Republicans lie unconvincingly. It sickens me.
Check out the Benefits packages for healthcare CEOs. $100K, $96K, $72K.
Graham made your point for you! That was Pure Gold!!!
Let's exposed Republican sellouts
Kick ass and take names, Bernie. Let these lying assholes have it with both barrels.
while you sit w/ some of those knuckleheads, pop in earbuds and at least enjoy @TheUSASingers 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8aDFKB5G3N8 …
#Resist
i love you, Bernie!!!!
Give them hell Bernie!
Expand Medicare for all. I'd rather pay more taxes than have my employer hand over my monthly premiums to a greedy for profit insurance co.
Congressional members choose gold-level Obamacare policy and receive federal subsidies that cover 72 percent of the cost of the premiums.
Fuck the DNC cheaters. No forgiveness. Corrupt cheaters.
Go Bernie, go!!
Not a chance in hell.
Watching Graham and Cassidy in the hot seat is grrreat!!!!!!!

Don't you have a debate partner, you sexist POS?
I'll give it a miss thanks. You need to step aside and let new blood in so they can unite the left instead of dividing it. CRUCIAL now.
Thanks but I's rather test bullet proof vests.
The GOP are trying to pretend to have a replace, but they only want to repeal
GOP just be honest, you want repeal only & all US citizens can fend for themselves PERIOD!! That is the only reason u can't pass a bill
Did they give @HillaryClinton the debate questions again
Let 'em feel the bern!!!! Thanks for all you have done and continue to do.
Tell Senator Graham I am from SC my premiums have not gone up. My insurance is great for me. It WORKS for me and my family.
Nice spin Cassidy, sadly so many ppl will be suckered by your twisted lies so you can give your rich elite more $ while poor die. Sick man
I'm with ya Bernie 
Yeah right watch A communist on Communist news network
I thought the stomping @tedcruz gave you would be enough. I am going to count how many times you mischaracterize what a right is.
Watching u! Slaying them!
Could u @SenSanders tell the truth about health care for once in ur life?? No more bullshit from u and other Dems!
And are they only going to let you talk about saving romneycare Bernie? Tragic
Why would I want to be lied to by a socialist and a cable network news that he’s my president no thank you
I will watch the slaughter of Cassidy lies on the reruns. Can't miss Number 1 show, @maddow on @MSNBC Be there!

I'll go scratch my nails on a chalkboard. Far less irritating than you.
#feelthebern!!!
Bernie, is your favorite holiday Halloween? Walk around, get free stuff for doing nothing?
Great opening, Senator!
Will boycott! Fearing you are jeopardizing #SaveACA
Berners shhhhhh the Voice is on
That opening statement was F I R E!!! Let them know the truth.
Why? He's got all the questions...its @CNN so you know they went over it with him...

#CNN you trying to push this corpse in 2020?
Crap News Network???  No thanks!

Ugh. No thanks.
debate with  me, please
Did you get some schmutz on your tie?
Fuck em up Bernie
No. I despise you for your egotistical grandstanding.
It's called civil debate you're the one grandstanding...personal attacks don't help
Hearing a lot of lies. But you're so good at it
Set this shit straight Bernie!
Who picked this photo?
Go Bernie!
Anyone know a way I can watch this without CNN
You gonna wander around the stage again?
"debate"
You're gonna kill it Bman!
Go Bernie!!
Burnie is CNN FAKE NEWS BWAHAHAHAHA
Let's go Bernie 
Loser debate
get 'em gramps!
Just fix the ACA for now!
What a pussy, just stay in the basement looser, don't buy a house for now. 

Step the fuck aside  #M4A Now
Maybe CNN will suggest a Sanders-Graham 2020 ticket...
Go Bernie!
Drag them dad
Get em' Bernie! 
Thank you, Bernie!!!
At least we know there's one person with integrity on @CNN's stage tonight!
GET EM BERN!
No thanks
He's not spineless, and you were never a Marine.
fuck 'em up grandpa
Bernie is FIRED UP!!!
