Poll after poll after poll tells us the overwhelming majority of Americans don't want cuts Medicare or Medicaid.
In this budget, Republicans want to cut Medicare by $473 billion and Medicaid by over $1 trillion in the next 10 years. Disgraceful.
Lol. Bernie 2020?  maybe the DNC can rig it again-Swindle away more of your cash. Ole Bern can get another vaca home too.  Ha! Too funny!
Do you have a point to make regarding the budget?
No, she's too busy laughing at her ill informed "covfefeness" best to just leave her to the delusion.
Ya know...There was a lawsuit against the DNC because of their corruption. I get loyalty people but you guys are just willingly blind!
Plus, the suit was dropped. But you know . . . Covfefe.
So it doesn't matter that Bernie supporters were duped by the DNC-Just that the judge dismissed the lawsuit. The epitome of blind loyalty.
Its adorable that you think I'm loyal to them. I'm no Democrat. The DNC had the right to do what they did. I think every politician's shit
Mm
WHY DON'T  THE DEMOCRATS PUT UP THEIR BUDGET WITH PAY FORES NOW IS OUR CHANCE TO GET IT PASSED. AND GET IT SIGNED.
JB k
Please follow the money!
They just want to do something 'great'
Democrats did worse under Obama.
How on the modest government income of a US senator do career politicians like Bernie Sanders become multi-millionaires? Follow the money
Wrong his is not a multimillionaire but you already know that.
ok so if crazy Bernie’s not rich then I guess you paid for his 6 million dollar home?
We mm
The IRS needs a proper budget. Why not fund the agency that brings in the most $ for our country?
Lol the IRS is the most corrupt of them all!
I respect your opinion even though I highly disagree. Are they perfect? No. If you dislike tax laws, talk to Congress. IRS only enforces.
What’s your fake comment on this profound video
Everytime the #Republicans take over its #TaxCuts 4 the Rich,then when The #Dems take over the #GOP Scream deficit 2 high!
The Aden’s are the reason the deficit is to high in the first damn place
I presume you meant Dems. But you need to check that. Reagan and Bush sky rocketed our debt on trickle down and wars and now 45 is at it
You can’t be that stupid?!? Can you
"follow the money" is also why we preferred you over the establishment dem choice
I bow in acquiescence to your superior grammatical skills.
They have lost all respect for taxpayers. The voters have given these egomaniacs carte blanche. Their hatred is palpable.
Hey Bernie how many homes do you own .. just another politician that became rich ..
They only think of themselves not us the little people
Speaking of $, Bernie - which of your 3 homes did you tweet from?
That is irrelevant to his tweet. See, it doesn't matter if the senator has 3 homes. What does matter is the substance of the tweet.
Tom Foley
I prefer Mick Foley
No socialism! We need a bunch of these able body welfare people to go to work. Illegals are loading our welfare systems. Most countries in the world require anyone coming into their country to prove financial ability. All working class people and businesses need tax reform.
Tying
The truth is evident. Yet who do 2nd and 3rd class Republicans continually blame when they can't receive healthcare?
Lay this on the gop, Medicare for all: 50 years up, current monthly cost, 50 down, double the monthly cost. It will bring in extra money and protect all Americans.
Cuts are necessary. You let all the illegals come here. And give it to them. Nothing is free
Democrats want more handouts and lower taxes. A second grader could tell you that won't work.
Bernie u & Hilary have NO IDEA how 2 handle war or Foreign countries ur economics = weak
All bernie supports is abusing welfare system 
Trump doesn’t know anything about war either, he dodged the draft 6 times because his foot hurt.
Shut up #BankFraudBernie..you're a lying sell out 
To be reasonable if Americans didn't want rep budget they would have voted you in... they didn't sooooooo
Soooo the voters who elected Trump are ignorant???? I believe soooo!
I never said that or hinted at that. But nice try at a spin.....
I truly don't seek to hurt people. Its just that people who value money, exclusion, and judgement are ignorant. People matter more!
Great I'm none of those people. Might ask Bernie who he sold out for that giant house he lives in tho.
Been following the $$, seems like most of it has ended up in the Clinton Foundation. Did you get yours?
Lol! Seems our college kids that you have helped to brainwash think it’s an awesome plan
Are you talking Hillary money From Russia
Why do republicans continue to spend time and energy trying to dismantle good programs that were good for so many Americans?Their demise.
And see where it goes....
So I've been "following the money" for 3 decades #DNC #RNC #Corrupt so I agree but...! #rich #Winning & you went silent when we #rised ???
Bernie, get over yourself, you haven't a clue what American people want.  Crazy old man.
You lost- and the person you ran against, lost. Have you ever had a good idea?
I followed the money... your wife took it.
When you say American People you are referring to the mass of lazy and clueless people that follow you right?
I read a study that suggested that more than half of his supporters had never earned a paycheck of any type.
That's not surprising!
Funny you should mention budget, something Democrats had a hard time developing. Also, funny that a socialist like you presumed to know what the people inAmerica want.
I wish I owned 3 houses
So when Im tens of 1000s in debt, I should spend anyway cause thats what my kids & wife want. Can you do anything without running up a tab?
No Berne,  its only the socialist / 'communist that want what you want, which is lots of free stuff. I want to pay less tax and ban abortion
because they love money & hate their fellow citizens The owners or donors want it all & don’t care who suffers while they profit
I don’t know @SenSanders they didn’t want you, but you know what they want ? I’ll follow the money to the door of 1 of your three houses!
Bernie, what are you doing to help get a budget? Sounds like all you ever know how to do is complain and tear down.
Worst healthcare
Think about it how you going to explains to your kids about politics,when alot of statements on here is childlish. This country growup
Some of the points here is bias,my family was Christian how can anyone be a president and lie after lie....come on someone need be grownup.
They are following the money, or at the very least what the money is telling them to do
You are a Socialist.
And a Liar.
What Americans don't want is for Socialism to turn us into another Venezuela, or anything like it.
Okay?
Approx half of America only wants what theyve earned. The other half wants what the 1st half earned. Which half are u speaking for? 
Tax reform: Tax cuts for Trump's companies and the top 1%. Say no to Tax reform until President Trump releases 45 years of tax returns.

Why are Democrats ignoring 
#UraniumOne
#ClintonCollusion
????????
Follow the money to your pockets! Any new houses yet we can track to you?
Same polls that had HRC winning?
Speaking of following the money. has the FBI found anything new on you yet? But in answer to your post, Americans want money! Our money.
Like the absurd money you DC politicians get paid from rest of us working under your absurd policies you exempt yourselves from? Tyrant
May the GOP Bern!
Why don't u just go to one of ur three million dollar homes or take a walk with Hillary.
Coming from a guy who owns 3 houses, or was given 3 houses by special interests Do as I say not as I do.
You have nerve criticizing GOP budgets & push Budget Busting Calamity Single Payer HC & Free College-Your policies would bankrupt US-NutJob
What's going on with the FRAUD case your wife is under investigation for???
Isn't your wife under criminal investigation. Quiet criminal.
you lost. #saysitall #clueless #corrupt #idiot #retire #MAGA
Why did you pay 13.2% in taxes last year? You are Bernie the Fraud
Why don't you talk about Public Banking to solve this problem? Ellen Brown and the public bank of North Dakota have plenty of solutions.
REALLY? Do we really have to debate, if we should give MORE or LESS, of OUR money, to a group of people that can't even balance a budget?
Why are you still in lockstep with a party and system that colluded against you in the presidential election? Follow the money.
We the American people want this Comrade socialism is out
Get the Koch’s hands off our country!
Because you lost?
Sorry Bern. You lost me after you bought your 3rd house with cash. Limousine Liberal is more like it. This is Trump Country now.  #MAGA
@girls1rule
Because, as Tillerson said the man he works for is a MORON. He will set our country back 60 years. Lock him up with his kind,  Weinstein
ARE "they"HUMAN,ARE "they" AMERICAN,many ask!LOOK@what they are doing,their Agendas!See the patterns,their m.o.'s!
Are someRepublicans "evil" &/or are theyTHREATENED by "evil ONES"!VISUALIZE&SEND YOUR LOVE&LIGHT&FIGHT to FINDtheTRUTH!LOVEtoALL^
if you know what the American people wanted you would be #POTUS
SELLOUT SOCIALIST SANDERS - DO NOTHING COMPLAINER IN CHIEF
Why are you telling the public that fed taxes fund spending when you know that's false. Ask Stephanie Kelton. #MMT
Why are you a fraud? Why is it every time you speak, you lie? You and your wife followed the money, how did that go?
Bernie - what do we do?? We're flabbergasted at the level of misdirection, lies, and corruption. No one listens!
Because they are cutting it short so that the rich can get their huge tax cuts. You can’t have both.
Bernie Sanders I asked myself the same question,  there's only one life time for one to live why do they want more money!
Didn't know Republicans and ' the American people ' are two separate entities
but did you see whats going on with us over here in Illinois about to borrow a shit load of money to pay off some shit money debt
Because they don't actually care about what the American people want?
Senator, the money is with your wife who committed bank fraud!!
Noam Chomsky said it best...truly evil s**t going on behind Trump's headlines & distractions.
We don't want ur bullshit fantasy "plan" either. Go back to school.
Bernie Sanders, for being a old guy, you certainly became an old fool. Not wise at all.
Because whatever republican citizens want now they'll wait for the explicit cue from their idols in corporate government to tell them what they really want and cling to that idea.
You know why they work for donors not voter's plain and simple
They hate the average American
The Americans who aren't in favor of the budget are Americans who don't count. Only billionaires matter.
Your skewed opinion does not make it so. Your statement of “what the American people want” is not all encompassing and fact. Keep it real!
Because half the country won't acknowledge what they want, they'll wait for republicans, the priests of their cult, to tell them what they really want then defend giving plutocrats and oligarchs whatever THEY want.
Between existing corporate tax law and a $700bn DoD budget, I just don’t understand why we don’t have funds for healthcare, etc. /sarcasm
They’ve screwed all but the 1%. All republicans who voted for this need to go.
Just because some Americans want something does not necessarily make that the right decision.
They money is going to your socialist handout programs #MAGA #WednesdayWisdom
you are absurd you communist asswipe. Love trump
Because trump is soooo great #sarcasm
We r bringing forth the budget because we are 20 trillion dollars in debt
Because they're Republicans. It's what they do. Dumb question.
And they keep telling us what we want. We WANT the #ACA but yet they continue to say we don't. That was so 8 years ago.
Look at Sweden. 30% income tax = free school, glasses for youth, health care 25$ and more. Look and learn!
Because he’s planning a new swamp in Washington.
WE KNOW IT LEADS TO TRUMPS BANK ACCOUNT!!
Easy, they don't care.
Funny! Do  Socialist know anything  about budget?
How did Insurance Co get the assist through as well as th premium increases.  
Because gerrymandered districts keep them in power
Stop the scare tatics it don't work anymore Bernie. How do you become wealthy being a public servant I know lie cheat and steal from us MAGA
Speak for yourself Bernie American people don't want you in charge of our future go home you tax cheat
Exactly fall the money. Just like we followed your wife stealing money from a University. what are you stealing Bernie?
Diametric is a poor choice of wording.
While I do admire you for waking us up I need to see a cleaning of both swamps in congress. Change will not happen with those currently in
‘cause the Republicans are a corporation posing as a political party. Representing constituents is beyond their comprehension
#FollowtheMoney
Why do you think that you speak for all of the American people?
How about following your wife’s money, eh?
Why do you oppose every good plan?  If this was obama your mouth would be watering to suck him off.
Um cut spending and balance the checkbook would be good wouldn't it?
TAKE HIM DOWN.Stand UP, unite with Dems & Repubs & DO YOUR JOBS for US & World. TAKE HIM DOWN.
I feel sick every time I see what Trump is doing (not my president), please impeach him. You are our force and voice, remember we love you!
Yeah. And why are super delegate democrats who voted against the will of the people (for Clinton) siding with republicans on the DoD budget?
.Obviously to further enrich their donors and because who is going to stop them?
Leave Bernie alone you Hillary trolls
We need free college and housing for all the women abused by Harvey Weinstein and John mccain
Agree! Just look at the 50 billion$ + profits just reported by insurance companies & HMOs! PURE FINANCIAL GLUTTONY! Legalized extortion!!
or in @HillaryClintons case follow the bodies
Just because someone wants a pony, doesn’t mean they should get one free from the government
Exactly.  Follow the money--trouble is, money makes and enforces the laws, so when we find it, we can't throw the greedy bastards in jail.
Exactly! No one faces consequences. Bankers don't go to jail for fraud & cops don't go to jail for shooting unarmed citizens.
Because dems fail at messaging, until the damage is done. See early 2000's. See Kansas. The argument is there. Just make it resonate.
Thanks for using my "follow the money" idea Bernie! 
Because they're Republicans aka the New Fascists.
Are you for real? I want what you’re smoking!
Has budget passed yet? No! Then do your job as #USSenate to agree a bipart budget! Doesn’t it require min 60 votes in Senate? #StopWhining
Who is Pattie who is pocket
why is easy - cause they benefit from it ... the real question is ... "why do they get away with it again and again and again...?"
Cause money and iq are two different things
More importantly, why are they waiting to exercise their rights under the 25th Amendment?  Trump must go!
Greed
they have to to appease core supporters...  i did like the increase to standard deduction though, if they kept just that, perfect
Because they are greedy crooks racist and hate the poor. They got get rich of the middle class loss.
I don’t know Bernie. It’s racist to not spend more money. Join me to protest  the Republicans for being responsible with our taxes!
Time for you to put your fighting gloves and give it all you have, Bernie.
Velvety Twitter lines don't cut it anymore.
You don't know what the people want, what you want is not it
Because the Democrats budget didn’t work over the last eight years northern economic plan it was a total disaster
It's the usual norm. Thought you have been  in Washington all this while!
If you what the American people wanted, how did you lose to Hillary
they want us dead....they want us to get no help and no medical, theres no way ill survive if this passes
Hahaha, you're one to talk!
GOP doesn’t care about the American family
Always follow the money Bernie 
Keep telling your truth Bernie. We need your dynamic voice.
Well said, Sen Sanders.  We're with you!
why do republicans do anything tbh
Why do u think u are at all relevant?? Shouldn’t u be headed for prison?
I love it when he talks like that.
Follow the money.... FBI is probably already doing that with your fraud case
A so called majority is not how this works.
Yep, follow the money.  The GOP loves that.
Follow the money....billionaires don’t spend millions on ads unless it pays big $s. Tax reform is for the rich only!
Why don't you pass some sensible legislation instead of whining
Having worked @ the SF Fed, it baffles me how the WH and Congress still cannot figure out a sustainable budget, or even decrease the debt...
Why are you going to speak to the Womens Convention when you back candidates that don't support women's rights?
I mean... it's better than socialism.
“ diametrically opposed “? Who you trying to impress? Those fancy terms will only confuse your people.
What America u talking about. Working Ckass America or Nanny State Commy America. Last i checked the working class got their man in the seat
Why is no one discussing ending the ridiculous tax loopholes for the rich? Can we close down the Cayman Islands?
You mean like college money????
@SenSanders How about doing away w state exchanges - one national pool. Iowa will never stand on its own.
Yep all the money obama gave illegally to other  countries
Straight to your pockets and iran
money trail?  Keep eating ur pudding cup & we will in enjoy economic growth and low unemployment love or hate him he does those things well
Yeah follow the Money, follow the breaking story that we all know about, The Clinton crime syndicate and the Russian bribery, of Clintons
