this is a better solution. Please consider it:
This seems like a very elegant solution.  Do you have any sources on the funding part of this?  Especially curious about 2nd & 3rd bullets.
it’s mostly just back-off-the-envelope math. At first, it might be shy of the total needed. Needs CBO score.
Ah, I know I'd be fine with giving up the standard deduction, but I feel like that would be the hardest sale from the right.
politicians on the right will care more about businesses not having to insure employees than the deduction.
The government is already hitting records in tax collections and were still trillions in debt. Now you want to steal more.
The debt is from an insane belief in Reaganomics. I'd think businesses would be happy to be out of the business of insuring their employees.
That is absolute crap. The debt crew higher under obama than all other president combined.
Now, tell the truth Bern...MEDICAID will be meld in to MEDICARE, and people will be working. Those who are on Medicaid now, won't lose it.
#BankFraudBernie is not telling you the truth.  ObamaCare is a disaster
Any political party putting together anything for the people ends up being a disaster. Free markets are better.
Unconscionable and penurious, when one considers from where their associated haul with this display of unadulterated GREED, comes. 
SHAME!!
Forcing other people to pay your own medical expenses isn't greedy, but handing someone their own bill is?
Obviously, YOU make OVER $250,000/year or you wouldn't be bitching about this. Why shouldn't the better-off pay a bit more for the poorer?
I make a 5 figure salary, but my premiums more than doubled under Obamacare and is now more than my mortgage. We should all be treated equal
Obamacare taxes apply ONLY to those making MORE than $250,000 per year.  THAT'S why they want Obamacare gone, to make THAT Tax GO AWAY!!!
I'd also like my old plan back, my doctor back, premiums smaller than my house note (with taxes and insurance) and a deductible under $9k
This is below the problem of racism and social injustice in congress and white house. U want reform eliminate capitalism in health care!
The bill will also pull all funding for Native Americans
BS
Clown
Still at it? New HillTroll...New account.
Sing the song of astroturf
I guess the Republicans suggest we get out the coffins. That would be an uptick in business.
Maybe we should focus on making jobs for people instead of finding charity for them.
No it wouldn't Bernie it would slow its malignant growth. Medicaid is an inferior program and there are better ways to furnish healthcare
Illegals aren't citizens
So do you have at least a proposal
Success measured in the deaths (abscence of liabilities) brought forth by proposed legislation.  By what other criteria, motive?
Lies
Ouch!!
Good start to our national debt
Also an easy way to kill senior citizens
Only the rich deserve to live.  The poor, I'll, or disabled let's just get rid of them those are the cuts the GOP seems 2 be pushing 4
Fear mongering is not an actual logical debate point.
@MarkRuffalo go F your hand Bernie!!!
How about that! Lobbyists win. 1% win!
Trump *MAGA*!!!!!
I am pretty sure it just cuts from what was projected growth
Fear, fear, fear. Just a bunch of fear mongering and then what, are you going to come save the day? Your "solutions" lead to Venezuela.
& your solution leads 2 the rich getting richer #FuckTrump&Tards
20 years divided into 2.4, that's 120 bil per year. THE TAXPAYERS NEED THE RELIEF. If you worked a day in your life, you would know.
How many people are being hurt by obamacare right now bernie? how many are being hurt by ruthless premeditated bank fraud?
I hope you plan on buying expensive long term care insurance if you plan on getting old.
Medicare and Medicaid is not being cut. It's actually increasing. Look it up. 
Bernie is a fear monger playing on your feelings.
Not so.
It is time to redirect some of the military spending towards health - problem solved- even for just two years
We already spend more a social programs than the military. 70% of federal spending is wealth redistribution. Socialism fails
We already spend more than the next 8 nations combined on military. And how dare the government help poor and working class people.
I'm cool with cutting all spending... military included. There is such thing as too much "help." Bankruptcy is how most nations die.
not a slash bern....It is a less aggressive increase. Means you will have to only be able to buy votes slower.
Harvard & Yale get over 60 billion in government assistance (Welfare), Google it. No one seems to be upset about that. 🕇
Stop lying you fraud- reducing an increase isn't cutting- you're such a bullshit artist.
GDP abt 18.5t. Spend abt. 2.5x on average, as compared to FR, UK, et al. 2.4t would be abt 13%. Devastation, or efficiency improvement?
Single payer
You misspelled "socialism." If socialism is such a wonderful ideology, why are y'all always trying to hide the word with rebranding?
WTF! Get out there & tell the stupid trump voters
Which would never happen if Barack @BarackObama had not created fake Democrats
Then they get with their rich little friends, a click of snobs, and hold your life hostage for more money while they poison you from every
angle.  They demand money.  And I love to imagine, that when we die, they sell our organs for more $$$. Gotta make a dollar. #NoMoreNannyGOV
Raine if you believe half of that then that is sad for you. Delusional
It's funny. Because I believe humans are evil and politicians and inculcated are the most vile of them all.  So I wouldn't put it past them.
Tens of millions? Oddly isn't that how much your thieving wife received through bank fraud?  #Loser #BankFraudBernie
I've been around awhile, and this Shit just blows me away.  How can the Trump fans not see what they are doing to us.
i wish we would cut out all health care and medicaid funds i am sick of paying for all the deadbeats like you bernie pay for your own!!!!
Sweetie, Government has been devastating us for decades.  They allow poison to be labeled as food. They let medical amounts sky rocket.
The GOP are culling the herd, plan & simple.  How can they sleep at night knowing that this is what will happen? It takes $$ to be humane.
Looks like that's $2.4 trillion to put towards the deficit. Or infrastructure.
Or to bomb random brown people in the Middle East cause that's where most of our money goes to.
Please tell the truth. It's a shitty bill. It doesn't cut Medicaid. It slows the growth. Which we can't afford. Did you take math?
The plan to fund medicaid was already in place so yes it is a cut. Can we afford a $600 billion dollar military? Multiple wars for oil?
Join the party instead of this lonesome cowboy act. We need teamwork to combat this. You are making it worse.
Bullshit!! All reps of the ppl should be "I's!!!!!" That way they all meet in the middle and something will finally get accomplished!!!!!!!
You do not understand the objective. What part of a drowning do you build on? What part of the Koch's own our gov't is not clear to you?
U R the 1 missing it!! I'm on your side.
No you are not. I am a solid Democrat. I am a liberal. I believe in truth. not Koch lies. There is no reasonable compromise on their lies.
This is what is destroying our country!! The inability to compromise!! Also, u r not anyone 2 tell me what I am or am not period!!!
What is devastating are the people who still can't afford or can't qualify for any program currently offered. #fraudster
#SB562 #SinglePayer
We need lawyers to stop this republican horseshit
Lets talk about the bank fraud FBI's investigation instead
No it would not slash Medicaid. It would increase spending at a reasonable rate instead of the spiraling cost projections in the ACA.
ObamaCare takes 500 billion out of Medicare to pay for it. Since ObamaCare passed, Medicare pays doctors, hospitals, etc less than before.
2.4 trillion you say? Sounds fantastic!
say goodbye GOP 2018/2020
Actually, it increases Medicaid by $700M over 10 years. The bigger picture here is why Medicaid is used at ALL. It should not exist.
You mean slash the growth of Medicaid, right?
Bernie, talk to the boys in Virginia about JFKing Donny Boy. What a favor to the USA!
City km
Another lie. It's simply slows the expansion.  Are you on Obamacare?
Tens of millions of who? People here illegally who use it as their "free" health insurance?
Unacceptable Social Program cuts must stop! We need a new income for the government That income is the http://nontaxdollar.com  visit today
You mean to tell me that the welfare slugs that refuse to get jobs are finally going to have to get jobs? Win win.
You just better go an hide your reckoning is just around the corner. .
The correct modal verb is 'could', not 'would'.
Funny how it jumps even worse in 2020 by design to reduce the next couple of years.   To blame the next POTUS knowing 45 will lose.  #rigged
I agree with you on this
listen to Bernie
I know Republicans said repeal and replace, but they always said they would replace it with something better NOTe worse!
So if I expect a 5% raise and only get a 3% raise, my pay actually got cut?
De vest sting all the people that are cheating on it. Run credit reports. Remove people paying on credit cards, new cars and over two years.
You should of been president
And your sources for these numbers are...?
VOTERS DEMAND POLITICIANS USE SAME PLAN THEY SAY IS SO GOOD4 AMERICANS.TAKE AWAY THEIR RETIREMENT/MEDS. REPLACE W/SSA&HC. WORK 4 US NOT BIG$
These are good cuts
Is that all you liberals do is lie! Prove you claim! Hillary's bitchboy!
Hard to hit " like " 
Will all that go to the 10% of the richest people in America?
That's horrible!
Why isn't this man president? Seriously people? Are the majority of people really irrational simple minded racists?
Lol

Misleading chart. Amount spent on Medicaid would continue to increase. What's decreasing is the growth rate.
You lyin again bankfraudbernie
Medicaid spending would continue to rise.  There would be no "cuts" at all except from your wish list.
A 3rd Party would never stand for this!
Because Healthcare wouldnt exist if we didnt have someone stealing from people to provide for it. Okay gramps, did you take your meds today?
Not true, it's slows down the rate of growth. Not cuts.
Jacob's fight on FB
Please tell me what section this is so I can read it and prove your a #liar #moron
Bernie people who pay for good insurance if lucky have 80/20 over two decades showing only down to 50 percent. Stop stretching it.
We can not let the poor and elderly suffer while the elite and phony rich line the pockets
Keep talking issues, Bernie. #2020
http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/04/14/522956939/maps-show-a-dramatic-rise-health-in-insurance-coverage-under-aca … They should put crosses where people will die for this robbery now...
Yeah no one ever got health care before obama care.
When do you go to prison
Bernie, you know that's a BIG LIE.
@SenSanders Thank you for doing what you were elected to do...what The People want
Another BIG LIE Bernie - anything that limits growth you call a CUT.  Well.....
Tens of millions got smacked by Obamacare.  Then they elected Trump, and a LOT of other non-Dems.  This is not your winning issue.
Keep shilling against dems, old man--after you are done using them. You are to blame for this mess too and you are no different than Trump.
GOP proposed "health" bill is population reduction for profit.  That's how sinister Congress is. #MurderForMoney
Good maybe now some of these dead beat dad's will get insurance for there children that are on medicaid.
-I wish you well...but Bernie- Fear is why you lost to Hillary
To be fair, looks more stable than the big orange guy himself.
Bernie, put that diagram everywhere you can and keep it up there.
Leave Obamy care. The affordable care act for people who don't pay for health care. What a joke. Label it how it is. Double the cost act!
it should slash them sooner!
Well, with Medicare For All, Medicaid would be eliminated!
Let's work toward that.
Liar liar pants on fire
It's not a cut, but you know that already lying ass #BankFraudBernie !
Going from $393B to $464B is a slash? Even the WSJ supports the $464B plan. Stop the runaway spending or we'll crash like Illinois.
Devastating to millions but a sweet little chunk of change for a few people who absolutely don't need it.
Get the $ OUT of politics!
#AuntieHillsays we are trying to get all the $ we can out of politics or did you miss that?
Of course I didn't miss that. I think whenever something like this comes up its imperative to include the root cause.
And maybe fix our debt? Damn...
Typical socialist, keep throwing money on a fire.
FBI on the way
This is propaganda it actually raises the money spent on Medicaid. This is false you sir are spreading lies. You're a LIAR 
They never sure have been on it in the first place.
Americans need to go to work and pay their own way. That's America!
Bernies hippie hate the republicans talk already brought one whacko out keep on start somthing you can't finish like o care !
Why aren't more people stressing the reasons that "health care" is so incredibly expensive (you've hit on it before).  Hippocratic oath!!
Shell Game: Donald Trump, GOP Bait, Switch on Health Care to Give Rich Huge Tax Break #ACA #HealthCare
Medical abuses SchoolCity programs,not Medicaid needsMedicaid killed myMother FailedObamaCare tried-killSonsFamily
WifeBernie frauds$DemsLie
Good!! That can pay for the wall!!! Build the wall!!!!!!
It doesn't "slash" anything compared to today's funding. Just how disingenuous can you be?
Please also talk about #Syria and #Yemen
With US help, innocent people are being killed or maimed.
#StopTheWarOnYemen 
#SaveSyria

HILLARY REDUX
http://sidestreetjournal.blogspot.com/2017/05/hillary-redux.html …
Regards,
Slim.
Future of G 20 in Good Times & Bad
16 Nov 2010
Read my blogs today or hear it from experts in a year or two or ten
https://www.slideshare.net/slimfairview/the-g-20-in-good-times-and-bad-5802178 …
S
Excerpt from my ppt presentation  16 November 2010

Each side's touting different stats, numbers, dollars...it's not easy to get to the honest bottom line #Medicaid #Trumpcare #Obabmacare
They could care less. Just want to say they did SOMETHING, no matter what the cost to US! They will lose nothing, except THEIR JOBS! #2017
#apeoplespartyNOW
Bernie, always using scare tactics. That is the only thing you know how to do.
No more free lunch. That's what elections will do. Change the direction of a country. Or in this case steady it. Hooray! #maga

Bernie you are such a good man I wish you were president cannot take three more years of this man. Not like all around the world. Needs help
Maybe we should have gov. run car insurance Bernie . Don't forget the pre-existing crash clause! You can keep ur auto insurer - run w/ it
Hey Bern will your wife need health insurance when she goes to prison? Who will visit her? I bet she looses a lot of weight for you.
Just get a loan from the bank Bernie to cover the loss! Bernie won't be bought because he'll just steal it. #HealthcareIsNotaRight
Are these Senators robots or just out of touch?
How is ur Bank Fraud FBI investigation going? Didn't do it? Ahhh yes, welcome to the lies Republicans are dealing with
$$$ DOESNT GROW ON TREES SELLOUT! AND HELL NO ANY ABLE BODIED PERSON SHLD NOT BE ON MEDICAID (#Medicaidexpansion)!
Where r this numbers from? Steve Forbes says it will triple in 20 years, u Mr. BS r getting the hang of fake news. People hear and see
Start a new charity to make up the difference. You have enough money to get it started.
You assume there could be no possible alternative
Handing someone the bill for their own medical care is more ethical than forcing a total stranger to pay it. It's not "devastating"
Medicaid not best example, but ANY cut & you fear monger. Spending is unsustainable. You s/improve efficiency rather than always increase $$
Can you say depopulation program?
This is GREAT.  Medicaid is supposed to be for those who genuinely need it, not for everyone.  Get Gov't out of the Health Care Biz!
It's not a slash, it's not giving them as much funds as projected
More sensationalism. Now you use a 20 year timeframe, to double the $. It doesn't cut, only slows rate of growth.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan how can you keep lying about this
But on the bright side, the rich will get richer. 
Stop lying to the people!
Where is your official policy to take to the next election? Chucking rocks won't do. This may be of assistance:
http://www.health.gov.au/ 
Your wife is going to prison!
Good, they can get a job and pay for their own shit! I'm tired of supporting lazy people!
@BernieSanders are you going to donate the  $10 million your wife embezzled?
That should help!
U keep that bunch straight  Bernie .
Pay the difference bernie.
Time for the lazy to get off their butts and go to work and get off Medicaid. That is a GOOD thing for America and for lazy Americans
Two thirds States can ratify Universal Healthcare without Congress
Article V States Rights option
Constitutional Convention
KRC
Due 2 reasons of personal benefit & political gain Congress has failed to deliver Universal Healthcare
Article V Convention CAN
Universal health care is not answer it is perscription for more dearh
The GOP are nothing but mobsters out to steal the nationals health. It's just a racket for them.
What the disaster!
God help the #people_of_America
New rules for Congressional Legislation:
Two pages maximum including funding
No pork!
No doublespeak, legalese.
Replace with Universal Healthcare. Cut Congressional Healthcare and retirement from Budget.
Including family members, staff.
So what's the plan to stop it?
Its like a "culling" of all baby boomers on medicare... the rich screwed em outa retirements..now to finish them off renigging medicare..
So who is going to stop them from killing us all off? All I hear is Trump is bad, but the Democrats have no solution or plan?
Apparently the Republicans motto is "screw Americans unless you are a billionaire"!!!
Obamacare made my premiums higher than my house note INCLUDING escrow. I'm not a billionaire. Obamacare screwed millions like me.
I thought you said it was behind closed doors and nobody has read the draft... c'mon Bern!
You bankrupted a college.  Not sure I trust #BernieMath
That would be 120 billion a year.  Considering how high medical costs are that's not to bad.
Graphs are great and say much in one glance. Where is that circle graph with a heart in it?

Bernie my Obamacare Bronze family plan's deductible went up to $12,000. It not insurance anymore! Not in 2 decades! NOW!
Awesome... government spending is out of control...
This country, as a country,  is over.
False
