Hey, @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP you officially can't call yourselves "pro-life" when you make it so having a baby ruins a family financially.
This is the worst.They want to force people to have babies they wont be able to care for. Insane! Just throwing our country down the toilet.
The only time the anti-choice people are pro-life is at the moments of ejaculation/conception. Other than that, they don't care at all.
It's really about "keeping women in their place", which for much of the GOP is barefoot, broke and pregnant so she is reliant on a man.
They view anything that allows a woman to make her own choices as "breakdown of the family unit" and code this as "family values".
So Trump is their 'family value' president ?
Stunningly, yes.
Your argument ran into a brick wall with Trump. He is a liberal. He is not pro-life. He is not much of a family man. Not worst but not best
Why do America's leaders want to kill off their constituents? It's like drug dealers handing out fentanyl. #UniversalHealthCareNow
Have you looked at the #mercer or #koch page? The $$ behind this is those men. Their agenda is clearly outlined. This is what they want.
What do they want that's nefarious or beneficial to only them? Kochs employ alot of people, how many people do you give a life to?
Kochs employ more than 32 million people?
Not one of you have named an instance where the Kochs conspired to "screw the people".
Graham-Cassidy , which has Koch hands all over it, will make healthcare unattainable for 32 million people.
So, not eliminating, but transfering funds back to the States is nefarious? Talk about dramatic, emotional rhetoric.
Please stop trolling.  Your defense of billionaire polluters like the Koch's is appalling. 

It's no wonder you support #GrahamCassidy NO
How the fuck do Americans afford to live? This is scary
As a Swede I often wonder the same thing
The answer is we often DON'T afford it. Medical debt is one of our leading causes of homelessness.
It's so upsetting that healthcare in America is a privilege and not a right
Pains me how many Americans assume that healthcare/meds actually do cost that much cause they've never known anything else
lmao work hard, hold even a decent job and healthcare costs aren’t that much
Not everyone has that option though
not everyone has what option? To work hard? They DO. Some people choose not to
Is this for real? It sounds like a theatrical horror show.
When will people learn? Most politicians, especially on the right are craven animals that will do ANYTHING to achieve what their donors want
If this is true then that is horrible. So much for being #prolife.
Republicans want poor children, esp of color, to die. That's clear. Then they won't grow up and vote. This isn't accidental in the least
Let us now get ready to die. It appears. Should we be so unfortunate.
Thank you, Trump, for making America so fucking great again.
Call your Senators today and stop this bill
Stop lying to the American people you pond scum of a senator.
Thank you for your research!
America: we spend more on defense than the next six biggest countries COMBINED, but we can't treat cancer. Or pregnant women. Or sick kids.
#AutismSpeaks #DoYou
You may think skipping CBO scoring gives you cover for destroying Americans, financially. Nope. @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenMajLdr
We, America better start eating right so we can make these insurance, and pharmaceutical companies go bankrupt...they r rich bc of us
That’s the point . Kill off old folks.
Pregnancy / maternity should be free. For each of our kids, in Brussels, Europe, it was.
And in Australia
Not free but covered... we all pay one time out of our wages.... and that's it... unless your in the US!
Why is the GOP so insistent upon killing and aiding  in the death of millions of Americans @potus @LindseyGrahamSC
@SenJohnMcCain Cancer, John, Cancer!!! You shouldn't be trying to take away from others, the very treatments you are getting.
It makes me glad for the NHS. Always thought I would say that.
I can't afford to breath at rate.
This is insane. Why do we stand for this? When will realize that WE, the people, are in charge. Why not civil disobedience? Don't pay
Gotta pay your abortions somehow.

I know people don't think asthma is serious but like if i cant afford treatment i WILL die. An extra 4k?! I'll start digging my grave.
Sounds like 'Wealthcare' not 'healthcare'.
Isn't that the same for the GOP?
They are making it legal for insurance to raise premiums based on the health status of the insured. These amounts are what they predict the
premiums will be raised by on average. As for Medicaid, they are going to gut it to fund a giant tax cut for the 0.1%.
Huh? Paul Ryan has been very open about gutting Medicaid to fund the tax cut and who will benefit.
Again.  Only if you're previously uninsured.
Which will be 25 million people +. And in fact the last bill would have increased premiums on employer plans which CBO scoring
There will be a grace period.
ok you so have x amount of months before your healthcare gets ripped away. Great! This isn't governance ffs.
No.  That's not how it works.  If you stay insured you're always covered.
I don't think you know what you're talking about
Youll see.  These non coverages are for people who aren't already covered (not talking maternity) 

Wait and see
Ask yourself, would you EVER say that of a democratic bill?
This is a deathcare bill, unless you're old, rich, white, & male.
Damn.....I've only got 3 out of the 4 going for me.
Then, you're screwed buddy.
I'm from the U.K. And as much as I try and read up on this it still confuses me. What happens if you can't afford to pay? Is it free then?
Oh no.  It's far removed from free.  Instead of insurance absorbing part of the cost, you get hit with it all.
Yes but if you physically don't have the money? Where do you give birth? or get treatment for a heart condition? or epilepsy and so on?
If you don't have insurance or don't work or earn a low wage. What happens then?
Most companies offer insurance to full time employees.  Low wage people can buy insurance at a discount IF you qualify.
I have chronic lymphocytic leukemia this bill if passed is a death sentence for me 
I'm so sorry you have to go through all this 
Thank you 4 caring 

As a parent of a child with Autism I know it's hard, but, out of all the things you listed this one has better options for aide than the 2/
Oh. I guess we'll just take your word for that.
For rich white aristocrats it's just grand, especially these assholes who have Cadillac coverage supplied by the people they're screwing
These people were elected to do the people's work ,and yet they refuse to do it ,#Firethemall
Call your senators, people! https://www.senate.gov/ 
And the GOP calls themselves patriots?! This angers me so bad as I have an autistic child, lost a parent to cancer! Shame!
GOP feels like HARDENED CRIMINALS.  DON'T HAVE HEARTS !
When republicans  say "healthcare is too expensive" 
They arent talking about costs to individuals
They are talking about their bottom line
Sanders and Dems need to pound it home to GOP constituents on how mean/Scroogy this ACA repeal is, with facts GOP constituents understand!
... are they trying to breed out the sick and poor???
They are . . . Doing their best to hurt the poor, the sick, the elderly, and women.  How "grand" is the "Grand Old Party" huh?
It's gross
GOP is not pro life!
Asthma cast 4K in the US?!?! Holy mother of what the fuck!
Google white house email & your political reps and tell them vote no on this rushed-thru bad bad Christmas present from Trump & your reps. Needs discussion every paragraph.
I have one more year until I have to be off my parent's insurance and now I'm terrified I will no longer have a good chance to get on my own
Of course not, but then neither is any bill that subsidizes the insurance industry in any way. We've gotta move away from "Insurance".
Medicare for all !
Medicare is just government run insurance.
Try taking it away from seniors. Insurance is PROFIT driven.
No, this is a cynical entitled prosperity gospel saying "kill the poor because they don't deserve to live-bill". Shame on the GOP. Shame.
Apologize for truth
It's a death sentence for my daughter.
Oh dear. I've been calling, texting and emailing and will continue to do so. Best of luck to you and your lovely daughter. #StrongerTogether
We call and text, too! Thank you!
I just found this tool: https://www.trumpcareten.org/calls-to-kill-trumpcare …
Gonna start tomorrow!
Oh this is good - thanks!! I'll retweet it now! 
Welcome to the FREE world.
Wait. What? If my cancer comes back it will cost us 172k? Or is that what we have to pay yrly because I survived?
That what you would have to pay on top of the fee it already costs
Yearly?
That's what I'm guessing. It's a shame. Many people don't even make that yearly
We already pay 2418.00 a month 
Wow! That's a lot. Didn't know it cost so much.
It's down from 3307.00 a month before ACA started.
How do you afford either of those?
Asthma, costs me maybe $30 every 12 months 
Who gone pay dat
Maternity should be optional rider, not everyone needs it and everyone shouldn't have to pay for it
Take away birth control coverage. Force unwanted pregnancies. Impose high costs for maternity coverage. A recipe for female disempowerment.
People will have to stop having sex b/c they won't be able to afford to chance it. They'll end up w/ a revolt of sexual frustrated populace.
Where do these numbers come from? Estimates? Doctors? Other countries? Curious for real. Need to back up argument. Don't tell me "experts".
This is a celebrity shopping bill
Weeding out assholes
WRONG FAKE FAKE HYPOCRITICAL
These numbers have no credibility. No chance pregnancy's total cost (before insurance kicks in) is that high. If it is, totally diff problem
These republicans are trying their best to make health coverage unaffordable to all, but the rich bitches
This is a revenge, hate filled bill.
@LincolnDemocrat
#GenocideByHealthcare The Governments new program to depopulate our country the only legal way they can. STAND UP AMERICA.
Utterly disgraceful! Shame on anyone backing this!
#GrahamReaperBill
This is murder at the expense of greed and hate.
Good Lord women, don't get pregnant. Time to see how abstinence works. Lol
Nope, it's about taxing the " unhealthy " !!!??
https://twitter.com/vooda1/status/910691302194286592 …
Freedom isn’t free
Could you point me to the spot in the bill where you got your number? I would like to review myself
He's using data from 2013 before ACA kicked in from real insurance policies.
Now do crazy Bernies plan estimated at $32 tril and divide that bill up by the working population... Hint- $17k for a kid will seem cheap.
Lies
The worst. This is madness
No proof of this
If you break down the term "healthcare" you'd think it means: to care about health. Hmm...
This sounds more like a Health Penalty bill.
Perfectly reasonable.  I'm sure all cancer sufferers will be able to get a 2nd $172k p/a job to cover the cost.  #bootstraps
Really? How dumb are liberals? Under Obamacare we can't even afford the insurance never mind the actual medical costs
Just the "best" health plan ever.  Trumpcare is just MAGA.  Nazi GOP is worse than the good Germans supporting the death camps.
But #ToysRUs can go 5Billion in debt and be like... well close a few stores.
Huh? Damn the US is crazy. Put the costs to the damn companies poisoning people
@potus I don't have an extra 4K in my budget - please remember the working middle class like you promised
Actually it does sound like a bill, a bloody big bill.
What will be the savings in yearly premiums and annual deductibles?
It's a Death Wish Bill.
HeathcareLESS bill
We might grumble but isn't the NHS in the UK great
These Republicans are fucking heartless!!!
Seems very low for autism.
Awful
Your right it's not #healthcare it's #wealthcare
Are there sources for this claim?  No one should be taken at their word.

But this is what trump supporters wanted to end their healthcare and to pay more4 what they get or loss it & GOP doesn't care
frickkk im autistic ;e;
It's an invoice.
Graham Cassidy is on park with nazi t4. Weed out the poor sick and elderly.
It's a death sentence for millions of people dressed up as a healthcare bill.
Wth is happening Brian
But it is a Health Care bill, just a different type of bill.. sad man
With an athmatic, autistic daughter, I'll be staying in the UK until I know it's safe for her. Wish the rest of my family had that option.
No, please... keep voting against your own interests, and those of your fellow citizens. It's all working out so effing well.
Do these Senators not know that most USA citizens cannot aford these costs? Who do they represent?
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP My daughter lives in Europe, pays €200/year for healthcare. Doesn't have to choose between living indoors & a drs appt.
This will be a disaster for many! As a nurse I know!
Yeah but America is the fittest and healthiest country on Earth!
Midwife is like 3k... child birth should NOT cost that much.thats the medical world manipulating fear..as with all of it. #REALreform
@RachelFine absolutely bullshit, u people no nothing about real people's lives. Obamacare is the worst, hurts people all over
Oh sad bot, some day you will need an oil change and that will be a pre-existing condition.
First there was O-care and then there was NO-care

What did folks used to say about death panels?
it is just going to get worse

Sounds like premeditated "Death Panels" ...GOP STYLE.
GOP ideology is protect the fetus and use this 4 a political wedge then Let the baby Starve and freeze or die 4 lack of health insurance
It's a health-punishment bill..
This is a kill-em-quick bill, which is the whole freakin’ point. People who can’t afford healthcare don’t deserve to be paid for by others.
None of you all have seen the bill and going crazy over what other peopleare telling you. Schatz is full of it
@onekade reading this, to me it sounds like it's an insurance policy covered by the state to cover health care to the people

No, of course it isn't. The entire reason for @GOP to repeal "and replace" ACA is to get the subsidy $$$ to fund their tax cut for the 1%.
hey Brian why aren’t you cosponsoring @SenSanders’s #MedicareForAll bill? 

Do you support #SinglePayer ??

( hint: you should )
A sheer ripoff of the patient.  People and babies will die enmasse. Genocide
Sounds like healthcare failure...
This is a "Make the insurance companies rich" bill.
"An extra 17k" my wife and I just paid for our son's birth and all pre/post appointments 100% out of pocket and didn't even spend 17k
I already pd over $100,000 for Autism svcs  You're going to bankrupt families, we'll be homeless you'll need to fund that, you don't get it!
I'm convinced by his actions and the actions of his team they sold their soul to the devil!
Nope. It's a "kill all the poor fucks" bill.
Is America great again yet?
Well it used to be...:-(
It's a "bill" alright.
God help you if you have cancer
Healthcare bill ? 
Healthbare kill ... fixed it
The GOP are thieves. They want to rob the money from the ACA to pay 4 a tax cut to their buddies. When will the low income 'right' wake up.
it's a fundamentalist fix for overpopulation.
America is always trying to be the worst country.
What does it cost currently?  Anybody know?
I have twin boys,1 autistic, 1 asthma. And I'm trans, which is always #PreExisting and always excluded pre #ACA So basically were screwed!
Actually it is a bill, an expensive as shit bill.
PS I feel lucky to be Australian
First they can quit having fucking kids
Label GOP  as a terrorist organization
Sick individual that doesn't need health care. Truly sad !! Don't understand why it's acceptable 
purchases of Health Ins and keep provisions prevent pre-existing condition exclusions...2/
If it were not for Medicaid, what kind of birth rate would we have? Even with insurance a normal delivery costs thousands OOP.
Even AMA & CHA disagree with this @congressdotgov @WhiteHouse and you need to go back to the table.  Next election....  tick tock.
No we won't pay. Many of us will just go without. Can't get blood from a stone
They're fine with us not paying and dying.
As a metastatic cancer patient thank god I live in Canada. My cost for treatment $0.00
Government is putting the environment first, reducing the population by killing its own people :) At least until the people wake up.
"America first"
...experience the domino effect and eventually get to a place where I either get treatment or die. Death because I can't afford to live, ...
Remember, people, Republicans are "pro life."
Liar.
Everyone upset, but who's going to pay the doctors to treat YOU?
It's like they want 2 make access 2 bc and procedures harder so they can line their pockets. This is basically forcing women 2 get pregnant.
