Our job over the next five to ten days is to get the word out about this horrific legislation and do everything we can to defeat it.
Let's demand that, just for once, Republicans listen to the American people and not their campaign contributors.
T sure hope not! Writing my congress man immediately notify his vote to a no vote on trump health bills
Because they live in a bubble without any comprehension of the millions already living with no or mediocre healthcare
If Democrats would stop demonizing Republicans, we could come together and have an actual discussion to find common ground.
If it walks and talks like a demon, then what? 
Thank you for proving my point. We are going to be stuck in a never ending circle of hate with your type of mindset.
Then please stop supporting these take from the poor/middle class and give to the rich policies.  That's clearly what this is.
Republicans can end the cycle of hate ma'am. 
As a Republican, I'm trying to open a conversation right now but all I'm receiving is backlash for trying. It's a two way street.
PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY
Cash before Party or Country.
My Senators like being cruel - especially to women, children, anyone but white, rich men. @tedcruz @JohnCornyn   Just like our President
And that is scary to me.
Because they're all in it for themselves and the special interest
Not everyone governs like you do Bernie. Most are selfish
Because it's what their corporate overlords want
Because the RT doesn't want to have anything law or bill with President Obama's name on it. It is not about healthcare... just name!
They don't care as long as they get rid of the affordable care.
Try explaining why congress refuses to work bipartisan for the good of all citizens.
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/donald-trump-must-wear-sash-work-every-time-he-seen-public …
I can't understand why there are victimless crimes, regulations upon individual behavior, & 'legal' restrictions on free people. #SoCruel
Such drama!! Cruel? You mean crueler then The Non affordable care act is?
A curse is made on those that vote 4 Gram-Cassidy!
Really want to hear how your 1 on one attempts and conversation with GOP senators sounds like, every single one refuse to hear reason?
Please Sen. Sanders, help encourage people to call and show up at offices of their GOP reps!
has the CBO scored it yet?
He's still alive ??????
You should have been more proactive in stopping that Witch from stealing your nomination and ultimately the presidency. You would have won.
Because they're evil.
Please Bernie pass a Medicare for all single payer universal healthcare law so that everyone has healthcare.
It doesn't work like that.. we have to fight with Bernie every step.  Call your senator
#Obama Administration Secretly Obtains Phone Records of AP Journalists
gather in large numbers outside the homes of Graham and Cassidy and all other republicans who will vote for it! @proviewsusa
healthcare is personal.. make it personal for their families as well!
I cannot explain why any Senator would vote for your single payer system when you omit how it gets paid and your own state rejected it
Mass murderers. Let's prepare huge class action civil liability suits against these homegrown terrorists
Fight big against Bernie.  With you!!!
You honestly can't explain much of anything.  Time for another hit of maple syrup
Dark money and mega donors!
Is it safe to say that these GOP are out to kill millions of americans? How cruel!
Because it makes perfect fiscal and moral sense to provide healthcare state by state instead of from Bldg in Wash DC? Why wd we do that?
They do not want anything given to the public unless it benefits them most.
U want it to fail, right ol man? Another 2 little 2 late from u
I honestly cannot explain why you are still a relavent political figure.
They're afraid of desertion by their base. The base doesn't understand it is their healthcare on the line. +The GOP is funded by insurers.
You are one of the biggest reasons we now have a buffoon in office. Hilary Clinton introduced single payer health care in1993. Remember?
And? Bernie introduced universal healthcare legislation in 1991. He's also been advocating for it since at least 1987. Where was Hillary?
With (possibly) 2 or 3 exceptions, the GOP doesn't give a damn about people's health. They just don't care. That's the explanation.
There aren't any exceptions
Well, 3 GOP senators voted against the previous bill, so I gave them the benefit of the doubt.
Why is Congress trying to create a govt health care plan when all they need to do is extend the one they now enjoy to the rest of us?
They are sick, evil beings who don't know when ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!!
When money is crammed that far up a repubs ass it comes out the mouth in a reverse digested form of gobblygook bills to destroy lives.
And Americans will have the consequences
Most Republicans in the Senate see it as a perpetual game, after losing touch with average Americans.  We must pray that a few really care.
Just go away
WE must call them-if disconnect their phones or leave message centers full 
WE can email them if in their zip code areas= do it w/zip codes
You obviously don't even know why you lost. Have not yet even stood up to the Dems. Why would anyone take your advice...
Yet...here we are with Obamacare....as if that wasn't cruel enough
Why isn't Our Revolution telling people to call their senators to vote NO on #GrahamCassidy? Explain this BS:
#OurRevolution is protesting Pelosi and urging followers to call senators for M4A but not ACA. Whose side are they on? 
Has the cat got your tongue? 
This is really just about tax cuts for the rich. That's it. They don't care if people suffer. They'll just blame it on Dems.
You can explain it. Quid Pro Quo.  You've been in politics too long to act like you don't know how this works.  You voted for the Crime Bill
The majority of Republicans are SOCIOPATHS, with no conscience and no empathy.
Do some reading. You are very WRONG!
Then you haven't read the right books. I am a mental health professional, & I say that Sociopaths have #NOEmpathy and #NOConscience! #GOP
#cocaine makes people cruel

Because it will shore up money for Trump's tax plan that's way.  
Wtf?
It's called Federslism. That's why they would vote for it. Now each State can do whatever they like with their money. It's awesome.
With RARE exception, we have become more concerned about Party politics & fundraising without regard to impact. @IMeant2SayThat
Look senator this should not be a surprise this is an evil nation corruption has taken over the only solution is collapsing the system
#FeelTheBern #Demexit #Unaffiliated #TheResistance
It's all a political bill.  They have to show they have done something over the past eight years.
Because a "win" is all they care about.
The Cassidy bill is the same aa the others. It's not repeal at all. The GOP sucks
#MAGA
I wonder if you could explain your wife's difficulties?
    i don't know either      ,  Bernie  
Call your senator...march...attend town meetings...if your senator won't meet, meet anyway
It is easy to understand. Bought.
But you voted on Obama care saying you have to pass to see what's in it on Xmas eve MERCY people you can't be this stupid to not see Thu him
@SenSanders: are any Senators on the line or wavering that we can call and press?
Not that hard to understand - tax cut for their bosses. Simple as that. Could not care less about people.
What can be done?
Healthcare is not a right.
It is in every other industrialized nation except this one.
I'm wondering why the 100 senators cannot isolate themselves to jointly define a real solution & present a bill to @POTUS. #GetItDoneSenate
Sadly, it's because most have been bought by their donors. This goes beyond governing. See the tweeted Guardian article about the $ at stake
It's absolutely pathetic! Most of them should be replaced with people who WILL truly represent #WeThePeople and not a personal agenda for 
I hope you are aware of and follow @RepresentDotUs.  They are aiming to remove corruption and $ from politics.
The bill, is for insurance companies, to increase their profit, the corruption in the Republican party paid for by big money, is deplorable
Fight it Bernie!
Because they lack a common frame of reference
partly because u couldn't leave us all safe for now had to push the fear of socialism button again how convenient for you you have insurance
Good thing we spent all that time on your single payer bill with a Republican House, Senate, and President. Time well spent. #eyeofftheball
For their own personal agenda monetary gain ring the bellevil runs deep in the Republican Party with the killer healthcare billeveryone NO
Please continue doing all you can to win back even one vote.

This is absurd. They must be stopped. Why don't they care about us?????
I can't see anyone who wouldn't. Enough freebies and peoples should pay foe their own It's not my job to take care of others Got my own bill
Been trying to contact senators & reps all day. The phones for TX Delegation seem inoperable. Might need to send facilities svcs to check.
Democrats has lost over 1049 seat's in the past 7 years because of policies like DACA how many more seats must they lose before get message?
Citizens United. This is a Koch/Mercer funded debacle.
Still can't understand why you voted for james mattis?  #fuckwar
Coz u 2 are clueless ??????
@GOP @SenJohnMcCain ONLY REASON IS TRUMP PRESSURE AND BEING AFRAID OF HIS TWEETS
#MedicareForAll
Pathetic. Medicare for all.
because nothing will win @realDonaldTrump's war with NK like a sickly American population...
Millions will die ... "on both sides"

Because #socialismsucks?
Bills can't be cruel. And fat old socialists like you can be.
Objection, Appeal to Emotion Fallacy. Try again.
Elite & special-interest see sick poor handicap elderly as taking limited resources & $$ deny or take away Healthcare more for them.
I just called Sen Gillibrand to express my disapproval of this bill.  Please, please call your senators to encourage a NO vote!  SO import!
Gillibrand is in the bag. We need red-state voters to call.
And that's why I posted-please call your Senators to vote NO!! Mine just happens to b in the bag.
(2 of 2) Since Trump OBVIOUSLY colluded with Russia during the election we should be able to re-vote for the president get his ass OUT!!
Venezuela & Sweden are living under your "cruel" ideology today.
This is so sad :(
Because they LOVE 'Merica--and hate Americans.
I recon there are some more things you honestly cannot explain..
Today's GOP= shamefully cruel, inhumane and unethical.
Wasn't this your plan all along? You introduced single payer KNOWING GOP wld see that as a move toward socialism & try again to repeal ACA.
Single payor can work! It works in many other countries! And don't give me that bull about having to wait a long time. I have friends,Canada
Not saying single payer will not work, however, with the GOP in power it will never occur; introducing single payer only restarted the fight
Their actions imply they actually want people to die from their ailments, that those people aren't worthy of being saved.
@SenToomey #HealthCare is a #HumanRight. #MedicareForAll is the least expensive solution. You're #BlindedByTheRight. Drop the ideology.
Please don't let it happen
The basics need to be communicated at a level that the average american can truly understand - what is the impact on THEM directly??
What they send forth may it come back on them. Shut up @SenateGOP, y'all will reap what you sow.

you are hurting the ACA with you single payer bs protect the ACA instead of ur self interest #UnseatBernie

BECAUSE YOU HAD TO ANNOUNCE UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE 10 DAYS BEFORE RECONCILIATION WAS OVER. 

Please, stop “helping” us. Thanks.

—Democrats
We have to stop them again! #ThoseFuckers
How can we ... the people... out do the $400m Koch money with our phone calls? GOP are heartless monsters
