Why don't you just retire to that nice lake house that was gifted to you for not exposing the primary election fraud? #DNCscum
Not that I like George W, bc I don't, but it was Obama who doubled the all time national debt. #Facts
Took a pro like like Obama fir actually doubling the debt of all presidents combined even you can see that fact !???
You sir, are awful.
And Obama did double it. What's your point.
But... but... Trump is helping his and his rich friends' economy.
Where r you getting these numbers? Look at the tax rate adjustments & do the math. Was it the pretty pictures that convinced you of the BS?
Yeah, it need some brains & some number crunching. But doing taxes, investments, financial analysis & economics as a career helps.
Trump success in scamming & stiffing people should be punished, don’t you agree?
Punished by who?
Obama raised taxes and the national debt doubled. What's your point?
So, what happened when Obama doubled the debt?
Bernie, the reason the debt doubled was the Democrats adding pork and blackmailing Bush into signing everything. Check your facts!
All of this while he took down the Soviet Bloc without firing a shot. Compare this to the socialist disaster of Venezuela.
You're no financial wizard, Bernie! You and your wife should just stick to fraud and living like a leach on the American taxpayers.
Facts don't seem to matter to socialists
...does that make it OK?
You are a 30 year politician.
#NeverDJTHRC Clinton calls for corporate tax cut http://politi.co/2yB6ChG  Corp Rate “uncompetitive”—should cut to 25% or whatever competitive
When Obama was in office, it quadrupled. Unfollowing.
After they gave you the shaft you'd think spewing Dem talking points & lies would leave a bad taste. But no, you puke up whatever they say.
As usual Bernie smashed Ted with facts although Ted tried to talk over the truth as fast and loud as usual. Ted has no integrity or decency!
Wow you tweet fast while being on tv.
It's the magic of Bernie Sanders. Can't you feel it? lol.
Bernie doesn’t lie, but Ted Cruz did lie he certainly did call Social Security a Ponzi scheme. Watch!!
Bernie lies.
Maybe you should listen to facts instead of Ted!
Every thing BS proposes has already failed. 3 houses, life income, free health care, Bernie doesn't care about you. He is set for life!
Exactly what’s happening here in the UK

You’re such a liar.  I received tax cuts and barely was middle class.  STOP LYING. #loser
Democrats and independents like Bernie spent $10 Trillion without paying for it and they expect us to listen to them? 
After the cuts, Treasury revenue increased 40+%, from 2003 to 2007. It wasn't the taxes. It was the spending.

What EXACTLY did Obama spend the money on?

An Invasion FORCE?
-!-
Socialism is a fraud. Look at pictures of Venezuela for fine photography of how socialism really works for the people.
China is a capitalist country governed by one political party,  communist party. We have more socialist systems here than in China. Welfare
#BankFraudBernie wants to Talk about Taxes.
When Reagan was in office he cut tax RATES (not the same thing as cutting taxes, which you'd know if you weren't - well, YOU.) Receipts to the Treasury nearly doubled. But Dems on Hill still spent more & reneged on promised spending cuts. No amount of $ is ever enough for Dems.
Bernie is a hypocrite and a fraud. I guess playing fast a loose with the facts is as much of a liberal narrative as is calling anyone who doesn't agree with you a racist or a white supremacist.  PS Bernie: Obama spent twice as much as Bush.
.  Not 9.5T
When @BarackObama was in office and raised taxes, the national debt did double.
You are a fraud and your wife is about to go to jail for it. How much did you know?
Has nothing to do with invading the Middle East...
Stop with your retarded rhetoric!
Bernie you are a crazy fraud
Your a fraud along with the rest of the DNC. #BankFraudBernie
Socialism only works till it runs out of other peoples money! So let’s stop this madness sign the petition!
https://www.conventionofstates.com/ 
MAGA
The only fraud is U! U took millions & didn’t even try to win, never held a real job Stop talking like u know what you’re taking abt
When Reagan was in office??????dont spend my $ Bernie I’m going everywhere in vt getting young construction workers to vote low taxes sorry
Bernie you should know you are a voodoo
The poor don’t pay taxes Bernie.
when Obama was in office he doubled our dept from 10 trillion to 19 trillion.Bush did not cut taxes to wealthy.Obama was a fraud
Not too good in math r u?
You can tax every worker 100% and unless you spend less, you will bankrupt us
Same way Obama did
2 weeks ago it was stated that he is now worth 60mil on 400k a year.
You think Bernie does?
Obama Raise Taxes and still debt exploded........ Truth!
The debt "exploded" so u and your friends could have healthcare and beat back a depression...so tired of trumpers alt facts
You mean you tired of the Truth of Obama’s failures.  Typical progtard noise..
Failures?..has 45 with a the senate and congress in tow passed anything at all of any significance?...trick question the answer is no
He won an election defeating the most corrupt politicain in history, making the tiny brains of leftist, marxist, liberal fascist go boom!
Trying to change the subject nick?...you my friend are not even close to being as good as our president is at doing so. .
Not really Stan. OU just want to regurgitate the BS you see on #fakenews. No time for nonsense. HRC is not POTUS. Thank God.
No wonder you lost
Now, put down the joint
 
Bush added $3.7T to $6.2T Debt (59%)
Obama added $11.1T to $9.9T debt (112%)
 
Class over
DUH!
Oh Bernie. You do realize Obama was President for eight years and you ignored the $9 trillion in debt he accrued for those years, right?
Last eight years. Not. One. Word.
On the subject of tax and taxes how's your wife doing
Bernie will say anything as long as it conveniences himself, while bouncing over the obvious Obama Admin blunders.. more taxes, more debt...
Revenues grew, the spending is what did that. But you don’t want an to be honest, just super partisan. We don’t want to give you more money.
You are a fraud
Why did you cut the video off before @SenTedCruz started talking?
"w" Bush is on your side now.  Tear him up!

Says the guy that doesn't understand economics 101. Debt was 5T ish under Bush on day 1 then 10T ish when he left. O added 10T to debt.
You are a fool Bernie
Bernie you can’t teach stupid. Frauds like you hide behind a socialist platform. You steal, you lie, you sold out. Go home to bed with thief
The National Debt increased under GWB because he was fighting 2 Wars.  It had NOTHING to do with #TaxCuts, you money hungry fool
When Obama was in office he raised taxes on everyone, unemployment went up and the debt double again. Explain that 1. Bet you can't or won't
Voodoo http://economics.You  clearly know nothing at your old age. Socialism will die with your joke of a generation.
I would say Bernie is unfamiliar with the Laffer Curve.
Socialism promotes laziness.
Some twisted tails you tell... a socialist will say anything to raise taxes. What a shame.
Bernie is NOT a socialist. He only wants more leftist state control of capitalism. Not its abolition. Leftism/statism is NOT socialism!
Exactly he is a fraud pushing "Socialism". If he had any idea what it actually is.. he would NEVER want Socialism.
Ha! Socialism will be infinitely better than outdated failing capitalism. Capitalism's time is coming to an end. Socialism comes next.
Go where Socialism exists then, we dont want it here.
Lifes to short, get on a plane and enjoy your socialism now.
Ya I'll get you a flight to Venezuela myself.
I didn't know they taught Macro Economics on @survivorcbs
You only pay 14% on your taxes, right Bernie? But, you want to raise taxes for single payer ins.
wrong president Bernie
Obama doubled the debt...
GWB cut taxes for EVERYONE.  Why do Democrats always seem to forget that?  BTW Bernie is living rent free N your head.  You were embarrassed
We know who the fraud is Hillary, I mean Bernie, or is it barack or slick Willy? I’m so 
Totally disagree with Bernie! I seen the economic bubble was going to pop before bush left office, and it was due to badness.
Revenue to the Fed increased & so did the % of taxes paid by the wealthy.  Spending was an issue, but you loved that.  You're a fraud!
What a load of crap, Cruz ate him for lunch, but of course... Don't show that
You ignored Obama, why?
Is voodoo economics what most people call Keynesian economics, that has Maynard rolling in his grave?
After all the FBI's looking into her for white collar crimes
Fun facts for Bernie sold everybody out for Hillary Clinton but after seeing President Obama maybe there was a deal struck on his wife
When Obama was in office he raised taxes and the national debt grew from 10 to 20 trillion 

You are a fraud
How quickly they forget!
Oh No sellout @BernieSanders , u don’t have a leg to stand on U  heartlessly tried to boot disabled residents from their group home
Ok you fn Communist. Or should I say Socialist to be nice. Whatever.
Bernie do you think that 9/11 could have had some effect on the debt
Bernie!  The only ones who don’t want tax cuts are these like your supporters that pay none! #Parasites
Bernie if we'd wanted your Socialism & destructive ideas we would have made you president somehow. WE DIDN'T & YOU AREN'T TRUMP IS thank GOD
Bernie is full of crap!
Obama 10 trillion to 20 trillion debt
And @BarackObama nearly doubled the deficit.
Bernie please. Just go home and take a nap. If u were so interested in helping America. Sell 1 of ur 3 houses give ur salary to a charity
And Obama RAISED taxes on the wealthy & debt actually did double.  You're the one with voodoo economics.
You let your chance 2 B a significant Democratic leader after u cowardly didn't take HRC out of running in last election. Voodoo=Clinton.
Gov debt increases because you want to give free stuff to able people.
The Nat debt went up more under Obama than all other Potus put together you hypocrite!
Comrade Sanders, only fraud here is you.

TAXATION IS THEFT
Berne less than a year into office, 9/11 happened and the world changed, at least bush spent money on causes, not bailouts like BHO & SJ BS
Thankfully, you are irrelevant.
Bernie go back to your porno
Fraud?  You might want to check your own house @sensanders.
When Obama was in office he raised taxes and the national debt grew from 10 to 20 trillion
As if u gave 2 shits about the national debt...gimme a break
Blowhard pompous moron.
Wait Bern. Didn’t our debt DOUBLE under Obama?  Better start writing things down. Your memory is going.
Bernie
You're the fraud because you only tell half the story. Spending was not cut. That's why the debt went up.
#SheriffOfNottingham
Bernie voted no for a constitutional amendment for a balanced budget.His record on voting yes on spending bills is nothing short of Sociaism

btw, exactly how did a socialist get to be a multi-millionaire on a Congressional salary?  Just asking.
STOP LYING! You know he RAISED taxes on most Americans including the rich and middle class and still put us $10 TRILLION more in debt
Sleepy time grampa! Take out your teeth before you choke on them !
Democrats spent a lot when Bush was President. Bush was weak and gave Democrats everything they wanted.
Soooo  .... the national debt doubled during the Obama administration, what's your excuse for that?Bush's fault?
Oh Bernie go see a doctor, Obama doubled the national debt, moron.
Bush and Obama doubled the national debt. Terrible argument for both sides.
Um did you forget about 9/11 and two wars?
We've had one Commie President. We sure as hell won't survive a second one.
The difference is Trump knows what he is doing!!!
Amazing that you did not include Ted Cruz's response in your Twitter post.
Poor bernie still to ignorant to understand you can't take everyone else's money.
And so are you. Your Socialist BS doesn't play with folks that are capable of thinking for themselves.
Bernie you are stupid.
Do that voodoo that you do.
Sanders in office has  done nothing but get rich and get his ass beat by the worst candidate known to man - yet he condemns- That's Bernie
That was a one man debate little wannabe Robin hood Bernie was speechless!
Are you sure you have the mentality to be a senator? Your memory of the last 8 years is missing.
Simpleton.
More bullshit fakenews
Bernie Sanders is a socialist dweeb. Be damned if husband and I work hard for our money just to have it support slackers and politicians.
Fraud? Indeed, you know all about Frauds, don't you Mr. Sanders?
Problem with that is Bush had more disasters to pay for. Plus paying for a full blown war. Obama did not
Obama raised taxes and doubled our debt. Where were you?
Sure wish I owned three homes like you.....
Oh Bernie, Bernie, Bernie.  Did you forget that Obama doubled the debt?  Had lowest home ownership in 50 years and more Americans on food stamps than any other president. #facts
Ted Cruz cleaned your clock, Bernie. Even WaPo admitted it.
When Obama was in office he raised taxes and the debt doubled. Taxes aren’t the fix. Getting you old people to stop spending our money is..
Your idea of a socialist America would kill the country. Take your half baked ideas back to Russia where they came from. We want to MAGA
This Schmuck is a frustrated one!
We can add to your resume... Socialist LIAR.  OBAMA DOUBLED THE DEBT FROM 10 TRILLION TO 21. 

FACT!!
Was that about time you and your wife were committing Bank fraud?..ummmm was it?...Well?
Bernie Sanders would mass murder the 1%, he'd murder and incarcerate political enemies. Why? That's what leftists always do.
Really? Where'd you read that?
In a history book.
Try it sometime. Leftists have mass murder, genocide, brutal oppression in common.
You mean he cut taxes for everyone. Yes I guess the wealthy were included. Too bad he didn't murder them all, as you would do. #MAGA
You never worked a real job, been on the govt dole since college and your a millionaire corrupt politician. Do you stil have rape dreams?
You're just feeling the burn from Cruz. He smoked you in the debate.
You're just an old Socialist with NO Knew ideas, only the confiscation of other people's money. How much did you give to the #DisasterRelief
Liar
Dude you got your ass handed to you by Ted! That was so bad I bet Hillary felt it
How funny BS. You remind me of Hillary "it's always someone else's fault"
You are a fraud actually didn’t they charge you with bank fraud why are you still here
Then what ? Bill Clinton usher in 8 yrs of prosperity. Another Bush wrecked it. Pres Obama did what BC did, but U condemned @ Status Quo.
Shouldn't you be visiting your wife in jail?
So debt is bad? Are you proposing that we balance the budget? Deal.
Ole Bernie reminds me of Harry Carry. Sorry Harry.
Those 2 things are unrelated. A housing bubble (formed before he entered office) collapsed.
tell me again how many multi million dollar homes you and your wife own ?  YOU ARE A FRAUD trying to convince you are a "man of the people"
When Obama was in office he raised taxes and the national debt grew from 10 to 20 trillion 

You are a fraud
You are a fraud and don't even understand the Robin Hood story.
