Need to go harder after Doctors; they are still prescribing this garbage for "pain therapy". They knew/know damn well it was/is addictive.
It's also the responsibility of the patient to not become addicted. Those pill bottles are clearly marked that it could be habit forming
NO Pharm corps marketed to docs telling them that when used for "pain management" opiates are not addictive and my 79 yr mother fell for it.
It says right on the bottle they are addictive. It's patients responsibility to read the information that comes with the drug.
That can be said of a multitude of drugs which cure a variety of illnesses. Not that simple!
What isn't that simple?
Well if it is there is a warning now, I do not think there was for a long time. Just heavy machinery warning. And, its not that simple...
Those warnings have been there for 10 years at least.
I don't agree.  They choose to do drugs and become addicts.
Good thing what you think doesn't matter or instead of there being 50,000 deaths a year (omg you're disgusting) there will be 100,000 soon.
I'm disgusting.   I have been addicted to nicotine 4 over 40 yrs.  If I die of lung cancer got no one to blame but me.
Will you use your insurance to treat complications of your addiction? Stroke? Cancer? High blood pressure? Heart disease? Gum disease?
If there is a point in your question I'm not sure I get it...Why do you ask?
We cover attempting to cure complications caused by addiction - why not cover curing the addiction? Treat the problem, not just the symptoms
Got it. Great question and point : )
It is great to help these people, but should we also be looking for the cause of their addiction
The cause of the addiction is opiates...What other thing are you thinking it might be?
Why are they taking opiates, where are they getting it?  Stop this at it's source.
Seems you may need to do a lil research. Too complicated for a tweet sorry. Search "pharmaceutical corps opiates". Prepare for disillusion.
Will do , thanks
You're welcome
Why is it when a natural disaster occurs, we heed the call of duty; but when each day, our country faces a health care crisis, we don't?
Because, sadly, in the US most don't get it until disaster hits their doorstep.
Sadly, I think you are right.
Guess what that Opiod is called you dope ... MEXICAN BLACK TAR HEROIN , yet you want a wide open border , YOU ARE THE PROBLEM

While I've always leaned right,  there are issues that I agree with you Sen. Sanders. Single payer is one of them. Not sold on addiction cov
I had a family member who was hospitalized for sepsis.30 years old and cost the tax payers hundreds of thousands of dollars in medical bills
I've been employed my whole adult life as a carpenter and I currently have no health coverage. I realize to the upper class I'm a nobody.
You and me and millions of others, my friend.  It's time for a change.
Well, the profiteering of big pharma and health care in general needs to be addressed, but single payer is the best insurance model, by far.
Guess what?  With current USA system, there is no dental.
DUH! But u don't need UNIVERSAL H C to accomplish that. Good try.
I agree and decriminalization of all street drugs has proven to cut drug abuse by 50% in Portugal
Decriminalize opium.
decriminalize all street drugs
Ok
There will be NO universal health care system withthe Democratic Party in charge. They want use satisfied with the ACA. That's it. LEAVE NOW

Thats 33.000 reasons for a change
when you talk about moving towards a universal health care system I think of Venezuela
I think of Canada, Australia, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Holland, The UK. The USA could never become Venezuela.
I was being sarcastic.  Still, the only 1 of those nations that we could compare ourselves to is the UK which has about 85 million ppl
States could run their own healcare agencies which are beholden to the frd. Its totally doable
I would rather strengthen Obamacare and retain the freedom and flexibility of care private insurance provides
A larger population is not an excuse
@ker the opioid epidemic only worsens in drastic number each year.
I'm an ex addict and the "treatment" you are pushing is very expensive and not really effective. been there done that , there's a better way
Want to treat addiction? We could start by creating the conditions where people don't turn to drugs in the 1st place
yep you're right , AND stop the shit from coming in across that wide open border !!!! Trump is RIGHT
How about reexamining what's considered a schedule-1 drug and look at a plant-based painkiller that is legal in several states...
Yes like Marijuana
And prevention. We need to look at chronic pain management differently
People who will never ever be pain free for the rest of their lives should get opiates. I'm an RN if watched it first hand
Sorry but I deal with pain daily by ignoring it. No opiates ever, even when offered. A single Toradol if it gets too intense.
Wow good for you. I can't do it. I lay in bed in so much agony I cry. Need help walking to the bathroom and upstairs with many breaks
When everything is free, you hand over your whole paycheck to me. #communism
There are plenty of programs. You have to want help first!
How well is UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE WORKING IN VERMONT?  ITS NOT.
You sure are comfortable stealing and spending other people's money, aren't you? Tyrant.
Can you please get on some opiods?
Does your addiction to government handouts count, Bernice?
If you are pro treatment of addiction then how can you be for drug use of anykind including marijuana, you're a big mouth fraud.
Plus equal insurance coverage for mental illness.
33,000 people die from overdoses every year? How many KIDS die from cancer? That's where the money needs to go
@SenSanders don't treat addiction. Heal it's root causes: pain, trauma & mental health.
Want to stop it? Then start revealing the intelligence people including politicians who are the major drug dealers!
Please don't water it down with copays. We want true Single Payer.
As long as it works like single payer schools then I'll be Happy
I have worked hard my whole life and up to this point i have worked and juggled 2 to 3 jobs at one time now i am barley able to do house wk
I can not get seen and receive MRI for a back injury that happened while working at changing of garden in Corsicana TX let go shortly after
It happened while helping my boss as requested by him push an 1800lb unevenly loaded crate of Compania water fountains off truck up hill
BS, they need to quit, NOT MY ADDICTION< NOT MY PROBLEM
You should be the first one for help ! Your addiction for bullshot is out of control
Universal healthcare doesn't seem to be working for all those Venezuelans dying on the streets
Don't forget alcohol addiction. It's a slower death but deadly just the same. #alcoholism
Sadly we have the antidote but after they are brought back they suffer withdrawal & many do it again. Understand but this is not the answer
So it's my responsibility to fix a junky who chose todo drugs.
Im an Ex Bernie supporter! Bernie is a lying sack of crap!
And this is why it is imperative for you to become the next US President
Your system sucks and no way would if work for our country!
Treatment for addiction needs to be evidence based. Insurers give people 28 days when they need closer to 90.
Large corporate interests will not result in saved admin costs or the growth of solo and small group primary care practices
Please do not let investor owned for profit insurers have a say in your final draft.
You are corrupt..You want us people to believe you truly care then support our President...
Q
I
What's this about?
What is the 'leverage' that Clinton manager Robby Mook (re47@hillaryclinton.com) believed he had over Sanders? https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/47397#efmAAAAB2 … 
...it is absolutely imperative that education & prevention of individual addiction be a part of that.
Healthcare is not a right. Just as an elephant is not a balloon. Reality gets in the way of your definition changing scheme.
Listen Bernie we rejected you and your Marxist ways. Our health care system has been destroyed but hypocrites like you are exempt. Stick it!
You have to want to be clean, auto put in rehab does not work.  Just repeating on our dollar.  Plenty of free programs now. We don't want it

Love & respect you, lover of humanity!  Universal healthcare would be harder to corrupt,ergo why the COMPASSIONLESS GOP IS TOTALLY AGAINST.
theres no opiod crisis, theres a problem in d'black market who uses fentanyl to masquerade the quality, a social problem, human rights prob
Most opioid addictions in the US follow doctors' prescriptions for pain treatment
We over-prescribe and ODs are the leading cause of accidental death in the country
Opium poppy plants are organic.
There is a killer gene that can be spliced into the DNA of the poppy plant.
All poppys die.
No poppy plants = no opium.
We have known this for years now.
There is s quick fix for this problem. Do it.

#alcoholawareness Also check with CDC and US surgeon General and Health and Cancer groups everywhere-Alcohol is the deadliest drug America
You really want to bankrupt this country .
Free Opioids from BERNIE ? Needle exchanges? Government run shooting galleries? Another huge bureaucracy?
Paid for by Working Americans?
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan concerned GOP healthcare,benefit wealthy,tough to repeal #ACA,better to improve #ACA than replace
Thank you for your fight for what is morally right Senator. We need more, who think like you, in power.
You need treatment for your addiction on trying to turn the USA socialist Comrade!!!!!
By using 'towards' instead of 'toward,' you advocate a British grammar over an American one. Fitting, in light of your message. #spellified
Great, so now I am for the addicts too? Absolutely not.
If you want to stamp out addiction, first you gotta stamp out shitty parents.
https://youtu.be/NIOaDJTNTJI  Australia has a better Health Care system
If you ever want to see an Aussie hospital up close my aunt runs one in Queensland
US might consider getting out of the Trillion$ drug trade in Afghanistan - or nah?
Get down on your knees and earnestly pray for the removal of your addiction,  its worked for me and 1000's of others it will work
Yeah and give out free heroin so you'll have plenty of addicts to treat.
Please make hearing, vision, and dental be a part of it too... I need to go to the dentist bad!

BERNIEPLEASE ASK @amyklobuchar TO SHOW YOU OUR DIRECT MESSAGE WE SENT HERIT IS TIME TO LISTEN TO US ON GROUND IN TEXAS
Senator Sanders, when will you pull your support for the fascist Antifa?
Name one first world country on earth without universal health care. Only USA uses this expensive crappy greed-based system.
The ACA is flooding the streets with drugs unfortunately
I wish I could retweet this a thousand times over.
or people could just be smart and not take them.
I have to wait a week to fill my mother's  because I can't afford the copay.
Your awesome Bernie !!!
As long as cannabis is no longer a controlled substance used to strip rights, privileges, and jobs from people.
You know if people were mostly good, and decent someone like Bernie or Kamala would be president. I lost my faith in humanity after Trump.
Yes cory booker visited our reintegration addiction organization here in phillipsburg new jersey. FREEDOM HOUSE its a great attempt.
But but but terrorists??
White House Petition Aims to Declare George Soros a Terrorist http://www.newsmax.com/Headline/george-soros-terrorist-petition-white-house/2017/09/01/id/811151/ … #Newsmax via @Newsmax_Media
How are you going to keep the prices of meds, doc and hospitals down. Doc fraud is rampant. It was bad in 1990 when I worked for Blue Cr/Shi
Also, as a hospital RX buyer, I know Naloxone supplies go up and down, sometimes we can't  get it. Manufacturers must make it a priority
Also these docs that throw these drugs at people are not giving them a way out of the addiction, no taper off the opioid, no help.
I've been in pharmacy for 14 years, my retail days taught me that Drs. MUST be held accountable for irresponsible RX prescribing.
You are #FakeNews
It's already been proven that there's pyschedelics out there that treat opiate addiction. Confident that the drug war will cease. #mdmacali
All these ass hole need to do is help themselves
You are so right!!I admire your continuing to fight for what you believe is right!!!
Are you going to include a treatment for your socialist addiction to spending other people's money like it grows on trees?
He likes to spend other people's money. #ThatsAllHesGoodAt
Hey Bernie, payers and providers are 2 different things you imbicile!
NOBODY chooses to be a addict...it's a lot more complicated than that & the medical community still can't figure it out.SINGLE PAYER !
You've screwed up Healthcare enough. Government is a hindrance NOT a help to everything they get involved in.
That's all well and good as white heroin addicts are now the flavor-of-the-month. When will Black crack addicts get this type of empathy? 
As a former opiate addict, I completely agree. Keep up the great work Bernie!
I just came from minor surgery, W/O drugs, as I don't want to become addicted.  Some can't take the pain, though.
Breaking news that Comey WAS a weasel & would never rccmnd indicting Hillary. Join Draft Bernie u were cheated, ur policies would've helped!
An opioid industry that's desperately trying to destroy the natural cannabis industry by trying to make out they're the devil.
Universal healthcare @SenSanders is a good idea,but,it should be controlled by the people,not big government.The government is corrupt.
The ONLY industrialized nation without universal healthcare. Disgraceful and who says we r the greatest nation on earth. Don't make me laugh
Why are co pays up for discussion. Your bill isn't finished per your office staff. You said no co pays.
thank you for bringing more awareness to this awful crisis!
https://youtu.be/u2O7fCRRx0I  Forget politics. This is for the moms, real and raw. God Bless.
It could happen to anyone, this topic is really important to me. It's easy for people to trash addicts, until their loved one is affected
You are way off. Our country has to improve and seldom does addiction treatment help.
Why aren't we talking about pharmaceutical companies producing opioid based pain pills which ultimately leads to heroin addiction?? Oh, $$$.
I'm amazed at the division in America over the issue of universal health care. Although when the ACA was passed the protest were huge
Now many of those same people who protested are fighting and screaming to save the ACA. They have seen the benefits and have experienced
A sample of what a single payer system would offer. But UHC goes far beyond the adv of Medicaid. Because it covers everyone for everything.
Every life threatening event in your life. Every essential health service. Every test to find problems before they are life threatening.
And I understand the misconception that this system would cost more than you are paying now. It is promulgated by Reps incessantly
But when costs are spread across an entire population costs actually come down. Medical procedure costs drop. PHARMA prices drop.
Your costs drop. Therefore the overall taxes you would pay would be lower than you insurance costs. And the concept of deductibles ceases
Keep up the fight so many people are fighting with you   Every person in this country deserves health care.  Not just the wealthy.
Vermont is free to start its own universal healthcare system... oops, would have to be paid by state taxes not borrowing like the fedgov
Universal involves insurance co.'s. Medicare for ALL is proper term! Ok?
I agree, this man has a vision and a plan! Sadly, he's not the president! US needs you Mr. Sanders.. keep it up!
Are you kidding? Get government out of healthcare before the country collapses under the weight of increasing debt.
What about people who are in a lot of pain & need to live a normal life & get relief?
Let's also tackle obesity the number one cause of many deadly afflictions including high blood pressure, diabetes, and heart disease.
I do agree with you a Trillion Times
It is so bad here in Ohio. I wish our representatives would acknowledge how legalizing marijuana would help it
Yes and Trump had 65 billion earmarked for that
In fact he won on a platform of rehabilitation did you not know that ? Why don't you just join his team ?
DONATE A MILLION TO HARVEY VICITIMS ,
I still keep asking how do you control cost? By letting elderly people die.
American Red Cross CEO earns a salary of $ 1, 200,000.00 per year. The foundation forwards just $ 0.08 per $ donated. Trump praises her
Please donate to Harvey victims.
If you've ever lost someone to drug abuse, you will appreciate the fight against drug abuse. Thank you @BernieSanders
Essential!
How can you still think this would be a good system? Which of your houses are you at today?
It would be ironic if you were it's first victim.  Be careful what you wish for.
If it's all free why wouldn't it be. Why aren't you working for free? Everything is free. Lead by example.
How do you propose we pay for this.Have you  come up with a way to pay for it without taxing the hell out of us or breaking the bank?
I disagree!
. Lol when "you thought of universal health care"?
So now American taxpayers are responsible for paying for drug habits? Good lord.
Thinning the herd. That's all. Sorry if that sounds heartless, I have no tolerance for weakness. Addictive personality? Deal with it, I do.
Bernie, why are we threatening Sweden not to sign the nuclear weapons banned treaty?
Sure, we don't mind the 55% tax to pay for it! #WRONG
Get out of my health care Sanders. You've already screwed it up enough with obamacare. Stop killing us!

Helps US! No more hysterectomies. You might not have a uterus but you come from one. #RecallEssure #Essure #FDA Support #MDSA17 #HR2164
We have to help save those who are addicted,  while  warning the nation to avoid this entrapping evil,  as bad as any plague....
True, but in the process u need 2 remember there r true chronic pain patients out there who r not getting the treatment they genuinely need
I'm so worried for myself n my fellow CP. I'm in serious pain!! 11yrs in n never once abused my meds. 
#opiatecrisis
Yes, every kind of healthcare-- mental to dental, circumcision to vision. That's mine-- you can use it.
All you ever do and have done is TALK!!!
Bernie is doing a great job leading the charge to create a national wave of support for Medicare for all. Hopefully we get there.
