Will you tell us about the things you two have in common? Like how you didn't have a job until you were around 40? Or your three houses?
idk anyone else currently running in the Democratic party who approaches being similar to someone like Jeremy Corbyn from Labor
So I view Sanders as a way to start making DSA's policy more popular, which would be far more helpful to more people than either party atm
I'd rather have someone better, rather than a lesser evil
But by voting and supporting a lesser evil, all you will receive as that same evil as people will see it as acceptable loss.
What ppl hate about the Dems, myself incld, is that they co-opt lefty issues while remaining neolib
Sanders threatens that status quo
Most liberals are heading towards communism/socialism in their ideology, carrying that weight with them. Sanders may well be the status quo.
Most democrats atm are shy of even mentioning single-payer
They talk up 15/hr bc capital can still adapt around it easier, hence neolib.
Somebody has to create a comic book character based on this joker.
They did!!!! He's in the White House!!
1900: USA spent 2.7% of its GDP. 2012: spent 24%. Stop the BS. All Big Govts run out of someone else's money. Socialism = Dumb
Climate change is the god of those who don't know God
Let's talk about your wife and her corruption bernie
Bernie MAYBE there is climate change but dont u get tired of enjoying fooling masses with marxist lies
Marxist lies like what? We should have the same benefits that everyother modern nation has?
Same bene's?obviously u have no clue what marxist ideology is,only 1's who benefit from socialism/marxism r the politburo who dictate 4 ppl
Then why it is that other modern nations that are democratic socialist have lower amounts of wealth inequality?
Just like venezuela, now populace ia pias poor and the ruling govt has it all. Look at cuba rarions unless youre the govt
You are using poor countries in comparison to rich ones. Things like self reported happiness are all higher in dem socialist countries.
Poor country, Venezuela?? Ill give u cuba, but still the politburo still has the riches, not the ppl
Venezuela has an oil based economy. When the prices of oil dropped the country went into poverty.

I hope you don't run for office you need to be replace asap.
Will you start the clock on this one. Big Al has no shame. No proof, no facts, no scientific proof... Just propaganda.. and Bernard knows..

Ask him about universal health care and affordable college, too.
He doesn't know much about that because his brain is empty after the "internet" invention. 
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tim_Berners-Lee?wprov=sfla1 …
Hi Mr. Miller, didn't know it was him but what I did know is that it wasn't Al Gore and he had the audacity of claiming the internet inventi
Using weather and shaky data inputs to scare the populace into the greatest wealth redistribution scheme the world has ever known.
Why you complaining that's what your president does!!
Double moron hour it gets no worse than this I puked in my mouth a little
This is shameful.  Gerrymandering and suppression of the voters vote is what depriving people of good governance.
kidd rock for president 2020 bernie fuck that
Did u 2 clowns take into account ur 3 homes and his 10k sq ft estates carbon footprint? Hypocrites!!
You and Al Gore are matching bookends for brazen stupidity. His climate change is as big a scam as your cry for socialism.
That was a awesome podcast. Said no one. Hey hows that fraud case going?? Hypocrite!
Yeah, a great use of a senators time. Chase that lie too.
@SenSanders will you discuss @algore 's continues fight against ManBearPig as well?  He is super cereal!
Quit peddling your religion we don't want it, it's a lie but we do want to take care of our planet, clean water and air!
The only Inconvenient Truth about Al Gore is that didn't he die in the climate change apocalypse he predicted
Your entire career is dedicated to bankrupting & destroying the world in the name of saving it. You get well paid for betraying your voters.
Piers Corbyn, scientist/brother of Jeremy Corbyn, has proven a far stronger relationship between solar activity and climate change than CO2.

Al Gore the bore. What's his carbon footprint flying around lecturing on climate change #Hypocrites
Ahhh translated. More lies from oleBern.
don't mean his scheme to make more money????????
Why do you hateful people even respond to this post?  What r U doing to make America better?   SMH.  You're all abt fear.  Feel sorry for u.
#Bernie2020.  We love you!!
I would like 2 hear about geothermal heating/cooling as a way 2 increase energy efficiency & lower the need 4 natural gas @waterfurnace




What was it less than 1°?
In other words why don't you guys lead by example he also what's going to be the temperature increase over the next 30 years Bernie?
Why don't you do the same Bernie sell every house you have except one and make it totally green
If Al wants to fight climate change get out of this 20,000 square-foot mansion and live in a regular efficient environment friendly home
Guess you missed it plant ended in 2016 - this is all a dream.. Al could not have been wrong. Or could he ?

Algore's complete motivation was to make himself rich on the backs of poor people.  And you lie for him.
While you're talking to him tell him it's Fake. Just a way for him to get rich!
Really? Any profits yet? Ur heavy on ur brain.
Sell those tickets amd books while 1 in 3 kids live in poverty in the US
Turn on a fan you Liberal Losing Hypocrite is you get to warm
Podcast! Don't you have tax  payer work to do? What's the bill Bernie?
Why aren't you researching ways to improve healthcare & reduce costs to the millions on ACA? You have too much time on your hands.
He already has. It's called single payer it's up to the rest in gov to go through with it
I woke up today the sun was shining and it was getting hot...an hour later it was pouring rain and cooled 12°. I witnessed clinate change..!
I watched the polls and noticed one candidate won the popular vote and the other won the election. I witnessed democracy...!
Bernie do the Republicans have the votes proceed?
That's laughable
Ah the old cilmate change hoax.. according to Al Gore.. half the US would of been under water already..all bullshit
One of my dream is to have you on my Podcast(@InfluenceMtl)Senator Sanders! Since dreams don't work unless you do, I'm working towards it.
Did you and Al discuss how to increase your wallet and carbon footprint while preaching to others they have to decrease theirs? hypocrites!
Do you ask him why nearly all of the 'science' & predictions from his 1st film were so off, & how he can follow it up with any credibility?

At his salary and his wifes inheritance he is not unjustly rich especially in comparison to the rest of the senate.
He is infact "poor" for his peer group. Below median and average.
But given your time line is rammed with outright propaganda .. your not going to listen to me are you?
He has 3 homes. 1 in VT, 1 in DC, and a lake front vacation home in New England. And I haven't heard him thank the taxpayers once...
At his income bracket well it would be hard not to have done something house wise, and as for his peers? They own alot more. Alot.
is he flying in on his gas guzzling private jet ?
@BernieSanders We need more hard hitting discussions. Al Gore isn't going to give us this as he is middle of the road. HMU and I'll help.
What a leftist hypocrite @SenSanders Talking with a politician worth $200m about climate change Why don't you ask him to give his money away
Just a bunch of propaganda so you and @algore can make more $$. Do either of you ever look at OBJECTIVE facts vs just those that agree?
did you drive an electric car to the film
Did you talk about how there are falsified documents?
Nothing like listening to two people who lie about their beliefs. #ivorytowerelitistcowards making millions spreading fear and violence.
Where on earth are you getting that from?

Guess you have to make a new movie after your first predictions were off by what, 50-100 years?
Shhh, lol.
Climate is changing! People are waking up to the ponzi scheme aka Climate redistribution! Gore got rich & U want a chunk while the poor pay
Gore/Sanders 2020?
Americans grow weary of Billionaire paid off Republicans as our homes are flooding, our trees are snapped like matchsticks, and crazy temps.
Raising taxes isn't going to stop climate change.
More lies and fantasies spread to gullible minds by the libtards, just what we need 

Hey yo, check how much Al Gore's net worth has gone up since he began "fighting climate change". I'm sure it's just a coincidence, though.
Truth!
Al invented the internet,,now al and bern are going to invent a cooling ray to point at the sun,,,they will be heroes
@HuffPost @politico Ask @algore How "green" his mansion is.  Also, tell us how "green" your three homes are.
oh what a difference a year makes - no one listened in philly and here we are
You don't have time for this.  You need to be shoring up your defense strategy.

#BankFraudBernie
Yet another #Fearmongers payday.
The project influence of the Paris Accord is a temp change of 2/10 or one degree Celsius. We have been warming since ICE AGE, this is normal
Does al know ur heating and cooling 3 houses?,,,al lives in a small cabin off grid
Hope you won't pepper talk with holier-than-thou BS some of your followers spew. They love a circular firing squad: Revolution they call it.
Paris Accord- If all 196 signers performed @ 100%, temp will move 2/10 of one degree Celsius, by 2100. Cost 2 Americans, 2.4T.  Not worth it
That's so funny... 

Click  link for a real scientific paper and the truth!

https://thsresearch.files.wordpress.com/2017/05/ef-gast-data-research-report-062717.pdf …
I can tell a crack team of Conservative scientists worked on this
I can tell this moron took the time to read it! It's like the democrats who took the time to read the Healthcare bill or the PCA... LOLOL
RT to @realDonaldTrump “@SenSanders: Today on the podcast: I talk to @algore about his new film and the fight to combat climate change. ”
what a joke, Sen.BS and non-for I mean Al Gore.
Al Gore the biggest scam artist in history.
Dems move toward globalism.  Common denominator among Globalists is climate change. Truth is, it's happening, but we can't stop it.  PA hoax
Climate, warming since ICE AGE!  Weakness of humans 2 think they can stop or change.  Earth flips poles every 26K years, shells in desert.
US is in danger &u speak about weather
what u do with best US president in congress
What's relationship btwen trump soninlaw jobs with trump
politicans are always talk shit that people dont care about
You're a phony!!
You're certainly better at that than combatting Isis, showman.
More crooked politician podcast! No Thanks
As I pull up in my brand new Audi A8 and never had a real job and my wife faces bank fraud
Wtf you have a podcast? Go on joe rogans show please.
As they drive up in their big SUV's
Typical oligarchs let the peasants eat drive economy cars, pay unbearable taxes while the laugh all the way to the bank
So the huckster isn't done defrauding people.
Maybe you should ask him why his movie lied so much and most of the predictions never came true.
Did @algore fly on his private jet to meet you?
If you guys really thought CC was real you'd sell your spare houses off and cut your carbon footprints.
ilysm
Bernie you an your wife are corrupt!
Are you going to ask him why he says he's against climate change but drives around in a SUV and private jet?
We shoild all be under water by now!
Bernie, you should discuss the bank fraud investigation! #BankFraudBernie
That's a nice strawman argument! How does it feel to be too stupid to discuss the actual topic of the tweet?
Topic of the tweet? Ok fine! Did @algore fly on his private jet to meet with Bernie? Which one of Bernie's 3 houses did they do the podcast?
Y'all should have been running mates
Lol! They both ran for President and lost! 
Bernie go on Chapo
