What's immoral is taking federal taxpayer  and spending it on people who are cheating the system while misrepresenting as welfare.
To be clear, your logic is:
1. Pretend to be poor and live in shitty conditions
2. ???
3. Profit!
I think the point is that taxation is theft & redistribution is forced charity. But muh socialism bruh!
Your taxation comes with representation. That's why we had the revolutionary war. If you don't like it, scramble off to another country.
Like those roads you drive on? Thank taxes. Taxes provide you with plenty of things that you like also, so kindly shut the fuck up.
You can believe whatever load of crap you want about how parental our government should be with our money. I'm for cutting them off.
Technically it's their money since they issue it to us. We're no longer on the gold standard. So if you cut them off, the $ disappears.
Well abolish fiat money. Point is our property (however defined) is taken and used inefficiently and often against our will and interests.
Begrudging the very food that the poor among us put into their mouths.  
They have 2 perfectly good kidneys. If they really wanted to feed themselves, they'd have sold 1 before begging gov for food. Those bums!
Where are these people protesting and begging for benefits INSTEAD of trying to get jobs to survive? Instead of protesting AND working.
Of course. Republicans hate people who use food stamps, but love receiving their votes.
Lol what? You're saying "they hate people who use food stamps, but love votes towards them".
No. Republicans continuously vilify the use of food stamps but the majority of food stamp users vote for republicans and live in red states
That's easy to say because there's only 8 blue states
You should look at how much money those "only 8 blue states" contribute to other states.
So what does that tell you? Those blue states are full of greedy criminals!
Yep they steal from citizens through highest taxes
Taxes are not theft... sorry, there are some things you gotta pay for. Like those roads/parks you run in
I just watched several families of muslim immigrants who were arrested for stealing 7 million from food stamp program on the news.
Of course you say they are Muslim.
They get what they voted for. Good luck to you.
Fuck the 1%...I'm with the working poor and those who are vunerable. The 1% should pay higher taxes and if that's socialism then that's ok.
You want everyone on food stamps!
Socialism working for Venezuela?! 
Middle America is tired of supporting non-workers, Illegals & Refugees!
SNAP feeds children, babies, elderly & disabled, including many injured vets, most working for Wal-Mart & other billionaire biz.
Maddens me to NO end that more people will go hungry at the hands of another politician/ president. This nation i has it SO wrong
Welfare breeds welfare.  Thank the #waronpoverty and #publichousing.  It has to end somewhere.
I totally agree that it's NOT a way of life, just saying that some don't have a choice
You always have a choice!
Yes, you have the choice of starving to death.  Or, you can cut your wist; jump from a high place; evaporate. You are a genius. What choice?
Please, enlighten me with statistical proof  the war on poverty aka socialism has continually reduced enrollment in said programs.
You are asking a foolish question.  Your question implies that poverty can be eliminated through Socioeconomics which is unrealistic.
Social programs work best as tools to provide a humane quality of life for a population of generally POOR people.  [Poverty will never end.]
Isn't the true scandal that food stamps are necessary at all?
This is to further enrich the Multinationals to make us a Pooorer Country more dependent on their Labor This is Treason!
.
As long as they have steaks and lobsters, they don't care!
And that is just just the ones that are able to work and sat on the behind
What's immoral is the gov't has stuck the future children with $200 Trillion of unfunded liabilities. What have you done for the last 10yrs?
Most of that $200 trillion went to the military to execute wars around the world.  Starving the poor will not fix the debt, less war will.
Better check the facts:

https://raymondpronk.files.wordpress.com/2010/10/unfunded-liabilities-entitlements-600_entitlements_chart_5.jpg …
Is depopulation next?  That looks like our only next option.  The poor, sick and old have to live somehow.  Or, they don't live at all.
So no one had food before the gov't provided it?
Capitalism is a devouring monster that exploits the poor and workers to the benefit of the few in power.  Without help the poor will starve.
Without food stamps in the United States of America, the richest nation on earth, millions of people would go hungry every day.
it's just unfathomable and unconscionable.  No wonder the Pope was scowling in the pic with Trump.  #Trump is a disgrace to humanity
Are we supposed to watch people die of hunger in the richest nation in the world?  Would that please you?  God is love.  Do you love anyone?
No, it is a human issue.  States and nations are not real. We created them on paper. HUMANS are real.  And, we should care about each other.
Bernie is there any fraud in our welfare system
I sell 100s of dollars a week of energy drinks on foodstamp cards... obviously people have the benefit and really don't need it. Reform it!
How many would get off food stamps if we paid them a decent wage? Say, $15 an hour? I need an actuary to come with some real nos.
Who exactly will pay these increased wages?
Faceless corporations?
No, it gets passed on to consumers.
Pay welfare tax at the cash register.
Maybe if big corporations paid real taxes we could afford to take care of the indigent, elderly, disabled Instead, they get more tax breaks
It's complicated.
Corporations pass on expenses like taxes to the consumer, who then pays those "real taxes" & lower income pay more %-wise.
When economists can graph the huge disparity in wealth, someone needs to pay more, and it ain't us. Can't keep the 98% paying all the bills.
45% pay zero Fed income tax and the top 20% of earners actually pay 87% of ALL income taxes to the Feds. How much is enough?
CBO data from last year shows top 20% pay only 70% of federal income taxes.
Also shows that they make more than half of all pre-tax income.
Considering that the ability of top earners to earn what they do depends on social stability, they should accept this modest redistribution.
How about repair rather than eliminate. Many on public assistance will tell you it can be the difference between life & death.
It is inhuman and unacceptable this is way beyond the limit food stamps!! Trump is evil Nazi
IMMORAL? Your  wife is under investigation for FRAUD! She single handedly took the school down! WTF is wrong with you?
Rep.Brady Toensing has been fabricating this story since 1/16 as a means to try to destroy Bernie in case he became the nominee.
What actually happened and what Brady Toensing would like to accuse of happening are 2 diff things. Toensing dug deep on Bernie but found 0
We are also looking to added physical fitness test, employment verification and drug testing added to SNAP and anyone on govt health care.
Will you please run for president in 2020. We need your help. Desperately.
Am 60+ S Sec. tried to force food stamps down my throat. Spouse is 100% disabled. Declined. Meanwhile immigrants, refugees, illegals collect
Tell Congress to stop borrowing from the impoverished to fund other agendas.  Please!
I know this may sound radical, but I think kids should be able to; go to school, the doctor, and be able to eat!
maybe all these voters in poorest states need to wake up and smell the coffee and move to states where unions were strong once upon a time
and Reagan and GOP union busting has really hurt middle class - great for corps and CEOs though
Perhaps he's trying to make people less dependent on govt and politics.
Or take the $ for tax breaks for the top 400 highest earning households in the US...as what the GOP tried to do w healthcare
Consumers make up 70% of the GDP. $ sits w shareholders when it goes to the very top.
What make you entitled to take the earnings of a minority?
I take nothing. I have a great job and great benefits. I'm just not ignorant enough of the system to want the gvt to work for a few rather
than the majority of working people. The same who say get gvt out are the ppl paying gvt to work well for them. The rest are ppl who
are actually fighting for those at the very top. Not even the very wealthy..the very top.
I also do not appreciate picking up the tax slack for that same minority, many of which pay little federal taxes if not $0 in federal taxes
Awful indecent man and same goes for his Administration!
They'll get people off food stamps and back to work because they care about the people more than the votes that handouts guarantee. 
You are aware that corporate capitalism mandates the existence of unemployed ppl, no?
It's been called the "reserve army of labor" for 150 years. It's why some are forced to take shit jobs while others are left starcing.
*starving. If you'd read The Great Transformation, our history would teach you something important.
Here's what I know: throwing more money behind the same failing policies never actually fixes it.  Period.  Time for a new approach 
Bern, you are a joke! Trump should cut more out of food stamps! No excuses for 40 million people on food stamps and welfare JOBS EVERYWHERE
not for disabled seniors
Well, I'm a disabled senior and I still work! Try it sometime!
Do you even know what you are talking about! Guess that is just normal for you!
People need to learn reliance and not dependent for life on food stamps Bernie. #govtteat
Food stamps should be cut !  Lots of fraud coming from there !
It is so f#!~d up that there are no laws in place to protect the People from abusive of power from any branch of govt.
Thanks Bernie
He's a man with no sense of decency
He does like (along w/WilburRoss) totalitarian government-
For $1.00 US dollar, I can feed a poor child for a week. Please donate what you can to help defeat childhood hunger:
For $1.00 US dollar, I can feed a poor child for a week. Please donate what you can to help defeat childhood hunger:
A lot of corruption too in these programs. Get the ones out that can afford new cars and big homes and let that money help the true poor ppl
Thx Bernie. Also why do churches not pay tax? Tax them n use for single payer. Church shud be charitable n caring right
Thank you for existing (from North of the border)
YT acc: forever camouflage   Just wanna put it out ther that I smashed the like button harder than I'd smash..food tbh #HelpMeHelpYououtnow
Dear Bernie,I lost my food stamps during the Obama Adm. Ask me if I really care.
On your watch under the Obama administration, you and your cronies let him steal ten times that much! His name now is Crock Obuma!
Anther lie
All lies u old fart. U r running my patience.
Mr. Sanders you just proved that not only their budget is unfair towards the ordinary, but also that they have no idea on what they prepare!
The handout to you voting block is over. We must help lift people out of depending on government handouts.  Work builds character and esteme
Do u think Trump, Rep House of Reps or Trump's base cares if kids r starving in USA? Hell no they cud care less @realDonaldTrump
So much for compassion
Your fucking dems-administration have put those people the last 5 years ON foodstamps !!!!
when are we going to start locking up these crooks?
Thank you for fighting for us pee-ons, the nobodies, the expendables in Trump land.
Truth: A billionaire's family needs NO more money. A family needing food/medicine cause their income just paid bills needs med & food money.
See what happens when you don't vote
It's up to CONGRESS and the SENATE to put an end to this ridiculous budget!
Perhaps Mr Sanders should engage in some quiet introspection re: his actions at end of primaries and helping trump win.
It's obscene.
The problem is the abuse of the Food Stamp program. People aren't just "entitled" to free handouts
And that is a WONDERDUL idea!
Perfect. Get people off their asses to go work. Too many sucking off from the system
Not humane to de-fund plans to help others, in the name of more money for war and the wealthy. What has happened to the human race?
We are not defunding aid to those who need it. There are eay too many leeches sucking off the system and it has to stop.
I don't think that is true, and neither do honest politicians.  How do we have so much money for war?  Does that make sense?
That's great Bernie,people around here are trading them for smokes and beer
And your point is???
not for those who just sit on their butts popping out kids, to lazy to do an honest days work
Also junk food should not be an allowed purchase on SNAP...
and yet this immoral president still has followers. I just do not understand what they are thinking
U Kno Bernie, I think GOP is waging a war against the poor by starving, homeless, no healthcare, pollution to commit genocide of disposables
There is never a willingness to make sure every kid achieves their potential but always a willingness to build more prisons #resist
We are into at least third generation of ppl who refuse to work...take away the candy and they will work
Good! Get a fuckin job
Hungry people become desperate people. They r playing a very dangerous game. I hope we can stop this. For all of our good we must #stopthis
What's the operating budget for the food stamps program? How much of the cut can come from bureaucracy?  Wasting taxpayers money is immoral.
@SenSanders
All I want to know Mr. Sanders is if you have actually read all of the budget?
Trump needs a trumping. How dare he attack elderly, handicated and poor. We need to put trump to rest, in peace. Amen
Trump lives in a world of fiction and doesn't understand needs of the people. Didn't he file bankruptcy 4 times. He knows how to beat system
Bernie, you're just trying to stir up class warfare.

If you want to help, donate your expensive car and 2 of your 3 houses to charity
The cost of the new NATO building was a piece of cheap talk from the president Trump!
StayInMICHIGANuObvFITinTALK IS CHEAP& IF ANYTHING IS CHEAP ITS YOU! NOT ANY TALKorACTIONSofOUR PRESIDENT.UknwYouCANalwaysLEAVE!TYPICALminion
There are somethings u do not cut and this is one of them! The rich need no more cuts in taxes!
Does he really have a heart???
He doesn't care. We must stop him at all costs.
Does he truly believe this is making America great again? Insane!
Amazing that majority of Trump voters will now suffer the most----think about that!
You just want dependency for government. If we had none you wont have a job. #fact
Good! About time.
This is just so ppl start thinking about becoming a productive member of the society. The don't care abt the vote bank like you guys.
ALSO, what is the purpose of Red Nose Day if not to help the impoverished children? Sen B Sanders, take a seat & reach across the aisle?
So totally discount the many states have lunch Programs & many kids are on these programs through entire school yr & summer breaks!
You really are a divisive. There is a place for you in history...
It's not about the budget.  It's health related.  Less food, less heart disease,  diabetes.  So, pessimistic.  Lol
This is a budget of a man who wants to go back to his previous life in 2020
If Im correct most Americans want jobs NOT FOOD STAMPS Bernie you HYPOCRITE  Get to work creating vs destroying
Bernie save us
You would have beaten @Realdonaldtrump without any doubt but the @TheDemocrats rigged the Elections and nothing will change them! SSS rule
I feel the Bern again!
As you know the GOP is for the rich. Period. Looks like this time they want to kill off as many poor, middle class, &   elderly as possible
IMMORAL IS THINKING ANYTHING IS FREE....FREE COLLEGE EDUCATION ON THE BACKS OF TAXPAYERS?!   NICE TRY LUNATIC
YOU ARE RUNNING IN 2020 or NOT ???
I can testify... YES, just cutting the ability to purchase...
soda + candy + "sugary junk" food w/ food stamps.
SAVE... $191 billion easy
Wait... that's an insane amount of money!!!! What ever happened to teaching a man to fish instead of giving him the fish?
He has no compassion for the poor, the environment, children and student or anything that improves people's lives
Why is it anyone else's responsibility to provide you with food?
I guess They'll have to get jobs something you don't seem to want anybody to do

There are plenty working class people who still get benefits because of the cost of living!
Keep up the good fight, sir. Country's in a mess. Need your strong voice. We see what's happening & pray Trump can be brought down. Thankyou
Good! Fuck em! #MAGA #Trump
Just cut sanctuary states federal funding and reallocate the funds, sounds good enough to me
You wanna talk about kids not eating and doing well in school, focus on why do school lunches cost so much? Almost $3.00 a day for junk
Lol you might as well marry @realDonaldTrump since you cant stop talking about him. #obsessed
Good!!  Kick illegals off the program first!!
The DNC is to blame for cheating US out of you, Sir.
Come on Bernie you know these are not "cuts" but reductions in the RATE OF INCREASE! If you got a raise of only 2.5% vs 5% you're fine.
Not a cut, slower growth, Bern need media truth check, win for taxpayers
Sounds good to me! Kids are way to fat now b/c they can buy anything & everything w food stamps. Should only be able to use 4 ness if....
Taxpayers are expected to pay for them
Love to see him end it altogether.  Just another expensive and worthless Democrat scheme to keep the poor beholden with no self-respect.
How about passing #TermLimits. Stop living off our dime you leach. Earn your own living. Until then, help people OFF stamps and assistance
What is immoral, is promising people things you could never deliver. Nothing is ever free, somebody must always pay the bill.
There is about 191 billion in waste from food stamps.
It will definitely affect millions of folks who voted for the buffoon 
Have you even seen it
The music track in this video sounds familiar to me.
Would there happen to be a name for it, or maybe an online source to hear it in full?
Time to get jobs if your able to work. All others help them.
We are being inundated with this uber conservative, white nationalist agenda. @TheDemocrats need their leaders to start doing something
#FakeNews
You ever think this should have been done years ago? 1/2 of the people on food stamps don't deserve to be there! Get a job Bernie!
Great!
That is great!!!
@Exp_Mark The food stamp program is rife with fraud and abuse.
.Gee Bernie do you now think that we could have used all that money that your God and idol gave to Iran and the Muslims
How about the able bodied people on food stamps go out and get a job. I see many of them at the local stores eating better then I do. I work
Well most people in food stamps could stand to be in a diet
It's about time someone did this. Get these people back to work. There are plenty of jobs
Food stamps as an accepted long term solution is  bad thing.
make the rich richer make the poor poorer! Make America enemy number 1 again.
Because hunger is a state of mind Trump cleared that with Carson.
I trust you to protect our interests.
$ can be used to build the wall, more people will be working & not need food stamps
what's the old saying  "let them eat cake "  if it's free  right barnie
He doesn't know what it's like to be hungry nor does he care
I think is the right thing to do. Tax payers money funding ppl that have IPhone 7 or Galaxys, and wearing $200 sneakers. NO WAY!!!
But we can build that stupid wall. Ridiculous.
This literally means starving children, seniors, struggling mothers, families. McDonalds, carwashes dont pay! Walmart profits off low wages!
At some point we need to let the gene pool drain. #TraitorTrump folks screwed themselves by refusing to educate themselves. They own it.
Not to mention, gutting the medicaid that my kids (one is autistic) relies on. Trump is rockheaded trash who is unfit for the job
Don't forget this will impact farmers since the market for food will be smaller.I recall that food stamps were invented to help farmers too.
Let's fund Welfare by cutting the golden parachute benefit packages to elected officials
He's cutting Welfare by putting Americans back to work
Get people off welfare & working that is compassion!
Sad, sad. But we need all people to vote and think about their values when they choose someone. If you believed in and voted for him, well..
Do u know how much fraud there is with this program ? Yes I get it people need food. No accountability in use
translation: Trump wants able bodied Americans to work and take care of themselves.
His supporters in the south & midwest will be thrilled.
So put a gun to my head and make me pay for someone else's food?  I grew up poor with no food stamps.  I survived.
his supporters care about our kids future and do not want them bankrupt
Taxes paid by illegal immigrants (if any) DOES NOT offset welfare and food stamps, housing, schooling or healthcare costs.
All trump care about is himself no one else
Democratic Socialism ....."Making America Venezuela Again.....! " Keep up the good work bernie!
Stop the welfare FRAUD. And stop your wife's bank fraud.
Please support the JUSTICE DEMOCRATS @BillNye @neiltyson @michiokaku @TheRock @tomhanks @MarkRuffalo
Don't we want people off of food stamps? Can you tell me how effective the program is at getting people OFF the program??
People use food stamps to buy pop and resell it. Reform needed
Trump & cohorts are vicious, racists, nouveau riche, white supremacist, dangerous monsters that must be stopped right now! They are immoral
Start taxing corporate America and leave the food stamps program alone!
Billionaires should pay higher taxes since they pocket American workers paychecks by outsourcing their job to Asia, $5 per day slavelaborer
I bet he has Karl Marx in frame in his office 
Then you feed them....rich man.
Socialism ...
Let them eat cake...
You should tweet statistics on the amount of junk food purchased AND the monetary results of fraud.  They're staggering.  #hillarysellout
I'd rather pay for health care and food stamps for those less fortunate than that stupid $20 billion wall!
Trump is despicable

If u Aholes managed the program, cuts wouldn't be required. Start doing your job.
I've never been in need of that assistance but I think is heartless to made those cuts. What a shame!
