#alcoholawareness Hey Bernie people are dying everyday from Alcohol related Cancers/diseases and more-Where's your voice on this?
Another politician avoiding Alcohol harm-Public needs to hold them accountable-Thanks Kim
This war on opioids is HURTING many people who actually NEED them!
All twenty of the people I knew ten years ago who "needed" prescription opioids are now dead.
And your point is?
Most of these people tried desperately to kick their opioid habits and failed.
Ok. And?
SO make new laws 4 'doctors' prescribing them.
Genuine patients w/chronic pain get a special card.
Pharmaceuticals OK with this? Surely u r
Is the opioid crisis killing so many because there is a dearth of clean needles, or is it because so many addicts are OVERDOSING???
Hey, "nurse"- why don't you try to get to the WHY people are shooting up?
#alcoholawareness No Bernie it's all drugs,not just opioids and led by the deadliest drug and killer and toxic carcinogen-Alcohol
#alcoholawareness Just another example of politicians hiding and avoiding Alcohol while being so concerned with opioids-Sober up Washington
#alcoholawareness Public pressure is key to get Government and politicians and media's attention and action- Thank you Kim
#alcoholawareness Absolutely they are the obstacles  for real positive change for public health and safety- Thank you Kim
You enable!
Yet you don't want to secure the border. LOL!! LOL!! #Theswamp
Isn't it amazing how this stuff gains attention when it affects suburban white people?
Billie Tyler is a pioneer.  She is a role model for health care providers!
Exactly why we need a WALL! KEEPING THE ILLEGALS AND ILLEGAL HEROIN OUT OF OUR COUNTRY IS ONE OF OUR BIGGEST PRIORITIES!
Love your focus on #opioid #addiction & #overdose but would encourage not using stigmatizing words like "abuse"
Giving needles enables the addiction. They can't think when theyre shooting up & often share the needles given them. More treatment centers!
@JohnKasich
Pacific Grove, Carmel police equip officers with opioid overdose antidote http://dlvr.it/PkDz7V  
phillipine pres only one who knows how to deal..death to all dealers and big medical-pharma.cannabis  promoters
More tax payer money to pay to help drug abusers avoid over-dosing, so they can take more drugs... how about making it Optional?
Well - if we build a wall -& stop the illegal drug cartels from invading our country to begin with - we can help put a stop 2 this problem.
not on the backs of middle class taxpayers. You and your cronies fund it.
Well, Senator - Fucking address it…
Your complicity to #DNCFraudLawsuit is "your" really big problem Mr. Sanders. Your voice is muted until you get the log out of your own eye.
#alcoholawareness All drugs Bernie led by the deadliest drug-Alcohol-It's not just opioids
The problem is right there in Washington DC and VA. It is called criminal intelligence community. Those trading in drugs and arms.
Wrong again
Who pays for all of this
To bad our president went back on his word
President Trump is seemingly doing everything he can to hurt these people, not help them
He's trying to secure that border you twit , do you know how many TONS of horrible drugs FLOOD America FROM MEXICO ??? TONS AND TONS
Maybe you should put your money where your mouth is.
How do clean needles reduce overdoses?
Obviouly this is not working, It enables continued drug use and does reduce the sexual epidemic! Liberal stupidity!
"@SenSanders: The opioid abuse epidemic in our country is a public health emergency that must be addressed." Master of the obvious. HOW??
Let the addicted kill themselves. They have lost their souls.
3X more die yearly from Alcohol. Cigs worse. But Govt Cartel makes big $$ so no prob. Opiod epidemic won't be a prob a soon as they tax it.
My instinct tells me there are unintended consequences here but I'm OK with it provided there are mental, physical and spiritual helps too.
.@SenSanders - in the senate for 30+ years. "Must be addressed" my ass
Addiction has been with humans since time began.  It requires a personal decision to end it NOT govt.
Govt role is to make and enforce laws to keep illicit drugs off the street and provide education about addiction that's all.
Bernie has really let himself go.
I think we just elected Trump to address it. The wall is a good start.
@SharylAttkisson Opioid 'epidemic' is fruit of years of 'anything goes' morality and willful or unwitting smuggling enforcement
Stop the US drug trade in Afghanistan. You know it starts there in the poppy fields Bernie.
...build a wall...!
Lying socialists are a bigger problem
Treating addiction is putting a band-aid on an amputation if socio-economic causes of despair, poverty & lack of opportunity Rn't addressed.
Opium production is increasing every year in Afghanistan. They grow 95% of world's supply. We should burn the crop, not protect it...
Break the addiction our politicians have to their big donors from the Pharmaceutical Industry. Only then will our laws protect us.
How do we change the law to stop our politicians from taking so much money from Big Pharma - that's a real problem to solve...
Who decides how long addictive drugs are prescribed to patients? Big Pharma has the Profit Motive, not our doctors...
Opium GROWN in Afghanistan, PROCESSED in Pakistan, PACKAGED by Big Pharma in the US and ADDICTED to our citizens. Slow it down...
Burn down the poppy fields in Afghanistan instead of sending more troops to protect the fall planting coming up...
Don't do the drugs and u wount need other drugs like narcan. To save ur life#don'tdodrugs
I have to disagree on a couple of points. Nicotine is a very powerful drug public opinion as all but cure the smoking epidemic.
Fentanyl seems to be reducing the numbers.
Stop the revolving door first.
eh most of these pple would probably be thrown in jail
Address it by sending in the F 15's with napalm, into the drug cartels paths, and fields. Getting rid of the product is the first step.
wow. Powerful message. #medicareforall #progressiveparty
Just wondering particularly after hurricane harveys devastation & how CITIZENS stepped up do u still think the US is not compassionate
U see opioids as an epidemic but not 1 peep about thousands of under 13 yr old children committing suicide per year u think thats ok?
Most ppl who overdose on opioids get them illegally by going overboard like u have now ppl like me who r in real pain can't get any ever
#alcoholawareness Alcohol/opioid abuse epidemic Bernie-No more hiding the demon drink and deadliest drug-Alcohol
All you leftists care about is self promotion. Actually earn some money so you can make a real difference in people's lives like @POTUS  did
Workers economy is so great since 2007 we are numbing ourselves to death w drugs/alcohol .  #EndOverdose #EndImportOfSlaveWageLaborProducts
What are you doing for Vermont one of the states on the top of the list! Its now 2017 it didnt just happen overnight!
US controlling opium fields in Afghanistan & the increase in opioids addiction in the US, coincidence? Who profits?
Stop allowing doctors to prescribe it. Find alternates and get rid of opioids. I can't take any of the stuff. I am the side effect guy
Yea,!so tell the doctor to stop doling them out like candy, and let's move on. Weakness, not disease.
Epidemic caused by government overreaction to RX pills resulting in only thing that could have happened, explosion of heroin use!
... that #Trump, #Sessions & their Drug Abuse Committee are able to come up with as solutions to the problem. It's time for a change!
But inspite of the fact that none of these things have ever worked except for on exceptionally rare occasions, this is the only thing ...
We've tried the shaming, we've tried the incarceration, we've tried the forced counseling & forced treatment.
...addiction & addicts, who have been successful in recovery, to develop ways of treating this problem that has a real chance of working.
Make drugs like Narcan® widely available for the treatment of overdose. And work with those  already involved in the treatment of ...
... dealing with the problem in a far more compassionate manner. Make treatment options more accessable & affordable.
Addiction is something that is genetically hardwired into well of 90% of the human population. We need to quit demonizing it & start ...
... involves the type of life long changes that recovery entails, it's a foolish to force addicts into detox before they are ready.
... situation worse. Nor does forced treatment help. Few people respond well when forced to do something, and when that something ...
The War on Drugs was a complete & utter failure. Incarceration does not help the person suffering from addiction. It actually makes the ...
Don't run in 2020
I would guess that you are on something, with your idiotic comments and ideas Bernie.
It is being addressed, thank God not by u but by someone who can do something about it.
If the opioids epidemic is a health problem, why make it a war on drugs?  Legalize drugs. All. Then deal with the opioids as with alcoholism
Why was prohibition repealed? US government killed it's own citizens with bathtub gin. Is this happening again? Legalize and regulate!
They lay around high, steal from their grandma's and now want our help?  #heroin  #SayNoToDrugs #getajob
Addiction is a brain disease and should be covered by insurance.
People use drugs because they get shitty healthcare, if they get it at all.
Song: Living addicted.'Maak 'r elke dag 't beste van' ENG Make the best of it; every day. -  De Gevoelige Snaar https://youtu.be/9ItcUQIEX1g 
Us real chronic pain patients who do NOT abuse our meds need to function and not suffer!
It usually starts in a doctor's office. I was given 100 oxy after a back surgery, only used 40! Pharmaceuticals prey upon addictive ppl.
Legalize weed, help people feel better, collect $billions in tax revenue, reduce dependency on opioids & extinguish need for meth & heroin.
Look at my friend Billie Tyler such an amazing human being.
#HarmReduction #SavesLives
Bernie, this is trumps udea, not yours
No one in congress or the senate is doing very much about it....no one except you and a few others are actually acknowledging it....
Personal responsibility
So, why are we letting the big pharma and the docs off the hook again, when they knowingly addicted each and every person??
Thanks To Obama and Progressives letting all the ILLEGALS INTO OUR GREAT COUNTRYTERM LIMITS 
I support you posting this, but cant we do something about that man in the WH!?? When do we impeach? Wheres the building of steam?
we have a problem with the doctors who get kickbacks fro prescriptions
Need to address our corrupt government that runs ratlines to bring the drugs in. Iran Contra 2.0
CLASS ACTION MAKERS OF OXICONTIN AND FENTYNAL! PROCEEDS GO TO REHAB! JAIL SOMEBODY BUT THE ADDICTED? THEY PAY NO COST! PHARMA CARTELS!
I wonder if illegal drugs through our boarder is part of the problem
It's a crime! Move all the weedhheads out of jail and lock up the opiate abusers who leave there needles everywhere and kill on the road.
MAKE IT WHERE YOU CAN SUIT THE DOCTORS! THEY SURE HELPED MESS YOU UP! OH YOU PATAINT PLAYS HIS PART! BUT THEY MADE IT POSSIBLE! PHARMA ALSO!
Very sympathetic but don't More die from gang violence in Chicago in a week than in Vermont in a month? Year?
No govt funding for addicts
Govt shouldn't have made "pain" a vital sign. Providers shouldn't be paid by satisfaction scores.
Go after the doctor and get the addicts treatment. Problem solved.
I wish it were that easy
Just get the GOP out the House and Senate, Bernie as president
Hey, Close the Borders to Mexico.
She's the real deal 
Medical marijuana is a non addictive pain killer. However in my state there are only 5 dispensaries and insurance does not cover it.
That's the issue isn't it? You are not talking cure, you are talking enabling
you empower people by giving them new needles? That's helping how? Tell them to grow up and deal with the world.
They made billions, make them pay for their crimes
Perdue Pharma!!
This has all been poorly explained- there are separate issues here being jammed in all together, but that will not ameliorate the problem.
People have lost the RESPONSABILITY word
worst epidemic is ANTIFA, Black lives matters, socialist subversives,(Bernie Sanders) Leftist democrats, IS A MUCH LARGER PUBLIC EMERGENCY.
15% or less of the problem is Rx diversion, but it's presented as THE cause & patients w severe chronic pain are being denied proper care.
You're taking your eye off single Payer. Hello!
However blocking needed medications is not an answer.  People get stuck, not everyone does. Help the people stuck and don't punish the rest
This is one thing I can agree with you. It ruined my ex wife's life and our marriage bcuz of the dependency it creates. It's legal heroin.
This is absolute horse 
Under bernie's gov healthcare drug abuse is ok.
We need to address pain and treat it with more compassion and commitment. Too many with serious pain go untreated. Legalize MJ nationwide.
We need to give help to the addicts and slam shut the supply of harmful drugs: by slamming shut the supply means slamming shut the pushers.
I guess it wasn't a concern when democrats were in charge.
Opioid and other chemical addictions should be a part of school education and should be taught early along with extremist groups.
This is detrimental to our youth and their future. We owe them this.
"There's enough shame and guilt in the drug community." Apparently, not enough.
Definitely, far too many of your supporters are addicts!
@realDonaldTrump promise to take care of opioid problem same as Mexico going to pay for border wall. What else can Ppl expect from con man.
Really! Well lets go source/doctors/hospitals/over prescribed/given out like candy?
I agree and the Senator Abuse in this country must be addressed as well it is an epidemic the corruption you folks commit
Partly/mostly just a symptom of the inequality caused by power consolidation in corp./finance enabled by corruption of both parties.
1 son and 1 sister are addicted to Vicodin.  My son goes in and out of recovery. I love him so much. My sister is in denial.
It's all choices SIR!
Deal with it! It wasn't a national epidemic,counseling offered,rehab given to people of color w/ their drug offences/Opioid use convictions
It's been an epidemic in the black community over a decade ago. It's in the wealthy areas now so let's stop it.
Yep the government  started this with the war on drugs. Keeps all you sheep round up and dying. #REALTALK
Why was there a boom in Opium production in Afghanistan after the US invasion? Taliban has it down 95% in 2000.
Perhaps we should give these people an option other than jails, institutions, and death? 
http://www.citizensopposingprohibition.org/resources/swiss-heroin-assisted-treatment-1994-2009-summary/ …
Bring addicts off the street supply drugs and counseling reduces violence and curtails street drug trafficking
Your party's love affair with big pharma is the cause. How's it feel Bern?
Obama had eight years to do it with you guys and guess what you blew it
It's been a huge issue in the black community since 70s
Liberals & Obozo made smoking dope cool like Billie made BJ's a quick date. Liberal ideas bring chaos & destruction needing govt help. #MAGA
Focusing on opioids is racist.
Perhaps weed is a less dangerous way for people to manage pain.
Maybe people should stop abusing opioids. Just a thought.
Stop the gov.ratlines.Stop the military guarded poppy fields.Bernie you know this stop playing people.
are so many ways to make big money in United States but most of these scumbag junkies today are happy being on welfare I just don't get it
The number one stepping stone drug that every drug addict did first was cigarettes cigarettes and alcohol
The thing that has kept me clean all these years from heroin addiction is growing marijuana it's also made me quite wealthy
End the "War on Drugs". Trillions of dollars have been wasted on this. Legalize all drugs.
We don't don't only have to pay for their drugs we have to pay for their survival in every aspect
My property tax and school tax has tripled since the Abomination so we can give all the junkies there free drugs methadone Suboxone
If up to criminal liberals they would have free heroin for all junkies paid for by the hard-working man who can't pay the taxes on his home
See these criminals don't care because they're all working for the machine
Maybe raise money like the Clinton foundation did for Haiti. Oh wait a sec...

@realMaeBeavers believes it can be cured with prayer. She also wants to run for Tennessee governor, must vote against her
Just to let you know, @MaeBeavers thinks Jesus will cure addition. I'm her alterego, here to share her views to those she's blocked. XO!
Jesus doesn't cure addiction, Mae Beavers is dangerous.
Agreed-- that's why I'm working to destroy her campaign for gov!!!
Not looking to debate will not debate just stating facts
@realDonaldTrump Let not fix the issue; let pander to it.
Trying to stop the drug epidemic is like trying to empty the Pacific Ocean out with a teaspoon it's not going to happen people want drugs
The only way they're going to stop the drug epidemic is to make all drugs legal but you must buy them from your local drugstore
But I worked on my life as a union Bridge painter. Not like these junkies scumbags of today making the taxpayers pay for their crimes
I was a junkie most of all my adult life I quit using 17 years ago when I just didn't want it anymore. All the rest is absolute b*******
@SenSanders we also must protect people who are in genuine distress & pain. Much more difficult 4 them now. Such a tenuous balance.
@SenSanders con't These people are in pain NOT addicts yet are treated as such. So sad
The only way of junkies going to stop doing heroin is when they don't want it no more. Programs huge waste of money
Our government is already spending billions given the junkies free methadone and Suboxone it's gotten to the point of absolute stupidness
It's affecting every generation that's alive right now.  More than likely one of the worst epidemics we've ever seen!
They already opened up free shooting galleries with doctors and nurses in New York state on the taxpayers dime
Yes let's make the taxpayers pay for the junkies heroin so they get good heroin
We will never fix the drug problem until we address the #pain, #chaos, #hopelessness and #poverty. #whenwillwelearn
Go away fool
Maybe we should stop guarding the poppy fields in Afghanistan?
http://www.globalresearch.ca/drug-war-american-troops-are-protecting-afghan-opium-u-s-occupation-leads-to-all-time-high-heroin-production/5358053 …
Should have been addressed during the Obama administration, and if you listen at all you know Trump is addressing the issue
Honestly Betnie, some addicts suffer so much that a way out seem a like half relief and half grief for those who love them. Very sad.

It got really bad the past 8 years who ran the country then ... democrats
We must ban oxycontin and shut down Purdue pharmaceuticals. That drug serves no purpose except to legally make addicts.
That's exactly what Trump said!
Create a problem, then provide the 'solution' at more cost. #Narcan Our Gov't DOES NOT CARE about you. All they want is your $$$$. #Remember
Don't believe that? B/c you've been asleep. Lulled by smooth talking Obama. Ask yourself, why make Fentanyl? 100x powerful than morphine!
This is ALL by design to make people dependent on Gov't, weaken the will to resist tyranny, reduce population, pharma to rob insurance comp.
No Insurance?  No help
BOYCOTT THE FOX NETWORK NEWS AND ALL
No duh!
Then it was exacerbated by weak ass border policies of the past decade. Anyone have a clue HOW much heroin come across that border!?
Yeah, the 'Big Problem' started when we went to Afghanistan to steal poppy plants for big pharma, instead of Saudi where hijackers were from
The media and politicians need to stop lumping in everything to "opioid". What they mean is heroin and fentanyl. Doctors are not responsible
Doctors prescribed pain medication for people that need it. It's when they started taking it away that people started finding alternatives.
Doctors wrote prescriptions. It's not the doctors fault if people abused. This crisis is not painkillers. The od's are heroin and fentanyl.
Now patients who need it cannot get it because of the hype. Elderly patients are suffering. Doctors are scared to help people now.
