While this incident is alarming, it is not surprising. Hate crimes and shows of hostility toward minorities have recently been surging.
Now more than ever we must stand together against those who threaten our brothers and sisters.
My president, I will forever be a bro.
If it was up to your president you would be without healthcare. Tax reform btw means tax breaks for the richest 1%.
You think Bernie is against healthcare and pro tax breaks for the rich? Weird.
No. Not Bernie. GOP
I'm still getting used to this @ # stuff and I don't always respond to the right person.
Blacks burn down a city: "Black Lives Matter"
Whites hold a peaceful torchlit march: "Hate groups march on #Charlottesville" 
#UniteTheRight
Black Lives Matter was created to protest 11 Racist Police Killings With No Justice Served. Why was the white nationalists movement created?
Blm was funded by Soros in order to create instability and controversy in order to further his own agenda.  there are still racists around
But not every cop that shoots a black person is. And most are justified to do so. There are many more white being killed by cops in any case
This is not about the good cops. Majority of cops are actually good cops but there are few who clearly abuse their power & get away with it.
Yes. Reminds me of Hillary and Obama, not to mention Bernie and the DNC in general.
Bernie abused his power? When he protected black rights in the 80's? When he advocated for gay rights, at a time where it was frowned upon?
When he went along with a rigged DNC primary!
Yes but on the plus side we now have faces with names to add to watch lists. Let them march so we can compile more data.
We agree now will u say the same to Antifa???
Why should he? Antifa are heroes. We all have a duty to fight fascist. They are among the few with the courage to do it.
They still have a right to rally peacefully without others fking with them... the reality is the counter protesters caused the violence
The White Supremacists showed up with automatic weapons, combat gear & tear gas. Don't think they wanted a "peaceful" rally.
The counter protesters have been planning to disrupt their event for weeks... it would be dumb not to be prepared
Did 5 million women who protested find it necessary to arm themselves to the teeth even though ppl planned to disrupt their event for weeks?
& now a car deliberately rammed into a group of counter protesters walking on the side walk. Serious injuries. Possible deaths. Mainly women
Sad, but if you go there starting shit... shit will happen
These were local people of #Charlottsville in their own city, mostly women. You think it's OK to try and murder them with a car?
Of course not, but counter protesters planned to agitate and shit like this was bound to happen
No word from Trump as Virginia governor declares a state of emergency & white supremacists march with torches, guns, and Nazi flags. #Golf
Maybe he'll tweet about it after he's done with the back 9.
he finaly tweeted about it america is saved!!
Because of people like you this is happening, hate breeds hate
But ANTIFA is a-ok, right?
Oh really? I'm against white supremacy but they aren't the only hate group in Charlotte today
You have MAGA in your profile so, no, you aren't against white supremacists
Hate is hate whether it comes from left or right. I'm for jobs creation and it's the left who refuses to be reasonable.
Yea did you see all those alt lefters marching with swastikas on flags.. oh wait
Haha senile ol bag
Bernie ur a joke. Using race to divide and conquer. Blm is a terrorist org. Funded by soros .
As was Antifa and BLM.
If you were only our president 

and black supremacy?
Protesting against 250+ years of oppression and systemic violence is not supremacy. All they asking for is equality. #BlackLivesMatter
True, but you have no problem with violence from BLM and Antifa against Trump supporters. And you sold out your own supporters, no integrity
BLM and antifa are not remotely comparable to the domestic terrorism commuted by white supremacists.
Wanna try that one again
I do. A white supremacist  drive a car into a crowd of counter protesters with the intent of killing and stopping the demonstration.
As apposed to people attacking other people with rocks and various weapons at other protests? Just because it's a car doesn't make it worse.
From both the left and the right. It's about time people see ANTIFA is a domestic terrorist organization. Even Pelosi had to disavow them!
#NancyPelosi - disavow antifa
#Charlottesville #boycottcharlottesville
These rioting White Supremacists are not from Charlottesville which is a liberal university town - they all drove/flew in for this.
@buck yes but I blame the City for cozying up and allowing these hate groups in! The KKK was there last month!!
1. With the freedoms guaranteed by the 1st amendment, unfortunately we have to tolerate the bad sometimes. It is extremely dangerous to
2. to deny/censure groups/opinions you don't agree with - that slippery slope leads to a Putin jailing critics & journalists.
It is incredibly painful to see Democratic Mayors rip their city apart for political agenda. FYI we don't get our news from fake sources.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJfjuORPTAI …
I feel so sorry for you mr @SenSanders @CornelWest you have fought this fight all your life. Take care- stay safe!
the antics of antifa also have no place in our society.
Yesss
Ahem Antifa Ahem. Your side has them too.
Kids with sticks are stupid I agree; but armed racist militias have no place in a peaceful assembly.
They had more than sticks. Intellectual honesty please.
Lol. Let’s be honest. It’s cause and effect. Why do you need to open carry at a peaceful rally? It’s a intimidation factor.
In other fucking news, water is wet
Totally agree. So what are Rahm and the Dems doing about this extreme hate and violence?
@feelingxcloudy Bern U Forget Your Worer/Supporter Attempt2 Kill Repubs Shoting Spree?Plot2 Kill More Repubs!NC=Planned
https://www.gofundme.com/ne96mx-leaving-america …
You mean CREATED STAGED demonstration...right??
But I guess it's ok to have BLM marches. That doesn't ensue hate?  What about black panthers? I guess that's not a display of racism either
You should do 5 minutes of research on the black panthers and what they are really about
Oh ok. What do they stand for today?  Maybe you should do some hate research
STILL having to fight for equal rights in a country that your ancestors built is lame at best & ppl like you dont even understand that much.
Whose fault is it when nazis kill and injure protesters? Black people?
Is it racist to say I'm not anti black I'm just pro white?
yes Bernie You and Obama are the ones responsible . you supported the terrorist BLM doing their riots and attacks on the police !
White supremacists killed three people in an act of domestic terrorism. Take a hard look at who your supporting.
Fake news 2 of those people died in a helicopter crash , let's not forget the blm racists that kidnapped a disabled man and tortured him
Hows that investigation into your wifes fraud going Bernie? The socialist who drives an audi R8. Champagne Charlie lol 
Trump's responsible. He encourages violent behavior then rationalizes via teleprompter. Deplorable person
And the danger is that it's emboldening covert racists to publicly share their hate. There is no excuse for this type of #racist behavior.
HOAX, just more brainwashing

The funny thing is, obumercare, is a nazi move in its self.
But the violence from Antifa is acceptable.
In a free Society the people will chase their  desires and that's how it should be. Liberty is for all ,the week and the strong ,For Gods Law will  reign and all will be judged from the Good Samaritan to the nimrods. So Choose Wisely.
You give Bernie Sanders supporters a bad name Ryan.
Will you also denounce BLM and their violence, racism and hatred Bernie?
BLM didn't kill three people. They are in no way comparable the the literal neo-nazis in unite the right.
All 3 of them. #BitchPlease
And  the opposition-both are out of line in using violence Bernie-get a grip
It was the white supremacists who killed three people in an act of domestic terrorism. The violence here was one sided with Nazis to blame.
Hate, word used by many to mean many things it's now borders on redicoulos. If you disagree with person of color your a hater,unbelievable
If you march with neonazis and try to justify the murder of three people in an act of domestic terrorism. You are a hater no exception.
It was the antifa movement to.  White Nationalists were bad enough  then those cowards came and it was hatred and violence from both.
White nationalists killed three people are tied to kill many more by driving a car through the counter protesters. One side is to blame.
I agree!  #BlackLivesMatter and #Antifa had no business interrupting a rally, when they held a permit.
Antifa and BLM didn't commit an act of domestic terror.
So why are your supporters so violent?
Sanders supporters didn't kill three people. Unite the Right open marched with neo-nazis. There is no comparison to be made.
Yes, a Sanders' supporter shot the Republicans senators and aides and are very violent: most should be tried for criminal violence
That man went to jail and will be tried for his crimes. The difference is we denounce violence. Unite the Right marches with neo-nazis.
Have you denounced Antifa ? Black Lives Matter?
What if I told you chatter is saying the driver of the car that mowed people down is anti-Trump?
He is Anti trump for real. He's a Bernie supporting!
Supporter
His facebook page was taken down immediately.
Yes that's why! I read the tweet late last night that the detective said he was a Bernie supporter
I feel the same about all the racist groups KKK, White Nationalist, Black Lives Matter...etc...
One of these things is not like the other.
Only to hypocrites.....
Maybe you should check the perpetrator of today's attack #resist #antifa stance. 

You were saying ... ?
The perpetrator's identity has been released by the Charlottesville police. It was a white supremacist. Thus lie has been debunked.
What's his name?
James A. Fields.
No. Do you want to try again?
"White nationalists" as well as all other groups, have a right to march peacefully. Your problem is w/ Antifa, who showed up and rioted.
Hey Bernie, #ANTIFA = anti-1st amendment deserves blame as well.  They hate America and they burn the flag.  Shameful.
Will you say the same of Antifa and BLM?
BLM and antifa didn't kill three people in an act of domestic terrorism.
They violently sdhut down free speech!
Protesting people is in no way morally equivalent to premeditated murder.
I agree 100%, just like ANTIFA and BLM all hate is evil.
Antifa and BLM didn't commit an act of domestic terrorism. They are not comparable to murderous neonazis.
So many videos prove you wrong it is not even funny
My dude white supremacists just killed three people by car.
and they should go to prison for the rest of their lives
Right, and given that it just happened giving it out full attention is justified.
SO you spoke out against antifa when they beat people, burned cars and buildings and looted stores?
None of those things is morally equivalent to premeditated murder. I don't tweet enough to cover every property damage case.
Indeed Senator and what about those that closed down speech on campuses?
USA never ending war machine run on hate since the civil war. Nothing but endless conflicts & wars. US gov, largest purveyor of hate.
https://goo.gl/dK9eXJ  #HOFLIV [Smiley méfiant car né de l'avant-dernière pluie]
Bernie your apart of the cause when u light a fire and spread hate and separation u can't point the finger like your innocent.
Hahahah you have enough trouble keeping that wife of yours out of jail. Best notbatart more lies now old man
Neither does antifa*
You had a white nationalist is your campaign who is now excited to speak as conpanelists with a convicted of fire-bombing a marae.
wtf?
Yeah we hope the ANTIFA thug that was arrested for running people over gets the electric chair....was he another BERNIE KILLER?
The police have identified the killer as James A. Fields. We know this isn't true.
@ShaunKing this is a domestic terrorist group bent on destroying our constitution through Civil War if necessary.
Nobody is denouncing the because they aren't the ones who killed three people in an act of domestic terrorism.
YES!As is the racist/hate filled groups BLM andAntifa! Label them all as hate groups/ terrorists!!Ultimate Supremests are the Sunni Mulsims.
Liberals CAN'T win in a UNITED USA. No one 2 buy fake promises. They MUST keep US divided. DNC 's EVIL alt-right AND alt-left
Well said.that trump thing doesn't either
No place at all Bernie #ImpeachTrumpNow  Where was the National Guard like black lives matter demonstrations Trump told them stand down 
So are BLM and ANTIFA Bernie. Co dem them also for destroying cities and assaulting people. Fair is fair
Just like your base bern
...no condemnation of Antifa though???
I am white by birth.

I put my country first.

But I have nothing in common with racists who claim some superiority. 

You are a puppet.
Are you freaking kidding me, America? This is why #SandersForPresident should have happened  Look what we got stuck with ⇩
Can't believe Trump did not condemn them. 
How come you aren't President?
Your society is based in racism, slavery and hate. I'm not surprise what is happening, the history can't be changed.
Hey im a michelle also cant stand trump he is a lump lol im 57 years young so #1
Which one was one of your guys?
So, Black Lives Matter and Antifa are peaceful demonstrations that display love and cooperation in our society? #Consistency 
They haven't killed three people by car, so they are a hell of a lot closer the these neo-nazis.
BLM follower Micah Johnson killed 5 police officers in Dallas on July 7 2016. Did Bernie Sanders condemn that person and BLM? Consistency
I agree, but when others try to stop them with violence, thus also must be stopped! There was blame on both sides. It only fans the flames!!
This from a man whose follower SHOT UP A REPUBLICAN BASEBALL GAME?
Stop ripping off school's crook.
Just like antifa is there just as bad  but you don't condemn them. Why
As a senator,is there any way you can get them on a terrorist watch?they used a vehicle just like ISiS uses?
Violent thugs, that's what all these things are. Peaceful protests don't make the news but throw in the thugs and it's all about sides. Sick
just like socialist policy
"Brace for Impact" Ask Who Benefits from Media fomenting anger & hate...for a #DividedUSA?? #UniteTheRight #Antifa #Charlottesville
Unite the Right had no issue marching with Nazis. Trying to disavow after the fact is meaning less when you welcomed them in the first place
Where is your stance on BLM I don't see anyone talking and saying that they are a disgrace to our country
We all have freedom. Of speech even we would rather they shut up. Protect our rights.
So were all the riots, murder of police, burning of businesses, etc across the country shortly after thr election.  Both disgraceful
The driver of the car that killed a woman and injured 19 was a member of ANIFTA and a BERNIE SANDERS SUPPORTER so shove that!!!
You don't have everybody fooled. Living high on the hog, big houses, stepping on your own so called values. Please just go away.
Hey #BankFraudBernie, the girl that was killed was there for you, and yet you have nothing to say on behalf of her?  
#vtpoli  #vtdems
pretty messed up that your madder at bernie then the nazis tbqh
#Stopthehate 
#Charlottesville 

STOP THE HATE AGAINST:
People of Color
LGBTQ
NonChristains
Those different than you
We must end this
Too bad you didn't feel that way when BLM was murdering police.
#ANTIFA POSING AS #WHITESUPREMACISTS

BROUGHT TO YOU BY @georgesoros

#Charolettesville
No. Try to keep up.
Your party started this Bernie. Racism is very bad I agree but your party's marches and violence started this mess
AMEN.
But BLM and ANTIFA demonstrations are cool??? Why the double standard?
Do something about it Bernie. Cuz trump won’t do shit
Yet Zionist Jewish Supremacism has a place in 'our' society, right, (((Sanders)))? Why the (((double standard)))?
Wasn't one of the constituents that shot a colleague of yours! Yet somehow you remained silent. You know full well Trump doesn't support kkk
You should have included antifascist and commie dems!
Senator Sanders, I think we need to start labeling hatemongers just like we do child molestars. Detain and charge terrorism.
And the same can be said for antifa and black lives matter. HAve you ever commented on them?
Yup...now what? It feels like the USofA has gone backwards quickly...sad but it embarassing to watch the USofA and the state it's in Bernie
Seriously Bernie their Alll Your Supporters.
it's a disgraceful reflection of human nature.
yes its ok foe black lives matter an the rest of the thugs to attack whites
Don't worry all of these wonderful people will go to church this morning and all will be forgiven . #Charlottesville #SadUSA
That coming from a Democrat? That's hilarious!
Then get their leader out of office
The #Antifa Nazi terrorists violence in #Charlottesville is a reprehensible display of racism and hatred that has no place in our society.
snowflake alert
You have no place is our society.
Do not try to erase their history. Leave statue alone.
Keep on stoking that divide Bernie! Drive that wedge! Split that nation! Buy those vacation homes! Defraud those bankers ... oops!
accept the fact that this is in parts what made America rich , you can´t talk these people away by stating "this is not america" - it is
Lol
You people support Islamist in the name of secularism but tarnish own people
Everything has a place in society, also the things that you don't want or like.
DEAR COMMUNIST JEW

YU SAID IT RIGHT THERE.....WHITE AND NATIONALIST.

YOU WELL KNOW AMERICA WAS FOUNDED BY EUROPEANS

AND=THE JEW=MIXED IT
You mean like the hatred you spew towards the right? Sellout

ANTIFA is the MOST HATEFUL & the MOST VIOLENT & the MOST ANTI-CONSTITUTIONAL Antagonist in Charlottesville and Elsewhere on American Streets
Totally agree. As does all BlackLivesMatter racist events that are continuously stoking racial tensions and violence.  Do you agree?
What say you about your fellow party affiliates that call for resistance and chaos? Your own followers have done this as well.
my president
What's reprehensible is tearing apart the south history just because blacks are pissed uncivilized focks

Yet you say nothing when your supporter shoots @SteveScalise 

Go away fraud.
how will they ever get issues resolved if they come up with screwBALLs ideas? we try to help diffuse tensions and resolve conflicts
Socialism is much worse, I really hope the young generation of Americans u are targeting can see thru your BS. I'm really serious. U r Devil
POC.
Guy was your supporter, probably bought in to the "#resist" campaign. Sounds like a revolutionists' Marxist campaign provoking anger
Fraudy Sanders
Yes you should be POTUS
Why denounce just one group of vile human beings? Why not Antifa too? Pandering much?
Impeach Trump now!!!
My skin is white, and I love and support my country. So, I would consider myself a white nationalist....
How about both sides Bernard?
Singling out one group in an equally ignorant protest is not showing accountability.
#UniteAmerica
Look no further than Hillary,Bill , Pelosi, Mad Max Waters, Reid,Schumer their incendiary hate, allowing BML 2 bully w/ their KKK tactics??
and neither does blm or antifa
White supremacists committed an act of domestic terrorism killing three people.
AMEN!
AGREED BERNIE!!!! Live Graciously! http://SendThanks.com  by Avery Elizabeth 
https://appsto.re/us/HDxU6.i 
What elicits the hate is opposing bigotry. The so called white supremacists did not counter the BLM movement on their protests.
We have to remember that #NotAllAltRight. Don't let hatred and fear win, because we can win this!
and neither does people who rip off and sell out people!!!
Sounds to me like it was a response to Obamas black nationalist rhetoric and attempting to erase history the #sjw don't want taught
Finally something I can get behind with you. Preach that Bernie!!
BLM matters but whites are enemies! Ignore service Civil War, WWI, WW2, Korea,Iraq
Yes it is.
I am frightened &appalled @ the events in the US.Not sure I'm comfortable being your neighbor 2 the north.Oh America what have you done
This is not Christian, Jewish or Islam behavior. This is VERY bad for america.
Now the FBI  have to figure out who send this massage to the protester and urge them to street weapon and bring gunpsweapen
Any one to uregu the democrat are not being this crisis  this from a muslim citizen 
OK police staying down order, web instigation,
how ever no place for for any hate group in our countrey  KKK radical islamic black lives democrat haeter and other violence group
Same goes for antifa.
... remember when blacks rioted all over the US and you said nothing critical of Obama? Why the sudden voice? Server troubles?
https://googleads.g.doubleclick.net/aclk?sa=l&ai=CTq943-OQWabED47VnATAhIDADauunKlL-5a9tt0FwI23ARABIPb1xBlgya6niqSkxBGgAc-Vst8DyAECqAMByAPJBKoEpQFP0CXjloUa_j5ontnf_Kopi-r4gBLAFjeuXi5W_UCFKpp4g6cYv-H9JYKB0vUd82SB9aPFon6Mut-jqqCe2aAGG0JTCIKfE5njaiYkTpWK6_sRUt_HmT4YutQDOMk7tEOv8F5M0UppW2BdIQin-_MfyMeEpCtL_g2QbJtvym8qv3tHPkLGyGMyFWLZ8Sm5LOUDPloJYhEaXP0zQRkpGx1xktdOFW3ABLPE4r2ZAYgFgc3pWaAGAtgGAoAHmerNIKgHr8obqAemvhvYBwGgCNT2pQSwCALSCAcIgAEQARgCsQmRfVwKO4xP6tgTDIIUERoPam96YWx5bnNpbmMuY29t&num=1&sig=AOD64_361PDVBCrw19eFiZv2_AMhoIPJrA&client=ca-pub-1699056687467389&adurl=https://spectrum.pch.com/Path/ACQRafflesToRiches17/Start.aspx%3Ftid%3Dc60c593a-6ab7-4a16-84b2-23f9465c37df%26utm_source%3DGoogle%26utm_medium%3DACQ_Content%26utm_campaign%3DNew_Search_Companion_GC%26utm_content%3DBanner_Mobile_ACQRafflesToRiches17%26mkwid%3Dcg6pDHTak%26pdv%3Dm%26pcrid%3D212838860838%26pmt%3D%26pkw%3Dcontest%2520sweepstake%26fs%3Dcontest%2520sweepstake%7C …
I despise anyone who thinks he is better than others because of his color or circumstance of his birth.
Did Bernie tweet about the dozens of Black Lives Matter killers? Nope. Why is that?
Of course he didn't because that's a large part of his lying, thieving base. Easily manipulated. Cheaply bought. Bernie's a bastard.
But it's OK for BLM to riot against whites? Go Bernie
Strong condemnation of violent riots of ANTIFA & BLM might have averted yesterday's tragedy. NO hate - not just politically convenient
Elites scream BOO! Run to that side of the fence! BOO! Run to the other! Elites/MSM spinning the racist narrative! #Charlottesville Sheeple!
Where was this statement when BLM was rioting and looting and killing police???
White national is used alot with racist but do you know why or has someone told you why
I don't agree with their views but you are denying their right to lawful assembly?
And antifa & blm & the fact that they caused it. Any words of wisdom there #BankFraudBernie ?
Here comes the removal of our free speech rights. While I don't agree with their words at all, they do have a place in a free society.
I didn't hear a word from you about your supporter that shot up a crowd of people because of their differing beliefs. 
Your supporter who tried to murder republican Congress members was white.
You're talking about BLM AND ANTIFA?
Does this stuff have a place in our society BERNIE?
The policy identified the killer as James A Fields. This claim has been debunked.
