you cannot make public policy with RADICAL LIBERAL SOCIALIST DEMOCRAT "alternative facts."
2 understand RADICAL LIBERAL SOCIALIST  actions/strategies,  read:
You use "alternative facts" any time you claim socialism works.
Sorry, it DOES work, in numerous countries, with better results than what we're facing nowadays. You didn't know that?
Check out Venezuela dude.
Tsk. Venezuela is suffering from _caudillismo_: http://www.mintpressnews.com/us-led-economic-war-not-socialism-tearing-venezuela-apart/218335/ … Try Sweden instead:

She's entitled to her conservative opinions, of course. But they're only opinions, I prefer facts and data.
Sweden & U.S. are different countries in terms of size, natural resources, diversity etc. Even if copied exactly, outcome wouldn't be same.
Yes, they are —but that's covered in the report. And people forget that we also have socialism in this country.
I sure hope you run for president again
Djt is the only one who can save your country.the rest of them will just give it all away with no future in sight.dont lusten to fake news.
Oh so that's why the US is so horrible. Donald Trump did not win the majority of the votes. And the administration is in such chaos.
You promise everything for free just to get votes, even though we're too broke to fix potholes! That's making policy on alternative facts!
Or if you actually paid attention to his plan, reallocate the taxes already paid to go to those services instead of the military budget.
When politicians say they'll cut spending in one area to offset increase in other area, it never happens. Deficit just goes up.
So, by your logic we shouldn't attempt or plan to fix the issues because politics?
Socialism is a plan for disaster
Saying Democratic Socialism is the same as Socialism is no different than claiming Mercantilism is the same as Free Market Capitalism. 1/
They are similar versions of an economy, like Methodist is like a version of Catholicism. They are not however the same exact thing. 2/
Capitalism is failing as the economic divide widens, and Free Market is only going to lead to monopolies and oligarchy. Venezuela for exampl
How you going to spend your millions bernie.poor bugger doing it tough.typical leftwing dogooder nutjob
Destroying the environment is terrorism of the worst kind.
It is forced suicide for black gold.
part 1) It's nothing like a group of little old wise individuals over the age of 50, some in their 60's, some in their 70's, & a couple in
part 2) their 80's talk about "POLITICS" in reference to the "PASS & THE PRESENT".  One of the ladies (61 yrs old) Jewish said this to the
.part 3) rest of us..."We have to make sure that TRUMP'S & his group of people like STEVEN BANNON "The Great Manipulator" (@nytimes) doesn't
part 4) make AMERICA return to it's negative pass where we as AMERICANS do continue to evolve to to be at our best."
part 5) @GodsWordIsFree @SandySnoble63 @JWaReesS @BFostersbox @SuperckookLarry @ERMA_____ @Ali2020hh @CParks777 @hrw
part 6) @Eemunchagote @frankandjannie @shannon_sandy @JWaReesS @ActDontReact @TeaPainUSA @RobertandRosie @jojokejohn
#7) Removing the politicians from the upper level as well as the other political parts of America's politics, is a must to protect the USA.
#8)Having that special politician working hard to achieve the goal, where America accomplish what's best for "ITSELF" as well as the "WORLD"
Bernie! Isn't your wife in legal trouble for giving "Alternative fax" to the IRS?
Sorry there Bernie. I've lost all respect for you.  You let the DNC and DWS get away with bull shit  You should have sued. You'd own the DNC
keep ny money out of their pussys. Defund planned parenthood!
how's the Fbi investigation going..... Sellout.  I'm so feeling  the burn
You have zero credibility. You push socialism while enjoying capitalism.
Whoa, whoa, whoa…! You think democratic socialist countries don't enjoy a free market, private enterprise, capitalism? Who told you that?
Glad to see Vermont's governor in the list of those joining the United States climate alliance!
Lol sure he is , hey Bern, how many of your houses run on renewable energy?
I'm not a "bro" and I'll comment if I please, hop off and go live your life "bro"
Didn't know it was a competition, Idgaf what you say or think!
And your wife can't run a university with alternative finances. How's that FBI investigation going, by the way?
hey Bernie, what's up with Venezuela? Gov run socialism isn't working out so well
And you can't make public policy based on hate, envy, and communism.
Look at the current mess in #Qatar :( nobody seems to be basing any decisions on facts at all. Qatar is a great US ally.
 I wish this was true, e.g. in child daycare politics "alternative facts" have been basis for decisions for many years!
That's why Trump believes every word he says. He could pass Any lie detector test. I bet they'd refer to the truth detector as a plus!!!
Exactly, the real fact that you hate Christians makes you unfit.
WRONG!
Jesus said, "No one comes to the Father but by me." That's the truth. All other religions are "alternative facts" that can't help you.
You mean like the way Columbus rejected the majority of the scientific community of 1492?
So admit, how much did Hillary pay you to 'back off' and why didn't you come clean with your supporters?
Then why do you keep trying to do it?
Seems to be working so far... 

Difficult to see the light at tunnel's end.
If you disagree try alternative fax at your job
Sanders is nothing less than any other communist.
I disagree. We respect science, we think we don't know enough of climate to decide what we should do, so we left the stupid Paris agreement.
Mr. Sanders, you live in an alternative reality and you push alternative "facts".
Tell that to your Boss Killary! You lost before you even ran! loser
Government policy has been, and continues to be based on alternative facts (lies) since the USA was stolen from Native Americans.
how is china & inda getting a free pass to keep polluting our air good for the environment?  do americans really know what is in the accord
Someone please educate me on where all our money goes to with the Paris agreement. What are they funding and why no one else pays in??
Looks like Trump has been able to pull his shenanigans off. All things must end "bad hombre"??
From the man who praised Venezuela. What an idiot. Any self-awareness???
We have been brain washed by globalists that the big government is better. We want independence from governments.
Thank you SO MUCH Senator for fighting for us!
The trump family can, because they live alternates lives. They are out of touch with Americans who live paycheck to paycheck.
How'd you get so rich, Bernie? Tell us those facts!
What makes you think we have to be part of an agreement that brings no benefit in order to make good environmental decisions? Really?
okey Bernie!
Bernie :. You're absolutely right; so when are you going to get real?
Thank you so much Bernie Sanders
you tell them !

When you got a moron runnin things anything can happen. He has millions of morons following him and they are just as bad..
Something for you to remember in the future.
thank you!
#bernieSanders made a million in 2016. Also his LAKE home is UNDER a Trust so he can SAVE on taxes #welcome2theMillionaClubBernieSanders
Which is why you aren't president,
And thank god for that comrade.
It's alternative facts what your wife to the IRS and why she is going to Federal prison?
"alternative facts" are the backbone of our far right wing lying media and the GOP
Alternative facts lead to Political Amnesia.
Practic what you preach TERM LIMITS FLAT TAXES
You made over $1 million last year and own 3 houses. So, is capitalism an "alternative fact" to your publicly stated socialist views? #Truth
@PamMaccabee unfortunately the Dems do the same.
The Paris accord was just another of Obama's ignorant moves which would do nothing to help climate change.
You are truly a joke !
Get him@Bernie
Yet DT is & Republicans do 0. He's the audacity to criticize our London Mayor yet sadly 241 Americans died from gun crime since Saturday!
Ask God doing for have thinking people think about then tell
Nor with lies or propaganda or w/ shady practices! #impeachtrump
Show us what we CAN DO, Bernie. Be the change you want to see
Well stop it then senator hypocrite
Obama did and you never seemed to mind
True Senator Sanders, but they do run socialist governments with them.
Hoping people will read about the History of Country and how we got here. Learn about Normandy
I used to listen to Presidents and believed what I was hearing. Now, nothing is true. Waste time always fact checking.
@POTUS  @realDonaldTrump  liar
Herr trumpLER, der Furhrer can, does!!
DT hell bent on reversing Obama policies just cuz he CAN.  How mean spirited is that?Giving compounds back to Russia? Putin wins not U.S.
Thank You Bernie for speaking exactly my thoughts!!! We are grateful for your courage to speak the "TRUTH".  
Love You
So I am glad you reject the notion that truth is relative and now accept absolute truth
Also glad to see that you reject interpreting the constitution as a living document
But they're trying their darndest...
I am willing to take the journey with Bernie ,I like the guy he is more in touch with the men and women of America I feel in my heart.
You do it everyday
Did you just say you can't make policy based on "alternative facts?" Do you know not know who you are or are you devoid of self awareness?
yet here you are still spewing your alternative facts
FACT: @SenSanders made over a million dollars last year and still claims to be for the working man.
YOU cannot run a government when you come 3rd in a presidential race. Stop pretending to! #WannaBePOTUS
How about a communist gov't?
Pidge
So right ,so sad for America the republicans and Dump have made us a worldwide embarrassment
Coming from a 1% millionaire!
At least, not a healthy government...
Bernie - you need to retire to the woods with Hillary.
You made more than $1 million last year. So much for you bashing capitalism when you profit from it. Pathetic,socialism never works. Wise up
Is Sanders sharing the wealth he made with his book with the unfortunates.  This guy is smart he paid only 13.5 on income tax. Getting rich
You make all these accusations with fake news!!! Or is it just you people can do it!
Bernie it's time to take your Metamucil
Congratulations on becoming part of the 1 percent.  Of course you are going to share this, right?
SENATOR SANDERS and Elizabeth WARREN need to keep up you hard work. We need to beat President Trump from doing all the wrong he is doing.
You are a JOKE.
Why NOT! Obama did it for 8 years
Lol. "Alternative facts" is a great way to say the Paris accords were based on "facts". You're actually just lying.
The nursing home called. It's time for your meds.
Bernie Sanders prossimo presidente USA dopo la rovimosa (imminente) cacciata di Trum e la sparizione dei Repubblicani (infami).
Why not you and the rest of your socialist/communists buddies have been doing that for decades...#givebackyourmillion
Dear senator I wish to see presidential debate between  enlightened President Trump & benevolent senator B.Sanders in 2020!Good!
Canada is awaiting you Bern #Socialist
Government career never did anything else @realDonaldTrump making America great right now
You mean an alternate fact like "socialism works".
Agreed but you gave it your best shot
TRUMP IS FURTHER AHEAD ON CLIMATE CHANGE THAN YOU ARE BERNIE.????
One great Grandfather of our country. Thanks Bernie.
And more money siphoned out to his rich cronies.
yes i do understand that i don't understand how could you elect the orange peel and how could he not do this https://www.brainyquote.com/photos_tr/en/a/abrahamlincoln/101395/abrahamlincoln1.jpg … ???
And so says the master of alternative facts?
But you can run a goverment with free handouts. Member when you became a sellout a fucked over your base by supporting Hillary? I member.
I member 
Steve Bannon has a friend from Kentucky. The south has risen. Trey Gowdy has a friend in Jesus.
What alternative facts? The fact that globalism is failing? The fact socialist nations go bankrupt because, #FreeMoney isn't free? #NutJob
Then damn glad you didn't get the nomination, Mr. king of an alternative reality. Communists suck.
That's why you are not in charge... You live in an alter reality...
Here's some alternate facts
This we know Bernie, the question is who gets to determine what "facts" are really facts?
Can we please stop using terms like alternative facts?!? Why are Dems so AFRAID to use the words LIE? And LIAR? Dems need to GET REAL!!
@SenSanders & @kathygriffin should take a long walk together... A long long long walk. Oh and invite @SenWarren  #Electionshaveconsiquinses
You cannot have a POTUS  tweeting uncontrollably!
Like that socialism works for anyone other than the people running the system?
Please. No more with the "alternative facts" attack and just refer to it as lies. Continuing to refer to it is free marketing.
Thank you @SenSanders for articulating what so many of us would like to tell the world.
The entire liberal agenda is based upon "alternative fact".
its shocking how & y Americans follow a racist , bully , liar , fraud and red neck Trump as President so sad
He never said he didn't want anything to do with it, he wants America to be treated fair and is willing to re negotiate a new fair deal!
Bernie...YOU are NOT giving FACTS. YOU ARE PERPETUATING THE LIES FROM THE SHADOW GOV MEDIA. YOU & OBAMA admin r destroying AMERICA.  EVIL
They are working AGAINST THE TRUMP ADMIN. TREASON!!!!!!! Trying to keep the HORRIFIC SECRETS HIDDEN. HOW DID SETH ever LOVE YOU? Betrayer. 
Go Get 'em, Bernie!
There's no such thing as alternative facts. It's only euphemism for lies, manipulation and ignorance.
#ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
You should be deported to Australia at least or hung for treason at best.
You're a Marxist Bernie.  The installation of the policies you promote is DIRECTLY responsible for the genocide of close to 300,000,000.
Say it again, brother!
Tax payers money to , , &  while our own water is polluted. In order to safe the ;we need stop Gov waste : stop corruption.
Here, here!
Comb it ir shave it Bernie! You look like you just finished wackin it
Bernie! Alternative facts like, unnamed sources say the Russian hacked our elections?
Like fishes in Miami Beach streets? A Future to Believe In... No Sir Corruption is no future to believe in.
Public policy should be the smallest part of our federal government it should be done at the state level. Less hands in the pot 2 screw itup
Clean up your party Bernie. Stop the charade
You should be our president Bernie
then why are you still talking?
Absolutely
NO BERNIE YOU THINK EVERYONE SHOULD LISTEN ȚO YOUR COMMUNIST DRIBBLE
Right! In Other Words>Lies!
You lost to Hillary Clinton.  You lost to Hillary Clinton.  You lost to Hillary Clinton.
Smh
this is a dangerous thing that trump believes in.
You've been doing it for years Bernie!
you cannot reason with a nut job
Like your alternative facts on economics, philosophy, and biology?
