Yes, but their population is 5.24 million vs our 323 million; they're a homogeneous society; & their tax rate is 45% of GDP, ours 10-39%.
Canada’s tax rates are very close to that and we have Universal HC. Population 33 mil. My premium which is pd by my employer is $94 p/mnth.
Not disputing that. But Canada is also a part of British rule. The US is a different culture. Note I’m not saying BETTER, just completely different. We pride ourselves on NOT cooperating.
Respectfully, Canada is not ruled by the Brits. It is an independent sovereign country just like the US. And if cooperating means pooling my money with everyone else in the country to keep my premium low AND save a child's life, or mine, or theirs....I'm in!
I realize it is sovereign, but it is culturally different than the US in every possible way though. You’re trying to compare oranges to tennis balls. Both great for what they are, but not similar at all.
Why does Norway have so many issues with high taxes? If you don't like it here move. You seem to compare us to everyone else, yet fail to realize they are tying to come to the U.S, not the other way around.
Really? We have a lot of Norwegians coming here to escape Norway? Where can I find the stat's on that?
Norway comes second to Ireland in sending emigrants to America. Stats not feelings.
We have issues with high taxes?? Please, enlighten me.
Hold on a sec. I'm dealing with 2 other morons. I'll get to you shortly.
Are you gonna explain why thousands of Americans die yearly because they can't afford insurance or not?
Are you going to understand that NO ONE is denied medical care here. It's illegal to refuse it. So you don't need and explanation, you need a reality check.
And Norwegians, Danes, Swedes, and many more, have a longer lifespan than we Americans. Less stress!
I guess we are less stressed partly because we don't have to worry about being able to afford healthcare.
Because the working people pay up the yang yang in taxes!!!
UK universal NHS costs half what the US system costs. Your tax will go up, but your health ins will disappear.Ins Co take 30% of all you paypic.twitter.com/CnIsWg52aj
So, explain how this happens? Why can't our costs be less? Are there no poor people there? Are there very few sick ppl there? Solution?
2. Your doctors tend to get every justifiable test done, as they get paid for each one.
If I had something wrong with me, yes... I would like for them to thoroughly do the test.
They do unnecessary tests to boost their pay, that's the point. It's the free market way.
Most of the time, those "unnecessary" tests are what helps them diagnose a patient properly. Are you a doctor or a socialist acrobat?
Unnecessary test's are, well, unnecessary. That is to say they do not assist with a diagnosis. I'm a socialist and was told this by a doctor
Because they pay 70% income taxes. Not gonna happen Bern
Wrong!
Right
Wrong.
Right
Nope!
Yes. Have you tried using Google?
Lol. I don't have to. You do however
Why not look to CND? You'll find a universal healthcare system more generalizable to the USA. Norway is a social democratic welfare state.
What is their Tax rate Bernie? A LOT more. Plus they are healthier than the average American in a junk food world.
Income tax rate average in Norway is 31-34%. If you add health insurance to the income tax in the US, how high would it be?
IT is because most Norwegians appreciate that taxes neededto CARE for all
Norwegians are very caring people. They overwhelmingly want to help those less privileged. It's not quantum physics. Meanwhile the USA has right wing evangelists promoting veiled greed.
Bunch of Baloney, How many people or percentage of people R on WELFARE in Norway? How many out of work? BIG DIFFERENCE BETWEEN HERE & THEREpic.twitter.com/I137QdznJH
Nordic countries have some of the highest employment rates in the OECD. Norway's at 74%, while the US is at ~70%.https://data.oecd.org/emp/employment-rate.htm …
All other western countries have single payer, compare with any one you'd like.
I get your point. But they also have close to limitless money. Oil per capita is insane.
Negate actual Norwegians on their country's economy. They have actual education there. A conspiracy thread on reddit doesn't make you right.
Haha just look at the numbers.
Yes, let's. Gee, if only we had ANY portion of our budget where we could trim the fat...pic.twitter.com/Vrba4RY8nl
That pie chart is really bad. Graphic artist for hire - tweet me.
This is only possible due to strong norms of egalitarianism that don't exist in America. God forbid America work to help all its citizens!
This is the root cause to healthcare reform opposition- fear of POC disproportionately benefiting from it, aka RACISM. It's a proven fact.
well, here in the US no one is turned away for healthcare, that would be against the law.
That's complete bullshit. People are turned away every single day, or are helped and then sent to bankruptcy court six months later.
You are mistaken and people cannot be turned away. All they have to do is fill out the paperwork and it is covered thru grants and donations. So you have no idea what you are talking about
If that was true, why on earth would anyone buy health insurance at all?
I don't know why would you
So. It's not true. Or you just have the most insanely secret single payer healthcare system in the world.
For uninsured yes we do. That is why we spend 135 billion dollars a year on illegals, and more on legals.
Illegals are net positive for the US economy.https://mobile.nytimes.com/2013/02/17/magazine/do-illegal-immigrants-actually-hurt-the-us-economy.html …
Haha! Take that America
Norway is one State! We are 50 States! The EU doesn't have singular healthcare then why should the US?
Norway is a sovereign state unlike the American states and EU.
We are a federalist republic country, each one of our States retains it own sovereignty, unless they can force us into nationalized systems.pic.twitter.com/x4WfneWiqd
Why does then Federal laws overpower state laws of states are sovereign
They don't which is why we have legal cannabis laws. The Feds can't interfere with the laws of the State as long as it doesn't infringe on…
Nigga read the supremacy clause. And the cannabis laws are because the federal gov have chosen not to react
Because it's an uphill battle against our constitution. It was unconstitutional to make it illegal in the first place.
https://expathealth.org/healthcare-news/global-patient-wait-time-statistics/ …
Guess what? Even with longer wait times Canada has better health outcomes than the US for less $.
Canada still puts the Queen on their money despite having their 'independence' since 1867? Your wait time kills more than it saves. Too slowpic.twitter.com/EROPekdBBB
If wait times kill people, why are Canada's health outcomes better than in the US? US spends $4000 more per capita.https://www.forbes.com/sites/danmunro/2014/06/16/u-s-healthcare-ranked-dead-last-compared-to-10-other-countries/#37740cc4576f …
Also of course nationalized healthcare doesn't work which is why we are trying to give it back to the States using federalism.pic.twitter.com/DOzvZV2Xhf
That is how the system works in Canada. The Federal CDN Health Care act sets standards which must be met for federal $ to go to provinces.
Our system is supposed to work that our Governor represent the State's interest in State. The Senator the State's interest between ourselves
and the President our international. That is called federalism. Healthcare is practical at a local level and States shouldn't debate between
Pity this discussion wasn't the focus of the campaign rather than emails.
And the government makes it easy to look into how the tax money is spent, in detail. #transparencyhttps://twitter.com/godstyring/status/917670352720932864 …
Er du nysgjerrig på hva staten bruker penger på? Du er kun et par tastetrykk unna å vite svaret: http://statsregnskapet.no/  pic.twitter.com/aypLJcQoyU
We NEED this. Please persevere.
We need to learn and adapt our system, no insurance company should be allowed to dictate your access to health care...ever
less fat people
NORWAY what is the population???
come on how to compare US vs NORWAY!!
Awesome
Good evidence in the video, however, healthcare is not a right, you pay taxes for it, you don't pay taxes on freedom... which is a right.
We are not going to follow Norway Mr. Sanders. We are the USA we do not follow anyone. They follow us.
So... you wouldn't want free health care? I hope you can afford to get sick You must be one of the lucky ones then.
Ok so when the Fire dept that operate Ems here all they want to get the patient to sign the bill and they leave
Isn't a pity, we have to invest in security for our secretary of education and not health
They also don't feel the need to spend nearly as much on military.
Socialists
Oil money from the North Sea? Just guessing here. http://www.marketoracle.co.uk/images/2014/Mar/soveriegn-wealth-funds-4.gif …
Why don't you tell everyone what they pay in taxes???
If Norway decides to commit suicide tomorrow does that mean the US should too? get real Bernie.
Norway is the country in the world least likely of committing suicide. We’re the happiest country on earth.https://www.usnews.com/news/best-countries/articles/2017-03-20/norway-ranked-worlds-happiest-country-of-2017 …
Snakker jeg til deg? Er du navnet Bernie Sanders?
Skriver du på et åpent sosialt medium der man ikke engang trenger å være registrert for å lese det du skriver? Jøss. Ja, det gjør du.
Jeg regisserte min kommentar på Bernie Sanders ikke deg. Ser du ikke "@?"
Forventer du å ikke bli hørt av andre enn den du roper til på en fest også?
Hør, hvorfor er du så dum? Ingen spurte deg noe så fett av.
Det er dét som er så fint med Twitter, at man ikke trenger å bli spurt for å si noe. Man kan mene og ytre i det fri uten godkjenning.
Bernie even you said it would bankrupt the country
500.000 people working in insurance would be without a job, but that’s as bad as it gets. Do the transition slowly and it’ll be fine.
Because they pay high taxes and tax more items. You should move there Bernie. Share your wealth
We also pay a lot less for everything else in society, such as to the local community, child care, insurance, etc. In total, we pay less.
You should watch this @realDonaldTrump Works in Canada too ....
I could never understand why we don't model ours Ike theirs. What is the problem?

Let's copy Norway by extending Medicare to all Americans!
I'm Norway people are limited 2 everything because heavy taxation. Only one car per family, one set of mixed dishes and one winter jacket
This is so Bushleague!
Homogenous population?
Bs!!
What part? Honest question
It's not free! We pay 80-90% tax in this contery,. And we are ONLY 4.5 million pepole.
Norway also has government owned oil to pay for everything, we have a capitalist system so the government can’t provide everything
bcbs and other insurers have been profiting for years; are they really going to change up?
They also have the highest taxes. Nothing is FREE. Democrats will never learn. Someone pays the tab.
On the other side Singapore's tax rate of GDP is 14.2%. Health care is universal but not free w/enforced contributions & co-pays. +ranking
as a socialist country w/huge north sea oil trust fund, this homogeneous society is able 2 fund a lot. they tax at 42% of GDP
Sir, do u know the populations and immegration laws?
WHY DON'T YOU JUST MOVE ON OVER TO THERE. WE WILL NOT MISS YOUR OLD TIRED COMMUNIST BUTT
greed is the root of the health care problem.
Dear Bernie: since your advisors are useless, I thought this link would be helpful 2prevent future embarrassments http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/Norway/United-States/Health …
They also have only 5 million ppl compared to 325 million.
Here's a great 1 hour free documentary you & your supporters will want to watch. https://fixithealthcare.com/big-pharma-movie/ … Please share it widely!
Senator?? Not a word about this?https://twitter.com/RepJoeKennedy/status/914491591750045701 …
Programs GOP Congress let expire last night -healthcare for low-income kids -Community health centers -Loans for low-income college students
This doesn't work Bernie and you know it!
If we are supposed to be the leading country in the world, then WHY are we 11th in regards to health care? That's simply outrageous! Wrong!
let us see the explanations of the doctors
If you want cross party support try changing the REPUBLICANS instead of trying to railroad the DEMS who already want healthcare for all.
That's a good idea maybe you should move to Norway
Qatar has a better healthcare system.... Yes those Middle East evil muslims America despises so much even do better healthcare
Because they have the population of a large US city?
Definitely not a Norwegian. Must be another immigrant that is getting handouts.
Also in Finland.
difference being, one is a socialist country the other a greedy self indulgent capitalist nation
Don't forget in Iceland and Finland also. The Nordic countries have a very long history of publicly funded health care. Taxes are reasonable
@SenSanders compares Norway to America....a country of 5 million compared to a country of 325 million. Are you really that ignorant?
We could cut our wasteful military spending and easily have a system just as good if not better than Norway. Trillions have been lost
Don't forget "at a lower cost as a percentage of GDP."
Socialism invariably fails everywhere, every time. If you love Norway, go there and stay. I want Capitalism & Freedom!
Australian,had cancer, surgeries, chemo, radiation, medication and all appointments paid for by 2% after tax Medicare levy. Great stuff.
On equity of access maybe? But on true innovation and leadership in medicine no place better than USA. #youlie
Norway sucks and is tiny in comparison. Get a clue, Fidel. Costly, cumbersome and shit quality. Know it and cram it.
It must be the lutefisk!!!
Perhaps because we're paying their defense bill?
And there are fewer Norwegians than Philadelphians?
By the way, this is a false equivelance fallacy.
Uhmm, while we spend 700 billion a year for their defense, they have far less to spend on their own. The rest of the world is muching!
America needs a health system that takes care of the individual & their families. A system that helps them when they need it. #healtcare #US
Excellent video!
We have a health system that works& does not lead 2financial ruin after a visit.I tested the American hospital in 2016. 3hrs $3000USD #wow
See that's the problem right there... Norway ranks health care as high as education. In the U.S., education just isn't ranked very high.
As for Mexico I’m lucky to have a surgeon father who works in a private hospital, but ultimately good healthcare is expensive & a business.
When I lived & worked in the US I had something called HMO with Disney as employer, only visited the Dr once, good experience too.
Gladly pay taxes after paying less than 50US that got me to the best neurosurgeons, blood work, ACD surgery, stay at hospital. I’m Pain free
I gladly pay taxes after 3 IVF-ICSI for around Total 1700 US (years 2003& 2004), free preg. follow up, free C section & 12 mo. Paid leave
Sadly, the reasons a particular group of Americans is Pro Parasitic HC & against a proven life saving systems in use across the West, has NOTHING to do with HC.
Bernie here is a hint, size and population
I don’t know Bernie it’s your Obamacare live with it imploding in on itself.
-32 million fewer people live in Norway than California - Bern, this is a ridiculous comparison-
I'm with you on this Sen. Sanders!
Is Norway as good at healthcare as Cuba? So glad of all the medical advances from Norway.
Bc BOBAMACare is a failure.
Do it
Maybe we should send over the non working ones to join your healthcare
You go Bernie!
Para os brasileiros. Assistam e vejam algumas diferenças do serviço de saúde na Noruega e nos USA. Coxas, por que vcs não vão para os USA?
Zero tweets about Puerto Rico? You have a lot in common with Trump!
Norway only has 5 million people! If we only want to insure Chicago great. Be honest!
The logic behind these claims are always flawed in order to get more power into politicians like Bernie’s hands...http://www.steemit.com/news/@libertylol/debunked-teachers-in-finland-are-paid-as-much-as-physicians-thus-better-schooling-1506425089-5376055 …
I hope America will get the same . Then you never have to worrie if you get ill
It seems very logical to us in Scandinavia. Taking care of the basic needs for everyone.
Also, isn't Norway the happiest country in the world? I would be happy to pay their tax rate. Cheaper than health insurance here!
Did you know Norway is one of the most heavily taxed in the world. 45% GDP, personal rates 55%. Socialist give us all your $ we will fix it
Norway is about the population of Minnesota, not exactly a real comparison. Socialism is a failed system Bernie; see Cuba & North Korea
"They can do it because they don't have as many people living there!" -Ignorant Single-Payer Critic
The billionaires would never let that happen here.
Oh yes, always hearing about that sweet sweet Norwegian hc
Hey Bernie, did they explain that they pay 50% tax to afford it. Snake oil salesman.
Patriotism.https://twitter.com/RihTweetMe/status/869595933377540100 …
Why aren't Germans patriotic? pic.twitter.com/u0vZtIcd5L
Due to higher tax rates.Having problems with non tax payers coming into the country and not contributing to the pot. Yet expect benefits
Because a system that has 5.2 million people is easier to administrate than one with 325 million would be? The comparison is specious.
America was founded on the principles of freedom from govt intervention. Commies like you hate that fact.
pic.twitter.com/tfGoQXP8N4
because norway has money, and u.s. only has deficit!8！！
Sounds like they got it right! Let's all move to Norway!
Comparing Norway to the US is unrealistic
Looking forward for the day when health care and free education is available to all.
Hey Bernie & pals!https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/09/29/world/americas/brazil-cuban-doctors-revolt.html?emc=edit_th_20170929&nl=todaysheadlines&nlid=56918792&utm_content=bufferbb093&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer&referer=https://t.co/UfiCIQSTjA?amp=1 …
Do they have 330 million people?
There is much to gain from peace of mind and elimination of non commercially useful functions of private insurers and marketers.
I talked to a Norwegian woman sitting with me on a plane. Divorced, she was able to go back to school , i was able to hold 3 jobs at once.
I have had surgeries and 18 months of immunotherapy here in Norway, and have paid an absolute pittance for it. After you've paid a certain
amount in a calendar year, you get a "Free Card", which means all consultations and (most) treatments are free for the rest of the year.
I can't imagine living in America with my chronic illness (NF2). I would have barely been able to afford MRIs, never mind treatment.
Listen world #BeLikeNorway
Norway's large oil fund can fund this & other initiatives easily. Small country. What works there doesn't work here
Then why can Sweden afford it, (no oil) or Germany (big country)? Hard to imagine why it should be impossible for USA.
Most countries can afford it. Including US. But are we willing pay much higher Taxes for it? And how higher taxes impact everything else?
If insurance companies and hospitals are going to make a profit, how can it be cheaper than public health care?
The population of Norway's 5 to 6 million people it's a oil rich, don't you hate fossil fuels income taxes are 40 - 50%and there's a 25% VAT
There are more bureaucrats in Washington DC then there are people in Norway do you see a problem with that? I do
Could it have anything to do with a population of 330 mil. To 5mil for Norway! Time to check back into the home,Bernie!
Health care is the right of all people - great quote
And the majority of the population are atheists
A single payer system! Wow! Two of my Children were born in Sweden It was free! Here in America $20.000 to $30.000 pre & post delivery
This is a valid comparison for Germany as well.
At first I was slightly doubtful, but then I heard that guitar music.
US health care is too expensive for most
Portugal that is not a rich country has the national health system, free, os a good example.
Because Norway is like a giant club med. They like all their services coming from once source. Go live there...!
Bernie îm franchement it's not possible TL continues witz Trump Please Can you take his place
Bernie - Always a smokescreen to hide your SOCIALIST / COMMUNIST AGENDA: NO ONE & WE MEAN NO ONE WANTS TO PAY NORWAY TAXES IN THE USA. FO!pic.twitter.com/yJ5H4SBxfP
2 very different countries. Norway has only 5 million people, very high taxes, a huge state oil fund to help pay and an interfering state.
Be careful what you wish for. This requires income tax over 50% and sales tax of 25%, so swings and roundabouts.....
So interesting to see Americans' perceptions of Norwegian problems. 80% of my lower lip torn off, ambulanced to hospital no bill. Great care
I'm an American btw. The first things my friends back home asked me was "do you need a kickstarter?" Change is needed.
wondering why 10% of people have difficulty affording health care if it's universal?
.Nations who pay the highest tax rates also are high on the happiness index. They have peace of mind.
man I wish my buddy @MYCMOPHOTO's sister would get all the help the needed for free! I tear up for all her suffering. u can support her @ 》pic.twitter.com/g1Nayfz1wq
Dems R always offering free stuff, but they never consider cost. We are broke! Period! Time to get fiscally responsible, save G-C bill!
Is Norway 20T in debt? How will this country offer free healthcare when we R 2-0T past broke? It will B free until it disappears, like UK.
Single Payer's not working in UK. Wait 10months 4 biopsy. Have AIDS epidemic, offer AIDS test kit in vending machines. Y not C free Dr.?
Single Payer UK has just announced, prohibitive cost of HC forces them to deny care to unhealthy groups; obese (30BMI) & smokers. Take away
Why not tell us about Single Payer UK? How they lost 2400 Hemophiliacs 2 AIDS tainted blood, 20 yrs after screening? Did they cull pop?
Don't have crooked congress selling out taxpayers. Need only to look to MED MOD ACT, Congress gives Pharma drug monopoly against Medicare.
Because you are not in there politics. Not hard to figure out.... They don't have a bunch of CORRUPT POLITICIANS running around CRYING.
Their
I wonder how many people get really decent CARE
Scandinavia also partake in income based fines. Why, because it's fair. As fair as giving all classes the same health care quality. Easy.
Because of the system here is full of greed...
We are still arguing about workers working 40 hours should be able to put food on the table! Shameful!
Can we use their model? We should certainly try. It spells national success.
Ohh Bernie. 20 million compared to 340 million for 1. Don't suffer same health problems, plus it isn't as great as that presented Jesus
I can explain it. Since #ACA was enacted in 2013, no one can afford healthcare as the deductibles and premiums are so high, we can't afford
Norway 1 of the most heavily taxed countries n the world w/ total tax burden of roughly 45% of GDP– almost 4x HongKong & nearly twice the US
Senator Saunders what is wrong with the Americans
Hi Bernie. Now talk about the requirements to immigrate to Norway.
It would be a similar story here in Australia Bernie.
Dear Norway, Unlike you USA can bomb places. Can u? Nope. We may be sick, fat & in debt but at least we ain't pussies! (ps: I muh sister)
Dealing with 5 million people is much easier than dealing with 323 million. I dont think its fair to compare the two at all.
Nothing angers a "patriot" more than saying Murica ain't #1. Besides we ain't trying ta be like them communists Norwayers
Our system is inferior to most other developed countries! It is time for a change where all have healthcare!!
Go ahead and move to Norway, but leave my country alone, We R #Capitalist
Norway also likes drilling 4 oil & Gas they are #7 exporting oil & Gas, Life is super expensive, Cost of living 28% more than USA, N THANKS
Norway taxes 50%, u get really sick with Heart problem, u better go-to Germany @ out of pocket expenses, Hospital Equipment is1979, N thanks
Norway = High taxes, Own a TV ? U pay taxes 4 it yearly, If you R jong & Healthy care is expensive, Hospital equipment outdated, NO THANKS
Seems so logical & so fair & so compassionate.
They equate investing in universal health care with investing in public education, but sadly republicans don't believe in education either
You sure it's not a small country with closed borders (building a "wall") that makes his work? Asking for a friend.pic.twitter.com/eW8pDJX7W7
I'm gonna guess they have a leader who represents all the country's citizens rather than just the old white white racist ones.
Fake news
Population of Norway: 5,258,317 Population of the United States: 325,145,963
Is there a reason why Cuba's socialized medicine is not mentioned? https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/29/world/americas/brazil-cuban-doctors-revolt.html …pic.twitter.com/bMrhvjTJv7
A lot of countries that have incredible healthcare have smaller populations: Cali same as OZ, NZ 3rd of Los Angeles, Norway 1/2 of LA.
So move to Norway already!!
they only have 5 million people
No offense Bernie, but I would rather have Trump be elected 573948 times than be comparable to fucking Norway in any way, shape, or form
Junk food
And Norway population and size is what compared to US? Seriously Senator find a better argument.
If only....
Well Bernie move to Norway if you like it so much
Marginal tax rate in Norway is about 48%. Lots of tax money funds it.
And the beauty of Hippocrates, Doctor's oath, is that it should bee much cheaper+much better. Guess who doesn't like it?
Insurance, Corp. Hospitals, med claims billing (Ross Perot) , ext....oops forgot idiots who think there is a such thing as "free" market
it's not freedom when people are chained to their medications that are bankrupting them. bankruptcy rate from medical bills..
Totally agree ... that was my point... medical treatment is a right ... greedy businesses got us here ...its time we cut them out
