They didnt lose healthcare...They are free to buy anything they want in America. I pay for services that I ask people to serve me with.
No, we pay for their healthcare.
unfortunately you are right. That's my point. I pay for mine, they should pay for theirs. Simple.
That's fantasy talk, though, unless you're also advocating getting rid of, for instance, Good Samaritan laws
Asking people to pay their own way is fantasy talk? Smh lol god damn
Given what we are already committed to law-wise (e.g. Good samaritan laws), yes, "paying your own way" talk is delusional
Just because there already is a bullshit set of laws on books, doesn't make it right. People should fend for themselves. Period.
So you're are indeed saying axe the GoodSam law, SS disability, etc. So, basically, fuck people who can't make money. Got it.
What if you are a Sanders? 
Do you get to Bankrupt a College for a UVM monopoly? 
How about giving the money to a sibling? 
Is that fair?
Under Obama care the working class could not afford health care, it was all a lie!
And that of your finances? Hmmm
@kabrunotte health care  companys dropped us because of Obama care crap we had a good system till you idiots screwed it up
Bernie Sanders has never been "working class?" He's sucked off the government his entire adult life. Just like his constituents. 
#3Houses
He needs removed from office and all his cronies with him.....while we can still save our country!
Eternal question no one can answer: Why do people on moderate income want to vote for billionaires? Why? Billionaires don't care about them
Been wondering this myself. How can a mega billionaire ever identify with the problems of an average American?
I truly believe Trump loves America ! Look what he has to endure!
Trump loves Trump Money and Power! What does he have to endure? Getting caught in his own lies? Pls enlighten me what he endures?
If that were true, why would he endure the stress and daily bashing from the leftist press if he didn't love America?
What you say is irreverent you were bought off you sold off your base for your pocketbook. I feel sorry for those who believed in you
I lost my healthcare along with 200 other employees after #Obamacare passed and our employer could no longer afford the increased premiums.
Stop blaming Obama and blame the real culprits... Greedy insurance companies that have higher agendas by people at their tops.
Stop blaming Obama and blame the real culprits... Greedy insurance companies that fund @DNC and @HillaryClinton #SethRich @MakingAMurderer
I Call It How I See It Liars This #SethRich Report Destroys #HRCObama #DemocratParty #DeepState & #Liberal #FakeNews
Healthcare that the shouldn't have been given in the first place
Indeed, let them all die!
They should have to buy it themselves, not be given it by the government.
If government makes no profit on it, what's wrong with it then?  it would be much more costly to allow private insurense companies.
People should be able to choose what coverage they want, not have the government tell them what to buy.
Why choose? Here in Belgium I'm covered for everything possible. Even the poorest people get the best care and that is how Jesus learned you
#Comey #MAGA
Health care won't work till the government gets OUT!!!!
Senator, you are a total loser. Your own party sold you out and you accepted it with gratitude. Retire and do not embarrass yourself.
He's an independent
Bc he doesn't care about disability children bc all he wants is more 
He isn't the only one!!! Greed dominates our health care. It was better off when it was non profit.
Trump is trying to cut the budget on the disability insurance on Medicaid so ruthless
My Sisters life is at stake if he makes those cuts! She needs a double lung transplant. She is still young. She needs Medicaid. To sick work
This is the reason why People need Medicaid not a lot of people has  May God help ur Sister and Trump is a #Traitor A Soviet who wants 
Thank you!
He's been pushing for $15 an hour longer than any of them.
I'm pretty sure he would enforce it right this second if he had the means.
I've lost 3 insurers because of Obamacare and my cost is triple.  Stop lying. #fakenews
It did not effect everyone like that. Sorry you had a bad experience. Ours was okay. Good for my Son.
That's the problem. It helped very few and costs the rest of us. I shouldn't have to pay for other people's insurance. #obamacare
We pay for our own and it is costing us a lot more then it use to. Here's the thing people overlook. We paid into insurance all of our life.
I think we pay for our Son, not you. He's never used the insurance.
I thought you said it helped him?
Paying for sick people, now the young and healthy pay for sick, when they are old and need it the young will pay for you.
It's not an entitlement. Whether you use (if you ever can) or not you will always pay. The whole program is a scam.
If U don't like that U should not have worked so hard 2get him elected. C, I think ya do like Predator J Thief /Russia. Uwork 4them both
Trump won´t live for ever and he is old may die soon. What makes Trump & rich peop. are so greedy for what!
Such an Idoit
So right Bernie! What to do?
Bernie, you have no room to talk.
There is lobbyists in Washington who works for the wealthy, making sure that the middle class and poor people getting nothing.
And your budget said a 75 billion tax increase for free college... your point is?
More "old Bernie" bullshit!
. Sorta like our Vets, ,how is your VA oversite chair working out?
I am 65 and haven't made 4 billion dollars in my life. And because I have MS I am never going to have medical care either.
Thank you for working for us and towards the tax cut that might benefit you.
Stop this madman! Shameless corruption and power hungry by robber barons! Vile, mean, and nasty. No care about citizens! Tale of Two Cities!
It closes with the line "let them it cake" but they continue to support him.
tax cuts create jobs which creates a competitive workforce which creates health care.duh.but i like bernies way..i dont wanna work no more.
NO,They will lose their http://ins.Healthcare  will still be in tack,always has.We have been paying for it years now.Why rates are so high
better then being a sell out. Stfu. We dc
health care is not a right
You got screwed by the DNC, elite Dems & HRC out of becoming possibly the President in 2017. Your outrage is misplaced. Taxpayers are tried
Donald Trump is gonna start a civil war   just watch.  We are on the brink   may God help America
That's what the Electoral College wanted all along.
Did you know CrowdStrike did your case, then "Russia," then likely wiped the DNC's system?
Changing my last name to Trump and joining the family. Must feel great shitting on a golden toilet. probably not.
Bernie what happens if you are a small business paying more than your share in taxes for other people to get free healthcare? UR U fund it
Hey Bernie, I don't have health care. I have an enormous health care bill that covers nothing  Your party's Unaffordable health care  STINKS
Obamacare gox  Dems proposed anything other than throwx more of my tax dollars at it? How's 600k vacay home & investigation of wife going
Stop taxing people. You don't get to decide how everyone lives.
Obama already cause millions to lose their healthcare. Elitists like Sanders don't understand this.
.  Your comment makes no sense.
Obviously the problem doesn't affect you.
actually ACA helped my family and without it we would be paying more and getting ... http://tmi.me/1fiI5g 
How much of your insurance am I paying for while  remain uninsured?
I'm insured.  All five ppl in my family are insured.  I pay for that Gladly ... http://tmi.me/1fiI5w 
Good for you. Not everyone is as fortunate and helped wirg others' tax dollars.
you mean the ones without health insurance who utilize the ER as a doctors office ... http://tmi.me/1fiI5L 
Bullshit Bernie. It says we need to also consider the taxpayers who pay the bills. Remember us? Lying jerk.
That's not what it says, and don't act like you're rich ass hasn't been working the system. It's what Marxists do while they sit poolside!
All senators and congressmen should have TERM LIMITS. After that , we will talk.
why are you complaing Bernie. You helped put him in office you dumbfuck
Economic terrorist
Hey you hypocrite bastard. You paid less taxes than Trump. You are a parasite of the state. Shut the fuck up already please.
No it says we the people are sick of bankrolling a bunch of bums who know it's easier to take a handout than to work for what they want
<= The 2nd biggest fraud on US millenials. Socialist until he got that lake house for betraying his cult followers.
Trump’s budget says if you’re a Trump you get up to a $4 billion tax break, but if you’re working class you could lose your health care.
#fakenews Bernie what kind of car do you drive? How many homes do you own? Do you know who #sethrich was?
That old fart head wouldnt help Seth Rich even though Seth was a Bernie supporter
The healthcare that no one can afford their premiums on already??
Term limits Bernie, they keep you up at night. You are not working class & have a guaranteed pension. Nobody should by your con anymore.
Stop that budget please.  He is a fool with no idea of what he is doing
Bernie, how many Houses do you now own, oh yes 4 mansions, yet you want people to believe your just another middle class poor person BS!
Economics 101= DO NOT SPEND MORE THAN WHAT YOU EARN. TRUMP WANTS BUDGET BALANCED IN 10 YRS.  DNC wants to keep us in debt to CHINA
The budget is not cutting food stamps and medicaid..it is slowing down the growth. DNC control increased USA debt to 20 TRILLION DOLLARS.



You must think everyone is a simpleton. This subject is very complex and UR over simplifying it because you think we can't understand truth
http://video.foxnews.com/v/5419137117001/?#sp=show-clips …
Keep in mind the corrupt DNC cartel wants more ppl on their govmnt plantation. Big gvmnt means more dependence on gvmnt. NO SLAVERY.
TERM LIMITS FLAT TAXES 1 ASSISTANT TO A SENATOR

Go buy another house Bernie - three can't be enough, maybe another beach house?
Is anyone surprised that big bird will put a tax"deal" forward to help the rich get richer?  Pretty soon the middle class will be gone.
#DearWorld #Trump is giving the rich tax breaks while he dismantles our @EPA #NotMyPresident @BBCWorld @USAandEurope
Dumb LIE of the week !!
Not Pro-life
Bernie - start by donating your millions douche.
I pay over $300 a month for my insurance.
All I care about is that your three houses are safe.  Please tell us you won't have to give one up under the Trump plan.
Healthcare should NOT be free just affordable obummercare made it VERY VERY expensive for us to afford more than the mortgage on our home
You voted a very special POTUS this time. I  mean not you personally, Mr. Sanders. So how about exauguration? Not that easy, I assume.
Senator, they haven't been working to "replace" ACA, but they've worked overtime to sabotage it. Shameful behavior from #GOP. #NoMoreGreed
You're such a liar and a jackass. You know thats not true. What about the millions you took from your campaign? You bent over for Hillary.
Doesn't work anymore Bernie.  You spend our money like a drunk in a liquor store.  It's detox time and you won't like the ride!
Very well said.
but if you're sanders what do we get nothing but debt so crawl back under your rock you socialist
What a moronic comment to illustrate your disconnect. Most of the working class gets healthcare through work. Disillusioned elitist...
House and Senate Republicans are colluding with Trump to conceal Treason. Vote them out

NOT advocating violence. Just stating what is obvious to thinking, rational people. And #Trump.

I do not endorse violence.

…
Go away bernie
Hey, genius, I lost my healthcare under ACA.  I had to replace it with something that cost nearly twice as much and covered a lot less.
If you had the guts to go Indy and not endorse HRC this would not have happened and it will continue to until someone has like in France
This from a guy with three houses and a crooked wife. Your credibility is gone Bernie
@realDonaldTrump The #Oligarchy doesn't need more tax breaks--they already live beyond #Caligula's wildest dreams.
Despite Trump's promises, Republicans are at it again with their plan to cut Medicaid by $800 billion and take health care from millions. 
The #TrumpBudget preys upon working people & the poor--whilst the richest amongst #US will leave nothing but misery.
The working class have options & they, for the lack, not minding those w/ reproductive organs, of it, challenges their own comfort zones.
How about you pay taxes on your 4 houses first before you talk. It's called credibility.
Unlike Trump, Bernie released his tax returns. You can go read that. Do you think The Billionaires need more tax cuts? False equivalency

Screw u Bernie! Move to Cuba or Russia you Socialist Communist
That moment when you are so old you get budget, healthcare and taxes confused.
We want TRUTH about #sethrich, your PANDA. Remember, senator? Liar and coward.
DO YOU EVER SHUT UP!!!!!!!!!
Then do something about it bernie
Nope they're letting people who go to work and earn the money keep some more of it Rather then taking and giving it to someone else.
Mr Brexit I thought Tromp told the American people he did not pay any taxes and that was the smart thing to do
AMAZING=those that voted IT in,still like him..he is 1st in White House in my life time that is really a PSYCHO & repubs are doing nothing
And the irony is that so many of his "core" voters thought he would be focusing on them...SHAME!
I don't know who is worse. .Trump or his cult followers!
People are smart not stupid like your playing them far when are you going to stop lieing and decevieing them tell the truth mercy
Stop lying Bernie it's embarrassing your to old to be doing that
What kind of tax break do you get for your three homes Bernie?
And your income!
And you have THREE HOUSES. Political propaganda and hypocrisy from you is very easy for me to see.
Just like I could keep my doctor under Obama care.
OMG  A $4 billion tax Credit! This coming from a cheapskate who pays 13%! Time to get the rubber boots out. The bull  is getting deep!
Sooooooo you're getting a $4 billion tax break, that's great for you Bernie!  Middle class already lost their healthcare!  Obama screwed us!
#nlpoli this is what populism, public-private partnerships look like in practice? Can afford bombs, military, tax cuts, drain swamp?
#nlpoli @VOCMOpenline Trumps budget reflects myths of public-private partnerships, tax cuts, gutting public policy spaces that threaten exec
@SenSanders epitomizes the dire need for tax reform - he wants to raise taxes so WE pay for everyone else's expenses yet he only pays 13.5%
You want free government run healthcare! Our veterans have Government run healthcare! Takes months to see a doctor many R dying! I'll pass!
Why is your wife being investigated by the FBI? You pay 13% in taxes. Why don't you pay more? 40 years living off taxpayers!
You're such a sore loser. Begs the question, why did you let yourself get played by the DNC? Attack them instead of @POTUS @charliekirk11
More lies from bernsie the blow hard bullshivik
Nothing is free someone else pays for stop telling our youth free education and tell them I am make you parents pay for it.
Bernie - I think you own three houses don't you? Cmon dude, quit playing around. Takers everywhere!
@thenewsghetto Leave it to devils lawyer believing that in the game of king of the hill you don't all get covered in shit.
A little late to the party. Sorry that you pledged to work with him yet?
See! now President trump want's the poor to pay for his Wall! By cutting  there food stamps, and medicate. He couldn't convince Mexico to pa
Obscene immoral evil
Im a single working woman in her 30s that desperately needs assistance. I make 9/hr but it doesnt cover cost of living.The struggle is daily
Your anti-USA Socialism is treason, you hypocrite 1%er elitist public "servant" rich on our backs by corruption, dismantling US into USSA.
So many of us, watching our health decline, but being powerless to help ourselves and essentially being forced to just work through the pain

I don't owe anyone med ins, housing, food, Obama phones, edu, loan forgiveness, or stimulus. USSA gives our $ & jobs to parasites & enemies.
but if you're this, but if you're that, oh give it a break
working on an injured knee that needs surgery for over a year now.Had to use ER as primary care and am now in debt I can never fully pay off
I already got my health insurance stolen away by our despicable Republican @Governor_LePage .He refused expansion out of spite and failed us
Working class need the successful to risk investing in jobs for us to support ourselves not be parasites on the taxpaying half of USSA.
AND your foodstamps.Might as well lie down & die.Is this LEGAL?? Is it REAL?? Will we STOP IT??(WE'd better) Call your members of congress!
U corrupt hypocrite 1%er public "servant" rich from US inc more tax breaks than productive Trump. U s/b in jail 4 anti-USA Socialist treason
Isn't that what Obamacare said too?  If you are a congressman or Senator you can keep your healthcare but everyone else loses theirs.
Help us Bernie.
Bermie is a broken record for 40 years... Only college kids and those jealous of capitalistic wealth listen as the record skips
These bills and he and the Republicans must be stopped from passing the AHCA! Paul Ryan & Trump is only going to hurt a lot of people.
HRHR 1313 is a very bad bill and HR3742. The DNA bill must be stopped! Please help us with these bills. Please stop Mr.Trump from passing
Please help us so we don't lose our health insurance, especially due to pre-existing conditions & life time caps. Thank you!
And if you are a Bernie Sanders you get 3 houses and a 13% tax rate. Oh wait
that was under Obama. My bad.
#MakeMiddleClassPoorAgain
I'm a working person and I want my tax break.
Politicians just like to be heard & seen. You ALL do nothing, cause problems & blame others for your failures. Please put yourself on mute!
Idiot , we already lost our health care. You obviously don't know tax laws or the tax bracketing system. Why are you commenting on this?
No war but the class war
Hilarious seeing all of the lifeless trolls 
I can't afford healthcare even when I'm unemployed. I get 2000 in unemployment and the premium is 1400 a month with a 10 grand deductible
How were you planning to pay for that free college education for everyone?
He pays more than you in taxes, both by rate and gross. Get grounded: working class have been forced to buy SUPER expensive ACA healthcare.
False equivalence fallacy
More senile bluster from Bolshevik Bernie.

Retire.

0% corporate and 0% personal income tax rates for all!!!! Abolish parasite IRS.
#Liberal #Lies and #Deception America has seen the covert brainwashing from the left and MSM. We #Rejected all of you Nov 8th
Those who wanted change got what they voted for and still support him. #Trumpdontcare #SucksToBePoorInTheUS
Trump's budget also says that this country won't be bankrupt in two years. The opposite of what a Sanders budget would say.
Alternative word to Socialism.
It's really easy to just spew out information of something you have no idea what you're talking about 
IDIOT!
Fight this! Vote NO
Lol, your fact is without proof and what do you know about working class health care?
People in Manchester are dead because of Islamic terrorists. You should be more concerned about it happening here
