Bernie is educating the average citizen to whats going here!
Its up to the people to mobilize and fight back with fiercely.
@SenSanders is brainwashing people, so he can keep his three houses, keep his wife out of jail, and protect his daughter's $500k job.
Give it a rest.
Bernie all his political life has fought for the peoples interests and needs that why he is beloved in Vermont. He is 
It's unlikely you live, or spend much time, in the Northeast Country, where they loath him. Their view is that he lives off of, rather
..than for people's interests.
More fake accusations!When the people vote him in they year after year for decades they clearly in the majority validate him.
He is credible
Comrade oh no
We VETO you and your Socialist ideas. #MAGA
Bernie I appreciate you immensely, but you must know that you are partly responsible for Trump as president.
No.  I’m responsible for Trump as President!   #MAGA I voted for him.
With the alternative being HRC, I can't blame anyone for voting for Trump, but with Bernie in the mix, 2 vote Trump is baffling.
A socialist vs someone who stands for the Constitution.       Hmmmm.   Baffling.
You have bought into the lie that Socialism is bad. Do you think Social Security is bad? How about Medicare? Further still, how about FDIC?
Name a country where socialism is working?     I’ll wait...
No country is totally socialized because the whole world is deceived, but a # of them have socialist policies that are working beautifully.
Almost all major countries have tax payer healthcare and higher education. It's not about socialism, but social policies.
Middle class gets more, now. The current rich have run country into the ground. Tax the one percent way more.
Senator Sanders please stop using your white privilege you are from the 12 tribes of Israel just like the Germanic tribes
I swear, I feel like he's the only congressmen that NOT just talks about everyday American's struggle, but matches deeds with words, Medicare 4 all, Tuition free College & $15 an hour min wage. Bless you senator.
Never gonna happen. Nor should it. Not the government's responsibility for any of that. #Constitution
Who's responsibility then, Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, yeah sure, in the richest country on the planet we have 50% of our citizen making less than $27K a year, you try living on that.
$27,000 per year is more than most of the world makes. If you can’t make it on $27K, get some training or education and better urself. Up2U

OP-ED: It’s not hopeless. You can fight corruption in politics. Here’s how.

via @RepresentDotUs 
Yes, please. Search your heart Mr President....Look beyond what you see. Look over the horizon....
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha
Mr Trump has no friends. Who are you referring to?
REALLY? Do we really have to debate, if we should give MORE or LESS, of OUR money, to a group of people that can't even balance a budget?
Go away. Thnx.
I guess the budget isn't stealing enough from taxpayers to play Santa on all your giveaways???
Bernie in time president Trump will get his budget passed because it's necessary if we want to maintain our great country

Bernie you old goat.Take a hike.Take your socialist idiot ideas and leave America
Going to Puerto Rico instead of to the women's convention in Detroit he's only concerned about himself and nobody else
Tell your delusional Democrats to quit raping and killing people
I wish u would of stayed in the running. I still say u were the best man for the job...
He's a communist. Like that's ever worked

Yes
I have something to tell you shut up
I dont think he has too many Republican friends in the senate. BTW how does a career politician become a millionaire?
You are a very rich socialist who wants everyone to be taxed @ 90% you said it and you'll be exempt from it all it BS
We the people have something to say to you* Go away with your communist agenda
You throw that word around like its meaningless. Just cuz you disagree doesn't mean it's communism.
Bernie u are loser get a good look at yourself
Bernie, you’re a victim of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. Moscow 1917...you’re a superstar!!!
It must be missing all that FREE shit you are looking for
Sanders you did not even read the budget. You say the same thing everytime its Gop anything. Your lies are so redundant. Time 4 a sanity chk
Russian Collusion Found!
Great strategy-bully the bully. Let me know how that works out for you
The LAST THING THE CRIMINALS WANT ARE JOBS
Amm, the budget doesn’t go to the President.
I have something to say to mr. sanders, time for you to go!    You’ve been around to long, quit milking the system.
You just look like a lost old man that wondered on to the stage
Friends? He is doing it by a set of brass he has.
Not going to Happen Bernie. When are you going to callout the DNC for screwing you out of the primaries? When they run out of bribe money?
Democracy.. People hold the power, majority rule. Nationwide online petitions anyone with a computer can vote on? Working on it.. #kingdom
Sanders needs veto out senate.  Shut up bernie.
GOOD EVENING MR NEGATIVE.  THE GRIM REAPER HAS A MORE POSITIVE OUTLOOK.
You should call his cell phone. Apparently everyone else does.
This guy thinks anyone important listens to him??   Hahaha. Dementia
Break it down Bernie!!!
Presidents don't veto budgets. But maybe a guy who helped get Trump elected can't be expected to know that.
Why? Because it does not support your Socialist agenda bullshit?
...presidents don't sign budgets. How long have you been doing this?
First of all @SenSanders it's NOT Mr. Trump at the moment, it's Mr. President to you @SenSanders & the rest of your democratic Friends,
I have something to say to @SenSanders you lost the primary your irrelevant
We’ve had a lot of that bad and lazy senators in the US but this is by far the worst one! Full of lies and manipulation! So Sad!
He better. There's too much spending on unconstitutional programs.
Thank you Bernie for making this a Bipartisan deal!!
No Bernie it will be more lies
You tell them bernie
Hopefully your teeth don’t fall out when u say it.
@HuffPost @politico Sound bites? You're a primary reason we're a divided country!
If this is a staffer, why does it say i? Is this to allow cover for the stupid drivel coming from this account?
@SharylAttkisson
Bernie run again for President and make a bigger fool of yourself.
Please use correct protocol when speaking to or about the President. We do not say Mr. Trump but President Trump.

Ummm, you realize that the meme is incorrect? Obama had the debt ceiling raised multiple times,
That's never gonna happen.
I don't think you can tell the President what to do you communist
Hey Bernie/stop talking/go away
Veto it?  He supports it totally.
What Bernie? Not getting your cut??

election has consequences. ur days of tax-spend-spend-spend is over. we have a new sheriff in town, n based on number of days, trump's presidency is one of the most accomplished in history of our nation.
@realDonaldTrump will do precisely what's he's told by @MaximumNetWorth (Mr.Mercer)
It’s President Trump not Mr Trump you disrespectful clown
GFY
I'll tell you why because you can't you're lying as usual
It's funny how you will lie about things but never put forth any evidence why don't you start backing up your mouth with facts
You have a lot to say not much action...
Bernie you are the voice of no!
The truth is he pushing it back to the state where it should be. Cut out the FEDERAL level of bureaucracy that cost us .40 cents on a dollar
may as well speak to a rock; you'll get the same response...
You are obviously not Presidential material. Obama's budgets were the worst ever. Wrong priorities.
Businesses have off loaded all their employer expenses on to their workers. Why are WE expected to pay ANY taxes for THEIR government.
Pass it, drain it, make it great again!!!
This coming from the mathematical genius who bankrupted Burlington College. Give the bank back the money Bern. Stop pandering.
BERNIE was never connected to any college.  Stop lying for your liar in chief (He of 6 bankruptcies and thousands of lawsuits )
I don't know if you've been paying attention but he doesn't have very many republican friends. Which is a big part of his appeal.
Stealing less money from people is not the same as giving it to them. Robin Hood stole from the state and gave to the victims of its theft.
Good luck with that @SenSanders. Trump only has interest in veto power for things that would improve our country. #ImpeachTrump
Like what obama adm? Lol
It is disastrous. Not nearly enough cuts. Time to ween people off government slavery. #slashit
Bernie and Jane Sanders, under FBI investigation for bank fraud.
That’s President Trump to you, Sir.
presidents can't veto a budget
Couldn't expect @SenSanders to know that. He has only been in government for 30+ years.
Establishment.
Thank you Senator Sanders!  You hold the line, trying to save our country.
Bernie  Bernie here it is all laid out
Sorry Bernie,trump and the GOP are selling out Democracy in America. It’s a master plan going on for years
to Doofus:
Tell your socialist friends you'll go to live in Venezuela 
and they should go with
ppl stopped n the middle of the day 2 listen 2 Bernie Sanders he speaks the TRUTH whether its convenient or not WHEN BERNIE SPEAKS WE LISTEN
You can have socialism and you can have truth. Not both at the same time
Um,,,Bernie....This IS Trumps disasterous budget.
Why would Trump tell the senate gop he’ll veto his own budget?

u should refer to him as President Trump... just like we refer to u as sell out Sanders.
Get back to the dementia wing of the nursing home before they notice you are gone! You don't know anything abt budgets.
Do not let congress pass that budget!

Can't we just veto Bernie and get rid of you
I have something to say on behalf of all us #MAGA supporters, Tell your #Resist DNC buddies you can all get fucked! Oh! & that's NO to VETO
Mr. Trump needs to tell his Democrat friends in the Senate as well...#StillSanders #DNCLeaks #DNCLeak #PodestaEmails
The crazy communist senator from VT
how exactly would a president veto a budget?
Its not Mr. Trump he's the President of the United States!!! #hypocrite
BERNIE2020
@MSNBC The votes like on the budget are done by Reconciliation? How can the Dems participate in our democracy? America is not represented!
Just like the republicans did when ACA was passed 

Biden/Sanders 2020 let's bring the party together again
shut up, you hypocritical sell out. you have zero moral authority to be lecturing anybody about anything.
It's President Trump to you, Bernie
He's not most of our president. He's a fraud.
Na he actually is you're president that's the funny part
...and BTW you just called me the president, which I am, but not of the same office you were referring to. 

Get an education.
I didn't proof read the tweet before I sent it I'll give you that one
Bernie, Take A Long Walk Off A Short Pier. Americans Despise Socialist. Practice Your Socialism In Another Country!
I trust @realDonaldTrump with a budget so much more than I would ever trust @SenSanders.
Why? What is there to trust when everything he says is a total lie??

Or is belief more important than facts to you?
Dammit. If only Bernie were the one with the veto power right now.
Bernie, when was the last time U offered up a better idea??  More Bernie BS.
Wow that’s surprising.
 THANK YOU for calling a spade a shovel. It is high time we returned to having a gov't "OF the people, BY the people, FOR the people."
Nobody cares what you have to say anymore. You sold out to Hillary
Thank you for speaking on our behalf!
don't we need tax cuts.
I'm with you Bernie. More power
Presidents don't sign or veto budgets.

A Senator should know that.
Since he ws sworn-in, hv u ever seen him do anythin intelligent? Askin him 2 veto d budget is lk askin him 2 stop bn a moron, which he won't
Has your wife's trial started yet? How many homes can a socialist own? What's YOUR net worth? #2faced
You are proving he isn't a socialist. 

So make up your mind.

DJT has zero interest in doing the right thing. He is motivated only by money, adulation (everybody loves him), and  EGO #25thAmendmentNow
Bernie Endorses Budget ! Pres Trump impressed


Bernie every budget put forth by the ruling republicans you will say is no good. Because you want to lie to people and tell them free free.
It's only a Hail Mary pass if there is someone downfield to catch it, Bernie. There is only a patch of hot gas in the WH.
That is President Trump to you bernie. If you don't like it, then retire to one of your 3 homes. #TermLimits
If you care so much about the people.Sell all your mansions,your sports cars and the money you were paid off by Hillary and give it away
Translation: "You, this guy I don't like, aren't doing enough about this thing I don't care about."
Look at this man this disgusting Bernie a porno writer and enthusiasts he has constituents banking embezzling wife powerful Kool-Aid there.
We need a Budget.
#RecallSenatorSanders
I like you Bernie, but you appear to have forgotten that budgets aren't subject to veto, though if they were, the proposed should be vetoed.
The president can veto a budget bill
Isn't the budget a continuing resolution, which wouldn't require Presidential approval, nor be subject to veto? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuing_resolution …
This one will be a budget act not a continuing resolution
That's bad,but AFAIR, regardless of amounts,it cud still go through as a continuing resolution instead of a budget act,esp if act wudnt pass
It will pass, I don't think they need 60 votes
@RepMaxineWaters campaign wrote-off $10,000 spent on Hamilton tickets as a fundraiser expense #CORRUPTION
What's your plan give more money away
Senator Sanders you KNOW just asking him won't do it, speak his language: tell him he's great, smart, handsome, then slip him a dollar.(lie)
I believe that's how the no good Democrats work
I will concede the point if we can agree "...apparently how most politicians work." 
Yes?
Sanders has to be the biggest loser I’ve ever seen in my 40 years on this earth
whats your plan for cuts
#MonetaryReform - "what really would be required to end the #NationalDebt and end #incomeinequality @RandPaul
Thank you uncle Bernie
January 20th or 21st (to be determined),I ask all people of conscience to march with women across the country. #Med4All
They are only friends standing next to each other before a camera. All other times, Trump trashes them viciously & relentlessly.
If all u are gonna do is nay-say instead of getting in the weeds and fixing it. Just retire already
*Mr. President
If you read his plan you would support it.

But instead, Fox is your source of "reality". 

Sorry about that.
hey bernie dry up blow away old fart !!
Call him Mr. President dufus.
Very funny
hahahahhaha ok
@SenSanders you are a globalist stooge! The conservative revolution has started and we are defeating you and your ilk!
Never forget that this disastrous budget and tax cuts for the very wealthy,are linked with why we can't have healthcare
Why we "can't have" healthcare?  You have no idea how any of this works... Ignorance on a whole new level!
Family and friends living in countries with universal and single payer.  Lived abroad 7 years. Learn your facts.
If you think this is disastrous, I can imagine what you'd say if you saw an actual balanced budget.
To think he could have been President had it not been for the #DNC corrupt tendencies.

Now look the entire planet is screwed...big time
Yet....you will keep voting Democrat! The machine is bigger then you. Ha
A third party needs to emerge.
Hillary would have been a better president. A 4 year old would have been a better president. In fact, they would not throw as many tantrums.
I still think Bernie was better for the people. Soon the #DeathTax will be no more even though it's not good for the majority of the voters
He doesn't know what's in the budget. Only way he vetoes it is if someone high up tells him to.
Unfortunately, Trump is all about disaster and mayhem. All they want are their tax cuts...
Ok
I have something to say to Sen. Sanders:  what did you say in the eyars when your @TheDemocrats friends neglected to submit budgets?
The Senate is not a retirement home. OUT!
What are you implying? Mandatory retirement age for politicians? Trump is 71.....

#hypocrite
Thank you Bernie!  As is so rarely the case with corp media sources, The Hill got it spot on!
Did the hill get this spot on as well?
FBI uncovered Russian bribery plot before Obama administration approved controversial nuclear deal with Moscow: http://hill.cm/bur95nH  
Did you think you had found a neolib who gives a fu$$ about Russia gate to troll?  Or who would defend HRC or O? Wrong
Calm down, sweetie... We all love Uncle Bernie!
Thank you Senator Bernie Sanders

No
OMG, he stole Putin's body!

Trump is in WAY over his head.
Yeah: deficit down vs. last year under Obama, consumer confidence through the roof, workforce participation up, unemployment down..
BAHAHAHAHAHA. You MUST be joking! Veto this? Oh hell no.
Hillary Clinton stomped on your neck. She took away your power.
Go #Bernie2020 GO! Save The Planet!
Our analysis of how to fix the economy should be of interest http://necsi.edu/research/economics/econuniversal …
Bernie its PRESIDENT TRUMP NOT Mr. TRUMP...He is also YOUR PRESIDENT>  LEARN RESPECT
It's SENATOR Sanders, not Bernie. Show some respect.
Trump supporters will accept anything Trump says
Some would say the same about Bernie supporters...
Why would he do that? Passing that bill is the only reason they haven't kicked him to the curb yet.
Once they realize he'll fail on that like he did with healthcare, they'll be more amenable to impeaching him.
Tell 'em!
THANK YOU BERNIE, NEVER GIVE UP!
Limitations need to be set the communist needs to go and all no good Obama left overs
I want to veto him.
so you werent gonna tell us about the tape? http://bit.ly/2yozo1k 
What are you talking about? Quit spamming.
