what provocative and destructive behavior?
He sounds just like HRC now. It's sad. 
It's really not helpful for Senator Sanders to parrot the the patently false narrative about Iran being a regional troublemaker
How about a state sponsor of terrorism? Or that lifting of sanctions puts more money into the hands of terrorists? You good with that?
Which terrorism can you even name an attack by a party funded by Iran?
The Yemeni attacks by Houthi rebels funded by Iran.
Iran isn't bombing the hell out of Yemen though. Or starving it's people via blockade
They killed us special forces and Yemen people.

What is the biggest terror threat? 
Saudi Arabia: Iran
Israel: Iran
Trump: Iran…
Thank you man. Their rhetoric is bullshit Most americans know the Iranian people are solid kind giving intelligent people against violence.
Iranians don't rule or direct Iranian policy. They are puppets of the mullah.  Iranians have proved they hate Israel & US.  Stop lying.
Yes! Let's give them ANOTHER pallet of $150 BILLION to keep them happy, just like Obama did, you commie jerk!
You looked like a little baby who didn't get his way when u weren't nominated and sour graped supporting Trump with your anti HILLARY stance
Does he smoke dope? Kumbaya my Lord Kumbaya
So what should we do Bernie? Give them another $400Billion ?
it was our money, not yours !
As a tax payer it was our money and we shouldn't be paying ransom to terrorists
Not taxes, unlike billions to Israel & millions to Egypt. That's Camp David Accord. This is Iranian bonds & capital frozen in US economy.
If Israeli bonds were frozen, a nuclear weapon might soon be launched by the ben Gurionite state. That has remained their final solution.
Oh? How many have they actually used? Oh wait. NONE!
putz
If you had a brain you would be dangerous
Viperman is replying to Sanders!  Not plainjane52! 

Be careful with your replies. 

Use your brains, Viperman! 
It's called actions over words Bernie. Sort of the opposite of your entire presidential campaign, so I understand your confusion.
Do you hear yourself?  No wonder Obama was elected & no wonder he facilitated a nuclear armed Iran.
Maybe another $500 bil suitcase?
Bernie, Bernie. So I'm guessing you'd approve of nukes for the Venezuelan regime too?
We must find ways to push back against Iran’s provocative and destructive behavior, but threatening the nuclear deal isn't the way to do it.
U, UR cronies and Obama gave them that ability. Here's a thought quit being an obstructionist & help fix it Dems man up fix your mistake
I thought POTUS Obama paid them off with the 1.7 billion cash sent  to them last year. Why didn't you tell him they couldn't be trusted.
That was iran money frozen in bank of america 
Why u are not well educated ebough
We should be sending Iran our condolences they just were bombed and well over 40 civilians were killed by ISIS.  Common Bernie
I'm afraid that sending our condolences might be a tad hypocritical.
We don't want gunmen in Orlando anymore than we want terrorists in Tehran.  Civilians are paying the price for Bureaucracy.
I was referring to the fact that US colludes with Saudi Arabia and Israel, among others, in the campaign against Syria, Iran. Condolences?
No condolences if one is involved in Syria.  A Proxy war between nation states.  It needs to end - we still don't want terrorism anywhere.
Civilians dying because of surplus of arms.  Obama and Eisenhower warned instead no one listened - NO MORE MILITARY INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX.
The wealthy are lending us this money for perpetual war.  World needs to move off a war based economy - true kenesiean economics.
Well what is the way to do it? If you weren't a poser you would offer your wisdom I guess..
Yes, lets not offend them but give them money to fund their nuclear program.
IM LISTENING AND WAITING FOR YOU TO EXPLAIN WHY
 MR SANDERS CHANGE MY VIEW OF YOU HERES YOUR CHANCE . IM HEARING CRICKETS 
EVERY DAY IM ON U
BERNIE LIFELONG DEMO HERE POLI SCI GRADUATE .GO AWAY YOU THREW GAS ON HILLARY U BEGRUDGINGLY SUPPORTED HER FOUR WEEKS AFTER HER NOMINATION
Maybe Obama shouldn't paid billions to them. No they geared up Iran to attack!! Thanks for being in the wrong side again
?? Dementia
Maybe Barry shouldn't have sent a plane full of cash!
You mean the one sided nuclear deal. Didn't Obama already give them enough hush money when he left office?
Should we give Iran a few more billions?
If you don't know better, plz be informed that US only freed Iranian assets that was frozen, originally Iranian.invested inUS or oil money

Yes did you read the article ? We paid for a deal 1979 then US got the money never delivered due to revolution! So it was paid back in parts
President Sanders? I've never heard of him. Who is he?
Hmmm, 'destructive behavior', but let them stay on track with 'nuclear'. Exactly what am I missing here?
What a foolish comment ole Bern! When will you give up on Ridiculous Iran Deal?
do you actually read your tweets before sending them out?
You don't even make sense, that's the best part.
Bernie aren't you too old to be smoking weed? This is like giving a gun to a gang banger thug...
We get it you love Iran
Wow, you have lost it bern. Retire
That's just wrong to give the provocative & destructive a nuke weapon. Can we get a wall for this guy to hold up.
Send them more money. Then they'll behave for sure.
You're kidding, right? #NutJobKook
Do you have brain damage?
Put down the bong Bernie, you sound beyond stoned.
You mean the deal that allows Iran to enrich uranium for weapons?
The day he endorsed HRC, he proved to be a sell out.
They are provocative and destructive, but giving them a nuclear weapon will make things better ?!!
Um... Bernie, do you think b4 you tweet?

Provacative/destructive = nuclear capabilities???

Really?
The nuclear deal is an illegal agreement between Obama and the commies, congress had nothing to do with it, so it means nothing. do your job
Bernie, would you give a gun to someone with provocative and destructive behavior? Then we can't give nuclear weapons to them either!
So we need to piss them off enough to change their ideology, just not enough to blow us up right, Lordy?!?!?
Did u really say this?
I think you're confused about this.
The idea is to PREVENT them having nuclear weapons, the deal doesn't do that...
The nuclear "deal" as you mention should never have been an option.  What were the Dems, Obama, and Kerry thinking to allow it?
Whadafuq?
Bernie I'm curious, is it painful to be THAT stupid?
With the "deal" they can have nukes after ten years anyway, they'll get one, then "somebody" else will attack...human nature
Huh?
Who wrote this crap from your account?

.@kurt_nimmo 5/1/17
Geopolitical Report: #Iran in the Crosshairs
#Americans should push back against #America destructive behaviour! Endless war by #USA must stop! #EndWar #StopWar #uspoli #USPolitics
Yeah, but carpet bombing em with MPCB's doesn't seem to be solving the problem.
So you want to give them a nuke?  GENIUS!!
And what are those ways? It's easy to point out the issue with criticism, but what is your solution? Are you reading off HRC's script now?
Geppetto!
you've lost your mind socialist!
Bernie retire 2the mega house hrc bought u. Attacking Christian conservatives is AGANIST THE LAW! U r not hrc so u r NOT ABOVE THE LAW 
A truly bizarre remark that makes sense only to those who linger outside the scope of reality, in the ideological fantasy land of liberalism
What an ignorant statement
Wait, what?
So you just want them to keep the pallets of cash Obama illegally sent them to make nuclear bombs so they can kill us? SMH
What a fool
So give them nuclear bomb will be good?
Press the reset button silly 
You have LOST your MIND! That "NUKE DEAL" was a RIDICULOUS deal from the BEGINNING!
did you forget to take your meds?  you ran to be Pres as a Dem and that party returned pallets of cash to Iran. You funded them.
HRC 2.0
lol! Yeah Bernie why should we take the nuke deal off the table with a destructive country..
Wait, hold on. They are provocative and destructive, but giving them a nuclear weapon will make things better? 
Giving them nukes is a great way to reduce aggression in terrorists!
Since you are so anti American & anti Christian, you should move there
Term limits.
So let's just give them nukes.
Hard to get more divorced from reality than this.
That is idiotic. Are you out for another house?
Here's the deal we turn Iran into a parking lot for Israel ....End of story...ReaganGood
So it's ok to give them nukes. That's what you're explicitly saying. Crazy.. Smh
Dude u r a sinking ship, so get over it, as losers live in the past .
Yeah good idea, let them get nukes, THEN we'll push back! 
I'm sure they will be more receptive to deal, after they get the N. Bomb !
Bernie, Iran was invited by the Syrian gov't to help fight off the terrorists.  The U.S. armed the terrorists in #Syria, now bombs the SAA.
Are u off ur meds bern?
Sanders is becoming a copy print of Hillary. Iran hates everything progresives stand for and he knows it.
Sure, let's give them the means to make nukes. That's not destructive behavior at all.
Stupid communist, nukes aren't for our enemy.
Sooooooo........reward extreme behaviour with bigger weapons capabilities. Yes Bern, that makes sense...... #InBerniesWorld
Giving Iran the money to build their nukes and then be free of the deal in 10 years is insanity. 

Defend yourself.
You truly are a batty ole man.
What deal sir? You mean the one where we give them billions so they can fund their terror program and still pursue nuclear arms

Not sure whether Bernie belongs in a nuthouse or a retirement home.

Just send your supporters to the Middle East to run amok over there. Don't need or want them here, send the violence elsewhere
Courtesy of  U.S. taxpayer money.
Maybe you should clandestinely send them more pallets of cash isn't that how you pushed back before
#USA got nothing out of #Iran #Bergdahl or #Cuba deals. Just #Obama & @DNC propping up thier #RadicalMuslim & #Communist friends. #Jarrett
Maybe the Iran Nuke Deal will turn out as successful as 1994's North Korea Nuke Treaty. #sarcasm
Well #Bernie baby, neither is lifting sanctions or sending them $150 million in cash or giving them #IranDeal like #BendOverBarry did. #MAGA
So you admit their behavior is destructive and yet you still want to ensure they obtain nuclear weapons?  Man, you're dumb.
So don't re-examine the nuclear capability of a terrorist supporting nation? Whatever intern you have running this account, fail. And
What is your solution? You always say what we can't do. So, what is your solution? I'll wait.
6,100 brain dead likes for this senile fool?
So how does Obama giving Iran $1.7B prevent them from building a Nuclear Weapon?  It would have been cheaper to just give them one.
let what you just said sink in Sanders!
Of course not, because that would make too much sense.  
Push back, but give the nukes to the terrorist regime. WOW!
My thoughts are we shoot nukes in there direction and see if they can shoot them down . Move to offense ;)
True. Maybe another plane full of cash?
#jussayin
You are nuts. NO to nuclear deals with Iran!!!
You are crazy, Bernie. Dems just gave them a plane load of cash....
Is that what the UN tells you to do?
They are hundreds of terrorist attacks every year while citizens of our country die but we are afraid to drop a bomb or send in special ops?
Ending the nuclear deal and reinstating sanctions is the way. Iran has been at war with us since 83. Ask the Beirut bombing survivors of 1/8
Since you Dems and a lying obama are behind that deal - why don't you stick them in a time out.
How about this, before you spout out some shit like this come up with an idea of your own.
Obama, your GOD! supported Iran, gave them money, freed them from restrictive trade, made it possible for them to build nukes!
what is?
Giving them hundreds of millions in *cash* is not pushing back Senator.  Where was your outrage then?

Oh, right.  That was your team...
Bernie, please go to Venezuela. You'll love it.  Give their shit away instead of ours.  Oh, that's right.  They don't have shit to give away
They may hustle you and your wife to a super bunker, but that won't stop everything you've ever cared about from burning when they nuke us.
Maybe personally deliver some more cash? HRC has been "tutoring" you? #TermLimits
The nuclear deal is as fake as the Paris deal.
I love how politicians always say "we have to find a way". So what is it. You are a sitting USSenator. Make some suggestions and take it on.
Here is an idea! Let's give them hundreds of millions of dollars in cash again! That seemed to work last time.
How much of that $800k book deal are you giving to the poor? I bet it all goes in your greedy pocket.  Hypocrite.
So you admit their behavior is "provocative and destructive".... but we should still arm them with nuclear power?  Gotcha
We are all ears..you complain about everything that is wrong..yet, you offer no solutions.
What??? You sit back and watch obama send "secret money" to Iran and not a PEEP is heard from you and you have the gall to spout this BS?
You can hang up that idea @Impeach_D_Trump His going no where and Bernie is a den through and through.His only faking rage with DEMS for $
You've been in office 26 years and you still need to "find ways"? What have you been doing for last 26 yrs. What single issue have u solved?
Hey what about the $1.7Bin cash Your President sent them in unmarked bills Dems have blood on hands
To what provocative and destructive behaviour are you referring? Defending against yet another US-led overthrow of leadership?
So harsh language, then?
Bernie and his wife are frauds! Do your research on these two
God, you're useless
Perhaps if you hadn't given HRC a free pass on her emails, you would have had a shot.  Oh wait, they derailed you.  WEAK
yes, giving wld eyed religious fanatics who hate us the bomb is so much better
I did not like Clinton, but she was more right than Trump on Iran.   Forcing compliance is give and take.  Force is the least good option.
Easy. US needs to stop Warmongering #MIC
So what would you do Bernie.. 

?
Think about what u said. 'Deal' from our part, 'provocative/destructive behavior' from them. U sir, are very weak
Blustering  Bernie. Always angry. Always arrogant. Always loud. Always obnoxious  and self righteous
We must also find ways to push back against you before you further  destroy our Party
You're right, not entering into the Nuclear Deal would have been more American.  But we lacked that in the White House, remember?
We all knew you were nuts but this is completely Ludacris...
The "nuclear deal" (Iran "deal"?) was illegal. Obama had no authority to make such a "deal." Not Constitutional. Same with #ParisAgreement
Step one blame Obama, step 2 it is the nuclear deal, step 3 mass cyber attack destroy capability
