what can we do as citizens to create an atmosphere where universal healthcare can be a viable option?
what's so terrible about federalising healthcare so everyone in every state can have an equal right to it?
What is so terrible about federalizing healthcare is that the United States Constitution does not consider that a defined federal function.
Your use of the word "throw" is a strange way to describe one's liberty to choose whether to buy health care or not.
Liberty to make others pay for your emergency visits isn't liberty. Jesus clearly wants Medicaid for all
Didn't say that, but whatever. Jesus wants you and me to help. I don't think he wants me to use the authority of gov't to force you to help.
Stop your BS you are one of the trump supporter that either make ur living by covering up crooks,are a selfish or a rich who don't pay taxes
I am not "a selfish," and I'm not "a rich." And I CERTAINLY don't make my living covering up crooks: I'm now in health care industry.
Very good for you my intension is not to offend anybody but as human being my concern is about venerable ppl, whoever and wherever they are
Sanders is a crook like Hillary..
they are not throwing off anyone. They are allowing people to get their own plans and NOT force the gov plan! No more penalties
That is a lie and you know it is a lie.
Source?
How do you throw people off healthcare?
You should be more worried about the FBI putting your wife in prison, Bernie boy.
It is NOT THROWING them off THEY WONT NEED IT! MORE CHOICES! NOT HAVING IT MANDITORY!9
Why are you not upset that the DNC rigged the election against you?  Seems like a good point to bring up.
This is the problem with socialists, they think it is for the peasants, not them.
Sure, you'd have "access" to it - but won't be able to afford it.
running an institution out of business is a strange way to run a college.
You should talk with #Marvel - they might create a new US Presidential Series titled: The Nasty Wing
Access to healthcare would assume that there were doctors and hospitals that actually accept the healthcare plan.
#NotMeUs #SinglePayerNow —@DNC @GOP All the Same! 28M people uninsured Under #PublicOption 
https://twitter.com/ggreenwald/status/881177609635278848 …
England Sweden Norway Denmark Finland Germany France Canada Australia Iceland New Zealand Netherlands Japan Belgium... Universal Health Care
Brady is pushing tge $200 tax break. Those impactex don't make enough to itemize. Pt. It out
You didn't care when I was one who lost mine to Obamacare! Oh, forgot. I work.
Feel the Bern your #math is not adding up like your wife's #bankloan and #disabled eviction notices.
Tell the truth... not throwing 22 million off.. allowing people the OPTION to not engage in the healthcare system
I guess we could all become politicians, make millions and not worry about paying for healthcare
Just like Bernie!
Yes sir that's my point 
Question: HOW DOES THAT MAKE HIM WRONG?
Because he has no idea of what the common person is dealing with.
But, he does. He obviously understands better than a lot of other people. Which is why he always fights for the little guy.
THEIR IS NOT ONE POLITICO WHO FIGHTS FOR SOMTHING IF THEY DON'T GAIN FROM IT. BERNIE IS A FRAUD HIS WIFE IS A FRAUD HUS DAUGHTER IS A FRAUD
You really should develop some remedial math skills....
Those 22 million are all free loaders who don't pay taxes, don't have a job, and live off of food stamps.
But you limited 27 million currently without. #Hypocrite
They hate the citizens who aren't the 1%.
New CBO score is 32 million
Stop Lying! Obama Care has thrown Millions off but STILL HAVE TO PAY! You know this!
they plan to save your disaster that many of your own colleagues including cryin chuck KNOW OCARE IS A DISASTER. OWN IT. UR RICH
You can support them at one of your houses. You have three of them don't you. They'll be safe there. Lead by example, senator.
What about the 30 million citizens that lost perfectly good heath care, to be thrown off their insurance to give 20mil sicko/illegals ins?
Stop making me subsidize someone elses well being without my permission.
That's called theft
As long as they make money they don't give a crap
Where did Hillary's classified emails go to?
DEMOCRATS threw more off and covered with mandatory participation.
Bernie, it s big lie and you know it.
Gov is more worried about health of healthcare industry than that of nation. Tragically ironic!!
Would you please stop conflating health CARE with health INSURANCE you charlatan?
Or they could get a job and provide their own.
FAKE numbers Bernard. FAKE NUMBERS.
He thinks if enough people die there will be fewer needing it.
It will be there choice Bernie...
Really you are.  ACA is blowing up and as an example only 4 counties in Iowa will have 1 option in the exchange.  The rest NONE!  You lie!!!
How many #AMERICANS will be without healthcare when #Obamacare falls apart? Republicans have to fix you Dems problems! Again!!
It is INDEPENDENCE DAY! Do you know what the word Means? People have the right to get health care if they INDEPENDENTLY choose. #Freedom
@altNOAA  What do you expect from someone who hasn't done a menial job in his life, born with golden spoon in his ass oops mouth
Obamacare net gain is only 14 million, and 11.8 million or 84% of those are the gift of Medicaid. We see through your lies and false facts
Your rhetoric increases violence. What is your excuse #ivorytowerelitistcoward
28 million are uncover now with Obamacare
The ACA has 8M users. 38M+ lost their health insurance to give that 8M socialised medicine. That DOES improve access
Taking people off single payer healthcare doesn't equate to "access" to healthcare. Two different topics.

Sellout FAKE Socialist Sanders paid $500K to teach WOODWORKING @ wife's college. Wonder why it went Bankrupt? https://twitter.com/jessiejaneduff/status/881285958364278784 … 
If Obamacare was so great, why did people opt to pay a fine rather than use it? You are SOOOOO out of touch father time.
Will that also apply to Congress? Or will they write on a loop hole a-la how The House to keep themselves & family on Obamacare?
Are you in the pocket of the health insurance companies? Because you seem to want to steal from the people to make them wealthy.
You think it's heartless leave us with a choice. It's heartless to steal $10k+ from working Americans each year to give to insurers.
Dude, most of the 22 million people being "thrown off" are those who will willing choose not to be covered.
Don't you have a FBI investigation against you should be focusing on???
#FUD
It's Republican uncare bill ; and transfer of money  from those who need it to those you already have all the advantages already!
Well, you know, Bernie, you supporting corrupt WarMonger Illegitimate Hillary 100% for President was a strange way for u to act on Principle
You're still not addressing the millions more who already lost their HC.
More People dont have it NOW!
Why did you not care when people lost their health care with Obama care?
Your math is all wrong old man. Do your homework before you spout BS
obama care also had people not covered
@altNOAA while we all vent daily about #PresidentWTF we appreciate you steering the ship forward on healthcare.
The republican plan is to throw your socialist ass out of office
You will get your free medical when you are in jail
The (ACA) WILL IMPOLED. THEN WHAT YOU DEMS.



Be honest. 15 mil of those would be off voluntarily.



I guess the Republicans in office forgot about the Declaration of independence and the constitutional. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOP
All due to hatred of Obama. The rest of GOP should be mature to think, n not to follow Trump attitude.
The latest reports say it's 32 million.
What is their slogan again make America great again?What a http://joke.How  can you build a great economy with unhealthy employees!
Eliminating the mandate of forced purchase of stuff we don't want/need is not denying access. At least 18mil will literally jump off happily
What a zinger!!
Fake news as always!!
How do we pay for all these necessary programs, with the http://nontaxdollar.com . It's a new idea that make social programs affordable
Stop calling it healthcare. Call it what it is, genocide.
if only the Dems would put as much effort into helping USA,vas they do opposing Trump....
Like your wife throwing disabled children out...
That's right Socialist! Double my premiums so I have to pay for other people free or subsidized HC!
Help with this Bernie


ACA took health care away from those who had it and gave it to those who didn't.
bienvenidos a trumplandia
#pissed
People should not need health care, our government should crack down on those who make healthcare so expensive we need insurance to get it.
You're missing the point the important part is that we have the freedom to choose ha
I don't get why any human being would deliberately want to deprive another of healthcare when they are sick or injured. Inhumane
It's a lie. We know it's a lie. Keep pointing out the lying liar's lies.

Why would they call it healthcare bill if it throws 22 million people off of healthcare!!!
Broken record, Bernie. You're not solving anything with 140 characters. Just reminding us why we didn't vote you for POTUS.
And @SenSanders should be President. I will NEVER forgive or forget what Hilliary and the DNC Mafia did to you and the political revolution
And I will NEVER shut up about it.
Bern, the Republicans are taking away healthcare and pocket the money themselves saved by canceling the policies
Please just Stop them!
For us, people of the #America!
How about healthcare where millions of people can afford the deductibles and premiums?
Fake fact.  Half of those are FORCED to participate under Obamacare and would voluntarily drop coverage if given the opportunity
Only the left will actually plan to remove people from healthcare and many other issues.
Unless you count the mortician as a healthcare provider....
You're argument is weak if your free health care plan is surperior to  what you force the public to buy
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump  Trump is certainley strange indeed.
How's that investigation going? What else will be uncovered... other than you're a commie b*#stard. #BernieTheFraud
It's a LIE Bernie... did you read &UNDERSTAND the CBO report?
You had no problem throwing millions under the bus for Obama care and you voted with out reading and made yourself exempt
Those 22 million won't purchase it because the IRS will no longer be pointing a gun at them to MAKE them purchase insurance.
Where in the Constitution does it say that the government is responsible for your healthcare??  Just askin.....
yea if they stopped getting their handouts, they might actually have to work and make smart decisions.
If they choose to do that, then they also need to be prepare too refund all those premiums collects since the start of the ACA!
Small bus owners had pools, good rates, low out of pocket. Then ACA mandated they had to buy thru it. Rates tripled as did our of pocket.FU
Criminal. Are. You.
So says #BankFraudBernie
Bernie STOP lying! You are being so disingenuous!  Just cause .@CNN calls us STUPID we really are not! How is the FBI investigation going?
Figure you d know what you were talking about. Guess not. It doesn't throw them off. It just doesn't force them to buy a crappy policy
Bank. Fraud.
Throw is an interesting word when 15 million will choose to not buy health insurance
Let Congress buy their own #Trumpcare with their salaries, not additional taxpayer funds:  https://www.change.org/p/remove-health-care-subsidies-for-members-of-congress-and-their-families …  #MAGA #DrainTheTrump
#FakeNews Bernie.  It doesnt THROW people off healthcare, it gives them an OPTION to not purchase it...its called freedom. #CmonMan
You should have  become  Our  President.  Still  say  Prayers for u & Family.  What  the  heck  went  wrong.  Now we have unstable preas
Didn't anyone tell you that Trump himself is strange?
You threw 22 million and had zero issue. I can keep my plans dr ?
That happened under O-care; those people then had to pay for ridiculously high premium plans, and lost their network, you fool.
if it were true it would be as bad as committing fraud and running a school into the ground...but it isn't true.
They'll go from having insurance to having access to it.  throwing you out of a restaurant gives you access to a door, maybe food later.
Healthcare is not a right, it is the result of hard working individuals. #getajob
Your illegal bank fraud and getting a college closed by fraud is not admirable either. How many houses do you have bernie?
Well, with 22mil fewer ppl going to the dr, the lines are going to be waaay shorter for those who can still afford it. Whadya call that? /s
The bill is more about rich people's "access" to lower taxes. They don't need tax breaks; they need to pay their fair share to help society.
I can't wrap my head around it.
SIMPLE!

 When 22 million people die the ratio of doctors 2 people will go up. The remaining people will have more choice, until THEY die
Ur a LIAR AND soon to be a criminal #bernieandwifeFRAUDSTERS
#FBIINVESTIGATING
Why aren't you worried about the 20 million that never got Obamacare or those who lost their Dr's and insurance because of it?????
USA #37 in WHO health rankings! Aiming for #100 MASA (sick)
You didn't care when you actually through 7 million people off of their health care plan you promised they could keep.
If in California alone, a "single-phase" system would of cost $400 billion, and some how, you think it's wise to extend this to all States?
Bernie they don't care about the working  poor and middle class they just want machine to take job of man and let the people die sickly smh
You talk about "access"?! Having a $10,000 deductible is not accessible! The government has destroyed the healthcare industry, and now...
... I'm supposed to believe the government can fix it? Talk about insanity!
This is exactly why your side lost so badly. People should have a right to decide whether or not they want to buy insurance! Free Market!
Get a better job
The Republican Congress is defining it's legacy thru heartless repeals and nonexistent replacements. We, the people, deserve better
Truth
And now in a hissy fit he says "just repeal"...HA. That takes the (choc) cake!
it's not about the 22 million. It's all about filling their pockets. We call it "graailand" in Belgium. Grabbing the $ anywere
So let the uninsured pay for their own ins premiums by becoming gainfully employed.
If that happens, the uninsured can pay their own insurance by 2obtaining fiyhful employme
If that occurs, the uninsured can buy health insurance by obtaining gainful employment.
I don't want to have health insurance. I'm not being thrown off.
Most people in this country.have long since contented themselves with nothing .Because nothing from nothing is nothing . Nice. .
You keep pitching CBO numbers that you know are wrong; why dont you tweet their ACA estimates compared results? You govern thru fear -shame
The total will be 51M, more than the nos before Ocare. Let GOP know this.loud & Clear @SenSchumer @donnabrazile  @ChrisCuomo @ErinBurnett
Your wife is going to jail Bernie. You might too.
We all have to agree at some point something had to give.  Been living above our means for way too long.
You mean the GOP plans not to require 22million ppl to purchase health insurance.
Your bankrupting working Americans. Give up some of your vacation houses and have one like the rest of us
You figure out how to fund it Bernie we can put  the whole world's population on Berniecare let's start with  all your assets
#45 has commanded his minions to repeal AHC without a replacement.#est.32 million immediately off insurance.
Bernie; So you want a 'single-payer' healthcare plan?  How requiring all Federal employees be covered by the same plan that we will receive?
Lair
What's the difference Bernie?  The rising cost of co-pays and deductibles has made #Obamacare too expensive for average wage earners to use.
