What makes this particular pipeline 'dangerous'?

Is it made of #snakes or something?

Oh wait, that's the #DNC...
DAPL leaks, a lot. It also runs under the Missouri River that serves as the water supply for millions of Americans.
So how does it leak before it's been built?
It was built quickly to get it running before lawsuits were filed. It appears that the pipeline may tend to leak since it was built quickly.
So we can blame the protestors for the shitty rush j0rb?
Nah, judging from all the thugs & lawyers I'd guess that the #DAPL builders were more concerned about improper permits than protesters.
I'd guess that #DAPL was one of the largest safety & permit violations in #USA history. Litigation may bankrupt financiers of the project...
Bernie will lead the fight from his lakehouse getaway
Thank you Mr. Sanders.  Our country needs you.  Stay strong.
Not going to happen Bern.
The DAPL is not the dangerous one! It is the other 35 pipelines that cross the Missouri River. They are much older and of a poor design!
#NoDAPL Wells Fargo,BofA, supply the $ for the pipeline. Take your $ to a credit union.
I still remember the trash that these people left behind at the site. They're really only mad because they were subverted and don't get cash
I hope so.
The fight is not over. It is just on a different form. Stay infomred! Stay strong! #WATERISLIFE @Impeach_D_Trump
Keep up the good fight
Thats right. Sow them your() strong. Keep up the fight
Me too.
So you'd rather give the money to Warren Buffett's railroads, eh, Bern? You know, that "top 2%" you're always going on about? #MAGA #TCOT
The term "Native American" was struck down in the 9th Circus Court. Use "American Indian". AIM prefers the latter also.

Thankyou Bernie for standing up for people and planet !
thank you bernie sanders because without a powerful white person talking about problems like this we wouldn't have other white people caring
Keep up the good fight! You are my heroes.
Not only Native, it behooves All Americans.
Really Bernie there R so many pipelines already under that area. Look at a map of them. 1 more is so dangerous. U gearing for 2020? Ur wife?
We need to invest in renewable energy.
Get Liz out there. Lmao
I agree
The would rather that we use Warren Buffets  Rail tankers and make the dark money for guys like Bernie and the socialist democrat party lol
BLA bla Bla...
The pipeline that will bring jobs? the pipeline that will make america wealthier? the pipeline that will reduce gas prices??
Any psychopathic people visit your office recently ?
I am wondering 15 years ago you didn't lobby to destroy all the roads bcse cars omits co2 and dangerous accidents.
So sad!
Wanna bet?
Maybe you can get the protesters to clean up after themselves.
Bernie do you ever support anything that is better for the environment. Moving oil in a pipeline is safer then thousands of rail cars.
@realDonaldTrump another failed attempt of assholery
Thank you Senator Sanders. I closed my accounts at BofA and I encourage others to boycott institutions that support this needless pipeline
Yea, stop the pipeline and use more dangerous methods like trains, I am sure Warren Buffet a big Bernie doner would like that, his train
Company would like that very much.
Sad to see so many people being tricked to think this is about environmental issues when really its about money.
It's all about Warren Buffets train company, he happens to be a big Dem doner.
@Lawrence @maddow #NoDAPL This is not good for our people nor our environment. #NoLies #Truth #InvestigateTrump #NoToTrumpCare #CountryFirst
Dam Bernie isn't shutting up tonight
Quick Bernie, Tell us how much Environmental & Economic damage has been done by ND Pipelines vs #DAPL protestors. Want to wager a house?
Clever, John.
I can agree with this one.

How many.votes will that fake pandering get you bloody bernie?
The pipeline will go through you old fool.  There are thousands of pipelines crisscrossing everywhere across the U.S.
Can't you see you have lost!!!!!
what is wrong with you
There it is....native Americans. Warren must really have gotten to u.
I still see the pompous ass pres of the oil co gloating when trump was elected
Native Americans like @SenWarren ? Doh! Wrong again fool!
Groups who demand no pipelines should stop using refined fuels, natural gas or anything remotely connected to petrochemicals.
You want the other two pipelines that are in the same right of way to be removed? Those "Americans" should stop using any refined fuels.
When are you ever going to stop your revolutionary pipeline rhetoric you Micro losing Liberal Hypocrite?
Dangerous pipeline, you're a joke. Rail is way more dangerous
Not going to win this either, old man.
Its over you lost get in your car that the oil from the pipe line powers and get a job!!!
I just talked to a trucker who is bringing pipes to this pipeline.... what can we do? Sitting there didn't work, what options do we have?

Maybe u shouldn't have helped elect trump. Elections have consequences.
I am sure Elizabeth Warren is there to play Pocohontas
Dems will continue ignoring them like they did before
You are the only one dangerous
"Ah, they're nothing just Indians, white man fucking them again!" What part, 'NOT'still or again!
#TrumpHatesOurPlanet
Obama didn't do a damn thing! He didn't lock anything down to stop people like DT at all. Let's not be elevating Obama Administration.
My prayers are with you! God bless all of you in your fight. Strength in numbers says it all .
I thought President Obama could have done more but being constitutional lawyer he knows more than me obviously now they have a chance to win
I like to apologize to President Obama he was right like always now Standing Rock still can be stopped even though he's not in office
Bernie @SenSandersさん

◯◯ and activists will continue the fight against ◯◯ until this dangerous pipeline is stopped.

Thank you very much
.@SenSanders Thank you for being the ONLY Elected Representative that supports Our Naive American Brothers & Sisters. #NoDAPL #BernieCARES
What about pocahantas?
Yeah riiiight. @SenWarren was as Quiet as a church mouse along with @HillaryClinton. For the people my ass!
indians should sue trump
Native Americans should also sue @BarackObama
sorry... native americans
They Continue To Keep Civil War Monuments Sacred But This Is Ok To Destroy!! WE HAVE DONE ENOUGH TO HURT NATURE!!!
Nothing is being destroyed.
Grandpa Bernie  n. Granny Pelosi ! What a team of old clowns !!! Thanks for all your help. The. Republicans.
Native Americans are the only REAL owners of this whole land and the goberment treat them like s_it.
No there not
What is dangerous about it? Is this the only pipeline the ? The car you drive uses some fuel;it comes through a pipeline,doesn't it?
The Feds will just execute them like they did 150 years ago. Now they have free reign and no checks against bad behavoir.
Really
also,why is noone freaking out about that white kid at the starts cultural appropriation?Guess you all get offended but only when convenient
Grow up
That a boy Bernie, jump in that void of @DNC leaders before @SenWarren put's you in your place like @HillaryClinton did. 
Hmmm...whos paying these protesters? Or are they just feeling native today...sought of a SIS thing...you are the way you feel at the moment
What makes this pipeline more dangerous than the 2.4 million miles of existing US pipeline that cross thousands of bodies of water?
Thanks for being a voice for native ppl. I'm grateful for that.
Not an argument here, but just imagine Bernie saying this during last 100 years as U.S. developed technologically.
"We musn't allow this railroad to be built" -bernie - 1862
"We must never use fossil fuels" - Bernie -1920
"We must never use automobiles, for they will cause innumerable deaths" - Bernie - 1886
Bern you keep losing on every front. Pick one thing see if you have any luck.
Your comment  is false. for 1 Bernie keeps winning in his state & gets votes by Republicans & Democrats.
Of course he get votes by 2 parties he is a independent.  He want to give free stuff. It's o ly free if yoy aren't the one paying for it.
what state are you in?
NJ but on a trip last year to VT sugarloaf area in off season. Never saw such lazy ass people.
lol, interesting metric for lazy ...
Lots of freeloaders in NJ too. Christie sucks as Governor.
Most ppl want jobs & dignity, #militaryindustrialcomplex rulesMost politicians&media. $ better spent on r own country than destroying others
not to mention the native councils approved the pipeline
GO AWAY! The democrats need new leadership. You're wore out and old
Vrey true
Im confused. Why is that one the dangerous one, but not all the other ones that run right beside them carrying gas and oil?
It doesn't even go through native land! It helps the very workers you say you support!
You seem to forget the entire state was once Indian land.  Traditional cultural properties are all over the place.
