Actually the average fam saves about $4k a year good try.
I'm going to save $4000 a year? Where? How?
Yeah what bullshit. They still think Trickle Down works. Imbeciles
It does. Rich ppl actually paid more under the Reagan tax cuts. Either way I’m a fan of any tax cut
No. You are lying.
Really? I have the ability to forge IRS statistics now!? I never knew i was so powerful.
Your yellow post it note simply displays how much Raegan benefitted the rich.
Haha it states how much more tax revenue was brought in. Good try tho

Yeah?? Haha prove it
Oh my, like that's a new thing?
it will only benefit Trump and other billionaires like Trump.  Everybody else will pay more taxes and more for their healthcare.
The people who obsessively LOVE to cut taxes for the wealthy do not get to bitch about the national debt when a Democrat is in power.
U & your co-workers are an embarrassment to the world - you ALL are useless @Theproblemshow
Ask Ted how his porn addiction is going.
Is that the best you got and no from the side you can see it doesn't touch my neck. You should really be one to talk about people's looks
One only needs to look at changes in income distribution to prove this fact.
Not sure how you became so warped in your views of, “if I were King”, but you sound like you fell out of the tree as a child.
Please @SenSanders stay away from @TheDemocrats, they are only a troyan horse for the 1%. We need to #DraftBernie
#impeach45
Btw why do you always focus on how good the wealthiest are doing? Arnt we supposed to focus on how to improve the bottom 99%?
I thought it was the top 1/10 of 1%? Your in the 1% right?
Senator Sanders - perhaps you could begin putting the word “kleptocracy” into your discussions about GOP plans, motivations and direction?
That's just not true!  You keep lying about the tax plan!  We know your motive is redistribute wealth!  It's called socialism!
Congrats Bernie on being a 1 percenter! How many homes do you own?
Well looks like I better work hard and become rich to enjoy my reward.  Wow look at that America, a reason to work hard! Damn relievers!
the democrats have raised taxes on the middle class and given more to the wealthy

Aren’t you under investigation for using you political influence to get $10 million for you wife?
pls be fair. all americans, rich n poor, deserve fair treatment in everything, including tax cuts. ur tax-spend-spend-spend agenda is good for politics, not for the ppl.
Why has corporate America profited 4T since the beginning of the yr with a marginal tax rate of 14% or 0 in taxes
Why did Reagan's tax policies set into motion the largest poverty increase by any President
Why did Reagan's tax policies create 40 yrs of stagnant wages?
No it isn't. That makes no sense. How is not taking money from someone the same as transferring from one person to the other?
Damn Straight it is!

So tell us how much of other people’s hard earned money belongs to your government?
Liberal propaganda
Except the top tax bracket isnt cut

#neverforget #Venezuela
Says the #Millionaire while complaining about other #Millionaire while #virtuesignaling in one of your 3 houses!!! :P #irony #hypocrisy
And what exactly would you call that $18 Billion Soros to Soros transfer that was made possible by tax codes written by your party?
Geez u keep reprating the same incorrect lib talking points. Is this all u got
This is incorrect. U obviously havnt read or understand the plan. Stop lying
So you would get richer? Why are you complaining?
Btw you got mopped up by Ted Cruz
If they already own it, like you say, why do they need to transfer anything?
What do you think the ACA is. It's the working class to the poor.
Idea: Introduce a bill to Congress stating that people w/wealth in excess of $10 million no longer have to pay taxes of any kind. GOP wants
the US to operate like the ancien regime of France, where nobility paid no taxes so be sure to state that fact. Also use their assertion
that rich people are rich because God likes them better as a justification. See how many GOP rush to co-sponsor (probably all of them).
You are a liar.
A socialist who doesnt understand economics???? Nooooo....
If it is <than a 95% transfer it's improvement over your last efforts. Sad to see you resorting to DISINGENUOUS  Narratives!@foxandfriends
Bernie,  Bernie, Bernie just another Broken Promise from the @TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @GOP @DonaldJTrumpJr
Help me to understand @SenSanders How in the heck did you b/c a senator? It's obvious that you do not know what you are talking about.
I'm sorry Bernie, you don't care about wealth transfers
Ready for a "new deal"?
Can I get a uhhhhhhhhhh fact or statistic to back that claim up?
Thank you for standing up for America!
No that's what the last 8 yrs of your type of policies did! Just look at who got wealth under Obama. Hint: it sure wasn't working class!! 
Can we take the top 10% of GPAs and test scores from students deduct a few points and give to the bottom 25% for more equal graduation rate?
Another way to look at it: it just barely starts to reverse the most massive wealth transfer to politicians the world has ever known.
FACT:  The top 1% pays 46% of all Federal income taxes, while the bottom 60% pays only 2%.
If this was true, you should be okay with this, after all your part of the 1%
If socialists understood economics....

Transfer implies that wealth is moving. 
Letting people keep their wealth means it's not moving.
And who redistribute their money to you to be able to afford 3 houses on a government salary? Nice A8 BTW Bernie must have cost a lot
Went from calling out lies to telling your own. Smh
Exactly.  GOP wants wealth concentrated in an elite, with the lower 99% busting their humps supporting them in banana republic fascism.
Where are you at one of your homes purchased by the DNC or actually in Washington DC at your free housing there
Liar liar pants on fire.
Better to transfer wealth from working families to govt. So all the lazy people will get free stuff .
That's the way they always do tax "reform."
You're a goddam hypocrite!
Bernie I have many dollars to help please let me know if you can fix it!
Can you fix it?
If I gave a beggar 1$, you would still say it was a transfer of wealth from the middle class to the 1%.

You are a broken record.
B.S. and you know it!
Senator,"Tax Plan" is not a massive transfer of wealth to the government.Big Gummit Bad!

     Validate your 2nd Amendment Rights ... Carry
Do you pay federal tax on the weed you smoke to make these kind of Claims...? Js
Funny. Macron is doing exactly the same in France. Tax plan has been released this week. It's à 5 billions gift to the richests. #Disgusting
Financial commentary from Konrad Bernie is like babysitting advice from Jimmy Savile...
Yes we know! It’s called Trickanomitri  cooked up by Trumps Puppets! Mobsters in the White House! Apply the Rico act on these
Your description sounds like you’re talking about your beloved Venezuela  without the eating of zoo animals of course. 
Let's try communism out on you first Burnout
Who you kidding?
Once the Commies step in it all ends up in their pockets anyways.

Novel idea: Keep your hands off the fruits of MY labor!
Bernie loves lying.
Yeah & Trump is the most truthful President ever! Bernie is exposing the GOP plot to get richer & give more money to the rich! Kick rocks
UBI ... UHC

why so envious Bern? You have three houses. You did well on the public dole for 50 years
How exactly does one person not playing taxes transfer wealth ? #typicalignorantbernie
Bernie wants gov’t to own you cradle to grave. It’s because he & his family are in the gov’t & they get their bigger share first.Liar. #MAGA
Though why you lowered yourself to even debate lyin Ted astounds
#bankfraudbernie
HOW ARE YOUR THREE HOMES DOING?
Have you ever done math?
Please do not use the prejorative 'Working families' descriptor.  It implies that there are families who do not work hard.
Are you trying to meme or somethin'? Is this the text version of the Patrick Star meme? Or are ya going senial? Jfc
BERNIE2020. CRUZ/LIAR!
Do assisted living centers allow Democrat rally's? Cuz that's where Bernie will be. Also he's a liar
GET A LIFE TRUMPKIN!!!
Let's look at Venezuela...socialism/Communism does not work...
Look at Canada and Australia Social democracy works!
Give your millions away to the poor hypocrite
Um. Please explain how thats true?   Your math seems backwards
Good job Sen. Sanders Good debate
A socialist is lecturing us on transfer of wealth. That's rich.
Sorry, Bernie, that is incorrect.
How about stopping the transfer of my "wealth" to the govt?
Laughable. Tax cuts are good for everyone except corrupt politicians like you of course.
How does *reducing* taxes on working families transfer their money to the 1%? Is this how liberal economics works?
They have been transferring our wealth to them since the Reagan years.
You should talk about the massive wealth transfer from russians to the clinton foundation.  Since she screwed you in the primary LOL
Don't you want to tax working families to death?
prove it.
With all due respect Senator, you’re confused. Maybe u should retire. #nonsense
Stop 
Remember Marxists always do what they say the opposition is doing.
How is keeping own money a transfer of wealth?  The GOP plan is not taking from one and giving to another. That is actually the DEM plan.
Duh. We know. What are you going to stop them?
Um your telling me that rich people take money from others through our tax system? Don't they get taxed too? So technically they just keep more of their own money.
Sort of rich a socialist condemning wealth transfers comrade. Let’s try to spin that a little better.
And you will benefit so you can buy that 4th house and another fancy sports car
No it's not 
Allowing anybody to keep more of his/her/its money is a "transfer" of wealth....in lala land maybe.

Only in Bernie's world does keeping more of your money= taking money from the 99%
So Marxist to talk about NOT confiscating money as a transfer.  It's as if you beliebe that everyone has a right to money except the person who earned it. Thanks #senatormarx
There's nothing in your statement that is true. Nothing, literally.
A rose by any other name...
I'm calling BS on this Bernie! You want college & medical paid for & you would heavily tax to pay for it! Nothing free.
You simply do not get it.  You are not one of us working families but for some reason you think you "get us" and can represent us.  So wrong
Even if this was true #So ? It's a bunch of middle class hard working people. How is Bernie a Senator? Democrats lie to their voters.
I could use the $4,000 a year. I'm for it.
Wait, how did those families get that wealth? Wasn’t it transferred to them first by government program? That’s not a fair system.
use their #buzzword to drive the point home ‘redistribution of wealth’ they are socialists for the powerful, we need socialism for the 99%
Yea but if the top 10% pay 70% of the taxes wouldn’t that make sense? The average family would save 4K per year and that’s what matters
Clearly you have no idea how it works. Go read the whole tax planning for yourself. You don't see them talking about the 2nd,3rd year etc.
Please just say like healthcare and debt.
I love you @SenSanders !! 
BS is IDIOTIC=PERSONIFIES typical swamp dweller. BS, the $ is the people's. Tax plan=return to  all taxPAYERS. YOU ARE LYING AS USUAL!
Lier
Rich people don’t get out of paying taxes all the time. They don’t need any tax cuts.
Right people get out of paying taxes
This guy is a complete moron.....
And they have a unscrupulous billionaire in the WH all too eager to give himself and his family a big tax break.
Where are the plans so we can look at them ?
#bankfraudbernie
If the GOP would have a sex position name it would be the reverse Robin Hoood.
Screwimg the poor to pleasure the rich.
That's like saying a Democratic tax plan is a massive transfer of wealth from working families to politicians. #CNNDebateNight
Yep, it’s a greedy plan from a greedy creep #CNNDebateNight
Nobody likes @tedcruz.
And you want it transferred to the bottom 20% even those that are to lazy to work for what ANSWER IS V O T E S and that is W R O N G
So sayeth a man with three homes
Why are you complaining Bernie? If it was true you would benefit from this. You are part of the 1%  and a #Hypocrite twisting the truth
But to change the system you do better from the inside.
As flawed as your statement is, wouldn’t this benefit you if true?
This is fake news.......Sell out.
BS and you know it!!!!!
Your math doesnt add up and working class are not paying the first 26k better child care .simple form to file.My S corp passthru will thrive
Liberals freak out when they can't get their hands on other's money because "they know best" how to use/disperse it 
This may be the dumbest thing you’ve said yet!
Bullsh*t
Don't redistribute wealth it fosters mediocrity. People only work as much as the person doing the least if there is no benefit
Ted Cruz is such a liar.
Example from tonight? 
No?

Sit down while the productive adults fix this mess...
#NoMoreTaxCutsForThe1%. Period. 
Join @RevFundOne for #TaxDebate & Check out @AngelicaForMO's #AmericanDreamTaxPlan #ADTP
What kind of #LibLogic are you using? Taxes are transfer of wealth from taxpayers to the government, not from one taxpayer to another!!!
Don't worry Bernie, we fooled them because the working class is broke paying our #Obamacare  premiums. #bloodfromaturnip #nothingleft
Like Protesting NFL players?
What's your net worth Senator hypocrisy?
Don't lie to us Bernie. Stop the tax deductions for the wealthy. Stand with trump on tax reform.
LOL, Bernie isn't the one lying.
Senile old man mumbling gibberish
Sen. Sanders, you are lying again.
Except by “transfer” you mean the opposite.
I do understand that but can't do anything as a low income senior citizen.  Trumps trick is if you don't pass tax plan forget health subsidy
everybody, poor n rich, must get their fair n just share of the tax cuts. the rich risk more, pay more taxes, n its only fair n just that they have their fair n just share. such tax cut will turn into additional investments n jobs anyway.
Well yeah...that's ALWAYS the GOP strategy. That's some hot take Senator.
Disgusting
That's not how transfering wealth works. Taxation is transfering wealth. Cutting taxes means LESS transfer of wealth #BernieNeedsEconLessons
Taxation only makes the government rich. Also taxation is theft.
Go away you sell out!
I like a good debate, gonna record #hannity
Taxation is theft. The end.
Transfer payments to the poor doesn’t lift them out of poverty
