Tell that to the vets because they had to wait weeks if not months to be seen!  And a lot of them died!  Take your socialism somewhere else
Medicare is for the people who worked and paid into it their entire lives. Not to give Way. This will also ruin my work provided insurance.
Work provided insurance is a mess in any case though.
And throwing more money at it won't solve the problem. Knowing my government it will be worse.
True. But as a country we need to address healthcare like we do defense
The world needs #basicincome and #Medicare for all!
#medicare #cdnpoli #uspoli #ukpoli
Really?  If everyone was so on board then why are you are you pounding it into our heads?

Do you even know what Medicare is ?? How about a faulty analogy ?? You've clearly shown here you lack knowledge in both.
I know I have  involuntary taken out of every paycheck for Medicare, that the gov't redistributes to other ppl. Isn't that socialism?
Oh so you think we should abolish Medicare.  Well it's hard to argue with bankrupting the baby boomers from a millennial standpoint.
Never said I wanted it abolished.
Yes that should be the goal and you should be laud and proud about it! So work for it, but don't sell voters on it being implemented soon...
It's a great idea. Somebody needs to haul out the facts and figures about the costs of this program and possible tax increase to pay for it.
We have aggregated defense cost via the federal govt. we should be able to do it with health.
ALL is a strong word, there are benefits certainly, healthcare should be a right. Sadly the devil is in the details and legislators.
I agree with you. I want to see facts and figures about how this is going to be paid for.
Well let you pay for it sir!

What does it really mean to have Health Care for all? How high will our taxes be to pay for everyone? How long would we wait for treatment?
BS. Show your work.
And the infrastructure is already in place. Tested & ready for service
SAYS THE GUY WHO CALLED FOR A BOYCOTT OF HIS OWN STATE! And shockingly, you forgot the word, "LEGAL!" Aren't you and McCain OUT yet? Ugh!!!!
Not more of this scientific consensus rubbish. You can't steamroll a debate like this
WHO ARE THESE IDIOTS

You pay for it then
You mean like the VA? That kind of government run care? Tell me again how patients agree
Wow where did you get that craziness?! Great job with a lunatic blanket statement.
You really have drank the #KoolAid
You are terribly mistaken Raul. All Medicare For All would do is give everyone poor care, long waits, and fewer doctors.
Your statement is completely false.
It is true!
So much sarcasm in your statement 
Nightly network news never mentioned it. DEMs on TV need to call out these TV News Orgs for not making it important to mention.
Wrong.
Wrong!
No they don’t, are you drunk?
Some patients who want others to pay, very few Dr's, and 1 or 2 hack economists believe this.
More patients, doctors, and economists disability - #MedicareForAll would be a catastrophic failure like the VA
No...actually they don't...more left wing lies
So, let me get this straight. The DNC wants to destroy our EXISTING health care & put the government in-between our doctors & us AGAIN? SMH
Everyone agrees but who's going to pay for it? You?
Oh no they don't!
don't tell us, tell ron wyden

#singlepayershame
Would it give mental health training to our police officers on a federal level instead of local precincts having to incur that cost?
No, they don't. It's actually the total opposite. You need to stop confusing insurance for care.
Next better be raising the minimum wage to a living wage. After, 100% renewable energy. After that, tuition-free public college. etc.
No.
Dear Rep.  Great idea. Please tell me how are you going to pay for it??
Would the economists from the University of Chicago largely agree with this sentiment?
#CongressFirst should be required to live under the #VA #SinglePayer model & allowed to DIE IN LINE.
#CongressFirst - Laws that will significantly affect all those in US Should be FORCED upon Congress for 8 years before being implmented.

Well I would be in the 'patient' category, and I STRONGLY DISAGREE!
Economists most certainly do not agree.
Not all patients, doctors, and economists agree. 

But thanks for playing.
Lies
Bullshit!
no, they do not. and it is not your job to do it either. #how were you allowed to represent Americans? so now outright #lying is the deal?
I don't currently have health insurance, & I can tell you that I DO NOT want government run healthcare! It's a ploy for more control!  
Medicare is already broke, no money. So how do you add 300 million more to an already broke system.
Except it will be rationed, inefficient, and have lengthy wait periods...other than that it will be super 
Funny how I don't see all those people speaking out for it. Broad statements like that should not be easily disputed if they were true.
No, they dont!
..agree, but Democrats need to publish and promote credible *economic* studies that support it..
Really? Rand Paul who is a physician does not agree. https://mobile.twitter.com/YALiberty/status/904826540906745857/video/1 …
Where do you come up with the TRILLIONS ended to pay for it? I want the list your speaking of! Do you make this stuff up as you go??
Americans First
You better get some more doctors holmes! I'm on that welfare shit and can't find a one!
Baloney.
Where is the list of all of the doctors who agree?  Is that 100% agreement?
That's not a true statement. Did you use the same polling tools that predicted Hillary would be President?
Thank you for supporting Bernie
Free market healthcare has done nothing but inflate costs and create a world where only those with money have the right to health.
Where's the money coming from to pay all those bills? The magic money from the American feel-good genie?
So economists favor U.S. bankruptcy / imporverishment ??  ....But wait a minute "quality/efficient" gov-run healthcare.... 
"Quality" "efficient" yeah right, keep dreaming
It's not a dream it's called real life in every other major country.
Will you be participating or will you be exempt and have private insurance?
Medicare is rampant with waste and fraud! https://twitter.com/cinderpugs/status/903424210218844160 …
I've been in the industry for 20 years. Whoever agrees with this is an idiot.
NO WAY NO MORE HANDOUTS
Nooooo they don't.
That's where you're wrong, kiddo
No they dont agree, we cant afford obamacare so u double down,how stupid is that
Funny, I know multiple doctors and patients who dread the coming of #MedicareForAll
This is a complete and utter lie.
The why are so many doctors quitting because they can't afford Medicare's slashed reimbursement rates?
What an asinine statement. We have #MedicareForAll on a small scale. It's called the VA system and it is embarrassingly poor. Which doctors?
This is not true.
It's the only way to ensure a Republican President for years to come. Thank you!
