Meanwhile, my elderly mother on Medicaid overdrew her bank account yesterday to pay for a $400 antibiotic. Are we great again yet guys?#maga
You are what is wrong with America. My mother is in the same boat. I pay out of pocket 1600 a month for her alone. Not everyone can afford
I wish you and yours the best, sir.
My mother is terminal. Her medication is 19k a month to keep her alive for a possible transplant. Her insurance does not cover it all.
Thy tend not to use that money wisely.  We didn't trust the govt. until it promised free stuff. remember?
I don't trust them much.There is a common ground. The fighting across isles is killing people literally.  We have to unite on this.
You're a communist parasite feeding off the the poor to line your own pockets, you have 3 houses & a wife under FBI investigation #MAGA
And regardless of his income or wealth @SenSanders track record stands that he works for the people, unlike most of Congress.
another rich guy crying foul while taking advantage of the tax system himself
More like paying all that is required, and objecting to getting tax cuts for himself.
so rich people are entitled you their tax deductions? Thanks. My point too.
Can anyone translate this tweet for me? Was mildly interested until Brandon started speaking in code
If anything, @SenSanders is advocating that rich people (like himself @bfrankusmc?) should not get tax cuts. This is leading by example.
years of public service sitting quiet but let's take him serious now
I sure do Mr Sanders. Across the board.  Wealthy will use their capital to buy cars, boats, planes and homes. Working class will build them.
That's how capitalism works sir. Or we can continue the current path of generational welfare.  No incentive. No drive to achieve.  No pride.
At a time when the wealthiest are seeing the highest returns and more wealth than they ever have where are the good paying jobs? your
solution is lets make them even wealthier and it will trickle down. It didn't work in the 30s it won't work now. Even if they make things in
the US they still aren't paying fair wages. min wage is 7.25$ an hour and Trump has said that's too high of a wage. Most assembly workers
are making 12$ an hour if they're lucky, but I'm sure you don't support raising the min wage either. even if they get rid of all taxes what
incentive will they have to give up that profit and pay people livable wages if they aren't required and everybody is already working for
less bc thats all they can get. Bernie promtes capitalism, it just should be fair and these companies need to give back. eventually all work
Things that make you go hmmmmmmmmm....
Do you really think a man with three homes should continue the pretense of being the champion of the poor?
How convenient that poverty can only be championed by the impoverished. I'm sure lots of poor people can afford our pay-to-play politics.
How Three Card Monte for the Senator to harp on the wealth of others ... mind the Queen of Hearts! Is it the center card?
Yeah, yeah, we already heard. Only the mute can speak on their behalf.
And theyre funding this
Senator Sanders is a very brave man, fighting against the primitive politics of the #republican, politics against the American people
Boy, did you get played. Sanders is the biggest phony in public service.
To disagree is part of the discussion. I support Sanders, period.
Disagreement is ok. Sanders never offers constructive solutions. He just bitches. Total phony.
You're perfectly describing @realDonaldTrump (in the real world of facts)
Yeah...Trump has put forth many proposals, signed many Executive orders..taken action on many fronts.  Bernie bitches. His minions salivate.
Delusion... executive order that do nothing ... Trump is the king of bitching others, & proposition that goes nowhere
how about we stuop giving money to the welfare sucking trash of society that wants it all for n othing Bernie? earn it like the rest of us
All of our taxes are paying for these programs... I don't know if you've seen my fridge compared to a family on welfares but they have more!
...and I make middle class income. So, tell me why poor folk deserve more than me when I earn more?
get over it Rosco, someday you may need help, thank goodness you haven't gone there, yet.
Do you understand even the most simple economic principles? I will never ask for a handout... it's reserved for the weak of mind.
Stop bernie !!! Wait and see

Way to go Bern!! Still blows my mind that people defend the mega rich. Ignorance is all it is good sir. Keep it up.
I'm not saying he don't have money but how the hell could he do anything in a capitalist country without it? He would never be heard broke!
I agree 100%. I have yet to see a broke representative of any kind. But yes your correct. Sad really.
koch brothers supported Hillary. How's your $180k car treating you bernie?
Hey Bernie, how's that Clinton campaign funded vacation house coming along??
Cut all the programs. 49 million on food stamps? Shameful! 50 million on housing assistance? Ridiculous! Cut them off.
Senator, your math needs work. LOTS of work
They employ people. Yes
Bernie how much of your wealth you share with the poor? Why did you buy a new house? Live with poor & show your truthfulness!
Proof? Or just more fake news?
I think it makes sense to cut inefficient programs and give everyone a tax break. Less government!
You are funny 
You want to keep American from working you want to put us slams and keep us there
Do you think it makes sense to harass the man and never actually let him answer your senile questions?
@stevenmnuchin1 doesn't give a rats ass about working family. As long as the Koch brothers are happy that's all that matters.
Our government is broken... we need to take our democracy back. Big Business has no place in government
Oh BS. Where does the Constitution enumerate Fed govt to run healthcare, and force me to pay somebody else's healthcare & education??
Why aren't you speaking up against violent rhetoric, comedians Kathy Griffin, Central Park's idiotic Shakespeare & Deep State???
Every time I see your posts, I grieve that you are not our president. 
He is one of the top beneficiaries, he will not be honest.
I absolutely cannot believe how stupid you truly think your followers are.
of course he does Bernie, he gives not one care about anyone but himself getting richer
Cutting cost is what businesses do to the fullest extent permissible by law and often beyond. first step: let's take money out politics
Why did @stevenmnuchin1 donate $2000 to @SenKamalaHarris after she declined to prosecute #OneWestBank
Or is it about  Steven Munchkin's own tax break?
Fight for us, Bernie! Thank you & God bless!
Sad but not surprising that @stevenmnuchin1 continues to ride the waive of the privileged at the expense of the working class n their fams.
heck, to #45 and his Cabinet and their kids . . .o
Seriously... You class division tactics are tired.  Be honest for once Bernard.
Mr. Senator you have an energy and a passion 4 things you like or NOT that I love! I want 2 be like u when I grow up! Standing up 4 families
Well, I dont know Bern..if you had stood up to Barack & Hil i might want your thoughts..
No. Investment income is income, subject to income taxes. need infrastructure, schools, workforce training, healthcare, aged care, defense
Somehow I feel like you mean; cut entitlement and give tax cuts to #workingmiddleclass. Works for me. #MAGA
@MarkRuffalo @stevenmnuchin1 Unfortunately does make sense to the ones doing it. We are nothing but "useless eaters" to them.
They are Americans also...so should we continue to 'rape' America by spending more than we have, passing the debt to our families? No.
#MAGA
Just saw "The Founder " movie. Never will I ever step into a #McDonalds ever again. #basedonatruestory #cheater
The Koch Brothers?  I'd rather they made a billion dollars than a nickel enter this country under cover of George Soros, your buddy!
$10 million you lost might help!
Wow we are back to bashing the Koch brothers what ran out of things to sayp
Solaris Free, safe, unlimited, costs less than gas, not explode, not poison, power every home 100%U earn $
#HAToldYouSoDNC
Considering they are the job CREATORS, YES!#draintheswamp
How about George Soros's kids?
What about the tax money towards your HouseS?
As a working class American, yes I do.  Don't know how you relate to us anyway, with your big  houses and millions in the bank.
Taxation is theft. That's why sanders only pays 13%
Yes it does. Why do you want to punish people for making money Comrade Sanders.
Working families buy their own insurance, not looking for the handouts.
The billionaires are the enemy within.
Americans need to wake up! You are slaves to the rich - and ignorant of it. Corporate welfare is biggest tax we pay!  #SinglePayer
Oh more BS BS. We are not stupid. Stop with the untruths.
Blame the voters who got suckered into voting for Trump. Some people learn the hard way
Funny how you don't mention leftist Billionaires in your phony diatribe. Wonder why that is?
Covering to Governments tab is not a good incentive to become successful
But wait they support Bernie don't they then they need the money
Take a nap Bernie.  You're a fake
IKR? Like, they could buy THREE houses??
Yes
You traffic in lies and bullshit. You have zero credibility with thinking people. #PhonySocialist  #LiberalHack
Bernie shhh how much u getting from Soros just as bad
I'm sure he would say yes. It serves his interests.. #corrupt
Please go sit down. We don't need anymore distractions.
This wichitan doesn't think so either.
No but I pledge to look away
Bernie you seem to forget you have been OVER TAXING people then WASTING government funds to the point that 60% of your spending is waste
I don't want a government program. America needs jobs!!!
No I don't. Thank you for fighting for us Sen Sanders.
NO!
Koch brothers that's all a liberal has. What about billionaire liberals won't they get a tax break as well?
More earthly people on your side my friend. I hear you have a few houses and are a bonafide millionaire. Did Hillary pay you off?
We need a united Democratic Party to fight all these issues successfully Otherwise it's just words !!
NO!
They've only for themselves. I don't agree, why didn't the people votes count? I'm sure we wouldn't be in such a mess,
Is that working illegals Chucky Cheese
I can't believe working class Americans voted for this. Are they CRAZY?? Why in the world any working class person would vote R is beyond me
In trump land it does.
When did they change the spelling of Koch to T R U M P?
Please stipulate as to what you are Tweeting about.
NO!
Special interests get special perks. Congress has been bought for a long time now.
Hell NO!
we all know people like Mr Mnuchin and his like don't care about working class people.
Do you really think it's OK to tax people twice on the same dollar? If so you're a sleazy crook
If the poor and disadvantaged continue to be left out, maybe one day they will just TAKE what they need. Is that the future we want?
Look through a bigger window and get your tongue off the glass !!!
& 45's children. Let's not forget how tough they have it! #ProfitingfromthePresidencyAgain @POTUS @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @realDonaldTrump
He thinks it's fair. The 1% have suffered long enough. Fair: All the benefits, no obligations + servitude and adulation.
Our media does. It's called REAGANOMICS
They can't attack the argument, so they go after the straw man instead. Classic. 
Clearly the Senator is a religious bigot. We shouldn't allow this hypocrite to continue to spew his hateful rhetoric. He should resign.
I am sure like you they wouldn't take it all.
.If you're a Republican and Koch funds you....of course! YES! makes perfect sense!
Yes!
NO!
BEENIE here is our answer as we as americans see it. NO THOSE GARGANTUAN TAX CUTS FOR BIG MONIED CORP AND INDIVIDUALS  MAKE NO SENSE TO US.
But, but, trickle-down; didn't work with Reagan, but let's play the rerun

Bernie, Bernie, Bernie...
Hell no , they r going to be shown that next yr when voting time comes around these days not forgotten
The folks that live at or below the poverty line should be getting tax breaks. The poor not the wealthy.
Hey! Where's that $10 MILLION DOLLARS THAT DISAPPEARED From your campaign??????
Dear Christians viciously attacking President Trump&his family. You Christians who are FILLED w/hate may I suggest actually READING UR Bible
That is a false statement!!!!!
Estate tax should be illegal, lower tax creates more jobs & more tax revenue, check history
If you think a lower corp tax & elim of estate tax is only lining pockets of the rich its only cause youve never earned an honest $
Do you really think it makes sense to attack religious people for the basic tenets of their religion, Bernie? Also you own three houses
Whats the context for this?
Why yes he does.  It lines his pockets!
Once the incentive to achieve in the United States is taken away, the economy will collapse. (socialism)
Nothing this administration is trying to do to health insurance, education or tax "reform" makes sense to anyone but fools or beneficiaries.
You must be one of their kids then
Time for the retirement home you scatterbrained old socialist
Yes he does because NOTHING matters but to make 1% even more wealthy. GOP doesn't have one policy that slightly tilts to 99%
Thank you @SenSanders Again, speaking the thoughts and feelings of SO MANY Americans.
#TyranTrump DOES NOT represent US all
#NotMyPresident
@SenToddYoung @SenDonnelly @ToddRokita Constituent that will be affected, what's your thoughts this question? Doubt anyone will answer.
No
Here's a challenge for you @SenSanders. Go one day without tweeting the word "Koch". By the way, loved you in "Curb Your Enthusiasm"
Bernie, you're getting senile.  Those who pay the taxes are those who should get the cuts.  If some pay no taxes, then no cuts for them.
Yeah you would think not.
He doesn't think, Senator.
WH and republican congress only care about the rich
Oh those Koch Bro's & their kids. #SAD
They must be feelin the Bern.
socialism makes sense to you STHU
Sadly that question while 100% valid is likely rhetorical.
Do you really think it's fair to pay a senator $800,000 for a book deal about his life as a public servant.
I'm surely not rich.. but cutting these programs surely help me as well
Do you really think it's right to redistribute someone's money regardless of what they have earned or not earned?
Yes, poor Munchkin. His finest hour was in 1939 with Judy Garland. It's been downhill ever since.
Your claims are always extreme and therefore ridiculous. Small minded politician. Yep
whats so extreme about what he asked?
NO.
Give it up!
Sorry wrong tweeter stream.
Sure it does ask republicans & most democrats who R only worried about electetions, I call them party of wind (change path 4 self interest).
@POTUS  @realDonaldTrump   Bernie is spot on again!!
Lies, lies

Yes
Bernie give them your money!
Definitely not, but this administration is all about rich people...
Oh shut up Bernie! You have lost all credibility!
#theyhateusforourfreedoms
Socialist bah
Did you think of this from one of your three massive mansions?
Koch brothers kids matter too...............golden spoons are expensive
you should probably start paying your share of taxes before you criticize the breaks you capitalize on.
We can thank #kamalaharris for him being in the white house
Yes Bernie, these Rich A-HOLES truly believe that taking our Health care or cutting programs 4thePoor MakeSense
Yes - to a sociopath, it makes sense to do so.
The foreclosure king can only make sense out of making himself richer and the wealth of the 1% more robust.
Money really is the root of all evil. It's what makes the wheels on the bus go round and round. Come up with a better system.
Funny u, and Ilk mention Koch with some infatuation but fail to mention Soros ever. Don't bite the hand that feeds u maybe?  Probably.
Sanders? A not very bright loudmouth harping since his unemployed youth.
do you reallly think it makes sense to have 3 homes when we have homeless Veterans in USA? you are a hypocrit!
Yes .... he does. Next question.
You don't know what a real working family is. Just shut up!
Your a 1% now so how do you like tax breaks
No. What goes around comes around! Hell hath no fury...than hungry people that can't feed and clothe their children or send them to college.
What about the scandal your wife created while running Burlington College? She's under FBI investigation for bank fraud. Comment Bernie?
I'm all for helping the poor, but the rich. Last I looked, I'm at the grind 80hrs a week so I'm too well off for help #middleclasspays
