
The vast majority of terrorism in America is right wing anti-govt attacks http://csgv.org/issues/guns-democracy-freedo/insurrectionism-timeline/ …

As I noted in my link, it is statistically proven that right wing, anti-govt terrorism is by far the worst of any group in America
http://www.tomatobubble.com/left_wing_terror.html …

As I noted in my link, it is statistically proven that right wing, anti-govt terrorism is by FAR the worst of any group in America
Your link has all the credibility of an anti-pesticide monograph written by a boll weevil
#Republicare is the least popular healthcare bill for a reason, it sucks. Medicare For All is the most popular for a reason 2!
We don't want government medicine.  Medicare loses $4 for every $1 insurance companies earn.  Government is a mess.
YOU may enjoy paying twice as much for half as much, but as the graph shows most Americans have more sense than that. #Medicare
My point is that Medicare is extraordinarily expensive and extraordinarily incompetent.
There are a variety of reasons for the costs, particularly bc it covers old folks and the greedy drug companies are allowed to profiteer
Did you see where the socialized medicine system in UK is going to kill baby Charlie Gard tomorrow?
BS
Is that the same reason the @TheDemocrats didn't allow #Obamacare to be viewed by the public either?  We now know:
#OBAMACARE'S A DISASTER
The ACA is based on a plan by the conservative Heritage Institute to preserve for-profit health insurance. Medicare For All is the best plan
Single payer under Medicare sounds great; but for the long lines, long wait and reduced care.
Many Canadians come to the US for urgent care.
That's a myth. The only waits in other developed nations are for elected procedures. But in the US 30 million have no access to anything
For too many years, our leaders have given free benefits to non-citizens; including H'Care.  That practice will stop under this @POTUS
That's another topic all together. My point stands though, the US spends nearly double per person what other countries do better.
Like the one it is replacing
Twitter?!
No it's because the violent left can't intelligently discuss it  all they do is obstruct no matter the subject
That was the same reason that the Dem's did not go Public with Obamacare.  Both parties are the same and controlled by Wall Street
Hi I'm
What bill isn't disastrous these days, maybe more people influence and less lobbyist. I mean aren't you guys reading what is being said on
More and more insurance companies getting out of Obumbler care. Yeah, that is a real success.
No it's because you are an obstructionist and would rather see people die than get a health bill that helps everyone
Right, whereas obamacare you had to pass it to find out what was in it & then we found lie, after lie, after lie @TEN_GOP @potus
Seguro
Nothing like demonizing something you don't know anything about.  They have to pass it so they can let you know what is in it.
Auditioning for SNL Bernie?
I strongly suspect that the proposed legislation is being written in secret by the cartel of health insurance & pharmaceutical corporations.
The instant it's approved, details flood the market and insanity and lethal corporate predation are rejected by millions at polls in 2018.
Then won't you guys help them out
Can't be worse than obumercare
i thought no one has seen it....-_-
Fear-mongering and lies.  You haven't seen it yet so how do you know?  Just like you didn't read the ACA b4 voting for it.
Just like affordable care act. "Vote for it to see what's in it" sound familiar? Wrong on both sides!
So easy for them to endorse the bill when it won't affect them.
Coming from a guy who voted for Obama care, that's pretty funny. Your plan was an epic disaster
It's also "mean"! @realDonaldTrump
Nope, it's because you're going to lie about it anyway.
What are YOU gonna do about it -tweet tweet tweet?
Well Bernie, I guess you'll just have to pass it to find out what's in it. But you're used to that so no big deal. #phonysocialist
How do you know if you haven't seen it? You're the biggest phony in politics. #phonysocialist #liberalhack
You must be thinking of Obamacare
No that was your bill OBOMBa boom boom care. Disaster of incompetence
You must not let this pass

Then for God's sake do something.  Your a leader.Get with the medical people. Get a program.,
Can't be worse than the ACA.
Hi call me
So was Obamacare!  Very disastrous!
Would this AHCA bill force people to give up property & bank accounts and move into institutions if their conditions are chronic?
that didn't seem to stop the Dems with Obamacare!
And the current plan is falling apart at the seams
can't be worse for millions of Americans than that disaster #Obamacare.
Ya think?
YOU are Disastrous! Annihilate the Democrats!
Nope they just want all of you to bitch a moan so they can point out your hypocrisy for when you blindly supported O care
The real reason is becuase they are wussies
Doesn't matter what's in it, the Dems will obstruct so why bother including you. It could guarantee 100% coverage and you'd still vote no.
You haven't seen it! You have no idea what it says! You just spit out BS hate! Thats all you got! BULL SHIT!
Like urs way?  How about government get the hell out of healthcare. You bankrupt everything you touch.
@HuffPost @politico If you don't know what's likely to be the final version, how would you know it's a disaster?
Like ACA Got to Pass It Before You Can Read it !
Like Obamacare did you egregious boob?
You're just basing that on the Democrat's experience.
OMG Bernie Hypocrite that's not the reason, its because they want to make sure they READ it before they pass it. Try it you'll like it
How do you know if you haven't seen it.
Talk about lies and politicians
Can we really know that before we can see it! I mean… I might surmise it from historical offerings… but still… can we really know? #health
We know! We need citizens at their doors!
Are you trying the scare tooic
Unfortunately letting obamacare implode isn't a solution Bernie.  Maybe if you losers would come to the table and work together vs politics
If it's secret, how do you know it is disastrous.  We have to pass it to know what's in it.  Remember?
You Liberals are becoming unhinged at the thought of not getting your liberal agenda attached to the new Health Care Bill
What the hell does this old man think O'sCuckcare did2families.Lost docs,lost ins.,outrageousdeductibles&co-pays.Lies,Lies&moreLies fromLEFT
How do you know that you're crystal ball told you that. Did the crystal ball tell you. You would be President it was wrong.
yep
That's the only conclusion possible and who knows what's in it. This isn't how we do business in this country. You'd the Repubs know this.
Not true little buddy, please at least try and be honest.
No
Like Obamacare? "Want your Doctor, keep your Doctor."? Get a brain! You're pathetic!
Agreed, it's so scary
If we do nothing Obamacare will implode. Is that what you want? The only people who benefit from it are getting it free or subsidized.
Its likely better than the things your supporters have brought public of late #OregonStabbing #RealityWinner #ScaliseShooting
We should just pass it so we can read it later like AHA
You are likely spot on. Where is your solution beyond a simple let's all get healthcare?  Deal in details then talk Bernie. Good grief.
Exactly!
Since you apparently know what is in it to know what a disaster it is, how about telling us what is in it,
Sins
Bernie the Leaker. If it's such a secret how can you and your pals run around the country telling people about a bill that doesn't exist.
Damn straight!
I hate you! But the world has to realize single payer is coming. If it's not now it will be within 4 years. Might as well just accept it
But you are going on Facebook and tell toyur lemmings how it works? Remember they have to pass it to know what's in it, OH! that's dem'S
POlitical hacks like Bernie Slanders a real current and present danger to America
But YOU said nobody knows what's in it.. you can't have it both ways..
You are a liar Obamacare was the disaster that you couldn't even read it until you passed it! Wake up America!
Bernie, if you had actually worked to elect Hillary we wouldn't be going through this drama! #Backstabber
Yeah we know repubs suck on this issue  and when u had supermajority u gave us Obama care not public option
Says the man who talks a lot but does nothing but get in the way #WalkYourTalk #TalkYourWalk or Get OUT of the Game.
Can it really be worst then Obamacare??  Bernie did you read the Obamacare bill??  My health insurance more then doubled in Obamas 8 yrs
It's disgusting that legislation that will adversely effect millions of Americans is being plotted in secret. America?
This needs to stop we saw this with @TheDemocrats & #TPP Both parties are infested with #Criminals #liars and #Pedophiles
Yes, and they are cowards. Counting on you guys to #resist
that's all u got? The senate is filled w bunch of old men that r blow hards w nothing 2 give & I mean nothing - go home get out
Truth
The GOP leaders do not want rest of the senators to get bombarded by calls, which may change their vote. Let them deal with fall out later
Sounds like Obama Care.
And 'opportunically egotistic trump' motivated ... boy is your President a loser!
You haven't even reviewed it! How do you know this? #ResistSucks
Shout it out to every possible means of getting it on the air, on the ground, in people's minds!! Learn from Trump how to USE the media.
Oh go away Bernie, it's time for u to retire, why r u so hateful when anyone doesn't agree w/u? Don't be a crap stirrer,it's not becoming
Stop drinking #BernieTheBum
It's a tax cut for millionaires, not a healthcare plan.
The Republicans have a plan? Awww, so cute. I can't wait to see it. I'll hold my breath.
This is like deja vu! Same was said about Obamacare. Conclusion: government run healthcare is a disaster. Regardless of where it comes from.
Still better than universal, socialism.
I'm sure it is!!
That's obvious. Every thing they do these days is steal from the poor, give to the rich tickle down lies.
@johncusack @SenSanders it's got to be better than Obamacare
What happens when states (Kansas) opt out of Medicaid Expansion or when Repubs cut coverage? It's costing me $439. per month, that's what.
IF its an altRight neoNazi or neoliberal inspired plan its aim will be weed out poor & disabled to purify the race. I.e. to let people die.
With/o Medicaid Expansion in Kansas, I'm disabled & it costs me $5,274.70 per year to pick up the cost. Repubs cutting it = Good luck people
Shut up!!!!  No one cares what you think, you were bought out by Hitlary!!!!!
Obama care is the disaster.
I'm Disabled (53yo) - I was sued + court cost for a med bill that the Medicaid portion doesn't cover due to no expansion program in Kansas.
Stop the HATE please
It is designed to cause the deaths of as many Amers as possible to decrease drain on SS leaving billions to be stolen by 1%
Where is all the #Russia #collusion bleating we've been hearing nonstop for six months?
Exactly!!! If it were great, they would be booked on every program
like Obamacare
Save American lives, Senator!
Will create jobs cemeteries, hospitals doctors morgues. Card shops flower shops see some good as we die.
if it was good they would be taunting it in front of everyone , we know that
Safe assumption at this point. They want to rush it through before outcry begins, pressure mounts... Trump's latest scandal distracts press
Oh you're referring to the democrat passage of the ACA.  Right?  Thats how they did it
Really? Passage of O'care took over a year...  Senate debated legislation for the longest markup in over 20 years
Why don't Democrats accept their defeat and let Trump focus on making America great again?!

@realDonaldTrump

Ding, ding, ding! #VoteThemOut #SwingLeft #FromRedToBlue
now you are sounding like a politician. shame. you'd rather chat on tv than work for us on bill designed to be worked on by both sides. Booo
The reason is because Republicans don't have a plan better then ACA because the ACA it's all they had.
Whatever health care plan the GOP has is better than the no insurance and a penalty I have to pay now. Nothing is worse than that.
I can't even use my new 2017 plan. I have to pay almost half the freakin bill if I do. Wife used it one time. Charge or 1300 something.
Yes, I had a choice between 50% coinsurance or a $5,000 deductible, If I can't afford the copay why bother?
I am on your side Bernie.  I think we should continue with Obamacare until it flushes itself down the toilet
Bernie did Warren let you take a hit off the peace pipe. Dems have selective memory. Get real!!!!
Hey Bernie stop the Bullship, I remembered well when Pelosi said let's get this bill signed so we know what's in it. you forgot, I didn't
Like Obamacare that Nancy Pelosi said we need 2sign the bill BEFORE we read it REALLY SANDERS WE AREN'T STUPID WE KNOW THE GAME YOUR PLAYING
If you haven't seen it how do you know if it's bad or good.
Almost disastrous as dems bill
Healthcare is not a right!
Call for a revolution then Bernie!! Instigating SOB
Like the Dems did with O'care? You have to pass it to see what's in it.
vote no on the health bill , if the GOP want a yes vote NO.
No doubt in my mind bout that @SenSanders
Washington is 2 busy financing wars insd of providing decent healthcare for its people. If a person wants to b POTUS change this
You are are a disaster!
One of best discussion on #Healthcare I've heard in while. Won't see this on @CNN @MSNBC @amjoyshow @FoxNews . #AFutureToFightFor
And us dems throw such a hissy fit when we don't like what we hear!
Religous bigot
Hey Bernie, are your campaign volunteers on a terrorist watch list yet? They should probably be banned from firearm purchases for the next 7
Yeah, everyone who hates Trump is a terrorist. Get a brain.
If you don't know what it is, how can you say it's a disaster?
Bernie we would love to see you show the constitutional authority giving the federal government the right to be involved in health care.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGfvN2K8Pvw … Remember this Mr. 1%
@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOPoversight @GOPLeader TO ALL REPUBLICANS: EVERYONE OF YOU-GET OUT inTHE MEDIA & SHUT DOWN DEMS LIES. NOW.
Please stop the lies!!!!!!
Agree
It can't possibly be worse than Obama care.
Don't let them off the hook! Open hearings!! #NoTrumpCare
Ever ready with a firm grasp of the obvious.
"The distinctive feature of these bleak times is lack of institutional capacity on the left, the absence of a political party" @CornelWest
If its on the up and up, why are they using a #backChannel to try to put the plan together? Open the door. Have the hearing.
"You have to pass it to see what's in it." Nancy Pelosi says about Obamacare.
Obamacare is not the topic of discussion. Why do people always try to change the subject?
No hearing on Obamacare either. So by your logic O'care wasn't on the up and up either. O'care is still in effect and relevant. #Hypocrite
Do try to stay on topic. Again...the adults are discussing whats being done with the current adminustration.
The current admin is dealing with a failing O'care. The elephant is still in the room even though 44 is gone.
Lol. "Failing Obamacare" is a statement based on propaganda. The "failing" part is GOP &insurance companies rejecting universal health care
Wow. The deflection is rampant. I guess thats hiw it was so easy for Russia to exact confusion into the minds of voters. #AmericanVoter
