US Pres. Donald Trump warns North Korea, says they could face "fire and fury like the world has never seen." http://cnn.it/2uoeQEC  
We need serious people at the @StateDept dealing with the issue of North Korea’s development of nuclear weapons & missile capability.
Our job is to work with China and our allies in the region & around the world on a comprehensive diplomatic strategy to address the problem.
Would you have him run like a dog? It is called being a leader. But I understand, since you voted for Obama!
Haven't you heard? No one wins a nuclear war
Didn't we win with an atomic bomb 
That wasn't a nuclear war, it was a conventional war that ended with two Atomic bombs.
Is there such a thing as conventional war today?
Conventional war is defined as a conflict between two states using conventional weapons and tactics. Since WWII, not really.
What would you rather have him do like obumer? Bend over and say " let me have it again!" Like he did for 8 years?! President Trump hasballs
Trump is a Maniac unhinged lunatic , STOP TRUMP
Damn girl, Hillary was no better. The USA is blowing up the middle east, as SOS she destroyed Libya. She was pushingfor war with Russia.
Bs!
U look like u have a good. Democrats r pushing Trump fear because they won't support anticorporate policy. We need money out of politics.
Democrats r pushing really hard, that is the party, for min wage of $15 in 2024. WTH? Corporate sponsored & bought. Bill did that 4 .
?
If he's going to start a war, his own kids should be in the front line.
NO WE NEED TO PUT HIM IN THE FRONT LINE WITH THAT ORANGE HAIR. PERFECT TARGET !!!!!  #impeachtrump
She's a Preacher now. Go figure.
I PROUDLY VOTED FOR HILLARY AND WOULD DO IT ALL OVER AGAIN !! The one reason this dirtbag won @realDonaldTrump was because he cheated!!
Where were you when Clinton & Obama gave NK and Iran nuclear capability? Where were you when they pussy footed around &!let the expand it?
How do we stop him from being so ignorant and reckless? A muzzle?? Before he gets us all killed...
You should have started 8 years ago.
History tells us others did the same...Clinton for one but that was cool because he was a democratic?
Maybe we should just send Kim to Vermont and vacation with you. You can sing Kumbaya together.
Bernie please help us  I have kids and 6 grandkids and this causes me a lot of anxiety
And you playing politics is less appropriate.
Right?  This is why you don't give babies loaded guns. Well, I guess there are other reasons...

He is too feeble minded to even understand the gravity of the words he spewed out of his ignorant mouth! 
What does anybody put them on a leash and time in the basement embarrasses our country does not think before he speaks has the diplomacy
Of a rat and yet we are not allowed to duct tape his mouth please someone shut him up before we're in World War 3 and nobody will back us
Sorry about the grammar errors I need to check my tweets before I send them out
I absolutely agree.
Didn't a certain President make bold claims before regarding nuclear war... hmm oh yea, John Kennedy! Grow up, bum. You stole millions
Except he was right North Korea sat down and ate crow on a national day of pride sometimes you have to stand up to a bully
Is anyone advising him that these kind of statements are not appropriate from the US. We know NK leaders are insane. Crazy & frightening
Should @realDonaldTrump send him some roses or maybe a cupcake instead?
Sure. Let's just keep letting North Korea give us reach around while they're banging us. It's worked so well up until this point
Was it appropriate when Clinton did it? Oh hey isn't your wife under investigation&about to go to jail,maybe that should be your concern now
Bernie, You’re old and have dementia. Disappear and take that crayon-eating hag Pelosi with you. “I think President Trump deserves big credit for bringing about the inter-Korean talks, and I want to show my gratitude,” said South Korea’s president, Moon Jae-in.
Total lack of wisdom. Speak softly and carry big stick
Congress is in a position to stop him.
They should've stopped BC from giving them nuclear reactors and a metric ton of money in the hopes they would be nice til his term was over
The intercontinental ballistic missile nkorea has would be  blasted out of the sky by Japan 
http://www.hookelenews.com/success-u-s-japan-conduct-intercept-test/ …
thank you for this.  US seldom gets news from abroad  Guess its too hard to control.
This president must be impeached, he is going to end the world  and all humanity
Putting guns in the hands of the mentally ill pales next to electing a mentally ill person POTUS.
Yeah...all the while he and Kimwhat's his name are down in their comfy bunkers, snackingwhile everyoneelse gets all blowwed up
It's the progressive rhetoric that put us in this situation, because of frauds like obama, clinton and YOU.
Looks like our great @POTUS got North Korea to stand down! That's what a great leader does!!! #RedLine
Let's see who put us in this situation if it wasn't u DEMS starting with Clinton failed policies and Obamas famous read lines, go POTUS
Let's just wait a while until these POS N Koreans are stronger .Get it over with nuke them until they glow in the dark for a thousand years
I think it is exactly what we need.
 Don is a terrible choice for the diplomatic handling of anything nuclear.
Or diplomacy at all
someone once referred to Don as a "Circus barker" and I see a likeness.
Yeaah. Sure. How do you know? In how many countries do you have hotels?
And how has that helped Trump in the past 7,5 months? In the hotel business I presume Money + brand name = power.
$+US=Superpower.
No Pres had ever so much resistance from Press and Congress and he is still doing great. 
The obstructionism is the problem
$: Trump didn't start with 0 money, and yet still filed bankruptcy 4 times.
You don´t even know what bankruptcy means, do you?
Trump distracts, diverts, deflects. This is his consistent strategy. He has no moral, no ethics, no values! Wake up USA!
You talking #Democrat Values now. Atta boy!!
If North Korea paid you enough I bet you would sell us out not turn the nuke warnings on and high tail it out of here as the bombs drop.
I think it worked fine NOKO backed off they knew it wasn't empty rhetoric per the usual
Just as dangerous as your lies to the neediest communities, your a Snake Oil Salesman !!!
It's sad when someone threatens the USA and we are too worried about our presidents verbiage than the actual threat against our lives.
Why don't you let President Trump do his job and you do yours. Remember, you couldn't even make the general election.
What's so civil 'bout war anyway?
if you tell a bully in school that you are going to beat him up. what do you think that bully is going to do...
65 million died in WWII because of 3 maniacs. None of them had nuclear weapons. Now we have 2 maniacs both with nuclear. Scary.
You don´t know much about nukes, do you?
Really? last 3 presidents ignored threat! Our last president gave Iran $ to assist them! Trumps bombastic rhetoric is exactly what we need!
He doesn't care. Even Graham said "... deaths over there..." are they mad?
For someone lacking prefrontal cortex.... it just doesn't CLICK! Uh.... nothing does!!
Every so often, when I'm bored, I read American tweets.  People actually support Trump. :o
Most of us do NOT support conman-in-chief and cannot fathom why anyone ever has supported that creep!
I'm pleased about that tweet.
Peace through strength
Where were you when HC was calling for ww3 with Russia over Syrian air space?
What has previous American Presidents done to stop Kim Jong-Un from continuing his nuclear programme?
Nothing
Just heard Trump say if Kim Jong-Un says another word he's getting it
Has he ANY control at all of himself? So scary! God bless, Andy
I don't believe he is out of control, Trump is allowing Kim Jong-Un to back him into a corner, on other hand, can he let him expand Nuclear?
That's possible Arennie
I don't want war either
No one does but, this guy can't go unchecked it just opens the door for the next guy or gal to push the envelope
The president is a colossal jackass. What does he actually think he's accomplishing?
Making progress.
You socialist liberal idiots started this mess. Bill Clinton/North Korea & Barack Hussein Obama/Iran. Key word: #Idiots

Yeah just think you could have had one of these jokers take the other jokers place. They would give him MORE Missiles.
And you were expecting he would respond wit intelligence?There both spoiled brats who never had to deal with LIFE!@Impeach_D_Trump
GEEZ!! Take Spelling 101 OK? Hurts my eyes.
Agreed.
I'd like you all to run for president. Making it sound easy but none of us understand cause we aren't in there dealing with it.
Someone needs to tell him to shut up
He's making your country a laughing stock Bernie...
Our "Leader" just stooped to the level of Kim Jong Un(balanced).   Un-believable.
NK wouldn't touch us the war would be over before it started
Whatever comforts u
Our nation's in desperate need of intelligent, powerful, experienced leaders & we have none thanks to you & your supporters petty behavior.
After diplomatic failure of 3 other admins, Bernie wants to counter nuclear threats from N.Korea with?  Hugs? Already strangled w/sanctions?
2We need @CNNnewsroom to confirm NK threatening US not #WH since they lie interesting we hear nothing on #Russia #moneylaunder #kush #Junior
Are you NUTS?  TALKING WILL NOT WORK WITH A PSYCO ! 
so ? kneel down and beg for peace is appropriare way?
They are smaller than Texas! You're "whimp ass, run and hide" strategies have failed! If we don't do something, folks will die!
Okay Bernie so what is he supposed to do just roll over like we've been doing the past 12 years?
Mr Sanders this DPRK hype seems to be just a distraction from major issues in America like health care, education, FBI investigations.
He loves the cover of the crisis so the Russian thing hits the back burner/ which is why I think he is ratcheting up the tension.
Congress has power to  prevent nuclear arsenal usage.
He is a danger to democracy and world peace.
Bernie-  Trump just wants NK to understand the consequences of their actions.  That's what real leaders do!!!!
Nkorea called trumps bluff, so what now?
@CNN empty threats!
He doesn't care about American lives
He cares about HIS American life!
Does he think this is a reality show that can be edited? Someone needs to get a strait-jacket and silence of the lambs mask and lock him up
This point and president apologized for strength and power and Leadership I question all of our government's integrity
Just shut up Bank Fraud Bernie !!
And you sure as hell know about bombastic rhetoric. #hypocrite
Feel the bern
That's what we are feeling.The MAGA Bern.So thanks Bernie, what was your plan beyond getting those transcripts?
It's not the warning given by President Trump but the manner of delivery.  Be Presidential
Your people had their chance and gave NOKO Nukes. PRESIDENT TRUMP will have to deal with your minions mistakes in Iran next.
How are those impeachment proceedings coming?
Just use the word "insanity"
Nothing Trump has done has had time to affect our economy he's riding on the wave of the Des things Obama did he's a moron
Bernie, stop him!
it is one nut case talking to the other. the man needs to be reigned in, quick. cnmi is near guam, it is my home.
North Korea count with a DETERRENT In bases to=Obama's&predecesor BELLIGERENCE +observation Regime change by US that NOT country can accept.
Shut up..who writes your stuff?
Bernie your anti-Christian rhetoric during Russell Vought's confirmation was sick. You are a snake and a wolf in sheep's clothing
I'm afraid that by the time the GOP gets their act together & helps to get Trump out of office. America will be nothing but a memory. Boom.
@xCandeey
I agree with you on being non violence,but this threat has been too damn long n we need to address it before Americans die by crazy dictator
Americans will die anyway, either by trumps stupidity or crazy dictator
WW3 is NOT a requirement for Jesus' second coming. Someone tell him that God doesn't need his help.
How much does this sound like the bully in the schoolyard he doesn't get his way? And we have laws about bullying.
Donald Trump is mentally ill....
It's perfect Bank Fraud Bernie your just used to a Pussy being in the WH.
You are so right! This man MUST be taken out of office. He's going to destroy our country!
Bernie their is a defiance coward and stupid and take care of shit democrats are coward   republican are stupid trump take car of shit
.@SenSanders
No, Obama's foreign pol vacuum was "not appropriate" when dealing with the actuality of an emerging rogue nation nuclear power
You would have already surrendered right?
This should never have happened. For the last 8 years it has been allowed to grow and fester with Kerry & Clinton
Really Burn. Tell us, when is enough enough?
Thank God you didn't win the presidency @SenSanders ! I'm sure you'd follow up there threat with some sort of apology from the US
he only apologizes to your mom after he's done.
hey how are those 2 followers coming along? 
When they send the bombs here that idiot will be gone
What do want him to do...kiss their ass like the Obama administration did?  Instead of fire and fury...run and hide?   tool bag @SenSanders
If Trump starts WWIII, we will be the Axis. If China would have the resolve we did in WWII, we will be done for! Pre-emptive is NOT defense!
Eight years when Obama was in office we felt safe now we have this Bully in and we are going to die!! Get him out!!!Get him out!!!
@SenSanders <-- Jackass, too cowardous to stand against tyrants. 
Oops. Forgot. Sanders is a socialist, so he believes tyranny is good.
Hopefully impeachment week will be soon.
you should hold your breath until it happens. Convince all your friends to do the same.
What do u know about appropriate? U sold out all your supporters to crooked Hillary even after u know the DNC stole all their $. Shame on u
https://twitter.com/IrisRimon/status/889141996329332737/photo/1pic.twitter.com/gJO5sqveoE 
Christ, use ANY source but CNN. The national enquirer is more credible than they are these days! and that's not setting the bar very high
Gosh, hadn't thought of this, Bernie!
That's what happened when a buffoon gets elected
Inform the lost
Millions of their people. They need to back down. They should know who the superpower is and who is a third world country
He has no business in a position to have nuclear codes or anything such. He has no clue or expertise in such matters.
Look at what experts have done to the Middle East. Look at what the CIA has done all over the world. Experts? Just tools for billionaires.
Bernie can you help me move in with my family in Canada?? North Korea is worrying me
Your right Bernie Sanders Republicans need to impeach Trump collusion with Russia Obstructed justice IMPEACH Trump
He's a bully.  It's all he knows.  It's time to remove him from office.  #saveamericaimpeachtrump
The problem we all need to know, who made North Korea & what corporations aided them? Don't think the real problem is @realDonaldTrump
Remember Nixon? His bombastic rhetoric scared the pants off the Russians back in he day. Mad man theory! 2017 reboot
Poor guy. Last good president we had. Damn hippies just hated his ability to lead.
Respect your president
I have no respect for misogynistic demagogues who are ruining this country ...so I'll have to pass on this piece of shit
I respect my country
And the democratic elections leading to his election ?
Sit down Bernie
Why not? All he really is doing is verbalizing MAD (Mutually Assured Destruction), a policy that has been in place for decades.
Get him the F*** Out then.... DO SOMETHING
Oh stop Bernie-they are threatening us. President Trump is doing what he needs to do to push back-Crooked Dems need to be fixing Healthcare.
...in the front lines. Chances are very high that there would never be wars in this planet again.
#NotInMyName
Honourable Senator Sanders,  you are absolutely right. The actual POTUS is not only a danger for the USA, but for the whole world.
Sorry Bern! Hugs, kisses and safety pins won't work w/ dictators Kim.
What wrong Bernie you can't handle a President that shows strengh and will not let Little Kim threaten the USA.
Does Bernie want us to cower from the threat of the little fat man? That's not how we have ever operated in America!
The result of saber rattling with icbms is effectively a  nuclear stalemate.
Then why did your party enable them? Being a stodgy leftist dipsh!t means apparently never admitting you're constantly wrong..
The wanker style of diplomatic overtones for 24 years has not worked. Times are changing buddy.
Is he planning to fart on them?
Just their daddy did during the Vietnam war.
I know, your not used to a POTUS with balls..... Im not used to it either! 
@realDonaldTrump isn't a good enough actor 4 this role he's a B actor trying to play in a high budget scene and he makes it look scripted
PresidentTrump premised duringELECTIONS that LOGIC was going to replace Obama's&predecesors foolishness&arrogance in Foreign Policy
@mattduss
Cause Clinton did such a good job with nk , and of course Obama also.  That is why we are here, stop your political rhetoric.
This is where TRUMP being in office,  gets really, really scary.Those around him have 2STOP being YES people & HAVE 2 START being NO people.
MR.PRESIDENT THANK YOU FIR PROTECTING ALL AMERICANS.
Especially millions of innocent people like the South Koreans. A nuclear war between US and NK would despite SK sitting in the middle.
Can we offer the Orange Menace to the Korean Menace as a peace offering?
Bernie come up with your own line your sister Feinstein already used that one.
What's wrong with defending ourselves and showing we are u afraid when a TYRANT wants to NUKE us? That's the prob with u Dems , no balls
Listen BS, U should be criticizing the Nut Case Dictator from NK before U criticize our @POTUS! Don't U or @CNN have better things to do 
His words are wrong, but military action is needed. NK won't listen or respond to anything but force. It's time to address the issue.
I think that there should be a law that is says that in case of war, the children of politicians should be among the first to go fight...
What's wrong @SenSanders, can't stand to see your fellow travelers get annihilated?
So DO something about it!!!
OBAMA IS A CRY BABY  
Notwithstanding the fact that no sane person would start nuclear war.  Who gave POTUS the right to speak for the whole world?
So invoke the 25th Amendment before it's too late.
Shut up old man
True.
Bernie, this is Hiroshima after bomb blast. KJU is threatening this to us. We're NOT kissing his @$$ or giving him cash like you would #MAGA
And we are not going to pay for rebuilding!
You mean save lives. Ignoring them for years was wrong. This is why it is good you lost.
Then you lay down & be walked all over. I'm quite thankful Trump, who I consider to be a dick, won't. Sometimes you have to take a stand!
We're not dealing with nuclear war. NK's nukes can't reach the US, and China won't let the US nuke NK, and @realDonaldTrump knows that.
Likely shot down by Japan before it reached us air space 
http://www.hookelenews.com/success-u-s-japan-conduct-intercept-test/ …
Exactly. Only solution would be for China to establish a new, more friendly, government in North Korea.
Possible, and could get the needed votes to pass the un
What do you recommend in the face of North Korea's actions and rhetoric?
So how many have to die in all these senseless wars?
Come on Bernie! Trumps rhetoric is no different that any past president.  Do you actually believe the  you tweet? #feelthebern #sellout
lets ignore the bombastic words from NK who now has a nuke aimed at us.  your obsession with Trump is clinical and dangerous
You'd rather he just send over a couple of pallets full of cash?
They have nukes, what are you going to do? Launch a few missiles at nkorea?
No.
When a bully threatens to hurt your little brother, you threaten worse if he does, not give him your lunch money if he promises not to.
Why are you comparing a nuclear weapon threat to a bully wanting your little brothers lunch money?

The scale is much more dire.
It's an analogy, not an equivalent comparison.
Your right, the equivalent comparison would be liking a shooting spree in a school vs a sarin gas attack on a school.
Nuclear kills everyone
Yeah like you Dems ask him please don't do this as he sends a nuke. So glad you are not POTUS
What would you do? Give them more money for further development?
Only this Orange Clown is ugly and dumber than the suave killers Obama, Clinton, Bush et al. Only nukes this time. Depleted Ura before (2/2)
Have you heard what Mattis said?  About North Korea. Wow. Americans in office are sick and dangerous.
This moment brought to you by 
SUCK IT. I WON AND THAT'S ALL THAT MATTERS!!!

(mush-a-boom cloud in the distance)

Chirp, chirp
Just remember that if the mushroom cloud is smaller than your thumb you are out of the fallout zone.
If you had any credibility left, you just flushed it down the toilet.
Correct! Does he not know that launching nuclear weapons would not just kill North Koreans but millions present and future?!
Yes our POTUS needs to take this seriously . But not through his f**king tweeter !
How do we put a cork in his mouth???
Perhaps if we had used this rhetoric 8 yrs ago we would not be in this situation.
Hillary give you the okay to tweet this? Just shut up until you are ready to stand up for yourself Bernie.
BOMBastic...I see what you did there.
It's time for our government to stop serving corporate serve America and Americans this is why we're at
This point in their beliefs of global government there has to be a leader in the world who is it China Korea Russia or America strength lead
