.@SenSanders no, they won't, but nice try at fearmongering
Congressional Budget Office claims 22 million lose coverage under Trumpcare. If you can't see the logic that this will kill thousands...
.@windlashed .@SenSanders obamacare is a sinking ship, if you can't see that...
I don't support Obamacare. Sanders doesn't either. Single payer option like every other civilized place on earth is the only logical option.
.@windlashed .@SenSanders ever heard of Charlie Gard? Prime example of what you get with "singlepayer system". Death panels
You must have a better idea genius?
.@kxx1975 .@windlashed .@SenSanders definitely better than an idea that has repeatedly failed 
Single payer is an overwhelming success in every first world country.
Bernie Sanders may not like it, but these are the facts. Over 300,000 American veterans died while waiting for care at the VA hospitals.
And?
And we have evidence of the deadly incompetence of the federal bureaucracy. The delusion of statism is more extreme than any other ideology.
How is that counter to what he said in any way....?
Bernie? He wants the federal govt to control even more of the system. But all evidence points to the Fed govt being inefficient and corrupt
What specifically? How are those in the government any more corrupt than those in business?
Bernie sells out to the big unions, so reforms never happen and public pensions stay fat. The FDA is corrupt b/c of big pharma lobby.
Big pharma lobby is private capital, not government. Unions are also not government.
The only ones stealing your money and threatening the lives of millions is Trump and his cronies, Mitch McConnell, Paul Ryan,  and the GOP!
They would rather end the lives of anyone not adding to their greedy ends.  Always follow the money!
see Trump followers "not see" these very obvious signs of them lining their pockets.  I'd like to know how much I vanka has already gotten.
Millions, most likely, she's as bad as the orange monster. No surprise there, she tries to talk a good lie.
You are so right about that
 I know that she got a $285 million deal for her company when she went with Daddy on the last overseas trip.
As I've said before, no one will escape death by avoiding passage of this or any other bill.
@SharylAttkisson with rhetoric like this, it's No wonder unhinged Dems are targeting GOP
Bernie supporters just want handouts get a job and pay for your own shit
Bernie, it is the ultimate voter suppression.
Yell you old goat what kind of healthcare do you have
Thank you Senator for using science to support your argument. Has the opposing argument also been supported by science or merely rhetoric?

.Yep it's me...@MinnieBellW <same>@Willis_Hubbard_ ... Let's do what we call a "FACT CHECK"  when it comes to "HEALTHCARE" for all Americans
part 2)With Republicans fighting so hard for the AFFORDABLE CARE ACT (ACA) to fail from the beginning, it's a "BLESSING" it made it this far
part 3) @GodsWordIsFree @NancyPelosi @BFostersbox @SenWarren @SuperckookLarry @bannerite @AP "HEALTHCARE IS A RIGHT"
part 4)With @TheDemocrats trying to obtain total dedication to building quality "HEALTHCARE" to all Americans, Republicans have made it hard
part 5) Sorry to say that TRUMP & his Administration doesn't want the "TEAMWORK" of both parties to make ACA better, putting the people 1st
part 6)  By emphasizing the fair principals in how to make HEALTHCARE better for everyone, no matter if you're RICH/MIDDLE CLASS/ or POOR,
part 7) we see Democrats continuously trying to improve the performance of ACA, where it will provide & secure the American ppl w/HEALTHCARE
part 8) The "GUIDING PRINCIPLES" of the 44th POTUS...Have a responsible POTUS character/ or behavior...treat ppl w/respect...fairness to all
One big lie. We are all gonna die sometime.
Did millions die before Obama care ....maybe 23 million won't be forced to buy what they don't want hmmmm
That's just an outright lie
Since when did FOXNews care about facts
Suck it up buttercup
Voters shld not forget that when @SenSanders chaired Veterans' Affairs Committee many helpless VETS died.  @VermontGOP @SenateGOP @LouDobbs
Bernie, I don't like Faux News, The ACA or you. Sell your multiple homes & go live in your socialist Venezuelan paradise.
Still spewing the Red scare tactics?
Aren't Republicans always accused of pushing Grandma's wheelchair off the cliff? Use a new scare tactic, Grandpa!
Thousands will die no matter what. This bill changes none of that
How?  There is no way you can prove that
Yeah Bernie. Way more ppl will die with a rep. plan vs. a dem. plan. Actually I think everyone will die regardless. Just a thought though.
Fake news Fox News
So don't pass it. Just repeal the ACA. #fuckobamacare #RepealDontReplace #justrepeal
That's stupid, Tom. Then we would have to pay whatever premiums insurance companies demand and they would cut out pre-existing conditions!
Free market competition. That's all I have to say about that. Learn economics instead of being ridiculous with your silly comments.
Dorothy wants to argue with you but she's so in the dark she doesn't even know Bernie & wife are under investigation for 10M bank fraud. Sad
What Trump and Bannon are looking for. That, or you are women who are attracted to men who grope them, hate them when they bleed, say filthy
Wow.  This is hard to watch.  Those talking heads are immoral, vapid & callous.  @foxandfriends @GOP
Apparently dying sooner than needed is ok if you use the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) will need Trumpcare.  #life #lifematters
It's no wonder @foxandfriends @FoxNews viewers are uninformed.  They are letting folks think that thousands won't have their lives shortened
First, show your work and compare it to pre-Obamacare. Second, you're batshit crazy.
Here in Spain we are very worried about Trump and his madness. Receive our support from here!
If you don't know it is because you are veeeeery very ignorant...
And the rich will get a tax cut so it's GOP politics as usual
When Bernie enrolls in an ACA policy , he will get my attention.
It was a rule all congressmen had to buy insurance from market place maybe Trump killed that regulation too
Talk about solutions,  Congress only citizens what others do but do not come with a solution that is so good that nobody could reject it
Will you still go to prison for bank fraud?
They don't care, Let me know when the Revolution begins.
... be careful what you ask for...
Fox is not news! it's a disgusting propagandist mechanism that spews lies, hate, and misinformation!!!
Hey, I like Fox News, and I like for you to prove what you say about them, with fakes!
I mean with facts!!
Talk about stupid hyperbole! One story is RETRACTED and they're the ENEMY. You do realize they rose to fame by covering the Gulf War.
Sure. One story is an entire network. Based on your logic, Flynn's actions certainly make the Trump admin completely criminal. #getreal
Who gives a fuck if Fox News doesn't like it?
@McConnellPress @SpeakerRyan what do u call someone that wants to kill thousands of americans a year? Terrorists that's what they r.

WHY will thousands of Americans die? Did obamacare DESTROY the FREE health clinics / FREE state hospitals that have been around for decades?
How did people survive before it? Don't act like the human race is going to end if this passes.

"Cause people will DIE!!!!!"
They deserve it.
ENOUGH with the bullshit rhetoric already Bernie! Do something as a Senator about it or move aside and let someone else who can!
I can't believe there are 12k ppl delusional & disconnected enough to like this clown's posts. Guess an entire lost generation... #clueless
Fox has been gleefully playing this out, in last couple of days.
God DAMN them. Can they really sink any lower?
CNN sure has gotten a lot lower than Fox and that includes ratings
If people need healthcare, they can still get it. Insurance companies will not go away. What did we do before your precious Obamacare?
We had lower premiums and more options.
Apparently people were dying by the thousands before they started forcing people to buy insurance.
The GOP & Trump will kill people to give money to the rich. What are we becoming? Illness is not enclosed in bubble,it spreads. Good luck
Yes I agree, we need good luck & God by our side 
No they won't! Fake news!!!

That is hogwash Bernie Medicaid is not being abolished.
#BankFraudBernie back to his sensationalism and fear mongering! What a leftist tool!
Meanwhile Trumps wants to help a child in the UK but leave American's to die? How does that ""make America great""?
All Bernie saying is hoax not true Trump making much stronger and full-proof health plan
His opponents painting him Black for every of his good & dareing acts whether tax-cut/Paries agreement/check on illigels/nutralizeing terrorists
#Trump one year administration is "FANTASTIC"
Wow..... you're clearly not paying attention... 
You've been lying to the American people and using your political power to line your family's pockets! Enough is enough! #CorruptBernie
evidence please, mr bot?
Are you another foreigner trying to meddle in US affairs?
no answer then, GreedyBot?
no answer then, BernieSheep?
I dont know what kind of answer you expect from me. I am not american and I am not there. What difference does it make, disgustingBot?
Thank you! Perhaps this is why your country has so many issues! You should focus on bettering your own home! Actually do something!
still waiting for evidence
How is an action that will deny American citizens access to life saving health services not in violation of the Constituional right to life?
Killings not a bad thing, so long as the right people get killed

--Clint Eastwood
Coming w/ #facts and they still come up with a way to make a mockery of the situation. Common Sense! No Health Care. People will Die!!!!
What happened BEFORE Obamacare ???Did thousands die?
unsubstantiated #FearMongering. Do you ever stop?
I don 't know where you get your info--probably FoxNews -- but you have it all backwards. Bernie is trying to prote t your rights! Wake up!
If a Democratic voter dies without healthcare in the forest, does it make a sound?
No
My fear exactly
Didn't they arrest you yet for fraud???
And that happened 30 years ago! Sen. Sanders is not under investigation for anything. Stay up with the REAL facts and you will look smarter!

Bernie you make me laugh, no really, roflmao!
They're all gonna die! They're all doomed! Get some new material
Well, what the hell, Bernie, GOP has  advocated population control for handicapped, dark skinned etc since Bush41 was in silken diapers,
Wrong Gruber.  Look up the racist history of Dems. KKK, Jim Crow, segregation all liberal policies
No. RAcism were Dixiecrat policies. 
Dixrats jumped 2 GOP during 60s civil rights reform.  Dem LBJ made it law. Read 20th cent. history, Dru
Sir, you should resign in disgrace for making that deplorable comparison of health care "deaths" to those who died on 9/11.
FOX news is state run media
@MeetThePress pls ask @FoxNews to specifically dispute this evidence instead of just letting their on air mouth jocks throw empty lies at it
"Evidence". ? Where?
Let's just start with the New England Journal of Medicine, Harvard U Rept or any of the other reports offered by Sen Sanders, your evidence?
Fox news show what little compassion they have toward the people that will die if Trump repeals Obamacare without a replacement. It's funny?
I laugh every day about it. LOL
Fox is not news, they are Trump supporters
And Steven what is CNN???
DRAG THEM TO THE PITS BERNIE!
He is to old at least he looks it and talks like he has one foot in the grave.
Now that's funny.
My nephew may only be alive because ACA allowed my sister to put him back on her insurance for congestive heart failure & later a pacemaker.

Because illnesses progress & now that states could charge massive premiums on pre-existing conditions now diagnosed, can't afford treatment.
liberalism and socialism are diseases that progress.
That is so true!  As a nurse, I believe many will die if the Republicans pass their health care bill!
As a nurse tell me what happened BEFORE Obamacare ?? Did thousands die?
Keep up the good fight!! You are such an inspiration.

Reaganomics - because we haven't learned our lesson yet.
It's worked better than any other system so I'd shut up if I were you
Yeah? How much does an aspirin cost in the ICU?
A lot seeing as you pay for it with taxes
Still waiting for that reach around from the 1%? It's only been 40 years. I'm sure it's coming any day now.
No not really but thanks for admitting you have no argument
Yes we can't stand you people your right about that is disown my family if they had the same views as you low life's. thank god they don't
YOOOOHOOOO...DONNIE TRUMP!  Are you LISTENING!!?? @POTUS   @realDonaldTrump
Bank fraud...
Correct because the ones killed by o-care are already dead !! Dead men can't talk but they can still vote for Bernies lame progressives
#Absurd.
Oh my God, just to make sure whoever bring truth against Republicans, a false narrative Fox news is going just below rational level of logic
Stick to legal issues...like bank fraud for example
Divs.
Good
What about the disabled people you kicked out of your home?
Nobody is going to die.  Free enterprise and American capitalism will take over any gaps.  Cash remains an option.
Stop lying about who pays you'll be dead so it won't be you
Jeez
And I bet a lot of people will die if they don't. Notice they don't say people will die "because" Republicans pass the bill.
Single payer system ? Oh for fuck sake are you kidding . Did the last 8 years teach anyone nothing ? 
Those can't be facts if it hasn't happened yet!  You can't read the future.  Socialism doesn't work except for people like you who covet $$
Yeesh. The paid anti-Bernie shills are out in full force today.
If Obamacare stays in place, EVERYONE WILL LIVE FOREVER!
FOX news should be called out for comparing Left leaning people "The Violent Left, and the Khmer Rouge of Cambodia..." to name a few
I have seen FOX news say that anyone who is Left is like USSR, or the khmer rouge of Cambodia, it is really bad fear mongering
It needs to stop or we will have a damned civil war on our hands. Thanks FOX
Mad Maxine said it was 700 billion or something...

Shouldn't the debate be about how we pay for healthcare and not who's killing who?
"She says " They can't predict who's gonna die" Spoken like a dumb 20 something yr old with a full  life ahead of her & health insurance.
@FoxNews are the Murdoch Muppets. Will say anything to earn a buck. We laugh at them over here in Australia. It's seen as shit comedy.
That's what we're all afraid of!!!
but trump and fellow crooks are going to make billions and billions of dollars and they don't care about the people. It's the bread, Fred.$$
Uh huh. Thousands will die if your wife is convicted of a crime. Thousands will die by 2018. Your point is? Go home old Bernie. #MAGA
Instead of dying, why don't they just buy a new cheaper policy?  Or, show up to any hospital and get the care they need. Dying an odd choice

Pls share our fight to protect the lives of disabled children from #BCRA  #Fight4OurHealth
Expel Sanders from the US Senate then arrest him and his wife for fraud
1000's will die anyway! GBA<><
How is it Governments responsibility to provide health insurance for ANYONE? You don't pay my car or home insurance. Why health insurance?
Just incase any one didn't know none of get out alive. Everyone dies, sorry snowflakes
You know every time I begin to forget just how stupid Bernie Sanders really is, he opens his mouth and reminds me.
Fox loves dead American
Scare tactics will not get it!! Where are Your Facts that thousands will die. You and your cronies need to go.
God bless you #BernieSanders.
I really wish Faux News would hire an epidemiologist to explain medical science to their nitwits.
Well you will not be on that Health plan ,retire .
One guess who's behind Politifact? Yup, the MSM.

Technically- we won't die, I think that's they meant to say
Well it was in the  millions so it must be getting better
And this is one of them
stop lying! You spreading fear, BTW did you sell your extra house today and donate to US Gov to pay for this? Actions Bernie, Actions!
How the corrupt media like @FOXTV tried to twist facts. Disgusting. Some Indian media like @ZeeNews and @TimesNow are copying Fox  @NDTV
Bernie are you starting a war with the media ?
Bernie Americans die everyday and will continue to regardless of a new bill or ACA.  No bill will stop that, u kno circle of life and all
1/ When businesses have to pay their workers the insane $15 an hour wage, they have less money to hire more workers, or they have to
Insane $15 per hour? Offering $15 is an insult. $1 per day is even better for a business. Simple economics. Don't bullshit ME.

thousands will die, and do, everyday.. with or without it.
You are laughable. So ridiculous
Soooo if they don't pass the bill everyone will become immortal?!  Your rhetoric is so fucking twisted even you can't keep it straight
Bank fraud
#InvokeThe25thAmendment
@ericbolling @greggutfeld @DanaPerino @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson  please please answer this guy!
Yawn!!!!!! Same lies
When they die take names &demand ea  @GOP pay dearly have families leavebodies on @GOP doorsteps!unthinkable actions-
You know, if you think about it, we might need these Americans for national security someday.
These are the facts. You and Obama made healthcare unaffordable in this country. Obamacare must be repealed.
Where is the data to back up your fear and false statements.
You are an evil person Bernie, stop the hate
I don't like it either.  CHANGE THE PLAN!  It is high time we join the other countries and offer single payer healthcare!
Pretty rich coming from the guy who praises food rationing and bread lines. FRAUD!! #FeelTheBern
They just don't care Bernie , just don't care
SAD!
Do you think they care if thousands of fellow Americans die, no, they only care about money!
They made it clear in that video that they don't care if people die.
R U kidding, Bernie? Fox News viewers LOVE the fact that thousands will die after "Trumpcare." For them, that's a point in it's favor.
They may take my HC away, but I'll live long enough to vote you President.
Fox Tabloid News is Not even worth Mentioning... They do, what They Do... Nothing More!
Just stop
Like most things you think, it's not true Tom.
Fox News gives me cancer so I'm going to need that healthcare.
Liar!!!!!!
The laws you & other pass & impose on us never apply to you because you are part of the enlightened elite.  Until they do - HYPOCRITE
Only God knows when you die! Sir you must be getting paid for this or threatened by someone?

Because it's, as it always is about fear not fact.
Perhaps you and jane can evict more of the very people you are talking about. That should make U feel better.
I'll personally mock him for it!

This alarmist, lying propagandist is starting to stoop to the lowest levels to win for his ideology, SAD
You and your wife are crooks
And Millions of HC jobs lost & 10s of thousands of HC Facs closed. @POTUS & @SenateGOP don't care. Only want Tax Cut for Rich.
You really believe all your lies Bernie?  How much Money you making off this too?
Take Bernie's pension and SEIU pensions to pay for Medicaid. Bernie's so anxious to tax us, let's see him give up his pension for Medicaid!
"independent fact checker" lol
When you make a statement like that, you should cite your sources. Otherwise it is just a random number.

So Bernie advocates a NHS, one where the govt decides whether you get treatment or not.  #CharlieGard
Bernie: anything short of socialism is annihilation
So there were thousands dying before obamacare? I don't seem to remember that
@realDonaldTrump offers to help a British baby, but is ok with the Republican health plan denying coverage to millions of Americans.
If they are democrats I'm all for it! Oh.. and ur wife is a crook
Interestingly enough many of the most vulnerable are the uneducated, uninformed GOP voters.
Facts you would not know anything about facts
oh yes!! PEOPLE WILL DIE is in order...
80% Medicare insufficient
Benefit not job related
Cut Congressional Healthcare, Pensions
Limit campaign spending, contributions
Single payer is fine if everyone pays. But most don't pay. So they mooch off the backs of hard working people. Use your hands for work.
You gotta quit LYING to the American people !!!!
&PEOPLE WHO PAY FOR HEALTH INS. w #Obamacare Can't afford 2 use it which #Democrats IGNORE.$14.5K Premium & $10K deductible(2X my Mortgage)
WOW!  Oh I see, it must be tied to the #DNC, #ClintonFoundation, or the #AwanBrothers?
#DNCFraudLawsuit @FoxNews #draintheswamp #MAGA #FNN
What happens when Obamacare implodes?  Will no one die?
No sensible person takes Fox News seriously.
Oh he means free health care.What happand about buying it?
Here we go again. Same tired old liberal playbook. Fear mongering 101.
Bernie won't admit it, But thousands will die if we keep the Obama plans.
Studies have shown Bernie Sanders you are absolutely correct on your number projection of how many people will die w/this GOP #WealthCare
There R SO many studies, most likely w/diff results. I agree w/Bernie that #Healthcare is a right,#Medicare4All cost effective long term too
#Medicaire4All $ go directly for healthcare, cuts out the fat of the overpaid middlemen (persons) those were separate studies, Harvard, etc
Exactly!! It should be a no brainer that #Medicaire4All #SinglePayer is best option for our Country...
