Socialism suxs doesn't work never will! Go steal another 10M from the bank.
Go steal another 10M usd
Bernie no it's not. They need to get a job and get health insurance thru their work.  I don't want to pay for others insurance thru taxes.
But you're ok with billionaires getting a giant tax cut?  Guess what? You're not getting a tax break.
You are ok with elderly people getting their benefits taken away and shortening their lives?
Till it happens to you!!!
You do understand private insurance isn't protected? And as insurance companies regulations decrease your PRIVATE insurance increases
Sell your homes & fancy red sports car and give the money to the homeless. Start there. Government shouldn't be in charge of healthcare.
Yes, it should.But it should in a way so pharmas don´t screw gov over prices.Germany has a very good healthcare since 1883 with gov support.
It should be up to States. Oh, I guess that means Obama's State of Illinois can't help their people. They're broke. Imagine that.
No, it should be the government. Illinois is not even the poorest state... and just because Obama choose IL for his base doesn´t mean shit.
Socialism. Does. Not. Work. Ever.
Goodness! Who told you that? Citizens of social democracies like the Netherlands, Sweden, Norway, Finland, Demark, would strongly disagree.
Population size is irrelevant.
Fewer tax payers help fewer sick citizens.
More tax payers help more sick citizens.
It's how insurance works.
All of you ACA haters, when you or your family members (who are disabled or elderly) are affected you will be wishing you had listened.
And I have never even been able to benefit from ACA and I don't think it's amazing, for the record. It's better than 20+ mil uninsured tho
Probably because a lot of jerky republicans wouldn't expand Medicaid. Like my state. Leaving me uninsured
Do you know how insurance works? When you pay insurance you are paying for everyone's coverage. Pretty much the same idea..
At least 13 million are due to Medicaid expansion.  The other 9 million are people who lost their doctor/plan due to ACA.
Wow, so sorry to hear that.  W/massive central planning, there are always winners & losers, the loser usually being the little guy.
You got that right.  Even the fat cats who make out with $$$ lose their soul.
It is both saying that living off of others is OK & when that person is no longer giving to you they are worthless The 10% are 90% parasites
Where are the Rebuplican shills who went on about death panels with Obamacare? Now you have deathcare legislation care of the GOP.
No we don't? Failing Obamacare is still law of the land!
Maybe you and your wife can pony up some money? Oh wait the investigation. Wouldnt look good. Hide in 'one' of your houses!!!
How many lost their insurance because of #Obamacare?
And Obama could have covered everyone when he had a chance and didn't - #singlepayer is the only way forward!
Where were you when millions of hard working Americans lost their health insurance becuz of Obamacare?Dems are being shut down for a reason!
They're losers
Bernie, you are selective about your statistics.  What abt those who couldn't "keep their plan?" Like me. I can't even affrd the Bronze plan
And stay out of my life. Like you know how to run my life more than me.  Are you some sort of mastermind in a far-away city? Stop already!!!
I wish Senators under investigation for bank fraud would have a gag order on them regarding healthcare discussions 
THAT'S ACA. Maybe you should have read it first.
yes. the #ACA is defined by how many now have coverage. #TrumpCare is described by how many will lose. #Sad
What's gonna happen when the final carriers pull out(which is closely approaching)& not a SINGLE Medicaid person has coverage!?Truth matters
Um, #Obamacare didn't terminate anyone's plan. The insurance co's found a better way to make money by terminating some plans. #SinglePayer
The insurance companies that are part of the exchanges are Obamacare!! Lol
Did hear shit from you when i had to cancel mine due to increases... 

I know of no small business owner who believes they have insurance but merely taxes called premiums that amount to wealth distribution...
So you must have been ripsh*t when ur ACA vote led to 10's of millions of cancellations too.  Oh, but they didn't count, gotcha.
Bernie, your lie is a HUGE abomination. Why do you lie about this? If you remove the mandate & people choose to withdraw, it's choice.
#BankFraudBernie should not talk about abomination
Lost my doctor, plan & over 200% increase $$$ under O-care.  Let's be real.
Happened under Obamacare too, but you were silent. You can't be trusted with the truth.
What about the millions that can no longer afford their premiums under the current system? Its a disaster no matter what
matter of reducing costs or moving to a universal plan for all like most industrialized nations already use and away  from a for profit plan
There isnt necessairly a right or wrong answer, just as long as its fair and equitable..right now neither plan is (current & proposed)
I agree that we need a much better cost structure  health care should not be for profit - this is the end result -the ave citizen pays more
Yes, 100% agree
what about millions who lost under ACA? Are their lives not valued? Do you get to chose or do the people?
how can you serve the people while you and your wife steal from the people? you're the lowest form of human being
Something is an abomination
Bernie, when are you going to jail?
So let the uncovered ppl buy insurance like the old days.
Dump Trump and everything he stands  for!
Shut up Snowflake!  It's sad that libtards like you breathe the same air I do.
Agree 100%, but many in the Dem and Repub party top to bottom are completely okay with that. Lots of heartless unimaginative, jerks here.
Thanks for continuing our fight for #SinglePayer. Fight on!
I want BERNIE to pay for my care
That's the point of single payer. We ALL pay for our share to ensure every American has healthcare, even Bernie.
The point is government control and it appears we are heading that way..,
I understand the fear but we are already controlled by insurance companies flooding the elections with cash.
Not fear, disgust
You know of course those aren't people that are being kicked off.  Those are people that will choose not to renew or sign up.
What good is insurance when there are no docs to treat or a waiting list for treatment?
Do you know how many have ACTUALLY lost their insurance due to #ObamaCare? You're a fraud, Bernie.
Can we as a minority stop this
Not "lose" but not buy. My daughter mKes $12 an hour and is FORCED to pay $230 A MONTH for crappy care. Why should she pay that?
Love animals?  Better support Bernie
Senator it is you that is the threat to affordable health care.
Your hypocrisy is so loud it deafened me. Remember "if you want your plan you can keep your plan"? Sorry #Dems no moral high ground for you!
What about the people who liked their plan but couldn't really keep it? 

Nothing worse than old socialists
Especially when their under investigation for bank fraud
Plus a lie
How many millions lost their coverage under your precious Obamacare? that you had to consistently lie about to get it passed?
Actually, millions more GAINED coverage. Educate yourself.
Stick to your talking points. That's all your kind has.
My kind has facts, not talking points.
So why did your kind have to constantly lie to the people to get this monstrosity passed? What were you hiding?The fact that premiums and
deductibles would go through the roof? The fact that much of it was pouring money into the insurance industry? and that much of that money
would come back to your DNC as campaign contributions?
Obamacare is failing & more than 22 million will lose coverage before a GOP plan. You're not going to tell the truth because you're a fraud.
Been you need to worry about your legal issues. From what I have seen is that you are lacking friends on both sides of the isle.
One person dying in the street due to lack of healthcare is a travesty; 22 million is more than that. That's mass murder.
OLD BLOW HARD !!  BANK FRAUD BURNIE !
LOL... Just read your tweet, exactly what I called him...blowhard... Call it like I see it...
You and your #Corrupt wife are going to JAIL.  You communist #Fraud .
Ethics violations charge for you for federal loan fraud!!  Charges coming soon!! Shame on you! Keep draining the swamp Pres Trump!!!
Come on. One is too many? One?
Yes. One is too many. For higher premiums and less coverage (ala Trumpcare), zero is too many.
Why didn't you give a damn about the people who lost their coverage & doctor due to Obamacare? Why did you exempt yourself from it?
what do you care you're going to jail Seltzer man! #Trump2020
hey Bern, if you are so worried about health care why don't you work with Congress to get it right?
He's trying
haha lol keep trying Bernie you can do it.
Not all of us work jobs that provide healthcare.
You won't know it you will be in jail!
Bernie, MILLIONS lost their insurance because you and your Democrats stabbed us in the back under cover of night on Christmas Eve.
You knucklehead I lost my insurance because Obama Care was bankrupt from day 1..you truly are an idiot! Get iut of the way! AMERICA IS HERE!
Many pay not to have Obamacare. Guessing you voted for that debacle. Yes indeed.
Government healthcare coverage does not equal health care.. please sit down #crookedBernie
Why don't you get Obamacare?
Draft legislation to fix Obamacare rather than bitch about the ACA
Oh Bernie,  get off of it,  YOU LOST
Not true #BankFraudBernie
Sir, you're forgetting the Jacuzzis wealthy folks can buy w/ the tax cuts, and the hot nasty sex that occurs in those Jacuzzis. Have a heart
be quiet.
That is a crock @BernieSanders . 34.5 million lost their old ins because of Ocare/according to '13 Census
Abomination was stealing from others in the first place.
So in turn the ones who lost ins under OCare are too many as well or they don't count because they work for a living?
13 million lost their DOCTOR and 10 million lost insurance because of Obamacare which YOU support!  Stop with the grimy politics!
You know what? YOU'RE an abomination & an embarrassment as a US Senator. Ocare is failing as it was designed to.  If you & your
rich pals are so concerned start your own private fund with YOUR money and start privately subsidizing people.  Our system is being gamed.
Why do you think insurance cos are backing out?  They're losing billions bc Ocare is a loser.  A complete loser.
And if SOOOOOOOOOOOO great, then why didn't Congress & their staffs join up?  Bc it's a loser, that's why.  You all know it.
Oh brother.  I'm so sick of these calculated fake angles.
No repeal of the Affordable Care Act! 22 million people have the right to health care!
Healthcare isn't a right.  It's a privilege.
27 million currently without even worse when u tax the shit out of them to boot!
This is  not # Health  Care this is a tax cut for the rich.  Cannot believe we will not insure our citizens
It's called free choice! Millions are now forced to buy insurance who don't want it. BY THE WAY, easy to preach when Congress is exempt
Will the federal prison system provide health care for you and your wife?
You were ok when the very same thing happened with a Dem plan?? #hypocrite
Wtf were you when I lost my insurance and Doc, Bernie?
Did you feel the same way when millions weren't able to "keep their plan" with Obamacare? Quit playing party politics, it isn't becoming

22 mil because they are no longer forced buy law to buy something they don't feel they need. BURLINGTON COLLEGE!
If one American dies because of Muslim "refugees", that's too many.
You know just bc my wife is Federal employee and has FEP insurance I can't use coupons from pharmaceutical companies what's up with that
Your wife tried to throw disabled people out of a home she bought from the archdiocese in Vermont you're two-faced piece of 
This is a better plan. Please consider it.
How many counties in Ohio have zero choices for insurance? #BankFraudBernie
People are already loosing their healthcare under Obamacare. Why not address that? The only solution is a full repeal! Back to the markets!
Has anybody every told you that you sound like the Ardvark from the PInk Panther show???

The needs of the few out weights the needs of the many?
And that's only the beginning of the idiocy. Cutting preventive care is simply wrong
They don't like preventative care, they make more on the back end.
It's all about "personal responsibility" which is a meaningless term to anyone who works in public health
Don't seem too concerned about the middle class paying high premiums not receiving health insurance! Our insurance taken years ago.
Sen. Sanders, one vote or one crime made by an illegal immigrant..TOO MANY.. get your act together. A LOT OF hypocrisy  with your socialism
Hey Bern, the bank is calling.
How about all those who were FORCED into Obamacare and then DROPPED & FINED?!!! Get out of politics & take care of your own legal problems
Weare PlaningAHugeMarch In Washington DC WeareGoingToBringThe Sickest Humans Cancer Aids Staff VD Meningitis and Were Staying@TrumpTowers
How Dare u talk about Republicians. Fake Bernie U Socialistic Move to a Socialistic Country.Remember your WIFE is being investigated
Bernie u lied to the young people Free College.Insane Bernie fooling Kids. R u going to pay for all free stuff your pushing? Of course Not.
Bernie's wife under FBI investigation! NOT FAKE NEWS
They'd lose it bec they CHOOSE 2! @ least b truthful be4 you get ppl all riled up.  That's better than forced O-care they can't even afford!
Communism is an abomination, Bolshevik Bernie. #GFY
I lost mine because of ObamaCare. Is that too many?
#Trumpcare #MakeAmericaGreatAgain for just the top 2%. Fuck the rest of 98%. @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump American Disgrace!
You're a fraud. You know damn well the only people that will "lose" insurance are the ones who don't want it but we're forced to buy it.
YOU and your WIFE make me sick.  Talking out of both sides of your mouth.
Hey Bernie millions are already uninsured because of Obamacare!!!
I'm ashamed to say I have been a D my whole life. #Pelosi  #Warren #Harris #Schumer #Clinton and now you have disgraced this party
What about the one (of MANY) who can't even use their health insurance?  Or the ones choosing the penalty?  Insurance does NOT = healthcare.
I pay $900/mo for insurance, that's an abomination.   Obamacare is a joke, that's an abomination.
Go get a Real Job and Help pay for it then,and also Remember that 22 million people should be Working & pay for their insurance just like US
This has become a greedy world.. Money is their priority not peoples health.
Obamacare did the same thing if not more i lost my insurance and I haven't been able to afford it
how many lost insurance threw the ACA when they found out they couldn't afford it. Then got charged for not having it.
Abomination = FASCIST =CORPORATE MONOPOLIES & The POTUS COULD BE ONE
Libtards are the New Facists.
Won't the healthcare trickle down though?
If you have insurance that you can't afford to use, do you really have insurance?
Why don't you spell out what steps the Republicans have taken so that Obamacare dies? Why can't you explain that to the American people?

If one American dies because of an illegal immigrate it's on you then right Bernie the hypocrite.
Goats are cute.  Bernie on the other hand... well 
If you and your wife stole one dollar through bank fraud it's too many, but $10 million? That's an abomination.
But it was okay when my family lost insurance bc of Obamacare and then was "fined" for not being able to afford it.
Defrauding banks is a abomination
Where do u get these numbers? Must be including non citizens that aren't legally entitled. Why don't u try Obummercare? It sucks!
You are fraud, 
socalist ideaology never grew a single grain of wheat.  
Why ? 
Because there is no emplaced incentive to the FARMER.
If one person loses all their money cause they donated it all to you last year that's too many... oh wait...
Bernie did you support Obamacare , even when you read it? Or did you just support it because it was free/ paid for by middle class?
How many of us dropped #ACA and opted for fine because we couldnt afford monthly premiums
Cut the Crap Retorhic
Thank you for your tenacity on the subject. I have 2 disabled sons.
Our health care problems stem from it remaining in profit-making mode. Time to change. Medicare for All. Let's join the civilized world.
Socialism, comunism, is fake I know for a fact. You've never experience poor. Please! Share your wealth if you are serious.
#DeathCareBill the new genocide!
How many will have Obamacare by this time next year?
Yoy should move to a socialist country if you don't like it
MIL has Alzheimers, memory care  6grand mo. 7yrs assets $$ bout gone. will she qualify when her $ gone? cut medicare I pray not!
What's the number that had ins prior to Obamacare,  but now can't afford it?
i heard repeating a wrong cbo number was cool
Sell your Audi R8 that Hillary paid for and give it to that one person.
I don't remember the outrage when all those people lost his insurance in 2010
Please give us an Analysis of the Cal. Single Payer Bill !!! I don't want to Contribute to Courage Campaign without All The Facts!!!
You are aware of the millions who lost their insurance AND doctor due to Obamacare, correct?
You're just not making any sense. You have millions but you try to represent poor people. What have you given up lately?
If just one person dies because of an illegal thats too many. Right?

#KatesLaw
Wrong.
Why wasn’t it an abomination when Obamacare cost that many people their insurance and drove up costs on everyone?
#BankFraudBernie and the attempted coverup! Shady Fck!
Hey Joa found you areblastomg this shady crap out to.
Blasting this out *
Do you mean the people FORCED to buy expensive insurance who are young and healthy and don't want it?
And all the hard working mid class ppl like me who couldn't afford 850$ month 4 awful coverage & then had our tax refund taken!? It's BS 

Typical Lib argument. Other people not paying for your insurance is not equivalent to taking it away. But, the sheep notice "abomination"
It is truly an assault on a nation. It's more like an atomic bomb. The Constitution dictates that they should improve us, not destroy us.
The real abomination is the political system you're peddling; the same one your parents fled  
They CHOSE Capitalism, Bernie. Why not you?
