Hey, have you even sat down with Pres. Trump? Go to him, he should not come to you. At least respect the office.
Then you got to pay more than just 13% taxes @SenSanders.
So get the government OUT of it genius. Not give government MORE control. lol that's definition of oxymoron...w/o the oxy
The rest of the world works seems to be doing much better with gov't run healthcare
You may also be interested to know that despite spending 2.5 x more on HC, the USA only ranks 11, behind 10 other countries with UHC
And that's why the UHC countries are bankrupt and have to ration who gets the care. As for the rankings, I don't believe any of them.
The current national debt in USA is 20'trillion!
So our response it to increase government spending on more social spending? That already consumes 60% of our federal budget
Yep it's me Senator Bernie Sanders>@MinnieBellW<same>@Willis_Hubbard_ ... can you imagine anyone SIR depending on TRUMPCARE if they got hurt
#2) in the crossfire of "HURRICANE HARVEY" ?  @PearlieMaeJones @ERMA_____ @GodsWordIsFree @LarryWoolfolk @JWaReesS
#3) @elaineyvette1 @JacksonPropGrp @SuperckookLarry @elaineyvette1 @irenedorsey321 @frankandjannie  "ROCKPORT,TEXAS" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31tHkUVwPGA …
#4) @RBReich @RobertandRosie @rainrainrain77 @adair1946 @bosslady2898 @repjohnlewis @LewisCo86458825 @BarReNaples
#5) @The_Dixon_Cider @ThayerBerlyn @newcolossusfg @llcoolj @MsbethmartinezA @ReporterPhoenix @Sbsboono739 @belskie
#6) @RKBs_Twitstery @BFostersbox @saeeddaniel @TomthunkitsMind @Tillmantinman @Trumpgot2go @MarilynCapps @bcarrz
#7) @ActDontReact @13matters @realAliTweets @DanteB4u @llstudent08 @jojokejohn @bodysculptorokc @RRoystreet1 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMuVgQAGlo …
#8) "HURRICANE HARVEY"
By getting the Gov. bureaucracy out of it, right?  Oh... by increasing the bureaucracy... BRILLIANT!
Repeal Obamacare!! It is expensive, garbage ins. Only those getting it for free are the ones who don't complain about it.
Wasn't Obamacare supposed to have fixed that? It didn't? It made it worse? Wow, Bernie.
Great. So you'll be working to get gov't completely OUT of medicine then?
I am not the servant of a group run by political Elite.  I have freedom to exercise my own judgement. I am American not egalitarian.
tk u
Then stop trying to make it more expensive.
why arent the republlicans trying to solve this by working with democrats that did all their homework when the last bill was written?
TRUMP said basically the same thing but your party wouldn't help so shut up and do something about it.
Did you see the bill Trump tried passing? It would have made shit worse
Oh Vinny, the Democrats were in control for the last 8 years. Premiums kept increasing, the Democrats and whining Bernie did NOTHING
We had a democrat house, and republican majority congress, nothing got passed becayse we have a two party partisan government

Oh Vinny, I'm giving you the facts. Let me educate you, Obamacare was rammed through Congress by Democrat's, who had a majority.
Stop. Single payer doesn't WORK, look at the VA? You people are killing us one day at a time, waiting for the 2.71 doctors per 1000 of us
Yes, let's get all the freeloaders out of it
The explanation is because of Dems & Inds like yourself, who allowed big govt to create the mess we're in right now.
So you were satisfied w insur co power and the system before ACA? W/out gvt involvment u realize ur then at full mercy of insur co. Choose
Even those of us who are on employee health plans because insur co can do whatever they please w/out some mandates in place..and they do
Bernie Sanders has a good point. It should be a step to Single Payor.
Yes because of Obamacare
Yeah... let's outsource it to China.  Dumb Democrats.
Totally agree! My mom was on it for 30 yrs. Never had a problem. Medicare works!! Healthcare for all - single-payer.
And please tell us all Senator... who is paying for your idea?
I agree also lower medicare agent to 62 from 65
Bernie, you most likely voted for This Racist who wants to dismantled everything rather than the Candidate who wanted to improve what's here
We know that. When are you guys going to improve it? We're not stopping your improvement process. Do the work & STOP COMPLAINING about it!
Do you know how government works, Deb? Sounds like you don't.
I know it doesn't work by just complaining about it. Which is Bernie's fortay ...state the obvious. Go to work and lay an improvement plan.
You can't change something if the people with the complete opposite goal have a majority in every branch of government.
BS. WE had all branches & check the vote history. Always against our own best interest. Didn't support a smart president. TOTALLY OUR FAULT.
You have been presented with a fact and you disregard it because it does not fit with your opinion. Use your brain, not your feelings.
Bernie one note! Solutions please & not speeches. You're still in the Senate correct?
Yep !! Not affordable and not free!!!
Yes, agreed 100%. Our healthcare system also produces among worst outcomes in industrialized world despite greatest expense per person
Actually that is so false I don't know where to begin. People travel across the world for our specialized medicine
"Americans spend five times more than Chileans, yet their lifespan is shorter" source:
Um okay
I agree totally. Get the government out of it. Watch it flourish.
We had the government out of it before O-care, didn't work out so well, did it now? Why not just do what the rest of the world is doing?
The reason people break the law to come here is because their countries suck. Why be like them.  Maybe illegals will stop coming here then.
... are you implying illegals come to America for our healthcare system, if you are, you are wildly misinformed.
They come for the opportunity the country provides and enjoy all the benefits that come with it.
Actually the reason most come here is 1. The US fed minimum wage is over double Mexico's minimum wage and 2. No ultra-drug cartels
Made so by Obama
I have no healthcare and need it for my chiropractic dental and md
Bernie screaming and yelling .. not what this country needs .. can you explain why you continue to do this?
You mean that done by Obama and didnt you vote for this or  didnt you?
That would be OK if it were "affordable" Bernie.
Funny bloody bernie says its too bureaucratic.  Bernie loves bloated government, whos he lying to now?
Health care is too good now
  Let the government run it.  Then
nobody will risk using it and the price will come dowm
Maybe we need to follow the money.
That's been true for many decades.
Then keep government out of it!

Would be beneficial IF U became aware of complex HC system, UR naïveté is pathetic. U R old/lazy & talk ad nauseum!
Thanks Bernie, I know that's straight from your Heart, you lost your mother due to same
Yes we do. And adding MORE inefficient, bureaucratic government is the answer? You're delusional.
too late #Kushner already used you to make #ACA seem like a very bad idea
When you point fingers three point back at you every single time.
Maybe you should move to a Socialist Country for a Real View of Reality.
This is ridiculous, even for you.
Wait.....didn't we try it with ObamaCare.....oh yea it was because it didn't go far enough that's right .
Bernie’s single-payer plan deadly for seniors http://betsymccaughey.com/bernie-sanders-single-payer-plan-is-deadly-for-seniors/ … #SocialismSucks #leadweight4America
It's funny that you never suggest a funding mechanism to pay for your socialized medicine.  Be honest, income tax would exceed 50% on MC.

Poll of Socialists...

61% live with their parents.…
A health care system that relies on a person's ability to pay, is a governmental failure of a modern day democracy
thanks from the common people for ur stand against GOD to ransack Health care.
Get government out of private business jackass. More government won't help when there's already too much.
But since you're part of Congress, you wouldn't know about bad healthcare... Congress is too good for the regular folk. #hypocrite
If you think it is expensive.  If you get your way it will cost way more.  And the quality will be worse
Now you say it.  Where Were  you 
At  7 YO.
Good idea. Let's do a test run on Congress for a few years before we screw the american people yet again
We all agree about that, both sides of the aisle. So help @POTUS fix it rather than simply resist and obstruct.
They need people to die off before they can start it. A civil war amongst us.
Then overturn the 2700 page assault on self-governance known as Obama Care.
So you "geniuses" think that by letting #FedGov control Healthcare it will CURB bureaucracy, inefficiency, and fiscal mismanagement? 
That's not a nice way to describe the obamacare you so badly want to keep. If it's so bad repeal it. How do you like hillary's beach house?
You voted to pass ObamaCare which made it what it is. YOU are responsible for this mess! Or are you just another Bolshevik seagull senator?
Thank your pal Obama for most of it!
VOTE TO REPEAL REPLACE OBAMACARE!! Common Bernie!! The democrats hate you anyway. Your not part of the democrat party. Burn Loves -Dems hate
You've been in the senate as a lifer, you've done ZERO TO FIX IT
Instead of tweeting about it actually do something about it
maybe it is time people stop thinking only of themselves and start thinking about others and what is best for the majority.
FINALLY!! you agree Obamacare must go!
Created by people like you, hypocrite!  Why don't you sell your "HOUSES" & give it to the people, Bernie.  Maybe your wife can donate too!
2) How? They sell their own naturalresources and use that money.
But NO, not in USA can't happen. GREED, GREED, lobbyists, tree huggers, etc
Oh and they are longer SOCIALIST!! Only hold out is Venezuela.
1) Why not do like some countries in South America? They have (TRUE) free health care and education, with NO TAX Dollars paying for it.
Please tell us more about your successful business career.
Let's have MORE Govt. control - after all, Govt. has proven to be most efficient stewards of taxpayer $....said NO ONE EVER!
And you wanted to raise taxes ... to make it more innefficient?
your true colors when Hillary and DNc destroyed your name and campaign and now you are so well off $$$ looks like Venezuela🛇 Socialism 
No no no!  Never give the government that power over you! Ask Charlie Gard 's parents how that worked out.
just like a super inefficient and expensive land deal for a college? 
http://bfpne.ws/2uQ6NEp  via @bfp_news
No one is listening to you Bernie. Enough with angry old men. We have had it with angry old men.
Excuse me, I meant angry old white men.
Socialized medicine tends to do that...
Yes, work with the democrats.Don't under cut http://them.Help  find & groom someone in their 50s to run in 2020.Need STRONG candidate.
Hey Don Quixote...stop beating this drum and go after president pants-on-fire before he ruins all of us. Healthcare can wait. Sadly.
Hey Bernie, why don't you talk to Canadian about health care?
Shut up Bernie - you're a racist
We as a country MUST be ashamed that we've such a disgusting traitor to our country, such a loser who never worked a real job as our senator
Bernie people, you will never get that in a capitalistic system. If Bernie would have won, you all will be JUST as mad at him right now
as a lot of disappointed Trump people are. President Obama asked 4 free 2-year College, and Congress and the house said no
Dude, you voted for it.
Medicare really sucks so this would be like misery loves company?
Brought to everyone by Barack Obama. Thank you Demorats
@SenSanders then work with ALL congressmen and get the job done
Start w the bureaucracy!  Never happen. #fullemployment
Move to Russia
Just took my sick toddler to GP here in Australia. Not only was it free but another patient gave their place in line for us to go 1st.
Aren't the VA hospitals government run and Bernie Sanders on senate committee ? VA was mismanaged and inefficient and had long wait times.
As the left keeps throwing out campaign slogans the right keeps gerrymandering away
and it won't.
Sir explain then the phenomenon of MDs refusing to take ANY insurance and changing to 'concierge' medicine. Half the battle is greedy docs!
What the hell is wrong with you???? You voted for it.
".......and I will not be the effective leader needed to change it"
Bernie + Bank Fraud + endless mindless carnival speeches = Disaster
American People, We Can't Let CNN DESTROY AMERICA  WITH HATE. Never seen educated people hate that much. If u hate, CNN will hire u. Apply!!
inefficient and bureaucratic b/c trial lawyers feed on people's fears & loss--place caps on malpractice insurance & awards
You again?  I wonder if the Bernie followers feel any pain by not getting behind Hillary Clinton sooner!?
You lost on your ideas, per your own suggestion, you should get out of politics
Hypocrisy and creepiness.
How can you have a robust healthcare system with top talent, facilities and treatments without BIG MONEY @VanJones68 ? Makes zero sense.
Socialism belongs in other countries; no place for it in the USA!!
And u want to add more govt bureaucracy?  U need a psychiatrist Bernie.
What a stupid @$$. Coming from an old curmudgeon that's lived off gov. His whole miserable life! Never made a dime ever! Leach!
It's the Dems system
YOU got the millions off of your little Sen. Salary Bernie. Donate it to the poor in VT. Put your big $$$ where your mouth is!!
You voted for it
So you're bashing ACA now.  Really
Repeal the ACA and it will.
Here's reality: progs have intentionally made our health care system unworkable so they can pretend single payer is the only choice.
So single payer will make it LESS bureaucratic?
#LIBERALCIRCUS #RUSSIANKOOLAID #OBAMASDEEPSTATE #Clintoncrimefoundation

Bernie you can thank your party and peers for that. Enough with the talk it's time to take action Bernie. Actions speak louder than words.
Get rid of the over paid senior  management who agree to the bureaucracy and save money too
Every American is entitled to healthcare just like all other major countries.
This guy is still alive?
If you want health care get a job that offers it or pays you enough to buy your own. Stop robbing taxpayers.
Love it
Healthcare doesn't belong in a for profit model. It isn't a privilege, it's a right.
Ha ha ha...that's the way the Obamacare ball bounces Bernie! You suck up sell out! #demwhore
Government should pay for basic care for everyone as other countries do...those who can afford it can then purchase additional coverage.
It's call Obamacare...
Trouble finishing a single word? Sorry, had to.
argh...
#WeDemandFullRepealNow No replacement. Government makes healthcare more costly and less efficient. #FullRepealNow
Look at this;
It's called Obamacare and YOU and Dems OWN it! Now you want us to give you another crack at it? And hope you don't make it worse? #nothanks
Do something. Less talk.
You should know. You signed it into law w/all your Democrat buddies. Obamacare is YOUR fault too Bernie! Why pretend to be surprised now?
You should quit. Your ideas are of no use to America and this game is over for you hacks.
Universal health care doesn’t require a single-payer government monopoly https://shar.es/1S7knn  via @FraserInstitute
Really. Like America didn't already know. You are not listening to us
Fraser Institute Reports: Wait times for Health Care in Canada https://www.fraserinstitute.org/sites/default/files/waiting-your-turn-wait-times-for-health-care-in-canada-2016-execsum.pdf …
No Bernie YOU HAVE THE BEST CARE ITS "we the people who got the sh** care" and yet you won't repeal it
between 2001 and 2015, biopharmaceutical research and development spending in Canada declined by 20 %
Frayser Institute Report Sustainability of Canadian Health care costs 2017 https://www.fraserinstitute.org/sites/default/files/sustainability-of-health-care-spending-in-canada-2017-execsum.pdf …
Yea let's be more like Canada and wait two years to see a doctor. #ShutUpBernie #NoDeathPanelsHere
We have an old, Commie loving lefty. One of the few crazies left in the world. Attempting to be relevant. That has GOT to change!
An you have the Gold Plan
2017 Canadian Study on gov't healthcare costs https://www.fraserinstitute.org/sites/default/files/price-of-public-health-care-insurance-2017.pdf …
Hey Bernie I don't care which side , or who, fixes it. Just please get to work today to make it affordable for the normal working class guy

INEFFICIENT is key! Health insurance and big pharm along with protection from government officials make it this way.
So the answer is to have the beaurocratic corrupt gov run our health care...great critical thinking from Senator Sanders once again.
@SenSanders You Finally Understand #BigGovSucks Socializing healthcare creates inefficiency, and hurts the people.
Change subsidies to #animalag, save on health care. Plant based diet, phytonutrients and fiber > cholesterol and animal abuse.
Thanks to Obama
Thanks to you
Did you vote for it? Before you were against repealing it? @a_santostefano
No solutions just a spray shower of spit when you speak. Waste of oxygen
Agreed! The reason for this fact is government meddling. The market is efficient when left alone. Inefficiency kills businesses.
Well, your buddies in the Democratic Party are responsible for that ACA mess, and you supported criminal Hillary, too.
That alone says a lot about you, Bernie.
Yes Bernie, I agree its inefficient and bureaucratic.  Let's get government the fuck out of our Healthcare.
Then why did you vote for it? Obamacare, the biggest lie ever put upon the American people.
Why didn't you change it over the last 8 years when you had a lap dog in the WH?
I thought you loved Obama care lol
Congrats Bernie you and the liberals OWN this!!!!
Would be more expensive if we let you get your hands on it.
Expensive Healthcare because gov. got involved!
You voted no.
If Bureaucracy is the problem then why have socialized healthcare
Go try getting treatment on the U.K. You are a liar
And that would be called obama care.  bought and paid for with tax money to the insurance companies.
Lol...giving it over to the government isn't the answer!! That creates more BS!!! Socialism doesn't work!!
Yes so why do you want more of the same?
Like the government controlled VA that receives $180B a year and can't manage to answer their suicide hot line?
NO TO SOCIALISM!!! NO TO BERNIE & JANE NEVER EVER
