Said the SOCIALIST.
Can you name 1 successful implementation of Socialism in like, the last 10,000 years? Asking for a friend.
how about....uhh like all of Europe?
Uhh. Take a civics course. None of them are socialist the way Bernie wants socialism. I noticed you didn't mention Cuba or Russia.
that's cause Bernie doesn't want communism (Russia and Cuba) he's a democratic socialist (Europe). Are you slow?
Google some of your terms.
Don't cry Dems did the same thing that was failing before he left office
You're not fighting anything. You are assisting the Republicans by helping their bill gain support by doing that stupid CNN debate.
Do you think Republicans will be able to present their bill in a good light?  I doubt that...
They don't need to. They only need to trigger the raw hatred their voters have for Democrats. Bernie presenting the "dem" alternative helps.
They don't care about who is hurt by this bill. They only need for their voters to support them against the Democrats.
Bernie Sanders is being baited, and has fallen for it completely because he has that desperate need to promote himself.
He is baited into doing what always said he will do? Fight for single payer.
The last thing you want is for Republicans to be motivated to go after the Affordable Care Act again. Bernie Sanders is helping them.
In hindsight, do you think your concerns were proven valid?
Republicans cant destroy Heathcare! ACA already did, sir
It's fine if you're young, healthy & do nothing but sit at home.
What health care. The right to pay 14000 a year to have your 36th visit partially covered?
That's the spirit.
that's what your man obama thought of as health care. For working people that is. The poor/lazy got full coverage  free. You retweeted Bernie touting Ocare.Does it matter if there is a 14000 premium and 3500 deductible? In your world does that equal good health care? Not in mine
too many uses of the word "likely" in your fake report here

So, this isn't a repeal/replace as much as it is a straight repeal, eh? Sounds about par for the course from the GOP and our President.
Waiting to see how this complex game is going to be unlocked. There is a missing node.
Bernie wake up and smell the coffee.  Washington should keep there nose out health care and leave it to the states
DUMBASSES UNITE, make sure you keep socialistic healthcare to destroy what was once the best system in the world. Continue to lie=obamacare
But, Washington set up failing Medicare. Follow Australia model PLEASE
I'm on Medicare. What failing you speak of?
The failure of our #healthcare lies with greedy insurance companies. Period.
I TOTALLY Agree  %. But, they feel the pockets on the Hill.just like the rest of Big Corporations that RUN THE HILL. LUV UR TWEET 2ME.
Your bill #MedicareForAll is just as bad...additional $32 trillion to the national debt...Wtf is that, Bernie??????
This is terribly inaccurate. You have to factor in all the money currently paid to keep hospitals open via federal state and local taxes
Still doesn't address the issue
When you take all then money being spent on insurers profits and send it to medicare, we can afford to do much more with it.
How will it pay for everyone?
It should not be near as much of a problem after that, we might actually come out ahead, as we currently spend more per  and get less
Can you show me the numbers you have on this
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK221653/ …
 You have to account for the cost increase percentages of these and add that to these numbers to get an accurate #
This a repeal with no replace...America...as a Canadian, u need our single payer system...not perfect but light yrs ahead of America's hc.
Canada does not have 330 million souls. Single payer for all would be death warrant for about 23 million. Get government out of doctors rm
The number of people is totally irrelevant...in fact the more the cheaper it should cost. Single payer would not be a death warrant. #noclue
i don’t want anyone telling me and my family what healthcare i can have. stay out of me and my family’s life’s!
I take it you can afford it lol
i can afford the HC i want for my family
Must be nice
i earned it. 28 years of working 24/7
It's monasoto poisoning the food does anyone care? What can we do?
But you are still having a Medicare for all rally tomorrow?
Bernie's Single Payer!  A European-style health care system of long lines, crappy doctors and quicker deaths! LOVE IT! HERE'S ALL MY TAX $$$
What about the millions of us working class that can't afford healthcare now? Oh i see, we worry about your voters who have free healthcare.
Knew I'd find you here<<they don't like the American flag....ooops
Trump needs to make lowlifes like Bernie Sanders use ObamaCare like the rest of us and pay for it.
Exactly...
My coworker's dog has health insurance, but she can't afford it for herself. We need healthcare for all human Americans.
I bet it's really good time 2focus on Medicare for all. Why don't we split focus/energies btwn resisting @GOP and lauding you? It'll b great
Read this!!!!  And learn the facts about Republican repeal/replace....any questions????
SENATOR IVE HAD PROBLEMS WITH COMPUTER SIR IT'S THE CHURCH THEY ARE CONNECTED THEY TRIED THIS A CENTURY AGO WITH MUSSOLINI AND HITLER!
Bernie, you are TOO late!! You, Obama & CONGRESS all ready have!!
DJT & company are trying to fix it!

WHAT A   
Trump is just trying to run up debt and bankrupt America like one of his businesses.
Yup! Just like a liberal to NOT use FACTS in any debate!
I can't fix stupid.
Fact trump has gone bankrupt numerous times. Fact trump wants to keep pushing the debt ceiling higher. Is that too hard for you trumpet
Nope! And after each bankruptcy, Trump came back better than before!! He also repaid all debts!

Is that the BEST you can come back with?
Actually his daddy bailed him out then trump used inheritance money then gave Putin a blow job.
Early on maybe. But, not anything in the last 35 years!

Again I ask, is that the only thing you: bankruptcy?
Canadians don't understand Moore's attitude. Each individual wins by paying a bit more in taxes now so no one pays anything when they're ill
It's like an inexpensive workplace medical benefits plan, but on a national scale. We each find a mere oz. of prevention beats a ton of cure
Just remember this guy sold all his followers out to Clinton took the money and kept it. But wants all of you to share yours HYPOCRITE
We need real senators who WILL enact real solutions that benefit all & don't create #BigGov #BigBurden. Get it done or get out! #WeThePeople
I think the time for that was when Trump was running.
Don't need coverage...need quality CARE. Free market capitalism creates more wealth for more people than any other economic system.
SENATOR THEY HAVE DOCUMENTED ABOUT FUTURE !THEY KNOW ALL EVENTS !THEY ARE WITH MAFIA !AND CORPORATION !THEY WANT TO COLLAPSE GOVERNMENT!
The best way to fix health care is to get the government out of it.
Back to employer based healthcare?! What about those who's employers will not /can not pay? What happens to those millions of people, hmm?!
Fuck Obamacare I now have a $10k deductible for my family w/o copays. I pay $500 a month & still have to pay for everything out my pocket 
. Never forget that Nancy Pelosi brought Trump back to the table to protect #DACA .Why do you hate women so much #BernieSanders ? #politics
Destroy??? Haha it's already destroyed. Corrupt insurance companies corrupt pharmaceutical companies corrupt politicians. Corrupt doctors
Any answers?
Unfortunately no
I am a nurse for 40 years. Healthcare is a right for all American citizens. Anything less is immoral.
Healthcare? or Health Insurance? Denying someone health care can be immoral. Giving someone crappy insurance that covers nothing is a farce.
Both are immoral.
Repeal the ACA with no replacement. Government involvement raises premiums. It's time to let freedom ring once again.
Lack of regulation raises premiums  Insurers profits raise premiums, not the government. Quit feeding them profits from letting the sick die
That's not true. Less regulations allows small businesses to fight big corporations by offering lower premiums. Which causes competition.
That is not how this works. Insurers compete for well people, and dump you when you need them most Their priority is investor, not patient
It is indeed how businesses and economies work. Regardless of how you think every single insurance company operates.
I have dealt with enough insurers refusing to cover their patients chronic conditions to understand exactly how this works.
Well of course. If they're paying more into you for a chronic condition than they are making money, then they aren't going to cover you.
Even if you have been paying for your insurance  your entire life. SO what do you expect these people to do when they are dropped?
What healthcare your socialism crap! We r adults and can chose our own insurance! Will you be using this insurance Bernie? Probably not!
. And yet you,your lack of leadership,your deals w Tad Devine/Russia gave us #Trump . Have u located your taxes yet? Drip drip drip #Bernie

Healthcare IS not, and NEVER has been, a "right". It is a PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY; something that Sen. Sanders would know little about.
Bernie, do you very best! Please win, win and win them over. Be extemely educational so they finally understand. Will watch you tonight.
Thank you, Senator. Please emphasize this at your rally in SF on Friday!!!!! We can't let #GrahamCassidyBill become law.
if this passes it will prove you are the most effective whip for conservative votes in DC
@realDonaldTrump is a terrifying POTUS! This bill makes a bold statement on how our Nation's leaders view our health and well being.
Keep pushing for Single Payer! The @GreenPartyUS  has had it on their platform for over 20 years! Hopefully more Dems are on board! :)
the Green never has anything that actually bears fruit!  All talk no walk
No not true. In California they are working to get #sb562
Who will pay Bernie? The Middle Class. Of course we will. Which is why we won't vote for you. We will vote for someone who cares about us.
Please Bernie, don't do this debate with Cassidy -Graham. It's what they want,  you're playing right into their hands.Wait until after 9/30.
@SenSanders  don't take the bait. push against their bill till Sat. Then let's rev up!No debate needed2 kill their bill
Classical Collectivist vs Individualist. Bernie wants us to become like Venezuela and North Korea Return power back to states, let CA pay SP
Or Canada, Australia, Europe,  all with SP healthcare !
And look what happened to poor little Charlie Gard under UK authoritarian healthcare system:-
Yes, he was protected by the courts from an American quack who said he could cure an incurable disease he diagnosed without meeting Charlie.

Bernie, why would you say that?

Nobody wants to "destroy" healthcare.  Stop promoting free entitlements.  Let's meet & have a real debate!
Why do the GOP want it to have no debate ?
I don't get why if this is so bad, Sens in states affected that are maybe predominately GOP would even vote for it.

You're forgetting all the people who have died because of OCare. Most people can't afford to use it and don't go to doctor.
O care isn't perfect, but doctors & hospitals know better than the GOP IMO.
 https://nyti.ms/2pMnxJc  &
That's because those groups drink from the government teat and want more money. Of course they love OCare. They'd take SP too if offered.
So when it comes to healthcare you can't trust doctors & hospitals? 
More likely that you are believing partisan propaganda IMO.
Patients decide what treatment they want, not doctor associations and special interest groups. #GrahamCassidy will return power to states.
The GOP is lying to you.

Nearly everyone who knows anything about health care hates Trumpcare https://thinkprogress.org/congress-special-interests-obamacare-ef802a4dac1b/ … via @thinkprogress
That's a left-wing propaganda website. As I said, if Bernie and the dems wants SP, go right ahead. I'm all for states rights. Just not fed.
Now is the time for YOU to stop muddying the waters,  confusing people, and making a mess that doesn't need to be made  RIGHT NOW! Timing!
Damn the bots and frauds were fast to respond to this tweet. Lmao
You were against single payer before you were for it. Which is it are you for it it against it? How's it going to be paid for? By the Govt?
You are putting the final nail in ACA. Why are pushing single payer before Sept 30? Why are you pushing single payer when Dems not in power?
@SenJohnMcCain What about Senior Citizens, & severely handicaped?! Medicare is needed for care facilities and nursing homes. What say you?
We have to fight this America this is worse then there first and second attempts
Deadly disaster time for the health of America.
Take your Socialist fight to Venezuela or Cuba. This is America not some 3rd rate puppet state controlled by politicians. #MAGA
Also, this will be the end of this. 51 vote majority for passage expires in a few days. Folks might not know this. Time to act is now!!!
Socialism and controle puts people in poverty, capitalism gets them out of it , its took 70 years for Russians to get rid of socialism .
Then you need to cancel the stupid town hall on CNN. You will hand the GOP the votes for it! DUMB IDEA. WORST POSSIBLE IDEA!
You know? I kinda like the way "Berniecrat" rolls off the lips.
How's it been going so far.
We need single payer for Americans. Emphasis on word Americans and not - for all.
America = North, Central & South America. OK. I'm down for that. Eliminate the borders, too.
Ok US citizens and legal aliens if you want to be more accurate.
Dude you are literally running on destroying our healthcare industry and replacing it with a crappier version of europe.
Thank you, @SenSanders for all your hard work and your passion. Give'em  HELL Bernie! Tell us how we can support your efforts.
please do not give Lindsey Grahm a platform to get support for his disaster of a bill. Postpone this debate and let this thing fail.


Communism Never Died, It Was Cleverly Repackaged for the Historically Impaired & Useful Idiots 

#LeftistAgenda 

…
This is total bullshit.  I want my ACA.
This cant happen, repbulicans have to know this is a bad idea. When will someone POTUS that enough is enough
