Wouldn't it be nice to have an actual D who supports the ACA  debating HC? Hint: @BernieSanders is not a democrat.
We have a sour Hillary bot
Nope. Just a realistic one.
Im supposed to take the daily beast seriously? Find something more middle ground& this is coming from someone people would call liberal
The GOP has used fear mongering of Sander's single payer broken record for a long time. Not rocket science, dude.
Changing environment of the people and took over... the status quo Dems kept shit in neutral then wonder what happened
Your guy lost, bro.
In a primary admittedly rigged for her.  Please research the Harvard Harris poll. What is Clinton doing for people now?  Any town halls?
Why in god's name did you book a senator who obstructed the ACA to now defend it? Sanders?! This is f'ing insane.
he, uh, helped write the ACA
Actually, he opposed and obstructed it.
"In a series of high-stakes legislative maneuvers, Sanders struck a deal to include $11 billion for health clinics in the law."
source:
Yes, after obstructing, he did what he does: piggybacked on others' legislation.
Are you, uh, unfamiliar with how legislation works? It's drafted by committees. He was part of the relevant committee.
If you are of the impression Sanders was by any means a supportive asset in the ACA's drafting, you are woefully misinformed.
This seems rigged already. Sanders isn't a Democrat and doesn't represent the Democratic Party. #Resist #FakeNews #Fascists
Most popular politician in the country
Didn't he lose to Clinton, who then beat Trump by more than 3,000,000? 

Clinton wouldn't of been my first choice, but she's smart and a D.
She is also hated..Bernie is the most popumar politician in the country woth tje same message for 40 pmus years. It is just the public is
The same message that's only accomplished naming a few post offices. Sanders is an activist not a expert on healthcare.
What is Clinton doing for the American people at this moment... any town halls or meeting with them?
Who's asking Clinton to do town halls? We want an actual Democrat who understands political realities, not an activist.
Team Bernie.
Team Amy

There is no Obama Care.
Whose paying for Sanders?!

"He's not even a democrat!" 
It is brave him to take on the mantel of defending ACA publicly since Ds will then say he failed if it passes.
They should have Jimmy Kimmel as a guest speaker.
Only if Ben Shapiro is also invited
But Bernie is not fighting for Obamacare. He should not be a part of this.
He's been fighting the GOP repeal since day one


I honestly cannot explain why any Senator would vote for Graham-Cassidy, such a cruel bill. But Republicans almost have the votes.
Just b/c Bernie knows Medicare for All is better for everyone doesn't mean he's not fighting in the meantime to stop GOP from repealing ACA
If this was a GC vs MFA debate yes, but I cant c Bernie spending 90min defending Ocare whn he wants something else. This seems like a trap.
Pretty sure he's capable of walking & chewing gum at the same time. He's wanted SP for decades, yet still managed to do all the above 
And considering the fact that he's been fighting for healthcare reform for decades, I think he's the perfect person to debate the GOP here
He has been supporting ACA...as has Rep Conyers and many others who have co-sponsored both bills.
That's not true.
You can listen to his commentary when he went against Cruz and others. He has been quite clear and adamant that the ACA must be protected
Against objection from his staff he put off introducing #MedicareForAll during the last ACA repeal attempt. Told them it was priority #1.
This move is poorly timed political ineptness. He's been baited to debate for a reason
Baited, poorly timed? Trump tweeted he wanted to debate him.
Response: anywhere, anytime.
Trump response: *crickets*
He won't yammer T evil.
Great, three people trashing the ACA and only ONE defending it...
Anybody ever wonder why Switzerland has the best healthcare?
Please be prepared to give specific details on how you're going to pay for your Medicare for all. Don't assume people will buy generalities.
He already did. A long time ago. https://live-berniesanders-com.pantheonsite.io/issues/medicare-for-all/ …
They are going to gut his ass over the tax brackets. I will venture to say the term Robin Hood comes up in debate. His plan is not on table?
Maybe, but this debate is supposed to be about the ACA vs Graham-Cassidy bill. I'm sure the GOP will bring it up SP but Bernie will be ready
I know a lot of Dems believe u will promote Medicare4all but we both know that will take years n the ACA needs 2 stay in place n be expanded
I believe in u! I know u will represent the best interests of our country. ACA expansion leads 2 a smoother transition 4 medicare4all.
Pointless debate.  We need Graham and Cassidy to slow down and answer to the Americans affected by this mistake of a bill.
Not an American, thus, but feel so greatly for the people enjoying  the obamacare, just leave it, DARN  it!!
#CassidyGraham #KillTheBill #healthcare #debate
May the force be with you @SenSanders
So, being its on @cnn nobody will watch.  You sure as heck wont be able to blame it on the @nfl.  Wait, @dallascowboys will be playing 

Lol
So, 2 Republicans, 1 Democrat, and 1 guy who will confuse the issue while pandering to his cultists? Okay, CNN.
So Senator Sell Out to the Billionaire Donors, how are you this morning? Enjoying a muffin knowing you will be responsible for people dying?
Good morning to you!
Good morning, Susan, and Sen. Graham, are you still hell bent on prostituting yourself for Sheldon Adelson while Shelby Anderson suffers?
kick his ass seabass
BREAKING: ALL 50 Medicaid Directors come OUT AGAINST Graham-Cassidy. ALL 50 STATES...LARGEST Health Insurance provider in the country.
' Oh Good, Great...and will all of Mexico be eligible for Healthcare in the debate, or just 12,000,000. Let's find out Monday...CNN 9p
Shouldn't the debate be between ACA and graham cassidy.  Bringing in single payer muddies the water.
So watching this Bernie is gonna crush them @SenSanders
what's fair is fair
We can't wait that long why isn't this happening in the forum we pay them in?
Didn't we already see @SenSanders get smoked by @tedcruz on this subject on CNN?
You mean how Ted Cruz argued that "governmint bad" and that's basically it? Yeah he "won"
Well, g'ment is bad so I don't see your argument?
Sooner we start killing Billionaires, the better we'll be. 
Yes bc exterminating a group of people doesn't make you sound like a Nazi at all
Noooooooooooooooooooooo ! No thank you. Thank you very much for the offer though. Just go back to Vermont Bernie. You don't matter anymore.
if you care about #SaveACA please call @amyklobuchar to get another democrat who supports ACA on the panel.
Then maybe he should join the Democratic party. Until then, he's not a Democrat. Why is this so hard for some people to understand?
neoliberal justice Dem, progressive, don't care what u r. Just want someone to debate ACA not MFA
2) grandparents that I have to take care of. Please go away.
The 'go away' was from someone whose plate is overflowing. Forgive her lack of patience. We also want healthcare for all. Go pick on the GOP
No thanks.  Why does @CNN love Bernie?  Now @KamalaHarris I'd watch!  The future of dem party!
Bernie= most popular politician in the country...been fighting for the little people for 40 plus years
Popular to whom?
Look up the Harvard Harris poll my friend
Oh I wasn't asked. In fact probably lots of POC (aka those who didn't vote for Bernie) weren't asked
May the odds be ever in our favor. #GrahamCassidyNO
I love Bernie but hope he doesn't push his plan
For sure! God forbid anyone says healthcare is a human right. That might put Lindsey Graham on the spot. 
Why Sanders?  This is about ACA.  How about another Democrat?
Sanders has these grandiose ideas but zero implementation plans. How about Harris?? Much better choice!
Agree  And Harris would be fantastic!!
Harris? Someone who's only been in the senate 9 months and had nothing to do with passing the ACA? 
He’s more of a Dem than most Dems. I’m sick of these pro bank/wall st neolibs catering to the donor class over their constituents.
Same here
@amyklobuchar could you please get another democrat someone who helped write ACA instead of Bernie who campaigned against it? @DNC
alternate universe. he supported it strongly, while saying it was a step in the right direction. find some evidence.
He also helped expand it to include clinics that brought healthcare to 32 million more Americans.
I googled this and can't find where he expanded ACA and brought in 32 mill people. Link?
2/2 it and only coming on board at the end.
Socialists vs. Communists. I dig it
how stupid do you have to be to think the Republican Party is communist?
I'd like to see G/C debating a few, oh say... Ins cos, Doctors, ADA, AARP, AHA, etc. Just pick a few and let's rock!
This is the worst idea and CNN shame on you for letting America be stuck with Graham Cassidy.  How could you? Do you have any honor?
Lindsey Graham Is the Biggest Fraud in the Senate
The architect of a draconian Obamacare repeal bill is proof that there are no more Republ
draconian Obamacare repeal bill is proof that there are no more Republican moderates.
BY CLIO CHANG
September 21, 2017
I'll be watching for sure!
Bernie don't give GOP a chance to change the conversation to argue against single payer instead of how bad the Graham/Cassidy bill is


@ScottJenningsKY @POTUS @SenateGOP TRUMP shouldn't complain about CNN,they have Trump lackey in Scott Jennings
I hope there is not enough votes to pass this socialistic, watered down version of Obamacare. Full repeal no replacement.
Why Sanders?
How to do get tickets to this townhall I live in N.Va and would love to attend
Will it be In solid steel cage?
This is a terrible idea, @SenSanders. Do not debate this terrible bill. Let it die and then debate.
Not a question but a statement- this "Half-Assidy" healthcare bill is not what people want or America needs.
Please defend the ACA on Monday! If you go there with ur single payer suggestion their hideous bill will probably pass.
#grahamcassidy #preexistingconditions #johnmccain #lindseygraham #billbassidy #KochBrothers #dallaspiggybank #lisamurkowski #ImpeachTrump
Vote for people vote repeal  and replace
This is unbelievably selfish bernie. Having this debate is great, having it days  before a vote, you're purposely moving the goalposts
I know Sens. Graham and Cassidy are wrong, but are Sanders and Frau Blücher
the right choice?
Will the winner get to choose which system we keep?
should be all or nothing. if Sanders/Klobuchar win, we all get healthcare. if Graham/Cassidy win, we all die.
Lindsey Graham is a criminal.

LOCK HIM UP!
http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/09/19/552044236/latest-gop-effort-to-replace-obamacare-could-end-health-care-for-millions?utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=npr&utm_term=nprnews&utm_content=20170920 …
This is the wrong time to be having this conversation with .@SenSanders unless u plan on talking ONLY about how this bill will kill us.
When people start dying, every Republican up for election will lose badly. Thank God I am on Medicare which should be available to everyone
Bernie's got this. 

Interesting choice in a debate partner though, figured they'd pick someone who endorsed his bill.
Not his choice to make - need a voice of reason, not radicalism
Who picked this panel, anyway. Sanders won't defend ACA, he's pushing his unrealistic M4A, which doesn't even have a way to pay for it.
Wish Jimmy Kimmel could be in the audience#
@SenSanders  gloves off Bernie. Shocking how anyone can defend this. Monsters trying to deny healthcare.
It's the Affordable Care Act at risk. Universal cov isn't on the table currently. Conflict for ratings is destructive to all.
Arguing these nonissues won't help us. Everyone needs to stay focused on the real issues.  Healthcare that's fair to all and affordable.
Cassidy is a fucking joke
@LindseyGrahamSC but will graham and Cassidy tell the truth finally.  Can they be strapped to lie detectors?
@CNN NO. NO. NO!
A MISOGYNIST who's AGAINST the healthcare people WANT, arguing Cassidy & Graham?? GET @HillaryClinton OR @RepAdamSchiff!!
I wish they'd have @ChrisMurphyCT with AK instead. He knows this stuff in and out.
Bernie's been fighting for decent healthcare longer than Murphy's been in Congress.
Murk 'em Bernie
Oh my, I will be watching....Have your facts ready...Hospitals, doctors, nurses and even major health plans are against this bill
I'm good with this.  I hope compassion prevails after all is said and done.
Bernie will do fine,he will do a great job.
Q: Do Americans deserve healthcare?
@LindseyGrahamSC: No.

All I need to know.
Looking at these comments we are in trouble in 2020 if we keep fighting between democrats and progressives. Big trouble
We cannot win unless we're united. We weren't last year. Now look at what's happened!
If only there was a reason to stop fighting each other. Perhaps something bigger to fight against.
#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare
I DO NOT support the Rs disastrous health bill and feel that this debate could be a gift to them.  Air the debate after Sept 30th!
Luke 8:17"there is nothing hidden that will not be disclosed, and nothing concealed that will not be known or brought out into the open."
@LindseyGrahamSC do not think you can fool God or country! This "City on a Hill" made it through Nixon, we will make it through u & trump!
I hope this just aint no ratings ploy and that CNN calls out the inaccuracies, disinformation, deception, half truths & lies.
This is not the time for Sanders and Clinton camps to clash over who debates this bill. Keep your front united or we will lose this battle.
i'm a Dem. we have many great Dem Senators to speak on ACA &Graham Cassidy. Sanders, not a Dem, isn't one of them.nothing to do w/ Clinton
The #ACA affects everyone, not just Dems. Any senator who voted for ACA and against the many repeals should be welcomed to champion it.
i don't think he can resist his ego urge to grandstand his own plan at the expense of saving the ACA.Bad choice for this week.
Tell Bernie the Marxist to bring his checkbook.
During Monday Night Football...Good luck with that!
Why don't they debate this on the Senate floor and all can be part of the discussion. This is a game so that Graham/Cassidy can say we tried
I think its because they think Sanders will push his plan and not fight for ACA.
I do agree some Sanders is not a Democrat. He just joined the election to call HRC crooked Hillary
He is a registered independent. He ran as a Dem because he knew he was too radical for GOP.
Health care for millions of Americans under ACA is in jeopardy, but you choose to host a debate about single payer? WHY?

"Affordable Care Act"... shit news outlet
Really, this Needs To Stop!! People's lives are at stake here.

Girl. You need to stick to having you lips at the glory hole, sunny girl. You just signed your death nell.
That aught to be amazing
Want to see that!
You have bet your identity on a corrupt casino huckster and on the glories of turning Americans away from their hospitals and doctors. .
This will be an absolute bloodbath.
It would be much better if there was a debate between Obama and Trump about the ACA and Graham-Cassidy bill.
I'd pay GOOD money for that!!!!
I would pay all the money for that.
They could make a fortune on Pay-Per-View for that debate holly shit that would be so much fun to watch.
Well that will be a fair fight
Klobuchar,the kickbutt Hennepin County Attorney was very good at her job. Good luck Graham&Cassidy you'll need it. Hint: don't patronize her
The GOP is trying to change the conversation do not let them Bernie focus on how bad this bill is for US families
I will be busy watching Rachel
Graham is a fossil and the people of SC are waking up to that fact that he is a globalist of the first order.

That will probably get a 100 viewers.
Another 15 mins for the Bernster. Make it count & make it Bern LOL 
NOBODY. WANTS. YOUR. CRAPPY. BILL. MAJORITY WANTS ACA. NO GC. NO R/R. WORK W/ Ds ON ACA. *THAT* IS WHAT THE PEOPLE WANT, I.E. YOUR JOB!!
Post a live survey and show results after debate
Are y'all #leaking the questions like last time? @HillaryClinton
HOW CAN YOU LIFE WITH YOURSELF? HOW CAN YOU DO THIS TO PEOPLE LIKE ME? 
I CAN'T LIVE NOW. 
I'M RUINED.
Sanders gets REKT on CNN part 2
@BernieSanders put a boot in their ass!
Lol, kinda like what he did to Ted Cruz... oh wait, he got his ass kicked.
Hey @billmaher  here is the most popular politician in the country working tirelessly. He's the same person some of your smug guests shit on
Here's a topic you can discuss - how every major medical org opposes this steaming pile of :
Why not @SenSchumer or @NancyPelosi ? @CitizensFedUp @MattMurph24 @bannerite @dumptrump33
It will have such a small audience it won't matter anyway...
Chris Murphy is a Democrat & should be the other DEMOCRAT in this debate!
Fucked America Again. Could not wait until September 30. Narcissistic blow hard. Never should have ran. Obamacare repeal is your fault.
The Graham -Cassidy bill is an abomination!! It is not health care it is deathcare!!!!!
Why is the debate always on a left leaning news organization. Did the Dems go on Fox and debate Republicans before they slammed O'care thru.
