Health care is a human right. Every American should be able to see a doctor when they’re sick. That’s why I support #MedicareForAll. 
How is this going to happen with a Republican House, Senate, and President? Was this not considered? Are we accepting A for effort now?
Pressure from both sides. Almost half of Republicans support a Single Payer healthcare system.
Not a single Rep in congress. This is legislative masterbation. Were not getting HC before 2020 at best, lets not also waste time and effort
So let's never try anything ever. Sounds great! See you at the Centrist March to Keep Everything the Same Always.
Remember when everyone said same sex marriage would never happen? Few short years, we were all getting wedding invitations. #Medicare4All
After a Democratic President nominated 2 SC Justices and said he was for it. You gotta win.
Yep. Tides change. This one is changing quickly so get ready for 2018 and healthcare for all.
Hey, I'm down. Prob 2020 at the earliest though. We gotta vote.
Thank you @SenSanders the way always taking care for American people.
I'm glad that my two Senators from New Mexico are supporting healthcare for all. I am disabled and it literally means life for me.
What have you been doing up to now?
illness. Instead, I just get meds that help with dulling some symptoms. I currently live a very low quality of life. After some time, I
Just what we need, another @TheDemocrats project. I had enough with Obama Care. Single payer has VA written all over it 6 months till doctor
I live in Canada.  If I called my doctor today I'd have an appt by the end of the week if not tomorrow morning.
You're quite misinformed my friend
Lol. Dipwad?  Why would I lie?  I could see my family doctor by the end of Friday if I called tomorrow morning.  That's my experience.
I believe you because #1 you use the word dipwad. #2 Because you are from Canada and are worried about my health care. #3 Trolls are cheap!
Lol. You're right. Your system that bankrupts families and has poorer outcomes than most other nations is the best.
Bernie, we have the momentum.

Carry it all the way to 2020. Run again!
Lol
Hold it right there Senator! What gives you the right to Guarantee any benefit? Doesn't congress need to pass first?, and President sign?
We don't want one shoe fits all health care this is America not a socialist country Thank God
They can just pay for it or do you expect drs to do it for FREE
I feel the the Bern paying for this himself!
Why doesn't Bernie ever post himself?
Many doctors will not see Medicaid or Medicare patients because they lose money. Health care is not a right.
Y'all better hang onto that till 2018 or 2020 because it's not going nowhere today
Dear senator Sanders
U.S. politicians usually say "America" instead say U.S.
America is a North to South pole continent
There will be many false arguments against, just as in every country where Universal Healthcare was introduced. None have ever changed back
Thank you @SenatorTomUdall  for supporting Medicare for all!!!
Everyone can see a doctor when they are sick. Lol.
You won't be happy until we have bread lines and you're living above it paying 13.5% in one of 3 homes. Typical commie hypocrite
We already have guaranteed healthcare you are going for healthcare insurance power grab.
.@dnc come on .@SenSchumer get on board U know .@medicareworks_ is the way to go/
In socialize med countries people can't see doctors when they're sick. They WAIT! Some die waiting. I have family in U.K. That have died
Thank you,  Bernie, for being the one leader we can all look to each and every day.
Name dropping only proves your an opportunist and frankly makes me sick . I don't even feel better even though I should .
Maybe try and thanking the people who voted for you for I don't know 20 years and finally a result ??? These 12-13 democrats didn't make you
Drop the extra and . Also we will wait for results . I've been waiting since 93 when Hillary tried to do the same.
You're a good Santa. Free healthcare. Free college. Anything else you can give us for our vote? I'm not happy with just 2 entitlements
In the health care system patients are unhappy, doctors overworked, only health conglomerates are profiting and happy.
Why are you above the healthcare you force on the American people? Make it mandatory for congress to have Obamacare.
So Bernie when are you and other law makers going to put yourselves on the same healthcare you are forcing on the American people?
Yes, thank you, @SenatorTomUdall @SenatorTomUfor endorsing #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll! Let's do this!!!! #NM
Bernie, please stay behind.
What does that even mean?
medicare for all? Then get rid of Teaparty congress who commits voter fraud by running as Republican when they have different platform!
#OOOPSReally

there is already free health care, check e r rooms on Friday nights and see who pays for it. Nothing is free
Healthcare is major but GOP doesn't see the need. Dental, which affects all aspects of the body, gets no coverage, never mentioned
It's not forwards if it's been tried and failed a hundred times before. Socialism falls. 100% of the time.
YEAH! #NewMexico represent!
Are you going to sell out again if it gets tough? Lost my respect when you aided H. Don't try making new mousetrap, call German insurers
Closer and closer
hell yeah. also noticed the bit at the end regarding provisions for the Indian Health Service. double hell yeah.
Until leftists stop this open borders and sanctuary cities BS, I will never vote in favor of socialized care. We already can't afford it.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah! American Children have dreams too! You don't care about the American people
Don't prison inmates get free health care? Will you and Jane have free health care there Bernie
You can't guarantee what you can't pay for.
Thank you senator udall
It's never going to pass.
Same healthcare you get Bern? Wait, We The People aren't worthy for that Congress healthcare!
Evwen for thieves and thugs who commit fraud, OH they are on the gravy train Already.
Senator... you are my representative. People are finally coming around! Tisa from Rutland
Comical that some of those paying for your new tax will be the same docs who have to provide care without proper comp.  Screwed on both ends
Never stop campaigning for socialism U know they dumped you once and they have no heart so plan on them doing it again
Healthcare is not a right!!!! Make some law that actually save us money. Term limits for politicians w/ the same retirement & benefits as us
#MedicareForAll 
Hey Tom & Bernie, got my new healthcare premium notice. From $800 to $1200 rate. What's your new rate ? 
*your*, Senator
And when they are healthy too!
Here is the real Russian collusion. socialist society healthcare by Bernie  Sanders .Now what to do with obamacare. Can't have both.Cruel
We just passed a national debt of 20 trillion. This program will not be deficit neutral enjoy the new federal income tax rate increases.
Thieves.
Nothing is free, I paid and my employers paid for medicare. What makes you think that it should be available to everyone. Share your pension
Everything about this screams fear mongering and ignorance. Meanwhile.....
I do hope hope that y'all get voted out on your ass 2018
How is it paid for? How will it be implemented?
How are you going to pay for it? Oh never mind I will, such idiots
Free Healthcare, Housing, and Food were all provided as rights of slaves. Don't be fooled.
Healthcare is a Human Right @RepAndyBiggsAZ @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain @RepGosar @RepTrentFranks @RepMcSally @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
The list of the swamp to be voted out in the future
According to @potus @housegop & @SenateGOP we are supposed to suck it up & use all of our savings if we are weak enough to become ill.
Will YOU also use it????
Amen-God Bless you all!
Insurance is not a right!
Pile on, congress critters. Even those who dissed single payer in the past :)
Hi guys, love what yer doing with the tweets about medical care. Any idea when something might happen in the real world?
Brotha Bernie, I'm with you because your unofficial slogan is "It's not me, it's YOU" and you prove it everyday.
Can we have the right to free strippers for all?
ooooor, we could check in with that single payer utopia of Venezuela first. Just to see how it all works out.
GREAT positive profiling! Thanks, Bernie & team!
SIGNAL PAYER IS NOT AMERICAN the Majority of Americans voted for President Trump to DRAIN THE WASHINGTON SWAMP TERM LIMITS 
Hey Bank Fraud Bernie, you chicken crap demorats said obumercare was to provide health care to EVERYONE!! You are LYARS LYARS LYARS!!!
Affordable healthcare is a human right. I'm a teacher and can't afford healthcare for my sons
If you were rich you could buy government subsidized hurricane insurance for your mansion and golf course.
Show me the part of the Constitution that says we have the right to healthcare. I'll wait.
I knew Tom would man up!
Keep going loving the forward move
@SenSanders will everyone (ALL) be paying their own way? And how will this be sustainable when we're 20 trillion in debt?
And will everyone in congress and those working for them have the same coverage as we do?
Can we get this passed?  If you can you will be president in 2020
You are never gonna get how democracy works. Government loves spending other people's money.
Americans are sick and tired of Washington .The do nothing Congress and the loud mouth in the Oval Office .Do your Jobs !
We all currently have the right to healthcare-it's just insanely expensive. Thank your socialist-political leaders for that.

I love how Hillary supporters say they prefer Chris Murphy's bill when he said he will talk with Bernie to co sponser the Sanders Bill.


https://youtu.be/qVUSLxQyy9c 

https://youtu.be/dj5MZ3RHIPI 
Boooo!! Blindly inticing #americans with affordable health care with $700BILLION in smoking/alcohol/obesity annual costs in US is criminal.
This endless military budget increases need to stop
https://youtu.be/qitAZcorCe0 

Where are the democrats that are going to try to end these senseless wars?
The majority of the American people support the idea of universal health care as a right. Thank you both.
Hey Bernie are we going to have the same health care plan as you and the rest of the swamp has?
Yes!
Keep it burning Bernie!
Have you had a chance to talk with @SenSherrodBrown to see why he's holding out on us over here in Ohio?
Cause he will be voted out and he knows this
There are more of us than you realize. If the Senator can do the right thing, we'll make sure he stays in office.
I know Senator Brown isn't getting my vote in the 2018 midterms if he can't do what's right for the citizens of this great state. #M4A
SENATOR WE ARE IN THIS ALTOGETHER! THE WORLD! NOT JUST AMERICA!
Let's go bankrupt together Oh I forgot the rich will pay for it just like they will pay for free college ,new roads the rich ,etc
Pay your own way like I did & still do. Healthcare for all. Healthcare monthly bills for all
I hope your fellow colleagues stick to their word @SenSanders cause if they don't, don't be surprised.
However, if they do stick to their word, then they are doing it to get re-elected not because they want Medicare for all Americans.
SENATOR THAT IS JUST ONE EXAMPLE 10% OF ALL CARS MADE THEY SAVE ON LAWSUITE AND YOU GET YOUR WAY!
I sure wish senators @senorrinhatch & @SenMikeLee could put partisan politics aside and make a move to push healthcare forward for all!
Please run in 2020, let's start campaigning now! #OurRevolution It's time Bernie! You called, we came, DO IT!! It's not too late!!
No! Don't want socialism.
SENATOR MANY CAR COMPANIES ARE ALREADY DOING THIS LOOK AT VOLKSWAGEN BECAUSE OF THEIR MESS !GIVE THEM A BREAK IN LAW SUITE !THEY WILL CONVER
Absolutely very crucial for working families.
Don't make me pay for this crap. This is why we need #Trump on healthcare tax reform and govt downsizing now
I believe in retirement for all, no matter what the age.
What happened to FREE college tuition for all? Oh yeah, Trump won. So, Medicare for all will help Trump get re-elected, right? #SplitDemVote
Thank you for ensuring President Trump a 2nd term.
We're not a socialist country Bernie!
We will be if he gets his way
U r a communist. Go move to Russia, Cuba or Venezuela
Said the bot. 
While going forward how about pay for your $450,000 debt you seem to be overlooking.
If you want put the pressure on Dems to support #MedicareForAll like & retweet!
#Healthcare should be a basic human right! NO EXCEPTIONS!!! #MedicareForAll
The time for #SinglePayer is now! Like & RT if you agree!

healthcare is not a human right. car insurance is not a human right either.
no car insurance wrecks your car.
no health care kills you.
DIFFERENCE.

lol Debunked. Long ago. http://www.snopes.com/bernie-sanders-audi-8/ … Old meme is old.
Honestly, I could care less what the deranged man drives. The pic is funny. Just like his single payer plan.
Deranged?  Ya God forbid we join the rest of the civilized world with health care! The horror! 
Before my pockets get dug into anymore with outlandish pipe dreams, let's address the rampant medical costs. Single payer is BS.
Single payer saves trillions. You know this & it cuts cost for everybody. Cut medical cost? In a free market for profit system?  Sure.
I have insurance, I am good. Don't need to pay for everyone else's.

Love you so much Senator Sanders.
Translation - 

Thank you @SenatorTomUdall for also being a commie.
Thank you for being on the right side of history (:
Art.
China could pass great investment in Senate.
