Sanctions are evil and unnecessary
#Sanctions are a #warcrime
So you support the draconian sanctions against North Korea and Trump’s bellicose stance, which threatens nuclear war? This makes you as dangerous as him!
Dear Senator Sanders:
I m NOT strongly supportive of sanctions on NORTH Korea--We SHOVED them in2 that box, separating thm fr #FAMILY

I m NOT in favor of sanctions against #RUSSIA--Russia has made great strides in contributions 2 th world.

BUT> Our military is in 100+countries.
Bernie good? SANCTIONS good??? Sanctions BAD. Bernie bad.

"I'm cool with starving the Koreans but im still kind of iffy on destabilizing iran's economy"
You support sanctions on Russia and North Korea???? What the actual fuck
Bernie Sanders is just an old sheepdog who seeks to lure young socialists into the neoliberal Democratic abbatoir.
 All of those sanctions he's pushing are Imperialist economic violence against Korean & Russian people, and neo-McCarthyist nonsense. Forget Bernie already.

Why not Israel?

Oh Bernie  smh
Sanction kill innocent people
Uhhhh
god DAMNIT, grandpa, stop saying stupid shit like this. sanctions don't solve anything
C'mon, Bernie. This is bullshit and you should know better.
Why sanction anyone?
Causetook hostile action against OURfor their gainThat's why
No they didn't.
YES THEY DIDI trust @NSAGov @CIA who developed #stuxnet that haltedthan'Execs'in tech firm that know nothing about coding/systems dev.
You trust hand-picked NSA/CIA officials who's evidence is based on discredited agency - Crowdstrike.
No,I trust"CODERS"/"ANALYSTS"in @symantec more than"execs"(like know nothing managers I worked with);@frontlinepbs http://www.pbs.org/video/2365798707/ …
Why doesn't US establishment want to do this?
Russia wants to prevent the militarization of cyber space, create international rules to prevent digital arms race https://www.rt.com/news/397764-russia-aims-to-stop-cyber-warfare/ … 
Another"UnEstablished"News SiteMaybe After all,Putin even deniesshotto downover Ukraine
Always with the excuses. Everybody else is wrong. You're right. And where is your statement on #TransRightsAreHumanRights ?
You have GOT TO BE KIDDINGLY! You just described Trump!
You're so right! It can describe both Sanders and @realDonaldTrump - about time you realized that.
Lol disagree in part, to late now.. But the best pick amongst Trump, Clinton and Bernie was Bernie... At least his ego isn't bursting!
Bullsh*t. He has a trumplike ego.
Wait do you actually believe what you just said? What makes you think Bernie has a large ego?
I would also like to know what makes anyone thinks Bernie has a large ego..
They listen to him.
Russia hacked the election that benefited you, and you refuse to vote for sanctions against them. This adds up to a pretty damming picture.
How did Russia "hack" the election? That's absurd on its face.
"Absurd on it's face" is your witless pretense that Russian misinformation didn't directly aid Bernie. What a dummy.
I’d love to hear this one, you f’n cable news dolt. If you get your info from TV, which you clearly do, consider that you aren’t particularly informed. Now if you please, we’re all waiting for you to present this evidence that isn’t available to anyone else.
“Here, let me google that for you.”
Feel free to provide a link to some tangible evidence that the Russians gamed the election.
Again, if credible evidence is presented then I’ll believe it. Until then, the people screaming treason have the burden of doubt. Trump is corrupt but it’s going to have less impact if the highly suspect Russiagate narrative proves to be nonsense.
Delete this
im living for your name omg
Sanctions are stupid, Bernie.
Why? I honestly don't know.
Sanctions make it harder to get things that people need. For instance sanctions on the dprk have made it harder for hospitals to get medicine for children.
Watch Press TV’s exclusive report on everyday life in North Korea
#PressTVInNorthKorea 
That's terrible. What do you v propose instead?
Remove thaad from south korea, remove us troops, end sanctions, remove us equipment in the area, and hope for the best.
Ok, but what if DPRK attacks South Korea?
This is what the us has done to korea. Not only that but they set up dictators in the south like park chung hee and syngman rhee. Nothing the dprk could do to south korea would be as bad as what the us did. Besides we weren't invited. The us has no buisness there.
So if the DPRK attacks, we should stay out of the conflict?
Looking for Putins help in 2020...
Use a napkin to wipe your drool instead of your hand, more effective
I don't understand the North Korean sanctions, Literally we're starving the citizens while Kim gets fatter.
How are they supposed to resist the toxic regime of the Kim family if they're being starved? What have we done to help them? Nothing.
If you'd listen to actual refugees, they'll tell you how bad it is. The sanctions will not help them, it only strengthens Kim's hold.
We need a dialogue, not sanctions against citizens. Because that's who's being hurt, not the actual leaders.
You were one of two senators, r u kidding? This is akin to blocking clinton in the election. Get off your high horse.
I believe all these things are a something to make people busy to not feel America are getting involve to another unjust and unfair war!
Im disappointed.why would U want sanctions onRussia when theres no evidence of interference?This is a nuclear super-power, not to mess with.
Probably because they invaded Ukraine
What are sanctions v Russia about? Why supporting them? Based on #RussiaGate bs?
Probably for invading Ukraine. In case anyone forgot about that
Should have voted that way then
He voted against it because of the Iran part, as he is explaining in his tweet.
Ty
Whyyy
Oh really then why did you vote NO?

Traitor!
Because He does not want any sanctions on Iran?
Bernie's a'okay with Russia just not Iran?

Bern is insane
Tell me. Why sanction Iran?
The point is false equivalency between the true threats on democracy from Russia vs... faint whatevers from iran.
Sanctions on Iran are a violation of the Iran Nuclear Deal.
Expanding those sanctions & the nuclear  deal are 2 separate issues.
Not expanding sanctions are actually a part of the deal
we often agree mr sanders but you are wrong here
what good will come of the sanctions
nothing
US imperialism must end

These sanctions are against the will of our European allies! There is ZERO proof Russia hacked the election, sad to see you agree with this.
How's life on that fence?
Cause life is so. Lack and white you dolt. Nuance
Sir, you embarrass the good twitt name with all those typos.
I kno
No on the sanctions Bernie
America is desperate for a war with Iran. Everything America does is meant to harm them.
ehhh, the russian sanctions are mostly on individual ppl and mostly on things like weapons. no one's proposing a sanction on food or medication. well, except trump.
fair enough, though I'm mostly thinking of the North Korean sanctions here
thing is, they're sanctioning corps from doing business w the gov't there, not ind ppl. again w the exception of our potus. the only ppl preventing n. korean civilians from receiving outside care pkgs is the n. korean gov't. food/meds should not included in standard sanctions.
god making that fit into one tweet was hell, sorry.
to clarify: what we had before were sanctions, trump's proposing a blockade under the guise of "sanctions." like what we did to cuba.
All part of the plan to isolate and weaken North Korea in the hopes they won't be able to stand up to American imperialism any longer. Bernie might not be up for escalating to a war with North Korea like Trump probably is, but supporting the sanctions is supporting imperialism.
north korea is a fascist military dictatorship run entirely on slave labor. and i believe this not bc of some propaganda. i have read article upon article, watched interviews for hours with ppl who defected and left or infiltrators from s. korea.
Come on, Bernie? Really?
#WarmongerDeFactoDemSanders! #SellOutSanders! Can't wait to vote against yourvre-election -Vermont Resident! @ Jimmy_Dore
Que? http://freecriticalthinking.org/daily-pickings/2230-context-is-everything …
من به شدت از تحریم های روسیه و کره شمالی حمایت می کنم. با این حال، من بسیار نگران هستم در مورد رویکرد رئیس جمهور ترامپ به ایران.
So I thought that you are interested in peace. Shame! #Russiagate Intel Vets Challenge ‘Russia Hack’ Evidence
That “VIPS” memo is fake news. Their “timestamp analysis” is severely flawed, for a variety of reasons. I’ll link to my earlier thread.
My tweetstorm debunking the memo. I’ve read all the news stories & infosec experts I could find. Russia hacked them.
That conclusion based on time stamps is ridiculous. Time stamps can easily be modified. I’m assuming the files were compressed locally…
Two different “APTs” (organized, likely state-sponsored hacker groups) attacked the DNC & DCCC servers, & John Podesta’s Gmail account.
I went into detail on the thread I linked to. I believe I’ve debunked all their points. Timestamps can be forged or the files were archived…
…on the DNC servers locally, before being exfiltrated by hackers. Perhaps both. A leak wouldn’t explain the spearphishing that got Podesta.
why r u supportive of sanctions against the dprk?
I am worried about Trump's approach to cocaine ;-)
Tough shit. You lost the election.... Remember?
Get off the Russia BS and form anew party already!
Stop supporting imperialism and go back to swindling white softboys out of their money to pay for your summer homes Bernie
Wtf Bernie. Cut this shit out please
Sanctions affect the vulnerable the most. How is hurting poor people In these countries going to help?
Sanctions only starve people and deepen hostilities, and for the US to claim the high ground to make such decisions is historically absurd.
You are strongly supportive of unilateral, illegal actions by the US on the international stage then. Shame on you #hypocrite
What are we hoping that sanctions on either of those countries would achieve? It seems pointless and imperialistic in their cases as well.
Define "hacked" then we'll talk. The best we seem to have at the moment is "they had internet trolls say mean things about Hillary."
And even granting that they "hacked" the election, how do these sanctions fix that? Are they time traveling sanctions?
At the end of the day, these sanctions are actually just economic military action on countries we want to undermine for coming engagements.
It's economic warfare. They are nuclear armed and so we weaken their economies and fight proxies against their allies.
But not worried about bank fraud...?
#abovethelaw
Dear @SenSanders, I don't agree with you. We shouldn't support sanctions, they don't solve problems.
The other course of action is war.
You forgot choice C:

Not being imperialist douchebags and minding our own business.

Might want to give that a try!
Yeah, we're not so good at that, there is no money in it.
Can we just all get along?
We COULD, but how would anyone make money?  The military industrial complex must churn along to pay it's ownership, and peace is not = to $$
How worried when Comrade Obama gave away the store to Iran? Glad you will never be POTUS, old fool
So now you're not just spewing Red Scare garbage to cover up the election fraud against you, you're going to starve poor people to do it?
Why are you supportive of such sanctions? That is the part of your position that is sorely lacking. What will sanctions accomplish?
North Korea? Can't say, but Russia? You must be insane. Try to co opt  Russia, its too big to be adversary
not good enough frankly... but grateful you voted against. Are you controlled opposition? Why not addtess the elction fraud FFS!
So ... given your vote ag. Magnitsky and Sanctions helping Russia, and Jill Steins ties to Russia ... hum ...
Sen. Sanders, here is the testimony from last week regarding Magnitsky- what were you thinking when act was passed? https://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/534864/ …
If you were for Russian sanctions why did you vote ag. Magnitsky Act?? Something weird is going on?  Russians 4 u since u would gut military
You're Totally flat out wrong @BernieSanders @SenSanders you KNOW there's NO REASON to sanction Russia. We smell a rat.
Youre disappointing most of your supporters. Why should Russia be sanctioned? Theyve done nothing to us. US deserves sanctions before Russia
So Iran which isn't obeying the BS treaty we signed with it, its ok with you and you want no action against them, classic, get a clue
Trump must have FACE TO FACE discussions with all leaders together from North Korea, China, Russia, and Iran to create world PEACE!
You should worry about the Mrs. going to prison.
Consider how stupid this is: you want to take on Russia & North Korea w/o taking on key Russia & North Korea ally
Worry worry worry all I do is worry worry worry...
Thank god you're not in charge of our foreign policy.
You must be joking. A radical Islamist govt on the way to getting a nuke and you are worried about taking a hard line?
Ahhhh yes Iran, bastion of free speech and women's rights. Let's fight for those guys, they totally won't nuke Israel.
The globalists are planning an attack on the United States. This will be  the "right event", that Rockefeller and Kissinger have spoken of.
"Gregory" you are clearly at Bot or Troll Overlord from a blank profile! Tell Russia 419-3, 98-2. Maybe Berners are tricked but we aren't!
RUSSIA DIDN'T HACK THE ELECTION. You're a fake.
I wake up each morning praying that Trump hasn't begun a war anywhere.
#Bernie why did you vote against the Russian sanctions? Just you and @RandPaul. 
#TrumpRussia #Resist
Because they were also sanctions on Iran
So why did you vote yes on this stupid rash childish bill?
Because he's a stupid delusional old man who says one thing then does another
I respect Bernie in many things. When it comes to foriegn policy he is not principled as he is in domestic issues.
He has many biases.
His stance on palestine is questionable at best.
Ya foreign policy is his weakest point for sure he's just clueless. Especially when it comes to Palestine/Israel
I think especially on Palestine, he's not clueless, he has strong bias in favor of Israel.
He simply doesn't care much about Palestinians.
I was giving him the benefit of the doubt. But you're right, he's just biased in favor of Israel and couldn't care less about Palestine
Yes. And I'm not just saying that. Watch his interview with J+ about palestine. He just repeat himself.. it's embarrassing.
DNC stole his presidency. Just like 2000 when Bush's cousins stole Florida and the general from Al Gore....
Why old man ? Want to send them more cash like your messiah did ? Disappear will ya ? Whens the indictment for bank fraud coming ?
What should he give them a pallet full of money? In cash?
Oh do you want to send them another plane loaded with cash like Obama? You seem gleeful about idea of Israel wiped off map.
The American people 'worry' about active, current infiltration of Russia in our country. Your vote did not help us. Seriously.
Then you should've voted for the sanctions. Period. Disappointed.
You're worried about Trump's approach to Iran? He's trying to pick up the pieces from Obama's approach to Iran.
Yeah, don't want to undo Obama's secret deal with a terrorist state now, do we?
Say's the old nasty Commie puke to has sidled up to the most devastating ideology known to the world.
Of course you are because Iran calls for death to America and as the communist you are im sure it's hard to be against that
You are right. Trump has zero understanding of Middle East. He should stop demonizing Iran when Saudi Arabia is the main problem.
Either
President  TRUMP should know that Iran is not Iraq not Afghanistan. Don't mess with. Iran.
thank you dear Bernie for your wise and great insight. people in Iran want US people know the reality about Iran. your are voice of freedom.
@SenMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan do not care about any of us. Don't waste your time with those trolls. Make sure they don't kill the middle class
I know you're a voice of reason. Please convince the monsters you work with to look out for Americans that aren't millionaires.
Maybe someone could do something about getting him and his racists and Wall Street weasels out of office?
I worry about his approach to everything. He is not very smart and not open to listening to people smarter than him. He is dangerous.
I am worried too.
I'm worried that you're a Socialist and the Democrats welcome you with open arms.
you shouldn't be supporting further sanctions on Russia either Bernie
Why did you vote against Russian sanctions?
duddddeee you used to give lectures next to Chomsky.. what happened.
Senator, sometimes compromise is necessary. Unfortunately, the GOP would likely sanction Iran anyway. At least this we sanction russia too.
I noticed something- you always refer to the President as President Trump unlike many other infantile people. You have class
You are right Iranians want to be independent and proud. They should have that right.
You probably want to send Iran more money.
Your not the president. So  no one  cares what you think except college kids that have been brainwashed.
If only you were the president..We would live in a very different (much better) world..Democrats' wrong choice in primaries has led us here
God Bless You Mr Bernie Sanders
sooopsi!
@mah_sadeghi محمود خان واقعا از سیاست اینا سر درمیاری؟؟؟ – at CT/MRI
Why because he won't lick their ass like obama
USA, USSR and NK are alliances, they always behave as if they were enemies so that the earth becomes frightened
That's why you aren't the president
Just because you can't pronounce Hezbollah through your pudding-filled lips doesn't mean it doesn't exist.
Is this why you voted no on the sanctions bill? I was surprised by that but this makes sense.
"And so I'll vote against the bill".. Papavitch Bernie said.
He has good reasons for doing what he does.
Yeah. Throwing out baby w bath water. Great idea.
Your no vote is suspicious Senator
Never heard this in your presidential run.
Why sanction Russia? Just wondering
@SenSanders Russia, China, Iran, North Korea, & most of the Arab League are in Kudos. Why do we sells arms to Saudia Arabia?#stopwaronyemen
A socialist up for inflicting pain and laying siege on the poor of n. Korea and Russia. What a genuine humanitarian!
plz look at the reality . who is sending terorists all over the world. this is not Iran.this is saudi arabia . #Reality
Why? Oh, you want to now go to war with Iran? And why do you need an approach-It's not your country-Stay out of it!
This is what you call democracy? I don't know how any of you in congress sleep at night-
BTW those sanctions are only pissing off the rest of the world & will end up hurting the American people. But gov't wants conflict/war
You guys need to clean up your mess-quit killing people-and keep your business where it belongs-here
In case you are unaware-which apparently you are
Why r you supportive of sanctions?B/C you want to invade/destroy another nation.At least their so called hacking didn't murder anyone?
of course you should be worried about his mental health
You acting as if you are ok with the possible Russian interference with our democracy.
don't worry bernie... it's just happened... in future so much worse things happened...this is Inevitable ;)
Pls think twice, Sir. To unilaterally punish others for business w/ Russia is NOT ok! US Congress went too far, didn't even seek support. :(
The sanctions bill is a new example of ugly US imperialism. The US shouldn't simply impose their will on others, but negotiate for support!
To add insult to injury, the sanctions bill looks like a dirty trick by US energy corps for increasing their biz at the exense of Europe! :(
I would have to inform myself about it first. Anyway, a warning: You can get blocked for randomly spamming people w/ your pet peeve! :-/
Thx, but this seems to be several hundred pages, written in legalese. I won't. Pls look for someone else.
You are great Bernie!
This was my approach to Iran...the relationships with inviduals continues to flourish today! 
Congrats Liam! I'm sure you'll rock with Iran's rugby team
Purity politics is ineffective!
What a shitty attitude to have lost the war on Syria...  The pipeline in Syria and also fighting Northstream2…
Agree. This could be a future major war if we are not very careful!
Then why did you not vote for the latest sanctions Bill against Russia?
Thank you Bernie for being true! Lots of Love from Iran! Make trump resign!
Well kissing their hinny hasn't worked has it, giving them oodles of money hasn't worked, they want to get rid of us, get it!  Not 
Pals!
Your purist stance gets in the way of what needs to be done. You can't have everything you want, exactly like you want it, when you want it.
Making a mistake with Russia
Iran is not the problem. The real issue is Saudi Arabia. When will US understand this!
Huh. Why.
Of course you do!  They're Russia's closest ally. If they are sanctioned, it's much tougher for you like-minded socialists to get around it.
Dont approach İran
Because you are a traitor
I wish there were more gentlemen like you in the US government. Keep up the great work Mr Sanders.
The Iran nuclear deal is a success – and the whole world is safer for it | Federica Mogherini
Iran & Russia r our 2 best allies against isis. US govt supports isis by funding Saudi and sanctioning Iran!
With all due respect, Senator, sanctions make the lives of ordinary people, not their leaders, miserable. Remember the "price was worth it"?
Why are you supportive of sanctions on Russia & NK? The pretexts are 99% bullshit.
Your strong support for Russia sanctions is also a part of #failurefriday because you VOTED NO. Why?!
So Bernie Sanders was 1 of 2 (out of 100) senators to vote against Russia sanctions. And 1 of 4 to vote against the Magnitsky  Act. https://twitter.com/ericgarland/status/890910355114909696 …
Iran is powerful but not bullying. The Islamic Republic is newly established but not amateur. Iran is just only.
I worry very much about his approach to *everything*.  IMPEACH!!!!!
And he's not MY president, so I will not refer to him as such!
Warn him.
We are so powerful
You are taking wise approaches to the world challenges; although sanctions is not a wise approach
#refrendum for Iran
You should be Worried about what more harm HE WILL cause. Hitler ran the Zazi party the way Trump is running government. Causing Feuds.
System is rotten and lobbyist are taking full advantage of it.
I hope the United States will not impose a world war on the world.
Go have your second honeymoon over in Russia.. like u did on your first
Thank you
I suggest you stop the hostility with the Iranian people, you can not eradicate the Aryan generation from the earth.
#Iran #Iranian #USA
Donald Trump's approach to Iran is only going to make them more radical in pushing closer to a nuclear weapon
ما ايراني ها عاشق شما هستيم كه اميد به زندگي رو در ما از بين نمي بري آقاي سندرز شما يه مرد و شخصيت بزرگ سياسي در آمريكا هستيد
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1n5o6YbnGMA …
