It is over 3.6 million undocumented invader illegal aliens and Adults  They are not little children abandoned
And it’s abusive and irresponsible of their parents to come here illegally and risk this happening to their children families. Personal accountability goes a long way.
Further proof that Senator Sanders is a moron

Inclusion rather than exclusion is the way we increase equality and civil discourse and innovation. #USA
DA in DACA literally means Deferred Action.  Deferral expired, get out!
You seem like an intelligent person.  Civilized too!  I didn't intend to include you in the tweet.  Sorry.
If they were legal protections wouldn't there be a law for those protections?  No law was passed for said protections.
That is not what he did
DO something, Bernie! How is it that BLOTUS is still infesting the WH?!  He breaks so many constitutional laws every day! Impeach him!
I agree with you sir.
You have had years to correct this and Congress has done NOTHING! Overpaid parasites allow invaders to continue & bring more. #ShameOnYou!
Daca doesnt affect anyone, Racist people is just mad because they dont want Inmigrants to be productive n successfull thats all
Taking away free choice from millions of Americans who want to control their own healthcare is counter to what the Constitution stands for.
Leadership:  It's about the institution (America) and not the individual.  #AmericaFirst
Bernie, you are counter to the American ideology. Pathetic
The court was going thro it out anyway
We need to adapt and change. #nomorebirthrightcitizenship
I could not agree more
Isn't the idea to take credit for DACA from @POTUS44 and let Rep congress accomplish SOMETHING so Reps and Trump can take the credit for it?
Well if they aren't here legally, the are not part of our nation
Good sounding BULL S**T! You only want to increase your voting base.
How can we take away promised comfort to our dreamers? Congress please defend our Dreamers & DACA!
It should be illegal, its so down right wrong, its absurd!
Your old retire no one cares what you say, America first
Perhaps I missed it, have you EVER stood w Victims/Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse this vocally, this passionately? You can do both you know

How about us legal Americans ever consider us?
'Undocumented' photo by Maura Lanahan
Fix the law don't break it. Don't you work in Congress, Trump gave you 6 months to fix this for the dreamers and you waste time blaming! FIX
Dude, you don't stand for anything, the only thing you need to worry about is your wife's freedom. 
#feelthebern?
Bernie, the US no longer stands for anything as a nation.  The greatest democracy in history is now an international punchline.
They are not citizens where they stay or not I Don't care . But no college help none of my tax payer dollars for anything.
.protecting #IllegalAliens is AGAINST #WhatWeStandFor!
Took $ and #Jobs from #LEGAL
#UScitizens #VETs #InnerCity
#ChildrenInPoverty #Seniors
Shut up Bernie. Everyone knows by now you are a fraud.
Bernie take Hillary's payoff and buy another house
Already taken college away from US citizens!
Nothing legal about unconstitutional DACA.
You're in the Senate!? Isn't this an easy legislative fix. Trump wants Congress to pass a bill. The ball is in your hands. Run down field
I suspect removing DACA means FUTURE kids , not the ones now , we have enough illegals and their kids we don't need more
So you're okay with 800k + people breaking the law everyday as long as it suits you? Our nation is a nation of laws
Thank you for speaking out
What do we stand for?
Blame Obama for this Bullshit, not Trump.. laws are laws!!
Illegal is illegal, you know how that works.. #Bankscandal
Congress has six months to fix the immigration law!
REALLY BERN THE CON MAN? I don't remember signing my tax dollars away for Congress to support illegals!  Support American DREAMERS! JERK
Protecting them in the first place was absolutely counter to our nations laws.
Why is it taking so long to impeach this devil? What more do y'all need to realize he is not fit?
Donald is full of hate, always blaming others, he is a destructive individual.
obamma ILLEGALLY 'protected' the lawbreakers - SEND THEM HOME!
There are days that I am disgusted to know that I defend a nation full of bigoted individuals. 
Why should they have legal protection, they are not legal citizens of this country. Go back to your bought & paid for mansion bernie.
You do not believe in the rule of law. Change the law. Why is this so complex?
What about American citizens protections.? What laws can I break Crazy Bernie with no consequences.? Please tell me.....reply to this idiot
No. You and your party helping illegal invaders into our country, harming American citizens is absolutely counter to your sworn duty.
deport DACA kids? They did nothing wrong! deport parents? Breaks up families! Bernie wants socialism with no borders.
Opening up the market to 800,000 American job-dreamers is exactly what US leaders should stand 4 as a nation.
Who are you to say what we stand for, you stand for socialism which is positively counter to what we stand for since the founding
What laws? We do stand for the constitution & bill of Rights & that Congress makes laws regarding immigration. You should know this Comrade
Oregon is on fire!!! Do you really care about us??? Send the 747!!!
This is how he will protect the votes in America by delegitimizing all DACA recipient's as ineligible to vote now... watch out! STAY WOKE!
The electoral college brought TRUMP in to undo everything Obama did good for the people and country.
And he's doing a great job of it.
It's good for the US
You don't speak for the nation. You are not president. You're a criminal and so is your wife. Your time is coming to an end.
DACA is unconstitutional, you people break laws for illegals, Americans, Veterans, and Legal Immigrants should come first, not illegals!!!
Daca was always temp, it was an appeasement for not doing anything about amnesty. It's congress job not the presidents
You should have cared about them during the election and not have made it all about you
I agree with you Senator Sanders!!
WE are a nation built on obeying the law. "Legal Protection" as you call it is actually "Sheltering Law Breakers". Those "young people" >20.
Nearly every single major notable event in American histery was aginst the law. We are the opposite of a nation build on obeying the law.
You mean like when Barak O'Bama made an unconstitutional, illegal Executive Order allowing illegal aliens in the U.S. with no deportation ?
This is also a lie. There is no such thing as an like gal executive order. And an executive does not make anything law and isn't inforced.
I'm sorry Devon. I didn't know you were mentally challenged. Your poor writing skills give you away. O'Bama's E.O. halted "enforcement".
Your voters may get deported according to the law.
hmmm, sounds like what a particular politician did to Jews in Germany, not too long ago...
How can you take legal protections away from a n illegal?  Obama as a constitutional professor knew his DACA was illegal, did it anyway
Thousands of older DACA recipients have had years to seek citizenship and they decided not to. Why??
No it's not. We are (or were) a nation of laws. The left wants to ignore them in order to consolidate power. Not gonna work....
When 64 percent of them have finished high school..why have they not try to become legal? It's not that hard.
I 100% agree the situation is FUBAR, but we don't have the capacity to absorb an unlimited number of immigrants every year. How to fix?
You've lost sight of what we stand for as a nation. Your ideas for govt fail or only work on small populace countries.
sounds like a good start to cleaning this place up.
They have no legal protection, now. Trump is challenging Congress to do its duty and give them protection.
Raised in this country ILLEGALLY.
LEGAL protection? There was never anything legal about it, just Obama writing his own convenient laws. No, Bernie, nothing,legal about it.
Great analysis on your part. Ol' Bats**t Crazy Bernie ignores the Constitution in his Marxist lying proclamations. Thank you.
Marxists like Bernie use the  immigration issue to divide & conquer under the guise of compassion (Fascist tactic).Liars will lie, you know.
Can't you stop trump from what will be a disaster for millions of hard working people? There should be some kind of legislation
Why aren't these kids that are of age applying for citizenship? There's your "pathway" prerequisite DACA a compromise to consider.
But taking legal protections away from unborn children is perfectly ok! Hypocrites can't have it both ways!
Stop him by all means legal and necessary.
This is just sick!
Trump is fixing all of the bad decisions made from the O admin. All the corruption of the left will be revealed. Can't wait!!!!!
How can you say that, when DT is your president, can't get more corrupted than that.
He's all our president....Hello yours as well. Leave like Madonna did. At least she kept her promise to leave this country if he won.
he for sure was elected president, but he is proven to be unfit to handle the job, and if you truly love the USA you would think otherwise.
No I stand with God, safety, security, law and order.....Not chaos, hate, violence, and racism that the left media shoves down our throats.
Don't listen to the media just listen to the DT and you'll see all your stand for he doesn't.
BERNIE BS!!!!
That's 800,000 people whose wealth you can redistribute.
ILLEGAL people.
No ..only leftist socialists stand for robbing Americans to buy votes from aliens.
If I remember they were still going about there buisness b4 DACA. Focused more on American Citizen u might hv won. Oh I forgot Clinton DNC
A Law is not a Law until passed by congress, a EO is not a law because it can not be passed by congress. constitution do you not understand
Allowing the violation of immigration laws by Obama goes against who we are as a nation. We are a nation founded on rule of laws-Follow them
Yes! We Godless, Communist, Jews are all about standing for a Communist nation!! That's the only "nation" we stand for!!
As a child of imigrants in the 70's where was my dream, nothing was free. We worked hard for our dreams.
The DACA kids have no legal protection Bernie. Obama's executive action is not legal. Congress must act. Man up Senator!
Keep fighting the good fight, Bernie.
Another bullshit tweet by a staffer..  probably a dreamer?
This is congress' job not the president. Common Bernie. Don't start a false narrative!
And how many of these "dreamers" or their parents applied to be American citizens??
Here's How Mexico Stands for Illegal Aliens. h/t @michellemalkin
What legal protections?? There is nothing legal about DACA , it was created with a pen
Letting them in and ignoring the problem is the problem Congress as usual didn't do their (your) job.
so is letting people break the law
lest you forget, we are a country of laws, & you seem to represent the lawless segment of our society, along with Obama/Hillary.

So 25 year old is child status now. Change the voting age to represent the  rhetoric. Adults are 18 in America.
legal protections for illegals, is NOT what this country stands for, We are a nation of laws.
I don't think you understand the laws but you can ask one of the dreamers that studied law to explain them to you.
Umm no it was an illegal over reach by Obama. End DACA, send all illegals back home! Americans first! MAGA!
If these "dreamers" with parents r working & such Why aren't they doing the right thing by bcoming LEGAL?? Parents & kids? #AmericaFirst
Senator Bernie...DACA was on overreach of power. If you want to FIX the broken immigration system---then GREAT! Go to work. Fix it. Not DACA
Taking the Dreams away from 100 million young kids in America to look politically correct for 800,000 illegals just doesn't seem so great.
Fake news
Not when they are undocumented.
barry's illegal protections removed, bern.  you want these illegals, do your job, pass a law.
Why don't you worry about the American citizens that are your constituents FIRST, Bernie??
Who is stopping citizens from getting a college education and a good job.
ILLEGALS
Those 800,000 didnt help you get elected. Your own side screwed you and you took the money and the house and pussed out. Shut up.
He is struggling only because Obama created it.  He has no moral compassion.
They should never have had legal protections in the first place! Obama had no right to give them that.
No it's not. Not what our founding fathers envisioned. Your version is the version of invaders who infiltrated. Truth is coming out daily.

And you should know #BANKFRAUDBERNIE
That's called " Illegal Protection"
Bernie, RU suggesting were a Nation of laws? If so law has a logical procession/order? I E: breaking the law yesterday is punishable today
Hey Bernie...They are illegal...not undocumented!
You mean like obamas end run around around congress didn't put these (future Dem voters) in jeopardy?
Hoffific
It's time to invest in American children to hell with illegals.
We DO NOT stand for illegals! That is Not what we stand for!
Bernie we are a nation of laws must be you don't believe in the law
Thank you from California for being a kind souled human of our majestic planet. Nazis in Laguna Beach WTF help!
I think #45 does drugs all night, seriously who in a sober state of mind TWEETS weird shit in the middle of the night. Drug test TRUMP!
Exposing lies to keep us divided and dependent...get informed and unite!!
We are no longer a nation that stands for the rule of law?
Taking legal protections away from 800,000 young people raised in this country is absolutely counter to what we stand for as a nation.
The President doesn't create legal protections...Congress does. Thanks for admitting you didn't do your job & that #DACA is unconstitutional
We, real Americans, recognize DACA as illegal & demand it be ended 9/5/2017 and not a minute later.
I wonder, how American Indians feel about your stupid statement
Lying to 800,000 people for 5 years staging that everything is alright is criminal.
Americans, especially veterans, needs come B 4 illegals. Apparently you do not understand the meaning or the difference in legal & illegal.

Take your communist agenda some were else!
But OK to take away legal protections from millions of hard working Americans sacrificing much to feed, educate & care for own families.
Tell it to #Obama.  He did this.  They are not Americans they are here illegally and must go back. And take their parents with them.
Senator Sanders you KNOW #Congress writes the laws. #Trump has simply put the immigration ball in your collective court. #DACA is up to you.
If they were legal in the first place, they'd be entitled to legal protections
The problem with democrats is they lie and aren't open to discussion of all the facts regarding the issues.
You don't even care that much about our own citizens.
That's OK Pam. These 800,000 do not have to follow the laws.  Most laws are foolish anyway
People need to be here LEGALLY. If they came as children they knew they were illegal. Know it's against the law. They need to fix it.
OK Bernie, I'm going to move into your house and have 50 kids, if you don't support them all then you're a racist and bigot.
He's probably cool with that. He'll just stay in one of his other houses
