Freedom=forcing people to pay without their consent? Sounds more like thievery 
It's free.
If it's free then how is it funded?
Taxes. The main goal is to put the major excess funding we put into the military into healthcare. Your taxes will slightly lower from this.
But you said it was free?
It's free for you. The government will pay for it.
How do they get money? By forcibly taking it from its citizens, from you and I without our consent. That's the definition of theft.
I literally just told you. Relocate money from military to healthcare. We spend 60% of out budget on bombing civilians.
Actually it would mean the exact opposite of freedom.
You haven't got a clue. I have no deductibles, co-pays or insurance costs and go to Dr/hospital any time I want at no cost. That's freedom!
So, money doesn't exist in Canada? Or are you just using someone elses?
They pay with taxes, businesses save, people save, everyone wins
So, the "no cost" statement was a lie and everyone is a slave to taxes. Thanks for clarifying.
So what do you pay in insurance per month? Is your coverage 100% or is there a cap and deductible? Add those to your tax burden. Mine's less
Added it to my taxes. Rate is still less than yours. Thanks for debunking yourself.
Canadians are taxed at 15% up to $41k. Americans are taxed at 15% up to $37.5k. They get "Free" healthcare with their taxes
Putting govt in charge of something is literally the opposite of freedom.

The people who fought & died to create this country are weeping
K guess we gotta get rid of the fire department for ruining our freedom.
This is a very stupid tweet. But you keep doing you
Oh, and the military. And public schools. Those all get rid off freedom. They are government funded after all.
Take it from a Canadian doctor: http%3A%2F%http://2Fwww.ctvnews.ca %2Fvideo%3FclipId%3D1250511 #SinglePayer #UniversalHealthCare
NO NO NO.. I don't want the Government in healthcare. Does anyone know what that could mean? They will dictate all aspects of medical care.
Medicare for all that are legal U.S. Citezens. No illegal citizens.
YES, YES, YES.  Americans DESERVE this.  Haven't we given enough money to insurance companies?  Why don't people want FREE healthcare.  FREE
What do you fantasize that insurance companies are doing that government won't? Same thing..but you can't drop government for lousy service.
Do you realize where government funded healthcare (Tax payers money) Ex. NHS bans surgery for obese & smokers. Look IT UP do research
@SenSanders What r Americans afraid of? In,we carry a card.Go for a checkup-swipe.Need http://surgery-swipe.Best  part-no bill comes. Simple.
Im on medicare..your a lie
CA is a reference to the county Canada. You don't really get billed for health care. Taxes pay for it.
Dont really?? So again your lying..if you are sick
.when the spend down is up ...u pay

So why lie
What does this mean? Can you please explain what you mean?
So important. In Puerto Rico they can't charge phones. Trying to get solar chargers there. GoFundMe The link is  https://www.gofundme.com/Power2PuertoRico …
Because it works so well for Venezuela! NOT! YOU OLD COD
Universal health care is a matter of national pride and issue of social justice. Medicare for all is akin to human rights for all!
Except that whole master/slave dynamic, where the master decides what you get to keep of what you've produced to put to it's own ends.
No, i don't want the govt in charge of my healthcare! What it gives (by taking the money from me first), it can take away
Please stop calling it "universal health care". It's universal health insurance.
And then I'll let my baby pay for it.
And Bankruptcy for all. I had to pay into medicare for over 40 years to be eligible for it. America is trillions in debt. Who's going to...
Plus, how many years have we been told that the baby boomers would bankrupt the system?  But it's okay now for everyone, no problem.
The social security system isn't functional, the VA system isn't functional, Obamacare isn't functional. Massive amounts of $ constantly....
Now if there was some way to get those pallets of back from Iran 
DT's working on that.
No, Medicare is just a public insurance plan. Doctors submit claims for the work they do wherever they practice--hospitals/clinics/CHCs.
Can't speak to your experience, but 93% of primary care Drs accept Medicare--should mean alternatives are available.
Except for the people who have to pay for it....no freedom for them, just chains.
those of us who pay taxes say no to your death panel healthcare.
All Western nations consider health care to be a human right, except the US. Here, it is a commercial service determined by economic status.
Free HC means we will wait 10mo 4 a biopsy,  just like UK.  Or we can get AIDS test kits in vending machines instead of c'ing a Dr, like UK.
Well shit, we can't have that now can we
Huffington Post  "Free healthcare in Canada costs more than it's worth".  2013-cost per person was 4,351.00. pop 36.29M.
More fiscally irresponsible promises by the Liberals who have run our economy into the ground.  Try to imagine the cost of such a plan?
3/3 cull the pop?  Later announced, prohibitive HC cost forces them to deny HC 2 unhealthy groups; obese (30%BMI) & smokers.  You're next!
2/3  UK has free HC.  They lost 2400 Hemophiliac s 2 AIDS tainted blood.  How does this happen to so many, 20yrs after screening.  Did they
1/3  Free HC is impossible. Nat'l debt exceeds GNP.  We are more than 100% in debt.  This is not a time to take on expense of HC for 330M?
& who'd gonna pay for it? My Health insurance was Great Until the DemonRat Liberals & there Cheerleader, Obama messed w/ & DESTROYED IT!
It would mean slavery for all citizens that WILL be stuck with the bill.
do you know medicare is not free for a couple 500 pm 80%cov.doc must ck with medcare to see if they will pay at al for procedure.
FREEDOMMMMM!
Nah, we want to go in opposite direction, we want to lower taxes.
You never tell us Bernie who going to pay for it. Middle class just like the Socialist country you aspire the United States to be.
We'd have a better shot at it if she had said women think universal HC would be so bad for us, we hate the very idea. Bam! healthcare 4 all?
And high costs/taxes and rationing of health care. Absolutely wrong thing to do.
Yep, more time for protests & begging.
Wait, then how the Health Care Industrial Complex rip off Americans? Health care not being a scam, seems un American.
Freedom to have countless illegitimate children!
Then, she goes for WELFARE FOR LIFE!
This is fantastic. Thank you for a fresh perspective!
Take it from someone who can read: It never ends well.

Cuban Doctors Revolt: ‘You Get Tired of Being a Slave’
how did that work out for family in England?
and bankruptcy for the country!
If women received medicaid, then only men would get the good docs who don't accept it.

@seanking
Wrong: in USA Universal Health care will mean Republicans play politics with what is covered for women.
Take it from a new mom: Universal health care would mean freedom, especially for women. http://glmr.co/R12tXtQ  
We won't be getting from a Congress and Pres who want to keep women suppressed, barefoot and pregnant.
You forgot in the kitchen too :)
#SinglePayor
Personal Exp questions medicare. Instead, have 1 or 2 exclusive national policy with millions in the group to provide low premiums?
That's why the male patriarchy hates it so... they don't want women to be free! We could want some pie, get uppity and even develop ideas!
Men r awesome! And honestly being uppity isn't attractive to anyone regardless of their chromosomes. But eat ur pie.
Men can indeed be awesome! I particularly like mine hot, smart, fun & d*mn good in bed! How do you like yours?!
Same. I just do not like 2 act like men have it better than me cuz when I want more I get more. Sometimes I want less & more fun.
I want no part of modern feminism as it relates to views on men. Empowerment of self, absolutely.
It would be freedom for everyone. Your healthcare would not be tied to your employer. You could go elsewhere if you wanted to. No worries.
And why is that? freedom from what. 
You all talk in circles. I bet you loved Obamacare so why not keep it?
fund this TURKEY when all the illegals and people on food stamps sign up for it?
seems fake
It's like candy cuz it just sounds so damn charitable .... I prefer to keep hope and opportunity
@SenSanders Try paying for it like senior citizens did and are still paying for MEDICARE.
WHO'S Going to pay For IT, WORKING PEOPLE NOT .
Cc @PPact 
Isn't this what you're supposed to be standing for?
Universal healthcare means no freedom of choice! A growing economy with good jobs and benefits is freedom! Poverty should not be encouraged!
Go Glamour mag,,yeah
It would grow the federal goverment by millions raise our taxes to skyrocking numbers. People want food on their table first.
People being able to leave abusive jobs is exactly what too many people *don't want*. The poor and the desperate are easy to exploit.
And where does all the 3.1 trillion dollars of magical money come from??

Not always true,,
That’s exactly why the republicans are against it.
Fully government controlled healthcare is the ANTI-THESIS of freedom. Delete your account...
please explain
All our national policies should be written by new moms
No.  It means shirking the responsibility of the choices you made onto others.
@yaronbrook needs only 5 Minutes and 23 Seconds to dismantle the dangerous myth of free health care:
And Dads, and kids, and everyone 

#ohana
Please contact PP, they lobbied against single payer in CA
@SenSanders @glamourmag  ur confused on what the words free and freedom mean. It does not mean u have the right to someone else's services.
