The CBO report also shows #Obamacare was a success & a failure, take your pick!!! :P #virtuesignalling
Medicare 4 everyone, NOW!
EVERY AME ICAN WILL PAY 60% of their income with socialized medicine
Doubt % accuracy. As long as insurance companies are allowed to continue dictating policy and prices both will only continue to rise!
The premiums range between 600.00 to 900.00 monthly and the deductibles start at 12,000.00 annually. Maybe you can afford that .
Where are you getting these numbers? What is your source? Those are Blue Cross and Blue Shield monthly premiums, NOT Medicare's!
in order to receive the MEDICADE under obama care, you must submit all financial documents the the govt
Dude, we r NOT discussing single payer w Obamacare bc it doesn't exist!  Want 2 do away w ACA n greedy ins corps n have just single payer!
Obama care is unaffordable.  Look at the pharmaceuticals, they became out of control,greedy under the last admin.
Didn't need CBO to co firm that fact!
One of Greatest American Hero Senator Bernie Sanders
Worse with age as in age of the bill or person affected by said bill?
CBO Was wrong with Obamacare Bernie. This is not a selling point.
We all doomed
You mean like Bernie!?
Your an intellectual giant, SENATOR. Cuba and Venezuela need you and your BS. You need to get there before you get arrested.
I say that those who pass it should have to have it also. They REPRESENT us, and what we get, so should Congress.
You know you sound like an angry old man. Over 25 years in Congress. You've proposed ~350 bills in that time & only 3 have been voted on.Sad

Sellout FAKE Socialist Sanders paid $500K to teach WOODWORKING @ wife's college. Wonder why it went Bankrupt? https://twitter.com/jessiejaneduff/status/881285958364278784 … 
Bernie and CBO speak the sad truth 
Let Obamacare fully collapse
.
Senator, you "coulda been a contender" (On the Waterfront) but you preferred to support HRC. Now be a mensch and appologize!
The ACA is barely making 8 years...
So Obamacare is not getting older.. it's getting better?  Ocare is imploding just as it was designed 2 do
Oh, just like owawacare? It can't be sen. BS there's nothing worth that. 
Obamacare already got old with age.  And that is the truth.
All the old billionaires will be ok, they can pay for it with their tax breaks- what a retarded situation America is in right now
What is wrong with the republicans all they have to do is pay the insurance subsidies the trump said it himself. Time to quit blaming OBAMA
People need to realize insurance pricing iis rising because its controlled by insurance companies not Obama 
And Obama gave us this republican healthcare without price control instead single payer.
You want to see shameful? This is shameful:
How does one help in a situation like this?
Thanks to Bernie Sanders, & the MSNBC reporters like Chris Hayes to help us fight against the injustice of this
How about Obamacare? Blows up 2018.
Hey No Balls, Bernie and his wife are under FBI investigation for fraud? Don't you have an obligation to report the NEWS to your viewers?
You get worse with age.
Should have been our President
ACADEMIA, HOLLYWOOD AND THE NEWS MEDIA WANT SOCIALISM IN THIS COUNTRY.THE OTHER 99.5 % WANT CAPITALISM.GO TO VENEZUELA IF YOU WANT SOCIALISM
WE WON....YOU LOST....UNCLE BERNIE SOLD OUT HIS SUPPORTERS
#BankFraudBernie
Sen. Sanders’ Wife Tried Evicting Disabled Group Home Residents after Closing Shady College Deal Under FBI Probe http://jwatch.us/mfty4F 
You and wife cost the Catholic Church millions with be faux loan deal. Pay them back instead of buying beach houses and fancy cars. Socialis
Better for business, better for people:
Gets worse with age.  Sounds like Bernie.  Him and his wife will be in jail soon anyway.  Two peas in a pod
yeah feel the bern
u crack me up.
Just like Obamacare and any government system
The president is emotionally unstable and unfit to decide the fate of this country let alone health care! Needs to be addressed!
How'd the CBO do with their Obamacare estimates?
These are not just political and social but criminal problems They are willfully acting against established fact to cause death.
Nothing to see here. Plan not going anywhere anyway. Reps too fractured. Can't govern. Dems too left, shouldn't govern. What to do ????
As have you professor
when the little bills you never talk about pass unnoticed are conflicts of interest hmm #rachelmaddow
He would know about getting worse with age. Sell out!! Towing the "D" line. More and more robotic talking points. So sad.
Uncle Commy on the soft ball show again with super twink. No surprise here folks.
And the CBO is usually wrong
#AHCA Another Wrong Prescription—Failed promise #ACA http://bit.ly/2pGAT9C  Sold by @DNC —CBO 35M w/out HC—http://53eig.ht/1Mv4fes —#TheBern
think of the positive old man prison has free health care for your family
#Republicans are always suck...!
Address Mental illness, Immigration, Assimilation,
Alcohol, Tobacco Opiate addiction
Veterans and homelessness
Repeal and Replace Obamacare, Medicare, Medicaid
Eliminate Insurance Co Middlemen
Eliminate Waste, Fraud, Abuse
$100 individual monthly contribution
$100 employer monthly contribution
Lower FICA %
Assess FICA on ALL income
Support The Cunningham Universal Healthcare Plan
100 % coverage no pre-existing conditions exclusion
No copays
U let him skate--why did Jane leave/why does he think the school closed-what happened with the pledged donation that was never paid
@SenSanders How stupid do you think we are Mr Socialist Leader? The CBO has never been right! Look at incorrect inform came out w Obamacare
Just like Bernie.
The original report showed this. Those of us over 60 right now will be pretty much barkrupt by the time we reach 70. If we reach 70. #noacha
Make the calls
Nah, the only thing that gets worse with age is Bernie. He's Money Bernie. He loves the money!
Agreed 

Bullshit
Hyperbole and sheep herding. Your madness needs to stop. Time 4 serious Legislation. Time 2 do an elected job!  #Sit4Something
Single payer would hurt the elderly as well, but Bernie won't be on single payer or he will fly to other countries for medical care
Love you, Bernie. You and Jane are the best.

Please run in 2020.

The Presidency has run amuck.
I think he will be on a wheel chaie by that point lol
Chair*
Of course it will because liberals keep generating bottom feeders
#fuckgop
Hey Bernie you need to take care of you legal problems before you can school anybody else.
Oh r u talking about yourself Bernie dear.  Because you ar getting worst as you get old.  A quitter, 1 who steps down and gave in to Killary
Too bad. You can't expect kids to subsidize middle agers
Republican Plan: marry by 15, procreate by17, die at 26; alleviates medicare & social security in 1 fell swoop.

Just like you -lol!
It's very worst with age that's my grandmother she was 96 years ago in the home care nurse to take care of her with 72 she could not turn
My grandmother on a regular basis so my grandmother develop and basil but she was in her right mind but
Kinda like Bernie's career in public life!  ROFL
FBI report shows Bernie and Jean Sanders bank fraud defense getting worse with age.
what is your favorite saying? I bet it's do as I say not as I do. Right?
Bernie and Liz Warren--the only shining lights in the Democratic party. The rest are a bunch of deadbeats.
Um.... No. You need to stop vilifying our elected officials en masse. You're not helping.
Why should we believe the CBO scoring from yet another federal agency.
Sen Sanders socialist who's idea of healthcare is to model Canada and the EU Last I checked Canadians and Europians come here for specialist
Only the ones who can afford it. Most people cannot which is why healthcare is the number 1 cause of bankruptcy in USA and not Canada.
Just like u U take bribes cheat on taxes under FBI investigation U need to stop mouthing off about what's wrong with Trump Look at urself
# COME BERNARD WE WANT A  HEALTH PACT
ARE YOU PAYING FOR IT.  EVERY AMERICAN WILL BE TAXED 60% of their income withSOCIALIZED MEDICINE
So will you Bernie....
Bullshit !
Like your bank loan
Just like democrats
And what does the Obama plan do with age.....improve?  All govt plans emplode.
"will get worse with age" just like DJT. Even. Worse.
CBO - what a circus
Is age the reason Obamacare is imploding or, is it all the lying that was necessary for its passage? Cost decrease , you can keep your Dr.?
Imagine all the lies trumpcare is saying yet we already know it's worst than Obamacare.
And your proposed single payer socialized medicine will bankrupt the nation and still not work but you know that
we already pay 80% of all healthcare in USA - merely eliminating insurance racket, and the other 20% disappears - no added cost

You SAP!
National Health "insurance" is not "healthcare" and Affordable Care Act is not Insurance it's socialized health care - and it's failing
Did the  cbo say that Obama care would get as bad  as  it  is  now
@SenateGOP @SenateDems  Then why didn't you, your colleagues, & the Obama Administration fix it over the past few years? Passing the buck!
Medicare for all!
That sounds like you. 1% er
Medicare for all-1 payer system-ask a Canadian and get the truth
I wish you where in office
@SenSanders just wait a few years, once the bill ages a little @realDonaldTrump will make discriminatory comments about its appearance.
The bill gets worse with age, just like the people affected by it
SENATOR SANDERS IT WILL BE A DOMINO EFFECT WORLDWIDE!
SENATOR SANDERS THE FIRST YEAR WOULD BE A CATASTROPHE ;THE GOVERNMENT; THE ECONOMY; AND THE MARKETS WILL COLLAPSE! IT WILL BE WORSE THAN2008
Really? Economist?
You couldn't find ANYONE else to talk about this?
I think Chris is a closet Bernie Bro
Just like Bernie.
Well then your socialist healthcare can just happen later rather than sooner. What are you so upset about Bern?
#BankFraudBernie have you and your wife booked your 1 way tickets to Cuba yet? No extradition from that liberal paraise
Sanders won't need healthcare in prison!
Bernie isnt under investigation, Jane is. And all you care about is him when your bff corporatist commit billions in fraud? Go aftr them.
sure
TrumpCare is Deathcare American's! It's not " Relief for the Rich Act" Lives over Money  Vote No! Please call your State Senator's.
GO GO BERNIE. GO GET 'EM
Trump is so screwed. Healthcare is the least of his worries...  BOMBSHELL!!
It's the biggest scam since the Donald Trump presidency.
Except none of this has happened. Like nothing else they've predicted has ever happened. You ppl are suckers for their scare tactics 
