I'm in #PuertoRico and is heartbreaking that the most powerful nation in the World cannot help American citizens that give their life to U.S
Not true. You are a citizen or you are not. There's no middle. Ignorant!
Bernie Sanders for president 2020
Bernie for President 2020
So he could be a loser twice over.
Maybe Hillary will pay him off again...... to not run at all. He has his price.
What are you..like 5? He's talking about abt PR and you take aim at him..maybe because he must be doing sumthing right...
Loud mouth didn't gethim elected then. Andit surelynot helping him now
Like I saidhe isn't matter
So heneeds tohelp or go waylike all losers
Keep up or keep out...Twitter is no place for seething and you're irrelevant....
The truth is not out there but it's within the Bible

He can't help it Senator. When DT gets criticize, he retaliates by negative verbal attacks. His ego requires praise and admiration.
What’s the “crime” genius? Can’t impeach because you don’t like him. You need to look for another safe space so you won’t melt
His Twitter account the only thing that makes him feel important.
I'm pretty sure that weilding the power of the Presidency would make anyone feel important. The title is "Commander in Chief".
Just a title.
...with a fuck ton of power attached to it.
Now is the time for Trump to resign. Retweet if you agree #generalstrike
But still, it's always nice to hear from ol' #BREADLINEBERNOUT!
Cute, & barely noticeable, edited as it is...but you DO get the part where breadlines are better than countries where the poor just starve.
In the hellholes where #BREADLINEBERNOUT's ideology prevails, starvation is done systematically and on purpose.
You'd have to find a real communist country as an example first, Stalin being nothing but the worst of Soviet Union's military dictators.
There are no "real examples" of Communism. Well over a century and the inane philosophical musings have yet to produce a single success.
There's never been a credible attempt, if you exclude Buddhist monasteries. Like anarchy, both require a more evolved humanity 2 exist.
The notion that absurd philosophical musings of crackpots are superior to humanity is an absolute joke.  By "evolved" you mean lobotomized
Lobotomized is how I view people who don't know they're slaves and regularly thank their masters for the occasional crumbs they get thrown.
You do know that it's impossible for a child to stop acting like a child...right??
@
Yeah, Barry proved that a thousand times over. Lol
Saying Barrack was a child in response to Trump being one is the most backwards response I’ve ever heard in my life.
True nonetheless, genius.
An almost 80 year old rich guy does not understand or care about your issues. He thinks he rules instead of represents.
And our south eastern states are gettin pounded with storms.   An your more worried about puerto rico?    Wake up
Bernie is so ignorant. You go there and help. You old Hypocrite
#45 is just an awkward twit. Can he shut TF up. He’s a shit starter ,http://madman.How  long will America put up with his senility
Please tell us what U are doing to get water & food to citizens in #PuertoRico ? This is no longer just on Trump & #GOP. #complicit #Help
Now is time you stop criticizing
Lets see bernie.   Were on the verge of a ww3 because of n korea.   Just had a horrible tragedy in vegas
Trump should be charged with genocide. Help Our Puerto Rican citizens now. Stop Trump's ethnic cleansing. Impeach him now. Send them aid.
Um, YA THINK??
Wait.
Bernie your integrity is less truthful comparing to Hilary
That must be a new low in your life
"Bernie's Hillary loser"
Grumpy old men
He won't. It's his venting space. He needs a therapist.
Tweet and hate and hate and tweet and tweet and hate.
Please, Sally, explain which civil rights are being taken away from anyone.
I know the answer, I want to hear your libtarded reasons.
Where ..... has the compassion in tweets been for the rest of the destroyed devastated now uninhabitable islands? Those folks matter too
He has no insight or sense of other. He is soooo terrible for our country.
fool
Jackass
Boinie Sand'ah's and his plus sized, big spending unscrupulous wife are inacapable of being quiet..
'inacapable'
Gibbsie now tweeting in Italian
LOL
mama mia
ROFLMAO! 

Just another 'sausage fingers' tweet! :))))
we can tell
I go to the same nail bar for manicures as the Reverend Mich-Al Sharpton-Obama. I can't type, she can't talk.
I don't believe you hang out with miCHE
#Fakenews
Caught me again...
Wow, you certainly have your followers fooled? So sad. Socialists should live elsewhere and learn really of communism. You only want power!

#PuertoRico received several times the aid they are due.  Now they need to elect less corrupt leaders and take charge of their own destiny.
That can be said of Texas, Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi and Florida, but nobody ever questions doing whatever it takes 2 rebuild them.
States and Territories are different concepts.  Either way not everyone believes it's the role of #FEDERALGOVERNMENT to do ANY relief aid.
I'm all for not enabling hypocrites, knowing most who believe like U do R in Red States which are the recipients of that aid almost yearly.
My views on policy & government are dispassionate. Since I live in California it'd be especially foolish to wish harm to #DEMINFESTED States
If UR offended by the infestation of what U obviously consider a communist state, U could move 2 Alabama. except 4 a shit quality of living.
http://www.businessinsider.com/harvey-weinstein-political-donations-2017-10 … #SHAMEFUL
He's been trying you idiot! They're surrounded by water, kicked the navy out, their infrastructure sucked before, and they mismanage funds.
*fewer
How bout using some technology to protect us against EMP ??? We could use solar in rebuilding
How bout rebuilding America and stopping immigration and refugees dumping?
Do they have insurance

#Venezuela's @CITGO donates oil to #PuertoRico. #PuertoRicoRelief #PuertoRicoStrong http://bit.ly/2xYBdTN 
Seems people like you are getting richer by the day, bernie, stop insulting us
right on Bernie.
True help. Us we need help
How can USA allow this president still in office.
Incapable of controlling repulsive tweets. He needs a twelve step group.
If I were Puerto Rican I would be on my knees thanking President Trump. I wish he did the same for Venezuela http://bit.ly/2gi8kKo 
Hold it there! I was told Bernie Sanders agreed with Trump on Puerto Rico debt
you are comunist unhapy
You can ramble on about whatever you want Bernie. Why can’t he do the same?
I'm not getting this same feeling about Texas a  red State....hmmmm!
Calling for action is not actually doing anything.  Bernie's history on Puerto Rico is
Sure. Let's stop communicating with the American people #ufn , just because you say so.
Now is the time to IMPEACH TRUMP!PLEESEEEEEE
Donate some cash bernie
Please go away. You're not the President!!!
The walking dead
Powerful words
Nail it.
Oh @BernieSanders ,u r the president we needed but didnt get
I feel so bad for America that Bernie Sanders was not elected President.  He could have brought real change instead of Ryan's BS.
Unfortunately I don't think President Trump has a compassionate bone in his body

Hey Bernie! You could use some help! Here is some words of wisdom! Please get back to me on it!
Says the senator who’s tweeting all the time.
I think the Deep State still wants its own U.S. Monte Carlo.  Evidently didn't expect as big a protest as Katrina clearing out New Orleans.
If he quit taking about walls and build brigades than maybe he went look like a moron
Bern, haven't you figured him out yet. He's a delusional, compulsive megalomaniac. We're stuck with his stupid, often moronic tweets.
Sorry Bern, left out the big one. Paranoia.
Puerto Rico has rejected Statehood several times, why exactly are you so much in a rush to waste tax payer money on them?
Agreed. Now make him do that Bernie. Good luck with that. He don't care.
We are with you. Don’t listen to the negative morons here, who must be as stupid as their leader.
#fewer tweets, not "less tweets," which is #grammatically inaccurate.
You should worry about your wife's investigation instead of saying stupid shit. 
"Loose skin, old balls, gross" (Adam Sandler voice)
Last 12 hours old crazy socialist tweeted 6 tines President Trump once.              Ticket to Canada for the bern
No one tweets more than you crazy old man
Now is time for you to bring back Hot n Spicy pieces Col Bernie Sanders, or I'm voting Trump 2020. 
PR has suffered a ten year recession! We should have been there a long time ago!
The time was during the campaign or maybe even upon entering adulthood like 65 years ago. @POTUS
I don’t find the Presidents tweets insulting, cupcake
Aid, and/or Statehood for #PuertoRico?
He is not a gentleman  nor presidential
And stop throwing toilet paper at people like he's feeding seals
Let's just sell Puerto Rico to Spain cheap there are  losing territory and they speak the language
Bernie this does not have the capacity do achieve any of the requests You are making! It’s time for him to leave the White House! Just that
Sanders aren't you the pot that's calling the kettle black?  At least President Trumps tweets make sense.
Oh, no! Those tweets will seal his fate. Keep tweeting, Potus! But yes, we need to do everything we can to rebuild PR. They've suffered so.
While I agree with your statement of Trump leading instead of tweeting.  I think if you'd been elected, you'd be just as ill equipped as him
Good call, thank you @SenSanders !
Rebuild the US Virgin Islands also !! #vistrong
Why aren't these territories states?
Rebuild it with sustainable energy and quality housing!
I might say the same about you. Except all yours are attacking and support your false narratives that you keep pushing.
andcit should be done with the latest technologies for energy and infrastructure to combat future storm costs
You just basically accused the GOP of attempted murder.  That seems insulting to me.
Real Life....then cry sweetie.
the point is that @SenSanders post was hypocritical.
RL, look around and you will see that almost everything is hypocritical, manipulative and/or false. Mr. Sanders' post is not that type.
just because many things are hypocritical that makes it ok?
RL....No, but Mr. Sanders's post is not hypocritical.
Shhhh! Say the opposite thing you want him to do! Then you’ll get shit done!
Really Bernie..what's behind the wasted words...you're smarter than that
- thank you Senator Sanders!  YOU ARE THE SANE VOICE pushing back on the White House.  See this:   BeThe http://Example.vpweb.com 
you look like the scary grandpa im glad i never had
Please do not post things where you look like a raging zombie , sir. I actually was taken back  with fright,  Fight the good fight
BERNIE FOR PRESIDENT.
Hey he is incapable of doing anything productive ignore and lets gather ourselves and act ....his existance is insulting he just cant evolve
Agree 100%. He should just stop tweeting altogether.

Oh, found the faux moralizer. Bernie quick roll over! Who says you can't teach an 'ol dog old tricks. #rolledoverforher
They are U S citizens
Go back to Vermont and continue to live in your own little bubble.
Yawn
If only Bernie were our president.
21 trillion in debt but yeah, let's rebuild another country that doesn't even pay into our system
Ain’t it the truth
He isn't going to give up money for golf, or for his disgusting family or boot lickers for Latinos. Hell no! #ImpeachTrump
You are absolutely fooling yourself if you think he would change even a tiny bit.
Socialism is a dead ideology it doesn't work. Bernie be an American or move to Canada
Your's tweets are insulting. But you offered no solutions Democrats are dead in the water is are you Bernie
Yes, Mr. Trump may be smart but at what cost to the American people, especially the elderly.
Trump is not smart, he is a MORON (per the US Secretary of State Tillerson, who is a smart individual). 
Okay I'm relieved- was worried that the actual plan was to leave PR in ruins forever.
Amen!
@POTUS apposed 2 bringin up debt(u contributed 2) & criticizing the death toll(be glad it's not more) give real supplies(not papertowels)
Now is the time Trump listens to ALL US citizens!STOP unraveling every policy & program of President Obama's because you despise his legacy.
Go Bernie go
Hehas Puerto Rico almost back up, 60 hospitals back to work and restoring power which was gone before the storm  u are late Mr. BS
He has mayor stood in front of all the food with a T-shirt “we’re dying” 15 minutes of fame!
The real time to stop tweeting was day one. Putting out 144 character insults to the country is shameful.

Seriously, who writes this stuff?  Can't be Sanders, right? Fire your staff...
I would give a weeks pay to watch a debate between Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump on current legislative issues...
Amen
Good luck
Bernie thank you so much for always taking care about Puerto Rico.
I've yet to see any photos of @BernieSanders in Puerto Rico. Maybe you should tweet less and do something.
I agree with you on this one, Bernie...
oh shut up you old hippie that got rich on other 
People’s money,you phony corrupt grafter,cheater,go away,
I STRONGLY SUGGEST YOU and YOUR COMMUNIST BUDDIES LOOK IN THE MIRROR AND ADHERE TO YOUR ADVICE
@Oxfam has taken over where the President has failed, 30 miles from San Juan ppl are drinking from creeks & no FEMA in sight..
Why this nigga tweetin when he could be helping too
He did started, he give paper towels to dry up the tears
Aid to Texas and Florida should be coupled with aid to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Without that no aid period !
Trump can do what he wants as far as his tweets go!’

Time for your meds old timer.
He's much too concerned about his image to actually care about the terribly afflicted PRs. I wish you had won, Bernie.
Would u stop ur tweets really have no basis other than ties to socialism at least potus is right in his tweets shall we compare notes
Bernie stop tweeting do something, meet with commission governing PR and pass resolution for funding
And please, Trump should be banned from stepping foot on the island ever again. PR doesn't have room 4 pig like trump
Bernie you gotta do more than tweet this. You are in a place of power. Make significant changes to stop the madness.
why don't you donate all of YOUR wealth to puerto rico?  lead by example, instead of by mouth
Unless! A senator will donate one million dollars of their own money to puerto rico, then shut your mouths about   puerto rico. Seriously.
Plus!!! Massachusetts is sending over 70 of its police to aid in security courtesy of tom baker. More than i can say for our senators in MA.
Our allies are coming to the aid of PR. Help not paper towels.
Trump on PR...
1. 1mil of his own money
2. 10,000 federal cleanup personell
3. Chefs feeding thousands
4. A hospital ship
Where were you?
After the SHTF and there were considerable volunteers on the island.
We are helping Bernster...dont forget your meds.
Bernie..if he hasnt stopped by now he has a problem. He loves hiimself too much. Big man he thinks...not so really.
Btw- take your own advice.  Fewer tweets- more positive action.
Well, are we really to believe you , a true blue Liberal Thumb Sucker Chief '
and rebuild America. Start with the wall!
How about rebuild America first
Now is the time for you to help build a coalition with centrist Republicans, Independents and Democrats.
What happened to the bailout out money given to Puerto Rico from US taxpayers?
Thank you mr sanders
CONTROL AND LICENSE GUNS LIKE NORMAL CIVILIZED COUNTRIES. STOP  THE CARNAGE. BAN THE NRA.
He got to tweet not man enough to talk to anyone face to face.
People over there are brown not the right ethnic background. He gonna let them suffer.
Quit your insults of our president and work witb him
Now is the time to reimburse that bank it's $10 million dollars you and your wife scammed them out of.
Bernie.... RETIRE!!
Hey Loser Liberals Hillary STILL ISN'T PRESIDENT!

Puerto Rico's a terrible tragedy, it should not be minimized by comparison with other storms. It's extremely poor&needs debt forgiveness too

Easy for you to tweet, but Bernie, what are you doing for Puerto Rico?
Yea he'll rebuild it alright. He'll make it better for the rich to live there and he will ruin the beauty of a
Puerto Rico
Just remember it was an unprepared citizenship before , so what do you per pose?
Re-build, free collage, free health care, and ruby slippers.
@SenSanders, your ideas are like a hurricane. They have high wind and cause destruction.
Right On
