Obamacare repeal plan won’t get full CBO analysis by key deadline http://politi.co/2xMY47j  
Similar to how incomprehensible it was when #Democrats told us they had to pass the #Obamacare bill in order to know what's in it??
Huh? Just like what the Democrats did.
Republicans don't care what the impact is on the American people. They just want a "win".
I'll tell you what is beyond comprehension #BankFraudBernie
As one of my foster kids used to say, you're making me a headache.
It was beyond comprehension for Democrats to pass ObamaCare WITHOUT READING IT!
The real shame with the ACA is that the democrats then caved into the insurance industry and basically did their bidding.
We must to clean the Congress The Republicans can't understand they work for American People.
so what's the impact you old fart? covers preexisting , moves control to the states, expands medicare or medicaid, stops crazy penalties
Love you Bernie!  Kick some republic booties!
Why the democrats did
@tonirtx @politico key word being Comprehension Its beyond their capability they just want 2 pass something regardless of impact
if i pander to my base saying "free healthcare for everyone" ... yet i know it will not happen ... who am i serving? .... myself of course
@politico it is approaching that time when finding anything comprehensible from GOP is futile.
So far, a lot of incomprehensible things have been happening though
Why are these procedures (dirty tricks) even legal!?  It defies common sense to make law in this slip shod manner.
The same could be said of Obamacare, they 1st passed the bill, now "WE'RE" living with the consequences, hypocrisy once again on display
The Republicans do not care about the American people, only the American billionaires.
So conservatives will try to pass a bill purposely before they know the cost.  If that isn't politics I don't know what is?  Absurd.
you mean like the Dems did with obamacare? Did you read what was in it?
You mean like the dems did with obamacare?
It wouldbe unthinkable for Democrats to support healthcare reformthat will actually improve quality and lower cost.
You mean like Obamacare that my friends healthcare bill just got increased
The double standard is real. Not only did Republicans ask the CBO to look at  Medicare for all but it won't be compared to what we have now
Why can't we just get rid of the greedy insurance companies and regulate the healthcare industry ?
Will your plan, "in the real world" slow "further slow" down processes like, PENDING? ur recommendation from a doctor, insurance waiting 4 ?
Republicans. Don't. Care.  Esp. @senPatToomey
They don't care.
Obamacare disaster is beyond comprehension. Partisan bill, passed late at night after many dems bribed. Horrible and destructive
They know the impact, they're more concerned about their pockets...
You do understand that you are tweeting to a man who owns 3 houses and has never held a job outside D.C. Right? 
And you're tweeting to a man who owns nothing and a disabled veteran. It's not what he has, he's fighting for who don't have.
Following the model of failed Socialist Nations is not the way to fix this it only weakens our economy and makes more families vulnerable
You tell em Bern! 

Like Nancy Pelosi telling you that you have to vote on Obamacare before knowing what's in & how it has ruined HC,bankrupt states,&family HC
Bdjsnx
Sadly, it is no longer beyond comprehension. Unfortunately, it's most Americans have come to expect it. How did we get 2 this pitiful state?
Republican don't care about America or Americans.
The bill had been set up to pass senate, helping Americans is not part of it at all.
The @GOP are raping Americans of Healthcare. Push push in the bush.
Maybe you should listen to Obama's reasoning for continuing wirh the ACA. When he cannot explore how he would pay for all the tax relief.
Better why don't you explain it to us?
You will never say the words. You know Obama set loose the IRS to aggressively pursue tax dollars.
The IRS is ruining small businesses.  Not the "demon rich Inc's" you all so much hate. That's how you all planned to pay for the ACA.
Bernie, I voted for you in the Primary. I voted for Hillary in the General Election, no thanks to you. Just sayin'.
Why can't WE the people vote on this?
CBO totally missed the mark on Obamacare. Lacks credibility in my opinion.  Another example on how the federal govt cant do much right
Pretty much the entire U.S. government is beyond comprehension. #drainsthewamp #resist
Stop these killers!!!
I find it very easy to comprehend Republicans in Congress. They are evil people who only care about the Rich.
It would be beyond comprehension for you to talk about people having too much money when you own 3 houses
#Republicans don't comprehend anything. That's why they're Republicans. @GOP @SenateGOP @dotgop
Another "let's vote before people know about it"
No CBO No Vote
Are you saying the Democrats knew exactly what was in the bill & the damage it would do when they passed Obamacare?What did NP say about it?
You have to pass the bill so we know what is in the bill.   How did that work for Dems?
How can you even consider doing this.
Impeach impeach trump
@GOP:  "Don't know, don't care.  Here's all we need to know :"
They know. They don't care.
Like when you couldn't tell anyone how your bill would be paid for or how much it would cost literally last week?
If Medicare for all isn't passed then the government should stay out of health care. Obama care for me is like extortion.
Can I get a -B
The proposal alone says they don't care about the impact on the American people.  That is obviously not who they serve.
What if we don't sign up for Trumpcare?Tell Congress it's all of us or none of us. This is our country, you work for us.
You mean like the financial devastation Obamacare wrought on USA WITH a CBO score? Oh please-stop the phony 'score' argument.
Since when is it beyond the comprehension of anyone that the GOP will screw the poor?
You know this
No it wouldn't it would actually allow the people to reform healthcare state by state which is the only way it will work Sen Sanders
Lol please Unfollow me
Why
@politico ...and yet they have every intention of doing just that!
The Trumpcare proposal is another effort from the health care corporations to destroy any struggle to control costs.
Then... you don't know Republicans
Bernie does not do these tweets he is sleeping right now
why the dems past it before reading it
They don't care how it impacts people.
How are Ivy League Skull/Bones good old money families going to create markets/dynasties in an exponentially expanding poverty ridden USA?
That's because they do not care their GREED is what's important not the people not the suffering not ever
Vote NO!!
They don't care about Americans!
Yeah it sucks because it keeps 90% of ACA.
The Republicans don't care. All they want to do is to repeal anything that Obama got credit for.  They just want to give the rich a TAX CUT.
You gotta pass the bill to see what is in the bill!!
The democrates did with Obama ass care
@katieporteroc @politico is it really beyond comprehension?
This is another holocaust!
like you did with Obama care? are you that senile you forgot?
There's no evidence anywhere that they care about us!
It's beyond my comprehension that people are still listening to you.
We don't a right to someone else's professional skills and experience!  Just say #NOTOSINGLEPAYER
Of course not, it wouldn't be favorable.  Unbelievable that that they giving tax cuts to the most wealthy and screwing the most at risk
This is ALL beyond comprehension Bernie
The best you geniuses could come up with is Obama care you should be ashamed you old sell out
They know the impact. The just don't care. The don't have to use the insurance: they'll opt out.
Haven't we heard this before? Haven't they tried this before? What's wrong with the GOP? I know.They don't care abt the American ppl
2/2 Once again it's party over people.
It's beyond comprehension (and logic) to bash a health care bill without knowing it's impact on the American people.
They don't care!
You mean just like the Democrats did when they passed this trash? My rates and costs have risen every year since #feelthebern
They don't know it's effect on the people because they don't care about them. They only care about the lobbyists that pay them.
ACA has done enough damage. If you want single payer, TALK TO @realDonaldTrump  HIMSELF! Show him the math.  Make him understand.
#Republicans Just Don't Care!
All they want to do is destroy everything that Obama did w/ no plan or backup to help people Just hurt people
Helps their rich donors. All they need to know.
What is wrong with @GOP ??
What's really scary is that the people for Medicare 4 all no idea of costs and waste fraud in current system think will get better They vote
"We have to pass the bill to see what's in it." ~ @NancyPelosi  but u guys were ok with that...
they are
Throw the bums out!
How can you be that naive?
You mean like you did with the ACA?
sheer greed Bernie
But it was perfectly fine for Democrats? "We have to pass the bill to find out what's in it" was the phrase...
It is amazing of how many people think the govmt should provide HC to citizens. People who believe have no understanding of the constitution
They just don't care.
may congressional members reap what that intend to plague the American public with
Isn't that their MO though? Disgusting. Immoral. But certainly not beyond comprehensible. 
Why. You did it with obamacare.
MUCH LIKE THE #Democrats ..aka...RATS DID WHEN YOU PUSHED THE DISASTEROUS #OBAMACARE ON THE #AMERICAN PEOPLE SIR!

COMMIE SOCIALIST HACK!!!
American people stronger without Gov. 1 player Social Engineering Healthcare. More spending money on MEDICAL efficiency
like you folks on Obamacare? "you need to pass the bill to find out what is in the bill? hypocrites!
Ummm... Obamacare?
Republicans hate the American people! Millions would loose their coverage AND eliminate Medicare/Medicaid!!
It's very easy to comprehend: they don't care about people, they care about profits for corporate donors.
They don't care. They need legislation and ways to help their rich and/or corporate masters.
CORRECTION: It was beyond comprehension for Dems to proceed with their health care bill without knowing its impact on the American people.
The Republicans in #Massachusetts said it RIGHT, that #Cassidy with Trump!, 
they can do anything, everything to repeal & replace #ObamaCare
Weird that you are pushing #M4A without knowing what it will cost!
@politico 
I couldn't agree more with Bernie
It's beyond comprehension for a Socialist to own 4 houses & get bank loans based on lies but not if you're a Socialist leader. Beware. #MAGA
You are of course assuming that the Republican Party gives a stuff.
You're only motivating them.
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT OUT OF OBAMACARE!! The majority of the STATES want OUT! And we don't care about the impact on ILLEGALS!
That is exactly why they will go forward with it. No concern for the millions who will b hurt. Just want to help the rich & screw the poor
Smug people with jobs. With the changes, you are less likely to have affordable or any insurance do to the employer mandate removal.
So you gonna call for violence again today have your peeps go out and shoot Republicans?
But you signed the bill called Obama care and it's killing us now people in their 50s and 60s can't afford insurance thanks!!!
@politico well they are Cooked and Brain washed.! They don't care it's about making more money for there buddies.!
