We the senior citizens are the forgotten ones.
but GOP seems to think it is 100% ok for me to die starving in the streets in my old age. I'm not "useful" any more, a disposable human.
I don't think there's been one case of starvation in the United States of America .
he's just a troll, Eugenia. Please don't feed the trolls.They tend to breed and you waste your whole day trying to battle em. Block, move on
Maybe I can get a job as a paid troll for the GOP/Russian mafia, Koch Brothers. Then I wouldn't face hunger, homelessness and pain.
All these people who attack Bernie and think this budget is a great thing may loose their cushy homes and lavish meals, get sick, injured
No we're looking forward to keeping more our own money. I'm 60. I've worked since 16. I want to be able to afford to go to the doctor again
I'm 72, budget will destroy my life. Minuscule Soc Sec, depend on food stamps, housing subsidy, Medicare/medicaid. These cuts will kill me.


We are not a humane society.
Wasn't Bernie chairman of the VA when 307,000 Vets died while waiting for care?

So you attribute waiting for care to money and not to mismanagement? That is a post hoc ergo propter hoc fallacy!
As a disabled veteran I can fully assert that myself and every veteran I know abhors how the VA is ran and is in fear of their healthcare.
I guess I'm just not sure if that can be blamed on a Sanders. The entire American healthcare system is fucked.
The VA is a great example of Government ran Healthcare, and this is what Bernie wants for everyone. More Government is never the answer!
Flat tax! Everybody pay the same percent
Govt needs to prioritize & budget. Cut out what isn't abso needed. Just because something was given, it can still be taken away
Calm down, politics don't kill people, guns do
You know what Bernie? Let it happen. Bring it one. These people deserve to watch America crumble because for supporting this imbecile.
We can leave.
The federal government has zero place in healthcare. It is simply unconstitutional.
I agree with him their philosophy is just turning to shit and they only benefit themselves,  I believe in help as many as you can but it's too much to save them all when the weight of their greed holds them in their own egos
Senator Stop the Hate Speech haven’t we all suffered enough.
The Funerals haven’t even started it’s time to stop. MC people need a tax break
what the hell do you understand about being humane? How is redistribution of wealth humane? RE; Soviet Union, China, Cuba...
Conclusion: US is not a humane society.
So standard @GOP budget. Trickle down effect, kill the poor, pay and jobs get better
Promotes business, so they can expand, which allow more employees (jobs) and high wages. sounds pretty good if you ask me.
That's because you only see it from your safe, wealthy standpoint.
Not at all
Hell with that. Time to invoke the 25th. @realDonaldTrump is not fit to lead anymore (not that he has really led.)
Please stop them!  When do they stop terrifying us?  Yell at them for me! Just finally starting to get even on bills.  Now this?  No!
Not hate speech, truth about the Republican Aktion T4.
Says the person supporting it.
Your tweets contain lies that can only fool the unwitting, bamboozle the unwise, and destroy the gullible.
Does anything other defrauding banks, taxpayers, etc, not kill people in your world #BankFraudBernie?
Socialists hate it when government may have to take less from taxpayers, which will give them less to redistribute. Middle class WINS !!!
While the lower class dies because they can't get essential health care
Baloney- that’s what what people hate about politics and politicians. If you don’t like the budget, have a conversation , but your talking points are nonsense!
You should not be allowed in a humane society because you don't live by what you want to force on the people.
There you go with more of your bullshit.  Everything the Republicans do Bank Fraud Bernie you accuse them of killing people. #MAGA
How on earth did folks survive before 2008? 
What the f are you talking about Bernie? Your lies are what's causing your people to get violent. Stop with the created drama & grow up!
Could you possibly be a bigger fool?
Damn Bernie..It's statements like this that makes ur supporters feel justified to SHOOT conservatives.

Make adult arguments, with facts.
Why wouldn't someone feel righteous in killing conservatives when you call us murderers? 

Ur "rhetoric" is the problem @SenSanders.
Bernie needs a med change....
Trump needs a libotomy asap!
Your probably not from America
Where are you from and is that place great
Hmmprobably not
She’s from Portland Or.....yep, a different planet & mindset mixed into one delusional being.
I knew itthere is such a thingALIENS
What is this world comming too
And its OK to kill 53million unborn babies, butcher and sell their parts, that's humane, right?
Republicans are the death panels they warned us about.
How is it possible people lived prior to ACA? Dems claiming people will die as result of change is absurd, irresponsible & creates fear.
Old man Sanders you should say something when you're on Obama care of yourself you got the sweet deals Obamacare sucks
Bernie why don't you sell your homes and donate your money to the people who you say will die? That should sustain them for a very long time with all your worth!  And then go move to Cuba, Venezuela or china. You love communism so much have at it!
Why is every branch of American Govt, all led by Republicans, trying as hard as they can to hurt as many Americans as they can?  Why?
The further left they are, the more outlandish their lies.
But cuts that they feel will make America great again! Lol.  Hurt the poor and middle class is their cry ! 
You r a shameless propagandist whose only motive is to make conservatives into villains that your fans will find despicable enough to kill.
You are the reason the GOP was shot up on the baseball field, & you are the reason hundreds of conservatives were shot and injured last week
Hey Bernie Obamacare prices will kill people. High deductibles & copays, on top of premiums.
This is what I mean. We simply can't keep going down his path. What can we do?
We already see how well YOUR budget is working, in #Venezuela, and #Cuba.. #Marxist
In the words of Ronald Reagan: "There you go again." You always blow thing out of proportion. Shut up and retire already, senility isn't you
What can individuals do to try to stop or get rid of this dark sighted, so-called president?
Your political agenda kills many more.
Getting a job saves lives. Not getting free money
Interesting, you're worried about a budget killing people but you never lifted a finger to defund Planned Parenthood who murder babies daily
Abortion is a legal right. Abortion is a legal right. Abortion is a legal right. What other rights would you be okay with gov taking away?

If the.last phase of obamacare was inacted, an old fool like crazy bernie would be given the black pill
Time to stick a fork in @GOP They are DONE. #TwentyEighteen and it's Bye-Bye and HELLO #MedicareForAll #LivingWage #ClimateAction #GunSense
Socialism doesn't work you old curmudgeon
I'm working with @BernieSanders to compile a list of the people who will die as a result of the demonic Republican Budget. #TrumpEatsKittens
Oh why don't you and your democrat friends go grind up some more babies
Bern, Americans have rejected your tired old discredited socialist ideals.
But America under Trump is no longer a humane country. Sad, but true
Not even pretending to be anything but vile, greedy, hateful, lying vultures clutching their viagra and spitting on the American people
Of course I won't get a answer.
Another Violent Democrat shooter.
It's this kind of irresponsible, overheated rhetoric that causes big divide in country and makes our it dangerous. Be less dramatic.
I believe your senility is causing you to become overly dramatic. Either that or you are attempting to deflect from your wife fraud charges.
Keep the rhetoric going @SenSanders. Not enough blood in the streets to meet your need yet?
Only thing i see killing people are liberals and ISIS!
so in your humane socialist utopia only budget increases should be legal & the rich get taxed 90%...and ur cult says u would've won  #maga
written by a staffer
So don't let the door hit you on the way out to your socialist utopia Bernie,your choice.
Cuba
North Korea
Venezuela
Russia
Iran
China
you sound like Joe McCarthy
Ahahahaha! Bullcrap!
Scare ‘em Bernie, that’s the only way you stay in power.
@SenSanders hates the idea of encouraging independence.
Drama drama drama
I  Stupid People! Go away Bernie.
HaHaHahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahagh. If ever there was a lyingJerk Bernie, your the man. Clean up your wife's banking scandal #Yours2
Hey Bernie isn't Obamacare also killing people. yep it pay to kill babies.
According to you, if a Republican farts a hurricane comes up. A sneeze creates a tornado. And flicking a booger kills hundreds.
#ChiknLittle
I think you’re full of crap. Such extremism is the new Dem way tho
Jesus damn Christ I see it already we are going to half to go through with you running for president again
Irresponsible #Communist you have caused enough problems already, retire in your million dollar homes and let us working class live in peace
More debt w/ no means to repay can only result in abject slavery.
Oh, That's exactly what you want!
More slaves = Greater success
The GOP has no redeeming qualities they are terrorists!
Did you tweet this from your $600k lake house?
Stop the rhetoric Senator and get something done for America besides bitching and making stuff up. You're supposedly a "leader" and America thinks it about time you clowns in DC lead, follow, or get the hell out of the way...how about Term Limits?
Go 2 bed grandpa
Oh stop it!!
Show your math here ->
Hyperbole much?
Naw Bernie, socialist utopias/hellholes are where people are actually dying. Your over the top rhetoric is simply laughable.
@realDonaldTrump We are heading to become a third world country. Thanks Donny boy! Excuse me, trumpity dumpity!
if obamacare doesn't kill them first.Trying to put fear in people is not working you have over used fear no one listens to a socialist
There is not a single person that is able to work, that if they get a job, stay sober, and take advantage of their opportunities in this great country cannot have a good life!
All you do is lie. Abortion anyone? That's the biggest killer in the US
good grief. As if you did anything about the Primary rigging that kept you out of the presidency despite our votes.
Not everybody gets to be a millionaire by defrauding the American people.
Way too much drama Bernie
This is not a socialist government. We the tax payers do not want to support those who do not work and can. Enough
No humane society puts a gun to someone's head and forces them to pay for other people's Healthcare.
And if it was up to you we would be socialists, Bernie please shut your trap
How's the bank fraud case against your wife coming along, Bernie? #berniebankfraud
Shut up Bank Fraud Bernie
What effect does fraud have on the people? Do the people end up paying more, higher interest rates? You & your wife help..yourselves
In a humane society you would have a better president!
How asinine. Stop political ploys with your Trump bashing & grandiose messages of impending doom. This crap widens our nation's division.
He makes sense. My 4th grader this morning told me " We can solve all the problems of the world if we just made everything FREE " he's right
You will be eating prison food so what do u care. Your opinion is irrelivant... why do u think ppl actually care your position.

According to dumbass Barnie, Pelosi and the rest of the idiots on the left, everyone is going to die.
And the Democrats use Medicare to monetize the suffering of the addicted and afflicted. Entitlements must be reformed to heal not exploit.
What else is new?

It's all around! #PeopleWillDie
Kids...this is your brain on drugs! 
Baseless accusations. Now please clearly explain the intended cuts & how they'll kill & hurt people; or stop with the accusatory nonsense
can you give examples of how it would kill people?
that is right if he thought about the people that was doing with out food they could have won but they were so caught up in
When an administration endorses discrimination of 10% of its population. Guns are a right, healthcare is a privilege? Russia did this to us.
You're talking about the GOP, the anithesis of humane
Don’t believe a word that comes from your mouth.  You were bought and spit on and didn’t fight back!!
it is beyond sad. where is the government that protects all of the people it represents?
Stalin killed people Burny
Sen Sanders, please let me know what cuts will KILL Americans. Specifically. 
If you can I will call my representatives to stop it.I'll wait
I like Bernie.better than Hilary and trymp
Bank Fraud Bernie
Hey @BernieSanders this FAKE FEAR MONGERING is what set off YOUR SUPPORTER who tried to mascare the GOP - Scalise almost died!

STOP IT!
P
L
And here we have Bernie trying to rally his base for another murder attempt.
Isn't one follower trying to mass murder Republican leaders enough for you? Stop with the escalating language!
There will be many more people hurt if the budget isn't balanced & budget cuts made. Suggestion since you're wealthy give up your salary etc
#BernieLogic
Bernie...why do you seek to change our country? Move to a socialist nation and leave us alone
Do you have no shame ?! How do you get away with LYING& SCARING people? What kind of person uses the threat of DEATH for a political agenda?
Curious, do you EVER have a kind word to say to anyone?
Run the GOP outta DC in 2018! YOU running Bernie? Gore? Warren? who the Dems got?
No. Many, many on Medicaid will just have to work.
So now guns don't kill people, tax cuts kill people? Wow. And the only people dumber than the ones who say this, are the ones who believe it
Isn’t there a bank somewhere near you  ripe for defrauding? Hop to it
Sounds like your describing Medicare for all Bernie

Wow, the mindless drones that duck your ass when you say this idiotic shit are ridiculous
Contrived, bigoted rhetoric like this is why your supporters are literally killing people. Settle down there, Chicken Little.
Wait, they are cutting the humane society? Poor dogs....  @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods 
Time to go to one of your three houses.
A humane society? Like Venezuela, you mean?
The young socialists refused to do their part and pay the outrageous premiums required. (2/2
Don't you believe your use of violent language inspires ppl on the edge to commit acts of violence against those with different viewpoints?
OR maybe it just makes folks go to work and stop muching off us working folks
I wish the budget would cut every senators salaries by half. I'll bet that would shut you and your cohorts up. Shame on you.
It will allow our economy to prosper behind the good hard working Americans.
Really a strange human being. He will say anything for power & Money. He’s 80’ something go home.
Universal Heath Care for all USA citizens! It’s a matter of decency and a humans right! Wake  up USA!
"humane society"
Go home Bernie
Keep up your awesome work The Struggle is Real
Liberals are always DoomSayers when its not a fit for their agenda of creating complete dependency on The State! 

Dependency = Control
Bernie why don't you move to California it's the Liberal place to go now! You have enough money to buy a house in Beverly Hillsir Malibu
You insult the title of "Senator" with this kind of demagoguery.
More fear mongering from Bernie Sanders.   Bernie, it's not helping your fellow Americans 
Paper cuts
How’s your Bank Fraud trial going? Jail time soon?
..exactly what socialism does. You know, that 'thing' you support and want!! #BankFraudBernie
Bernie BlahBlah took 27 years to think up a "youth revolution" or his needle stuck on 60's! Take em in class excursion to Venezuela Bern

You have the nerve to make this kind of statement after a #LasVegasMassacre and you know it will inspire similar behavior?! #deplorable
We heard that same lying crap when Reagan took office. Nobody does except our vets w maggots in their wounds when Obama was President!
Fearmongering Bernie spreading more lies about Republicans!
O bull shit

Really kill people? How can you have an honest debate with a dishonest rich guy
Your a socialist, we don't want your thoughts on economic policies.

Wtf are u talking about! People will die!? Govt isnt charity, doesn't mean tax the middle class to pay for everyone's shit
Do you plan on chaining up all the liberals who cut themselves?
Makes you wonder how Americans before big government managed to build this country with their bare hands without dying in the street.
Your campain produced a gunman that ACTUALLY tried to kill people, hurt people, and should not be allowed in humane society. #Scalise
You are spreading lies again.
We need to cut the budget up even more!  so much waste in govt spending!!!!!!
Bernie what will the cuts look like when other countries will no longer buy or debt and our credit rating drops when we can't pay our bills?
You forgot to use the word "Nazi." 
You're slipping, old man.
You are one crazy human being.
