Bernie, You should have been a preacher.
Not someone in everyone's pocket by decree.
Who do you think creates the dollars in your pocket?
Never the government.
Government drains the economy of jobs.
You're confusing the real economy of real resources (labor, etc) with financial question: Who creates our national currency?
We live in a real world.

Gold is the only true money.  All paper currencies have collapsed eventually.
... is always created out of the thin air of our ability to make a promise & issue an IOU (even under gold standard)
The destruction of the middle-class by greedy elites began exactly when the gold standard was abolished, 1971.
Only hard money makes job,
We went off the gold standard for domestic settlement under FDR.  Then had the greatest middle class growth the world has ever seen
What about middle class act ? Everything that ever passes or designed to help others raises taxes that sticks it to the middle class.
I think we should help elderly but not at the expense of the middle class! Create a bill that makes those making millions pay for it!
Let's just put them on an iceberg and float them out to sea.
What are you even saying? No one is against the bill but amt taxes middle class pays is CRAZY especially when none of it helps middle class
If you don't work! You have 0 say on bills! It's not your earnings taken! The middle class get 0 Benefits, NOTHING but we way for all of it!
Taxes don't fund the currency ISSUER.  The fed gov issues the dollars you use to pay tax.
 will increase taxes to fund it!  they won't take it from other programs to pay for this. Stop! I'm not naive! I know exactly how it works!
Point being: Taxes don't fund the currency issuer.  Just as they don't fund the BitCoin issuing computer program
Nobody, I repeat nobody in this world deserves anything. If they want something, they need to plan themselves and get what they want..
Human dignity is not something that has to be earned.
Yup, it is!! It is the best thing that is left for you to earn..
No, it isn't.  WWJD?  Apparently, selfishness is trending.
Jesus should be compassionate because man should not. I should not be like Jesus. And I hope selfishness becomes great again!
You're DEPLORABLE.  And karma will not be kind to you, dear.
Hmmm, ok!! Thanks!!
Bernie Sanders looks like a REAL president not like the FAKE one we unfortunately have polluting the WH.
Hey boys and girls take a look a Venezuela that's what Bernie Sanders wants for America that's socialism
Just like Obamacare was shoved down our throats.
Seriously, fear based
We should not have to pay 85% of our SS and retirement incomes.
Bernie in a few years no one over 65 will be left if the republicans pass there health care  so please carry on fighting for everyone
Yes Bernie, carry on fighting for everyone even those that don't appreciate you-esp those that mock u.May they realize u fight for them too!
I agree 100% Bernie and all politicians who care should get behind what he is doing it should be unilaterally across both sides no question
It must be the hardest thing to live out your last days in loneliness and hunger.. Someone has to pay for the richest to get tax breaks..
He makes me laugh no way to pay for programs, he never tells us how he's going to pay for all the freebie. That's right Fraud!
So why don't you start redistributing some of your ill-gotten money...oh yeah, you need it to pay the lawyers for the fraud suit.
This administration is a disgrace to try and cut these programs back. Better start looking at people as if they are their parents. #Older
Like your 3 homes   that's a democrat socialist I want no part of it..
These 3 modest homes compared to Hillary's
See,we know who Hillary is. Bernard, was never vetted. He's wealthy, takes large donations, and seeks loans from corporate banks!#BernedOut
I can barely afford a 1 bdrm with county assisted rent. Maybe he should open his houses and let people live with him, people need housing!
It's Bernie fighting 4 a minimum wage of $15. Hillary was at $12 & Republicans want us living in the streets eating rock soup #OurRevolution
Senator Sandersshould flippin' be here fighting with us in #california for #medicareforall that might make an impact! But naw 
Bernie has been everywhere.
Amen to that.
No one is going after grannie
Had you behaved like a gentlemen, you and Hillary would be discussing many progressive agendas now.  Instead we're here in GOP hell!
Bernie I love you. You have my vote if you choose to run in the next Presidential election..
He'll be EIGHTY.
BERNIE2020!
He'll be 80.  EIGHTY!!!!!  Wake up.
I wish R's would acknowledge that poor seniors who have burned through savings on Hcare are driving Medicaid increases. #SaveMedicaid
So if social security is going bankrupt, why would we guarantee these people more money?
So they don't die. What kind of sociopathic question is that?
What kind of person doesn't understand that if we already can't give them money they paid in, we probably shouldn't gaurantee them more?
the olders all over the word deserve to live comforably and governments must provide this.
No actually no one deserves anything but equal opportunity. You don't deserve to take money from others in order to support yourself
To be a charitable humanitarian work
One day we will grow older and we need help like them
So charitable to force people to give you their money in order for you to support yourself? That'd be greed
Not when your wife is picking their pocket
I absolutely agree.
If they had chosen to save money for their senior years, we wouldn't have this problem. Also, more social security wouldn't help the budget.
With the healthcare of the past and with the Reps bill, one illness would wipe out the savings of these people
It happened 2 my aunt post stroke.$250k 4 15 mos in a nursing home after Medicare paid their part.My mom pd the rest 2 avoid losing her home
Forget it everyone has the responsibility to plan for the future And family members can help their elderly like they do in many countries
$29,000 is what most people make in the country and we all get by just fine. I think they'd rather have liberty!
Still mad at DNC for stopping this man.
Sanders what DO u know about dignity u r like all the loud month RLLD you think u are poor. I like to c u live off what most seniors live on
Young people's whole lives are poverty,at least these old peeps had economic security in youth.Capitalism dictates we let them die.
Love you
#WeAreAllConnected  we must help one another, be nice and be kind to our Seniors
Many affuluent older people are hiding assets to qualify for government assistance in receiving healthcare, encouraging fraud
People who are frugal saving $ for old age get a short-end of the stick by paying higher tax for other people's medical cost
Pay your own healthcare bills

That is why we send Hillary back home
What would do without Bernie to tell us about problems we already know about but never offer more than platitudes instead of solutions?
Bernie for President!!!!
This is one of your dumbest fake emergencies yet.  Who is saying they don't?
Should've saved their fucking money like I have to.
Yeah. But here on Long Island, average property taxes are $12K. Making that pretty hard for most seniors on a fixed income
Just like you..how many homes do you own, again..?
You can give them one of yours.
You wouldnt have that problem, you have 3 homes. Amirite?
We need to rethink new ways to support the elderly.
If an old American wants some help they can get it. Dont believe this crap. They could  just ask his wife to get them some money.
One can judge a society by how they treat their very young and very old
Fucked up
Eight years after Obama people still strugling
Then they should of prepared their self for retirement.   They had 42 years to do it!!
Not just older Americans, but older Brits too because they're also being hit with another stealth tax / could lose their homes 
I haven't contributed much to society, but it's comforting to know that I won't be a burden as I get older.
Is he talking about himself and the investigation into his wife?? Don't worry Bernie, will leave you in Vermont
There is a time when family and community as such cannot provide the help that an individuals need. It is then time for professionals.


After they spent the last several decades wildly consuming resources, melting ice caps, and sending jobs away.  Let them suffer.
More Marxist/Socialist propaganda.  Bernie your big lies aren't sticking.
Please give up on the Dems and move on. Our most vulnerable citizens need US. #PeoplesPartyNow #SmashTheDuopoly
It's go time! When millions of us stand together... http://draftbernie.org/petition  #PeoplesPartyNow 
Unless they're in a property that Jane wants to buy . THEN they're a burden and must be sent somewhere , anywhere else , feel that fraud .

then they should have saved some money and not counted on govt for all their resources
Yes, try getting spousal VA benefits. What a nightmare.
Bernie you are lying again! You Democrats don't give a crap about poor people or old people. You only care about lining your own pockets.
Nursing homes are crazy expensive, no one ever covers that story hidden in plain sight
Let's get to the bottom of the Clinton's ties to Russia as well.
@SenSanders should we use your example to stay in our homes by #BankFraudBernie! What a joke! Go away you are pathetic!  @girliegirl4ever
So do the intellectually disabled but you lying, stealing wife laughs at that. Hypocrite
Thank you Bernie.
If they earned it.
Not an argument
Unless your wife wants the property, then fuck em
With socialized Democracy the older Americans will die of starvation.
I remember grand folks staying with us growing up. Family should help, not gov't. Way it's always been. Should always be. for kids too.
Do you really care, Bernie ? I doubt you care about anybody but your screwed up self
This I agree with. I've worked in NHomes. Horrible all of them Gov run Medicare Fraud places. Shows Gov run is awful. Private home health 
As soon as we are sick and poor the government takes your house to pay your bills.
2016 DNC Committee votes. I need to Unify with the Democratic Party? Actions speak louder than words. Repub or Dem, no difference.
Like your wife kicking out disabled people
Every American should have basic health insurance like the Congressmen and the Senators. All Great Nations have it Okay Republicans!
Bernie you Rock please Run again        By the way President of Lebanon was elected when he was 81 God bless you Senator 
I LOVE You Bernie!
Yes yes yes!!!
Sure thing Bernie - they are being warehoused in substandard facilities on the Medicaid dime and have their estates ransacked by the gov
Let's hope you can remain in your homes.
Get a lawyer Bernie we are coming for you dems
maybe you should support legislation that helps nursing homes cont. to function so those who can't remain at home don't have to
#berniecare #lawoftheland #ownit #oldcommie #itsyoursnow
My friend saw you in the airport in Des Moines, and it may be that you noticed her staring, but you said hello to her and that rocks!
Do Jewish and Native Americans get reparations? Because Bernie, you said it would be superior inequality for blacks to get it.
This is the time to present a Medicare for all bill. This is the time for  want of #Singlepayer to come true we are 134 yrs late
It's never going to happen Bernie, because you and Hillary couldn't put aside your differences to defeat this SOB. Now Putin runs the USA
And we knew this decades ago which is why we enacted Social Security and why we need need protect and expand it.

Could not agree more .why only America?It has to be elsewhere as well.Our elders deserve better for the toil they put up for  our upbringing
This is me and most of my friends.
Very important
All Americans have the right to educate themselves and plan for their futures.  People are not born old.
You need to retire cause saying the obvious is just moronic! And doing it just to up popularity is just sad!
I am sure a $10 million loan would be a .....wait....who ....what? Oh! That was your wife! Give up your wealth as an example to the masses
Older Americans should get FREE HEALTH CARE, CARS, TVs, SMART PHONES, FOOD and FREE trips top the Nevada bunny ranch every month!
Hey Bernie, YOU like FREE!  How about FREEing us Older Americans from REAL ESTATE TAXES so we can stay in our homes?  EVERYTHING s/b FREE!
Nope..more likely to be living in a van down by the river.
ABSOLUTELY
Protect seniors fixed income rights which eliminate all taxes, especially for those who have worked and paid in all their working lives!
Can you recommend a good banker?
Shut up! You gave us Trump!
Yes, Bernie, and I'm one of those seniors who'd like my $834 back from the DNC that I donated 2 your campaign.  Y don't you care about that?
72million to be (soon) exact
How many homes do you own?  Hmm, a socialist, with three homes?
Sell out old clown
I love u Bernie
Absolutely!
The biggest treat to the elderly is government waste and debt. I AM looking at selling my home due to illegal property tax increase.
Given the lack of human decency, altruism, empathy in so many of these comments, it's no wonder the world labels us "Ugly Americans."
Too many of our citizens ride the coat tales of great Americans of the past & present as if they & their bad attitudes created this nation.
Students should be able to go to a university without it going under..
Which home are you talking about? The one in DC, the other  vacation home?, Or The one in vt?
People need to live with the consequences of their own actions
You are what America is all about... Love you

Most of them don't have multiple homes. https://twitter.com/SenSanders/status/887017671115636736 …
Maybe they can have one of yours, you criminally despicable 1%. We know you're a crook #lockjaneup
GIVE BACK THE MONEY BERNARD. Us seasoned citizen planned for our future. OLDER AMERICANS thought welfare would never end. Socialism not
Our country would be such a better place if more congress people thought like you!  Thanks for looking out for the most vulnerable!!! 
That's why we need to create a safe environment to elder people by having special programs for them at home with medicare and medicaid.
At 57 I can only pay so much. Go away
All of a sudden?
Who sayes they can't comrade Bernie.
Thanks captain obvious
Where does @marcorubio stand in this inadequate healthcare bill? We demand he stand with M Lee and not vote yes!
Have you told these lovely people their SS and Medicare will be bankrupt within a decade or 2
If they defraud banks and bankrupt colleges maybe they get a roof over their head and three squares in the real world.
Which house will you be living in?
Right on target...Thank you
Which leftism takes away, piece by piece.
Hey, demagogue, you know the senior population is growing, baby boomers, etc.. Do you also know there's no money in SS in the near future?
No one deserves anything.
You can't have everything, Bernie. If they can't pay for their homes, they should have to move - not have someone else pay for it.
Explain what you are talking about Senator.  Explain explain explain
Yep, every American should have their entire existence paid for by taxpayers and own 3 home. Kinda like you. #Parasite
Just how many homeS do YOU own, Burnie?
U are awesome!!! Keep it up Bernie!!!
I like Bernie Sanders he's wisdom type old guy
Check out the property taxes in Maryland
Please shut up
Most of the Trump voters r older Americans so I guess they should reap what they have sowed.
...As long as it comes at the expense of their children and grandchildren...
That's us. Baby Boomers. We deserve our SS. Most companies that moved or went bankrupt, employees loose retirement. Happens.
You and your wife are the biggest threat to older Americans. Bankrupt any colleges this week ?
Thank you Bernie. We're wondering how were gong to make it 10 yrs from now.
And what  exactly do you propose we do about it. SS Will run out of money in 2034.
Remember those are the 50s 60s 70s parents who for some reason bellyed up when the fight was on against the ruling power. #ToStonedToNotice
Senator Sanders I completely agree We need you to run for the President in 2020. Our country needs you
What should we expect from a family that betrays its country
He only cares because he is about be one of those elderly.
Why should we care, when they did not. Our parents are to blame 4 the prblms today. As we are at fault for our chldrns fate. #moneymanegment
Are you getting nervous?
If u would stop scamming! !!
I work in human services... it's shocking & infuriating to see SO MANY Americans end a hard-worked, honest lifetime in crushing medical debt
Then stop flooding their neighborhoods w/ sec 8 f ups in the name of social justice; gerrymandering by infiltration robs the most vulnerable
I 100% agree with you. For that to happen, welfare should be tapered down to true needed only. The rest have to work to support your idea.
Make Senate & Congress accountable for stealing the 26% paycheck tax for Social Security and the 10% for Medicaid.
Yesss Bernie!!!! You too ...   
It's not enough 2 voice the good that should b while remaining attached 2 those who could care less. Good will only come thru separation.
Their estates shouldn't be taxed when they work their whole life to save and pay off their homes. Socialism doesn't work.
Hey Bernie how did you afford 3 mansions on a senate salary ? funny how a guy who never had to work is for the working class
The point of the savage legislative class war is to RENIG on owed ssi and medicare to 70 million baby boomers.."used and now discarded".lol
I feel the Bern again!
Single payer full healthcare coverage for every american should be the byword for each and every state&provided by progressiveTax on wealthy
I've worked hard to help seniors get what they needed & you helped Trump take that away. Get your mad followers to do something- be useful
QUESTION BERNIE?Howcim before you and the Mrs were investigated for a $10million fraud scam you hardly ever used tweeter.Trying to deflect?
Would Senator McCain's surgery have been covered under Trumpcare??
Ya with out you stealing it
That true, elders are to be respected, always
Largest issue w elderly staying in thr homes is incrd RE taxes , i.e. local govt spending out of control

Authentic leadership at it's finest!  (hint hint DT)
U blow to hard
I feel that seniors would be better off today if Democrat President LBJ didn't steal from SS. Starting a culture of stealing from Americans.
Very good  Sen Bernie Sanders.  Well put !

Well we need a peoples party to break the military empire then don't we. Why are you playing with dems then?
How do you choose which of your three homes to stay in, Senator Grifter?
Fear mongers
Hey Bernie you could always let them move into one of your homes....
Not if they were dumb enough to get old and NOT be the child of a wealthy %er! You act like this is one of the richest country on earth ! 

QUESTION OF THE DAY: How does a man who NEVER got a private sector paycheck afford 3 $million luxury homes & a $182K Car? Ask BERNIE SANDERS 
Thank you sir!  I worked for over 40 year, i should get my retirement both job and ss. 
I should be able too enjoy my golden years.
You're so right.  I'm worried about myself.  I think Trump is trying to kill us off!
Or, they just deserve to live.
@HuffPost @politico We are, and we will, without your socialist policies.
