100's of thousands of people stranded and losing everything and this is what you choose to tweet about #harvey #HarveyStorm #harveyhurricane
That is what you liberals said when Trump signed Arpaio's pardon during Harvey....
What former conduct? His conduct has always been beyond reproach.
That's not the truth, he was charged with contempt of court, nothing more, it was a misdemeanor charge, it was politically motivated
Honestly people are simple. Trump only has one thing on mind, money. He doesn't care about jobs or the average person, only getting more $
Where do you think the money Corps make to too? No in a mattress
Milton Friedman: Why soaking the rich won't work
Friedman's a joke, it's not "soaking the rich/corps" w/equivalent-impact taxes 2 pay 4 the wars they profit from, sending troops 2 die in.
I see YOUR ARE JUST KEEPING HATE AND STUPIDITY ALIVE.
1st, it's YOU'RE, & YOUR ARE cap-locked derangement from not comprehending tax concepts & how Friedman's position regarding it failed BIGLY.
Replace the broken window with taxes, exposes the truth. 
The Broken Window Fallacy
That's idiocy & geared to idiots, not that I'm calling U one, but the govt using taxes 4 public works is essential to a functioning society.
Stop worthless insults. The gov needs taxes for things that it is Constitutionally required to do. BUT, it spends most on Un-Const. things
By the way, Bernie, how did you get so RICH? We noticed you and your embezzler wife added a 3rd home and a $200,000 vehicle last year.
Dems&GOP have prioritized big business profits over the pursuit of happiness for regular folks. Progressives must flip that script!
Progressives couldn't flip a script on an all black cast tv sitcom.
Great work by @Anderson_IPS .. Take a look at her latest op-ed on this issue:
WRONG Milton Friedman: Why soaking the rich won't work
Uhm, We know this, it’s republican voters that need to know
1/ Burnee's half-assed logic is it's own killer:
1) Corporate CEOs are infinitely greedy
2) The ONLY money corps and
Here's what Trump and corporate CEOs don't want you to know: Corporate tax cuts don't create jobs. They go into the pockets of wealthy CEOs. 
2/ their CEOs have is that which their EMPLOYEES MADE FOR THEM
3) The infinitely greedy CEOs are NOT going to use the opportunity of lower
Where can I download this video to share on different platforms?
Like #climatechange there should be no debate on taxes but they keep dangling a carrot out there and the name of that carrot is #Jobs
Cut taxes corporations get richer and no jobs will be created! Bullshit! From the Bullshit king!
So, what do they do with their money once they earn it?  Stuff it in their mattresses?  No, they invest it or buy things.
Sorry Bernie but you think corporations are going to hire more people with the highest tax rate in the world?  Can you do any math?
They don't want to hire more workers - period! And they don't want unions because they want the least workers for the least pay!
Why would they not want to hire?  That's how they make more $.  Who makes more, a business with 2 employees or a business with 100?
Did you forget that those employess have to be paid? 2 employees at 10$ an hour, and your open 24 hours, that's 480$. If you have 100-
$100 but pay them $50, you make $.  But if you have 50 employees, you make much more $.
Actually, you don't. Plumbing is a service, not a product. If 100 people call that week, you get $10,000 dollars no matter how many employee
Yea... In many cases it's corporate welfare and far exceeds the amount of welfare we give to poor people truly in need.  Haves vs Have Nots
You know corporate welfare is the opposite of capitalism right
Some government incentives are good. But I think the Republicans too often give tax breaks to corporations that don't result in new jobs.
We should fully abolish the Income tax for everybody
Yea right... Because that math totally adds up.
There was no math there
Trickle down is not working in Kansas now and caused inflation and economic Kayos under Reagan.
But consolidation of wealth to 1%
RESIST
Consider eliminating all loopholes and deductions, lowering the tax rate for corporations. It becomes an even playing field
Your high Corp tax rates & disastrous regulations are  forcing our companies to leave the USA.
I trust the evil, greedy CEO I work for a BILLION TIMES more than I trust Burnee to spend that money for my benefit
Here's what Trump and corporate CEOs don't want you to know: Corporate tax cuts don't create jobs. They go into the pockets of wealthy CEOs. 
Not a republican but My response would be why are states like Texas and Florida keep growing while states in the Midwest & northeast falter
weather
No, tax rates are lower, in CT businesses are leaving in droves (people starting to as well)
Sources ?
"Connecticut’s irresponsible spending makes it an unappealing place for many families and businesses, and high taxes prompt.....
Good times here lol
corporate tax cuts also do not result in rising wages for their employees.
No but it does create job investment and more people working smfh
unemployment is at 4 percent, so spare me the talk about job creation.
Oh, so there's nothing to worry about then.  Then, why are you complaining?
I think we should be talking not about 'we cant compete with low wage economies' but instead why we can't compete #rent #interest #dividends
Lets say your right. Raising taxes doesn't create jobs either. It just allows for senators to have three homes.
There is no trickle down anything.There is only more money in wealthy pockets and less money in poor pockets.Don't let trump get away w/this
Abolish income tax
#BankFraudBernie #SocialismSucks
You're so generous, you'd give the shirts off of our backs!
Every word out of this President's mouth is a lie.
This is all about the richer getting richer, and the people at the bottom getting on.
Is it more, or less lucrative than defrauding a university? #fraud
The ignorance of basic economics in this tweet is staggering.
Under your logic, we should tax corporations at 100% to increase wages to the highest level probably. #usefulidiot #Communism doesn't work 
Accusing others of what YOU and your WIFE do is called projection. Competition in the free market will punish overly greedy execs.
If you want more jobs go metric. Foreign customers expect products made and labeled in SI units. Metric means markets.
Companies move out of country to lower tax rate countries. Thank God we even have any companies left for ppl like this to even pick on.
Absolutely not true. If I have more profit after tax I pour it into the company to grow it. Planning on the long game to make real $s

Here's what Bernie doesn't want you to know. Lower taxes means keeping more of what you earn. His wife is under FBI investigation for fraud.
Unless you get a bigger tax cut for having more employees, there is nothing stopping them from keeping the money and not hiring more.
Corp tax cuts are NOT a guarantee. What is a guarantee, is the little guy is the one who actually pays corp taxes. It's a pass-thru tax.
I own a corporation, cutting my taxes would help my company grow because I could afford to hire more people.
So, taxing businesses more leads to more employment and higher wages?

You win the gold medal in mental gymnastics 

Bravo Sen Sanders.
Sanders shows his true colors; "F**k your small business!"

This video is the most putrid form of sophistry imaginable.
Fake numbers. Doesn't include jobs created overseas, should be  jobs in USA if earnings-repatriation were possible with low corp tax rate.
Here's what liberals want you to know:  corporations don't want to incorporate in America due to high taxes, these not creating jobs.
I've never worked or done business with a poor person
Thank God you are not the president because it would be dangerous to have a potus with absolutely no idea of economy.
About the sample: tax-dodging companies (not random) carry bias with them. Dodging taxes, you are already corrupt.So result - also biased.
Its not gonna urge the existing companies in u.s to hire more but new companies moving there because of low tax thus hiring more.
Umm, Bernie, we know that already. That's why we keep fighting against corporate tax cuts. smh
Goddamn when is your old ass gonna croak already?
I'm sorry, but where do you think jobs come from?  And where do you think the money to pay employees comes from?
So your argument is raising taxes will create more jobs???!!!...you obviously think the average American citizen is a complete idiot.#MAGA
Here's what Bernice doesn't want you to know, he's never taken one of his suits to the dry cleaner. Fact!
He's an economic illiterate.
Said by a man who's been on taxpayer dole forever ...
You are totally clueless when it comes to economics. Time to retire.
If this is true, why not double corporate tax rates? Let government take all the money and redistribute to achieve equal outcomes.
Wha...I...can't...

You really have no clue how economic structure of a corporation works, do you?

And my generation wanted you in charge..
Because taxing businesses outta business worked well for the economy 
Basically, everyone with a half a brain knew this.
The fallacy of this logic is in the inability of its followers to unanimously define what "paying their fair share" means.
Who TF wants to pay over 20%? How would you feel if it were your money? Gov't didn't earn it, THEY DID. Gov't is never happy!
Go away Bernie. Just go play...some game that everyone wins at and retire. Love, most Americans

@SenSanders is to economics what @billclinton is to fidelity.
And college Presidents!  #retirebernie
Yes. The wealthy know the only way to get richer is to hoard money in their Scrooge mcduck money bins.  How naive
CEOs have gotten more people out of poverty than the government ever can You can't taxs a nations people into wealth
Yo, Bernie, please cite your peer-reviewed support for your commie nonsense... waiting... waiting....
No they don't. They reduce the risk incurred by job creators so that they are incentivized to make those jobs.

PoTAYto, poTAHto.
Prove it.  Stop smearing unnamed people.  Prove it.
If you raise taxes, they increase prices on consumers. If you lower taxes the opposite happens. In the latter, consumers win. #Economics101
Thats why the Reagan Years are known as the years of excess .
Please read "The Richest man in Babylon." You might learn something.
Bernie. Listen. Lower taxes relative to other places encourages companies to move. When they move they bring jobs with them.
Neither does socialism!

Tell that to Texas and Florida...
I reject the lie that corporations pay their taxes at all. Consumers pay taxes. That's it.
High taxes help big business because they bank overseas to dodge them and let the rates kill small businesses who could compete with them.
Plus almost every large Corp is a Democratic fundraiser. They LOVE the high rates/complexity = no competition
massive intnat corps utilize loopholes because you made the tax code so complex.
90% of corporations are small businesses, LLCs, locals only places. It is RIDICULOUS that these small business give you 1/3
Bern Man, this is brain dead.
You're just being a selfish hypocrite, preying on the economic illiteracy of some people. It's NOT your money Barry!
Not necessarily. And how is it your business anyway?
And tax dollars going to the government does not create wealth. Does anyone trust the gov with more of our tax $$$. Less government please
She doesn't even want to say what their tax rate should be or how raising taxes would make companies hire more workers.
Do you know where I can get a 10 million dollar loan? Oh and how do you pay for those 3 houses you have, on a Government salary??
Gee... I wish I could get elected to congress and make $174,000 a year lying though my teeth to my constituents like you Bernie.
Well, the job statistics seems to disagree with you, as reality do.
You are an economic liar and fool
Says #Socialist who has never held a private sector job.
If CEOs were truly greedy they would expand their business making more money and creating new jobs.
And Venezuela is a model economy according to you.  Sorry, you need to sit this one out
Yet another senile old politician
Higher taxes help companies grow faster?
Really?
Backpacks full of lead help marathon winners run faster.
Seems comparable.

Both true, yes?
How are you a senator? What is wrong with the people of Vermont? Vote this guy out.
Under your logic, corporate taxes should be raised to 100%, as that will create the most jobs.
You're smarter than that. Profits go back to shareholders. Shareholders approve CEO pay by virtue of increased share prices. Stop lying.
There are shareholders who decide how much a CEO can make, they can't just pocket the money.  Sanders is a demagogue.
Tax them more I say. This whole "incentive" thing is just a myth.
Worked pretty well for Reagan.
And I suppose those corporate CEOs don't create hundreds if not thousands of jobs when they spend their money.
Is economics really that hard?
Gov't welfare programs don't create jobs either. When you vote to increase the debt limit you will be mortgaging the future. #socialismsucks
Apple disagrees with you
2 trillion waiting to come hack.
CEOs get tax cuts because they spend alot of money which are called deductibles. Also, therefore they fuel the economy to grow and run.
I'm considered middle class. I run a small business with 8 employees. Are you saying that a tax cut would just go in somebody else's pocket?
Let me put iBernies way,. if U were going to buy your 3rd house and the tax in Vt was 15% and the Tax in CA was 30% where would you buy it?
Apparently, you seem to think we can't look anything up.
You have no idea how what it is like to run a business.  Oh wait.....but your wife does. She gets more money she keeps it for herself.
You truly have no clue about economics. Please stop corrupting people's minds with nonsense
Here's what Bernie doesn't want you to know: He owns multiple homes on a Senator's salary.
But if we raise corporate taxes, CEOs won't lay off any employees because they'll just magically stop being greedy.
Reducing taxes everywhere creates jobs because the market works more efficiently.
This from a old fart who used to write porn in his hay day.
You didn't learn anything did you?
Go eat a pudding cup
History says otherwise. Much as it says Socialism is untenable. But F those pesky facts.
Lol, that's not how corporate finance works
Bernie...explain the Clintons wealth.
Any time corporate tax cuts occurred in the past, jobs and tax revenue both increased.  But the truth won't allow for your class warfare!!!
70-75% of corporate taxes are paid by employees via lower wages
It can do both.
We reject Socialism, Marxism, Communism or democratic socialism. Any of these forms of government produce poverty, tyranny, dictatorship!
What do they do with that money? Spend it or save it. Which helps the economy at least as well as gov spending it
you have never hired anyone, live off the labor of others aka taxes, take ECON 101 JFK, Reagan, Bush all did it the jobs/econ soared
So it's stuff like that that made you lose....

Not surprising
The only people that hate corporate America are BERNIE SANDERS LIBERAL FREELOADERS.
How would you know- you've never held a job or employed anyone...putz
you are an economic 4 year old.
Guess what Bernie? $15 an hour for burger flippers doesn't create jobs either! BTW, how much of your salary did you share today?
you own 3 houses
This from someone that knows ZERO about economics other than getting paid yourself.  How are those 3 homes again?
But arent you one pf those wealthy people?  #Fraud
Sure is. All while on the government tit... #corruption
You don't even understand why student loan rates are higher than mortgage rates, you big dummy.
Hey, you're a millionaire. Give me some of your money. Because that's how you say it should work, right?
Democrats keep pushing 4 slavery. You don't own us. You don't own our property or our money. You do own 3 houses though.

Why do you continually lie?

Tax cuts increase revenue. Lying about it doesn't change that fact.
Hey there you going to leave your mansion to stand in bread line with me?
For the love of all that is good in the world, please watch the whole Free to Choose series. It was even showed on PBS!
Which they put in banks which is loaned out to entrepreneurs then create jobs and provide services and products to US which makes  great.
What's it like owning 3 houses and spewing garbage like this? You are the 1%, just like these CEOs.
Do not be deceived: Socialists love money. They just don't like it when you commoners have it.
The fraud returns! Tell us another funny.
You couldn't be more wrong.  Socialists are quite dim when it comes to Economics.
Right now the corp tax is so high small biz files under their personal. If Corp tax was lower same plp would have option to file as corp
@SenatorReid @NancyPelosi @SenWarren @repjohnlewis @JohnKerry @RealRonHoward @NAACP @MarkZuckerbergF @LesterHoltNBC https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Z3VoenSM4c …
@sherylunderwood @WhoopiGoldberg @RobertDeniroSr @icecube @NaomiCampbell @MichelleObama @DrBiden44 @JimmyKimmelLive @llcoolj @RobinRoberts
#3) @TheDailyShow @SenStabenow @SenBrianSchatz @JonStewartDAD @MagicJohnson @CarolineKennedy @ozchrisrock1 @kaj33
#4) @GodsWordIsFree @BFostersbox @Eemunchagote @SuperckookLarry @rainrainrain77 @MinnieBellW @adair1946 @LewisCo86458825 @SandySnoble63 @hrw
Cuts need to go to the poor & middle class. Their spending represents 70% of consumer demand & THAT increase in demand will create jobs.
We're very well aware of that. That will never change.

Develop a renewables industry. Be proactive, stop bitching.
Most of us do know, Bernie.  Know well their ulterior motives.
They never have, corporate tax cuts are a proven failure for the average worker.
Abolish income tax for both
Hi
That money just goes back into their pockets don't you still believe in the trickle down effect PLEASE
They want to be landed nobles.  You know, like corporate feudalism...
loosing millions did the wife find the 7 million yet
Communist propaganda
hello
How would you know, Bernie? You've never had a real job once.
OYYYYYY
Facts are facts
We DO know
Oh bernie as usual your socialist view point is wrong.  I guess someone with 12 homes knows how to take the govt. money. #Idiot
This is all about bullshit, bullshit, bullshit!!   Tax cuts for the richest American only puts more $$ in their pockets.  Period!!
Yeah Bernie stupid statement, you relying on history or just your anti corp views! Afterall thats what socialist think!
Yeah, for trumpys loser male so called friends
Why would CEOs care about people getting jobs?
Good point. They are far more concerned about stock buybacks.
Bernie, you’re a socialist. You don’t know anything about taxes, or economics as a whole. Obviously this lady doesn’t either.
Trickle down economics works, do your research.
@CNBC  @steveliesman @RickSantelli @TheRickWilson @ninaturner
people need to see how the "35%" corp. Tax is reduced to well below 20% with all the loopholes and tax credits.
But they create voters for narcissistic politicians.
Well said!
The left accuses racism .look in the mirror. From the the same story the boy who called racist  Let's all get along life is so short
President Johnson huge racist.  Bought black voters. With social programs. Abolish social programs. Let's be equal. Reduce deficit
We  are removing racist monuments.  Why are we not removing racist programs president Johnson started. To be continued.
Tax cuts have to be coupled with spending cuts.
Spend less than you make to stay out of debt.
Econ 101
We the non trumpites know this is bullshit. It's a conspiracy against Americans that have to work 50 to 60 hrs/wk to survive.
many of us see that!
