I'm all for a tax breaks to bring back businesses that is  more competitive with what other countries tax companies
Or the billions in more war..
Both party's are corrupted beyond repair. Vote third party only No more voting for either of these two partys
Amen. #DemExit here after 38 years. Screw both clown car sub-divisions of the Goldman Sachs Party. http://www.gina4njgovernor.com 
Kapper Dale
Those same people the top 0.2% are beggars that follow different laws in exploiting wealth from established Wall Street. RicoAct.
How dare people people keep more of there own money!!!  GOVT needs that to waste on BS!!!
Grrrrrrrr!
Well, they're evil crooks, so...
The GOP is consistent in relieving the wealthy from paying their fair share of taxes. Trump is proud of paying NOTHING!
Don't worry. That'll trickle down. Kinda like the prostitutes Trump hired. 
AND $700 billion for military
700 million going to Israel! They only demanded 500 million.
Why do we do this? Israel has universal health care. If we can't afford that, why are we giving to a nation that can?
So they can give it back to the war industry. It's used to buy planes and bombs from us.
That's why they want want to silence protest against Israeli apartheid actions.
Listen to you, the big government spender!
You need to shut this government down now!
LMAO...oh Bernster, let’s talk about the deficits you, Oreo and the dems racked up the last eight years! And what single payer will rack up!
Ok. Sure. Go ahead and tell us Doug.
You, my friend, are exactly why people are revolting against DC. You listen to and spew the diarrhea propaganda this communist puts out!
Ok, great. Now tell us what you meant.
Oreo racked up $10 Trillion in additional debt in 8 yrs! Bernster’s single payer feces will add $14 Trillion over 10 years! Understand now??
Can you cite your credible source of this info?
Any number of foundations have scored Bernster’s ploy. Look it up! It’s free to research!
You're the one tweeting the numbers. Back it up. I'm not making any claims.
The real reason for #Medicaidcuts- rich donors  to #GOP control the GOP cowards
So sad - but so true.
You say you're worried about the deficit. But you support government health care.
It is disgusting
They'll then say there's no money for entitlements so they must be cut. Old story
Aren’t they elitists? It’s not about the 1% anymore
And what do the awful Dems say?
Bernie, they are systematically destroying us/US. Isn't there anything we can do?
Breaks, or rate cutlets? Big difference.
Welfare for millionaires. Oh the cynicism.#SinglePayerNow #healthcareforall
Right! @realDonaldTrump  Karma will get you soon, no doubt. But screwing others the way you do, is really appalling. Its Mueller time!
Criminal Insanity! Must also remember who signed into law Citizens United so we can understand its historical sequence
We're 20 trillion in debt thanks to the lieing Democrats. You need to retire.
Hey OLD man - how about talk about Term Limits.  I pay enough taxes and get NOTHING for it.  Jobs are needed - not more free stuff
And spend $700B on our bloated military.
.@sensanders you want to bankrupt America like your wife did to that school she ran. Sell your extra houses
surely opposing a tax cut that will significantly reduce income revenues is the opposite of trying to make America bankrupt
wow...they just raised the debt ceiling in conjunction with your party and its leaders
That is not a small number
I mean, only because every time broad, across the board tax cuts have been implemented in America's history, tax revenues have gone up...
They are full. Of. Shit.
Saw you in the #freelunchsociety today. :)
Worries about the deficit? Did you see the new military budget?
700B for military, but no money for citizens.  Passed with no debate, and 89-8.
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan can't tell their ass from their elbow let alone understand the broader subtleties of their policies.
We need to raise the taxes of the 1-2% along w/the middle class to cover the costs of single payer! Let's fight these bastards all the way!
@JuddApatow The deficit worry is a red herring. It's like blaming the thermometer for recording a high temperature of someone with flu.
Republicans: And with your help we will blame that thermometer!
Time to muck it up with these "fools" Mr Sanders
When will the govt be forced to cut back like the rest of us?

Thank you to every single disabled person who risked arrest for HealthCare. Blessings and Love To All Of You.
Not to mention the ridiculous increase in military budget they are supporting!

Those breaks are necessary because it helps create jobs.  Tax the hell out them then there is no incentive to hire or expand.
They ARE funded by the top wealthiest so this isn't a shocker.
Universal healthcare would allow companies to spend money previously used for insurance on wages and infrastructure. Good for business.
90% of the people who voted for him will get Zero help from these tax cuts. I wonder how bad it's going to get before they understand?
When a company or such is mishandling funds I too totally think I should give more money to them
They just voted for a 700 billion dollar war budget, 700 mil for Israel, 500 mil to Ukraine.. Tax payer money WTF
Your wife will be happy.  O she's not that rich.  But rich enough
Bern? You pay for it? You have the money bags
BS
Bern? Please stop the lies
well senator they have to look out for their donors!
bernie would love a tax rate of 90%.
Doublespeak!
Bernie, lets put a 75% tax on all wealth earned by members of congress during their ten year in Congress.
Hey why r u mad? This doesn't include u?
Hey bernie how's that bank FRAUD investigation going 4ya
Which takes America $1.5 TRILLION DOLLARS deeper in debt!  : (
And a 700B increase in military spending. (To be fair pretty much everyone in Congress and Senate was onboard for that)
Pl keep us the good work. Publicity of this most helpful.
With a 22 trillion dollar deficit why would anybody get tax breaks? You should be increasing the taxes to cover the cost of invasion and War
And spent $25,000 just so they don't have to fly via a commercial airline.
You gotta admit,the Nouveau-GOP does try2take care of their $ base.Nazis notwithstanding.NazisRjust the ideological base,no real money.
Why are we the country with HEALTHCARE FOR  PROFIT? The companies get rich of off pain injury and sickness... Support BernieCare.
The middle class drive job creation by buying shit. Shrinking middle class + 1% tax cuts = big money sitting in bank accounts.
& $700billion warmonger bill
Republicans simply lie to their base and the base is dumb enough to believe it.
Our @POTUS is contributing his own money to our national deficit.  Have You? Or are you just another greedy #eletist all talk no action!
I’ll support you to retirement but not your policies
Release everyone's tda accounts and trust funds fraudulently held by the federal reserve in our names and take a look at the 2% then
Thank you Bernie for all you do. I am horrified with many Republicans. Did politicians forget we are one country
I see you lowered the number from the top 1% because you and the rest of your gang in the Senate & Congress are in the top 1%
And with multiple natural disasters to deal with that just doesn't seem very smart!!  And don't forget infrastructure that needs addressed!!
Bernie go away
Yea coming from a millionaire with multiple houses and does crap for donating your own money to help others hypocrite
Who's surprised?
Keep trying Bern, we're not going to Socialism! !!
Fake news
Maybe they want 2% to vote for them
You are incredibly deceiving & malicious.
Liberal changing the narrative
@LindseyGrahamSC. "It's not about caring, this is about changing things while we still have a chance"  50 votes is all he needs, to fuck us
Not to mention 80B for the military
@senrobportman are you listening? Do you care?
They called MLK a Communist. If so I am! They call you a socialist. If so I am! These Republicans only care for their campaign contributors
People should start looking into tax preferences to military members. They are unrealistically enriching the group.
This might be an unpopular topic, but it's an important issue. Black hole can be sustained.
and 700 billion dollar defense bill.
Their obscenely bloated defense budget gives lie to their concerns about the deficit.
RESIST!
You say you are worried about the economy, yet your policies lead us to Venezuela-like standards of living.
Worried about the deficit, yet they take a jet from DC to New York that cost taxpayers $25,000 
How do you pay off debt with a reduced income?  Insanity!!#!
Your really bad for the US Bernie i wish you retired. Your are pissed off you came from nothing and you want everyone else to have nothing
Tax breaks don't expand deficits. Spending does. Too bad Burlington college closed you could use some economics classes.
Some people might need a better context. 269B compared to what?
The deficit is just a tool of control for the GOP. It's their damn debt to being with. Bridge to nowhere was waste designed to control O.
Not to mention 800 billion for the military
You're a complete idiot, Bernie.  Who do you think creates jobs.....welfare recipients?
Rich people build companies create jobs and invest. We want 4% GDP. And it will pay for itself.
Have you asked Hillary Clinton if you can borrow her idea for Health Care.
Hillary's idea is ACA, better than Graham-Cassidy but not as good as #Medicare4All
They also just approved a monster sized check for the Pentagon.
Al senators should take a basic exam on economics and taxes be4 being elected. Supporting illegals here cost way MORE than $269B #Trump2020
Who do we owe the debt to? Names an numbers.
And how much more to military? 700 what?? Of course if we don't get rid of this administration we will probably need that.

Who won the Healthcare Debate?

@CNN Save #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief #HealthCareDebate #TakeAKnee #earthquake #GrahamCassidy
What are you worried about you are part of that 1 %
Yes they’re worried the other 99.8% might find out
This coming from a guy whose healthcare plan would cost an average of $3.2T a year over the next 10. You're a funny guy, @SenSanders
What about the $700 billion dollar increase to our military that most of you Senators quietly approved?
Sanders voted against it I believe
There are many weapon industries in Vermont.
So? You need weapons to defend yourself, there are some in Georgia as well.
I checked. He voted no.
.2% r definitely pissing in pres ears in bed with greedy fuken snakes goliums want more an more its never enough shirfty fukers
@SenSanders is all taxation.  We will never make the government   efficient if we keep throwing money at problems.  Look where you got us!
Go figure!!
The next big fight, right after Graham-Cassidy goes down in flames. TY Bernie! 18974
You have to pay  taxes to get a tax break. Most of your supporters don't. It's not a lot of money if we cut $Trillions of wasted spending.
And increase defense spending by 60 billion that DOD didn't ask for.
Criminals! Straight up !
Not to mention the military budget.
Your only bitching cause your in the 3 %
Graham suggested he can contribute more to healthcare.
It's always about the money with this administration !
Health care would be a right and not privilege in India with Jinesh Barjatya as prime minister.
And they don't need it
I love you Bernie, was very hopeful, you would be the President, not this mindless, POS. LOVE you
How else can I pay for my toupees and trophy wife?

The @GOP are Fake Fiscal Conservatives @SenSanders @EricJafMN #HealthCareDebate @cnn
Craziness abounds
It would be nice if the Republicans would tell the truth and read the facts rather than twisting words and giving off a stupid smirk
700 billion on military is not fiscally conservative
And a wall we don't need costing billions of dollars!
When you are serious about the deficit, you do not cut taxes.
Funny how rich guys start wars but dont fight in them, I wonder why, bcuz they have republicans to lie up reasons why its best 4 us to fight
Cause they give us jobs, you wouldn't know about that, never had a real job.
Not surprised at all.
USA actually not interested in socialism and your marxist view Bernie.
Ikr I spend most my day shaking my head in disbelief, I'm pretty sure I have whiplash
Liberals can only pay off debt by raising taxes. Does decreasing expenses ever occur to these guys?
And that's what's wrong with the economy today. The top 10% are not paying the taxes they should
Just be honest the Cassidy bill is not about health care its about elitist care its about the God we stamp in God we trust. Tax cuts for 2%
TIE THIS TO MILITARY SPENDING!!!
You are not a true American you are a socialist a Communist everything that is un-American
They just care about their rich donors and PAC funds...
This Admin is spending our taxpayer dollars hand over fist for their pleasure trips & not on official government business. #GOPhypocites
Where does the private jets for admin fit into this break?

They're the ones paying. You can't give a tax cut to people that don't pay taxes, the 47% that vote democrat to secure their 0%!
maybe they can get a loan like your wife did and bankrupt a college in the process
But you want to tax 90% for your socialism bullshit that works no where fyi
Republicans have to lie--if they told the truth, we would know what grifters they really are.
Insurance works by having Many pay into a pool to pay claims. All must pay to keep premiums down. GOP says DONT contribute! Kills the ACA
Why not dwell on needing more non claimants to contribute to the pool? Then, EVERYBODY pays less.
At least their bringing it down.  Not multiplying it.
So long as I get mine who cares if they get a taste too Barney
Yeah and how much is going to fund @POTUS war with NK? He's funding the military during peacetime, since he intends to start WWIII 
#Impeach
You promote nothing but freebie spending programs that have been proven, and are being proven now in Venezuela, to be utterly destructive.
And any war they desire to start. Like N Korea.
We know you're not worried about the deficit Bernie. You think everything should be paid for by the government. Socialism never works.
HEY... I'VE SAID IT BEFORE.... WE HAVE A SPOILED, SELFISH "TODDLER" IN THE WHITEHOUSE.... WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?  ADULT REACTIONS???
And isn't that really what Graham/Cassidy was about?  Tax cuts for the rich.
I don't get it, if you're filthy rich, what does a million dollar more mean? What else can you buy?
Yeah, they speak out of both sides of their lying mouth and ass.
WTF..give us health http://care.Love  u Bernie
Thank you, Bernie! It's bullshit!!!!
.02%? Exactly how many is that?
Keep fighting Bernie! You've become Washington's moral compass.
which of your five homes are you tweeting this from?
Single payer with bankrupt this country for sure.  #Valenzuela
And charge their pricey chartered flights to us. In private life, we call it stealing.
Leftists destroy anything they touch.  Tax breaks increase revenue.  Where were you in the 80's you Marxist?
#TakeTheKnee until everyone in this nation is treated equally.
Thx 4 calling it out! The subtitle of their plans are serving their donors tax cut demands
Go away plz. You are the very definition of "hypocrite".
Just a side note: 0.2%=20%, 0.02%=2% which are you referring to?
...and how much did they just increase military spending?
all you want to do is spend more money than we have on failed programs.
Take them down Bernie!
We all know they're only worried about the deficit when a Democrat occupies the White House.
And $700 Billion more for Military Spending  !
Sounds like campaign finance reform needs to happen to remove this conflicted interest in governing.
Are you implying that the record taxes collected the past 2 years reduced the deficit?
Define tax rev and employees
Bernie, what is your income & wealth???
Don't forget increase military spending
#HealthCareDebate Repeal and Replace Obamacare with a  OVER STATE LINE COMPETITIVE HEALTH INSURANCE.
