So ObamaCare's a disgrace. Got it.
No republicans sabotaging obamacare is a disgrace.
https://goo.gl/FRQ1vE  the gop sabotaged the aca while other countries embrace universal healthcare.  Lol
Move to a country with a functioning universal healthcare system?  Wow what a great idea!
Apparently our government has money for his care but not actual Americans.  Go figure!
Excuse me but I'm a health care professional at a free clinic and there is nothing disgraceful about it. We give excellent care.
You are clueless.
When the government pays for your healthcare and you don't have to pay what do you call that?
Do not personify the govn't. It is a thing, not a person, and doesn't own people. Owned people are slaves. You need some common sense girl.
Things sure are going swell in Venezuela, huh, Bernie?  Keep your Commie crap.
I expect to see @SenSanders name next to "yes", for repeal and replace, of this "disgraceful situation" called Obamacare.
We love you Bernie!
Shouldn't the ACA have provided these people coverage? Wasn't that the point? And yet they don't have it....I wonder why. 
@BadNewsBradley @washingtonpost Have your wife donate 10 million to get the donations started.  #LiberalLogic
Not only is that a bullshit charge, but its a false equivalency. Keep to the fucking issue. #ConservativeLackOfLogic
I no longer debate.  If that cheesy line offended you , I'm sorry. I'll let Bernie be.
This is so sad,so many take for granted things that others don't have. This is NOT how America is supposed to be.
Yes, it's shameful. I read about this. Everyone needs healthcare. We all bleed. No 1 person health is more important than another's.
This is what happens when you make people believe that they are entitled to get "FREE" things @SenSanders  Nothing is free in life.

The reason I started my financial freedom blog http://greenbacksmagnet.com  is this very reason. Americans can't afford meds, food, edu & hms.
What's wrong with Socialist??!! 
You say that like its a bad thing :)))
Yeah Socialism can be bad if it's abused...just like Capitalism is right now! 
How can this be disgraceful under ObamaCare, @SenSanders ???  You guys have told us for 8 years that O-Care is wonderful!!!!
Yep, that federal single payer program is wonderful.  Just ask our veterans.......  
Shouldn't you refrain from sentencing someone until you see evidence —be it Sanders OR Trump?
Not only do #libtards have a hard time with reason and facts, it's tough on some to read and comprehend
Yeah, lob insults when a person objects to an unrelated snark that has nothing to do with the stated issue of healthcare. Typical.
WHAT? Obamacare (Romneycare, relabeled) has NO public option. NONE. The entire plan depends upon the Free Market —which raised the prices.

I gave my cash to family of 5, ave age (with grandma) =9, living in old car in shade of mom's bank, avail because she had acct.US-fam today
I believe it is like that in every socialist country,but it may be once every 2 years
Barry care is a con job done to 1/6th of the americans
Actually Gertrude Stein had it right. "A Republican is a Republican is a Republican."
.  Makes sense if you think about it long enough.
So you admit Obamacare is a "disgrace"
How many dr visits could be paid for with the fines people have to pay for not having health insurance? $695 to $2,085 per person this year!
How does this reflect on Republicans when not one of them voted for the unaffordable care act, which is the current law of the land?
Glad to see you finally admit that the ACA caused this "disgraceful situation" since it is STILL in effect.  Republicans can't fix it either
Go away old man 
I thought Obamacare was supposed to fix this.  Isn't that what you voted for????
#MSNBC #cnn Kill that bill!!!
Not for nuthin' old timer, but "this disgraceful situation" was created by Obamacare.
Venezuela called...

Well, you know the rest.
You and only other Dems voted for this thing. I am missing something. This is your fault but Trump has to fix it?
Ridiculous! When are they going to realize that the people want Healthcare - not tax cuts for billionares?
The Republicans have proved they are the party of Scrooge.

"Let them die, and decrease the surplus population."
Just remember, your party sold this disgraceful situation, Obamacare, on lies and forced it down our throats.
Exactly, Obamacare is a disgraceful situation!! Finally you come with some truth!!
So, Obamacare is clearly not working. Doesn't take a genius!
Wonder how many are illegals who need to be deported. @POTUS I would station @ICEgov agents at these clinics!
"Disgraceful Situation" is now D.C. Code for ACA.
So you finally admit that Olosercare is a horrible piece of legislation that was deemed to be a tax by SCOTUS. Good for you
So you're describing ObamaCare
Math and memory question 4 you. How many #Republicans voted for Obamacare?   Need time?.....Zero.
Bernie & Chelsea sitting in a tree,
If only we were more like Venezuela, right Sanders? They're living the American dream down there, according to you.
last i checked obamacare was still in place. how is this trump?
When I changed jobs (yes Bernie,employed), told doc I'm now on Cigna, said they wouldn't accept it if it was from healthcare exchange.
we dont live in shacks we so arent allowed to complain about the limited access cause by the aca. if we do then it has to be trumps fault
That's mildly refreshing, because I grew tired of hearing "it's Bush's fault" for 8 years.
You mean the excellent amazing healthcare bill that you democrats passed??? HAHA HAHA 
@SchneiderG
Remember-There but for the grace of God go I... Tomorrow it could be you or your family dying for need of healthcare.
This is what they u voted for, old man
Here we have a socialist referring to the left wing media reports. Who won the election?
Obamacare helped create this. The left is fighting to keep this. The cowardly republicans aren't standing against it. Total disaster.
How bout you start paying for The Washington Post and stop stealing your neighbor's? Then we'll talk.
and sadly, many of these folks smoke cigarettes that are making them sick as well as cheap food stuffs.  what a mess
Checks to see who created current health care system......oh this is awkward.
You are a crook Bernie sanders. How many homes do u own while your ppl go without.
And this pic shows s lot full of healthy men. Who's zooming who here?
The democrats are at fault here. ACA is failing on its own with no help from anyone + the Dems won't pass a new bill. Who's to blame here?
TY, Bernie! For admitting what @POTUS #Trump has been saying about Obamacare failing to be true. Yet, u attack instead of working to repair
Feel the burn folks we should all voted for him now we in hot mess
I just hope your wife isn't keeping the books, else it will never improve other than her bank account. By the way, you talk too much.
The disgraceful situation you created?
Hey @SenSanders it's pretty disgraceful that you've been stealing your neighbors paper. Do you do that at all three of your houses?
Ummm ACA(Obamacare) is the law of the land. It's funny how that works, huh?  This "disgraceful situation" belongs to ALL who voted for it.
Damn those Republicans who voted for Obamacare! #ABetterDeal deal is needed, so let's let the Dems screw it up again, right?
Free Clinics! Isn't that basically what your goal is?
Why do you allow @jeffBezos w/ personal wealth of 70 BILLION to avoid taxes on @amazon ? http://www.businessinsider.com/jeff-bezos-buys-23-million-mansion-in-washington-dc-2017-1/#renovation-plans-which-would-change-the-buildings-from-a-museum-to-a-single-family-home-are-currently-under-review-by-the-neighborhood-historical-commission-4 …
This "disgraceful situation," being Obamacare! True statement.
democrats destroyed healthcare in the first place with disastrous Obamacare but nice try scumbag
This disgraceful situation is taking place under Obamacare.
It's presidents like @realDonaldTrump that bring us @OurRevolution.  He is galvanizing the nation, sowing the seeds to GOP destruction
Unbelievably? So you ARE content with the "disgraceful situation"? You know you're talking about Obamacare right?
8 years of dems running the country now after 7 months of @DonaldTrump it's all republicans fault?
This "disgraceful situation" is happening under the ACA which is still in effect. 
#interesting
This "disgraceful situation", brought to you by only Dems & an elderly socialist. #Repeal
Mr Sanders. It's politicians like you who have screwed the country up. A lot of u went to D.C. Middle class then u get rich and screw us
Hey Bernie - how's the #bankfraud investigation treating you?  #ShadySanders #BankFraudBernie #Hypocrite
Nanacy Pelosi told us we would have to pass it to see what was in it..Now you know so go attack her sorry ass.
#BankFraudBernie
Situation = Obamacare, EVEN WORSE = admits Obamacare sucks
Maybe the need to get a JOB? They're 20-something snowflakes!  J-O-B (look it up in the dictionary) #BankFraudBernie
@chelseahandler @washingtonpost this is not right it's not right at all Trump has got to go please help us

So...Obamacare == disgraceful.

Got it.
And when will you advise her to plead out?
Your wife needs to get off the ice cream.
Imagine, Bernie, the freedom to choose our own healthcare without govt interference?  Dems aren't offering that choice.  Never offered it.
Sanders confirms that Obamacare is a disgraceful situation.
This situation is the result of Obamacare and the destruction of American production industry. Their blood is on your hands not @GOP
If you like your Dr.... you can keep....
Bernie SPEAK to the Russian situation! Is it not a waste of time for Dems to pursue? Every foreign gov. has had elections fucked with by USA
Sad.

I'm an MD advocating Universal HC-- Trump voters will suffer most w ACA repeal- share w Mitch!!
Episode 6: "You Have The Right To A Lawyer, But Not To A Doctor." https://youtu.be/8LFS-_nJsnQ  via @YouTube Share w friends in KY, GA,FL,TX,MO!!
You voted for "this disgraceful situation", remember?
Smart! They're "flocking" to the damn FREE clinic bc they CANNOT afford OBAMACARE. If they have TrumpCare they'd have a 'Real Doctor'! #Bye
What's disgraceful is lying to your supporters & then calling them stupid for believing you
You mean like Venezuela-worse? No, that's your shtick.
Oh. This isn't s sign of how well #ObamaCare works?
People are grossly misinformed that have never used Social Services. I did not know about Medicaid for months after devastating accident.
This is BS. They all look like the qualify for Medicaid to me. They can apply on line and be approved withing days. I was.
YOU-Who was DONE DIRTY by the Dems & YOU SAID & DID NOTHING ABOUT IT NOW CARE ABOUT THIS?PUSSY PUTZ BERNIE!
“disgraceful situation“ = Obamacare
Please explain why would anyone be content?
The government has no business controlling our healthcare in the first place. The masses will be healthy or dead and nothing in between.
Obamacare didn't solve this disgrace?  Where did all the money go???
Wow y'all are so good at spewing Dem talking points.
Everyone in politics should get back to fucking work and stop conspiracy hunting. All this bipartisan bullshit does is divide the nation.
Yes ObamaCare is disgraceful !


Right. I don't see anyone flocking to countries with socialized medicine
Probably something orchestrated by the Democratic Party. Just another show for them using people one more time.
Yes, ACA is a disgrace.  Thank you for being honest about it Senator
Wait, you created the situation..voted for it..touted it. US Medical care was the best in the world before you wanted to "fix" it...thanks
...and yet you and @TheDemocrats are blocking attempts to fix this "disgraceful situation" known as Obamacare.

Smooth move.
Bernie give it a rest
So can we just admit that none of you politicians know what your doing when it comes to healthcare. If it's government run it probably sucks
Show me when this occurred before Obamacare. It happens in countries with socialized medicine frequently. Dolt!
The "disgraceful situation" is the ACA, and you voted for it.
Shame on the republicans

Obamacare IS a disgrace. But I doubt that's what you're crazy self is talking about.
#BankFraudBernie and his buddies built that.

I love how Bernie's tweet is getting universally smacked down and mocked in the mentions. Speaking truth to power!
LOL.  Didn't you vote in favor of this disgraceful situation?

While I have you, ask Charlie Gard what he thinks of single payer
You progressives drove healthcare into a ditch. You don't get to drive. You can sit in the back seat and drink a Slurpie
Bingo! O'Care = disgraceful. Questions? @HomeOfUncleSam @APLMom @Robeno @toddmr @SereDoc @RonD1954 @RebelRoadTac @ScotsFyre @theloftusparty
And yet you dems are the ones who created this disgraceful situation
Tragic! This is America. 
Stop making things difficult for small business then. Too high a minimum wage for low education jobs = less job opportunities. #CommonSense
The biggest disgrace is Obamacare's failure. Even your Icon Bill Clinton called it the craziest thing he's ever seen.
YOU built this "disgraceful situation". Don't try to push the @DNC mistake onto @GOP. Freakin' prevaricating sheeple hurder.
So the ACA is neither affordable or healthcare is not available at other medical facilities for these people!
If Obamacare wasn't such a complete and total failure, these folks wouldn't be flocking to free clinics, understand?
the world is now less for poor choice of words. no more Republicans or democrats or communists
Surprisingly enough socialism is always a failure and leads to tyranny.  Even CNN admits it now.  Leave me alone, I'll buy what I want.
And you fined them for not signing up for insurance #Shame #Obamacare
Thank you for admitting the ACA (Obamacare) is disgraceful.
It's a dental clinic, stupid!
YOU created this disgraceful situation
But I thought obamacare was awesome
Yeah we agree, ACA made things worse than they had been. Glad you finally figured that out.
Isnt ocare still law? Why do these folks need free clinics, didnt ocare fix healthcare?
Have you given a statement to the FBI in relation to your influence peddling in order to help your wife commit fraud?
Republicans want to make a bad situation worse? Shocking 
Thanks for finally noticing Obamacare is a mess
You violate your oath of office every time you push for gov in healthcare. You should be impeached.
Bet everyone in that car voted 4 DT & still support him. If not I have total compassion 4 them. If yes they're taking me down with them!
The democrats froze out the republicans on this, they built it and they voted it in with no public input, its a piece of crap, then and now
'This disgraceful situation'  is Obamacare
But we are currently living under Obamacare. Why is this happening?!
Cause unlike many Americans, his job provides him with healthcare. For the rest of us, we have an option.
My $6500 deductible disagrees with him.
So you're basically admitting the ACA sucks. Glad you agree with the rest of America
Tom Perez is talking about Democrats "talking". Democrats are weak and confused. Stop talking Tom.
Umm yeah Bern... about that... nothing has changed yet. We're still under your glorious Obamacare, remember?
So .... you're finally admitting that #Obamacare #Obamac is disgraceful?

Welcome to the fight!
This is why you and your Congress pals found a way NOT to be covered by Obamacare, isn't that right Bernie?
You know Obamacare has not been repealed, right? This is the failed policy Republicans have been warning about.
It's what it always looks like when it's free. Offer free food (foodstamps) and watch ppl get fat.
You voted for this "disgraceful situation"
Obamacare is still the law of the land, you senile old commie.
Glad you acknowledge Obamacare is in a disgraceful situation.
Hey, Bernie...how did single payer work in Vermont?
By disgraceful situation you mean Obamacare, right. A bill you voted for.
@kathanger @washingtonpost ObamaCare is still in effect. Might want to rethink this article.
@kathanger @washingtonpost because insurance under #Obamacare is unaffordable. #Truth
I don't have 3 homes and 16 bedrooms but know someone who does.  wonder what he'll do to fix his discomfort?
You're talking about a situation you created and voted for.
thanks obamacare
This article illustrates the failure of Obamacare.  If it's so awesome, why is this happening years after implementation?
#failforward
Since the Republicans haven't implemented a plan yet, this "disgraceful situation" would be the cause of Obamacare, genius
Socialized medicine works!  

@pambesteder
Perhaps if someone told them that if you want something you WORK FOR IT - then they wouldn't always be looking for the FREE RIDE.
Aren't you talking about Obamacare
Healthcare used to be cheap, regulations like Obamacare made it unaffordable. Mine has tripled. More regulations & taxes = poorer country. 
BERNIE.....BERNIE.....BERNIE.....IT'S TOO BAD AND TOO SAD THAT U WERE NOT THE CANDIDATE FACING TRUMP IN THIS PAST ELECTION....PRES BERNIE!
I appreciate that you admit the present HC situation, which you voted FOR, is a disaster.
