Trump's tax plan will provide virtually no benefit to truck drivers and result in a tax increase for millions of middle class Americans.
80% of the tax benefits in Trump’s plan will go to the top 1%. This gift to millionaires will result in huge cuts to Medicare and Medicaid.
Taking tax advice from Bernie is funny!! What happens to your wife and taxes???
Wake up, truck drivers, he only cares for the .001%.
you definitely would have won big in Pennsylvania had people known more about your platform and if you were not cheated in the primaries

EXACTLY, who are you to open your mouth about anything
Of course he is. Has he spoken the truth even once since elected?
He's going to tell truck drivers how his plan will benefit the top 1%. Maybe he thinks truck drivers are in the top 1%.
The president is totally unhinged. I cannot believe what we are witnessing. Especially this week
I honestly believe that the 25th amendment is going to come into play before Robert Mueller can complete his investigation
Sanders is on his way to his third home all the while lecturing people on how socialism is better. His proposal:  % tax > 20 grand salary.
Know when a Polishitan is lying? Their lips are moving 
Your so whacked .. go spend your hillary money. .and retire!
Ppl have to have a low IQ to believe trump or its bc they're racist.
PolitiKing said 30%+ of his followers are FAKE!
 Bernie!
Nailed it Sly
What ever this president does will be better than anything that has been done during the Obama years.
Agreed ♡♡
I feel like I'm stuck in a bad nightmare!!!!!  Sad!!!! #ImpeachTrump #BERNIE2020
This man having the power of the presidency can only come to a very bad ending!
Wake up America! Look at his cabinet. All millionaires/billionaires. Since day 1 he has done nothing for poor/middle class. Get it?
Polling stations in arizona,not widely publishing registration deadline dates not to mention closed primaries to keep voters away as if hrc
Ohh and your FREE College, Medical & Retirement (not to mention wife's loan applications & daughters salary) is honest?
I believe he is lying and Pennsylvania people that vote for him are so stupid to vote for him. Thinking all money he has going  to help them
When is he NOT lying?
The middle class gets the shaft.
Who knows? Maybe he´s got some Papertowels for them, too...
Could you fucking complain about Puerto Rico! Keep on that!
I sincerely hope that you aren't saying that the government should be run like a business. That would be one of the lowest things I've heard
You are 
The best thing is that the truck drivers are beginning to know that Trump is a lying mutha. Besides being a cheat & crook willing to steal.
The best thing is that the truck drivers are beginning to know that  Trump is a lying mutha. Besides being a cheat & crook willing to steal.
He's smart not crazy like Killary!
Who also never had a real job
Get up and put your hands together!
You're wrong
Every one of your policies that you have proposed is a lie - Hillary.
Coming from the guy that took a property “payoff” not to complain while being screwed by his own party 
Isn’t the gag order up yet?
He's only lying if your a socialist trying to sway your base into following your agenda
Or maybe... like a sociaopathic fascist trying to feed your base the alternate facts they’re hungry for?
Isn't Trump Fake News! Is that what he is trying to silence.
Oh Comrade Bernie...you think you can tax your way to prosperity, further burdening those businesses who provide those trucking job.
The Trump tax plan will screw them and screw them good.

Yule log Trump.
Looks like Owen Wilson meets Wilma from flinstones
The president lies 70% of the time. Any time he talks, a mouth full of steaming shit comes out & it's stinking up this country. #Resist
Let's see, Trump believes in free enterprise, liberty, and freedom, you believe in socialism and government control. Hmmm who do I trust?
Bernie, begin to DARE FOR AMERICA.

Get your media friends, stand before the White House w/a sign YOU LIE MR PRESIDENT & say why when asked.
#Resistance #TrumpRussia #DACA #WomensRights #RussiaGate #ImpeachTrump #Democrats #Republicans #DumpTrump #resist #PuertoRico #MoronTrump
I wonder if you have ever actually been introduced to THE TRUTH? I highly doubt you have any idea what truth is. Pathetic, hypocrites!
Pants on 
I mean, my 401K is kicking ass since Trump took office, so there's that. #StockMarket #GimmeDatMoney
You need to retire your wrong we want Trump. We want a wall, immigration,  tax cuts and no bad obomacare.
Spoken with the elegance and education we have come to expect from Trump supporters.
It makes it easier to say what you think when you realize many of these people are actually just Russian trolls.
He lies a lot. To make up for being a "moron"
California burns
People die in PR
But Trump does a circus
And loots the public with a tax policy
Enough Is Enough, Capital Hill Needs To End This.
You finally cool with impeachment now or nah?
For what? Open a civics book for once!
You should offer up the same advice for your dear leader.
What does that have to do with demanding the president be impeached?
Bernie that is a lie. Why can’t u just be honest. This is why the country is so divided. Your dishonesty is disgusting. Dam.
Ok explain who benefits from repealing estate tax, AMT, cutting top bracket (despite saying he would raise it on the campaign)
Lol nah they are just leaving me less than 5.49 million dollars so the estate tax doesn't apply.

Did you know that?
Top 1%ers are employers sure. And their tax cut savings go in their investment portfolios. Hardly any makes it down to workers
A big reason why trump was elected was exactly this. He spoke about how the economy is rigged against workers
And now that he is in office, he's doing exactly what the republican establishment does. Serve up more advantages for wealthy people
Large inheritances allow people to be born and grow up rich without ever having to work a day in their life.
U’ve never owned UR own business & never passed any legislation all those yrs U lived off taxpayers! U sound ridiculous! Go home & go 2 bed!
Didn’t Trump wave his salary this year for being president?  stop with the identity politics.
Lol ridiculous, you act like this is new.
But at least he has a reasonable plan.  You’re the worst.  Promising crap that will cost and saying it will be free
You’re delusional.  Bernie supporters should move to Cuba and Venezuela. See how they like nationalize everything
Ok. I’ll have to explain slowly I see. Move to Canada does not mean I live there.

& everything will be free Just don't know whose gonna pay for it is all 
Don't know how to pay? Come on. This was a 10 second Google search.
Anyone can dream up a plan even to bankrupt a college like Bank Fraud Bernie did
Really Bernie?/are you so desperate cuz your socialist BS is not selling well!/GO HOME!
BERNIE IT'S BEEN AWHILE HOW IS YOUR WIFE'S FRAUD CASE COMING ALONG!!
Your lying Bernie bullshit England, swift , j b hunt , national , etc !
The worst part of this is that people are becoming accostume to his lies.  please #ImpeachTrump
You helped get him elected.
Hey Bernie, don’t you have some bank fraud lawyer to talk to?

There should be a uni doctorate awarded for such mastery 
He is the biggest liar I have ever heard of.
Bernie you’re the liar and coward. Still with the DNC after the rigged it against you!?
Bernie is the liar! You need to move to Venezuela cuz u can get free shit!
Your tax plan is much better Bernie: If you earn an income you MUST give it all away to people who don’t. 
SUPER PLAN you fucking dope
When are you going to address how the DNC rigged their primaries and defrauded your supporters out of millions of dollars? #Lassie
Trump = 
You must not understand math, Bernie! Or trickle down economics!
What gets me is they may believe him because he "speaks their language"... The language of ignorance!
@realDonaldTrump Pathological liar. If people are still believing him we have a mental health epidemic that the world is watching @FoxNews
Socialism must be working because apparently free pot is being passed out.
How long do we have to deal with this moron?  Sick of his administration taking advantage of taxpayers money.
Love you Bernie, but it's time to impeach Trump. The world can't wait. Not another day. #ImpeachTrump
The tragedy of Trump foreshadowed by Thomas Paine.
Had everyone voted for you we wouldn’t be in this situation!!  I hate orange  top
Fix the color on your tv cause mine isn't orange!
Umm what you talking about
This coming from a socialist tyrant. Why would anyone that's smarter than the average bear, pay any attention to his remarks.
Where did Bernie get his financial expertise?  His wife's fraudulent failed college?
Bernie!  You're quite the Dope!!
The failed Donald Trump lies chronically.
It benefits their CEO's
Oh Bernie. Are you part of the double-secret Senate prescription delivery service, for Alzheimer’s medication?
Asking for a friend.


Bold statement bird dog, why don't you tell them how more taxes would be better...
Why is Congress allowing him to continue lying and embarrassing this Nation.
As usual, if his lips are moving......
Damn. I should've been a truck driver. Who would've guessed THEY were 1%ers?
So we're now adding truck drivers to coal miners.  Can Trump possibly BE more transparent? Now he represents Harrisburg not Paris. @@
Bernie, election is over. Hillary and you lost. It's about time you get over it. It's getting pathetic
Yea Bernie focus on not dying
I'm gonna believe Trump over a socialist
Liddle' Tale Telling Trump
I blame YOU for the hot mess that’s in the Oval Office.
How about blaming the person who actually ran against Trump. I know, radical idea, right?
Why would I blame her? How about the bullshit that Bernie spewed during the primary.
You would blame her because it was her job to win, she didn't. She failed. Bernie told the truth. Whether you liked it or not.
No he didn’t
What did he lie about, then?
You claimed he told the truth. What truths did he tell?
You claimed he lied first. The odious is on you to explain what he lied about. I'll look up if he really did lie about what you claim.
what is it Bernie, do you need another house?  Or maybe some money to pay for your wife's defense?
You're terrible.  Tell your followers the details.
He talked about making lots of smooth roads w/o potholes. Great idea! Lets start doing that in Puerto Rico! #MAGA
Socialists never lie about taxes, huh? Noooooosireeeee
Bernie and his lying wife - foundations of truth and honesty?  Ask all those that lost their careers because of them.
of course he is #fraud
You then only honest man in Washington
Willing to pay more for those who work their asses off. No, to those I pass, sitting out on the porch everyday waiting for their next check
Again...
We love you Bernie
Thank you Mr old ass #fakenews
@realDonaldTrump is making it happen ! Your a sore loser but then so was Hilary losing to Trump after cheating to beat you and failing
The so-called president Bernie you've got that right
Obama said it white man's greed explains Bernie Sanders puzzling why he isn't standing by his wife in bank fraud case promoting a book Maybe
Your sheep  believe your BS. The rest of intelligent America know better. Keep up the stupidity and assure 4 more years of Trump.
Are you still alive? You've got to be like 189 years old now

The "crushing death tax" that wouldn't effect a single one of them if the entire audience combined their incomes!!
#LyingPotus
He always lies
Someone really needs to explain to grumpy trumpy that soon trucks are going to self driveing & progress happens.
Kinda like your lies during campaign. Speaking of lies how is your fraudulent wife doing?
The truth stares you in the face with #Potus.  But like an abusive relationship - you want to believe what he's saying..  :-(
I believe people that back up their words w/ reason. What is your reasoning #BreadLineBernie ? All you do is bitch and sprd fear
Bernie I sent my tax returns to your office, I am middle class will cost me 7700.00 more.  It is a raping of the middle class
Crazy Bernie is at it again 
Hey, lying is the one thing that he does really well. That, and bankrupting companies.
He needs a good old teamster ass whuppin
#TrumpIsAMoron
If he's opening his mouth he's lying
Love you Bernie.  My kids are Vermonters and now I am too
It must be a way to impeach this mess aka #45. It has to be. Even the Republicans have to see the error of their ways.
We r happy with our choice.  It's y'all Killary people that should see the error of your ways.  Bernie should have been first choice not her
As he does constantly.  Don’t know why anyone would believe him, ever.
Trumps tax plan is the same JFK had you old, communist fool!
My stock portfolio aint lieing comrade Bernie
Unfortunately, those truck drivers believe him! 
you top that
Lol tell them Bernie
Bruh u backed hillary clinton.... I fucked with u so heavily Bernie... I still follow but I have a hard time believing you aren’t them.
Seriously? Tell me one legislative policy Bernie flipped on since supporting Hillary?
lol. well, you don't have to be so polite about it. He is a disgrace to humankind.
Dems need to answer/crush (on TV, 'Net) #tRump's lies immediately after every "speech" in their states. Get angry. Get loud. Today.
potus45 lying!?! Seems it is a rare moment when he speaks the truth! #ChaosInChief
In his defense, he is the single greatest Liar in History! #25thAmendmentNow
You made the claim, now explain to us how he is lying
What about you
I guess there are only truck drivers in Pennsylvania. And you left out the word white. Which surprises me.
Well Donald lies and who cares if Donald has bone spurs on his butt!  Richard Alvarez
He's got the only plan that will work. Stop lying Bernie. Go retire. You're useless
It's chiding that we have to continually take this miscreant (Trump)  seriously for our own safety & well-being  Gotta be a better way.
Uh don’t know...ask Congress why they can’t do anything but talk about Russia find nothing then tell us they found nothing but still looking
You've done a fair amount of that yourself. Remember Hillary?
Wormy I mean Bernie you had your chance. Learn to be constructive not destructive...
Bernie go find a new bank to fraud and shut up
Lying, and he isn’t even good at it.
You would have won had you not been betrayed.

Its either you or Trump in 2020.
Well that's no different than you democrats that have lied for the last 8 years. If you say he is lying. Y'all proved y'all lied.
Any words out of that man's mouth are all lies! Unfortunately, there are a lot of uneducated people who believe him especially truck drivers
What are u doing for us working people besides give free stuff to the takers ?
All you do is lie, you have no clue. u want higher taxes so u can spend freely by wasting money. wake up or r u too old to think straight

.@POTUS on why @TheDemocrats lost the presidential election: "It wasn't Russia. It was a bad candidate." #Hannity 
Sanders LIES!
I agreement with you 100 percent,  but allso please think about.    Impeachment. For trump
Yea #BankFraudBernie you would know about having a real job.....no wait ur just a lifelong politician so you WOULDN'T know
Trucking companies don't want your Socialism,  Bernie. Just a FYI.
Not as big a lie as "socialism works."
It was those truck drivers in PA that put him here, let them reap their reward.
No he’s not Hack.
Trump is a chronic lier on everything he said during the campaign. He has accomplished nothing. GOP CAN'T STAND HIM. IMPEACH, ARTICLE 25.
@Bernie2016tv
What a politician lied?!?!?!? #fakenews
Hell yeah Trump is lying just like you do man! Y'all should golf together or hangout at one of your houses >_>
No. You are!!! Damn socialist
Really Bank Fraud Bernie- lying is you telling everyone that everything is FREE someone has to pay for it
Get a job Bernie.  Please, pick a topic and stick with it.  Your all over the place.  Check your meds please.
I actually work in transportation! These guys need someone standing up for them!
Lying=democrats (Hillary)
His loyal minions are drinking the koolaide!!!
That's a big surprise... such a putz.
Is there anything that #trump says that is believable? #Resist #DemandBetter https://geo.itunes.apple.com/app/trumpism/id1203451472?mt=8&app=messages&at=1010luvy&ct=Trumpism-Twt …
Bernie. You are a Stupid Old Fool.The only lier I know is you and your wife. Don't you 2 idiots have another University in Vermont to rob
Old man Bernie you suck
Bernie, take your Medes and go to bed. You're babbling again.

If Pennsylvania truck drivers believe Trump then Pennsylvania truck drivers deserve what they get.
No @SenSanders you're lying The TPlan is 0, 15, 25, 35% read it Bernie it will do you good to tell the truth for a change, stop being scared
Unfortunately, once again fools will believe him.
My husband is a truck driver and he’d be thrilled if someone would drive/ship 45 to another continent !
As usual, Bernie_is lying. He most likely doesn't even understand the tax issues.
Hes not my President

You should be your still working for us.
All politicians lie...
That ok Bernie much rather it go there than to people that won't work. Socialism sucks that's why you didn't win
No he's not but dems are
Like you were lying when you convinced us you were running AGAINST Clinton?
Get back w/ U on that.
Trump is leading the country to WW3, how long til nuclear misses are flying towards America to destroy a rogue Presidental regime?
President Trump is NOT lying. Unfortunately, Democrats are constantly lying.
I'm tired of trying to convince the ppl that need it the most that it's wrong for them. It works for me...
I drive a van in Pennsylvania. No CB yet. Am I invited to this function?
He does that.
As a Canadian looking South to my friends, it saddens me deeply that they seem to care 100% for party line and 0% for each other :((((
You did not “win”. You and the rest of us all lost bigly.
