Proud to announce my support for single-payer #MedicareForAll led by @SenSanders. Let's make healthcare a right, not a luxury.
No one loves a financial scam more than Communist, Bernie Sanders.
Bernie is a socialist. That's different from communism. You know that right? Medicare for all will use private healthcare
Bernie is a Communist, and Communism is borne of Socialism.
Get an education.
Spinctor boy says what?
You can't even spell.
Grade school is open in all 50 states.
I suggest you enroll.

I see you like that 'Jesus' one.
Here's an original for you ... in the next block.
Will it pass no but one step forward
who gets enslaved besides doctors and nurses to make access to their services a RIGHT rather than a service for which they should be paid?
They still get paid! Why do people keep making this stupid statement?!
all these lovely "Free" "Rights" that are neither but we taxpayers will be forced to fund
You are already paying taxes. Maybe the president could stay home a few weekends. Or shift from the bloated military budget.
I have no problem with the president visiting HIS HOMES. but, MY taxes are quite high enough and I LIKE my doctor and my plan. NOT medicaid
Really? You're ok with million dollar golf trips but god forbid your tax dollars help others...
And why would you lose your doctor? Also, your "plan" would cover everything, not just what you can afford.
For ex. I had 2 children. No hospital bills. My aunt had breast cancer. No hospital bills. My sister in law seems to have a rare condition
Why are YOUR health care RIGHTS different from those YOU mandate for US? Good night Mr Sandman 
Will you get to keep your doctor under single payer? What is the cost?
@BernieSanders will cost remaining Democrats their seats with #SinglePayer.
Don't follow down the rabbit hole.
He is . He may know this
Can we see a copy of the bill ? Thank you 
That takes some real guts. Proud of my CT Senator!

Enough with parasitic insurance companies!
Yea replace them with unaccountable parasitic government burecrats in Washington DC!  Liberalism has reached peak stupid!
Peak stupid is trusting a corporation to determine your end of life care, & hoping they pick up the tab.

Gubmint = Bogeyman is old hat.
If you want government healthcare do it at the state level where they are at least somewhat accountable.  Federal would be a disaster
Baloney. That's just another bullet point you've been conditioned to believe. Shake the #brainwashing.
Work together please
When able to work I pd into social security n Medicare. Now that I'm on SSA I'm xpected to pay Medicare premiums again.. Double taxation
Is there any viable way this will actually get passed? If this is just posturing by Dems, well I hope it isn't..
Nobody expects this to get passed in this Congress. I do expect to use this to elect a House that will pass it, then a Senate and a pres.
I just wonder if this is one of those things where Dems will not back it when they actually have power to pass it.
Blumenthal comes from a State with a lot of Insurance business. Consequences of his posturing would be silly.
. It's not going to happen....cause u won't pay U'r share.
How are we paying for it? You're all a bunch of clowns.
Now it comes....hidden no more.
The Bern's on fire!!!
,fund your universal healthcare increasing 0.5 percent of GST.minimizes resistance from the rich.Australia takes 0.5 tax income
Good health is freedom. Freedom to earn a living. Freedom to plan for the future. Freedom to care for a family. @thatgingerish
I want every one of you commies to come forward and explain to the middle class that their taxes are going to have to double for the right
To FREE healthcare.
Was Skeletor Bloomersthawed a medic when he served in Vietnam?
Blumenthal is no one to be proud of. He is a liar
what does the government do correctly?VA perfect example of single payer
Medicare taxes are forcibly taken out of every employee's paycheck. That is some great 'right' you are advocating - one that must be bought.
Trump finally did something good. Like rats leaving a sinking ship Dems finally supporting what the majority of Americans support; Med 4 All
It is a right, you have the right to buy it just like anyone else, oh wait I keep forgetting yours is free, so you should pay for others 
In the health care system patients are unhappy, doctors overworked, only health conglomerates are profiting and happy.
@SenBlumenthal learned to love single-payer during his days fighting in 'Nam
Health care is a service. You can't have a right to someone else's service that's called slavery
Both u guys go to Mexico & try their socialistic medical services for 1 year then comeback and provide a reccomrndation Bevis & Butthead
Bernie, there's gotta be a rest home looking for your awol anus
Is he already back from Vietnam?
@SharylAttkisson I keep asking but Bernie won't answer. If healthcare is a right, why do we have to pay for it?
Family wealth is what makes generation of family live well. Bernie WILL SLOWLY PICK YOUR POCKETS. So everyone will have the same. WATCH OUT
I might agree that emergency care is a right, but why prescription pills? Pharma killing USA. Where does it (rights) stop?
Pls don't refer to it as Single Payer. Call it Medicare For All. Single payer sounds like your Hooking up.
Yes, I feel so lucky to be a CT resident with @SenBlumenthal and @ChrisMurphyCT.  Thanks for all that you do!
Need some Republicans too
Are you multi-millionaires going to pay for people under 65 years old to have free health insurance
U ol commie bernie
Is it really still a fight in  for RIGHT or >80% of people do agree it should be THE RIGHT but the issue is AFFORDABILITY & PRIORITISING?
A socialist and a man guilty of stolen valor walk into a bar. Who buys the drinks?  We do, the taxpayers!
Why not! This jackass along with his buddy Gov Malloy have destroyed CT - why not the country also! What a team Bernie & Blumenthal
Here your sign
The last time the Democrats had ideas about healthcare we got Obamacare and the VA. Get a real job then talk to us about healthcare.
Sounds O.K. "FREE" for all. Have you done the HARD work which is finding a way to pay for it? If so, I'm listening!
More like line your pockets with cash from the Insurance lobby and big Pharma right Senators
I am also cosponsoring senator sanders's bill
Healthcare is not a right or entitlement. It's a personal responsibility.
#AbolishHealthInsurance AND #EstablishMunicipalMedicalDepartments providing medical care, free to the public. No claims. No formularies.
@PattyMurray 
O Shit here we go again. Tax payer pool your pants down and bend over. It's coming up your buts again
That's why the USA people have to pay taxesTax on tax on tax on top of tax and tax again.FOLLOW the dollar that is the only thing you know
Why should healthcare be a right?
What about the right to speak up about being the head of the Communist Party USA in 1987
Turds of a feather
Ha! Will you both be writing checks to cover the cost?
I can't afford this oboma care crap! What makes you think I want any healthcare from the gov?
The BERN is spreading throughout the country!
You an Sanders are crazy it is not the Federal Gov. responsible to ensure health care. look what Obama care has done.
Of course it is all posturing. Medicare for all would cripple the economy by putting the insurance business out of business.
To make it a right you must change the constitution
Any idea they have will not make Healthcare great!
I want to send you gifts  from Japan , can you share your complete courier address with me dear Sir
Others pay Vt, Ct residence insurance they get reelected, both on the public dole. Left Ct GE others leaving CT fast as They can Ct bnkrupt
Two fiduciary irresponsible political hacks Blumenthal 's state companies exiting  tax base lost, try to get others to pay Ct uninsured
Will you be a part of the government program Bernie?
Why not?  We already have a network in Place, software infrastructure , data base. Long over due.
America now is TOO POOR to guarantee such “right”, UNLESS you and your colleagues are ready for wealth EXPROPRIATION.  Ready?  Then say it!
Would love single payer so are we all going to move to Europe or Canada to get it in our lifetime. Evidence and data doesn't work with Rs
If healthcare is a "right" it means everyone has a claim against every doc's labor, and docs are just functions of the State. Insane.
Health care is a privilege to real American taxpayers who earn it and pay there bills the American way! Not the Canadian socialist way!
"Intellectuals give people who have the handicap of poverty the further handicap of a sense of victimhood." - Thomas Sowell
Does he want to be forgiven for his lies about being in Viet Nam? Really credible parasite like you and Jane  bank fraud Bernie.
20 trillion dollar deficit who will pay for this unless we become a socialist nation like Bernie wants.and he gets Idiot senator to agree
Rights aren't granted. Go home to Cuba please
No!!! Because then you expect others to pay for those who refuse to work. Not right!!!!!
Until you Mr. Sanders get rid of insurance lobbies,pharmaceutical lobbies nothing changes! Also U the government need be on the same as us
believe it when I see it!  insurance comp.,pharmaceuticals are way too big 4 their britches like the banks nothing changes for the better
You can shove your Socialism where the Sun doesn't shine!
Dumba$$es, Rights are not given by Man.
A "RIGHT" exists in the absence of government. A RIGHT that must be forced upon people is not a Right. Remember: LIFE, LIBERTY, HAPPINESS !!
Right, and the Bill of Rights is just full of suggestions not involving any government .
Socialism is an inhuman ideology. And it will continue to be rejected by the American people. It is the ideology of losers and despots.
Give up your 75, percent obam a care subsidy you hypocrite
Someone should ask all these Dems. who is going to pay for this since medicare is going broke taking care of seniors.
If u are in a foxhole with Blumenthal with  the enemy surrounding u&have only 2 bullets left.Shoot B twice better safe than sorry! Vietnam!
You are worse at English than those illegals that you're afraid of.
No. It's not a right. No, we don't want government in our healthcare
So you really think the gov can pay medical providers more efficiently than insurance. Say GOOD Bye to providers.
One nore step towards total conteol of citizens, unsustainable debt, and hell.
Cool. Hollywood, Amazon, and Apple can pay for it.
One liar and one who reportedly didn't earn a paycheck till 40. . .
Next, income rights, car rights, full head of hair rights, at least 6' tall rights, lake house rights,
...Libs' intention all along...!!
It's almost like the ACA was designed to fail and get citizens comfortable with the idea of government controlled healthcare...
Govt take over of Healthcare is dumb. How much more of your private life do u want the fed to control. #deathpanels
Two of the Biggest Frauds ....birds of a feather!
So how are you going to get every Doc, Nurse, Hospital etc, on board with this?
All paid for by WETHEPEOPLE while Bernie doesn't even participate.  He gets his health care elsewhere.
Everyone has healthcare - just not insurance.
You don't make rights.
The Democrat National Embarrassment Competition continues! You should all be removed from office for failing your oath of office!
Proud to announce if you try to force single payer we will force you to quit!!
Read the constitution Bernie. Oh wait, you don't give a rat's tail about that
No one has a right to another person's labor.

We need healthcare
Have any of u idiots ever been to the DMV? VA hospital? Basically anything that any govt touches? And u ppl want them to run healthcare???
Thank you Dickie Blue for solidifying that it is not a right. Y'all stay out of my wallet. No way you subject yourselves to your own plan.
You can't even figure out Obamacare but now you want single player?  how about you walk before you run

Agreed...
We absolutely need Medicare for all
Then go out and buy it like a real adult!
We're with you guys! Thank you for putting Americans first! I'll do whatever I can to support this cause from my state.
Great. You can start by paying for my medical bills. You good?
OK now let's get the rest of the guys on board. All of the Democrats need to be behind us.
Senators @senorrinhatch & @SenMikeLee need to join this fight to make healthcare a right for Utahns!
It's a free country let him take care of his own healthcare you old fool every time you guys get involved in something like that it sucks
SENATOR I AM ONLY GOD'S MESSENGER I EXPLAIN EVERYTHING!
Bye Democratic Party. You just fell on your sword.
Let's hope so
SENATOR GOD WARNS ALWAYS IN 3s  WRITEN IN THE BIBLE!
SENATOR THAT IS TENS OF TRILLIONS OF WATER OUT OF ATMOSPHERE OUR DOING !WHAT HAPPENS DROUGHTS !OUR DOING !3 HURRICANES !GODS WARNING!
SENATOR THERE IS ANOTHER THESE STORMS OUR OWN CREATION THERE WERE3 LARGE HURRICANES !THEY ALL SPEWED TENS OF TRILLIONS OF GALLONS A OF WATER
We can't afford it. Already trillions in debt. No single payer. Need competition.
A right for some whlie others must foot the bill! Bernie,STOP trying to turn our country into a pit of people dependent on public assistance
5 more in 24 hours! Let's keep it going! #singlepayer #FlipTheSenate

Why would no one listen to Hillary when she said this 20+ years ago?  Great, Sanders, but let's give some credit to Hill also.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BG7w3Oey3xs …

She sure seemed to strongly believe that her plan was not the Bernie Sanders plan. She literally campaigned on it. 

Never come to pass...
Love this idea. Insurance companies can compete to provide the supplemental options but at least everyone would have the basics.
putz....
Keep up the fight for universal healthcare!
You mean stealing other people's money.
And I guess everyone who's earned their way in life by hardwork will have to pay for those who don't. It's the land of opportunity.
You're gaining great support! Just stay on message, explain the facts and figures in black and white, it will sell itself! #InsureAmerica
A 20 Trillion dollar obligation to a program with a 58 Billion dollar deficit. Socialist math!
I met some Europeans in college. They were puzzled by the US healthcare system.
Thank you uncle Bernie please run again Hid bless blesd bless you you are doing God's work
long as congress gets it 2
Nope.
And Unicorns dont forget the magic unicorns
Bernie is not a democrat. Please stop acting like you are the face of the dem party. It's dividing the party. Single payer, yes. Bernie, no.
Actually , he's part of the Democratic Party leadership so yes, he is a face of the Dem party. http://www.politico.com/story/2016/11/independent-bernie-sanders-democratic-leadership-231486 … Complain to Schumer.
Bernie is not a democrat. He has spent years trashing the dem party. It's only when he wanted the resources that he's cozier up.
He trashes the Democratic Party leadership, not the members. And as a long-time Democrat, I'd agree the leadership needs trashing.
Or does everyone get it no matter what?
Bernie, should we hold some of our citizens accountable for how they treat their bodies or risks they take like having a gun in the house?
Bernie didn't care about the #DNCFraudLawsuit. He's a mainstreamer! #Stein2020
Quite a mouthful-Medicare for All. Perhaps a rebrand?Ameri-Care?  Care/US?  Nation Care? Healthcare shouldn't be the privilege of the few.
It would probably be easier with a Democrat in the WH and a few more  dem senators. Maybe you should have tried harder to help that happen.
Next up: Every American has a right to pudding cups. (Not vanilla.) @benshapiro
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
#BERNIE2020
Go Bernie!
Bernie you're going to make owning three houses a right also? We all want to follow your selfless socialist example.
I dare you to bring a bill forward that says any one in congress caught lying about anything, must resign right away.
Go to bed Gramps! U helped DT, Putin, GOP, Media & duped Comey, gang rape Hillary! Left the Democratic Party after 40 years because of U!
Berni Sanders will be the first to say there is no such thing as free healthcare. There is a path to healthcare for all just not in the USA.
You have a right. A right to get a job. Work hard. And pay for health care like any other service
Healthcare is a responsibility not a right you get what you pay for & socialism/communism is an evil that I thought we vanquished 70+yrs ago
You might want to read this. Communism and socialism are not the same thing.
I realize that I group them together because of how similar they are and the fact that they both kill peoples ability to care for themselves
Then who exactly is going to pay for it??? Everything has a price!!! NOTHING IS FREE!!! NOTHING!
Look at your pay stub, you already pay for medicare.
Yes, they want everyone to have it? That cannot be good news to those on it already.
People with access to healthcare are more productive. It will benefit the country. You already pay for the uninsured through taxes.
Don't want it. Like Obamacare it will back fire and cost will be detrimental. Nothing is free, it's costing somebody! Have a good day.
All Dems need to get onboard with this RIGHT NOW
Taking the product of someone's labor and giving it away isn't a right. That's called theft you communist dinosaur.
Don't be a hypocrite,sign up for Obama care and drop your current plan and doctor
You both voted against Medicare for all.
America needs Single Payer Healthcare
Yea in the form of a consumer paying directly for their own healthcare.  Single payer
Democrats working together!! We need more of this!!!
Thank you, and please run 2020
Hey can you two switch to Medicare as part of this? Since it's so wonderful and all I think that maybe congress should be the test run.
Your supporters are partly responsible for the mess that we are in. That and your demagoguery of @HillaryClinton during the primaries.
@SenBlumenthal tell us about t law you're trying to pass making it a FELONY crime for Americans to support boycott of israeli settlements
tell nancy pelosi to go fuck herself
Working on major Trade Deal with the potential for up to the plate and, after 7 years, this is your chance to shine!
