This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
U r doing much better than I can Bernie, I can't begin to call orangutan pig in our white house Mr.    let alone President. Not my President
DT's birther campaign was a bigger witch hunt!
Does that man not study history? He's not the first politician who's ever been investigated.
I mean god forbid twitter existed during the Nixon presidency. We'd get tweets like #NotaCrook #WhatTapes
Bill Clinton gave a speech to a Kremlin tied bank before election for 750grand and Hillary sold 20% of our uranium production investigate
Cool story. Neither of them are President. Anyhow, enjoy the last few days.
you wish
How about one committee to investigate DNC connection to Russia and conspiracy against the socialist Sanders? Wtf
@MagDMongoose @realDonaldTrump Single worst? Really? One name Mandela
Witch hunt? How about how @realDonaldTrump launched his political career? Demanding Obama's birth certificate? Big whiney, cranky baby Don!
Who told you that lie? He launched his political career with his hated of George W Bush. The birther movement lowered his credibility.
Trump probably launches EVERYTHING he does based on his hatred or envy toward someone else.Not a positive guy. Your point's well taken 
Fair point.
@pamster2009 "Bitch hunt" maybe with Trump!
It's a witch hunt when the people conducting the investigation are #deepstate divisive and politically motivated. That's the problem
 this Bernie SandersI'm in UK&despair for you&us with a brutal tory gov WTF HAPPENED TO HUMANITY? @theresa_may @realDonaldTrump STOP IT
Shut up Sanders! You didn't think HRC should be investigated? #Clown in politics!
NEWSFLASH: In a shocker, Trump, Hires Olivia Pope and is consulting Perry Mason via Seance!
What's the shocker??? Lol
Da'Man is Hanlin'his bidnes!
Someone please remove that babbling retard from WH -  setting american lives in great danger no longer getting intel from other countries.
#Trumprussia
Bigly...lol. that's funny. Donnie Drumpf! Careful he will lose his 2 minute focus. Such problems being a fascist narcissistic psychopath
The donald is a Disgraceful Human Being.  Only a Russian could elect such a Low Life Form!!!
#Hypocrite Bernie Sanders Is Not Ready To Impeach Donald Trump... Yet
“I’m not there at this point.”
Yes first we need birther proof for correct name, it's Donnie Drumpf right? Not even sure J. is for John.....maybe Jackass
Remove @POTUS and I predict a civil war. Middle America just happens to be sick of you, plus we are armed to the teeth. So BRING IT!
Impeachment recipe for disaster.
Do not see anything good come
of it.
Am a Pence fan; he'll have his turn
if he wants it
CIA,FBI, and congress have investigations going for 10 months.No there there.But 20% of our uranium,500K toBClinton,Podesta Russia stkholder
With all the media being so biased, and the left lost power, they cannot help but to push the witch Hunt agenda!! Trump Russia #Fake
You should investigate Hillary and her selling 20 percent of our uranium to Russia. Clinton Foundation a cash cow for her and Bill prosecute
No Bernie, it's a witch hunt, a false narrative made up by the Hillary camp to distract from her corruption!!! I'm so angry at all of you!!!
Can u spell I D I O T ?
Still love u Bernie,but it is weakening.Can't believe u r part of the bs Russia chorus, signing an absurd antiPalestinian ltr ..
And the entire GOP are complicit.
They are all going down.
Ship them ALL to Syberia.  Give us Our country BACK!!!
Yes!!!!
Rena go back to hollywood
With the rest of the libersl elite
No need to go back sweetie. I live there. God bless
Yes it's the right thing to do! I'm a Republican...and had enough !!
Welcome back to reality! Thanks! Have a great day
I love you but ugh do you have to call him president? He doesn't deserve it, you do, he's an embarrassment, plus it just makes me ill2read
Mostly I stick to 45, but sometimes the P word slips out
I've got a pretty good record... I've basically called him everything in the book but "president" I just can't, it makes me nauseas 

As long as the special counsel also investigates the demise of #SethRich (who was your supporter, by the way) you are right.
god. he's such a child. he gave Obama so much shit for 8 yrs, with no reason. and Obama said nothing. #trumprussia is not a "witch hunt"
You can't FIGHT establishment corruption by shielding it.  NO policies will get pass unless REAL fraud addressed
Bernie. Tax cuts and health insurance premiums is what we want.  Get on the ship or sail away
He's talking about the whole fake Russian collusion story. The Republicans falling for the BS are idiots.
Thanks Bernie.  I agree.  A special counsel for TrumpGate is the right thing to do.  @RepAndyBiggsAZ
It's the only thing that might shut idiots up for 5 minutes so the grownups can work. When you have nothing to hide, it's worth it.
I'm on my broom!
focus on the future than the Past Mr Sanders'.
We Must Keep Working And Fighting For Justice !!!  "Making Justice Work For All Citizens"   http://www.fsfac.org 
Awesome!!
I absolutely agree nothing but a witch hunt sickening
Yes, I agree with Bernie Sanders.
We're not hunting witches, we're hunting for the treasonous traitor that stole an election, demanded loyalty & lied to cover-up his sedition
THANK YOU BERNIE SANDERS!
Hey, Bernie... Hypocrite much, u old tool! #clintonsrangels @realDonaldTrump
Wholeheartedly agree with senator Sanders
Then why not do for hilllary
Isn't that what Nixon said?
bsb, no evidence regarding President Trump and Russia re the election.  You will be dining on "crow" within the near future.
@realDonaldTrump no, it's a witch hunt bc there's no evidence . It's a Democratic Strategy to destroy POTUS. PPL aren't stupid

Witch hunt bcuz there is ZERO evidence of collusion. NO Dimms or Obama apptd deep state has one pc. of evidence. Witch hunt.
The right thing for YOU to do is go get your blood pressure checked, red face.  Do it before there is a 6 month waiting period.
President Snowflake needs a hug
you quit and gave us trump. Trump is YOUR fault. You don't get to critisize.
Never fear if nothing to hide.
Today, US politicians are raving.
Second greatest witch hunt! Salem was greatest.
Bravo!
When was it unlawful to be a witch? This is silly, Trump's more like a contagious virus. He's making me sick for sure.
And you are the greatest joke in American history!
Shut up Bernie, you helped to make him President.
Where is that special councel to investigate the Hillary crimes? Let's get it done roght this tome. All gloves are off!
He is not against it. He feels it is unnecessary.
A witch hunt when politicians on opposing team force it vice a proven crime and then a specicial councel appointment. It is all BS!
The only election rigging/hacking last year was the rigging of primaries against #FeelTheBern voters! Wasn't the Russians, it was the @DNC!
It is a witch hunt when any hack reporter with an unnamed source can cause it without a shred of proof.
#DeepState politicians are not colleagues Bernie. They are enemies of the civilians, police, military & veterans that support POTUS Trump.
This is the first time in his life that he has be scolded. Pappy should have taken a paddle to him as a boy to teach him humility.

You are correct Mr. President! When Satanic actions occur, several witches are involved!, but they have no power over Christians!
Witch hunt will be the end of the Democratic Party, blessing.
Ahh he does protest loudly I wonder what he is hiding
@realDonaldTrump Mr Sanders Will you then support a full investigation Re: doing's of the Obama regime and the HRC Corruption?
Wait till it backfires on the left
when did you advocate for special counsel for -any- of the wrongdoings under obama??
We've been on better hunts
Trump want our government to turn in to a dictatorship. He should be put in jail until the investigation is over.
You love spending other people's money and tax dollars. You need to be stopped now

Trump's done something better than anyone else: he's done more to damage the presidency than any president in the last century, even > Nixon
A witch hunt is hounding citizens for holding different political views. What we have here with Trump is following up on bizarre espionage
that's fine,Nixon said the same thing and look how that turned out 
Joe Lieberman is special counsel at the firm who represents  Donald Trump. Part of Joe's paycheck comes directly from Trump.
Bernie on gravy train
@realDonaldTrump guys. Is War Crimes Trial for Syria town where 5 month warning on net !
It is when the scandal is to cover up the murder of Seth Rich. #Russia is the DNC version of #WagTheDog it's the complicit media. #Sick
Check @sethmoulton reponse to this. Hilarious!
I Agree with the President Trump, he knows for sure
What an insult to all witches out here.
Aren't we going after the Russians? What's Trump got to worry about?
Since when did you become apologist for the establishment? I pity your supporters who can't see this.
https://twitter.com/georgetakei/status/864997763448160256 …  Whoopsie #USA this nut is running yr country leading your armed forces Insanity must force a President out KooKoo 
Shows tinny hand fascist knows nothing of history, He should read what Lincoln had to put up with(I wonder how Donny would have handled it).
@realDonaldTrump you created your own monster, your selfishness, if you even know what that is. You embarrassed yourself to the CG GRADS!
Sorry Donald, it's not a witch hunt.
Actually the birther scandal was #obamabirther
Right on the money Mr Benie more like a truth hunt Mr . Trump
BERNARD.. YOU WERE VIOLATED BY HILLARY.. YOU LIVE IN VERMONT.. DO YOU KNOW WHAT A WITCH HUNT IS. NO ON BOTH ACCOUNTS.
if you're innocent, rejoice and open the books, not tweet witch hunt 9 times in two days.
trump is #2. Nixon was number ONe
The Republican colleagues u speak of are rinos. Really dems but call themselves republicans just to get elected
Bernie how much is this witch hunt going to cost the taxpayers? Why did you only pay 13.5 on income tax when I paid 25? Double standards.
I think we should remind SCROTUS what a real witch hunt include. Dunking chairs, torture, pyres...
Why haven't you called for a special counsel to investigate Hillary or Obama ? I think it would be good after all the things they have done!
He's so guilty it's not even funny. First 100 days and he's under criminal investigation. This is a disgrace to American democracy/politics.
Umm, no. Trump is NOT under investigation. Get your facts straight, please.
He didn't say appointing a special counsel is a witch hunt. Stop your false conflation (aka fake news), Bernie.
Scared? You should be!!
And why isn't Flynn cooperating, Mr. trump?
When special counsel comes back and reports there was never any collusion, will the left stop the attack ?
It is 'witch hunt' to degree Dems re hysterically hypocritical in not investigating HRC Saudi favors given for donations to Clinton Found.
Thank you Senator Sanders for your vigilance.
@realDonaldTrump donald grow up you ran for president. alot of people don't like you
Roger Ailes, Founder of FNC: “Negative people make positive people sick!” Bernie you make America sick!
It is dishonest to not acknowledge it as a witch hunt as long as there is no criminal charges against any republican. Democrats="NO" PARTY!
666th reply
Spoiler alert...Trump WINS
It's a witch hunt from the whiners.
But....you are a business man...not a politician..right? Trump ,You are an embarrassment to your country.
@JacindaBarrett @realDonaldTrump No we don't "all" think it's a witch hunt When you're impeached, prison orange will suit you.
He doesn't understand democracy.  This is what happens when someone's hired with zero prior experience for a job.
Like Obama?
A necessary investigation yet unrelenting corruption-driven demonization of Russia makes it a witch-hunt. EVIDENCE based verdict essential!
It's not a witch hunt anymore it's a charge
Mr. Trump won the election by demonizing Hillary Clinton. Not so great to have the same thing done to him. I'm loving it!
Bernie Sanders take your Socialism to Venezuela. It worked great there. Did you get any new houses. How many do you need. Share the wealth
Bern, Americans voted for all in DC to get to work & bring sanity to Gov't; time wasted by all in putting American citizens FIRST
I hope all the Democrats just back off and let our President Trump make America Great Again.  Oh yes we all still want the WALL.
Those GOP legislators broke their loyalty oath to Trump. He may try to fire them next

I wonder what Richard Nixon would say to Donald? Anybody got an idea?
I am sorry Bernie but you are just not doing man like a forgot about you 136 years ago
Ah stop whinging.
Boohoo!
POTUS now thinks he can predict the future. But please do not lose sight of Flynn investigation. Trump team told before he was appointed.
Thank you Marie; God bless, Andy 
By the way andie, Marie is my last name. Just call me K (yep, that is also my real first name:)
Ok K; will do 
@POTUS can't take the heat Bernie. Your blocked, I'm blocked. Bubble baby man. No on Liberman for FBI director. Trump loyalist unqualified.
They're coming for your Russia-loving ass too, Comrade. :)
I agree, lets appoint a special counsel to investigate Hillary Clintons illegal email scandal.
Clapper said no evidence of collusion. Comey said no obstruction. Dems say impeachment. @realDonaldTrump says witch hunt. I say you decide.
Yes @SenSanders keep fighting up there!
Independent commission!  Too much at stake!
Trump, you're fired!
Shouldn't they have done that for Hillary?
He doesn't understand who the witches are! Ugh  he's in another world
And he's not a politician, he's only pretending to be.
On Bernies tweets only the comments bashing Trump show up! IMO CTR is now working with Bernie! They think people are followers -NO!
I thought you won because you're not a politician?!
Exactly!
You all know we're going to be left with Ryan or Hatch. God help us all.
And you're the witch!
Most of his supporters are just angry President Obama didn't give them anything to investigate or charge him with. @POTUS44 was legit!
Maybe American voices united for justice carry more weight against a president than one simply seeking to discredit a president & decent man
Bernie chaired the veterans affairs committee and was receiving awards while thousands of veterans were dying on wait lists.
.
Sure, killer.
Piss off dems, tell them truth.
Yes!
Innocent ppl would say, "investigate me, you'll find nothing. Then we move forward." This isn't happening w/DJT! #HENEEDSASAFEPLACE
Why would he encourage the expense of an investigation he knows has such a flimsy basis?
You're right. The expenses of an investigation will cut into his golfing funds.
Right thing 2 do only 2 shut u guys up so ppl can start working 4 the betterment of common American. Politicians & govt empl r previledged
#Trump, release 30 years of full tax returns & financial records for every business & shell corporation if you have nothing to hide. LIAR!
"conspirators"
@realDonaldTrump
Unless you're a witch.
If this is a witch hunt then let's throw him in the ocean.  Bet he swims like Johnny Weismuller.
Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security.
But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute
But it's okay for you socialist liberals to call everything a witch hunt when the calls for investigations are on your party.  #hypocrites
Can't speak common sense to this delusional person sitting in the Oval Office. @POTUS is irrational. A psych eval should be a requirement.
@realDonaldTrump So when they look at Trump then the Hilary & Obama stuff comes out how will you feel? Politicians are crooked
If @realDonaldTrump is innocent then allow the investigators the time and space to do their jobs.
Unfortunately Trumkp is dumb but the problem is he has the attitude to criticism of a spoilt brat. He just can't be wrong. All his by right
Stop playing the victim role , it is all the opposite .
Do you believe an independent investigator is still needed?
