Danielle Martin is a Policy Ninja.
No, it is NOT.
Luv her
Go Canada Go!
In Europe countries are going the opposite way because single layer is bankrupting the system
Your presentation was EXCELLENT. Clear & concise. The fear mongering around this bill will be intense but we have that clip to point to.
Now up to 17 Senators co-sponsoring this bill. There will be more. It's an imperative. And only the Dems can make this happen.
Hi
That is  true
In London a million people a week can’t see a doctor
You have the "right" to anything of mine when you have the Gov. Guns. TYRANNY.

You are an incredible leader, physician and advocate for patients around the world. Thank you for all you do!
Having  gun is a right, health care is not. Go home Bernie.
This is what I'm talking about.  A "working Congress"!!!!! Thank You!  #RightToBeHealthy
healthcare is not a right. you are not entitled to someone else's service.
What about public education? Police? Firefighters? Do you have a right to those?
The single payer system will massively decrease the quality of healthcare in the United States.
Canada has better health outcomes. Everyone lives longer & healthier lives, especially the poor, for half the cost of US healthcare.
Not exactly. Rationing has led to absurd wait times for specialist care. And the projected fiscal impact of CHA is staggering by 2030.
That doesn't make what I said less true. & I'd love to see a citation for your second line.
Im not saying the US system today is good. It really isn't. I'm saying there are better hybrid models in Europe than single payer.
Even if you have a preferred system, single payer is the only one besides a fully rolled out version of the PPACA that is practical to enact
And what happens after that. Are any of you equipped to come up with an actual detailed plan? Sanders sure isn't.
Ummm...hearings...
@clwhite58 
WITHOUT explanation to us!
Except it's not.
Congrats @docdanielle #represent!
Introduce, not table.
Thank you!
History? I thought you already had this? It was called Obamacare?
The establishment media of the US is definitely not on-board with this.
I HAVE A RIGHT TO YOUR LABOR! IGNORE THAT SLAVERY WAS ABOLISHED WELL OVER A CENTURY AGO!
Keep your hands out of my pocket
Health care is not a right it's a privilege. Why do liberals feel people deserve things that someone else will have to pay for.
I fear it won't pass, but damn it's good to see someone is finally trying to make this a reality.
duty of care is the law. Public must regulate /govern Big pharma own its own health care public health is a responsibility not a profit line
Guess Obamacare has failed.  Tax increase sounds great doesn't it. Senior Medicare costs rise by 200 percent. #brilliant
THABK YOU BERNIE
Please show me where the constitution or bill of rights lists healthcare
No matter how many people tweet about a single payer for healthcare, it doesn't change the fact that its not the best thing for the US.
No not history
 SP was voted down by 1 vote when Obama pushed for it.  Senator Lieberman was the vote that killed it.
How we got ACA
really? in all western countries healthcare is way more advanced compared to USA.
Why doesn't it ban private hospitals and private insurance so the rich and politicians don't get the best care and we get leftovers & wards?
From Europe it seems unbeliable  that nowadays  you still lay claim to  your right to healthcare. Good luck!
I have a crush on you. Keep being you.
If Government controlled cellular companies, replacing Verizon, AT&T, etc., we would have flip-phones, no data, and 15 min/month of talk
I wonder how people will react when the Gov declares obesity a national emergency and wants to send people to fat camps for conditioning...
History? We still remember obamacare and the lies they said then! History repeats its self! Even bad history
Just saw your speech, thank you for showing up and speaking!
Hahaha! !
Dog and Pony show. They know it's DOA.
What's scam for affording national health care that will result in minimums of quality in order to keep costs down? This will ruin USA
Single Payer Healthcare is a moral imperative! 24 of 25 Democratic countries ALL Agree.
Considering the billions, yes I said billions of tax dollars spent on nonsense.... We should all have health care.
Its better than spending our tax dollars on a wall or stupid golf trips.
..or an even larger military.
$20trn in debt and you think the American people are cool with this? DELUSIONAL! Beyond belief!
great job today, Dr. martin
http://independentfilmnewsandmedia.com/l-a-emergency-rooms-full-of-illegal-immigrants/ …

wrong. doctors are public servants. you can't go make a business out of a basic human right
#MedicareForAll #DeportThemAll


becoming a doctor is about helping people not to become rich


Where in the US constitution does it mention health care? We can't pay for it, and the Government is the worst managers of anything.
The US pays more than double nearly every other major country w/ single payer healthcare, for inferior results. It would cost less, not more
I saw a 32 trillion number earlier. We're 20 trillion in debt.
Considering Healthcare is 18% of the US economy & that number is two times the total economic output of the US, you might want to factcheck.
The math doesn't work. We know people in your country and Europe. No thanks.
Don't get mad at me. Get mad at whoever gave you that number.
Not mad at all. Estimated at 3 trillion a year for US. California, a bastion of libtards, turned it down, as they couldn't pay for it.
$3 trillion is less than you already pay.

Can't speak to Cali, but it seems like the only thing stopping the US is ignorance of the facts.
Healthcare should be a right not just for the privileged who are lucky enough to have an employer provide
Not on my watch you have Obama Care you need to clean up first
I knew you were Canadian by the use of the word "table" since American usage is the opposite, as in abandoned or left for another time.
Fight the #Tyrant statist!
Cuba has healthcare for all too. Wonderful.
It won't pass.  Both major parties are now owned by the corporations.

But nice theater!
What they mean is that some people have a right to force other people to pay for their healthcare! More free stuff!
Getting a job should be a right health care is a option
Why do u guys repeat CNN talking points verbatim when making arguments? There's a reason conservatives dont want this.Not because we're evil
a decent min wage not poverty wage slave wage is more of a right
As an active duty military spouse whose government now runs my health care I can say you need to get out of my health care. It's deplorable
If healthcare is a right, it only means the government can't take it away.
But every individual can refuse to treat another.
In what US document can we find this right? The #constitution ? #billofrights ? Point me in the right direction.

Not a very flattering Dress there... Looks like something my wife would wear 
That's like saying your the first to get a bob haircut
I'm letting my Sen(s) in IL of my wants for this bill. I will also let MN Sen(s) & WI Sen.Baldwin my want for their support. It's the answer
Hurry up before I die!!
In my opinion definitely a winning Message !!! Bernie 2020 !!!
You have the right to access. — Can I have the right to NOT pay on someone else's healthcare? #SelfAccountability
You realize everyone's paying for you as well, right? You're doing that right now with Medicare and Medicaid
Finally!The idea that 'the ppl need to choose HC' is as ridiculous as the idea ppl need to choose the best FEMA support after hurricane Irma
Sweet.
FALSE
The Constitution does not say this.
Does it say anything about social security or universal K-12 education?
No it's repeated history. Socialism doesnt work in America. We dont want free stuff. We want to work for what we have. Get out of the way!!
YOU DON'T TABLE UNLESS YOU ARE PICKING IT UP BEFORE FINISHING THE MEETING!  POSTPONE ,,, INDEFINATELY IF YOU ARE STOPPING IT.
Healthcare is a right for all! #MedicareForAll
Health care is a blessing #thankacaretaker
Pandering for 2020 with a plan they know both won't work and won't get passed. As transparent as glass.
How will it be paid for?
Hey, not a coincidence that the Senate approved unconstitutional war the same day the Single-payer Healthcare bill is presented. Think we
Love it! Thank you Senator Sanders for standing up for those who have no voice in this system
Huh? It is being postponed?
They WILL be held accountable if they table it instead of taking a vote along with Repubs who refuse to support it!
Shrink military
