Health care vote today.

- No final text
- No final Byrd guidance…
No Nancy it will not. The democrats have kicked over 1p million tax paying Americans off health insurance with this Obama Care plan.
10 million gained insurance under Obama Care. Even the current administration acknowledges this fact.
No your wrong again. Only 3 million gained health insurance under Obama Care. Medicaid is mot Obama Care. Even the CBO said 73% of the
Only 3 million huh? Let's say that's true (it isn't). How is throwing 24 million off of insurance better under the GOP?
It's not. Thats the point. It doesn't have 24 million on it. And yes only 3 million.  And that's not counting the people who lost it in 2017
Lost it because of GOP tampering and threats. You can't destabilize the market and then cry about it disintegrating.
Also, your "3 million" is way off-base.
@dylanlscott wouldn't it be nice if a President Hillary Clinton were there to veto?

this meme is three years old at least. Time to freshen it up.
if only she had the competence to run a more effective campaign than an orange manchild
That's true. She was an awful candidate, mainly because she couldn't punch through the bullshit.
yes that, and the fact that she ran a campaign based on attack ads and busswords.
Playing the woman card. The Clinton Foundation. Selling U.S. Uranium to Russia. Lies under oath but not charged. Lies every times she speaks
I am not sure I agree with all that but no sense in blaming Bernie for Trump
The democrats have been knowing about the problems with Obama Care for 7 years and they have done nothing to help the problems.  Nothing
How undemocratic to use the inch-pound system. We didn't vote on whether we should use SI (along with all other countries) or inches/pounds
How is voting undemocratic?
voting on something that no one knows what it is, is Democratic to you? very simplified view on democracy IMHO
Free thinking is better than Democratic talking points. That's not even what the vote was about.
Sanders why not be honest. U know as u had Kelton on ur campaign. We have the money. Why bring up taxes. #MMT. Tell ur bros how it works.
Like trump ?
I hate him .
Could you help me find these same comments when the horrid Obamacare passed and it was supposed to be read afterwards. You're a hypocrite
Socialist
Bernie you wouldn't know democratic if it hit u in the face all you do is rabblerouse

UNDEMOCRATIC.... Made your skin crawl you SOCIALIST alleged crook.
Waiting for honest politicians to talk about how our economics work. #LearnMMT. money exists. Congress chooses not to spend on single payer
Why are @SenateDems following regular order when no one else is? #Disrupt #Resist #TheResistance
Big banks, insurance and oily oligarchs now run this country.
Republicans are writing/legislating laws  of silly puddy?
Give 'em hell Bernie!
Democratic Party blocking single payer in CA
Petter  I agree. Hillary loss was her fault, not Bernie's or Trump's. Trump and Hillary are 2 different sides of the same coin.
Bernie, I hate to break it to you. We don't live in a democracy. Rules don't matter to the rich #plutocracy #RIPDNC #RIPGOP
The @GOP must be voted out. They are a disgrace to the country. Their interests are not for the American people
It's also criminal.
"'Forward"' they cried from the rear, as the front rank died."
Bernie Sanders is a discrace
When was the last time health care  (your doctors visit ) was affordable?
Voting is undemocratic ok
Very
I can tell
You're mom gay
I think that's because he's going to gut it to pay for the military
I'm wondering what children, the poor and the old are going to do
Work together! HEALTH CARE IS A GIVEN RIGHT FOR AMERICAN CITIZENS!
hold it...there is a healthcare VOTE today and you say it's undemocratic? You truly are a fucknugget.
The way the Democrat party screwed your supporters? Or the way you are dishonoring their support of you?
at least you clapped for McCain
Knowing you- and others like you are out there fighting 4 us is a ray of light in these very dark times...TY Bernie. We love you.
yep.. passing ACA in the middle of the night after closed door negotiations with no input from other side.. disgrace and undemocratic
Why does a single aspirin cost $30 at the hospital? #coverthecost
We need you in 2020.
sounds like Obamacare all over again
Hyperbole central. No new ideas. Just whine whine whine.
It is also no surprise
Well we are in a republic so im ok with undemocratic things.

And what are we talking about? Your political career?
Voting is undemocratic?
I DO NOT understand how they can draft 4 versions of a bill-NOT read it-yet push it to a vote!
How is this possible?
LAWYERS-please answer!
Did you read it this time Bernie?
It is a disgrace democrats are as clueless as republicans. No democrat fixes for obamacare just ranting about people who will die.
Tyranny by the rightwingfucknut leadership
You are undemocratic not voting yes to tey and make it better!
Agree to disagree
The 1%& their lackeys the GOP want poor, disabled & elderly poor dead.  They R disposable a waste of resources to these "people"
The disgrace is forcing the middle class into the poor house by making them pay rediculous premiums, and penalties. Screw you Bernie
But, McCain was so brave!
All they did was vote to open debate. But shooting off your mouth to the sycophants is easier than debating. #PhonySocialist #LiberalHack
What about the millions who effectively lost access to health care because of extreme out of pocket costs? You don't give a damn.
Sounds like a self assessment. #PhonySocialist. #LiberalHack
That's the kind of government republicans wants for America in the 21st century #trumprussia #trumprussiacoverup #impeachtrump
I'm a huge fan of yours Bernie, but don't clap for McCain as he votes to screw people over.  I'm not saying punch him but don't clap.
It was also a disgrace to endorse #lockherup
Like everything you represent

Republicans r disgraceful, insulting, Undemocratic, Unconstitutional, Unhinged
I agree block it if yiubcan.
Voting?
How was this vote undemocratic? The vote took place in our democratically elected Senate.
News flash syvester, this great nation is NOT a democracy, we are a Constitutional Republic. Good God, you dont even know your own nation.
What really is insulting is how the people in MY government are acting.  If I did this in my job (acting like a child) I would be fired.
After 7yrs of doing nothing on a failing health system, now the dems want to work with the repubs, the catch,so long as it's on Obamacare
Stop using that word you have no idea what it means
jesus still loves you
It's happening as we tweet.  http://newdeal.feri.org/wallace/haw23.htm …
@jawoodward @dylanlscott So why did you hug the bastard? Scream at him if you really care about anyone.

Democrats need to protect us.

Will Debbie Wasserman Schultz HIGHLY PAID IT, Hard drive Smashing, IT Pakistani sing like a Yellow Cockatoo ?? 

…

Can 'we the people' sue the government for this? An overwhelming number of Americans are against this. This is so wrong.
The fight for democracy is NOW!
The wolves are at the door.
We cannot let up. The GOP WILL bring down democracy if they're not stopped!
Bernie you are awesome.
Did you read about it in your neighbors newspaper?
get 'em Bernie.
#AmazingDisgrace
How unsweet this tweet
That saved a wretch like #Trumpcare
It once was lost, but now its found
Was blind, but now it sees
Well the American people lost today. Well not all the American people the wealthy Americans still won all middle class and lower lost.
How is your wife's investigation going?
Not very nice, Roger.
What was with that waltz with McCain?
Typical slime from the GOP
If everyone is under the same Insurance "pool," doesn't it even out the whole cost thing? Insurance Co.s are pitting us against ourselves.
How many Congresspeople are beholden to the Insurance Companies that are seemingly unregulated by any conscience or humanity?
Still more information that we had when the murderous #aca passed. #wehavetopassittoreadit
Thank you @SenSanders for standing up the saving benefits of the ACA. #Healthcareisahumanright #DoctorsSpeakOut #OurLives
Where is the real #REVOLUTION ?
Sitting in the White House...
Almost as undemocratic as the DNC
No problem!  Simply "REPEAL OBAMACARE! Do not replace it!  US Healthcare was far better off before the Gov screwed it all up!
SINGLE PAYER IS THE ONLY SOLUTION, take the profit out of healthcare to make it healthcare & not about profits !!
Using your word "Let's be clear" Repeal of #SaveACA  is not a win for republicans it's a disastrous loss for #Democrats this will hurt dems
Do something about it.
I am asking you to prepose a bill that all members Of congress  have the same healthcare as all Americans
You do realized that the vote had nothing to do with an actual bill, right?
No it's justice! Great for America! #American lives will live!! Stop it Bernie
Yet so many of your supporters say ACA is useless and only single payer matters.
As a Bernie Bro I can confirm that that is not the case.
Keep@fighting @SenSanders
And yet all of the stupid inbred piglets who would rely on health care the most, rejoice. Fear and ignorance has won. It's the new paradigm.
It's a vote to debate. Maybe debate is not part of your Communist philosophy Bernie, but is the American way.
Tell us again who is unqualified to be POTUS?
We voted in order to find out. And we found out.
If only voters were responsible enough to find out whether someone they like is truly qualified to be president BEFORE casting their vote!
Like the Democrats passing Obamacare w/o republican input!
SOOOOOO much MIS information here!
America will never regulate #Corporatocracy greed, health insurance or others ala OUR Gov employees share profits! #UniteAgainstCorruption
The GOP elite & Trump don't care about anyone else but themselves. It's just that simple.
Well hey Bernie, at least you didn't have to vote for 50 state public option and lowering Medicare age to 55.
Bernie, please tell us you'll champion a #PeoplesParty  Sign the #DNCDNR
#draftBernie

Who said we have to pass this 900 page bull before we can read it?
And who said. Elections have consequences.....
Hint, it wasn't Trump...
Bernie needs to accept that reform of Dem Party is wishful thinking. This will not change the status quo. A new People's Party is needed.
It is American politics.
Are you stealing your neighbors Sunday news paper Sen Sanders?
Senator Sanders- I wish your colleagues would listen to you. So discouraged!
Amen @SenSanders. It is a very big disgrace. Everything they are doing is undemocratic.
The right wing doesn't care about people. They are, along with many on the left, for sale to the highest bidder.
@TheDemocrats are scared to death that they may be forced to buy the disastrous failed Obamacare for themselves & their families
You spelled republic wrong.
LOL sounds democratic to me you Liberal Losing  Hypocrite.
Democratic? You are a socialist
Was there a vote Senator?
A vote is actually very democratic. Stealing people's money to fund a welfare state. Not so much
I agree
You're sad Bernie you are the one that caused this mess but you don't want to help the Republicans to fix it
What can we do??
You had a chance and this is what you did with it SAD! No bill Bernie
Says a socialist to the democratic republic.  Go away you haven't been and never will be valid.
He is more valid than you are.
Good one.  You got me. Whew don't know what I will ever do.
Not nearly as insulting as "you have to pass the bill to see what's in it" Nancy Pelosi
Go buy another house with our money. Hypocrite & fraud.  #MAGA
Like bank fraud and selling out?
Who Ever voted  yes need to be voted Out
Bernie, you fool!
Bernie, why don't you support ACA REPEAL; then DEMAND "SINGLE PAYER" if you help axe ACA, then DEMs R forced to back SINGLE PAYER
Now you can introduce thousands of amendments to it to slow it down. Thousand of them.
If by "This" you mean "You", I concur.
Its not undemocratic just because u dont agree ... jesus Bernie why dont u steal some more newspapers
So if we repeal Obamacare people will die. If we keep Obamacare we will live forever...wow!
And its status quo for the 'majority'
This is what happens when people don't know what the hell they're doing in the voting place.  DUMP TRUMP.
Which of your three houses were you in when you wrote this?
Just retire...youre going Senile
Snowflakes snowflakes everywhere
It is so unfair to Americans!
#OBSCENE
Whats a disgrace is FRAUD & Corruption from a senator. Your term will be over soon..
Satan passed the vote
Senator, the voters put these Republicans in office to Repeal & Replace. How about working with them and offer ways to compromise?
 #Bernie pls tell ppl @SenateDems really need their support now to fight NOW...days and months are a luxury #democracy can't afford.
Whining socialist Bernie.  Counsel your wife on the meaning of "ethics" and "disgrace".
Lost respect for you, when you gave in to the Clintons. You were cheated, you knew it, and didn't say a thing.
It should have been @SenSanders #POTUS
Should've been? Really he gave the nomination to Hillary/probably bribed him/bought a summer home $500,000
I need receipts please
Yeah. That "lesser of two evils" thing turned out to be yuuge.
They have been waiting too do this ever since Obamacare came into effect. This is about their hatred for Obama and Democratic Party!!
Trump's biggest contribution will be waking up formerly apolitical people. First preview will be 2018 midterms. Nobody will stay home.
We love you Bernie! Such a man of integrity!
They are forcing their Junk ACA on the American People.
Why did you fucking clap for the monster that is John McCain? His return will result in the death of thousands
Never in my life have I been so incredibly proud to be Canadian. #GOP #KillTheBill #HealthcareBill #PartyOverCountry #fucktrump #ForShame
it is america. a sesspool of feces.
What is your stance on Russian sanctions, Bernie? One report said you need more time to think about it. Really??
Yea, like bank fraud too
Why is it undemocratic?
Exactly how Dems felt when you wouldn't concede, and travelled the Midwest shitting on the ACA. U knew this was at risk.
He did NOT. Stop lying.
Hoodwinked
It is and remains so. I hope that it will fail to get the votes needed to pass. My family prays it will not pass.
Agree
We are required to pay for car insurance, so what is the difference? At least more people get a chance to live!!!
