RIGHT!.. even if that means cutting some Defense spending from the budget... because We the People are served better by good health. ^..^
Like Russia, for example? Military spending isn't stopping that, hon.
So those fools out there that WE overthrew had it coming, right? Iraq? Libya? Vietnam? (oh, wait..) Panama? Grenada? & various CIA ventures?
You're poking someone who has delivered babies, sewed up my own gashes, and made a hammer spring for a shotgun from a screwdriver handle..
who gonna pay for it West?!
Every American
sounds great, but never works unless every1 agrees to be poor. "the problem is you eventually run out of other people's money"
Don’t think everyone’s poor there or Canada
simple question (Bernie could not answer this the other night): why not cut taxes for all Americans?
Less tax revenue can’t be better. What other programs do you want to cut?
I worked with a lady that grew up in eastern block Poland. She said ppl in US who think socialism or communism are good are absolute idiots
I lived in Canada, not perfect but free health care is pretty good. 
We Need and Deserve Quality Healthcare Now!!!!!!
Oh love. Bless your heart. I love paying my taxes times four incomes and will contribute more if EVERY American is offered FREE HEALTHCARE.
God Bless you.
The reason people in Denmark don't get rid of public healthcare is because it's too good. Who would've thought?
wait, did you use this gif because Hans Christian Andersen, who was from Denmark, wrote The Little Mermaid?
Could be.
I want to thrive not just #survive
And we spend billions on border patrols that don't do anything to reduce illegal immigration.
FYI I have waited longer to be treated in U.S.Took months 2schedule testing. Have to go 2 primary 2 get referral 2 get test 2 c specialist.
Control healthcare and you control the people - #Alinsky. So no to Bernie . Say no to #MedicareForAll
Well sure didn't get it for 8 years
America needs to WakeUp 
In Scandinavia, all of that costs between 40-60% of your paycheck.
If Danish tax system was applied in the US, all income over $60,000 would be taxed at 60 percent.
Additionally, these countries have VAT at 25% rate. Highest sales tax rate in US is about 10%.
Not quite. income over $70,000 is taxed 51%. Then again, we save big on healthcare, education, transport. By most accounts we come out ahead

We don’t pay 80% in taxes in DK. We pay effectively LESS taxes than in the US, factoring in savings in college tuition/dept, healthcare etc.
Stop distraction! We have this evil scourge trump because of Bernie Sanders and Nina Turner and the Awful primary divisive stunt with HRC
You should seriously take some courses in economics and study the Constitution. Who is going to pay for all of this free stuff?
Should get?? Its not a right Bernie..you want it, PAY FOR IT! You're not entitled to free shit
You are obtuse and your way of thinking is reducing us to be unhappy.
So because this a lucky case disputes AVERAGE wait times that Cruz rattled off? So because 1 person wins Powerball means it's good for all?
Yes they should, by working hard and paying for it, not have it given to them. No pride in ownership or accomplishment
wrg
How many bankruptcies abroad? How about infant mortality rates? #SinglePayerNOW #MedicareForALL #UnitedStatesOfAmerica
How many people die every year in Denmark because they can't access health care? 
-0-
How many people in the #USA?
45,000
A silent Civil War
Please add OPTIONAL to MEDICARE FOR ALL  or it will never fly with ACA main problem MANDATORY still around
Hey Bernie you lost to Hillary.
Hey Scott Hillary lost to Trump.
Bernie would of lost too
You don't know that but we do know Sanders did +10% better than HRC in polls, was preferred over Trump by indies (who decide every election)
Was only candidate w positive favorables in every demographic, supported by the largest generation, was anti-est in change election,
Enthusiastic supporters & wasn't under FBI investigation. He may have lost but by every measure, he was decisively the strongest candidate
Y'all ignored all of that & picked the weakest candidate. That's your fault not his.
I didn't pick the weakest. Trump is the man.
Bernie Claus 2020.  Make America Christmas Again!
Um, Bernie, if I have cancer, ain’t no way I’m going to Scandinavia to seek treatment. In fact, those who can afford it come to the US.
The very 1st person to DIE for no  insurance, should Sue every sen. and congrs who took it away,, For Murder, cause thats what it is
I'm a danish taxpayer giving 48 pct of my monthly salary. Instead I pay ZERO for using doctors, hospitals, schools, roads. I'm happy :-)

In was wondering what happened to Ivan Drago
Bern... Why did the Dems run up the largest debt in history of US and not provide quality healthcare, education or child care - Explain
Bernie we can get all of these things,just have to go out and get them, also known as hard work,used to be the American way.
Where is the money going to come from Jealous Bernie?  Let me guess you are going to increase taxes about 15% more than we already pay
Thank you Bernie. Keep fighting!
Thank you for fighting for us all
Thank you Bernie, thank you 
And oh by the way , hand over your paychecks...
and what is going to pay for all this?
And a rainbow colored unicorns farting pixie dust!!!
Something was cut > so, not only is college free, they (gov) also give you a little spending cash.
I absolutely agree with your ideas in this clip and I think with the right tax plan it can be done without hurting the middle class
Bernie my man, you owned the Dane! Lock stock and barrel of herring.
That person needs to check his facts btw. There is no charge to go to the doctor. Zero. This includes specialists.
@GeoffMiami 
I believe if we were to channel the taxes that Americans currently pay into things that the majority of
Americans want, (healthcare, college tuition, etc.) and close tax loopholes to force elitists to pay their fair
share, we could have these things without a significant drain on taxpayers. Lowering the DOD budget would help.
A lot of people's premium is more than $5,000 a year. And then don't forget the deductibles.
The elite withhold education just like healthcare & Carlin was right; they want us educated just enough to do our jobs & limp home & back.
America's priorities are about being rich and the War Machine
Medicare for all
God bless a good man like you Bernie
Excellent example, please keep repeating cause evil sloganeers are still lying on all points.
I like @SenSanders , but #BIGMoneyman Ted C. already knew -Bs hand! Probably because it was the same thing -B has been shouting all week...!
I'm just here for the butt hurt Hillary voters.
Beeerrrrrrrrrrrrnieeeeeeee!!!!!
I don't know why this is so hard to understand. Treat others the way you want to be treated.
Can't get there via corp Dems!
During Obama’s Presidency Wealth Inequality has Increased & Poverty Levels are Higher
Togo Massacred
RIP innocent young boy
Not at tax payer's expense.  Work hard and it comes to you.  We are capitalists in America, not socialists.
Great Debate @SenBernie   We need a couple more so ppl get it!!!
Love Bernie. Hate GOP budget. Call 202-225-3121. Say NO to cuts in Medicare/Medicaid!
As a Brit who is proud of both our National Health Service and higher education, I am frustrated with the GOP plans...Americans, get a grip
Go Bernie Go!
Good job last night Bern!!!
This conservative-Dane was not accurate in saying some things about Denmark. I live here, almost everyone IS very happy with gvmnt.
True, and we don't pay 200-300 dollars a month to attend school. That's for private schools. Ordinary school is taxfunded.
You killed it Bernie!
Check this out @MDguy908, we need to figure out how to watch these debates without TV!
Repeal and Replace Obamacare. STOP giving away our money to illegals. NO BENEFITS TO ILLEGALS.
Psst @SenSanders , @TheDemocrats don't want you, your voters, anything or anyone progressive.
Start running third party now.
Please.
Great debate. Next time ask Cruz whether he would accept a $20 million cap on inheritance to save small businesses.
YEA BERNIE
I watched this debate and it was uplifting ,thank you for all your work towards this goal. Honesty also about the cost  in the end we win !
i'm pretty sure @tedcruz is telling you some lies, don't believe the proprietor, he and the koch boyz are more tighter then ever..
probably trying to profile you to find your strength and weakness..
And Ted Cruz got caught lying last night that's why Texas is fixing to oust is ass all about take take take big GOP donors#Blood Money
gd showing yesterday bern carved @tedcruz up like a turkey, be careful Koch boyz could be using these debates as a study form to attack you.



I'd rather have the freedom to do these on my own.  We don't need a nanny state, Nothing's better than free enterprise, liberty, and freedom
Really? How is your health insurance doing?
Do you think healthcare is free enterprise, Jacob?

bernie keeps talking about his utopian, one solution fits all-ideas, but he is not saying how much they will cost. ppl in such countries r paying a lot in taxes. he is just another tax-spend-spend-spend politician.
Good job last night Bernie. Keep it up. You’re the only hope to bring back civilization to our country. Thanks
Bonsoir  Papa
All free stuff from bernie and we tax payers would have to pay for it, thank god you ain't president.
They can. If they use their own money and pay for what they want. Don't use mine or anyone else's.
....and a house, a mid sized luxury car to get to and from work, weekly basic groceries, an emotional support pet of choice, a cell phone...
You killed it in #debate! Loved hearing actual facts while @tedcruz just repeated questions and "Bernie wants to raise taxes" to run down the clock.  Also loved hearing that the Danish health care system is BETTER than the US at 1/2 cost/capita !!  #Healthcare @realDonaldTrump
Many countries with universal health care pay less per capita than the US.
I loved this section. The guy got handed by Bernie. Mic drop moment.
Great answer.
but what we really get is Democrat rigged primaries.
How come we Americans are not getting the same HC your exempted from?
And this is paid for how?
Got any of them private jets, comrade Bernovich?
I'd love to work with Bernie.  Here is someone in politics who is not rich and keeps fighting for Americans.  If you are hiring call me :-)
@jaclip45 You go old man. I want free everything & spending money to boot. Let’s get those successful people in this country. They are evil
Get em
King Kooky just admitted the desire to raise taxes  AT LEAST $3000 more per year. Unbelievable. #everybodygetsaunicorn
Ummm..."King Kooky" never said it would be free.
Ummm... I know.
from what planet did you get that guy from??????
Bernie can you guarantee that only Americans get this or any one who can enter our country? You live in your own bubble.
Why?  Should they get a free house and car  and house too?  Next time you tweet wear a white beard and a red suit.  Then it makes sense
Ted Cruz OWNED you last night!  LMAO  #BankFraudBernie
Love it when @tedcruz lied about wait times in Denmark then this Denmark completely slams him that @tedcruz claims was fake.
Take My Money, Senator Sanders.
Our current US healthcare system feeds the corporations and deprives the citizens.
Yes .@SenSanders the time has come for .@medicareworks_
I'm surprised the conservative mouth piece didn't lie about Denmark when he had the chance.
we have great health care, but it is not affordable Thanks to politicians like you. We have child care, but it is too expensive as well
Child care now too? When are you going to stop? Try working for it like everyone else does. You are only poor if you choose to be so.
BERNIE YOUR OFFICE SPENT 40,000 ON JET TRAVEL IN ONE MONTH. You hypocrite
Dream on Bernie this guy is a plant quit being a fake. This is America not Denmark. We The People will decide not Gov.
Also a 50% tax
@SenSanders = #ObamaZombe
Yes, but it's not govt's job to provide any of those things.  Its jobs are CLEARLY stated in this thing called "THE CONSTITUTION." READ IT!!
Bernie. How much money did you spend on private jets last quarter? Must me nice. 3 homes. private jets. career politician. sound fishy.
Do the math. How much do you pay for health & childcare & student loans? I'd pay the taxes. Already paying for this stuff to corporations.
At 60.2%, Denmark last year had the highest top personal income tax rate among the 34 countries in the OECD

The debate was about taxes, not healthcare. It also showed Sanders has no problem taking 50% of your paycheck for the rest of your life!
bernie. Now is time for you to pay back hillary. She burned you last year. Put her in jail. Do your job or retire. #DrainTheSwamp
Thank you Bernie.  I wish more people would see this from your perspective. #MedicareForAll #justlisten
Look #Bernie I don't know about you crazy pants mcjew but here in NYC I inherited millions & live awesome.
*puts out cigar on homeless guy*
By increasing our taxes by THOUSANDS? Socialism has been tried 187 times and has never been successful
Capitalist countries with socialized programs have been very successful. Canada, Australia, France, UK, Germany, Sweden etc. What gives?
Love u Bernie, lots of people love you in Australia.
We can abolish all welfare and move public school to a home schooling program saving billions annually- then we can address healthcare.
Do i need to work 7 days a week to pay for this utopia?

We just witnessed an important moment in this debate. Bernie just admitted he wants to raise everyone’s taxes. #CNNDebateNight
And? Do you see where we end up saving more money in the long run?
Not all.  Some people don't have children.  Some don't qualify for higher education.
I told you several times Bernie go dring your crazy pills !!!
“Probably better than ours”?
Don’t think so. Love how he just skims over the quality of “free” healthcare.
http://nordic.businessinsider.com/the-16-countries-with-the-worlds-best-healthcare-systems-2017-1/ …
I don't see the United States on that list. I think your argument needs some supportive evidence.
So get the government out of those industries.

Berni knows how much money goes through Washington DC and who pays and who dont and what the country could be.
But we should all be looking at better ways to take care of each other. No more war mongers
I got two jobs, my wife got two jobs nd we approve your message!! @SenSanders
Yes, thanks for the tweet random staffer!
You’re garbage Bernie! You care nothing for the Americans. You know that socialism doesn’t work yet you lie blindly to the American people!
Yes, and rainbows and unicorns too! Wake up! Time to go to school!!
Only if this is possible
https://www.thelocal.dk/20150926/denmark-cancer-survival-rates-among-worst-in-europe … ??
He made Ted Cruz look stupid in my opinion and had great goals. For us and children. If didnt watch it please do

Mr free stuff. All you gotta do is make the government BIGGER and take all the money into its coffers. Loser.
USA pays more per capita than anywhere else in the developed world. Where does the extra money go? Private insurance execs + administrators
USA population 320million Denmark is 5.5million how tf can you compare the two countries

I'm raising money for THIS BABY NEEDS A HOME. Click to Donate:  http://tw.gofund.me/this-baby-needs-a-home&pc=tw_co_share_m&rcid=r01-150839087648-7bce533181be425b … via @gofundme
Government shouldn't be forcing anything on people.
Nicely done tonight Senator!
Chicken is a right too !! We want free chicken from the poverty pimp named @SenSanders
Yeah we need everything to be free Bernie are you going to rob another bank
Why don't you think the richest nation in the world can't afford government programs most of the first world already have?
Really, CNN, this is the guy who is supposed to represent a typical Danish perspective on their system?
go bernie
Plus, at what's meant to be a "debate" between Sanders and Cruz they give tons of airtime to right-wingers to drone on and on.
Christ, these debates have the worse audience plants at "town halls". The Peterson Institute? Really?
And they should learn personal responsibility by paying their own way.
They currently get quality. But if u make it "free" it won't be.
Yes but not on taxpayers dime Bernie. We are NOT a socialist country. Too bad Obamacare emptied pockets of hardworking Americans. Awful!!
You're conflating "goals" with "rights." Robbing Peter to pay Paul leaves them both poor.

If you pay for them
good luck with those progressive policies when the executive, judicial and legislative branches are controlled by the far right..we blew it
Um, NO!
Thank you Bernie for saying what most Democrats won't. WE WANT 3/4 OF YOUR RICE BOWL TO GIVE TO THOSE WHO WON'T WORK! IT'S A GREAT PLAN!
Where are your tax returns Bernie ? Next to Trump's in Moscow ?
I agree healthcare should be a government issue like the military...it pays for basically everything ..,
Your health plan sucks just like Obama’s. We are getting sucked dry while you clowns try & figure out what you’re doing. GL with reflection.

If it weren't so maddening,it'd b funny as u refer 2 rich people who can afford healthcare. Which house do u tweet it from? #CNNDebateNight
What's upsetting about someone with some level of wealth arguing in favor of systems that benefit all Americans and not just his class?
Kierkegaard actually started sweating by the end.
Awwwwe. Did sen sanders not get his pudding today?
respect to that man
Best part of the entire night.
it was fun watching you get crushed
#CNNDebateNight 
Denmark is a homogeneous country with a population less than 6 million.
Once their population is 20% 3rd world, collapses
And they've actually needed to adopt more capitalistic policies due to their current economic system imploding.
Ppl should get health care and should help raise their own kids. That's what wrong with society is not enough parental involvement
@SenSanders  Do i get a credit if I do not have any kids?
#CNNDebateNight
Bernie, there is cry being heard around the world and they are talking about people just like you! So let it be written , so let it be done!
Yes let's see how many ppl live in the Scandinavia country ? And how Many live in America . Right millions & millions more won't work ..
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economies_of_scale …
Denmark is a smaller country.
I agree, but the billionaires who run this country will never allow it, sadly.
