Kind of like your wife huh @SenSanders
Just stop Bernie
You like him a little too much
He was a liar live on CNN, why the contradiction?
BERNIE BE THROWIN THAT SHADE YASSSSS
Define "cuts". Is an administrative cut a cut to benefits? Just like your "1%". Every time Dems say that my taxes go up. & I ain't in the 1%
total #scumbag good #people that built #America will #starve!
Melania understands lol.
I wonder what's coming first. Impeachment or divorce.
She'll never suggest divorce first. I'm sure it will come from  once he gets impeached or resigns. She is too much of a gold digger.
Yeah but she could get a nice chunk of cash and then bail on the 
Lol. Very true. But she's too greedy.
Do you know her personally? What makes you say such things?
I do. I have tea with her every day. Lol!
Sad way to exist- on hate
Trump lied to get elected. He should be Impeached for lying about such a serious thing as healthcare!
Sorry I forgot the Booooooom

He must have Alzheimer's!! He has forgotten what he promised! #Resist #ResistTrump #RemoveTrump #25A #ImpeachTrump
He said those words to get people votes
Savage
Still, this means nothing to his supporters.
My favorite is how you stood by not supporting HRC but suddenly did and immediately bought a 3rd house. 
he supported her after losing the nom. The homes he owns are easily within a senator's pay range.
Wrong. He supported her after the Democrats made him. He wasn't beforehand. He advocates for the poor. Owns 3 houses. He's bought & paid for
show me any evidence he's supported something against the poor. Supporting universal health shows he's not bought.
Also fun fact. Of course he supports Socialist Healthcare. He's a Socialist. Those in power reap the most reward when you go full socialism.
well, he advocates democratic socialism where those in power don't reap much reward.
Advocates. Does not practice. 3 houses. Stop.
what he spends his income on is his business. Would one mansion be more acceptable?
stop watching @CNN you dolt
He is scum of the earth. No other way to say it
Nice try Bernard! Stop watching @CNN  @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
@OpCop_Gald
FUCK HIM UPPP
Yeah you are so perfect mr. Socialist. Move to Venezuela. You should love it there.
What is it with #TrumpNation's obsession with #Venezuela? Why is their answer to everything #Hillary's email server and #Caracas?
B/C Sanders endorses socialism and Libs harp on Trump hurting national security. See original 2 points.
buuuurn
what I really like about you is how hopeful you were
Says the man who foresakened his supporters and cowtowed to the DNC when it was revealed you never had a chance!  Where's your backbone?
I bet you tweeted this from your $600,000 vacation home that Hillary Clinton bought you, you sell out Hypocrite
you do know that 80 percent of people that voted for trump regret it now lol 
That's not even true
haha yea it is bro lol
No one is going to lose coverage that was the 1st thing that they said, and know 80% of trump voters are not turning their backs. Just false
James ur telling me trump did or said nothing wrong ? Lol
No. Yeah  I'm saying that everything that you're saying is wrong
but trump makes it ok to be racist so I don't blame u homie

Yea but if you read the nazi trump supporter comments its clear they have no interest with facts. They like the bigot racist no matter what
yea Bernie i suggest to stop quoting cnn fake news  this isnt entirely true
Bern went back on all his principles in support of Hilary, sold his soul to remain relevant, now suing DNC, always late
There's nothing to like

President*
love you daddy :(
@SenSanders time to rally #TheResistance to ensure our seniors are taken care of!!!! Greed must not penetrate the depths of government!
Have any of you taken a Class in Political Science Just asking- oh Yes and did you Pass?
That is Mr. Trump... Shame on America 
@imillhiser I think it's ironic both you (wife) and trump are being investigated by FBI!!!
I think it's ironic that a Hillary supporter would want to play this sins-of-the-spouse game, but okay.
bs &Jane called hrc corrupt in every appearance but hid taxes: to me hypocrisy &sanders corruption matter
Which is fine, but again, it's definitely interesting that a Clinton supporter wants to play this sins-of-the-spouse game.
the sanders crowds chanted lock her up all across California/ final months of campaign:now her bank scam
I see that you plan on just changing the subject rather than engaging in good faith.  That's cool.
If you ever figure a reason why this sins-of-the-spouse stuff applies to Bernie but not to Hillary though, feel free to drop a line.
You should have worked harder to defeat him.  But then you wouldnt still have your http://rev.o.lu .tion, rite?
Weak
What I like about you is how you act as an advocate for the poor while owning 3 mansions.
What I like about you is how you repeat the same idiocies other orange turd's supporters say. Not own thoughts?
Obama was the same though 
I wonder about the dimwits who thought he was there for them.
feel the bernnnnnnn 
What I find funny is you guys spent more money than any president. Couldnt even pass the tax law aka obamacare legally. Obama was a joke
DRAG HIM-NO MERCY
To all of you who scoff at Sanders commenting about his 3 homes, etc. do you honestly believe Trump is a better advocate for the poor?  Lol!
Trump doesn't advocate redistribution of wealth like socialist sanders.
He has lied his whole life.  Difference is now we can hold him accountable
I'm not worry the budget is not going to pass no matter how changes they make to it
The more liberals scream about impeachment without a crime, the easier it will be for the GOP to win in 2018-2020.
Hope he sorts out your missus case for you. I genuinely hope you were set up.
Get a load of these barnacles....
There is a #Trump tweet for everything
#TuesdayMotivation #TuesdayThoughts #ManchesterArena #ImpeachTrump #MAGA
Was Bernie being sarcastic I thought he didn't agree with trumpkin
he's a pos, talk about regression.. smh
It's beyond insane now. You can't help but laugh. His supporters will blame anyone and everyone but him. 
I feel sorry for you Bernie. Both Olligarchy controlled Parties GOP & DNC Troll you. That hate a person for the people
Love the sarcasm Bernie. Trump is so twisted that he can't remember all his LIES. His base will follow til they r homelessordead
You can use Medicaid to buy the votes, it's irresponsible action.
Republicans:tax break-top 1/10th of 1%.Immigrants out of country.end SNAP,http://Medicaid.Pay  2.00/hr 2 workers.Beat them.Rape.REPEAT
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump is an evil piece of shit.
@realDonaldTrump : " I do what I do for myself..."
Bernie whats the deal go after you party for the raw deal they handed you I don't support you but you got railroaded
Buuuurn hiim
His name was #SethRich remember when he was murdered exposing how they fucked you? But you stay quite? His name was #SethRich Bernie!!!
Don't believe anything CNN says!
This isn't even fact based give me a break.  Pure speculation from CNN a known anti Trump network
Nobody took a podium away from him......If you backed down from that just imagine what would have happen if you took office!
What I like about Bernie is how he refused to concede. Then supported 'never her'.
Thanks Bern!
Drag him
Ass holes are rarely made. They are born into it. So it is with Trump.
We are all going to die. Between climate change and Trumps proposed budget the whole world is doomed. Oh the humanity. I need drugs, lots.
so much SHAAAAADE
Bernie - Did you help negotiate it out or are you just obstructing?
i cant believe my grandad is a savage go on
You could say this of anyone, including yourself..every political leader makes promises they cannot keep to appease the masses. u r the same
U are citing a left wing DNC arm as a source. Hang it up old bird. Lol
He's a pathological liar and his supporters dont care. This is why our country is failing. Too many people unable to believe reality.
You attacked Obama for getting $400K for speech. He donated $2M to charity. How much of $200K golden parachute your wife got did you donate
#CnnFakeNews
Oops
I hope this was meant as sarcasm!
What I really like about you @SenSanders is when you lost your balls and bowed down to the CLINTONS!!
Lol Bernie still salty he lost
BERN-OUT Sanders cmon g
"we say what we mean and we mean what we say" #FLOTUSplagiarism
@quonfused
I don't have enough energy and a loud enough voice to scream about this atrocity. I am on Medicaid, many are, this is absolutely shitty.
#sarcasmatitsfinest
Hey Bernie how does Hillary's ass taste?
If Socialism works so well why are you living in America?
HOLY SHIT
I see what you did there. Cause that's like the total opposite of what he said before and would make him a liar. For the first time ever.
SAVAGE
Narcissism along with psychopathy are diseases that hurt the other guy. No politician should be permitted to serve if they have them. Ever.
Are you there yet, @sensanders?
Ha. Does he know the meaning of the word honor? He can't tell reality from lies anymore.
Ahh Bernie , too bad CNN is not a credible source
Stop watching fake news
i love you so much bernie
Thank goodness for @SenSanders. He's made me realize I don't have to give up sarcasm or cursing for a political career!

He's a pathological liar.
He's President Trump you hypocrite! You wouldn't have said Mr. Obama. U own 3 homes & a lake front property in Vermont. Such a hypocrite
His mission is to hand us over to his buddy Putin   Wake up people. Don't be like Germany in the 40's
Obama had a back-channel to Russia. After the election I'll have more flexibility. And no evidence whatsoever.
My boi bernie pulling out the receipts wei
hahaha...Bernie you're hysterical:):)  Unfortunately there were too many people who actually believed this asshole which allowed him to win.
Oh well. We could have had Bernie last year but instead got Cruella De Vil & then lost. Bernie blames Russia for her loss now. *SMH*
Really wish you did something about the DNC and saved up from all this... Thanks for nothing.
The same folks defend Trump's mega-wealth & hate Bernie having money. THEN get PO'd abt being called  hypocritical. #JFK100 was a liberal
Will someone pls answer this. With all of these cuts in budgets, where is all the money actually going? Further over budgetting military?
Just like you?
Unfortunately, for Trump they are simpy words with no real meaning. 
Plus he has the attention span of a squirrel, so remembers nothing...
Ydy,
What I like is the Liberals say a raise is a cut because it's not as big of a raise as they would like so they just lie n call it a cut
So they try and cause panic by saying the 6% raise will kill babies while they're really killing babies! Liberal logic = hypocrite
Literally none of that happens. None.
Ok
If you really think that CNN is less credible than Fox News, you may need to see a doctor about that condition.
They're obsessed with the fake story about Trump and Russia all they do is talk about this and not one bit of evidence
I agree. They suck. But if you really think Fox News isn't bullshit and mainstream, you're insane.
Hahaha!
Straight as a corkscrew
60B in fraudulent claims each year. Cutting funding is the right thing to do. And true 2 word? You wound up supporting Hillary #flip flop
CNN LOL. Thanks for the laugh.
THROWING SHADE
And the contradictions continue.....I wish I could say i was surprised...
Only cuts for the illegals and those who don't deserve it
@MarlonWayans lolol..God he is pathetic 45 makes me wanna puke
@corrinedowlin
I was the oldest person in line at the SS office! 65! Drug ridden young people on SS disability! Who never put a dime in!
What I like about you is that you're not the president of the united states you shill.
Dude that was like two years ago.

@emmywo
We love u Bernster! Your so (old) cool. Even though it's ur slaves that manage ur twitter feed. Oh & all of ur generalities, no specifics.
Douche bag. He has no soul. I hope the gop are ready cuz we are going annihilate  them in 2018... they may never recover from being such...
@CNN ??  Lmao!!
Yeah but it's cnn
You can't talk Bernie.
Trump's Law: For each and every Trump Tweet there is an equal and opposite Trump action.
You got somebody doing your taxes that's up on bank fraud charges
i cant believe he is also cutting disability payments, what does he think the disabled are doing with those payments? building rival hotels?
No he just doesn't give a crap about anyone who isn't in his bubble, he has no conception of poor, disabled or in crisis
Not a Bernie fan- but that's funny
Hahaha you wouldn't do much better....@realDonaldTrump is f***ing awesome
So much winning for his voters, they must be so tired of winning.
Why would anyone wanna keep true?
Do better and introduce your #MedicareForAll bill as promised - thanks
Trump and Kushner owned by Russian Jewish mob and their front Chabad Lubavitch
I would also like to see your & your wife's tax returns too...
Ohhhh...Sarcasm. The 8th deadly sin. I see whatcha did there Bern.
That puts him in good company then - a lot of company - because wasn't this "the word" of the Democratic Party?
Almost a year to the day.
Seriously?

One word.

Liar.

Does the face look surprised???

#resist #TheResistance
Hate to tell you but you're not so perfect either dude your a damn socialist there is no such thing as a democratic socialist
Come on Bernie, Communist News Network is about assumptions and opinions
Running for office is a great profit center.   Right, Bernie?
@Chet_Cannon Wake up!
Great troll job on the truth! The hypocrisy is insane with these people
Wow. this is still true #SkinnyRepeal  how is tweeting a WH doc? And not follwed up on #Democrats #healthcare #transban #AmericanHeroesWeek
Democrats have become completely unhinged and are undermining the Constitution
Stop watching cnn.. wake up.
Waiiiiiit a sec... are you... are you being sarcastic?
Read Art of the Deal
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump such a stand up guy!!
When Trump does or says any thing the question is just whether his latest self-refuting tweet is older than 12 months
*cue it's always Sunny in Philadelphia theme*
Trump played his supporters and they bought it.  Sad!
FREE BERN FREE
Great post of the lacy of honesty! Thank you for looking out and standing up for the people.
Pay attention, curmudgeon.  Those are potential cuts to the GROWTH of Medicare, not cuts to actual funding.  Geez.
yea especially on twitter
Petty Sanders lmao
Yes, absolutely.
Dis Like. Without my SSDI. I would be homeless.
Give #trump enough rope so he can hang himself, he will do it.

Let him and his surrogates speak, do not stifle them.

We need them to speak
Typical crap messaging. Saying things backwards is stupid. Just say trump is a liar.
