Millions of Americans agree we must strengthen healthcare for all our families. Make your voice heard. Why do you support #MedicareForAll?
Proud to join @BernieSanders in saying healthcare must be a right for all Americans. It's time for #MedicareForAll.
Single payer will raise our taxes. Government needs to STAY OUT OF OUR INSURANCE!  No socialist healthcare.
...in every other country it works...
Other countries stealing more money from their middle class for socialist programs doesn't magically make it moral.
This is 'must see.' Doctors tell us why #MedicareForAll is the way to save American Health Care. We can cover everyone & save $$$
Profit healthcare system is bad because companies have a bottom line, an incentive to lower costs
Saving money as an argument is a red flag
Work for free then...
Are any of those people advocating for a "free" system?
While we need as better healthcare solution for all Medicare is not the answer .  It's expensive 2 and adds 2 R debt plus increases HC costs
as one of your voters, I am formally telling you. thank you for your service, but i'll be voting for someone else next time
Well sammy boy  @RepMcGovern will win re-election in another epic landslide
Go back & wallow in your sewer like your russian potus trumputin
i won't vote for him & u libs start w/name calling. that's why u lost the rest of the #USA. please, keep it up. 173 followers? troll much
How much do these doctors charge?

If they don't work for free, they're hypocrites.
If they charge more than anyone can pay, they are hypocrites.
Many doctors don't want medicare for all. Obamacare didn't work so now the push is for even MORE gov't control. Makes NO sense. NONE.
#MedicareForAll does not CONTROL your healthcare, all it does and will soon do more broadly is INSURE that you get healthcare!
First, fix Medicare to not be a big pile of shit that killed my grandma.
McGovern is a communist. Hey, the guy has Fidel & Raoul Castro on his Christmas card list. #Marxist.
the current medical system does not help poor/working class. It cannibalizes them for profit.
Single Payer Healthcare is a moral imperative! 24 of 25 Democratic countries ALL Agree.
The salaries for doctors, nurses and healthcare workers would need to be cut at least by 1/3 to 1/2 to compare to US salaries.
As a constituent I will be voting and supporting @RepMcGovern for his re-election wholeheartedly 
Best damn Congressman there is!
Why are doctors leaving the profession then? Many doctors won't even take Medicaid.
Because the government  only pays them a fraction  of thebilled cost, so they can't afford to take many medicaid patients.
And this would change under universal healthcare?
If it does, it probably means lower pay or layoffs for nurses, aides, etc., just to recoup losses. I'd love it to work out, though.
There will be more poor and a much smaller middle class if this happens. Oh yeah and healthcare would be worse.
Lies! #MiddleClass will grow because reduced cost of #HealthCare insurance will put more money in pocket. #MedicareForAll will grow economy
The only reason #MedicareForAll would "cost less" is because the gov would have to tax more out of the middle class to afford the measure.
I'm sure there are 10 times as many doctors that disagree.
These doctors can just treat everyone for free... why don't they?
So they're going to pay for it?
Amen amen
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/RepMcGovern/status/908026889582911488 … (Ranked 13th for Sep 13.)
The U.S. has right now 4 government run single payer health care programs. Now is time for all Americans to have health insurance.
So how will we pay for it?
Nope-Americans need access to Alternative medicine. Conventional medicine is killing people, causing autism,creating drug addicts...
Most insurers cover naturopathic doctors, because It  saves them from having to pay for prescriptions.
Not in my insurance network
No? I didn't know mine did, until I looked through the provider list and saw some NP's.
Hmmm nice try, but no soup for you!
COST? The US Gov really thinks we are stupid.We pay every check more medicare than social http://security.Pay  for it. We have paid.
And now you will get to pay less, and the rest of us will too. #MedicareForAll 
Make #HealthCare a right in America, as it is elsewhere!
How to pay for it is rarely mentioned: INCREASE taxes on rich and corporations - ALOT
How many wars does America have going? 7? Maybe cut that back, take the extra funds...increase tax on the stupid rich...I dunno, just sayin
Beyond political rhetoric.. where does this work? Taxpayers get much higher taxes, doctors make a lot less, and citizens get reduced care.
Here is info from Physicans for A National Health Program.

http://www.pnhp.org/facts/single-payer-faq#bankrupt …
Thanks Lexi, great information!
I never thought that the most powerful country in the world is becoming corrupt like my country, The Philippines.
Medicare does not recognize Licensed Counselors as providers for Mental Health---keep mental health parity! Thank you
Most doctors disagree
Actually most doctors make more money without it hopefully people voted for the right reasons....
And so do American nurses! We stand with you and the right for #MedicareforAll
Here's an idea. No new govt ideas until we actually finish paying for the previous brilliant ideas.
I'm trying to count the number of times socialism has worked well... let me see...
Paid advertising wow you think we're that stupid?
How and who is going to pay for this? Increased TAXES for our youth. Wow nice 85%/15%
Non workers don't deserve the same care as hard workers do.
The way it was before, the poor or low income went to sliding scale clinics. Workers chose a plan from their jobs.
As you probably do not know but MedicareForAll will mean MedicalreForNoOne. Every time somebody offering goodies ForAll turns to ForNoOne.
Nightly TV news orgs news never mentioned it. DEMs on TV need to call out these TV News Orgs not making this important enough to mention.
Why don't we work on the real issue then of cutting costs? That is the issue. Healthcare should be so cheap there would be no need for ins.
Will you drs take last payment?????
If they want it let them form there own system of working for damn near free
Just make sure it pays all the medical bills
https://twitter.com/Sam24778888/status/907934596708405248 …

https://youtu.be/qVUSLxQyy9c 
https://twitter.com/Sam24778888/status/907945482583990272 …

https://youtu.be/nVn54AeYBRY 
@UnitedHealthGrp medical insurance is threat to national security. They are enemies. #Medicare4All
I want 6 month waits
One giant VA run by government workers.....yeah!!!!
Stop comparing countries the size of New York and Los Angeles to America. USA population is no where near comparable to any country.
What we need is government not to be in the health care business health care was much better 20 years ago
Yes!  It is time for Medicare For All!
Video has misspelling. Separate is incorrectly spelled. Not being petty--we'll be criticized enough w/out giving the opposition ANY ammo.
They also misspelled "socialism is a failed approach".
