Truth
Boom!
Exactly.
The doctors should have a set salary to keep costs down. :)
As a resident, I have a set salary. It's probably even lower than your's.
If medicare for all becomes a reality, we need to make sure your salary does not increase from your residency years.
I agree 100%.

I need #MedicareForAll  to live. Please pass this bill
We don't have that law yet. Somehow your alive? What has been keeping you alive so far?
2/2 for people like me w pre-existing conditions to get decent insurance. I just want people to walk 10 miles in our shoes before they judge
Solved so that nobody goes bankrupt.
Sure, let's make sure EVERYBODY gets below standard care. That includes doctors & politicians alike. Wake up elite-man.
That requires food and shelter too. What do we do about those deficiencies?
Say it again for the people in the back, doc.
Yes forget the rights individuals who don't want to pay for your healthcare. You can demand they pay for other people's care
I'm guessing you feel the same way about babies being killed by abortion?
Except babies?
There is no Constitutional Right to health care. There is no right to force a Dr. to work for the Government , nor me to pay for it for you.
Insurance? Insurance for health ? It does not exist. You just want everyone to pay for your health care. End the lie health insurance.
You buying?
"... the right to live, and to make someone else pay for it..."
The Dr. is a liberal that didn't have to pay for his schooling and this is why he has no respect.
So you are against abortion correct?
Yes!!!!!!
Dr's like you are part of the problem with healthcare.  Performing unnecessary tests so your friends at the lab can profit off your scam too
We removed natures way removing the stupid. The basic human right is accept that there are winners and losers. It shows you r sore loser.
You forgot pain free.
To live one's own life freely. Do you as a doctor want to be enslaved by the state, providing medical care under their rules and payments?
medicare for all !!!! money for greedy dr's its easier to cheat gov't then insur comp!!!!
Then why do you support abortion which is nothing but a slaughterhouse
If you’re lucky enough to be born at all.
You gonna pay for it?
Yet you are an abortion supporter. WTF! #ProLife
If passing Bernie's bill meant that ALL doctors would make $45,000 a year, would you still support the idea?
The basic obligation to "living" is to support yourself and not on the generosity of others. But that probably doesn't "feel" right to you.
Yet you support abortion. #youreajoke #hypocrisyrunsdeep
It sure is. In their own country where they jumped our border from. #NoAmnesty
The nation cannot afford Medicare 65+and health systems were burdened even more by gov't regulations/EHR. I do not trust gov't to do this.
Right, so no need to  go out of your way to honor your oath when it comes to deplorables, they don't care about the rest of the world!
Tell that to those old people in Florida
Wow a liberal against abortion??
My grandson has a medical problem Eugene... Since you want to be on the government's payroll ... I want you to run to Alabama to treat him
The right to live. Good to see so many pro-lifers!
The right to live is different than the right for free healthcare, dummy.  Can't believe you're a doctor.  #Sanders is a socialist dummy.
the most basic human right is food We don’t need M.D. every day , we do need food and water . Should the government pay for that as well
Said the doctor who votes for democrats that support abortion. More access to healthcare if you all lower your fees?
But people die anyway. You're a doctor...u should know this.
How did u get to be a doctor being so bad st math?  Medicare for all is mathematically impossible!!
#section8 housing for all
#Governmentcheese for all
#soupkitchen for all
#breadlines for all
#vahospital waits for all
#publicschool for all
Maybe you could team up with Planned Emptyhood and the two stupids will cancel each other out...nah you just get Europe, not 4 me! 
Yes! Yes! Yes!
This scenario is like a bunch of kids on a playground playing tag, and one kid -who is the loser- wants to change the rules.
And how does that work when you can't get in to see your doctor or the death panel determines you're too old?
Find me a US ER or hospital that will refuse emergency/life saving services? None because that's an automatic lawsuit.
Lol
Liberal.
Living requires food, water , clothing and shelter. Are those basic needs free as well?
Quit going against your best interest. Don't let republicans brainwash you into thinking that universal healthcare is a bad thing
Tell that to planned parenthood
Right to life is guaranteed in the US Constitution. Except for babies in the womb. They are allowed to be killed.
And live begins at conception. Unless we hold it Sacred there can be no understanding of Human Rights. Sacred And beautiful is this Life
"Nah." -Nancy Pelosi
You don't have a right to get paid if you're a healthcare worker who got laid off by an insurance CO. This dumbass bill does that.
& the most basic gov. responsibility is to ensure that no citizen is denied quality healthcare just bcs of low or no income! #MedicareForAll
There duty is not to ensure that you get money if you're in an unviable sector and get displaced. But these clowns have a fund for insurance
Workers who get laid off?! Why are we paying people who get laid off?! That is bullshit unless we pay everyone who gets laid off, and that's
Not even within the scope of government. So as I figured, this bill reached far beyond healthcare. There's literally a policy to pay people
Who are displaced as a result of what the government is choosing to do! Dude, I don't want my tax money going to a worker who is out due to
Their sector not being viable. If my fund fails, can I get a bailout too? Doubtful.
VIDEO OF NIGERIAN SOLDIERS KILLING AND MALTREATING INNOCENT IGBO PEOPLE IN NIGERIA. WE MUST FIGHT AGAINST ABUSE OF HUMAN RIGHT.
VERY WELL. WE MUST STAND AGAINST AFRICAN GOVERNMENT VIOLATING PEOPLE'S RIGHT. NIGERIA SOLDIERS FOR INSTANCE ARE KILLING THEIR MINORITY.

i would like to add: without physical, treatable pain that may cost money... #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #CatchUpUnitedStates
Just in case my last tweet is misunderstood... this is what I mean... #MedicareForAll :)
Nature has conferred no such Right, but we do have a basic human DUTY to help and protect others. #MedicareForAll
Inalienable rights do not require other individuals to pay for them. "Human rights" is a collectivist construct. #SinglePayer #Medicare4All
You're a tool...
That is, unless you're an unborn baby right?
So if I eat cheeseburgers my whole life and have I heart attack, Joe taxpayer is responsible for my med bills? #MedicareForAll Nope!
True..
i want to double like this post.  So true!!
Pls look at the damage to the Rohingyas in Myanmarr & join the world crusade to stop this heinous "class book" genocide! Say NO to Genocide!
At who's expense?
Single payer system is way more cheaper for everyone. Our current system is a Fraud and a Joke.
To make up your own mind
NEITHER MEDICINE NOR DOCTORS SHOULD BE FOR PROFIT.
Says the rights for abortion leader
Republicans hate that.
Is pro choice*
But is "right to live" same as "right to modern preventative care"?
Maybe verbiage should be "duty to protect"
putting "the the" in there to trigger a more broad reaction to the tweet lol 
