Simply not immaginable for me as a German Citizen with a regulat health care. :( Very sad what happens ins US
When you are on life support, who decides your faith?
My patient disposal.
What? The gov can say waste of tax payer money,
Or do you think we pay the health system by our taxes??? Everyone pay 7% of it's brut salery to the health care.It's not a tax
Yes it's not about taxes we pay taxes too for medicare, police, and etc. But the gov can say something is a waste of tax money.
Again,it's not a http://tax.Health  care is payed by the employee & the employer and has nothing to do with the gov.
LOL. Single payer is paid by taxes.
I am Canadian. I said during US primaries, if @SenSanders ran for office here, he would have been our PM a decade ago.
 there are no excuse why the US can't have health care like us
Because we value freedom and liberity not slavery and gov control.
We have freedom, liberty in Canada so your excuse is moot
Come on, Bernie...everyone has a real story, but not everyone has three houses.
Home in his district - required by law. Home in Washington D.C. Home for retirement with his wife.
your point? He wants to redistribute my wealth, and I only have one house...and not much wealth...
yeah, but look at all the dough his wife came away with....come on, three houses? Do u have 3?
Never owned a home. Couldn't keep up with the Jones. Dow Jones. Inflation. Cost of living. Here's why:
People will die without their health care but you have 3 houses and made $1M last year. Still looking for donations? Don't you feel good?
Hold on…! Do you honestly think that in social democracies there is no free market, private enterprise, some citizens wealthier than others?
These are bots man they support a billionaire but criticize a millionaire who actually earned it and not what his dad gave him
How did Bernie earn a million dollars in Government? He hasn't ever held a private sector job in his life.
He received $868K in royalties for his best-selling book. With his $174K salary, he squeaked past $1M. BTW, that's NOT true about his jobs.
My boi stop trolling your support a BILLIONAIRE stop comparing apples to oranges,trump has NEVER worked period just took daddies money

Let's hear from the state official.
If we can do it in Canada what is wrong with the US? You are one of the richest countries in the world and you can't take care of each other
Please don't forget to remind the @HouseDemocrats that gave us the ACA. #DemExit
You probably don't remember the worst parts of o'care were made as concessions to Repubs and were needed to get anything passed at all.
I remember the Dems having "control" and NOT caring about the people very well. #DemExit
Listen to the country !!! We are riches country and can't or want help its people!!! Why??? Stop counting votes,and help families.
I want to move anywhere but here
Sad,sad story,..repeated again, Republicans are guilty of this and should get a heart. Sooner than later.
Good for you
Move! Ain't no one stopping you!
I want to move to #Canada too. This stuff scares me to death.
Did Jane ever find your tax records?
WHAT ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP'S TAX RETURNS?
Same thing!
My father and his wife have moved to Mexico for the summer to escape the U.S. Good thing Mexico is a better neighbor than we are.
most of my life I worked without health insurance, we should not put the burden on employers, look into how it is done in France, pas mal.
Open the veterans hospital doctors and dentists to medicare and let the military bill medicare a resonable price
I live in UT. Many people are asking others to call Sen Lee's office to thank him. For what? Being so gross it happened to work out for us?
We will never get single payer… If Obama care remains
America is sick. How is it patriotic or loving 2 allow a fellow American 2B denied essential, life-saving health care?

1)Hey I got a reply for you Moshe, why don't you grow a heart and stop hating on everybody who need something?
2) i'll bet it cost you something emotionally that you just hate to give every time someone you know needs something. Is it love?
3) because that's really sad. And if it's money, they should bury all of it with you in your casket, so no one else can have it but you.
4)i'll bet you think the world is full of shiftless lazy people who just need to get off their butts and work as hard as you did, right?
5)because if it cost you so much to get by, well then by God they have to pay too don't they? I knew a man just like you.
6)I hope you don't end up as bitter and alone as he is.
How about we listen to banks that have been victims of bank fraud???  #BankFraudBernie
There's no freaking bank fraud! It's just being investigated because Trump wants to make Sanders look bad. Have you read any info abt it?
Every day a new article come out.  But, you defend Bernie  while attacking Trump while there's more evidence to prosecute him than Trump
@ninaturner "Not just fancy fundraisers"...! Love it...!
It's taking loved ones from us for tax breaks for the rich!
Maybe you wife should look into that
My grandfather will end up like Billy if this bill passes. He has a pacemaker...
How's your Heath care doing Bernie?
Sorry for your loss. May you have comfort no more sorrow.
Me too. Not because I don't have healthcare but because I am sick with disgust at what I am seeing.
Damn, the liberal obamacare screwed her
Shut up!  You won't listen to the stories of those ACA hurt!  Get off your high horse!
@SenSanders Thank you for keeping this conversation going. I don't want to move to Canada but I desperately need help with healthcare.
Or, just listen.
CBO Report proves Trump care is Mean Spirited Hurting Million s Of Americans @UofC @ASlavitt @CREWcrew Lawfirm @SenDeanHeller @SenCapito
Nobody's stopping you
Bernie, Hillary held fancy fundraisers too.Hold her feet and any other Dem who won't pass single payer, even in California @Rendon63rd
I appreciate the California Nurses Association for fighting to adopt single payer in CA. We need doctors, employees for insurance to act too
MANY PROGRESSIVES would like to move to Canada, or any other DEMOCRATIC SOCIALISM that strives putting NEEDS of CITIZENS above CORP $$$
Or take her advice and move to Canada. That works too and would leave me happier.
Or fancy mansions, vacations and bankrupting colleges.
When #Obamacare is launched millions lost their healthcare!! Dems we're ok with that then, now it's a total failure and you want to keep it?
#RepealAndReplace
Hey Bernie you know just as well as i do your not going to pull at conservative heart strings. We put DT in office and we will do it again
It is not for you to decide our fate.
Nothing gets me on board with an agenda quite like shitty anecdotes
Expel Sanders from the US Senate then arrest him
MOVE
like the Democrats did with obamacare?
Universal health care for all USA citizens. Wake up USA!
I urge republicans to save healthcare by forcing Congress to pay for their own insurance & join ACA. @BernieSanders bid not above the law
Yet you've been in office for decades and done nothing in that time but get reelected.
What about the thousands of people that come to America for life saving medical treatments?
life isn't just defrauding a school either or having 3 homes! #DemocratsLiesMatter #shadysanders #MrThirteenAndAHalfPercent
I am sorry for your loss, but you are feeling guilty. I've lost my parents, husband, son - never guarantee, no matter what.
We all have health care stories no matter what party affiliation
A middle aged man delivering pizzas?   This is healthcare's fault for his lack of motivation to find a grown up job with benefits?
Unfortunately Senator Republicans demonstrate they don't care about these peoples' stories, what's left of the middle class, or the poor!
Ms. Koehler, thank you for forfeiting your & your brother's privacy. I am very grateful for your sacrifice & profoundly sorry for your loss.
@realDonaldTrump don't care line his pockets with folks healthcare savings-that's the monster elected, guest he forgot he's the swamp!
Pleaseee move to Canada @SenSanders please

https://www.facebook.com/rowdyrepublican/videos/1471097566304931/ …
Why couldn't get his battery replaced? He delivered pizza? Did he not qualify for Medicaid? Just curious, who was president when died?
But heartless baby killers that they are, they won't be moved by it, right commie?
If we can't fix what's wrong with the ACA, then let us do what Bernie has suggested all along... MEDICARE FOR ALL!!!
People leave Canada to come to the US for better health care regularly for surgery, cancer treatments. 
Universal Health Care is a jib! There is nothing good about it!
KEEP OBAMACARE
two party corrupt system of greed and more greed your and independent be one.forget both parties follow the money and you'll find corruption
Stick it up your you know what.
We all know they don't give a damn.
Fancy fundraisers? Haha yeah remember that guy who announced his presidential campaign in front of a regatta.
Please retweet these stories as much as possible. They ALL need to be heard, not ignored or passed over.
He didn't pass he was murdered by a system that tells poor people your not good enough to live your not important enough for health care!
Still waiting on an answer as to why we can't have the same healthcare as you Senator?
Obstruction by @SenateDems: Using cloture to "sabotage the @POTUS Presidency." @WSJopinion https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/07/11/wsj-editorial-running-schumer-blockade …
Tough shit You should have worked harder when you were younger to be able to afford health insurance This is not a socialist welfare country
RIP Billy.
Democrat fundraising is ridiculous. Please stop with the BS , BS.
That man would have been under Medicare which fully pays for Defibrillators
Move see how social health care treats you you'll be back begging.
Sadly, I want to move to Canada also.
Stop teasing with your promises
I don't think you want to go there
If your not happy with the bill. Drag your ass to work and join the GOP and fix it. While your at it drag some of your DEM asses with you
That's actually a good point. Meanwhile, Pence is already campaigning for 2020.
And mess up their dream of reversing us back to the days of robber barons?
Listen to the Founding Fathers and Father Trump. MAGA. Minimize government influence in our lives. Say no to communism
statistically insignificant anecdotal stories are totes the thing for whipping the sheep into a frenzy. keep up the good work Bernie #Resist
They are. That's why they want the obamacare repeal: so people can AFFORD health insurance again. Are you drunk again?
It's also not owning three houses. Can't wait to see you and your wife in prison for fraud.
I'm sorry Bern ... Obama is in DC for what again? Terrible hypocrite
Republicans only goal is to repeal the A.C.A. Tax cut for the wealthiest.
Would be ironic if someone supporting this anti-healthcare attitude gets sick but can't afford the treatment
Try a new slogan like KEEPAMERICAGREATAGAIN
@RepJohnFaso take note. Only showing up for fundraisers and refusing to hold any #TownHall meetings = single term #2018
The language of patient advocates /
Patients Rights ( cross borders)
Literally nobody goes to Canada for healthcare. The opposite actually. Canadians flood us for healthcare
Listen to the people who have it and can't use it ...thanks for nothing
Did you listen to anyone who was kicked off when youvoted for Obamacare. Answer is no because democrats lied and said they could keep plan
@SplitRight22: @MoveOn Obamacare has already slaughtered millions with its eminent collapse. The GOP bill will save lives
You can have him! Along with Pelosi, Warren and Shultz!

'Fancy Fundraisers'?  Look who is tossing stones at a glass house...!  Unreal, old man - truly unreal.
You're a socialist which is 1 step away from communist. You failed your voters during the presidential election. You're an old man go to bed
I suggest Pelosi and Feinstein do the same.
You realize that's not sanders saying "I want to go to Canada" Do you even know what Sen Sanders looks like?
i urge bernie sanders not to get dragged into defending a bill designed to limit care and maximize insurance company profit #singlepayer.
That's the sad reality of the US today. Jobs don't provide ft work and hc like when I was growing up.
My uncle just past away on the 4th of July as a result of it. Thank you @SenSanders for speaking up for those who can not.
What is unethical, is the way the rich & privileged treat low income folks in America. We live the nightmare every day.
How about you pull up your big boy pants and change your situation?
Screw off #Fascist - You are one of the problems with America!
Congressional healthcare needs to be dissolved & choose a plan that is offered under the Affordable Healthcare: public service & leadership.
NO ! Life's a "Bitch" under Obama Care.
Think the GOP is counting on the poor and those with PE conditions to die off quickly, eliminating the problem!
Life is not just bank fraud either Bernie.


Is that why Canadians come to America to get major surgeries?

@SpeakerRyan @GOP Here's a Trump DEATHCARE victim! U will be responsible for her life & should be tried for murder if U take her care away
They don't get it Bernie!! They care more about party.Not about American's lives!
And the republicans wont pay to fix Obamacare either or they will lose elections. TAX PAYERS HAVE HAD IT. BERNIE SUPPORTERS GOOGLE IT
HERO FIRST RESPNDER & TOP RADIO PERSONALITY GREW UP NEXT 2 MUNITIONS PLANT, FOUND 2 BE LOADED w/DEPLETED & ENRICHED URANIUM #ME #24SURGERIES
NOT ONE BUDGET SANDERS AND NOT ONE WORD FEOM YOU. YOU ARE A FRAUD. YOU WILL LOSE YOU RUN AGAIN. A PINEAPPLE CAN BEAT YOU. HYPOCRITE!!!

We listen but have you REALLY TALK to people who had Obumba-care. Mmmm.







You voted FOR OBAMA. SANDERS SUPPORTED OBAMA AND ALL HIS SPENDING. GO TO CANADA. ENJOY CANADA, PLEASE TAKE BERNIE WITH YOU!!
My family DYING under Obamacare, someone save us from Bernie and the Dems!


Dems took it away by passing the failed experiment known as Obamacare,its imploding on its own.Millions have lost their doctors/healthcare
Calling all republicans to show some human  compassion. Get to work on a plan that helps America, not bring it down.
How much did you pay these people?
Medicaid under obamacare grows by 300 billion to nearly 700 billion a year in 10 years if something isn't done but democrats don't care.
then stop having funds raisiers @SenSanders
How about you answer the question in this video you con artist https://www.facebook.com/TheDeclarationIJR/videos/10155864135002971/ …
They don't care about people or their stories!
I hope that I can follow @SenSanders lead and be a champion for the people. The power of people is greater than all the money in the world.
Most Canadian politicians now agree that Trump is a nut case. The best of the GOP? Now we know the level of the rest of those lying crooks.
I encourage all democrats to move to Canada
soon that will be every American, dt is destroying the GOP party 1 tweet at a time each and every day. there is an exodus of gop voters
You keep thinking that buddy. Clinton and Obama destroyed the Democratic Party and now we have Trump. Thank goodness
You sold out to Hillary. How about stop talking?
You all should be ashamed of yourselves-and you, Senator are no better then the others. All talk and no action.
That is incomprehensible to me. What kind of people are these running health care in the US??
Private companies who care about $$$ over people, what did you expect?
Only Republicans? ALL of you need to get off of your high horses and remember that you're in office to serve the people, not yourselves.
Just look at her shes a full blown liberal of course shes gonna wine
Bernie. Listen to health stories of people like myself who cannot go to a doctor as my premiums are too high for me to afford my deductible.
Georganne, I am so sorry. I'm sorry that as a country & as people that we have not done better for people like Billy. I'm just so sorry 
I'm a retired public teacher.  ACA only raised my premiums and out of pocket expenses. Socialism is a cancer eating America.
Our government has gotten worse since congress allowed themselves insider trading and money became the only issue.
Even in your Communist utopia you can find sad stories
You didn't even watch the video, genius.

MOVE then
don't give Republicans any ideas they would relish having people move to Canada!!!!
I say tell Bernie to share his wealth you all practice what he preached
Bernie you have more faith in the system than I do.i only thing I would say to all GOP and most dems is step aside.this gov is dysfunctional
Bet she's a closet pussy hat wearer
Coming from Bank Fraud Bernie really means a lot
the thing is your republican colleagues don't give a flying fig about any of these people or their stories-4 them, life IS fancy fundraisers
Bernie - Don't have a flashy infomercial, but my premiums and deductibles have tripled.  I can't afford to go to the doctor.
Being ill has become a luxury millions of people can't afford in the US
Absolutely right. It's sad. Just like no 1 can afford to hire an attorney if they need one. This all started with Reagan. He busted unions.
Here goes the blame game
I would not be able to afford my asthma medication under the new health bill. I have a preexisting condition so I guess I don't matter.
Problem is that they hate too much and they have to win. Even if they are wrong.
Then move!!!!!!!
You are so obtuse, this is because of poor obama care and you refuse to fix anything just complain so knock it off and rob a bank
It's the republicans fault again. Send a post card from Canada
Bernie hopefully they throw ur wife in jail its unbelievable u people think ur above the law
How can you deny health care to your people and then turn around and call urself a Christian nation! Should be a bipartisan effort
#ACA
If US stops spending so much money invading sovereign countries they could afford healthcare for all their citizens
Rare photos: Massive US Airbase established in northern #Syria https://aml.ink/Zx7WL 
I'd pay good money if ANY republican watches the video u posted.  They are the no empathy party (accept for a very few).
Democrats full of lies
I cry when I hear of people's hardships trying to pay for healthcare. This is America and GOP doesn't want everyone covered Do same coverage
How do we pay for it without stealing from the working class? Ya'll think it's so easy "health care for everyone"
Come on up! We have lots of room!
Funny you never wanted to listen to the millions that lost their coverage because of Obamacare. How many millions died because of you. Liar.
