Bernie has 3 houses. Wife was head of a college that wants the government to help her keep her high paying job.  Hypocrites!
For your reading pleasure. http://millennial-review.com/2017/03/21/anti-bernie-sanders/ …
Just because he isn't as rich as some does not mean he isn't a rich hypocrite.  Most people in US don't have 3 homes.  R U rich?
It's not wrong to be wealthy! It is wrong to further corporatism which he is not guilty of!
That's cause he and his wife have always lived off the government all their lives.  They lived off you and me and every other tax payer.
Where else should he get salary?
You are as uneducated as a rock. How about working for someone other than the gov't. Why should taxpayers have to pay them.  Hypocrites.
Btw, how am I uneducated? What did I say that was factually incorrect?
Go away you foolish old man! You have THREE houses! You keep getting richer and richer! You part of the problem!
Why is it wrong to have more than one house and fight to protect the middle and lower classes. It's only ok for the wealthy?
When he preaches against the wealthy when he is one of the wealthy & pushes socialism but not for him or his  he's exposed as a hypocrite
Prove he is wealthy and that he would be exempt from it.
He has three houses and a very expensive sports car but wants socialism for everyone do you understand what socialism is?
If he established socialism, taxes would affect him too. It's not a give and take.
You Ave NO ideal what your talking about and socialism look Venezuela that's an example of socialism
Maybe you don't know what you are talking about. Venezuela seems to be a study in corruption not socialism.
We had zero hope for the last 8 years and excessive deteriation of society. The middle class has been gone, you said so yourself. #SethRich
And it was the obstructionist GOP. That is responsible.
I see very little difference between the parties. It's the establishment vs the people.
Well,the last time the Dems had presidency and House, ACA was passed. Unfortunately, people fell for the GOP line and we now have the  1)
No one is denying some of the Dems are rich. However, they do have concern for the middle/lower class. How did ACA destroy us financially?
I said my family. We couldn't pay for insurance that went from $800 to $1600 a month. I know I am not alone in this.
Where did you say my family?  Do you know what the premium would have been absent the ACA? Also did it have same coverage as ACA?
It was about my experience It doubled as soon as ACA passed & we were told this was the reason. We lost it, the insurance was better b4 aca
Yo pay 13% Federal taxes.... Go away scum!
At least you know what he pays, unlike the scum in the White House 
Why is that? There's many reasons but the one I'll point out is he called our own president a foreigner & wanted proof he was born here.
How can a country even think of being great when they want to deprive the poor of food and health care and then give tax breaks to the rich.
You sure got richer,  didn't ya hypocrite?
How many houses do u own now on your  senator salary?
you even done research? An apartment for work in DC, a regular middle class home and a retirement home in the woods
What r u rambling about?
he's in his 70s! Anyone who works for the gov for their entire life can save up enough to buy a retirement home...
You tell 'me @SenSanders !!!
You're doing pretty good for yourself. What have you contributed to justify it?
21 TRILLION,IN DEBT ,,UNDER DEMOCRATS 8 YEARS
That's what we had with our last prez. Now we have a representative for the middle class finally.
Of course it is... just look at who bribes @GOP AND @DNC into treason!
A political approach doesn't always work. Take the social approach first, guide the people who CAN help make the change. Let's talk.
Bernie; move from equity of life to equity of opportunity, ensure individual rights trump collective and go small government. Until then 
You are foolish if you think the current administration is trying to accomplish that.The rights they are protecting are of the mega wealthy.
Class warfare rhetoric is wear thin and now only emotionally dysregulated with psychotic break is pay any heed.
"Psychotic btreak is pay..." ??? Reread your tweets, you are not making sense.
Boris is use small word so you can make sense:
"Only over-emotional person is worry about faux issue of class warfare"
You are understand?
Take your faux accent elsewhere. It is less than smart and certainly not amusing. You are blocked.
Maybe we should stop feeding them.
Just like every budget in the history of the USA
animals
Nope. Over 50% of this country is making just $50,000 a year. The median income is getting lower every year since the 70s.
Next time don't split the party and this won't happen
Because Hillary is sooo progressive and not a corporate hack and would actually care about the middle class.
Hate on Hillary all you want. 1 thing I can assure u: we wouldn't be in this clusterfuck
Do you get it? She WAS the nominee and she lost to a man with the highest disapproval rating in history! Bernie is not the reason Trump one.
Bernie or fucking busts are the reason why she lost. Yup it's kind of his fault. He attacked her left and right during the primaries
For your reading pleasure. http://millennial-review.com/2017/03/21/anti-bernie-sanders/ …
Show me where he said its wrong to be wealthy. Anything.
You own 3 houses.
And you possess a low IQ
Bush admitted it 17 years ago: Millionaires and billionaires are the @GOP base. That's who they work for, not regular Americans.
Regular Americans don't hire regular Americans.
Neither do most millionaires and billionaires. Business works to minimize expenses, they hire the cheapest, and the fewest workers possible.
Ok, but nobody has to accept that wage.  The mean wage is around $53,000 a year.
Still doesn't explain how killing healthcare to give the money to millionaires and billionaires helps the majority of Americans. Benefits 1%
No healthcare was killed, the Un-Affordable healthcare plan is imploding, costs up 116% for middle class in AZ
Then you should be happy, under Trumpcare rates will rise avg. $3,200, $18,000 for seniors, assuming you can get covered at all. 1/2
2/2 And you fail to explain how giving almost a trillion dollars in tax cuts to millionaires and billionaires will improve the situation.
YES ,,YES ,,TAX ALL THE CORPORATIONS 70% WHO DONATED TO DNC ,DEMOCRATS,
@facebook 
@amazon 
@verizon 
@pepsi 

TAX THE SHIT OUT OF THEM
You make no sense, Socialist Sanders.
Blackstone using 1%ers & Saudi Arabia money to invest infrastructure is
A pivotal blow to mid class&poor by giving1% control of basic needs
Government is making them rich by direct transfers of wealth through cronyism. Wake up you nut. Cutting government is good for the poor.

Lmfao I'm sorry but that's not true hahaha fake news where did u get that info lmfao I swear some believe everything they read
The Bible says it is easier for a poor man to pass through an eye of a needle than a rich man: too bad 4 homes don't fit in coffin!
"4 homes"…? Wha…!?!
Says the man who got paid off by the Clinton's with a snazzy new house (#3) and new car.  Socialism is a serious disease and you're dying.
Moron
Your ideology is responsible for the deaths of millions.
Dumbest tweet of the day. Congratulations

You are rich millionaire too so be quiet and go help Potus. You starting to look like you took the G.Soros HRClinton payoff .
His net worth as of 2016 was 120,000 dollars. Also telling him to not try and help the poor because he has money himself is insane.
Socialism don't help nothing. He wanna help. Let's talk about the crooked ass federalReserve and the IRS. Help stop that
Give everything you have to the poor, Bernie. Or maybe just one of your three houses.
He is the least wealthy politician in Washington DC. Think about this.
He's the 19th "poorest" in the Senate. There are others in the House.
Stop trying to out liberal other people. It looks pathetic.
Yes because he's the worst we've ever had in office. The people who supported this ass should be ashamed of themselves.
You are very rich:
Sez the millionaire socialist.
Smh
Are you writing off the new Clinton bribe?
Would taking everyone's money make you happy Bernie if so let's start with you!
Pot meet kettle
Your goal is free medical care and food stamps for all, except millionaires! Who gonna pay sir?
can I live in one of your 3 mansions bernie.
And Bernie Sanders
I immediately lose respect for anyone that believes this garbage being spewed from this senile old coot.
Keep up the fight Bernie, we believe in you.
@Rich_893 their lives must really suck if money is their only satisfaction.
Yes. And to cover the emptiness they think they need even more money!
FLAT TAXES 1 ASSISTANT TO A SENATOR
Can't wait until God puts these rich white men in slavery for their crimes. Justice and we'll treat them the same way.
Go on Bernie you know you want America to be like Venezuela. How do you achieve that= freebies = socialists. You know commies. Truth bud
another thing, your policies have contributed to the MC entering the bottom class
you are one of the wealthy, how about if you're so concerned, you donate your wealth to the treasury!
What about the poor...
Did you tweet this from your $600K vacation home?
House and Senate Republicans are colluding with Trump to conceal Treason. Vote them out
So Bern it's your kind of a millionaires budget! Suppose your looking for another mansion for you and your Bank Fraud wife!
So says the guy who has like 5 homes and never had a job outside of government or owned a business or balanced a budget. Propaganda here
It makes me so fucking hard when politicians pretend they're "one of us" and they actually give a shit.
https://twitter.com/JDB10101/status/867340788887412737 …
https://twitter.com/JDB10101/status/867085256435920896 …
https://twitter.com/JDB10101/status/867065024300408832 …
Putin's CyberWar Candidates provided voters around the world is longer, & Le Pen the only election loser. Know your enemy/Putin & traitors. 
And what are you doing to share your wealth?
He conned everyone who he promised to help then turned on them like a rabid dog. He is actively trying to kill off the poor.
EVERYTHING is about "the billionaires, Wall Street and CEOs"..
This budget is a fraud. It doesn't balance on top of being the cruelest thing ever. Medicaid is critical to seniors needing nursinghome care
The poor stay poor because of their mind set and government programs that incentivize them to stay in there current situation.
#bernie2020 or bust
Socialist math sounds great until those who create commerce throw their hands up in frustration and say f@&k it. Then you get Venezuela.
Great ! Obama and Hillary will be getting more speaking gigs. You of course sold out for a beech house.
Bernie, thank you for standing up!
You are a liar! Stop lying Bernie.
bernie what are you going to do about the espionage of the Obama administration spying on you and other Americans? 4th amemdment
There seems to be a global attempt by those we refer to as "the elite" to grab as much as possible and as quickly as possible.
Don't forget the loopholes that enable dirty money laundering to please Trump's associates in various 'mobs'!
you talking about it is really ridiculous, you, who buy many expensive houses just for fun!
Middle class couldn't shrink any more than it did with obama and your friends you hypocrite!
Stop your lying you fraud- you're not out for anyone but yourself and your corrupt party
This is exactly what improves Economies. Wish UK could learn from that.....
.You mean Barack Obama and his 400,000 which is payment for his support of Wall St?
Bernie, please be honest!
Bernie you're senile
You're part of that rich getting richer lol.
No war but the class war
Sure Bernie, sure
We need growth and jobs not handouts.
Yes but apparently the older budget didn't help the middle class either
NO!! Vote NO!
Grrrr!!
Who do you think is paying for national defense, you socialist faker? certainly not the lower classes.
#TrickleDown is forcing us Raise #Taxes Locally B/C R #Infrastructure is falling apart & #Taxcuts 4 1% is Taxing us 2 Death! #NoMoreTaxCuts
Perfect for you then huh?
Democrats have got to fight this budget! Work with the GOP who are uneasy with it also and all keep talking at town halls and on TV
I'm middle class. What's the problem?
Lower middle class. Not with a bunch of money in the bank.
you are a freak you own three homes how can anyone support you? Of course you're not as bad as Elizabeth "Pocahontas" Warren
You are one smart dude to generally stick to policy stuff while most Dems cream themselves in Russia nonsense...
Same old, tired, false talking points. The middle class, cares about the middle class. Not trying to divide us against other classes
Your party is the party of the rich. Ask soros
The middle class is shrinking because the older members are dying and the lower class is not able to prosper enough to move up.
Good people need opportunities, not handouts.
It's strange you are talking about this when no one has investigated the murder of DNC Staffer & Bernie supporter #SethRich.
Obviously, people haven't been listening to Trump!
Where's your financial records THEY ARE REQUIRED BY LAW not like Trump taxes NOT REQUIRED Plus he pays higher tax than you!
How does his brain generate enough power to move his legs?
Liberal socialist lying pos
Bernie what have you ever done for the middle class?
Related: George Soros doesn't pay US taxes.
1800 union members in NYC on strike and the  charter CEO TOM RUTLEDGE made $99 million last year #spectrumstrike
Wealth gap got worse than ever under socialism (Obama) by design. Time to motivate people to get off welfare. Taxes kill motivation to work.

Bernie sanders sucks
This budget is inclusive but what about us?

Isn't your wife under investigation for bank fraud? Shut up old man.
Key word is investigation. Being investigated for something doesn't make you guilty.
Go buy another house with your payoff money, sir. Sellout!
U are living in lala land Bernie. You have no concept of how most of us live. I mean, how many houses do you have. Most people have 1..maybe
Old white man with 3 mansions acting like he relates with everyday struggling folks
Since ur such a great economist, how abt debate w you & @LarryKudlowShow? Many Venezuelans will speak 4 ur ideas. #nofood #dyingkids #ruined
How much do you donate bernie?? Let me see your tax returns to your contributions!!! Do you Donate your paycheck as OUR PRESIDENT DOES??
Hello Bernie? Venezuela is calling. Said they could use a man of your IQ to help ruin, meant run, their country!
And you too, Bernie, rich guy!
Surprised, anyone?
If this keeps up this nurse pracitioner is going to pack up and take her skills to another country, again!
ur right
#sethrich believed in you more than you believe in yourself,shame
How so exactly?
Stealing money fact check
How many houses you own again?
Here u go again BS.. Bourgeoisie v Proletariat. Communism. Venezuela. Learn from other's mistakes. Don't listen to Bernie
Bernie just stop. Democrats are the worst threat to the middle class and they nearly wiped it out the last decade.
YOU OWN 3 HOUSES!!! wtf would you know! Sellout Sanders.
I don't know Bernie. You look like your doing great. How do you make so much money being a politician? A little graft-right? Just enough?
Funny coming from a rich man, glad you understand the common man. Oh, wait...you want to give everybody's money to those that don't do shit
Agree completely my question is would it have been any different under Hrc imo it wouldnt have...
Trumps cuts to social security is outrageous he needs to go
if you and jane keep gaming the system, you might get there yet
Bernie fighting. That's laughable
I'm with ya, but I feel like they outnumber me & they have more clout.
let's work together to stop them
Former freeloader says what?
Billionaire like congressmen an senator's getting wealthy off the poor. Cut benefits of Congress an Senate.
Mr Bernie what you're suggesting applied to Obamas adm middle class are soken
#JusticeForSethRich #JusticeForSethRich #JusticeForSethRich #JusticeForSethRich #JusticeForSethRich #JusticeForSethRich #JusticeForSethRich
Including you supporting your new cars and homes when there's people who don't have any vehicles or homes share your wealth like Obama said
The Rich got richer under Prez Obama & Dems..you ran as a dem.. you have 3 houses now..see how that works? I'm in my same house paying taxes
Yeah, because the wealth will trickle down, like it did with Reagan, right? Hard to believe some people still buy that.
You're here with your buddy Evo from Bolivia, how is your other BFF @NicolasMaduro from Venezuela? #BernieSoldOut #SethRich
Dumb ass it's because you clowns rose the cost of living massively on all us. You super rich elitist clown
Bernie lives in a van down by the river.
Hey Bernie...can I come and stay in one of your 3 houses?
I thought all that changed under Obama and everything was great!  

You are suggesting he did a bad job?
Hey Bernie, it is time the likes of you stop spending my money.  The budget is not deep enough.  Head off to your house on the lake. Shut IT
Dumb A take a look at #Venezuela thats where we are headed. #socialism sucks

And you are one of the "getting richer"...
When will you make comment on your huge supporter #SethRich ?? Why dont you want his murder solved?
#FreeHealthcare #FreeHouse #FreeFood. Who will work 4 the #FreeStuff for the #LazyAss #AllRightNoDuty #Libtards #20TrillionDebt. #WhoPaysIt?
Did you stand with middle class?
You are for #LazyBums and #Libtards who want to #MilkTheSystem. Why don't you tell them to #RightToWork. 
same ol' BS Bernie -
The reason the rich got richer is because Obama Regulated and Gave Away all the Good High Paying Jobs.
Yes! #CountryOverParty
Instit'izd 1% #privilege +  #inequality  $$$ in politics. That plus misinfo fraying t/fabric that binds #America.
But probably no different to Hillary Clinton
If Trump left the current budget in place you'd say that. Oh wait, you did before you sold out!!!
The problem:Federal budgets,either party,for 40 years,have been for billionaires.Root problem:How money is made.Too much Wall St no Main St.
LIAR
Why did you relinquish campaign funds to Crooked Hillary? Why did you accept expensive gifts from her? Now DNC is being sued for damages.
Please tell us how all politicians leave Washington a lot more wealthy then when they got there. Making 6 figures lol.. #crooks
Bernie got richer off of the DNC & Hillary during election.  Has never sponsored any legislation to stop ppl like him from getting rich.
How's the lake house ?!
Bern!
Bernie, when are u going to wake up and realize ur socialist agenda has been rejected?
Provide d by a gov of rich lawyers and stocktraders run by a billionare
So call your representatives and tell them everyone!!
Same lies that it's women w/kids on food stamps & folks in need w/out power hurting country while corporate welfare "subsidies" cost way mor
If this budget and tax code favors the rich, how did you acquire your wealth over past 8 years? Three homes?
Sounds more like
"Reign the Swamp"
Lmao. Keep pandering old man. Keep pulling on the emotional heartstrings of the upper middle class for your own en"rich"ment.
The immorality of Trump's budget blows my mind.
Broken record Bernie.
Well Bern your buddies the democrats did it.
But didn't all that shrinkage happen while you socialists spent more and more taxpayer money over the last 8 years?
Do your supporters a favor - do America a favor! Load some planes and LEAVE! Move to a nice socialist utopia like Venezuela! or go to Europe
no it isnt! it tax reform for all.  You just dont want your pension to go away like it says you will in the budget
......said the guy with 3 houses.
Why is it Bern, that Wall Street bankers overwhelmingly support Democrats?
Aren't you sad about the fact that #HRC stole the election from you #SethRich
You're a fraud. Nothing you say makes any sense & it's false. PLS GO AWAY!!!!
Be sure to fight so you can keep on keeping on with your THREE HOUSES! BTW... how much richer are you AFTER your run for the WH? FILE DAFORM
Bern will assure the wealth continues to flow to DC, so he, bureaucrats, and their donors continue getting rich off the little people.Clown.
