I do not support for myself and everyone to pay for others healthcare. Therefore, Obamacare must be repealed and replaced.
I've got bad news for you about education, roads, police protection, firemen, and the milliary.
I was talking about healthcare. Can you read?
But it's fine to pay for other people's access to police? Why? What's the difference?
Yes it is . I support the police I do not support the healthcare for all.
Even before ACA you paid for other people's healthcare, that's how insurance works. They paid for yours too.
Nobody has ever paid for my insurance but myself.
Why is it always a "fight"? What happened to coming together to do what's best for the people of the US? The political PREJUDICE has to stop
Being prejudiced against being wrong is a good thing. The problem lies with each side disagreeing what is right
That's the problem, there aren't supposed to be two sides. We are not all D's or R's but we are all Americans. #StopSeparation
There's plenty of sides. We're not at war but that doesn't mean we're gonna cuddle under the sheets. "All Americans" is a vague category
Our government is supposed to do what's best for "ALL Americans". If you are not a citizen then you are not an American. Nothing vague.
Being a citizen tells us nothing about what's good for that citizen.The interest of a millionaire are different than a single mom with 3kids
Unless the single mom is a millionaire. Why do you want to keep separating people into small groups? Let's do what best for ALL.
So what are you actually advocating policy wise? Because vague nonsense and rhetoric doesn't help anyone
Bernie if you really cared about healthcare for people that works then you should sit down with your president his name is Trump
Well that's stupid he does want to get everything fixed because he loves getting the praise afterwards that's why he did what he did last wk
See right there you said Trump's awesome cuz he said the Democrats will come to him like Bernie see Trump solves problems he's a businessman
Right now if you go in an ER you cannot be refused treatment it's in their oath so no one's going without Healthcare right now
You would have to look through the Yellow Pages for a clinic that's how it worked little girl
Bernie has been drinking to much
The only person I am fighting is you and your socialistic ideology along with the other idiots in the Democratic Party.
Your health care needs to be taken away so you know how the American people feel
Anyone see Ted Cruz debate @SenSanders on ACA where Bernie had to admit that it really wasn't affordable and the savings promise was JUST ANOTHER LIE! @tedcruz 
We need universal health care
Fraud. It needs to be repealed, and replaced. Ocare killed our coverage.
Let's write, tweet, FB our Congress & Senators
Also CALL. http://5call.org  makes it easy
*Yipes! Bad link! It's http://5calls.org  Also: http://Trumpcare http://ten.org  & http://trumpcaretoolkit are GREAT resources.
News flash,man! Our healthcare is broken and you allowed it to happen! Get your head out from smelling ! Work w/ Republicans to FIX it!
Keep fighting the good fight @sensanders
OUR healthcare...R U on Obamacare??
Time for you and your stupid advice to get out politics Bernie!
#notmyhealthcare
What health care?!!!!
Why should I have to support people that want to be lazy. Thats what you want. you want everyone to be lazy and to feed off the government
How do you fight back when your house and senate don’t care?
Mmmmmm
Our health got destroyed by obamacare! Gevernment should stay the hell out of it!
Byes and democrats have to protect us.
It's up to a couple GOP members to decide. You are insignificant.
Fight for us! Before they kill us
True. Fight the people that don't work and want all benefits for free. Nothing is free in life.
I work 40 or more hours a week.
What should we do if we have democratic senators and a house member who doesn't like working people?
Call. Urge Dems 2 WITHOLD CONSENT. Let GOP rep kno yr opinion. Reps/Sens share contact counts. Make them feel the .
Done
Republicans once again sneaky sneaky sneaky !!! Why don't they want us to have healthcare
You've lost all credibility, especially with that 1987 video of you saying "Medicare for all would bankrupt the country." Damage, control.
You might want to stop getting news off youtube videos now.
You need to shelf *Medicare for All* for 2 weeks while we fight the repeal of ACA. STEP ASIDE FOR NOW....SAVE ACA.

GOP has votes to repeal #healthcare of millions according to founder of The Democratic Coalition!

RT To Stop Them!
Good....
Dearest Benrnie with all my respect and Love, what do we do next. they government has allowed him to get by with everything.. what can we do
Stand Tall! Do not give Up! EB
I will die trying.. I will never give up !
Thank You! We Must help! EB
I work hard everyday for myself and my family. I don't work for people that think every day's a party.
If Obamacare is so good, why don't you use it? Instead, you use elite, expensive, taxpayer-funded health insurance.
Your plan will destroy us all!!!
Imagine if we had a president that wouldn't sign such a hateful bill. Too bad you didn't foresee this when you kept attacking Hillary
Do it yourself: work your way up, hold on to your ideals, make changes.
Cant rely on someone else to do it. See how well that works
That'll just get u arrested
Have to work with the system that is place. It's a lifetime of hard work & you might never accomplish anything
Sorta, more that if you understand procedural investigational practice you can circumvent it.
I think we've lost sight of the issue..
You have your own free health care that is not Obama Care, so what do you mean our health care??
. Well Sanders with your money you don't have to worry about health care so why are you trying to destroy America
We need to preserve it so that u can destroy it with single payer? 
Doctors kill your healthcare!!!! It's sickcare!!!!!
Republican's don't understand Ghostbusters' Rule of Helping People:  You'll be saving the lives of millions of registered voters!
Get your crowds together Bernie. Hold some rallies. Stop the inaction. Call for impeachment. Go back on the road. Travel with Jimmy K.
Take the control away from the ins. Co. Why ALLOW them to exclude areas. Mandate, ALL OR NONE , insure in 1 county, they must offer in ALL
Are u kidding,Where s the money going 2 come 2 keep paying 4 the health care of millions of illegal d under Obamacare get everything free!


Took one Obamacare patient myself in 2016. Still waiting to be paid my $500. I give up
What health care? Self employed in AZ had to pay for my own corneal transplant because no doctors on Obamacare.
You say "our" like your not exempt from Obamacare and don't have government funded healthcare.
How? I am in Washington State, what can I do?
Can I get a -B
We can't afford you either. You're not Robin Hood. Stop acting like it.
Socialism destroys good healthcare
Bright hard.
Obama care is a horrible money grubbing system designed to break us. Shame in u Bernie
Cannot let this travesty happen!!
Amen ..
Repeal Obama care! It's killing us!!
Pretend president who hasn't passed any legislation, constructive or otherwise, and a GOP senate/congress in the same boat.  They need to go
Please don't let them make Americans suffer and die!
Please retire.
How about single payer for those that want it thru the VA Hospital system? For those of us who want more: 2-tier, private system.
Our health care is ALREADY destroyed!!!!
(202) 224-3121
Tell senators vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill & no using kids as human shields. Don't harm veterans, seniors, disabled.
The Commie Bastard has Spoken
Mostly, I just see 2 kindergarten classes fighting. What if both parties worked to fix root causes, systemic problems not golden band-aides.
Keep fighting the good fight Mr Sanders I got your back
It's not only economics. People's lives r at stake. No health insurance then people die
(((MUH WEVOWOOOOOTION)))
Should have thought of THAT before you handed the RIGGED primary over to Hillary.
Just dont force me to have it. And fine me if I don't. It's my choice and right to decide that not congress
Down with obama care down with free shit for people that dont contribute
You share the blame for the predicament  this country is currently facing. Self serving geezer.
We need you to retire . You are hurting the USA
Should have thought further ahead than just tripping up Secretary Clinton in your bitter way.
@StephMillerShow hello??
hahaha.  ACA already destroyed it
There won't be any good, there will be even more uninsured and no doctors to choose from. It's a plan to kill the middle class, the backbone
If you want to be elected President , start working with everyone in Senate and Congress regardless of party affliation. Feel the Bern !
Need to replace it,just like Obama.
Both are weak and incompetent
What's the replace part of their plan?  Not what is good for us, but what is good for them is my thought. They forget they work for US!
Whatever bill they pass for healthcare. Make congress and senate use it for one year. And if they hate it then you know we will too!
Americans couldn't financially servive his healthcare system.  We can hardly afford ObamaCare!
HOWABOUT you pay for all the deadbeat healthcare. So glad you lost. We'd already be broke
Hey Bernie...How was that HONEYMOON U& WIFEY SPENT TOGETHER....in the USSR..?TROJAN HORSE BERNIE! beautiful thing being near comrades..yes?!
You mean the O-care that was designed to fail? The O-care that was never intended to be sustainable? That O-Care? You want to keep O-care?
Where are your tax returns Bernie? You and trump are no different. #hypocrite
#NeverRepeal
Burns you plan would bankrupt us so why not retire and hope you have a wife who is not in jail to spend the time and ALL her money with
Too late...you already destroyed it
it isn't healthcare, you loser. its health insurance.  how long have you been this clueless????
Thank God we have both Senators Warren and Sanders on our side as we stop the repeal of Obama care. We need everyone to fight the good fight
You became a hateful man anything that trump comes up you are totally against even ìf it does good

