Congratulations. You are absolutely right
Overall the USA is ranked 34th in taxes as compared to other countries. FACTS.
No, George, ur wrong. Mst things in this cntry must be paid for somehow-how do you propose tht happens w/o taxes? Corps & 1% escape taxes!
Why should someone be taxed twice?
People are taxed more than twice.
Estate tax is robbery imo. That money has already been taxed. No reason to have the gov take more of it bc you want it to be inheritance.
Check out #5.
I didn’t know this, so thank you. Do they tax the entire estate or just the unrealized capital gains?
Not sure. I'm failing at google atm. I assume there are various loopholes.
We must not repeal the estate tax! It will totally destroy our democracy!
Trump doesn't have a tax plan, he has a make money for his friends plan.

END OF STORY
The estate tax only applies individuals w/ combined gross assets exceeding $5.45 million (double for couples)!
Trump's tax plan will be devastating for our country & our economy. This is what we really need...
Really American is not really American... it's really looney left liberal propaganda
You don't really understand the estate tax do you? Unless you're a billionaire you will see no tax cut.
Apparently I understand it better than you. Paid it when my parents passed ..... and they damned sure weren't billionaires.
I hope you are smart enough to realize you are lying, Donald Trump would not benefit from the tax cuts, he would be dead
Having no voice for 4 years. Republicans were so sick and tired and angry that not only a democrat but a black one - won they were willing
You do realize that white republicans voted for Obama don’t you? Racist Much!
Yeah but the 1s who voted 4 Trump did so out of anger & fear. Would u elect Trump 2 live w/u?  would u allow him to hang w/your kids alone?
I honestly don’t get caught up with emotion like those on left would you let Bill Clinton move in with you and your kids
No I sure wouldn’t & I wouldn’t vote for him knowing what we know now. But people voted for Trump knowing he was an arrogant perv.
The rich are just getting richer. Soon there will be a global rebellion against billionaires unless they spend all of their wealth wisely
are you jealous that some people have been successful?
Hoarding billions is not a definition of success but a sign of insecurity. Cannot take it to the grave so do some bloody good with it.
Do let people tell you what to do with your possessions?
It’s hilarious they don’t think a 1 Billion dollar death tax on 2.6 Billion in wealth is outrageous. Handing money to govt. isn’t righteous.
Especially after the individual paid taxes on the 2.6 billion already
Bernie it will save your bankfraud money
So if it in any way benefits the super rich we shouldn’t do it even though it would also benefit the small business/farming folks?
What's obscene Bernie is the Government taxing the American people's income twice..
Bernie doesn’t think it’s fair to work hard and give a better life to your children, he wants everyone to be poor together
Bernie please
@SenSanders ....I really wish you were the Pres. Who do we have in one of the most critical times in our lives? Fat Baby ManChild. God Help!
socialism is obscene
The top 10% of wage makers/earners pay 75% of all federal income tax. Bottom 50% only 2.7%.
So you're fine with a death tax then?  You're ok with people working all their lives, being taxed, and then taxed again when they die?
Trump only helps the rich get richer. He doesn't give a rats ass about the Lower class and the middle class. Bernie should've won.
Yeah, it's OUR MONEY, what right do we have to it?
Money is owned and printed by the state really. Besides that who needs twice the GDP of an African nation?
Money I EARN by MY WORK is owned by me, not the state . And I don't like some pointy head liberal trying to tell me how much I "need".
So you pay for your own highways, healthcare, army, public space and garbage collection? Who will pay for the protection of Israel.
Your in the US army you whole wage is paid by taxes . Omg ...
Maybe try an English comp class.
Best argument I heard so far! So sorry, you are right. 0% estate tax for the super rich is so much better. What was I thinking...
What about everyone not in the top .2% who benefit from it?  Where is the dnc counter proposal ?
Top what now? How many billions? What in the world
Dude that money and the dividends it made were taxed already. If you want to tax future earnings do it.
What’s obscene is taking more from people who were still able to accumulate assets after a lifetime of obscene taxation
R country is seriously in need of a break frm racism filled, angry bitter, true fear for lost voices, future,  and freedoms
Tell a Republican that you will raise the taxes by 0.001% and they will scream like you stabbed them with a sharp knife...
Great why should anyone pay tax on money they ve already paid tax on again
You know Bernie Sanders you let Obama let these guys out too bad he didn't go to your house
It is and has been a horrible tax that effects more than the "rich"
Bernie Sanders does not know what facts are... He is a money grubbing hack.
It does not affect the rich. They get around it with loopholes... #FAKENEWS
It affects farmers and small bussiness owners mostly
And take away our property tax ded! Will hurt us bad in Cali
0.2% is about 0.6 million people, with over 5 million wealth each.
No tax cut Bill until potus shows tax returns so that the American public knows who the tax cuts are ACTUALLY FOR.
@SenSanders you want to take money people worked a lifetime to save, so the Gov can waste more money? Thats obscene!
The estate tax is double taxation, Comrade. You are taxing monies which have already had taxes paid on them. How's bank fraud coming along?
Hey Bernie!  It's NOT your money.  Don't be a greedy, hypocritical old man.
Das Kapital
We have 2 decide what we believe as a country. Morales? Do we want a better society or do we want citizens who only want what’s best 4 them?
No estate tax creates a permanently wealthy royal class. Nothing could be more un-American.
Why are you not ok with a rich individual leaving their wealth to their family?
Capitalism's problems are too big to solve with bandaid solutions. We need full reform.
The top 1% in the world have more money than the bottom 30-40% combined. That's utterly horrific.
How much should I have? And who gets to decide? You? Bernie?
I think 100% tax on anything over a million dollars the estate survivors shouldn't be given a handout they need to earn their own way
You don’t have a clue about what you’re talking about due you?
God this country is in crisis. He must be resisted every step of the way
That a girl.  Show us you're  all for inclusion and a less devided world.  Resist is not the way.
good article explains what lacking estate taxes wd mean for states:
Even Warren Buffet supports the Estate Tax, saying that abolishing it is like picking the next Olympic winner based on last year's victor.
What are you smoking you make 0 sense
So if I inherit hasn't the person I inherited from already paid taxes on it?  That's fair?
But you're a new owner of the wealth. Just like wages. Your company paid taxes on earnings, pays you, you pay tax on income.
No my employer hasn't paid taxes on the amount they paid me. It is actually part of their expenses of doing business.
Explain. Why does the government have claim to tax someone's wealth yet again after they pass on? #estatetax  #deathtax
They're taxing someone's new wealth. It is new money to the inheriting. Just like wages- taxed twice.
So the point is basically that any time money changes hands in the US, even between family, the government wants a cut, yes?
That he doesnt see the inherent inequity of dual taxation by the death tax underscores his greed.
Well said.
Awww shucks
It particularly obscene to steal a person's inheritance. Taxation is theft!
This new guy is nuts !
ANOTHER HORRIBLE, IMMORAL CASE OF BILLIONAIRES
MISREPRESENTING/LYING
TO US ALL , TO 
EXTREME PROFIT FOR
**THEMSELVES**!!!
It unduly burdens family farms and is double taxation. Besides, rich folks' kids getting a windfall usually means big spending.
Also, it's pretty easy to avoid w/ simple planning. So instead of $ (prob) being spent or invested (or taxed), it goes to attys & bankers.
Yeah rich will proportionately save more, but poor people benefit more since we don’t have disposable income like you Bernie multi homes
Make the estate tax 100% thanks
We should all pay our fair share and end corporate welfare. If a business can't make it w/out handouts they shouldn't be in business
it is obscene to tax americans to death. ur utopian ideas looks ok, but how much more: will we pay in taxes, increase in tax rates. less taxes better.
Leftist are greedy, jealous, and spiteful. Taxing the rich is just their way of dealing with their base desires.
It's not going pass, by the Blood of Jesus Christ it will fail!!!
Seek help
Bernie's never met a tax he doesn't love.
It's amazing how politicians make you feel and behave like a billionaire when you are not. #estate #tax
Bet they would learn how to use there tazers then huh? Exactly what Hillary was going to do 
It's obscene u act like one of the people. How's the investigation going into the influence ur office exerted to get ur wife that loan?
Bank fraud: That's what's obscene , Bernie.
On tv this morning I heard you are in the top 1% in the country, did your wife help you out because of the fraud case
Here’s the problem, Bern. That money was already taxed. It doesn’t belong to the government!
Billionaires Club In Favor of TAX BREAKS? What makes anyone believe 
WHOSE INTEREST they Stand For? Not 99%!!!
GUARANTEE THAT 4 SURE.THINK
Now we just need massive spending cuts
I sure don't want to pay the death tax! It is a tax cut for the middle class, and the lower class!
Wait.... the guy who wants to empty a dead person's pockets is calling someone else greedy?  FFS.
Ernie-the government taxes earning while alive & then taxes them when we die-you are a leach
Families work all their Iives for that $ or property and Democrats want to double tax them or take their assets. It's not the Governments $!
Not true you uninformed, socialist Cretan, I was subject to pay an estate tax when my dad passed, it was like an armed robbery!
That's disingenuous...because of the estate tax, rich people hide and protect their wealth from confiscation after their deaths...
Haha! #GotEm #TrumpTaxPlan Bernie put them all on blast. I love it.
The estate tax is devastating for family farms. Farmers aren't in the top 0.2%
Drumpt is a legacy..he is setting up his legacies..They(legacies)are never a good idea!
Estate tax is robbery, taxing people on money already taxed.
Estate money has already been taxed. Sometimes 2 or 3 times. Maybe stop spending so much money instead of looting.

4% at minimum, probably not the top b/c of trusts. 5 deaths/min=~110k deaths/ year. ~4700 estates get hit, most farms and family businesses.
It's even more obscene to tax dead people.
How many dollars of income taxes were already paid building the "estate"? How much do you bloodsuckers want? I know...all of it.
Exactly! My parents came here LEGALLY & worked their asses off for the $ they have, so all of those taxes they paid I have to pay again? No!

Time after time after time, power hungry socialists use gullible youth to try and destroy the elite.
Sorry boys and girls, we are all going to have to pay our student loans.
Look man you don't have the right , means or business to other people's money. I believe in social programs, But not confiscating property.
Except did they earn it..Walmart for ex) pays it's employees so little, it cost the government around $2million in food stamps per store
Then have someone come in after the House is getting all cleaned up to wreck it again because that’s what our government is now.
He's fixing the destruction of the last 8 years
I wish he were respectful and not acting like a total jack ass. Have you ever heard other countries laughing at past presidents?
He will do anything to help his billionaires butt buddies
Doing away with the estate tax would benefit even you, Bernie. 
Ever get tired of taking other people’s money?  I mean taxing, not your wife’s fraudulent college loans
Bernie.....it's not your money.
$269B for billionaires but we can't afford healthcare-$1T for F-35 raptor program but we can't to house/feed the homeless.#WednesdayWisdom
everybody diez Burn, not just the top 2 10th's of 1%
Good. And?
Why should money that has been taxed already, through income tax, be taxed again?
Democrats are not content to keep stealing from the living & give to illegals but want also to confiscate inheritance dead have left heirs
Wilbur Ross profited massively at the expenses of the Irish people. A human leech on society.
Estate tax needed to recover what Trump earned unfairly and stole from others
this is theft imo... the government should not be able to money grab at someones death.
Oh shut up Bernie! You should move to NK  since you are a communist! Go away!
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grantor_retained_annuity_trust …
How Stupid IS 45?!  Or is he making statements like this on purpose to manipulate the masses who ARE that ignorant? #deathtax #TaxFairness
.@SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr #DeathTaxElimination! R U promoting living on family’s welfare instead of working? @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer
Sooooo you're still going to be on the right off your
3 homes Bernie
The estate tax is a fully Marxist ideal. Folks paid taxes on that money already. IT'S NOT YOURS, STAND DOWN BOLSHEVIK!
Your estate has to reach 5 million before the estate even applies to you. 98% of estates incite no tax. Only the uber wealthy are taxed.
And almost every farmer and a lot of small businesses
http://economistsview.typepad.com/economistsview/2017/04/the-myth-that-the-estate-tax-threatens-small-farms.html …
Isn't most of this wealth tied overseas so basically they don't pay the death tax anyway. By repealing, we bring that wealth back to USA
That is assuming he uses the wealth to reinvest in America which I doubt. This also includes others in the 1%.
I for the most part was surprised someone "draining the swamp" has a cabinet with such high net worth.
I say give him a chance. America was going to the dumps before, let's see if our economy takes off. Middle class stops suffering heavy tax
I mean if his legislation works wonders then I will admit his genius I just frankly doubt it will do good for the middle class.
I'm willing to give him a chance to prove himself. There is more to tax cuts then what either side is telling us. It's up to us to research
Ya he does own a few houses. Yes it is hypocritical. I support him though since he is one of the few real left politicians.
 i applaud this convo we need more of this instead of Resist/label everyone you disagree with a racist ect let's try give him a chance 
Hey Bernie what gives you the right to confiscate people's wealth when they pass away? Who the fuck gave the federal government that right?
It's not obscene that someone else isn't paying "enough" taxes, it's obscene that the govt spends so much $.  Yours is a politics of envy.
And the middle class will get the best break from this.
My guess is this is the main reason he ran for pres.
No surprise. We had a sample of Trump’s obscenity before the election.
Your idea of "greed" is people wishing to pass on their own earnings to their children, not you and your ilk demanding to get it instead?
Take your socialist bull crap out of here. #HeNeedsHisPuddingCups
Sanders you need to keep your big mouth shut and let Trump do his nob
no matter what President Trump does Bernie would blast
All Americans want this gone. Stop making it one sided to just fit your story
Who the hell is Bernie to act as if he is entitled to other people’s money?
Rich get rich, poor remain poor.
I'm sick and tired of  mega rich assholes stealing our money
To elect a bigoted racist asinine with no political experience but instead experience of taking money and even steeling from hard workers.
Better than #Hillary. #ANYONEBUTHILLARY
I understand #AnyoneButHillary but that’s why we must #changetheprocess. It takes a lot of money 2 run. candidates r chosen by a small group

White male privilege--change thd rules ti promote one segment of society over another one. Racist
I would love to hear one thing that you approve of that Trump has done. A lot of tweets have been negative...let's spread some positive
You likely know that the top 0.2% don’t pay estate taxes now due to active planning.
Crook
Bernie go bye. Term limits
the only thing that is particularly obscene is tax estate itself - which is effectively double taxation
MIDDLE class Americans have estates worth 5.4 mil-home value, 2nd home, land, mineral rights, oil/gas lease, 401K, vehicles, chkg/sav, stock
Patriotism is each person giving what they can to give back to their country.  The rich make wealth and thus have a duty to give more back.
Patritotism those who earn more have a duty to help their country and fellow citizens.  #Patriotism #duty
Shocking, isn't he into real estate or something like that?
Shut trymps tax break for himself down!!!
Lol why did u tag me in this I'm confused
Sir @RubinReport would love to have you as a guest
Bernie, what right does the government have to take your money, which has been taxed throughout your lifetime, once you die? None, actually. https://twitter.com/SenSanders/status/913060348688830464 …

THREAD https://twitter.com/blysx/status/913123089977720832 …
The extremely wealthy find a way to avoid these taxes anyway. It's a tax on the second .01% remove the loopholes, keep the tax.
It is particularly obscene to forcefully take money that does not belong to you and that has already been taxed.
Reason #1462 that I love you.
The top.02% use trusts and other tax vehicles to avoid that so once again more BS from Bernie
Yes why pass on the opportunity to tax that money again! Trump is trying to reduce government. You're trying to grow it. You're wrong Bernie
It will greatly affect ppl who aren't the top .2%. I've paid taxes on what I earned, bought, & property. Why should my kids be taxed again?
They were taxed on their income while they were alive, why do you advocate picking their pocket once their dead?  What a nasty old ghoul.
um... its obscene to steal money from someone who has pAid taxes his/her whole life only to get screwed when they die
I do not like our government the way it is it's for the People by the people not for the government by the government tax the rich
And we can't have families obtaining wealth who aren't politicians!!!!
Wasn't @SenSanders college plan like $50-60 Billion?
bernie stop trying to steal from people.
Remind me Bernard what gives you a right to other people's money (that wasn't loaned out to your wife.)
The estate tax is a human right, right comrade Bernie?
Don't worry Bernie,  the government will just have to stop buying  $500.00 hammers. Or stop getting so hammered.  Stick it to him super B!
Leave it to Bernie to tax money twice!
Wrong: it would keep 269 billion out of Washington and leave it in the country where it has FAR less chance of being wasted.
I am insulted that republicans do this to us.  Thanks again, Bernie, for revealing this to us.
@SenSanders btw what's obscene is how you single handily DESTROYED THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY. Thank you for President Trump!
That's all estate taxes so it is not just the top 0.2%. Your millions of dollars should be ok. Learn to tell the truth.
Bernie Sanders is a senile old man
The estate tax is pretty gross. Tax a person there whole life, then tax that money again (at an obscene rate) when they die. Pretty F’ed up.
The Death Tax is another disgusting, Democratic policy.  You are unethical, socialist, pirate.
Isn't that far from a done deal ????
Bc the top 2% Dont have Lawy. to get around that tax,farmmers dont have alot of cash are forced to sell land thats been in theyre fam.4yrs
And how much of a break will the bottom 99% get?
Good it's not fair to the poor if your parents die and they still had to pay for he tax that leaves them with nothing but bills
You're a millionaire. Stop acting like your a "regular guy". How many houses you have? Most can't afford just one.
Take your 30 pieces of silver and go back to writing porn poetry as you did before you started living off tax payers.
The trolls are thicker here than the heads of Fox News and Putin puppets.
That's not true. This helps farmers leaving their land to the family.
CEASE and DESIST @realDonaldTrump
Buy gold of silver (physical), get your money out of the banking system!
or
Are you still under investigation for the $10 million?
You mean the people who saved their money their entire lives instead of wasting it away gambling like the rest of us...
Your argument is basically that people are stealing their own money from a government that wants to tax it, twice, and that that is bad.
