Don't you have a fraud investigation to worry about?
no, his wife does
No they both do:
It's only his wife who is being accused of fraud, Not Bernie himself.
Reading comprehension is your friend.
Also, I find it pretty ironic that you're citing the media. You know, the thing you have several layers of display of your "hate" for.
Nice try at originality. I've heard that before like 500 times. Don't you have pizza pockets to heat up for lunch?
People over politics!
And don't worry how to pay for it?
By removing the tax cuts for the rich?
Go back to the drawing board & take some time, put thought behind it rather than jamming garbage through to satisfy an arbitrary deadline?
Stop systematically dismantling ACA and blaming Dems?
Want more?
Obamacare is dying. But not quick enough. It has cost me 30-40k over the last 5years.The only people happy with it are getting it for free.
No one is saying ACA is perfect--far from it. But AHCA is not the answer.
We need Trump gone asap!!!!
It's looking good too.
Do NOT allow 45 to collect voter data. What next? A number to mark us all?
The cuts to medicaid won't happen till way down the road and by then we'll have a new congress & @POTUS. It'll never happen, ur just lying!
While you complain trump continues forward making America great
U have to be blind
Trump's plan increases medicaid you liar.
I'm from OH and am so worried about my buckeye friends and family because of this scary scary bill.
Your Honesty unexpected Gov Kasich compared to the lies of Tom Price and Trump @CREWcrew Lawfirm
How about not taking their home away from HowardCenter residents
Soon to be ex governor after the election!
Senator Portman u WILL BE REMEMBERED for this!!!!!
THAT sounds like a threat? You seem like a very sick man. GET HELP!
Reread your sentence, then call me the moron. 
Yes good beautiful work bless up one love
@senrobportman DO NOT LISTEN to #BankFraudBernie or your own governor. They did not elect you - we did. REPEAL THE OBAMACARE DISASTER!
Thanks bernie,,3 houses and u and jane still couldn't keep ur hands outa the cookie jar,,,thanks crook
Thanks @JohnKasich @ACLU Lawfirm @ASlavitt @GeorgeWBush__ John 17.17 You told the Truth Instead of lies
@JohnKasich thank you for what you are doing. Please, @senrobportman follow suit.
Kasich would sellout for a ham and cheese sandwich
Bernie don't you have a lawsuit to deal with. You should be more upset about your own party that threw you under the bus.
Kasich is done in Ohio.  He lied to us in the debates, even without term limits, he wouldn't be back. Using him as a advocate - just dumb
Your staff write very well. I feel like I have been on a Easter egg hunt looking -Bs. Didn't find any but give up before I got to the end!
We already have far too many people on welfare and the gov't dole.  We don't need to add more to increase access to medical care.
YES! Too many on the Public Dole, Billion&Millionaires with tax cuts in the Republican Health Care Bill.
People keeping their own earnings are not on the dole.  But it figures you can't grasp that since u think everyone else's money is yours.
You have absolutely no idea what I believe. Instead of considering what the Rep Bill does you attack me. Let's see if you can stay on point.
Bernie Sanders/Bernie Madoff 2020
Medicaid's largest segment is children. If we put military spending over them we are buttwipes
Kasich is sliding too far left. Last term for him. Hopefully for you, too!
How many homes do you own?
Smart man
Please make the needed changes to ensure the support of Medicaid and do NOT, Senator Portman, cave to the bribe of $188M for opioid struggle
Kasich should not have expanded Medicaid from Obamacare....now he is afraid the taxpayers of Ohio will be on the hook...shame on him
Thank you, Gov. Kasich. Please continue to fight for the people of your state.  I know it is hard to go against the machine, but it is right
Kasich is an ass !
Not taking away. Slowing down growth.
Hope U run again 4 Pontus U have my vote, good man. Honest, sensible, fair minded.
If you remove illegals using stolen identities as stated by IRS study you can cover REAL citizens. If you get JOBS JOBS more folks come off.
I hope you
GOP are trying to prove just how heartless they are
Trump is saving America anyone that has care pays deductibles 6000-10,000 who can afford that +20% per person in household
Lies lies lies Medicaid is not going away same money just going to different places states in control of Medicaid money not President
Why do you three hundred & sixty thousand disable people in you state.  I doubt it!
It's sad that the 'sane adult' in the room, has to school his fellows. But that's my Governor.
Bernies guilty of fraud!
The Russian trolls are awake
Or shall we say, take it from federal govt to local state govt and see well they implement it. Let's see how good they are.
He's not my governor.  He's a democrat who would go to the republican convention in his own state.
If the Republicans run negative ads againstSenator Heller, itwill show what a weasel bunch of cowards theyare.Heller is a compassionate hero
How does it feel to be under investigation. Lawyer up or you m
Medicaid does nothing to improve the care. Drs r not even taking Medicaid pts they reimburse about 20% of Medicare drs would go broke
They don't like Kasich because he's too moderate for the GOP voters of Ohio.
Many lifes depend on this, Senator
He's a political hack. The new GOP doesn't pay attention to a thing he says.
Thank you Kasich.
Let bankfraudbernie pay for it out the 10 billion
The Governor of Ohio is an idiot and fool.

#BankFraudBernie

Our world today is stranger than fiction.
Government acountability! Democrats and republicans are equally responsible for the disastrous health care system in this country.
John is a total dipshit I know him.

let's give everything to everyone! Sarcasm intended!
John Kasich is a RINO. Screw you

How's that bank fraud going?
Yea.  Listen too someone thats stolen millions from ohio just like bernie and his wife did to the people that sent him money
Take this pathetic health care bill throw it in the garbage can   @SenSanders  @SpeakerRyan  @realDonaldTrump @NancyPelosi @elizabethforma
Bernie committed BANK FRAUD! FBI investigating him!  He has LAWYERED UP!  #DISHONEST. Feel the Bern!
GOVERNOR KASICH FOR PRESIDENT.
They are there they just choose not to tax them where the richest country in the world there's no reason we can't afford healthcare 4 all
Did he mention your FBI investigation
Don't commit bank fraud.
@SenSanders republicans are not out to kill people.  Stop the extremism.

Bernie? Bank Fraud? Really? @SenSanders call me but watch what you say lol the Feds are listening #BernieBankFraud 
God I wish he hadn't conceded to that orange turd.
Kasich is an ass clown #bankfraudbernie
As a constituent, I  agree.
Agreed. And it's a damn weird day when Kasich sounds reasonable. - registered OH voter in 43229
Im not a Republican but I like Kasich.  He doesn't cry when he loses.  He moves on to what's next.
Hey  Bank Fraud Bernie, kasich is a little nut job and probably never read the bill And Medicaid is nothing but government paid welfare!
Hey Bernie!! Hows that fraud case going?
I am an Ohioan. By voting for the Republican Health bill, you are not representing me!
Or just become a fraud like Bernie
You're under FBI investigation for fraud plus you allowed Hillary to steal the nomination from you after your followers donated millions!
Us Taxayers don't deserve to be stuck with illegal promises u made to the people of your State. Pay your own way
Of those 360,000, how many were above the threshold for Medicare because they made too much money?
They never should have been on in the first place.
Sanders and Kasich 2 establishment hacks. Both parties worried about their donors.

Americans have Names of republicans hurting healthcare, WE need to translate this abuse to a BIG FAT NO to republicans the election day.
even @GovWalker agrees with @JohnKasich, they know the bill's Medicaid cuts would blow-up their state's budgets @janeosanders @jimmy_dore
That's just it trumpians don't listen they just blindly follow
Hey #BankFraudBernie looking to funnel money from an organization, any pointers? Asking for a friend...
#BankFraudBernie
Dear Mr Kasich I live in Ohio and cannot continue to pay own insurance my 24 yr olds insurance and everyone elses in the state too.
Well say Mr Kasich poor people have thrown under buss for long time
Kasich is kind and caring person.
Has a great spirit!
@bankfraudbernie @shadysanders  you're a clown!
Really bernie this guy is a boring wevel his revalance went away during the campaign as did yours
Bernie, you must have some extra money ,  give it to the Fed Gov. they need it real bad. with 20 trillion in debt can you help???????
We cannot let this mess of a bill pass. Universal care time is NOW
FYI 20% of Medicaid cost is waisted in abuse and fraud. But Bernie you know all about Fraud.
hey bern how's that FBI investigation on your finances going
Sorry Bernie ! It was fun...
@senrobportman.  What Bernie said.  I am from Ohio and respectfully request a NO vote.
Aren't you under federal investigation?
He's a democrat FYI!
Hopefully you listen to your lawyer since you're under investigation.
No one is voting to take away your medicaid. quit lying to get people angry. Didn't you learn anything from one of your supporters shooting?
Kasich is a democrat
I get the resources are thin but is the alternative better. They may not be able to pay what you and I can but they have value like us
Very little grassroots support
Is Bernie under investigation?
Sen Portman: You are a CISV alum. Practice what you learned there. We are watching!!
I mean v p
How about Kasich and sanders for potus and BP!
42%+ Medicaid participants are illegals and their children.
Wow.  This couldn't be any less true.
Ohio already voted for exactly this.  #unintended consequences
What a brave stance for someone with no skin in the game.
Thank you more Senators need to step up to the plate!
Don't listen to the old man who's going to jail for collusion to commit bank fraud. And screw "John #Resistance Kasich" the whiny sore loser
FBI
Heartening (not the first time) to see @JohnKasich caring about the most troubled people he leads. Thank God.
Maybe tell us how to get a loan for 10 million dollars #BankFraudBernie
You need to concentrate on your trial Mr Sanders...
Shut up bank fraud.
How's that investigation into you and your wife going maybe we should lock the both of you up to
Bernie Sanders - I never heard you promote to Americans, the Healthcare that you receive from the very generous American Taxpayers!! 
What excuse u making up now maybe china?
This coming from a corrupt communist lol
Yes he did kasich is a republican
Trump is not under an FBI investigation. Bernie Sanders is hahahah!!!
all lies ! Kasick should be ashamed! Bernie iis being investigated for Bank Fraud
Kasich for president!
time make you the guilty pay, we r tired of people like r, need to be arrested, fingerprinted, then put in jail, & freeze ure bank accounts
I think Ohio needs a new Gov.
endorse Canova! Don't be Democratic sheepdog!
Kasich would never write a good wealthcare bill with that kind of thinking.
New plan. Step back and let Trump pass all his policies and when it all goes to hell we step in and bring back the true USA and really MAGA.
Did Kasich even read the bill? Medacade not being cut just not rising as fast.
Why is 'poor' for Medicaid eligibility considered 400% above poverty level?
Bernie - hows that bank fraud investigation going for you?
No listen to your Presid They stole 750 bil from Medicare to stick in 750 bil into Medicaid for exchanges just putting back what Musli stole
Bernie where are your tax returns ???
Why are you not working to stop the republican party? Why is the Democratic party scared? Fear? Laziness? Or maybe you really dont care.
Boy, #BankFraudBernie sure has lots to say for someone under FBI investigation...
Barney let him vote for it guarantees and 2018 to Democrats will come out ahead
O you mean taking medicare away from able bodied lazy ass people like yourself? Children wont lose it and neither will the elderly
HOWS THE FBI BERN
Keep concerning yourself and look at the future where the budget clearly shows Medicaid will triple in 10 years, not today.ur state new gove
Sir, Respectfully… I count you as a #MeleeMouthPolitician in the #Senate obstructing the #AmericanVotedAgenda! #ShameOnYou! #RepealObamacare
Americans want to keep and improve on Obamacare and expand Medicare. Trumps lies on not touching Medicare is what got him elected
How exactly is Kasich a conservation? He wants to expand socialist healthcare?
#BankFraudBernie
Kasich is a Democrat so no Republican will listen to him. Kasich is trying to cover his a$$ for expanding Medicaid in OH. HC is not a right
John Kasich is a political transgender. He's a Democrat trapped in a Republicans body. There is a cure for that.
No, he has morals, most of the time at least. Right now is one of those times.
Better still don't vote for John Kasich..
Any word on your FBI investigation, you sick old hypocrite? Really sick. But as long as you made your millions, right?
He made nothing from the loan. And the investigation has been happening for a year and nothing has happened yet.
How about you realize that is never going to happen because Medicaid is not a part of the #AHCA Bill It's not even on the table at this time
