The progressive views of millennials is why people hate millennials. That's not a compliment
Test question:  Who creates the dollars we use to pay federal tax?
The Federal Reserve. My turn. How is this relevant to my statement?
What gov does't fund, private sector must go into private debt to fund:
That doesn't make any sense.  Gov has to take from private sector to fund anything.
Oh but didn't you know? If the government can physically make the money, that must mean they can just make enough to fund everything!
You seem to both know that the fed gov "just prints" dollars, and don't know it.  Go with:  gov just creates dollars - because it does 
It prints some dollars but can't print infinite dollars.
dream big!Are u serious? U want them to get everything for free without working for it. U are creating enablees/dependents/bums.
... the private sector - it can buy bombs or schools, bank bailouts or health care.  But: Even u are dependent upon gov issuing our $
Ah, they have a big printing press. Don't worry.
All money is "printed".  No "printing", no money.  Gov created $ = 12% of money supply.  The rest is private bank created credit/debt:
Young people love a grandpa who at least is pretending to give them free stuff. Wait until they have their rude awakening!
"Free Stuff" is how the fed government gets dollars from the government sector into the private sector, where those $ fund our net incomes.
What gives me hope right now is this:

What gives me hope is they will see thru the giant pile of garbage that #Socialism  really is. #ChauvistasShooting
And how has capitalism worked out for Syria?
Ask the people who have to survive off the black market if capitalism works. #Venezuela #Chauvistas
Oh Bernie, you tainted an entire generation of youth. Its disgusting the effect you had on these impressionable youth.
What's wrong with wanting to legalize weed and have a free education?
He ran on a campaign of promising free stuff. It's like when a kid runs for class president and promises free lunches and extra recess.
You don't understand our monetary system. Here's some help:
Majority of Geezers are holding back progress. Can't teach the old dogs new trix -
Most of the old dogs sold their souls & this country out for money.
That old $ still the best $ holding up a big part of economy keeping many of them alive well past their expiration date+ many more destitute
Our turnout is low due to distrust of candidates. We trusted you because you were beholden to us. You were cheated. We want you to admit it.
We want you to admit it for our sake. We believed in you, gave you our money & effort, but the @DNC sabotaged you to benefit @HillaryClinton
Do Millenials have the lowest turn out because they are Millenials or because the are the youngest generation currently voting.
What gives me hope is that you are gonna either be POTUS 2020 or delegate the task to someone you trust to serve all Americans
You're really banking on him living that long huh?
Bernie can die tomorrow and it does not stop the movement one bit. As a right winger you wouldn't know
Oh no, I'm aware that the movement of morons who believe in this crap will always be around unfortunately
Progressivism is damaging American society
Really? A progressive outlook is what's damaging America? please tell us more...
Have a look an witness the poverty in S American countries, open your eyes everywhere were red flag are too long in power
 I thought we were talking about America...as I the country DT is the current president of 
How is the new car and lake house?
The new generation is a bunch of lazy cry babies that want everything for free. 
They should take @BernieSanders & move to Venezuela
Unfollow. The news is leaving u behind Bern.

Stay the course & the country splits in two or help with the evolution of America & witness the greatest country restore its former #glory
When would this "former" glory be? From history it's been a shit show. We can do better
Good!
What gives ME hope, is that there are MANY of the "new" generation that see you for the snake oil salesmen you are.
You should be ashamed.
That would be trump.

kids like me and others are progressive because we haven't seen the real world that along with promising free college gets us revved up
Dividing America by generation helps just makes your appeal less universal.Hist of seeing how bad extreme socialism is knowledge not bagage.
Bernie doesn't realize he is the status quo
And in the mean time
Take a hint old man and spare us another run. You're the left wing Trump, only interested in the limelight. Also, what about your taxes?
Wow there are a lot of trolls on Bernie's tweets now. Still #1 trusted politician though 
Like #SethRich? How do you reconcile that he was assasinated because he supported you?
Please, Mr. Sanders, consider creating your own party and run for 2020.If dems cannot clean up their image, a new party may be the way to go
And do not want to pay for their college educations, even though those educations will make them beau coup bucks in life.Leaches.

Maybe it's because millenialls are entitled children with gender studies degrees and no real education. That's how socialists are made!
Your supporters Sitting in Mommy & Daddy's Basement playing video games and waiting for Free Stuff is not dreaming big
return most power and money to states, then they can model state after Finland if their people want
#sethrich seems 2b killed 2 protect u&u say nothing about him? Whyd u let DNC throw u out of election?
Hear Hear, @SenSanders sen.
Like your bullshivik progressive agenda
Kind of like these young people here?
Socialism is awesome. 
You are enabling them to be lazy and demand freebies. Never has been and never will be freebies.  As they say, adulting is hard!
"A future to believe in" is the biggest campaign slogan lie in history. But it fits your Communist narrative to a T
Very true @SenSanders all those out of touch with reality are very susceptible to your influence. Attack the youth, same strategy as Obama.
Enjoy being able to say that you have the youngest voters. The Pepe gen (gen x) is coming.
If the majority of the population really believed in all of this socialist, gay marriage, etc stuff, then why didn't the left win POTUS?
I applaud our young people, they r not as prejudist as our older generations they r concerned about the environment and inequality
we need young people to run for office to bring change that will benefit ALL americans not just the wealthly
I sincerely hope you @SenSanders  will run again in the next election. #feelthebern
So bernie won by votes hillary nd trump by money wtf if that not proof shit. Also during campaign only showing hillary nd trump on tv $$$
THE young people only want to set on their butts and have it handed to them. The collage kid DO NOT KNOW AS MUCH AS FIRST GRADERS
then please STOP the #UnityTour bs Bernie. Corruption matters, regardless of party. When u stand w/@TheDemocrats we lose hope that u hear us
“There lies a sleeping giant. Let him sleep! For when he wakes he will move the world” @SenSanders @BarackObama @maddow @realDonaldTrump
9/11: "You may find that it's the Saudis okay? But you will find out." 
-Donald Trump

http://politicalfilm.wordpress.com/2016/09/11/911-28-pages-of-treason/ …

Does Bernie even care?
You want to get your goals realized? Stop trashing Democrats! You'll have a better chance working with them over the republicans!!
When you offer people "free stuff" that is what happens. What gives me hope is when people find their greatest benefactor in the mirror.
Healthcare? Education? Prisons? We have enough data to know just what the private sector does to industries that fundamentally affect ppl.
Democratic Socialism is the way to go. Bernie Sanders for president.
How come you only attack Wall Street when your one of the financial elites yourself. Enjoying your private beach
Seth Rich died for his ideological belief, how can you let Wasserman-Shultz & Clintons control the DNC and murder young Sanders supporter
Why don't you stand up for your murdered supporters? Seth Rich wanted you Bernie how can you ignore what happened to him who is controllingU
How is it the oldies (Corbyn in the U.K.) are the wisest ones who try and tap into the youth hope vote? Dangerous times full of scumbags.
bernie works very hard for all of us. he could be rich. but he has chosen to live a life of reality and be a supporter of truth. his choice
Bernie, you are so clueless about this new generation of young people.
What saddens me is your teachings have lost a generation and not prepared them for surviving and thriving in the present day.
Yes, there are are more people in their mid-twenties than in any other age group in the world right now!
There is no such thing as "Democratic Socialism" ... It is Socialism and Communism and pure evil.
Socialism and Communism is immoral and pure evil!  Written by the pen of Satan himself.
Das macht mir auch Hoffnung
If your ever in London Ontario Canada, i would love to shake your hand.
Funny how you're out there speaking to Trump's racist supporters trying to win them over and black people still believe you're with them
Why not build you own party and break way from a party you seem to hate?
Bernie you a compelet moron socializiam brain washing  the young people
All the way left,
All the way right,
When ya gonna learn
It's the middle that we like?
Homme de qualité
Can you get joe rogan on your podcast.

please rally your young supporters again ! They are our only hope!
yay they aren t smart enough to figure out you and your wife stole 10 million dollars and got paid half a mil by Chinese u hid in educ. fund
of course these brain washed socialist propoganda your shoveling gives you hope it's making you money and rebuilding communist china.
But over half are apathetic towards their government
Bernie Sanders See Bernie painted to the right of Putin Trump art. Williamsburg Brooklyn the fix was in.
I love you @BernieSanders!!! keep talking the talk and walking the walk..Maybe these young ones, these enlightened ones bring peace.
His social media * ! Democrats suck ! Republicans suck ! Bernie Sanders doesn't ! Let's get moving ! We only have one shot at life
You need to step up! As the media discredits Trump is social media continues to grow. Time for you to assimilate MORE! We have your back 
my sons' generation is going to change this world i have said it many times.... so many of them and on the right track
tell them to stop being communist then.
Hope that they are looking forward to working for a living and then wanting things.
Bernie: thank you for keeping me focused on the issues and for providing positive options for addressing them.
great no free stuff  we who can not afford so many freeloaders
This is Hope you pathetic old Fool!
I do remember the controversy surrounding Obama is bowing to the Saudis
If you want to change our voter turnout you better help @justicedems and @BrandNew535 get real candidates on the ballots for 2018 then.
Good deduction Bernie, why do you think Pres Tump won?
That's why so many voted against your liberal socialist ideology, they didn't  want to be dependent on government or are you at
then why are you supporting the status quo? Why silent in #dncfraudlawsuit why stumping for corporate Dems & Russia distraction
Demand populism:
Pt 1/ West Coast progs have 3 yrs to tell Dem leaders they'll line up last minute & not vote for POTUS after 9PM EST If EC= same in 2020.
Pt.2/ There's too much money in the game. We can't match it. We can't remove it. We can only leverage our way leftward using our time zones.
Pt 3/ If the #DNC follows through with pt 1, they'll finally give us leftist populism. They'll make our state media cover her/him too.
Pt 4/ if #DNC ignores pt 1, then the pop vote will be such that sh-- like this can never happen again
Ron Wyden represents one of most progressive states in America, tells constituents he doesnt support single payer https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NOPNtviWh0 …
Pt 5/  Part 1 will also force the (D)s to not only use a 50 state strategy, but also have a platform that isn't about banks & war.
Pt 6/ By 9PM EST, West coasters will know what the deal is. The #DNC can get their sh-- together or they will lose millions of votes.
Pt 7/ #DNC empty narratives & fundraising abilities'll be decimated. Only left populism can breathe life in to them if the plan is followed.
Pt 8/ Oh, #Democrats, if #DNC ponies up beforehand, #Demexit, the left, & independents will help you. You'll get seats back. Up to you.
Trump should not be allowed to appoint the next FBI Director because he is being investigated. That makes no sense. Address this in the law.
Sadly our "Young people" are being brainwashed every day by Fox News and the rest of our far right wing extremists MEDIA
Ya the fact that most young people identify as capitalists gives me hope too.
love President @realDonaldTrump
Bernie.  Your socialist views will only attract the brainwashed snowflakes that don't know the difference between a democracy and communism
Many young people did not vote! Bernie speak to your base and explain what is at stake when they just abdicate responsibility.
Because they've been lied to by progressive teachers their entire life. Once they see the truth you're done. Tell us how great Venezuela is!
Me too Bernie
Right Bern, for Get status quo and get on with the bank fraud investigation of your wife! Were you involved! Is there a cover up here?
You mean the ones you left at the altar when you rolled over for @HillaryClinton?
The status quo is not Donald Trump.
What gives me hope is the amount of information available now days, where you #democrat cant lie to  young people anymore!
The total failure of socialism in Venezuela(sad 4 suffering) , that gives me hope is that today's young people can see folly of socialism
Bernie now that you're a pathological liar you make the ideal candidate
New generation of young people that wants everything given to them for free. F*ck that. Work for it. You want socialism? Go to Venezuela.
They're all snowflakes!!! Hopeless
You are representing the other side of the United States. It's a pleasure to realize your struggle watching here from Europe. Thanks a lot!
The status quo of stagnation was created in part by Obama. Trump is trying to break the bad political mold, & socialism is not the answer.
And they need a grandfather figure like you! Someone who truly cares about their future. Listen to grandfather America! Grandparents know
You mean the ungrateful spoiled brats that think everyone  owes them something
If Sanders had won the nomination he would have won the pres. and we wouldn't be in the midst of this rediculous shit storm #impeachTrumpNow
Bernie, you are my hero
Well...then they got Trump in the WH...and he isn't the status quo. U shouldn't have pouted all thru DNC Party then half assly, supported H.
Live ya Bernie. Point us towards the future.
status quo being you have to work for you want
On my first tweet since I opened this account many years ago I said to Hillary she should pick you as her vice. Didn't work.
Their instincts abt economic justice are so spot on.  Make plans that support economic justice as common as the commercials that bombard us.
They are dreaming of a beach house.
Keep the counter-attack, including support 4 for Medicare4All and better worker compensation uncompromisingly out front. RESISTANCE!!
Progressives must keep the info abt conservatives' attacks on the safety net front & center on full blast. Our demands must persist.
We must show them the tools of our democracy and usher in their participation b/c of the urgency compelled by the T-party types on the right
Why you want to destroy our country look Venezuela and all socialist countries
On Malcolm X's birthday 5/19,  this quote is part of a fitting tribute to another elder statesmen who found new hope in the spirit of youth
Socialcrap all. They all want that participation award  without working for it! GBA <><
Very telling that Bernie's audiences always seem to be the young...who know nothing of real life, have very few real life experiences.
My fellow millennial its time we show the people of this country we have a voice and it must be heard. November 6th 2018 save the date vote!
Did you look at Venezuela lately?
Your new beach house
Politicians should NEVER SAY "End the leaks; calm down & wait for the investigation... or whatever." PREAMBLE demands us to YELL.
.@SenSanders and one day we can all have a $100k sports car and 3 homes all off the backs of the tax payers, just like you, you hypocrite
Bernie you have settled for the status quo by working for the Democratic Party.  Everyone should #DemExit  #CorruptThieves
Yea. But get them to vote?
Omg Bernie Sanders is coming to my hometown! I can't even sleep, I'm so excited.  
Yea sure thty why u suker up to dem establishment so hard Bernie?
Please clean up the dem party. Also, please consider vegan capitalism
#FATCA wrongly harms young people in Israel, making it difficult for them to get a mortgage:
perhaps Israeli orthodox Jews have enough political clout to affect a change in  #FATCA. Regular US citizens living abroad are voiceless
America can not go anywhere as long as the Federal Reserve controls our economy, our currency, interest rates, and inflation.
He was running his mouth like, Muhammad Ali So I shook his hand calmly as I headed to the door @stephenasmith @maddow @SenSanders
Mr. 13.5% Millionaire with 4 houses. In your new world you lose 3 of them. If they were taught what a liar is you will be seeing a deflation
Thank you, Bernie!
You ARE the staus quo. 
Teach others to advocate like you so we have young vibrant leaders not old men complaining and not accomplishing.
My 4 beautiful ASD Boys will need you Soo badly. If only I could've finished college. It would be ideal. We needed u then, we will in 2020
Keep voicing the movement! We need education & universal HC. A civil rights advocate! I want 2020 NOW, to see U as #POTUS #autismisevolution
Bernie we need you. UR the voice that uplifts. You fight, advocate. Ur real. Ur independent style is what America needs. Our children need U
Dad
Wow, I am seeing a lot of divisive tweets. Almost organized.
I  agree
Where does this man get all of this courage? I swear humanity hinges on Bernie Sanders.
Yes they do give us hope dream big. Don't settle,fact check don't be brainwashed-freethinkers. My sons generation aren't afraid to debate
Oh  Bern, that can be said of each generation with a Republican Congress so there is hope of INDIVIDUALS lifting THEMSELVES UP, #LessGovt
Yeah. I call them the Harry Potter generation. They believe in magic. You exploited them and helped usher in chaos. These people are naive.
In other words, you have hope that the kids of today will be the Communists of tomorrow.
I can't decide who's is worst. U for willing deceiving your voters or the DNC for cheating your voters. #C" U called trump a liar. What R U?
Imagine ALL Americans' LIVING their big dreams bc they never have to worry about how to pay for their/family's healthcare again.
You are a trickster. Some may translate trickster as a hypocrite.
You mean the new voters the want free shit from me. Because they feel entitled
#DraftBernie #DNCFraudLawsuit #FeelTheBern #NoDAPL #BlackLivesMatter #DemExit #Trumprussia
#Bernie2020 #Erdoganbodyguards #syria #yemen
Yes, rise millennials this from a gen xer. 
The FBI Is Investigating Sketchy Land Deal Led By Bernie Sanders’ Wife
FBI Opened An Investigation Into Jane Sanders At Burlington College
And who smoke tons of pot.
Thank you Senator!! #stillsanders
Young inexperienced, brain washed, easy to mold, and rile up. You should be ashamed!
Working at Middlebury Institute grad school, I feel optimistic with such pragmatic idealists who will soon lead.
You endorsed THE quintessential status-quo candidate during a change election cycle and everyone knows she & the DNC cheated to beat you
OK...the problem was: NO BALLS to attack the most corrupted candidate in history!
Please stop retweeting politics
Yes, agreed. But if we don't deal with present Constitutional crisis,they won't have the chance. Where is your leadership on #TrumpRussia?
I think establishment Dems have that covered, don't you? I'd rather he continue to fight Trump and the R's from dismantling healthcare, etc.
That is a given, but our country is in crisis & he's not responding fully.
Couldn't disagree more...
