I found work, my sister found work, my brother was laid off, but now he found work. Everyone I know works. What seems to be the problem?
I'm happy that everyone you know has found work in your area. Unfortunately, the job market isn't like that everywhere in the country.
You have to want to find a job and be willing to do what it takes to get and maintain that job. Laziness is the problem....
I disagree. There are plenty of people with university degrees who are willing to go anywhere who cannot find jobs beyond minimum wage.
Complete rubbish...you believe that if you want to.
Not something I "believe," which, by definition, would indicate my acceptance w/out evidence. I personally have known ppl in that situation.
BTW...WGAF about a degree? The point  of a degree is either to pursue your passion or to make money...if you're lucky you get to do both.
Side issue. The point is that there are a lot of people working hard to find jobs that pay the bills. The job market is not a robust one.
Took care of a 21 year old kid who attempted suicide partially because he couldn't find work and had a child.
Wow. We came to Germany to give our son a better start. Tuition free, mapped career path, 1.payer. Masters in childhood studies 3600€ all in
Hmm makes me wonder if America is doing things backward.
america is going too capitalist. I like capitalism. but the social component is important. free healthcare and education is important.
I honestly can't believe people WANT socialism. Socialism hurts EVERYONE but the ones in charge. Look at history.
socialism ≠ social democracy with capitalism
don't tell me a capitalist social democracy doesn't work
I can disprove you with one word: Sweden.
Sweden? Lol. That's not a good argumeny
As a young person who didn't finish high school I can say it's literally impossible to find work unless you know people willing to help.
We need better programs for people that need the credentials to get into the workforce,  a simple GED ain't gonna cut it for most people.
Isn't free high school a program to provide education? If people don't make it through that program, why keep offering additional programs?
For dropouts ? Immigrants ? Y'all seem to forget about how not everyone in this country has the means to succeed, so why make it harder.
By not offering more programs that make those people useful to us!
So people dropout of a free program, and then are mad there aren't any more free programs for them?
Precisely! people hate school in America, that's no secret, & they make mistakes but no one should be starved the opportunity to do well.
If they're not taking advantage of free programs offered, what right do they have to complain about the lack of free programs?
I have worked since I was 16. Never ever had trouble finding a job and at one point more than one job. I call this BS at its finest.
Trump is an elitist & sees nothing  but $$ , totally ignoring the under dog(everybody else)
He's clueless.
I'm glad to hear you'll be voting to stop illegals from taking American jobs.
There's plenty of work out there. They just dont want to work.
Trump is working on that. You been sleeping or what? AND YOU KNOW THAT! I think something is wrong with you.
Because there are too many undocumented taking their jobs!  Come to CA and see for yourself
Millions more if you have your way. Hi Venezuela
And Medicaid for all!
Hoping the folks at now-defunct Burlington College can find jobs.
And Trump's university?
...........
Thanks to the DEMOCRATS
Says the troll who retweets this stuff:
Dems want to rebrand, but will always stand for:

Killing Babies
Illegal Immigration
Socialism
Islam
ImmigrantsAgainstSocialism doesn't know the definition of any of those big words he posted.
Yeah, he's clean. Understands re-al-it-y.
considering that Foxbots are coming to WI. wouldn't it make sense to provide an Education package for HS graduates to attend college??
That's because they all want 100k to start w a Co car & they want to make their own hours. Lazy liberal millenials.
Then get the government out of everything. Regulation kills buisness.
Oh the orange huckster will fix all that. It's gonna be huge. 

You're not tired of winning?
The politics you prescribe too as led to this problem!
I think he is pretty funny!  It's been that way for years.  Did he just wake up from a deep sleep?
The poll CNN failed to show is Congress approval rating is lower than Trump's. Poll says Dems care about Russia & removing Trump. That's it.
You went to school and look at how you turned out. Sanders may have a point.
Yup, and people who do drop out of high school don't deserve a job, too lazy to finish high school, too lazy to get a real job
Which I think you should read what you say before you post sound very uneducated must grew up on a farm
It doesn't take education, would you personally hire someone for your successful company with a HS diploma, or someone without
Google Russell Simmons then think about your comment yes a black success story with out high school diploma
Still waiting? Still waiting? Still waiting? Still waiting?
That whole speech still rings so true.
Please . support our young people
Um, too little too late bernie...you didnt care anout jobs in last election...but you got two houses out of it!!
Train labor
As long as there is Bernie there is hope. Keep fighting!
Mr burn if you was to run again you got my vote again
Bernie. Affordable care Act killed all the 40 hour jobs. Work with the president to clear the log jam. Please!!!
Give it a rest Bernie.  You've done enough.
*tears* Thank you, Bernie.
What have you done for them? By the way I'm still waiting on an answer as to why we can't have the same healthcare as you Senator?
Wife is a criminal
Those of us over 50 aren't fairing any better Bernie!
Gosh darned those LibProg policies than burdened the job creators and killed employment opportunities for kids.
Had great work record, too. Very frustrating. Crazy schedules don't allow for her to get another job.
Needs to wait until the biz has another opening. Manager said they go by their needs.  She worked there before, too.
She wanted to interview for another job. But couldn't get there because she was working.
My daughter & son in law have had challenges finding work in Seminole Co FL. She works PT. He just got a PT job.
The prohibitive elitist expense of formal ed is evidence they have no intention of providing profesh jobs.

Get over 2 party "WWF" politics
Well if you and your possy would stop running businesses out of town with all your Bull shit regulations maybe they could get a job
Well if dems stepped up on abortion and the reps build a wall you guys will have it made.
Give them a job painting any one of your 3 houses?
Bernie don't run in 2020. Need new blood with progressive ideas. Too much bagge. Please don't run.
Please. Bernie is our only option
Dems need to come up with alternative and not Hillary
Yeah... Bernie Sanders
There is a difference in not being able to find work vs. not being able to find the job you think you deserve.
What "involvement"? Involvement in what - BLM? Gangs? Gosh, you, Bernie, is so disgustingly stupid and dangerous ... leave these ppl alone
Kids are talking about finding jobs and getting through training, and this old IDIOT BERNIE, like dusted gramophone, talks abt "involvement"
Tears of joy not tears of pain
This made me cry
BS. There are plenty of jobs.
That's because democrats have screwed the country for the last 8 years.
I saw this living in Mexico, Argentina and India. I left a serious relationship - didn't want to have kids in this situation...now it's US
But there are plenty of jobs out there, but unfortunately, much of our youth needs at least $15/hr to even look at the job....
And they don't get a living wage when they do.
Brought up the issue to @senorrinhatch and was told that ACA repeal was more important. Wtf? Priorities out of whack much?
you can thank the past administration for that.
It's not just inability to find employment, but to find employment that pays a living wage.
Translation: I want GOVT flowing threw every vain in your body, so that you owe your existence to a central authority.
That's because their skill levels are below the minimum wage.
Because Sen the country is too caught up with the scandals around the GOP and POTUS. The Republicans won in 2016 with the help of Russia
cant find work ?  a  problem as big as my college grads working for minimum wage.  What is the real UNDER unemployment number?
The focus should be on building up the family unit and education not more government programs.
actually Bernie, we've been focused on making sure there are no jobs for young people for decades #Resist
forced minimum wage hikes, competing for jobs with immigrants, crushing regulations.....hmmmm whatever could be the problem?
I hear millions of kids can't find their shoes in the morning too. What's your plan for them?
I know tons of contractors looking for employees. Can't find a single person looking willing to work
Our leaders claim to be good Christians, but their actions to take away health care and in writing a mean-spirited bill says otherwise.
Bullshit... they just want a check in the mail
And it's not because we don't want to find work, it's because employers won't give us the opportunity. We're "unhireable".
Hard for people to find jobs when you run business out of the country with high taxes & ridiculous regulations. IMPEACH SANDERS & ARREST HIM
1. Not shocked anything is beyond your comprehension. You still think socialism works. It doesn't which history has proven over and over.
2. And please don't site Nordic socialist countries. Like Norway which is subsidized by its "evil" Oil which you will and Al hate
I love Mr Bernie . You will always be my president
Now yore worried abt that. minimum wage laws might have something to do with that.
STOP ALLOWING ILLEGALS IN THEN.. CAN'T HAVE IT BOTH WAYS AZZWIPE..
what about that Obama "recovery?"
This is what real leaders do! You get close to the people and their day to day issues, you motivate, encourage. Thanks Tim & Sen. Sanders.
it is beyond comprehension that we are still dealing with this BULLSHIT in the WH 6 months later
SEND CONGRESS HOME 2018
Well it takes time to fix obamas screw ups
They can find work. They just think they're too good for the work that's available, or they don't have any useful skills. #stopbeingentitled
Meanwhile computer companies and others who hire skill positions cannot find qualified workers. So they are importing them from India
Bernie is a crook. He sold his supporters out in the last election when he should have been working to expose HRC & DWS.
What ever happened to trade training? Young people in Europe have better options under socialisim...
Does everyone need 2 work? Fully employed country? Where does the money come from. I'm trying to figure it out. Lets think outside the box.
Acts 4:25-26
Soon, not even McD's jobs will be available due to robots. 
Young and old, we need #BasicIncome NOW
No, it's not. It's the most comprehensive thing imaginable, according to Schumpeter. Doesn't make it better
So Bernie how many got the job ?
I'm begging you to start your own Progressive party & give Americans a real viable third party choice! PLEASE! #Resist
Just words old man. Control our borders its getting to crowded
And yet the Republicans want to raise the retirement age, keeping millions in the work force.
Not just young, What hollow tree have U been sleeping in. It's been going on for 25yrs.UR pandering 2 millennials who don't know real work.
#ArthurHalmonDaniels says, 'I have a job now,'+I hear so much deep+long want+need 4 just THAT;+cry as he describes rewards. 45 til 2020 tho.
You said it, Senator Sanders.
Your Socialism isn't the answer Bernie!



Because they are fucking lazy
Republicans keep telling them to get a job. Quit sending them out of the country.
Hi Senator Sanders I just wanted to meet you I'm very impressed
What kind of work do these "young" people qualify for? Get a life, Bernie !
Because too much tax money goes toward lifetime pay an benefits to Congress an Senate. Support term limits! Stop lifetime pay to electef
Bernie, why not raise minimum wages to $500.00 per hr. then all young people will be replaced by robots? Perhaps you could study business.
Bernie, aren't you like a bazillionaire? Why don't you open a business, hire them, and pay for their healthcare? You have the funds to do it
So the way to increase jobs is through raising taxes and mandatory minimum wages? Does taking rungs out of a ladder make it easier to climb?
Hmm- maybe you should consider the illegals and guest worker visas taking away jobs? Rocket science too much for Democrats @DiamondandSilk
What are you doing about it?
I love this man...
If you want to work, you'll find a job. The problem is working full time and still not making ends meet. You sir done nothing to change it
Make it simple and visceral.  Instead of 'raising the minimum wage' they should declare #NoPovertyLineIfYouWorkFullTime
Hey. In about an hour, you're going to stumble into cause of this problem. #FightFor15
..... Why were you silent on this over the past 8 years?
Or even more importantly, that millions of 50+ people that can't find work due to age discrimination.
NafNaf grill here can't get enough workers to keep up with lunch rush. Hiring constantly, but I guess these "skills" can't be found
What were you @POTUS44 & TheDemocrats doing for last 8 years?  You didn't notice what results your Party was producing? @realDonaldTrump
#FederalJobGuaranteeNOW
You can thank Clinton for that. Does NAFTA ring a bell? Btw, Obama made it worse.
Do you know who wrote NAFTA?
Irrelevant. Clinton had the opportunity to squash it, but chose to sign instead.
LOL.  So the ppl who wrote and pushed the law and ultimately voted to ratify it doesn't matter.  Got it.
This happens all the time. In this case, the one person who could have spared America, caved to spec interests.
LOl so blame the one person instead of the many who wrote it, pushed it, and proposed it to Congres......mmmk lmao
I blame them all the time. But Clinton was the one who told America this was a good thing for them.
Most likely you have voted for those that wrote it, and still continue to vote for them.  Consistency?
All my life I was told get an education and you will go far. Found out early it's not what you know it's who. It's why idiot's run countries
Why don't you directly ask the CEOs of high tech industry why they hire so many people from India and China.
Most young people don't work, even if they have jobs. If work is involved with the job, they quit and get another job.
Because of your dem values....
Maybe it's because of 8 years of Obama 
How do we get you to speak at Middlebury over MLK weekend?
Lol! The US Army is always hiring ! I never complained I signed the dotted line and served!
Bernie please follow up on Ghe job next mbers that trump created and wages being of for these wonderful jobs, where are they
A lot of Seniors are staying employed. So no making room for the younger generation. Both ends are in need of jobs and money.
Oh like you would know how to create a job ? Be serious
What was your first job?
I call shenanigans. We have lots of jobs here. Youngsters don't want 'em. I think they feel they are too good to start & gain work ethic.
Who's fault is that when progressives like you all you push for is for freebies. That's no plan at all and thats why Dems lost last electon
You are seriously a complete economic illiterate
@SenSanders this guy doesn't give a crap about the hood, he's rich people wake up....@realDonaldTrump hired millions of people this jerk 0
8 years of Obama and NOW you bring this up. Hmmm . . .
first of all, high school isn't even that hard. how tf people dropping out. I literally passed at the top of my class and didn't even try.
Raising the mimumium wage cuts jobs because employers can't afford as many employment opportunities. Pick your side, you can't be on both.
Agreed.
Dear Senator millions of young people can not find work : made in USA , consuming American products,lower cost& export USA goods
Tell the to stop having premarital sex!
There's a ton of jobs around here for the young people,,but they are to damn lazy to work,, so knock it off Bernie
8 yrs of Obama's failed economic policies, Job killing Obamacare and EPA regulations, and flooding the country with cheap illegal laborers.
Bernie,company's don't want to pay unskilled,uneducated young people $15 a hour.the Democratic push 2 $15 is responsible for the unemployed
The work young people had when I was growing up those that cross the boarder have or their parents won't let them work because of gov asst.?
Anyone that agrees with this or needs a job then message me privately. I will hire you on the pipeline.
Caused by ACA, Dodd Frank, EPA over regulations, BLM land grabs, Hi corporate taxes, OSHA power grabs, TPP, NAFTA, all things you voted 4!
I see help wanted signs everywhere.... oh that's right they expect to get payed 6 figures for there first job
Bernie never held a steady job till he was 40. He has no idea how to simulate the economy and create more jobs. Trump already doing it.
because frankly technology is making work evaporate faster than it can create jobs.
The Dem can take the heat for this lack of the three R's.  Can't even make change at McD without a promt. Yuz guys failed these kids
And why us that BERNARD... Cause they have no skills. The public education system gas failed them. They can't balance a check book.
My nephew just graduated with bachelor degrees in chemistry and economics. He is bartends, can't find another job.

Mr Sanders YOU are a SYMBOL of CHANGE & HOPE of those of us humans that care to WAKE UP & STRIVE to ACHIEVE GROWTH with LOVE & EMPATHY 
The sad thing is, in many places there are jobs, but have a wage so low they can't come close to being able to live on it
Stop the call to price them out of jobs with minimum wage increases!!
Ever hear of Peace Corps? Job Corps? Nothing new. Kennedy did it!

That's because you keep telling them they need to make more than they might deserve you are a rabblerouser
The Russia, Russia, Russia narrative allows right-wing Dems to substitute nonsense for issues like education.
You can find a job. It's all the entitled brats who believe they should be starting a job as management or making at least six figures. NOT
When they think the deserve 15 and hour yeah they can't find work
How long have youh been in the Senate? And after @BarackObama bar I thought they all had jobs? Was that a lie? Say it ain't so... #elitest
Talk to someone that you know who will Vote or, if you vote on it, vote NO on repeal and replace! Thank you!
Couldn't find work for 2 yrs after losing my job,temped another 2. G8ful 4 work the past 2 yrs. I know others (+here in ME) aren't so lucky.
unemployment rate is down, lowest food stamp participation in 12 years, The MSM is too busy trying to find a clue, to report these FACTS!
It's not that they can't .... these kids are brainwashed liberal monsters Bernie.
Bernie they are all black. They want free shit that you promised them. Give it up.
Keep making small businees implode by imposing ridiculous min wage hikes. Jobs that were meant 2 b steppin stones not career paths
You can thank Obama!
Keep raising minimum wage and you'll see even less jobs. Good work Dems
1/2 of us have, and elected Trump to fix the mess you democrats made.
Large Greedy Corporations keep jobs at minimum to keep ppl in fear of losing theirs. #StudentDebtCrisis #SmallBiz #GreenNewDeal #Fightfor15
Umm. I think a lot choose not to work.
If only there had been someone running for president who planned to create enough green sector jobs to power US homes by 2020.  Oh right...
Beyond mine too. Get off your butts and stop relying on gov't handouts!!!
Why is sanders not our president!
Yes sir. Thank you Obama. Good job!
It's as if you've never taken an economics class.
While he is "listening" what most@don't realize that this is a result of the Stalinist policies he has supported
And in top of "no jobs" for the "just graduated" - they have a ton of educational loan debt !!!
It's because the government has made them lazy.
1) Don't drop out of high school 2) Don't major in Feminist Literature 3)Don't get pregnant as a teen or impregnate as a teen
Hey Bernie, why don't YOU start a huge corporation to employ them. $25/hr( at least), free health/dental care, paid family leave, 401(k) etc
Thank you Bernie
Soooo true!
Oh, you mean like the legislation for jobs that you have passed over the past 30 worthless years you have been a career politician? Right.
This is totally stupid; every fast food joint and grocery store in the US has "help wanted" signs out.  Kids staying in school would help..
Maybe if they stop dropping out or stop getting busted with drugs they'd get hired, if they even ever applied at all.  What a joke!
