Separatist, nationalist, contrarian tendencies, I doubt that he will budge. Tell him not to promote universal healthcare and he'll do it.
Thank you for speaking up, Mr Sanders.
Yeah well we're about to be the only third world country to not cover citizens thanks to Annoying Orange
No. Sadly @SenSanders got sucked in by the Russians too. Hot-miked phones will prove his undoing along with trump etal.
So Bite my butt, He's my President!
My life jacket works great, but I don't need it with Trump. But the Hillary Clinton supporters had better get theirs on, she's going down!
Hillary is old News. Get over it. Trumptanic, on the other hand ran into an iceberg.
Explain yourself Lucy! I just don't believe that.
Beanie baby shut up
As far as healthcare is concerned, all democrats have sat on their asses, and put their faith in the imploding ObamaCare mess! Really now!
Pres. Trump, for basically the first and most effective time ever, has a way to literally bypass corporate media and your upset about it?
You're*
Still not a right Bernie. You're just a typical politician.
I find it so strange that Americans insist on the right to bear arms but claim that there shouldn't be a right to healthcare.
We insist on it because we have this fancy piece of paper called the Constitution that guarantees the right to bear arms.
We are the only country to have that right, and as a result, our gun crime rate is leagues above that of other developed countries.
Although I know it will probably never happen, I think the second amendment should be repealed and replaced with tougher gun laws...
...such as the ones that said other developed countries have. To understand where I'm coming from, watch this
Do us all a favor.....Stick with YouTube video games and let the grown folks handle the firearms
Why should it be guaranteed?
Folks call him the crazy old man but he's the only man making sense! #Bernie
Keep driving Senator Sanders, we're with you. We'll get there.
Health care for all should be automatic. An unhealthy person does not function well,can spread disease,needs looking after,and is in danger
Kinda funny that we're the only free country in the world too eh??
Watttommie1@gmail.com
As a European it is crazy to watch how hard you have to fight for something so basic. keep fighting.
It is crazy for million of us to. As long as politicians prefer corporations over people nothing is going to change.
You have no brain Bernie! If the media activity didn't tell my stories, or changed their meanings, I would post them PUBLICLY too
Yes, Ur right, but stop forcing people to pay for abortions thru medicare if they dont want it, it is abomination to kill unborn!!!
They ya go Bernie still telling it like it is
Then again, letting Trump tweet illustrates his ignorance so beautifully. Even if it is America's biggest embarrassment! :D

As a Canadian, I cannot fathom the resistance from those who would benefit from universal health care. Keep up the good fight Senator.
Still feeling the Bern!
for a while like forever..
no wait.. he can go on tweeting and stop being president
And worked to make it happen.
And your tweeting!!
Perhaps you should quit tweeting  you sell out from...
And you should stop pushing America to be like Europe. Say no to an American NHS
.
Do you ever regret not doing more to help the DEMs win the WH?
Please don't misjudge, I'm not a never Hillary Bernster.
No worries--you are politically active which is great for our country. All the best &! Instill love Bernie. Just not for POTUS
Call me crazy, but I  al franken!
I won't call you crazy--I love him too. Another for your radar..Kamala Harris
Your love of corporate dems is vomit inducing.
Careful there Todd.. don't choke on your argument
A fractured left is a losing left
And stop golfing 
So only Obama was allowed on the links?
Maybe U should stop tweeting 4 awhile...focusing instead on keeping your wife out of jail for her criminal financial deeds.

#MAGA #TRUMP
Maybe you should get information from valid sources instead of faux news. Jane did nothing illegal; it's a GOP witch hunt against Bernie.
Witch hunt. Where have I heard that before?
I think you might need to take your own advice; worry about you district.
You realize Bernie has someone who tweets for him most of the time so he can keep working. Unlike 45 who tweets whatever drivel he thinks of
Yeah, with a FBI investigation and college issues.. I can see where that would be a problem.
Those have no relevance on the amount of work Bernie puts in. And you really want to talk investigations in relation to 45? 
Yes I would. Being he is not under a investigation. Although @SenSanders has been announced as being under investigation..

I did think the picture was funny though..like this this one!


Please take away his phone, and his presidency
You guarantee  expansion of welfare, cost of living raises for seniors , protection of illegal criminals, U want  us in dependence of U,why?
That's the point. It's not a bug, it's a feature.
Bernie sold out, socialism and one payer health care will never work. Bernie's wife is going to jail for fraud. No cred.
it's a good idea but it's totally unrealistic and you know that,as you know that many people die thanks of Obama care!
Single payer now so every American can have quality healthcare! And they will w single payer, Medicare-for-All!
Health CARE has been guaranteed by law for years.  You are talking about insurance which is not appropriate for paying for all care
our president should NEVER stop tweeting! #trumptrain
"A nation moves faster if you're healthy first rather than wealthy first." - Hans Rosling
Healthcare is a service. Not a right. Not a privilege. Find a retirement home and learn to paint or something.
He is not used  to having to think on his own
and hoped we stay that way instead of becoming a socialist hellhole like you want mr sanders
Maybe those countries you note might have tougher time financing those health plans if they didn't have us providing bulk of their defense.

I want to beg him to stop the incessant bragging (Jesus!!) and 6th grade tweeting. Go to your room, do your frigging homework!
U should stop tweeting, u tweet more, let the people that work be compensated by employer,let ppl decide, u r just a divider, fool.
It's not a guarantee, and the UN doesn't dictate to America, these countries think of themselves as elitist, HA!,welfare bumbs.
Yeah well I can tell ya that the system in place for Medicaid is long waits for sp docs.,yank your teeth dentistry, clinics filled with ppl
We're the only country in the world with out a half assed socialized medical system
Seems a Waste of Time Trying to Convince a Dead Man of Anything Frankly.
Obama care hurts nobody
I'm not following your "stop tweeting" directive. Why would less communication from @POTUS to the American people be a good thing? #MAGA
We're 20+ trillion in debt. How about we get our financial house in order before adding yet another open ended gov program?
Much to my dismay n many others w/out HCI, I believe he knows this n cares naught. Trump was/is never about doing always about removing
You're not guaranteeing health care you are guaranteeing health insurance through a corporate welfare scam funded by the American taxpayer
I don't qualify but I am happy that those who need it get it.
They were getting it before people just wanted to bitch about how it was being paid for well now they've made the problem financially worse
You are an insufferable hack
But he wouldn't know what else to do
You lie, being in congress you give yourself the best health care, the best salaries, the best retirement and take money under the table.
And that it doesn't work! Single payer =more government control you should retire Sanders your out of touch
Yet the world when they face the worst of diseases find ways2 come2America2b healed. Why is that? Bc WE have the best HC system in the world
Bernie "Larry Fine" Sanders, playing his fiddle on health care, cant explain why single payer wouldnt work in his own home state of Vermont.
why so MSM can run the narrative of lies
Go to England & live.
Absolutely correct, Healthcare is a human right. You can't have life liberty and the pursuit of happiness without life!
Speak for your money #Bernie.  I saved mone & I'm hanging onto it.
We're also the only country on earth that would let Hillary Your wife & 1/2 half the dems run free after their crime spree of 8 + years!
You tweet just as much.
YOU @SenSanders sellout full of #LibHypocrisy should stop tweeting/telling @POTUS what to do & go help prepare your crooked wife's defense 
Single payer period!
Bern. How's that Obamacare working for you personally???
Other countries dont pay for their military.  We need to protect  US. Or we will be dead and insurance won't matter if we're dead#getreal
Thank you Bernie!!!
Heard BS (Bernie Sanders...not what you were thinking) interview w Chuck Todd & he couldn't explain how Vermont couldn't afford universal HC
UK guarantees healthcare for all people but doesn't deliver
Guaranteed heath care = VA
& YOU & YOUR "WIFE" SHOULD STOP COMMITTING BANK FRAUD & PICKING ON THE DISABLED!!!!!!!!!! 
That is ok.  We do not do socialism!
And Barnie sanders should just admit his only tool is giving sh*t away for votes.
ONE PAYER FOR ALL WITH TESLA CARE FOR 10% ers 
We have odumbo care Bernie.. I thought that would save us all.. Now what oh hows that new beach house?
Explain to us how it becomes affordable when you've spent 20trillion we don't have already? We are bankrupt now!
You @SenSanders want all to have it make it affordable it will happen on its own.
Yes that socialized medicine worked out great for Charlie Gard!
Healthcare costs have risen because Americans are getting more unhealthy. Obesity, shit food, shit excessive, shit lifestyle
just let the free market and capitalism do there thing. Need to work on budgeting before we talk about free health care
I meant their btw
Like Venezuela? The government can't fix the economy,
Is it just the name Obama that makes his insurance bad it was good until he started calling it Obamacare instead of the Affordable Care Act
Ha you should stop tweeting, go to your lake house work on the FBI investigation. #SELLOUT
Old Crook Bernie still chewing Hypocrisy Bones While Stealing Young Americans Money, taking Clinton Bribes and Pimping free stuff Lies

You're tweeting right now a-hole!!!!
Amen
If anyone should stop tweeting Bernie, it's YOU! You are totally useless to this country.
Makes sense public option need 2 work on our healthcare issues -high prices here USA it can be more affordable  people before high profits
SO, why don't you go to one of those WONDERFUL Countries .. instead of trying to make this Country, just like them? #socialismsucks
Bernie, thank you so much for pushing us towards universal healthcare. It will be a great achievement if we get there!!
It's also the only country to put man on the moon... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Why don't you move to another country and promote your BS and let us know how it works for you
And the only way to get it is with a major new party
If anybody should stop tweeting it is you. You are clueless
If anybody should stop tweeting it is you that are clueless
Yea and if morons like you would notice that it is not working in other countries either. Canadians come here because of long waits
Doesn't Sanders mean "health insurance"? Do U.S. hospitals turn away the uninsured now?
What makes America unique? We love freedom. We love working for a living. We love supporting our families, not depending on "government".
Until you give up your exemption and YOU are forced to live  under obamacare you are just another socialist hypocrite .
Except maybe the U.K.?  To wit Charlie Gard.
Not a function of the Fed, and not good for the country. Go experience healthcare elsewhere (I have).
KISS OF DEATH FOR OBAMACARE - Four BANKRUPT states under ObamaCare get 40 % of the OBAMACARE TAX money: NY MD MA CA
Bernie shd score a constitution and bill of rights for dummies & point out where in health insurance is listed as a "right" #Venezuelaorbust
@SharylAttkisson And Bernie should be thanking the American taxpayers for his 3 houses, which they paid for.
Bernie2020
You never answered Jake's question
Few would argue against the right to clean water & nutritious food, but health care is asking too much? They should go without for a few yrs

No guarantees in life.
Hi Bernie, Why did you vote against the Russia Sanctions Bill?
Resisting socialism has made us the richest, most powerful nation in history. Your want to redistribute our wealth abroad. Traitorous ass.
Exactly Mr. Sanders we are unique, we do not want to conform to other "major" countries.
Why R you not attacking Hillary and the DNC for stealing your election! I know why,your bought and paid 4. Globalist scum just like Hillary
Do you have any idea how inferior healthcare is in countries that "guarantee" HC?  I do, recent experience. Single payer destroys quality
That's actually not true - Every Hospital that receives federal funds can not turn away ANYONE due to not having insurance & must treat them
When will you get it through your thick head that healthcare IS NOT a right!!!!
You should stop tweeting and realize you and your wife are under federal investigation.
The problem Mr. Sanders, is who is going to be forced to provide that "right"?
Not a proper function of government
And whoes fault is that?  Stop blaming the tweeting you are not fooling anyone.
You like your 3 big houses, you income? You get to pay for thousands to have healthcare insurance. How many  will it cover?
Why don't you stop tweeting Bernie?
That's just not true
We don’t want socialism.  If we did, you would be president. But you aren’t.
And we are 19 trillion in fed debt
Absolutely not @POTUS continue tweeting. How many of those countries have 330M residents? Does congress get another exemption
The president is about to expose how they stole your nomination.
Yeah, it's called a FREE market.
I dont think he cares... malignant narcissist never do
Yeah, and all these "major counties" have abortion laws far more restrictive than ours.  AND they don't federally fund abortions.  PUTZ!
If that statement were true, that would be tantamount to allowing your child to do something because "all of the other kids" are allowed.
We like hearing what  really going on. Not just what you all scwabble about.
Really? Name ONE hospital in America that turns people away. Just one.

Stop confusing health CARE with health INSURANCE.
It's that way because the majority of Americans don't want single payer Bernie!
@SharylAttkisson Because health care is not free nor is it a right. Its a service someone must pay for.
Sanders admits Obamacare is failing when he says people are struggling to afford health care
I would like millionaire status and three homes guaranteed to everyone. #BankFraudBernie
Block grant back to the states - no single payer - federal government out of health care  business - please !
When something is free there's an unlimited demand for head.  That makes rationing bt govt a necessity.
You should realize America is the only country FINANCIALLY BAILING OUT many other countries in the world because of these "guarantees."
Tweeting is free speech, something you pinhead socialists always go after first. #Venezuela
Other countries rationalize health care by waiting list and reduced choice of care. US healthcare is superior in quality, (4 country expnce)

Bernie:  Blah blah blah. Socialist, but then that's a compliment for you. You have more Russian connections than President Trump.
So Obamacare never passed?  Stupid.
Like little Charlie Gard?
I kinda like the idea of him keeping his crazy transparent. #tweeterinchief
Bernie, if i wanted to pay for everyone else's healthcare, I'd move to a Socialist or Communist country.
The President should tweet all he wants!  Then I know for certain what he is thinking. Not what media wants me to know
The US also has the best healthcare in the world, so...
NO more bailouts for anybody! no govt communist healthcare. Executive order ALL senators & house reps have to be on ACA
Bernie, perhaps you should stop tweeting for awhile & realize America is the only country smart enough to NOT socialize health care!
And the only major country where you can be a millionaire and own 3 homes just for being an elected official all your life.
Again,healthcare isn't a right it's a privilege! If U can point out Bill of Rights orConstitution states healthcare is a right please do it!
How about Magnitsky's health Bernie, did not give a shit about his health?
I think I even remember you tweeting support for regime change in Syria.  That's evil.
Pres Trump tweets to give Americans the facts since the lame stream media pisses on facts. You aint helping US either.
You're traitor! You voted no on #singlepayer & Russia sanctions. You don't even get involved with the #dnc lawsuit. #bankfraudbernie
Move to Venezuela comrade
I am guaranteed "Healthcare" through the VA. Wanna know what it's gotten me? I am "unfixable after 20 years in their "care".
BIG difference between Health Insurance and actual Health Care. Need to make sure folks are understanding the difference!
If healthcare is so wonderful in Canada and Great Britian why do they come here for care?
It's not the healthcsre, it's the insurance that is in question.
#ThanksObama
Tapper is loser liberal never-Trumper, certainly no journalist and Bernie is a Communist, what more can be said.
Why are you worried about trump tweeting?  You keep tweeting about supporting Russian sanctions and lies about Russian hackers.
So move somewhere else - PLEASE!!!!!
It's also the only major country that isn't socialist, communist, or some other form of tyranny
Do you realize how stupid you sounded in that interview!
Medicaid fraud next for you and the wife?
Healthcare for all yes, health insurance for all..another story.  Pipe down socialist fraud
Idiot
We are a republic not a democracy
You don't like it Bernie?  Pack your bags & move!
America was built to get away from likes of you
You mean like Venezuela? Or Brazil and Cuba?
