Fact, They pay very high taxes! Fact they have to wait 4 specialist 4 many months that most of them die! FACT! Poor quality of healthcare
FACT: Tax revenue per capita USA=$14,794, Canada=$13,771 (OECD data)
FACT: Health Care Rankings: USA=#37, Canada=#30 (WHO data)
I'm Canadian, where we believe in health care for everybody because we understand that anyone can get sick, or injured, at any time. We ...
U don't live in the USA & never had 2 deal with Garbage Health Ins Dems Party R Criminals & I don't have the time 2 inform U.Do the research
My husband is from the USA and a good friend and a few others. None of them will move back.  I don't have to research. My Mom was in ...
... hospital in the USA and had great insurance, but left as soon as they would let her so she could get back to Canada & her own doctor!
I'm Canadian. On Good Friday I had an eye problem & went to the busiest Emergency rm in the city. I waited for about 2 hrs and was seen ...
... by a doctor there who said I needed a specialist. She booked me for a clinic the next day. On Saturday of a long weekend I was seen ...
by the specialist and it turned out not to be as big a problem as we feared. I saw him again 6 weeks later for followup. My cost? ALL of ...
... it was covered by Canadian Health Care which I pay for through my taxes. $0 out of pocket.
How much did I pay for pre/post natal care, broken ankle incl crutches, carpal tunnel surgery, annual Dr checkups, ER visits, etc?  $0.00
I paid almost $10,000 for 3 surgeries after I broke my ankle. #MEDICAREFORALL #Medicare4All  yes, I have "good" insurance.
Wow! That's crazy! Can't believe that the U.S. still has not implemented the single payer system. Works for everyone regardless of income.
We have to pay the deductible, and a new rip off called co-insurance. The con never ends. #MEDICAREFORALL #Medicare4All
I really feel for you guys - there is no reason to pay these sky high premiums/deductibles!  I hope your elected officials get it together!
This social media launch has been amazing!  I've tweeted before, I'll tweet again.  My sister loves her Canadian healthC
What do you classify emergency? Average wait times in gta in er unless you close to code blue minimum 5 hours in good day.
Yeah, but if you desperately need a hip replacement you wait. Unless you are wealthy and can get one in Buffalo.
Danielle, remind me again where Healthcare is in the Constitution?  That's right its not, so I don't care about Canadian wait lines, sorry
Healthcare is a right.
Or just because you say so, or someone else says so...hmmm...
We do have to pay for parking at the hospital though. Life is tough.
Parking is free at hospitals in PEI!
hahaha too funny. Go to a Canadian emergency room. Their signs tell you that you will wait 2 hours at least to see a medical professional.
ER's aren't for a bad cold or a sore throat or vague leg pain, unless youre knocking on deaths door or cut your hand off. You can wait
I can tell you've haven't been left waiting in Emergency with a broken leg waiting hours for the doctor to arrive. Lucky you.
I'm not trying to be an asshole, but we wait here too(unless youre wealthy) We also pay small fortunes for the ER . Nothing's perfect .
No matter what anyone tells you there are private hospitals in Toronto where the wealthy get fabulously quick service.
Many of these comments seem to be confusing waiting in a clinic/hospital with waiting for  urgent care/operations. Not the same thing at all
My son was very ill it took 2 trips to emerg b4 he was admitted on a thurs..didn't get a scope until Mon...so spare me people r uniformed.
Oops!! I don't think that was part of the script. Yikes! Wait for months or longer to see neurologist
2 144 days later I saw the Hematologist. 2 weeks later I had a bone marrow biopsy. 2 weeks later I had a diagnosis. Add it up 172 days.
1 I had CBC count falling to point where I would bleed and bruise easily. My doctor referred me to the hematologist at local cancer centre
We had that before!  Emergency room denial was illegal!  What's your point
Patently false selling our healthcare as something 2 emulate.UK has a far and away better system n costs taxpayer less.21Yr old died waiting
May not wait for urgent care, but could and can wait for acute, chronic or potentially life saving imaging or critical therapeutic modality
This is u sayin u'd rather keep a segregated system in place so others get no care in order for elites to get care quicker #medicareforall
Not saying that at all. In favour of #healthcarefor all and enjoy it as a proud Canadian. That said, hard to be universal, fast and free
Ok but all of us waiting a bit longer for certain services is better than a big chunk of people never getting those services right?
Absolutely!!!! Again, it's about perspective. http://www.who.int/healthinfo/paper30.pdf … many sides to this conversation!
@picardonhealth  writer provides great dialogue wrt 'ideal'  healthcare https://www.theglobeandmail.com/opinion/bernie-sanders-medicare-for-all-plan-should-leave-canadians-drooling-with-envy/article36289244/?service=amp … sounds better!@SenSanders
3 Is that an acceptable wait for a possible Leukemia case? If you believe it is, I would suggest that you look at H/C beyond ideology.
So tired of all the lies when it comes to national health care. I lived in France and never had any issues with  getting quality care.
Bernie is an absolute LIAR. https://youtu.be/SZ14-JipXwo 
Let them eat Hasenpfeffer.

#RabbitMeat
#BroYouLookSvelteAreYouOnAtkinsAgain
#NoFamJustSocialism
There is a Huge problem with your argument:  The GOVERNMENT nurse or doctor  gets to say whether it's an emergency or not.
Not so! If you don't arrive by ambulance you will be in a very long Triage line.
If your kid has the sniffles you what
Thank you 

It's the non-emergency care that takes forever.

Right. Buerocrats decide whether it's a true emergency or not while patients die.  American vets know how this works
The American Way (currently): no insurance means no waiting -- because you're not even in the queue.
Inadequate access affects more in the US than Canada. Much work to do. I am not insurable in the US.  Can't go home. #Healthcare hostage.
The Best of Canadian healthcare  equals the best in the US. The big difference is that anyone can have access to the best in Canada.
I'm a US citizen who trained at Mayo and worked at Cleveland Clinic-- I've received care here and in the US. The data match my experience.
Shorter wait times for all kinds of care if ppl were seen before it becomes serious and get preventive care when they can't afford it.
Propaganda from the filthy Corporations!

America is the world's largest terrorist state.
So not true. At least in Quebec.  You have to wait for hours at the emergency.  And there is a private system for people who can pay.
You only wait if you abuse the ER for non-urgent problems. True emergencies are not sent to the waiting room, they get in right away.
Very urgent yes.  But wait can be 7-15+ hours for others and nowhere else to go.  Ok to compare but let's be honest! Still, I prefer .
If it's real good the GOP will say it's really bad. If it's bad they will say it's bad or nothing.
Who wants to live in Canada anyway? Only reason to go there is for Hunting or Fiahing. They love coming here especially for Procedures
In 2016 I was diagnosed Sept 1 with lung cancer. After 3 weeks of testing to see if I was a candidate I had surgery 3 wks later.
You do ! My BiL had symptoms of a brain tumour .. he was taken right away and a MRI tow days later
You can't compare us to Canada on healthcare, we've got 10x the population want work.
Tag line "if its an emergency "
Trouble is, you can't get in fast enough to keep your condition from becoming an "emergency". Wonder what their def of an "emergency" is.
Overall wait times in B.C. have hit historic highs, according to the Fraser Institute, which has produced the survey report for two decades

Story of American receiving emergency care in Canada
For elective procedures you might have to wait and plus we have 45000 who die every year because they don't have access to basic healthcare
Thank you for trying to open the eyes of the American people. We're dying over here, literally...
Tell it like it is, people in the us don't get it!!
Anyone have a good comparative data set for this topic?
I work in the ER. Americans have no clue about what constitutes an emergency, due to lack of primary care and education #systemfail #resist
I imagine wait times in metro areas are going to be much higher than more rural and suburban areas.
If you like it so much why don't you move to Canada
Bernie, u love canada so much, move there. America = Capitalism. Our govt simply doesn't have funds to compensate all healthcare workers.
Do you know how much of your premiums go to denial of care, and how much to profit?  Keep your job. Don't get sick. You'll be okay.
Bernie, are you Canadian? If you like their program so much, then move. You lost POTUS. America has spoken. Now go home. You have 3 of them.
how do wait times compare for minor or elective procedures?
If Republicans don't like/want UHC, they're welcome to live their lives without it!
Government run healthcare ALWAYS works take Venezuela for example
Same in Ireland. My 90 year old father has a stroke two weeks ago. Paramedics at his home in 10 mins. Admitted to stroke center in 30 mins.
No just average 20 week wait times for surgery
The absurd idea that the GOP found a DR. who made it sound like Canadians are rushing the border for OUR healthcare is beyond stupid.
This is entirely dependent on where in Canada are you live! I waited for more than five hours in the emergency room with a child who had /1
hit his head on bricks. Because they left him with that wound for so long, his wound got infected a couple days later and he now has /2
Got that right !
Let's get Congress and Senate on Medicare - PRONTO
Litmus test Real Time Healthcare For ALL
@foxnews
Your taxes are crippling & wait times for operations are up to 18 months.
@scrowder @NotGayJared care to weigh in? :P
I have friends in Canada and they like their healthcare. A friend of mine was in an accident in Canada and was life-flighted no cost.
A truth about socialism: It distributes poverty equally
Can rabbit meat save Venezuela from going hungry? http://cnn.it/2xn4rxk  
We don't wait for any urgent care. My last hosp visit wasn't urgent & I was still in within 30min. Some wait a bit longer, but it's $0. 

FLASHBACK: Bernie Sanders in 1987 said “If we expanded Medicaid to everybody...we would bankrupt the nation.” 
Not sure what Doctor you paid to speak but she is only speaking as a doctor NOT as a patient. #Canadian #healthcare #MedicareForAll
Canada doesn't have national defense.. also.. where does $14,000,000,000,000 come from?
Emergency care>you will wait unless it is an accident &/or you came in by ambulance or if u have a heart attack in the waiting room.
That's how emergency rooms should run. If you aren't in critical need of medical attention( an actual medical emergency) you wait
Do you not see how terrible our government manages the VA? You really want that same inept government to manage all of our healthcare?
And btw....
It's not free..
Most everyone (that can afford it) pay monthly for basic health insurance.
Not in Alberta! When we did have premiums they were $40/month. What are you paying in BC?
$150/month for a family.. still cheap..
And if not, 2 months wait?
I had a routine physical check-up today at Kaiser Permanente that I had to wait 2 months for. this is not unusual in the United States
My dad died in U.S. hospital waiting for care. had great insurance, hospital had cut corners for shareholders that cost many their lives.
When everyone is in the system, the wait will be longer than when not all have access. My emerg. Gallbladder surgery not delayed at all $0
You're arguing the strawman.  Emergencies aren't the issue. Try scheduling a routine MRI for cancer detection. You're so misinformed.
...meanwhile in reality....
https://www.gofundme.com/impeaching-trump-very-difficult-so …
Urgent Care facilities in US are a joke. Anything more than a cough your sent to ER anyway.
CANADIANS HATE THEIR HEALTHCARE! DRINK SOME MORE KOOLAIDE!
Haha ..keep drinking the koolaide!
The Canadian is excellent. It's efficient and highly liked by Canadians -
same thing in the USA.  What are the average wait times for regular appts. in Canada?
Your wrong. I have a friend with cancer who has to wait 6 months to see a doctor and get treatment.
Me: Broken clavicle -> Three weeks to get surgery.
My dad: Hit by a car -> In surgery within hours.

This is how a system should work.  
This is a very rosy view of Canadian Health care
Accurate though
I dont know - there are some real problems with health care, especially outside of the cities
Examples?
I have so many you are going to get bored lol!
try me
My dad was misdiagnosed with prostate cancer up here - we had to go to the us to get a second opinion (which saved him) bc we didnt have 1/2

