What do you think the VA is? Look how well that govt run healthcare is. Why wouldn't we all want THAT!? Wake up people
Ok let us know how much we will all have to pay. You know this isn't feasible. Yet, you throw it out there. Sad
So eager to spend so much of other people's money.
Shes Totally reading a script.. who buys into this medicare for all crap? Yeah, lets bankrupt the country even more so to pay for so-so care
How are you going to pay for? You have no understanding of economics. Ethical or not is irrelevant when others have to pay for it. #stealing
Some of the money can be diverted from that frigging wall. That's what the orange headed fool should be thinking about. If he thinks at all.
There's actually no money allotted for the wall right now? So how about we take money from the illegal aliens collecting welfare instead?
How do you pay for it?

And yet people still come to U.S. for top of the line healthcare. Why is that do u suppose?
It is because you are lazy and want to make America lazier not great again @SenKamalaHarris. Do we all get Part A, B & D through UHC?
Anything government gets involved with they screw it up and cost only go up. Obama care was suppose to fix it but we know how that worked
That is one persons Opinion!  I would choose it for disabled and old; but I refuse to to give Medicare to healthy young people that can work
In 1970s my father paid a mortgage on our farm, owned a mew truck, put food on the table, paid the bills and paid for both med and dental...
The difference between then and now is government interference
Not only the right thing to do but best way to minimize potential epidemics that coulld harm everyone, including the greedy Rich.
Medicare is a joke I'm on it.  She didn't  talk about the Rx donuthole where you have to pay 5k to get out of.  This broad is lost
Yawn
Thank you!!
Don't  thank her. She is just pandering for votes. She still serves her corporate masters.
What corporate sponsors?  She's going against the big insurance companies!
She's promising to.  It could be genuine, or there could be something going on behind the scenes.  Skepticism is warrented for now.
Promise in one hand and shit in the other and tell me which one fills up first.
Don't get me wrong.  I think she's up to something.  That said, we shouldn't alienate her until we know for sure what her game is.
They alienated us first. They want my vote earn it now or kick rocks. I could be fishing.
Lol lol lol lol lol lol ! Your in support of communism that's your thing
I don't trust her.
The question is, is it constitutional? No. Try reading it sometime. Your emotions don't supersede our laws.
Rt on
We have been waiting 9 years for Enhanced Medicare for All. We must punish healthcare gougers with taxes.


Bull!  It would just mean TOTAL government control, and you KNOW it!
Can you please run for President in 2020?!!
The "right thing to do" is to trap American's in a gov't-run program with ongoing funding problems?
Funny how we only started having funding problems after Congress started cutting taxes on the wealthy and corporations.
Funny how the actuarial assumptions were obsolete decades ago. Also, Medicare has its own tax structure. Gov't ALWAYS wants more $$$.
Is that why they keep giving tax cuts and creating offshore tax havens?  Calling BS on your actuarial accusations as well.  #PartisanStooge
The offshore tax havens are for the same reasons that CA Democrats gave their Hollywood donors & cronies $330M/year in corporate welfare.
But medicare for all isn't medical for all. 
I keep hearing it's moral and ethical, but it's going to hurt ACA
LOL. It annihilates ACA and covers EVERYONE. Good riddance.
You're confusing single payer medicare with single payer healthcare. The two have zero to do with each other, as Sanders proposed it.
Yeah I don't understand what you are saying. Medicare for All and Single Payer seem pretty clear to me.
Have you read anything on it. This will cover people over 65. This isn't medicare for all Americans. This is the misconception.
Read anything about what? Yeah I have worked in and followed health industry for 20 years. Why don't you tell me what you mean?
I thought I did. Don't have time for this. If politicians and the man who dreamed it, can't answer it, you won't be able to
Bernie's bill lowers the Medicare age from 65 to 0 over a 4 year period. Good luck.
She does that, she loses 70% of the party. Ain't a gonna happen.
Thank u!! Total party divider. 's not ready! I mean,C'mon! Take the damn win, fix ACA & focus on UNITING DEMS for some 2018/2020 wins!!
That's what they said about Civil Rights and integration.  Too bad!  It's time to drag this country forward into the light yet again.
Dude, of course I believe in this ideal!! Yet, we will never be in the real position to put this into action w/o more DEMS IN OFFICE!
And we still have to deal with Schumer and Pelosi.  Anything worth doing is rarely easy.
So UR dealing w/BERNIE & THE GODDAMN RUSSIANS. 
FIX OBAMACARE~!~
Yes, fix the 30 y/o plan that basically funnels money into for-profit insurance companies.  Costs will just keep going up.
Not if U can C beyond UR own nose. SET LIMITS~! Our COUNTRY is based on for-Profit concept. Many jobs would go if eliminate Ins. Co.'s Da
K-12 education, police & fire protection, local, state, & national parts....  Somethings shouldn't be driven by a profit motive.
And now every insurance company CEO will pay half their multimillion dollar salary to label her a communist to the rubes.
Hell yeah Kamala! This is how you get #Unity
So proud she is our Senator!!
She wants illegal aliens taken care of also. She's way left and socialist.
This admin and GOP have no morals.
So do the Libs have any laws ?
Coincidentally, that is also why I'm already supporting you as the 2020 Democratic candidate for president.
Good luck with that.
How about YOU go on Medicare, Kamela. You wait in line for for care. You have little or no choice of your Dr. and have govt make decisions.
Bernie is posturing! This will never come up for a vote. Are you going to just LET them pass Graham/Cassidy & leave US uninsured??
@POW_Vote Time to get the for-profit middle men (insurance companies) out of healthcare.
It's the wrong thing to do
Then why not support the movement to make Medicare like the Canadian model..?
Bc we have millions more than live in Canada. That's the problem....too many people here. Difficult, but not impossible to cover everyone
Sorry Kamala it's stupid litmus test that's going to screw Dem Party when GOP on ropes @SenSanders tearing @DNC apart w/his impractical idea
Where in the constitution does it say this is the responsibility of the federal government? You can keep your BS Medicare for all.
Exactly the last thing our Country needed, another fool in WA. Your track record sealing your fate.
Sucked for CA&NOW upped stupidity
#BernieSanders :
In 1987,Bernie Sanders said if everyone was on medicaid it'd bankrupt the US. Now he's fighting for single payer?#ChildCare4All @seanhannity 
Amen
Sounds like a parent's logic.  "Because I said so."  Other people's money!


Word of advice. Hire all the regular insurance employees that will loose their jobs. Not the CEOs. Just the 9 to 5 workers.
It's time!
Having kids isn't a good reason to get benefits! A widower w/small children I would help for a while. I heard a 17yr say I'll just get preg.
Crazy narrative. Majority of health providers refuse Obamacare. Gov't clinics provide terrible healthcare and our filled w/the incompetent
Totally false narrative.  Another talking point.  We all know how disastrous gov't healthcare is.  Ie. Vet hospitals/obamacare
Best of all, end all the scams of medicare! Out country will get a great boost to GDP one people wake up and realize is so simple, it works
There are lots of models out there in other countries that have well working systems of universal healthcare which could be adapted for US
Don't pick Canada
That's great coming from someone who doesn't pay for their own healthcare. I'm sick of the middle class footing the bill for liberal ideas.
So is not taking corporate cash. If you need them, you're doing something wrong.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=SZ14-JipXwo …
Only a politician could look at a 20 trillion dollar debt and be like "we need more government."
Thank you for supporting this Kamala!
It's just the right thing to do
It's the stupid thing to do. Instead of the patient being a consumer, the patient becomes a nuisance.
Thank you! I am sick &tired of the majority GOP's paralysis over 8 1/2 yrs to do the rt thing, thkg of themselves, unlike DEMS votg for ACA
Who gets to pay this bill?
No
Thank you, Senator!
Paid for by a 60% tax on the middle class.
For years our taxes pay for the welfare system but our medicare payments are different. Paid for by our hard work. S.S.  Mine not sharing
