Bernie is a 2% give it up @BernieSanders  Maybe after the law suits you can be just like us deplorable's. Have to do some actual work
They can't defend it because doing so is political suicide. Like anyone would straight up say "I profit from death. Vote for me".
What good is Obamacare when there is no coverage available.
Refuse to choose between food for my family & paying into horrible scam.
No coverage is because insurance companies are holding us hostage so they can make big profits. We don't need insurance.We need healthcare.

Are we jealous
They only see $$ in front of them.They have sold their souls, instead of finding ways to provide coverage to helps those who're vulnerable.
BS. As I said earlier you should move to Cuba you would be much happier
They don't want to defend it. They don't want to be questioned. They want us to just accept whatever they demand.
bernie tell your vitriolic followers to calm down & stop the hatred of the 60+million people who voted for @HillaryClinton or have a vagina
Bernie would've won
Either one would have won, had their opponents followers fallen in line. I think that's the whole point.
Division gave us trump.
She didn't appeal to the working class, Bernie did
BTW...I voted Bernie in the primaries.
If you did as well, and then didn't vote for HRC in the general, YOU are the reason we have trump.
Waserman Schultz and hrc are the reason we have Trump!
65,853,516 voters felt differently.
Such a shame they weren't in the states we needed.  Also, as long as Pelosi and Wasserman-Schultz are face of DNC, don't expect to win much
Atheism is the greatest evil on earth. Those who do not believe they will ultimately answer for their behavior are a threat to Life itself.
I mean, Jesus would help the less fortunate
Jesus that is so accurate
2000 pages of will see after we pass it
Huh?
Amen! Preach it Bernie!
Bernie, you're in the top 1% and you use itemized deductions to reduce your own personal tax rate as much as you possibly can! #Hypocrite
Do you even know how much he makes, or how much the top 1% makes? No, they aren't even close. I get it, your poor. He's trying to help you
I get it. You're misinformed! #GreedyBernie #MillionaireSocialist
Total wealth and income art the same thing, and that article is talking about his and his wife's retirement accounts.more importantly, (1/2)
Wrong! The article is talking about the $1M he made this year from his lucrative book deal! Please educate yourself! #GreedyBernie
Please take your meds, you are embarrassing yourself and your family.
EASY - GOVERNMENT SHOULDN'T BE INVOLVED IN HEALTHCARE - ITS A HUGE STEP FOR CONTROL OVER ECONOMY AND PEOPLE - HEALTHCARE ISN'T A RIGHT
Tell us why healthcare shouldn't be a right? Aren't people and their families health worth more than piles of money? Or spending it on war?
How would you feel after spending half your life becoming a doctor, to find out you are just an indentured servant to the government?
That level of salary for medical care is unreasonable. People can't keep paying the amount needed to continue this level of pay! Disgusting
@PatToomey @SenToomey Republicans are hypocrites with zero accountability- Where's the document for the public to view, Shady Pat? #LameDuck
Thanks for nothing, Toomey!
THERE IS A GOD THAT SIT HIGH LOOK LOW AND HE WILL TAKE CARE OF THIS PROBLEM
Bernie better concentrates on how to justify the crimes and abuses against the Venezuelan people!!!!!
Venezuelans aren't Democratic Socialists. Try again.
Socialism of any kind is a well known failure and a previous step for its nasty cousin COMMUNISM to take over
Bernie,  please get in there & pitch your Universal Healthcare single payer proposal to Congress. Show them how it will work. Don't wait!!
Idiot. I can't afford Healthcare or Obamacare. #moron it's the average middle class that's getting screwed.
At least next year the senate will be swarming with democrats (provided you americunts actually vote this time).
You Senator Sanders, have shown your true colors and have lost all credibility...sell out, Christian hater.
How quickly you hypocrites forget. We must pass the bill to see whats in it. Comical you all should be fired. Obamacare failing more daily!!
Failing because insurance companies see their opportunity to raise premiums (For profits) and reduce risks while in cahoots with the GOP.
Bs they have been losing money way before this bill. Get informed and not from the Democraps agenda. Please refer to profile picture.
1/2 OK Darrell. You are obviously a Republican. The root cause of rising costs of premiums is insurance companies trying to make profits.
Wrong I am not Republican.I voted for Obama 2 times. I am a proud American that is tired of worthless politicians.
Obama care has sent me to the poor house!!!  I can't even afford to see a dr anymore!!  Thanks for lookin out for me too Bernie!
Universal Healthcare is the way to go. You won't have premiums. Insurance co. restrict what you can get care for and raises costs each year.
Give it a rest, Bernie.
I mean, he's still a US senator. And this a is topic that effects 1/6th of our economy. Why aren't there hearings on it?
Chill out, Dave.
Excellent points you make...
Thank you, Ronald.
Anyone notice anything strange about that infographic?  It is prophetic as to the number of GOP will be returning to work in 2019 - 0
Commie pig
Its so bad, they have to hide it. #Republican shame
Republican have nothing to with anyone loosing healthcare , it died long time before this
Secrecy sucks for all
In secrecy of course...
I'm with u Sen. Sanders
Hypocrit. Your plan kicked 30 million off to cover 20 million with substandard care
Bernie the capitalist!
This is a dumb post. The bill has to be finalized before debate and amendments. #FakeNews once again. Stirring the pot unnecessarily.
See how they fought to allow us to have it in the first place because it didnt benefit them enough. Throw in a tax break tho and all is well
If I was Bernie, I'd be quite for awhile.  His train left the station long ago
I have not seen a plan from the Dems yet?
Edited for accuracy. But STILL very dire.
? sorry i can not understand im fob from chino land
Improve health care, do not make it a tool for promoting monies for the rich.
Wow! This is compelling !
#TrumpRepublicanCreatedThisEnvironment: SecurityLaxUnderTrump:
#RepublicanConsciousBeTheirGuide:Trump estray leadership along with his yes boss choir, created a intra aggressive attitudes on both sides. 
Cant blame trump for what Democrats do, resistance they say , fight
Trump is to blame for America Swamp drainage. It appears Trump will be sucked up into his own sewer drainage.
Who was there to debate obamacare? You LOCKED out Republicans!!!
He's a socialist nut job that had followers that are murders!!!
Dear Troll:  Not true. Please calm down & stop inciting more hate.  I voted for Bernie in the primary fgs.  Also, people cannot be murders.
Government has zero business in the healthcare industry. Period.
NEW: @SenSanders has point that Senate GOP is minimizing input on health care bill, but exaggerates how much http://bit.ly/2rxe067 
Politifact translating reality like it's the Bible it is not fact checking it is reality twisting to fit the dnc agenda
That's an amazing statistic right there. 
Simplicity c Hippocrates, 50%cheaper, healing vs black-box bandaids
the GOP doesn't care what we think.
Again this rhetoric that's total bullshit caused today's shooting
Wow you all spent that much time and still passed that aweful law? No wonder you lost.
Remember this, using the word 'throw' A lie you are proud to use to escalate violence from your followers.
We love you Bernie
The Dems had no problem throwing us Republicans off for Obamacare. Hope you feel the burn now!!!! #maga
What does this even mean?
Read it a little slower maybe and over and over. It might click 
It was a serious inquiry. But whatever.
Oh, and 2 million are leaving #Obamacare exchanges this year. Talk about throwing people off Insurance....
You must pass the bill to see what is in the bill.... Oh, and how many amendments from Reps were accepted?
Go away, Bern #notaDem
This is true. Thanks for saying this.  Also, disown the NRA and support strict gun control legislation.  Don't be a coward.
No proper debate or consultation, isn't that a bit like taxation without representation for the 98%? Look what happened last time.
or what?
This may shed light why there is animosity against the Republicans...will they learn anything from this
Typical Socialist rhetoric. Just trying to control masses.
How can you have so many hours of debate if we had to pass it to find out what's in it ?
the millions who were never covered under Obamacare the aca is a joke us as Americans deserve better
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @potus @LindseyGrahamSC @RandPaul @SenAlexander @GovMikeHuckabee @vp Promised to FIX Healthcare - Sad !! @cnn
It's fake news like this that invites your dim witted followers into misguided actions...
you represent the majority of clear thinking Americans.
If u want 2b included...b include-able. U just want 2 obstruct it. Obamacare is throwing ppl off hc everyday. U relax -- we'll fix it
A valid concern. Why not have hearings?
Get every billionaire liberal to hand over their fortunes and I'll start taking you seriously.
What do you know about what Obummer care is like? We CAN'T afford it!! Eat and keep roof over heads, get penalized or buy insurance . SMH
Sick and tired of the rich racking in all perks with 0 to little going to anyone else. Congress does NOT work for us anymore. No leadership!
Despicable and immoral.
Thank you, @SenSanders for fighting for all of us
and i say fuck obama care give us universal health care now Congresses has two choices single payer or nationalized universal healthcare
may read it for themselves.
Members of the public have not seen the actual bill. I call on Congress to put the full text of the bill online so that citizens
Why try to defend something that isn't true again? How many people were left uninsured under obamacare? Between 20 and 30 million
I love all the nonsensical responses that completely ignore Bernies tweet.. just shows how on point he is - thanx 4 the verification..
BS and his skewed data. Old man why are the demoncrats enabling GOP assassins?
Millions of reasonably healthy people PAY OC high premiums-deductibles and have NOTHING.  Total Joke polls count us as insured.
The Democrats have no power so no debate needed. And you stand with the Dems while the people suffer. You'll go down on their ship too.

Thieves in the night...talk about despicable!
Why aren't you hounding the Dems to put up more of a fight? They seem to be just rolling over for this.
Pretty damning figures.
That is exactly what I also say  Bernie..Let YOUR Obamacare that you had 8 years to fix and dind't  FAIL .It is a failure like your campaign
Do something about it! You are too busy looking for cameras to get in front of.
another point get of your asses and start working
hey you just bought your 3rd house call me idiot I don't want to sport the trust passer and the dreamer
Obamacare is garbage. What's your insurance Bern do you have obamacare?
And what is your premium?
How are you people not marching about this? This effects the WHOLE country. If it were Ireland, we would be storming the government by now!
bernie, it's time to stop being a hater, we didn't volunteer for others to get insurance on the back of our higher premiums
Bernie, why don't u tell ppl that now govnt has stepped in healthcare, public colleges are used to develop free patents for pharmaceuticals?
Weird how you pretend to not be in the top 2%. Which one of your 3 houses are you tweeting from?! #OutOfTouch
You Dems tax the people TO DEATH.  This is taxation without fair representation.   GET OUT OF THE WAY!
You're not allowed to vote? Felon?
Oh please we can no longer afford obama care health insurance. How about you actually start caring about Real Americans! Premium at 2k a mth
How are the Republicans "throwing" anyone off of healthcare?  The insurance companies are already leaving so people are losing it anyway.
They republicans know they can't win on ideas so they have to cheat and lie.
I'd love for you to be more vocal against R's than D's in the future. Stop stroking your ego and focus on the real evil. Thanks 
Shut the hell up Bernie! You sold out to all of your supporters when you allowed Hillary to steal the nomination from you! She bought you!
@BernieSanders you need to listen to a mother's story she lost her child under the ACA = #Obamacare, #FightforSinglePayer Healthcare we must
Your in the 1% now are you sharing your wealth like you want the other 1% to do? HYPOCRITE!!!!!!
Govt needs to just stay out of healthcare period. Look what the Dems have done to it already!!
So you like the fact that millions can't afford health care?
I like the fact that my hard earned money is not funding someone else's! I work hard and pay for mine. What about you?
#BernieSanders when r u going to sell you homes & give to the ppl for the greater good? #Socialist #Fakeconcern #FakeNews #FakeSocialist
"JUST PASS IT THAN YOU CAN SEE WHAT'S IN IT" Nancy Pelosi. How soon they forget.
Number of GOP votes for ACA: 0
Americans need to see the billions$ "saved" and where that goes -- to wealthy!
Anybody working for minimum wage out there
Call you Senators and demand they vote NO
on AHCA GOP health plan+fix ACA or go Single
Payer
HEY miners those jobs be drying up+DT leave you behind=not retrain you+that ACA coverage will die along w/rural hospitals if AHCA passes
Mod GOP voters w/parents,grandparents,sick family members,kids,vets,disabled, etc ,in MidC,Workers+Poor to call your reps=VOTE NO on AHCA
100% SenateDem's+2 Indies  will vote against AHCA written in secret by the 13 gang >ecipients of Pharma+HealthIndust$=need 3+ Mod GOP>STOP
Will 3 Mod @GOP #StandUp4HumanRights & to #Trump & #VoteNoAHCA #Trumpcare #Deathcare Plan to KILL #Americans #Healthcare4All #Universal 
Found the crazy person who believes CNN
And it was still a huge mistake. QUIT being an obstructionist and do your job or we the people will find an alternative in 2018!
AHCA?  MORE LIKE "CACA" AMIRITE?
Just shut up..
What gets me is how these people can profess Christianity, but their core values are anything but. They will answer for their grevious sins.
You are right Bernie, this country is drifting towards authoritarianism and oligarchy.
The issues w/ ACA are due to insurers pulling out of exchanges bc of uncertainty over future of the act. If the AHCA fails, that goes away.
Proving that there is NO FUNCTIONAL OPPOSITION PARTY in Congress & that the Democrats are completely useless & they should all self-impeach.
Backroom negotiations & lunch with Trump reek of deception & ignoring the constituents they're supposed to serve
#ACA has failed!
You Democrats have lied to America to many times!
Your inability to speak the truth will never get congress back to @DNC
Shut up.
The first will be last. The last shall be first. Judgement is mine says the Lord. And you better know judgement is coming... Republicans
instead of bashing, work with them, you get a wwhole lot more done
The @GOP are greedy cowards at best, psychopathic terrorists at worst. Either way they need to be eradicated from government.
Funny - that's the same song being sun on our side of the aisle. ACA was a joke. Drs&hospitals not pd & opted OUT of accepting patients.
Shame on Republicans and shame on democrats for no backbone!  need real 3rd party in USA
This was a deliberate act by Republicans (and probably some Dems) to hoodwink the American people and to pass the DEATH SENTENCE travesty.
Why not? Obummer did. Why don't you throw some cash in help out?  yeah you wouldn't dig into your hip
Add in # of votes from opposite party
Mr. Sanders I appreciate that you believe health should be a fundamental right.
BUT hasn't ACA become irrelevant due to  sky high premiums?
Cost control is needed to make an effective health care plan. Government, insurers and providers need to negotiate accepted costs.
Haha! Just a week ago it was 1% and your book put you in that 1% category 
Why don't you take your wealth and spread it around.  Be an example.  You don't need it
All you living in states with GOP senators call them & tell them to vote NO on their  health care bill to stop mill from losing health ins.
Republicans have no idea how to actually help people. It's a skill the refuse to master, compassion.
Ok I'll take a stab... Its my money. I don't want you to take it from me at gunpoint and give it to someone else. No other reason needed.
The old man who sold out to crooked hillary
They are heartless.
You give it up Berntard, Obummer care isn't going the way it was promised... who are you kidding???
Yes
Defend passing a bill majority didn't want, no one read and no one in their right mind voted for...Obamacare.
Bernie go home and save us from all the lying you are doing.
BS
I got an idea. Quit taxing 1/3 to 1/2 of our income so we can afford healthcare on our own.
And the Dems failed miserably...that's why not one Republican voted for Obamacare. It was a failure from the start.
Bold face lie fake news alert  not one R voted for it so debate meant nothing everything about Obamacare was a lie gfys
More Lies! New HC bill allows people not to be forced to signup & pay 4 HC they don't want! Not throwing them off!  Ocare SUCKS!
More Bernie LIESTERM LIMITS 
I say to Bernie, if U can't make it to work, resign, you need 2 stop tweeting from your Mom's basement, & turn over the $174,000.00 you make
Greatest American of his generation.
Why can't america hav an nhs like the UK???
Lies Obamacare was passed into law      w/out knowing what was in it. Republicans were told to pass it so we can see what was in the bill
Ok Bernie, which is it?   Earlier you said 1% now it's 2%...senile old hypocrite.  You can't even keep you made up bullshit consistent.
It would be very interesting to find out how much of the existing #ACA which is undesirable was insisted on by the #GOP. Tell us.
...said the 1 percenter populist.
And if 160 hours made garbage the first time...Lol. You guys literally had your 8.... Freaking... Years to get it..Get over it. 
#Socialism
Why do you and the Democratic Party repeatedly playing class warfare?
And which one of your houses did you hear this from?
Oh yea, lets force the burden onto tax payers! WOOOO BERNIE YEA!!!!
Its funny how you dont point out that 3rd point.
Agree, but two points:
1. It's right there with the other two.
2. Which party controls amendments coming to the floor for consideration now?
@HillaryClinton STOLE the Dem election from u @POTUS is ALL ABOUT #NoMoreSpending What do the #Dems have on u?Or they r playing u for a fool
Ppl can no longer afford ACA,2mil quite paying 4it because it's no longer affordable How's the investigation going with ur wife's fraud case
Well you're in the top 1%, what gives hipocrite?
No. callous people create callous people,not Christianity. Religion has nothing to do with hate.
Biblical Laws were written by tyrants/they endorse slavery, abuse of women, stoning gays, etc. Xianity, Islam, Judaism create callous ppl
