Time to practice what you preach and give your 80% to the government you fraud.
Yes!!
Es wäre praktisch, wenn sich @POTUS44 persönlich
zu Wort meldet und immer wieder wechselnde Pluspunkte
seiner #Obama_Care erklärt. Werbung 
Did't look live to me
U and ur wife r going 2 prison for bank fraud. And stop paying your kid 1/2 million to teach wood work while complaining about college debt.
Idiot.
As it stands now, health care is "fixed" by the Congress against the interests of the people, in favor of the huge health care providers.
Funny how all other developed countries make fairy tales reality then hey? Insurance is the biggest waste of $ there is
The Republicans should have no say right now with what Trump Junior just admitted to.

Excuse Me, I think you dropped this
Lol, really? Republicans should have no say in govt. coz Trump? Have you not yet passed 5th grade?

Meh, 3.5/10
You getting hit by a bus would make America great again

Americans dont want to be "FORCED" TO BUY HEALTH INSURANCE  oBAMACARE PREMIUMS ARE UP 72%, DEDUCTIBLES HAVE TRIPLED ..bERNIE IS SENILE
Please vote against horse SLAUGHTER today!!!
Take a nap
#BlusteringBernie, LiarInChief,RichBeyondBelief acting as if he hasn't made himself rich at our expense, Shut Up & Retire #SellOutSanders
piss up a rope sanders
Bernie you are a hypocrite. You and your wife steal money from the poor and incite violence and justifiy for the liberal left 2 b violent
WHAT BERNIE AN THE DEMS WANT AMERICA TO BE LIKE  (BERNIE SURE HAS BEEN QUIET ON ON THE CHAOS IN VENEZUELA ) http://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2017/07/10/photos-100-days-anti-socialist-resistance-venezuela/ …
bERNIE IS A COMMUNIST,SOCIALIST LOVER  I DONT WANT TO BE LIKE CUBA AN RUSSIA WHICH BERNIE LOVES  .CUBANS MAKE $20 A MONTH,RUSSIANS $80 A MO.
#BankFraudBernie your health plan would cost taxpayers billions of dollars, so much for the 'free' part
the current system costs taxpayers billions of dollars
communist aren't you Bernie
Bernie says nothing about the disaster of Obamacare. If you did it right in the first place we wouldn't be here. Democrats failed America.
give me health right now or ill mop the floor with the...............
You suggest a single insurer.If  you were unhealthy you would be in #CharlieGard's position helpless while gov debates whether u should live
You should be more concerned about the investigation against your wife. Leave Healthcare to the Republicans, Dems tried and failed horribly
Somebody needs to talk about why we should get rid if him!
Can you talk about your whole family is under investigation too?  No?  I didn't think so..
maybe you can share a prison cell with the Clintons you crook!
gaming the system!
@SenSanders Can you sponsor a bill that makes the phrase "nothingburger" a federal crime.
#FUD
#BankFraud
ask Bernie the feasibility of having great education, medical,housing, food safety net with open borders.
Just say no to government healthcare monopoly!"WE" want free market healthcare.I don't give a damn if ins. co. and politicians don't like it
I was hoping you would tweet tonight. https://www.facebook.com/rowdyrepublican/videos/1471097566304931/ …
Raking in contributions to pay off campaign debts.
Organize a FULL #BURQA PROTEST WE NEED #SOCIALISM & Government #Clitoris REMOVAL!!
Senator Sanders ladies & gentlemen. Always eyes on the prize. 
Self promotion.
Is he still lying about his statement that 28000 people will die every year because of the plan. He is senile.
As Noah Trevor would say:
Why don't we just stop everything and let Obama care fail. Then maybe The Republican healthcare plan will pass
BERNIE!!!
Why don't we just drop at all let Obama care fail and then we'll do something about it and maybe it'll pass
This guy should be on a Halloween mask.

Bernie Sanders LIVE - with the DNC-CPUSA shared message of HATE & RESIST.
If you want to read about Bernie's Hate & Resist message, it's at the
You are ridiculous. Comparing the GOP HC to 911 really!
Too funny!! Bernie hasn't been LIVE in years!!
Your fake just like the news
Yawn
So called socialist anti-capitalist. His 3rd beach side mansion from Hillary/ plebs money. Benefits from capitalism but hates it. #HYPOCRITE
I personally can't wait to see you in a Orange Jump suit. You tried to pimp out America but now your about to be a prison bitch. Enjoy
I don't want my taxes increased to pay 4 drug addicts & illegals & to fund abortion. Unfair to me who has studied n worked hard all my life
At least your true colors are coming out since the FBI is stepping up its investigation into you & your crooked wife. Bank fraud of $10 mill
You own 3 massive houses & a exotic sports car that you bought w/the plebs & Hillary's payoff money. Your nothing more than a common crook
Your the same as every communist dictator who thinks ave people are plebs. Before gov you were homeless w/ Hillary payoff now a millionaire
#CharlieGard the face of Single Payer Healthcare. Parents told by death panel Judge let your child die. When we offered exp treatment in US
He who pays the bill makes the decisions
If you loved ACA so much, why didn't you work at fixing it before. Americans do not want a socialist government or country. Wake up!
Bernie you are the man mate. Americans are ignorant to the power of universal healthcare. Change is needed, Change is good. Keep on fighting
So the DNC colluded with Hillary Clinton to deny you the Dem nomination. Why aren't you speaking out about this?
Thank you Bernie
Go back to sleep.
Why does Jarod Kushner still have security clearance?! PROTECT OUR COUNTRY!
Keep fighting for us Bernie!
Thank you President Sanders
RETIRE
Yes
When the democrats become the party of the working class again I'm sure he will join.
Live!  Hurry, that's something we can't miss! Oh, wait, reruns of the dukes of hazard is on. Sorry Bernie.
Bernie Sanders - Explains Democratic Socialism
Not a fan of Bernie, but at least he's staying on point about helping out Americans in day to day life instead of the bs Russia crap.
You are one tenacious man, Bernie, and we are lucky to have you fight with and for us.
Bernie 


I'm glad to hear Bernard's live because he didn't look like it when he was debating HilLIARy!!!!!!!!
Your new campaign colors in 2020 Bernie!! orange is the new black!! Measure for nice metal bracelets!
Do you really believe that garbage?
When Civil War breaks out in our country million die because of his talk of fighting all the time BLAME BERNIE
Could you have possibly picked a frame where that goon looked MORE insane 
Bernie violent talk so when someone gets beat up for supporting R great President Trump BLAME BERNIE. Wealthy ppl leave US no jobs BLAME BER
You need to get back on your meds. Bernie has never once advocated for violence unlike trump. And supply side economics do not work.
Fight, it doesn't spend enough and we can still borrow money for now. Democrats are creating another crisis to save us from.
u should've become presient Bernie u just wanted 2 help the world & the stupid ppl of America voted in a compulsive liar & an orange pinhead
K3wlD3wd likes referring to himself in 3rd person... K3wlD3wd is not crazy at all... #MAGA
Does anyone know if his wife is going to jail? Did Hillary apologize for stealing the primary election?
All politicians should work for free until we have a balanced budget! Suck on that!
Zzzzzzzzzz
No actually,there is no evidence of Clinton giving him money and the money earned from his wife's inheritance is what was used to pay for it
Stop commenting here and go watch the guy
C O M M U N I S T
Oh yeah right! Healthcare bill... almost forgot.......
The fact it's not covered in detail is infuriating.
Not as sexy
It doesn't get the views. Trump ain't wrong. It's a lot of fake add news. It's the duty of the press to educate the public of what's /1
Going on. A lot of people will be screwed by this and don't even know it. /end
Uh I think the word is out. Have you seen coverage of protesters? Makes me proud to be an American.
WHO????
Pointing is very rude
No healthcare can help save r health, r lives when living in the era of Trump & traitors in @SenateGOP .
Must IMPEACH first!
Instead of helping. Way to go, dick. Try having input I stead of complaining.
That's the spirit
All we need is a one payer insurance
Because socialism is very profitable for old hypocrits?
The DNC seems to be your biggest problem Bern. That and your nutty gun happy supporters
One gun happy supporter. One lunatic with a knife.
Bernie shouldn't you be with your lawyer at one of your houses counting your stacks of money mr 1 percenter?
First focus on getting read of Trump & his family. Focus on how @SenateGOP is selling the country,embarrassing it in front of the whole 
Are you going to stand up and save America
#Sanders is invested in and profiting by several #Pharmaceutical companies that have made major price hikes .
We must continue to fight against corrupt career politicians like you Bernie! You're a greedy fraud! #BankFraudBernie #MillionaireSocialist
How many houses does a socialist need, Bernie? You've been leeching off the tax payer dime since 1981! #GreedyBernie
Why is Bernie talking in third person?
Lol it's cause it's not Bernie tweeting. He doesn't spend all day on Twitter and watching tv like trump.
Now we know you're senile.  The GOP DOSEN'T have a bill and that the issue we have with them.
Plz tell folks to also call & challenge them re leaving areas.
Where's all the money you and the wife stole Bernie?
They never stole any. Plus the loan his wife got was for a college. They literally didn't profit at all from this.
bErNiE Is lIvE NoW TaLkInG AbOuT WhY We mUsT CoNtInUe tO FiGhT ThE RePuBlIcAn hEaLtH CaRe bIlL.… HtTpS://T.Co/qQyOoR57lH

Bernie for President & Jeremy for Prime Minister!
It should not be about fighting the Republican health care bill, or the ACA.  It should be about getting something that works
yes  just like Bernie and his wife worked!! To scam the public!! its a family affair comrade Bernie
Stick to your message of economic equality
Somewhere there is a cup of pudding resting easy.

The front page of today's London Daily Telegraph.  Welcome to what single payer is really like. 
Not now Bernie, there's a snortable chocolate crisis
You're crazy af
Excuse me, Sir, This isn't a time machine to the 50's. Please step outside the vehicle once it has stopped and reattach your brain.
