Bernie - why are you so much against America? You are supporting two things that hurt Americans o-care and radical islamic terrorist-why?
Slamin,

Trump and Putin are trying to BRING DOWN the entire United States. Why are you supporting two things that are ACTUALLY hurting USA?
Trump is a Patriot and loves our country. BO is a Neo-Communist and let foreign enemies do whatever they wanted. #TrumpDerangementSyndrome
I also heard that Obama is the founder of ISIS and will impose Sharia law the moment he's inaugurated. That all turned out to be bullshit!
Candidates in the new Republican Party have a campaign strategy: lie after lie after lie after lie after lie.

Barack was President for
8 YEARS and yet, somehow, nothing that he EVER did or said was "neo-Communist" in any way. So I guess that one turned out to be a lie, too.
Hahaha!

No.

Republicans are actually completely obsessed with Saul Alinsky.

Obama and the Democrats have no interest in him whatsoever.
Yes, progressives must help out the Iranian regime because... wait a minute, Iran isn't progressive, is it?
It didn't deal with an issue, it just kicked the van down the road. We tried the same with NK in the 90s and look at them now.
Sounds like the Obama Care  if it wasn't right why do it period  Obama is the one who sparked nuclear arms race thru Iran deal
A armed Iran puts the entire ME on edge  Do you seriously think the other countries will just sit back & take it?
98 senators disagree with you. And nothing in Iran deal about new sanctions for ballistic missile testing.
So you agree there's nothing in the Iran deal about sanctions for ballistic missile testing?
You mean the person I spent half of last year volunteering for? Where's the part where you present a rational argument?
USA keeps demonizing Iran who is in FULL COMPLIANCE w nuclear agreement bc Israel, who has nuclear weapons, wants 2 keep controlling region!
Wow Emily. U r "NOT A SELF HATING JEW," but a kind, compassionate human being who is in it w the rest of us. Don't ever give up ur beliefs.
No, thank u Emily. Sorry 4 the delayed responses. Writing 2 finish my book. Stay strong! We r all in this together! Sending u love & peace!
Oh, wow. Thank I so much Emily. So sweet of u. I will definitely let u know. Have a wonderful day.
@suicide_boi Bernie Sanders owns 3 homes.
Hey dummy we had same plan w North Korea under your buddy Clinton That's worked out well! Trust the Iranians No wonder you guys keep losing
It was working.  Don't let Trump mess it up!  We had Kerry and he damn well did his job!
Giving money to a criminal country isn't smart. No Iran deal!!
If you think by dropping bombs and wagging wars you can solve any problem such as human rights, take a look at Iraq, Libya, Yemen, etc.
And look how the ACA is failing.  I'd hate to see the results of a failed nuclear program with Iran.
I don't care about Iran. Globalists threaten these countries. Iran & N.Korea should defend themselves or we'll Libya & Iraq them
Oh I like this term.  
The USA just "LibyaIraq-ed" Syria or about to "LibyaIraq" Iran!
OK - let's LibyaIraq #VENEZUELA !
Please start your own party..perfect time...and leave @KamalaHarris alone
What has Bernie said about Kamala Harris?
America violated the Iran Nuclear deal by voting to place more sanctions on them.
well no, the deal does allow non-nuclear sanctions to be imposed, the worry is just whether bill was worded well enough to make that clear
So what kind of sanctions are being proposed now?
Radical ideologies can't be monitored,controlled or kept under watch.Won't that results in war?Not to mention the vast breeches of UN laws!!
It is pronounces as Ihran, Bernie, not Ayran. Your intentions are great, but your pronunciation does not match!
Phooey.  We love Bernie's lower east side accent.
Our hard earn tax money is used to pay free health care to Israelis but not Americans because of the establishment  (Trump included)
Establishment Republicans & Corporate Democrats all puts Israel & Saudi Arabia interests b4 America's security
Bernie is one a kind politicians in US that puts US's interests b4 foreign govts/ideologies (ZionistSupremacy/Israel & RadicalIslam/Saudi)
Would someone please explain the difference between a Progressive and a Socialist? Then explain it to Bernie!
Too bad They're following any of this agreement
As tRump takes this down in the name of Obama
@realDonaldTrump
This offers an understanding of a complex process and relationship. Again, if you made a deal, you have to abide by the terms of the deal.
@SamSeder right after you mobilize the bros to protect our reproductive autonomy, health, family leave and paid caretaking.
Let's make America ..Venezuela Again   -Bernie (batshit) Sanders
And how, Bernie! The president* is hell bent on getting us into a war! Resist!
Thanks to Sanders the Iran Nuclear agreement needs protecting.  Time to retire old man before you do more damage to America!
We the people have more power than we realize and give ourselves credit for. #Organize&Mobilze #Speakup
And we should listen to crazy Bernie Sanders, the man who just a couple of years ago cited Venezuela socialism as a template 4US 2 follow
Sanders is making sure the repubs win again.
You don't like sanctions against the enemy you should be ashamed Bernie
You did the same thing back then having your honeymoon in the Soviet union
You have always been against this nation with socialism and with your foreign policy and defunding the military
You mean the same deal that gave an enemy of this nation billions if dollars or when it gave ransom to terrorist  that's progressive shame
"Sanders’ senate office, 'improperly pressured People’s United Bank to approve the loan application submitted by the Senator’s wife.'"
I consider myself pretty far left but progressives did not save the AZA - the people did. What an ego-trip
What side are you on ? Iran is not our friend and you are not either Bernie the thief
Bernie let us know when you've registered as a Democrat. In the meantime, bye bye.
@chrislhayes BERNIE JUST LIKE U DID WHEN YOU VOTED AGAINST THE RUSSIA SANCTIONS
When is Bernie going to mobilize around my world changing American greatness?  Or is mobilizing a one-way street?
We? You were damn near invisible except when you were promoting your own political future. BTW, how's that FBI investigation going?
And Russian Sanctions
Dude, you're an exact opposite of a progressive, you're a 1950s throwback clinging to the political equivalent of flat earth and phlogiston.
your brain has been through the wash too many times....you might be a lost cause. #willfulignorance #indoctrination #falseinformation
The orange monster's agenda is to rape the coffers, destroy as much of the country as possible and give the remains to Putin!
Socialists and communists stick together.  Help your friends the Iranians who want to kill us.  As long as sane people exist you'll fail!
Agreed
I remember Hillary saying this exactly but she was "unqualified"
Commies like you should be forced to live in Venezuela. I wish you would just go away, you are a scam artist. You let Clinton buy you off.
This is a joke. I hope you lose in your next election.  Neither deal was best for the citizens of the US. GO TRUMP!!!
You're really trying hard now to cover up your pro-Russia votes aren't you
John Conyers is already there. Stop stealing others' hard work.
Yeah you comey progressives want to kill us with nukes or health care nice
Yeah the Iran deal, how many terrorist organizations did you fund that day
I'm Not Knowledgeable Enough to Comment on Iranian Nuclear Programs... Better to make Sure they are Built Properly if they ARE Built...
I actually agree with u on this one, aca, not so much.
No.  The Iran deal will destroy America
What is the difference between a US business man and a world leader? EVERYTHING!!! Start with NONPROFIT!!!
Thank you Mr Sanders. It's refreshing to hear this
I've already said dumps going2pull anotherCheney an put us someplace we have no business being look how well it turned out the last time


Suddenly someone's up on Foreign policy?

Bernie, please tweet, why Medicare would work for all while saving tax dollars & improving care and lowering cost.
when is the u.s. going 2 put sanctions on itself for arming al qaeda, rigging its election, giving criminal banks trillions, & funding wars?
Don't trust Iran sorry Bernie
So let the Iranians inspect themselves. Hey Bernie why don't we let prisoners guard themselves too! #SocialismMentalIllness
Yeah "Progressives," they're not ready to throw blows yet.
you are not fooling anyone - you are in bed w Russia and Trump
That deal is a mistake. I ran is going to cross over Iran get to Syria and then Bomb Israel .
You have quite simply lost your mind - the stated objective of Iran is "Death to America & Israel" all while they feed tech to North Korea
You care more about Iran than Vermont, SHAMEFUL
Bernie, did U help with the Iran negotiations? Like 2 wk notice for surprise inspection?I guess for a guy who never had a job it was OK deal
So now we can have 2 rogue states which are nuclear armed all because of @BarackObama's do nothing policies.
Poor
People don't mobilize for "agreements" between governments.
It's getting really hard to tell the difference between Bernie's real account and the parodies.
Thank you so much 
Tnx u r great  From Iranian people love democracy 
Sanctions were placed on IRGC for mass violence & terror in Syria. Not 'progressive' to turn a blind eye to massacre. @7freedomwriters
R u fucking serious Bernie?
Oh wonderful... protect an agreement that Iran is actively ignoring? Maybe we need to send Iran more taxpayer  we don't have?
And this is why Bern voted against the sanctions bill. Really had nothing to do with Russia 
We need you and your wife to steal more monies from us !!
YAP,YAP,YAP, The most unproductive politician to ever hold office wants to tell every one how its done. He is just a leftist drone.
The US and Iran have a lot in common and should cooperate rather than antagonize each other.
Thanks Burnie.
Can you please explain why you voted against Russia sanctions?
I Agree w Sen.Sanders! Iran.Is Complying w Agreement. N.Korea IS Much more precarious situation! !
Bernie we Dems NO longer trust you so get the hell out of Government # Your involved in Russia too
Giving Iran anything is criminal until they stop supporting terrorism. Democrats are becoming the party of terrorists & criminals
The ACA needs to die. Health insurance industry has to die. Both are unsustainable. #Medicare4All. Why are you saving insurance companies?
You are out of your ever loving mind. The Iran deal is a deal with the devil.
U.S. is not allowed to inspect, Iran collects the samples for the inspectors?  A fifth grader knows this is a stupid deal
I'll take Iran 
How is FBI investigation of wife for Bank Fraud  going? Misrepresented commitments to college to get loan. Never came. School went bankrupt
Translation: Yes - we DEms made a disaterous deal w Iran tht ensures thm a nuclear weapon within 10 yrs, but like Obamacare - we cant admit
You socialist are some of the most dunce people in the world & why independents & Dems can't do world politics.
Against Ala.  Remove he d'île bubble gum imagine
Sanders is one evil P.O.S. This propaganda will, along with his Socialist grabage, help him go down as a truly evil Tyrant in US history.
We should try. But at the same time shouldn't we reduce our own nuclear stockpile or get an international sanction on nukes for any country?
That AFFORDABLE CARE ACT cost me an extra $15,000 per year in deductibles and premiums.   How's it working out for you Bernie?
Yes Senator Sanders. You're the voice of reason & the Dems are tying to find a way to sabotage you.Saying you are crazy. We all know better.
Bernie,Why do democrats love Muslims over America?Iran deal is worse than no deal.talksbout deals,have U made 1 with the DOJ on the bank job
Thank you for your thoughtful speach.
So Iran can help North Korea with its nuclear ICBM program?Congress we've  learned has exemptions and tax relief for ACA.(Re)Progressive?
The ACA is going to come crashing down its obvious to everyone with logical projections. When it does what will you have to say?
Agree with you, but I'm sure he'll say, "Perfect! Time for single-payer!" That's been his end-goal all along.
You own three houses old man and are a true capitalist and want the the rest to pay 50 % of our incomes and $10.00 gas. Just another Fraud.




Today on the Commie Bernie show. We must give aid to the terrorist state which pledged to kill the US...
I fear that the movement will lose momentum because other issues don't inspire the same emotional reactions.
What is the matter with Bernie?  Bad deal, solved nothing with Iran, nothing affordable about the care act?  Iran thinks we are stupid!
It is not I ran! It is pronounced Eeraan.
You are beyond silly how do you see that actually working? It's not the 60s.
Heh progressives. You mean people who think we should give up individual freedom to bigger centralized govt. 
Bernie supports the new NK. What a surprise! Kill the deals made by the stupid and terrorist @realDonaldTrump
We love the #Globalists who live off the #LobbyistPayouts. They are ready to sell anything. Even the freedom of its own partners & citizens
Did he see his beloved Venezuela kidnapped the family of political opposition? Yup that's Bernie's America Dream
Lies
2 of the worst deals in my lifetime only exceeded by LBJs Great Society entitlement screw job
Don't worry midterms will see the house and Senate flip. Already trying to stop vladphilic Trump with sanctions bill.
You are a great man sir, we love and respect you.
100k corvette,600k lake house,he's just part of the swamp! MAGA
The Iran nuclear agreement will have the same outcome as the bullshit agreement with Korea. A nuclear Iran. Epic failure. Arming terrorist
The video is messed up and none of the text is visible to me. It's like it is moved up and half is above the screen the other half is black.
Please don't use the word "progressives" Bernie as if you are owning it. Everything you touch becomes divisive and polarizing.
If you're serious, you'll support a Sp. Cnsl to investigate the DNC's "Russian hacking" fraud, now totally refuted. http://www.truthdig.com/report/item/time_to_reassess_roles_of_guccifer_20_and_russia_in_dnc_hack_20170727#15015853012331&action=collapse_widget&id=0&data= …
Are you living in America or are you just living in a bubble?
Hey, Bern--got your email about sharing my thoughts, you know the one where you said we have to fight democrats. Thoughts: F*U*C*K*O*F*F
Well, at least you're not shy about wanting to bring our country down.
Like the deal North Korean deal Clinton had?!? Rip that deal to shreds and put more pressure on those Mullas. Bring them to their knees!!
Trump has the diplomacy skills of a baboon! Between Russia, Iran & N. Korea he is bound to create a nuclear crisis in the U.S.
Worst deal from obama.  All it did was speed up Iran in producing the very weapon they want to destroy us with.
@SenSanders for president.

Please run in the next elections
Bernie, why don't you go play in Washington traffic?  Please!!
Keep it up Bernie. Who rah. Both were and are disasters.
You know that Iran is a sworn enemy of both the The Great Satan (U.S.) and the Little Satan (Israel), right?  Threatening war at every turn?
send him some more donations..dummies.
Here is another photo of his 3rd house
can you contribute to Bernie..his real estate taxes are due and he has 3 homes. This is his newest.
just alot of $28 will be wonderful
You are CRAZY 
I always laugh when people like you say you are "progressives" because you are anything but .....



Let's hope @SenSchumer and @DNC won't repeat the mistake of 2002 and http://Iraq.Now  is the time to mobilize against the hawks
Please come out against the congressional warmongering w Russia. No, I wouldn't want to live there, but our government seems equally corrupt
خیلی میخوامت
U should ve became president
Absolutely, keep your friends close ..... and all that. Applies to Russia too
raving lunitic you are bernie #terroristsocialistnutjob
You've got to be kidding....they already broke the treaty and continue to fund terrorists.
@DemSocialists @OfficialSPGB YOU are NOW #unmasked @DNC & @RNC PATRIOTS DIED for USA & #Speakout a#PoliticalSpying ? http://www.post-gazette.com/news/politics-nation/2017/07/31/Hillary-Clinton-lost-the-2016-election-but-some-Republicans-still-want-to-investigate-her-and-other-Obama-administration-officials/stories/201707310153 …
If you were in charge would you extend the Iran deal by paying another plane load of cash ? Iran is no friend of America's. Israel is.
Equally failed policies. You are seriously clueless about the real world Bern
So, your ilk don't want war with Iran, yet you stoke a war with Russia?  You confounded FOOL.  Do U hear Russia say death to us?
The Thought Police appreciate your previous efforts to elect the President of our choice, but now you're just being plain stupid.
