Thanks @SenSanders for selling out & showing us who you really are. A fraud. So glad I voted for a man who actually fights the Establishment
Snap out of it. Trump's lining his pockets. That's his only goal. The rest is showmanship,at the cost of America's reputation. #SameOldTrump

You  didn't have a problem with it when Obama was costing the taxpayers...
How do you know what people liked or didn't like? Do you actually know someone on here? No.
Actually I do. A couple of my followers are personal friends...not that it's your business...
I don't mean on all of Twitter, for Christsake. I mean on this particular tweet and comments.
Most people talking do not actually know each other. Is there a point to all of this?
unsurprising hypocrisy as usual. you are concerned about the death of millions--including those with brain damage and yet the pre-born...?

Yeah, so kill it. That's better. Murdering the baby is protecting it from mean people. Brilliant moral logic you got there.
True, but your timing on single payer is fueling it....and your ego, one suspects. It seems like all you politicians are the same.
He is all about HIM! This isn't about the American people! If it was, he wouldn't be doing this debate ! He played into their hands
I truly don't believe that he's ALL about himself. His lifelong public service doesn't support that theory. That doesn't mean he's flawless.
I am ProudTransgenderfollower of the LGBTQ,Antifa,BLM movements.I think obamacare is horrible! My grandma's premiums have skyrocketed! WHY??
You haven't sen anything yet if this new healthcare plan passes...
So tell me can you even explain Obamacare either????? Stop the rhetoric!
Covers millions, makes ins affordable to millions, guarantees coverage, kids insured til 26, covers pre-existing conditions/1
Than explain on how it works? More than just affordable care for some! Others have had their costs skyrocket up #middleclassdestruction
Sorry, but having my healthcare costs quadruple does not make me feel ok for those who get affordable care. Obamacare was not voted on by US
Senator, please don't let the repubs focus on taxes 4 M4A without telling them how much savings in premiums/copays/deductibles on Monday.
You sound like Nancy Pelosi.
Well, that's just about the most stupid comment ever.
Exactly what I said when Nancy said it. "Well said"
Sounds like you are talking about MEDICARE

ask people who will pay for obamacare or universal care? its u overburdened american taxpayers. no to socialism.
So no to military? No to Medicare? No to Medicaid? No to Social Security? No to public parks? No to police? No to firefighters?
u r missing the point. talking about obamacare or universal health, that i prefer less taxes, less govt, no mandates, no to socialism
tell ur friends. obamacare is massive spending welfare program which we the people cannot afford. a failed experiment in socialism.
pls dont listen to bernie until he says what our tax rates will be with his universal care. 50, 60, 75% tax rates for each american. no ty
BERNIE TULSI 2018 !!!
Tsk. We've tried that for decades. Even ACA is based on the "free" market: it has NO public option. LOOK: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_total_health_expenditure_per_capita …
Isn't your biggest fear that you will lose that cushy little Health Care Package you senators and congressmen made for yourself?
Aren't you aware that the GOP has conveniently exempted their own health care from every single one of the their crappy repeal bills?
No I don't hold Dems responsible for GOP bills that f*ck us over while protecting their own coverage -that 100% of dems vote against.
Apparently you don't hold the Democrats accountable at all.The debacle we're in now 100% theirs and you dismiss it as though it's acceptable
you are aware that ppl die everyday that have healthcare. Ppl have to also be proactive in their healthcare I.e live healthy.
Seriously?!! I've lead a very healthy life but due to ONE surgery I am disabled for the rest of my life. Think before you speak!!
Why don't you look and see, what's in the bill first?  My President has the people this great country in his heart!!
Why don't we wait and see what the CBO has to say?
Amen!!!
Thank you Bernie
So dam true 
Bernie Sanders is full of hot air. He should go back to Russia
Back to Russia? My lord are you delusional and terribly misinformed. How are we even from the same country. No wonder country is going to 
Socialist
He wishes he could tell us some things, but he can't.
Dear Mr. SAnders! I AM just an old Dutchman , But I'm really HORRIFIED About What those Republicans try to do! I wish U Every Success!
Insurance with $4,000 deductible is like having no insurance so what's the difference?  Doctors & hospitals won't take it neither
$64K Q: Why don't you fight real lies, when you know Israel has never occupied another peoples' land in 4,000 years of her recorded history?
Bernie - buy a little cottage in Bermuda
THIS whole Republican affair is No less than an Attack on the very Lives Of people in need...! IT is a Crying Shame...!!!
Family of 5 paying 3,000 per mth with a 10,000 deductable.   It's killing us. You get your Healthcare for free! So shut up!!
# you LOST !
nobody wants suffering. obamacare is massive spending welfare program that we cannot afford. failed experiment in socialism. pls wake up.
all political talk. universal care. universal free education. who pays? what tax rates we will have then. 50, 60, 75%? no ty.no to socialism
Stop Graham-Cassidy improve healthcare for America don’t destroy it. Wake up America.
Let’s go forward not back to the last century.
You would think that our politicians would care more about their constituents instead of their wealthy donors
Says the rich socialist who just bought his 3rd house
Who's also advocating a system in which the rich pay more taxes to benefit the less fortunate. Even only paying what the % they used to pay.

Fuck Trumpcare, I rather go to Obamacare
Love you Bernie!  Stay strong and healthy for us!
"Trumpcare" oxymoron- cruel kindness, abundant poverty, apathetic interest, arrogant humility not saying they are similar to Trumpcare 
VERY grateful I'm #Canadian! This is so sad to watch and the threads are heartbreaking!
To those opposed to universal healthcare maybe you should have a child with autism or get cancer... that'll be a reality check!

no one was trying to destroy healthcare. They're  trying to provide better options to people. I was denied by ACA. Wouldn't be by GOP plan
According to the ACA I have to have pregnancy coverage. I just had a hysterectomy. Why am I paying for pregnancy coverage
Send THANX to McCain!  We need to DROWN out all the attacks from Trump and his supporters!
It's not trump care.it's white care.that's all that really matters.
Tweet your Senators and tell them they must draft laws that work.
Plant based diet will cure/prevent our health issues. Coverage for drugs will cure nothing!
How about you fight for us and call out the real reason we are a sick nation. It's not bc of lack of insurance. We r being poisoned.
Congrats you have health coverage!! You're still going to be sick! Govt, pharma, food industry continues to earn profits by keeping us sick
Like we can do anything about it! Trump didn’t when the popular vote! So now we’ve got sit here and just watch as everything implodes!
and his army of puppet journalists
We should all go into politics so we won't have to worry because of our great and free insurance
@SunWave1964 GO HOME BERNIE! YOU'VE DONE ENOUGH DAMAGE TO THE COUNTRY!!
There was a time when healthcare was an individual responsibility. We are still capitalists right?
I heard the #rattle in their #cage #today..It will not #pass. It violates #every moral #code of mankind. #UNIVERSALHEALTHCARE! Like #Europe.
I tell you what Bernie if the healthcare bill obama did is so great why dont all you politicians pay the same premiums as we do

How much are YOU profiting by continuing to shove the ACA down our throats? You don't give a dam about any of us
Bernie, when you're enrolled in obama care the you can talk to us.Your ins. Is paid 4 by taxpayers.Shut ur mouth, you literally make me sick
He sounds even more stupid than during his race.
Dude, you were in charge of the government run VA. Thousands died waiting for health care. GTFOH
To bad you didn't believe in education 7 years ago.   Obama Fail care would not be a horrific issue.
easier to insure your car then people.everyone has to wear a medgadget tune in too a supercomputer what to eat drug,s prevention isthe key
Keep up the fight
Just like you did with Obamacare!! Please!!
Well said. Thank you.
I get the idea that Republicans are trying to create a Health Genocide I want to be told I am wrong
If the abomination passes, let's send our traitorous congressmen all our unpayable medical bills!!
Tell ur campaign workers , no more guns!
Please ask the obvious. Why not improve the ACA!
Please let's not call it trumpcare.
Why are republicans so intent on destroying our country? Our common good?
This new bill on Health Care is the most idiotic one sided for the wealth that I've ever seen. Twice as bad as the last proposal. SHAMEFUL.
Ignorance is bliss.
Crazy old codger that was never successful at anything other than pandering for votes from suckers.
I'm confused. Are you talking about health care or health insurance?
If this passes we should roit
Metaphoriclly speaking
Obama didn’t have to protect his family in 2 different places, since they all lived in the WH. DT needed protection in both DC & NYC.
Your a communist and a liar. Love the country appeal Obamacare
Everyone needs to tell their Senators 2 not sign this legislation. Everyone needs health care & not 2 cut Medicare either.
Well said.
Dear Senator Sanders,
Why is the new proposed heath bill not posted for all Americans to read and see what all is in it ?
Please straighten your glasses and comb your hair.
Go away old man.
Whatever you say, Berloney Sanwich
Please I beg u Bernie DO NOT DEBATE. Let G-C die its own death. Every medical org is agst. U will scare some Reps on fence into voting yes.
The moron that said single payer would destroy the healthcare system 30 yrs ago look it up
Communist
So pathetic that you continue to lie.  Of course you can't explain it.  That is because you have no idea about the bill you oppose.  Liar.
Fight Mr.Sanders single payer will save us its the first most important step to setting the country back on track down w insurance companues
Now go write legislation to fix ACA, pie in the sky single payer can wait til we take back congress . ACA sabotage must stop.
America has failed you.
But don't have that debate Monday sir.  It will do more harm than good
Please vote no  on any Trump care bill never let him get it approved
Hello Bernie David from Canada again. So sad to see what is going on down there. Glad I don’t go through any of this. Must stand up to bill!
Anyone that supports you is a failure in life with a need to share in someone else's success in order to feel adequate.
Go away bernie
Stop your ridiculous RESIST, many people do not agree with your desire to provide FREE healthcare for all.
That is exactly why we didn't want you Bernie. Socialized medicine sucks! It = no medicine.
He's way too old,
white and ugly !

 He won't
 show us his tax returns !

Says he hates  Democrats !

Need we say More ??
Do you ever work.
get a comb
Be strategic Bernie! Put a lid on single payer until GOP bill is dead dead dead! You too, @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi !
Why is "The Market" such a sacred cow?  Seems its a corporatist branding scheme.
I see the sell out is back too
I'm all in favor of Replace and Repeal.  We should replace Trump and repeal the Electoral College.
You need to go away and think about your bad decisions.
Mr Sanders...you are not Democrat....an independent.  You have divided,this nation. And you are the reason we are here today in TRUMP LAND!#
Please go away
Government takeover of health care is NOT a cure we can count on.
True, Senator, but please reschedule your debate on Single Payer until after the republican vote fails, so you dont cause it to pass
#GrahamCassidy official death toll:  00000000.

Then you need to let the @SenateGOP roast themselves and not engage in a playdate that has huge backfire potential #cnndebate

Health care now is 20 trill over 10 yrs. Medicare singl payr 11 trill. We save in the long run. Its easy. Trump is for corp, Bernie for us.

Only people Trump is helping, is his own family and his rich friends!
Tell your friends how @SenSanders plans to pay for his healthcare plan. Is his idea wonderful..YES YES ABSOLUTELY!! ATTAINABLE..NEVER!!
Surely the richest country in the world can provide healthcare to its people. Hell, we just agreed to spend $600B on the military.
A military which also dwarfs the rest of the world's. You should consider not being such a stick in the mud.
Amen!
Don't talk about Medicare for all on Monday! If this bill passes! It's solely on YOU! They're using YOU!
Exactly hes a Psychopath
Seems like you really can't tell us much about this bill at all but I can tell you it's heads over Obamacare or the bill your submitting.)
You lie Bernie Sanders  State facts accurately
Bernie is a hero for not giving up on educating which is the backbone of a democracy
Newsflash Bernie....You lost, and Hillary fixed the election so you couldn't win. Now, go home. See your wife before she goes to jail.
It is NOT Trumpcare, it is DeathCare!
Crook. Communist.
I stopped at "opioid addiction." If a mother fucker wants to shoot up heroine to death then let him die. It's their choice.
'Trumpkill' would be surely more appropriate?
Will this bill cover the people who lost their jobs at Burlington College after closing because Jane defrauded them? #healthcare #obamacare

