This is a rigged economy, designed by the wealthiest people in this country to benefit themselves at the expense of everybody else.
We desperately need to address the massive inequality that exists in America today.
Amen
No. You and your wife are the frauds. How's that investigation going?
You are also a fraud, which one of your vacation homes did you tweet this from?
Asks the idiot of the poorest person in Congress
Sweet.
Bernie opposes itemized deductions in his own tax plan but sure likes to use them when he files. Seriously? You can't find hypocracy?
And Trump's returns are where exactly?
Bernie defrauded every contributor to his campaign by letting the democrats steal the primary and did nothing to stop it.
He just quietly went away and then like magic he had a new beach house, B.S. does not walk on water
socialism works look at venizuala sic
A fraud like our president!!!
A fraud like out last 6 presidents.
I think you meant Socialism.
How old are you?
if that's not a recipe for disaster I don't know what is.
Only the people get peed on.
How's that socialism working out in Venezuela there bernie?
Venezuela is "socialist" like the Saudis are "capitalist." Oppressive authoritarian regimes are bad regardless of their economic policies.
No Venezuela is socialist like the Soviet Union, Mao's China, Pol Pot's Cambodia. The bodies are only beginning to pile up!
Socialism also totally explains Rwanda, Turkey's Armenian Genocide, the Rape of Nanking and the Holocaust right?
Good of your  to point it out first Nazis was short for National SOCIALISTs But R U really this stupid? Socialism is evil but not ONLY evil!
And your system,  give everything away makes everyone poor. Good job,  sell your houses and give the proceeds to the poor.
Its not trickle down as much as it is sponge up by the 1%. I say we try the trickle UP approach.
I challenge you to get a meaningful job from a poor person.
Trickle up is government creates high wage jobs which creates consumer demand and boosts private and public business. It's not hard to grasp
I'd look at the 1945-51 Labour government in the UK with 2% unemployment after 6 years...
@GeoffMiami Yeah tell the "democrats" that.
When has socialism worked for a country??? China was poor until they started building private business.  Now they are booming!!!
Well said Ryan
Because our beloved congressmen and senators give them corporate welfare for campaign contributions & lobby money. BOTH parties.
Funny How subsidies are evil but not for E Musk it is just selective outrage, and misinformation.
What subsidies does Elon Musk currently get?
estimated $4.9 billion in government support
Aren't those loans already paid back by Musk with interest?
No there subsidies sort of like the one that was given to Solyndra
Mus: "If you add up all the subsidies that SolarCity and Tesla get, it is 1/1000 of what the oil and gas industry get in a single year"
#Truth, just look #kansas = #failure
Wasn't Obama president then?
Of course the flaw in your screed is that the most of the upper quintile (via inheritance) move out of it fairly quickly. Jealous much?
A fraud term created by fraudsters such as yourself.

You know what happens when the middle class dissolves with no controls on capitalism? You become Hong Kong.
The middle class isn't desolving; it is fighting socialism & winning.
Capitalism needs to be regulated (in a common sense manner). It's not socialism. The middle class is shrinking:
Who do you think regulation benefits? Regs benefit the rich & established Friedman explained it well as did Marxist historian Gabiel Kolko!
It benefits the workers who have safe working conditions, the people who can safely drink their water, & economy as workers have good wages.
Add a chart of national debt as % of GDP and the picture becomes clearer.It's been a great scam,been watching  since Reagan days. Marvelous
National debt doubled under just one admin. - Obama.
That's delusional. Source?
@sndeep and you will be releasing your taxes? When?
He already did.
It's Cheeto Hitler that won't.
So how long have you been in Congress?
Trickle-down economics is a fraud and we will not accept it. It is and it has always been an abysmal failure and a fraud. 
Years, with the same consistent message.
Maybe it's time to listen?
I will listen when he calls himself a Democrat, not just one of convenience. And when he stops tearing down Democrats every chance he gets.
Well when right leaning Dems realize that trickledown is lies, that'll help.

How do you describe our current 2017 economy, 3% GNP, 4.5% unemployment, 21,900+ point stock market...things are trickling just fine....
I don't know why southerners and rural people want to make rich people richer.
We don't know why lib cosmos think they are elites
Lib cosmos? Silly names makes you look foolish
Hard to do, in a room full of socialists.
So, you still keep pretending you have a point and argumebts against socialism, while been schooled constantly, and your weak point are ->
Lol @ everybody shitting on capitalism while they utilize Twitter from their iPhone or Android...
Computer tech and the internet came directly out of publicly subsidized university programs and labs. ffs.
.. and was commodofied by the free market.
The stupid part is tax cuts to rich - who save and invest - are supposed to boost economy, but welfare to poor - who SPEND MONEY - isn't.
Most of the poor have been relegated to where they are by gov handouts to buy votes for Democrats.
How many false right wing talking points can you fit in one tweet. You only missed "illegals vote democrat" and "Obomber bin Muslim"
Wait a minute. I could have sworn the GOP assured us that trickle-down is proven to help "job creators." Did that not bear out in the 2000s?
Wait your deceptive chart failed to indicate TRUE affect of Ocare: 94% of jobs created were Part Time! http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-12-23/top-white-house-economist-admits-94-all-new-jobs-under-obama-were-part-time … DAMN facts!
Incorrect, Part I:
The economy has added far more full-time jobs during the current expansion than part-time jobs http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-nonfarm-payrolls-rose-178-000-in-november-unemployment-rate-4-6-1480685541 … 
Incorrect, Part II:
Disingenuous charts of questionable data are not convincing; Obama administration economist admitted 94% jobs created were Part Time
Again:
Reading is not your strong suit. Comment was (1) about period starting in 2005 and (2) not specific to part-time jobs. But otherwise!
We've also established that you can make misleading charts out of data that says the opposite! Impressive - NOT! Pathetic in fact.
one would think that this chart alone would sway voters.  except, those voters don't understand charts.
Oh, ok, only YOU are smart enough.
or empathetic enough
give me one scenario where socialism wasn't an abysmal failure berno
But of course
Gamal Abdel Nasser, Egyptian Socialist President, freed Egypt from monarchy, transferred 75% of Egypt's GDP to the working class
If you're pandering Egypt as an economic success story you've already lost the argument.
everyone's incoming is growing. whats the problem?
By the income distribution in 1980 the majority increase income by many times more
Make them RETURN what they stole. 
morgan/rockefeller federal reserve bankers engineered the 1929 crash & Depression
FYI; The international bankers are attempting to crash the world again to push humanity into another world war & establish their nwo.
engineering a crash they are, stop the #TaxScamBill & #SaveNetNeutrality
A very convincing case could be made for a sickness called money addiction, and we are all in the economic thrall of the worst addicts.
Only people I have ever heard speak of the great evils of money, are the ones who don't have any.
Wow that's some great insight. The wealthy have nothing against money.
The term "trickle-down economics" was invented by satirist Will Rogers as a JOKE during the Hoover administration.
And is not used by any economists to justify any policies. Its a rhetorical leftwing trick to divert attn from interventionist insanity!
Some sage wisdom from Reagan who stated ketchup in kids lunches counted as a vegetable.
Funny hearing Reagan talk about vegetables aye?
The perpetrators of that fraud won the election because voters listened to Leftists saying Dems were too centrist—Get with a real coalition!
What Dem, besides the obvious was even broaching this subject?
A general election campaign is hardly the place for subtle policy discussions, but neither is 30+ years of calling out trickle-down helpful…
So, none?
wait…are you saying Dems somehow secretly FAVOR trickle-down? Hasn’t EVERY Dem platform favored BOTH egalitarian & “opportunity” notions?
Companies and businesses flourish when population have resources to spend. A higher minimum wage would have positive impact on businesses.
False. Has always done just the opposite.
The Dems should be talking about Kansas and what tax cuts for the rich did to their economy.
Are you from Kansas?
No. I'm from Texas where the governor is in the process of destroying our economy.
Are U from Tarant county? Grapevine maybe? Gov. Abbott has wide appeal. That puts you in the minority doesn't it? Your choice to be there.
One would think #BankFraudBernie would shut his lying #hypocrite mouth. But to a Marxist fuk hypocrisy is a good thing.
Isn't Bernie the most popular politician in America? just wondering
He is popular to low info voters. Lets hear #BankFraudBernie explain again how socialism is so great while the people of Venezuela starve.
74% isn't low info . goodbye
Fair enough, so, again, the people of Venezuela R literally starving to death in the streets, all as a result of socialism. So Y is it good?
Correlation =\= causation. 

Lower taxes means more economic growth, and you're seeing it with Trump.
But go ahead and cry more about how socialism works and how Venezuela isn't real socialism.
Who was President in 2014 Bernie?
A centrist corporatist who didn't reverse what was done by the right previously
Obama did that Bernie, make the rich richer. HRC was clouding with Wall Street to keep those same policies unchecked.
Colluding
Thanks  
"Trickle-down economics" is a buzzword used by people who don't understand economics
So sorry. Supply side economics is a fraud and we will not accept it. It is and it has always been an abysmal failure and a fraud. 
Better?
What "supply side" policies do you think have failed and why do you think it's a fraud? Not being facetious. I'm honestly interested
As clearly noted above, income gains have been incredibly concentrated at the top of the earnings distribution.
Are those gains completely caused by supply-side policies? Which policies? Are you saying that lower taxes causes wealth inequality?
Largely caused by supply-side. The wealthy are not re-investing their tax cuts to spur the economy as much as other economic stimuli would.
I'd argue that globalization and tech have contributed more to wealth inequality than the rich hoarding their tax cuts. Sure it happens but
the rich already contribute an overwhelming percentage to total tax revenue. Raising taxes on the rich won't fix inequality. More factors at
Dear millionaire.. Americans are not poor! Try going to a third world country, and experiencing real poverty!
Oh, another country has poorer people, that solves all the problems with poverty in the US. Lets just do as Owen, and stop thinking
America has many problems, poverty isnt one of them.
Say that to a single mother working two dead end jobs, which barely covers the rent
Happy too, have her DM me.
You're proud to be a uninformed, ignorant and clueless Trump sheep, aren't you?
Good thing HRC didn't win, amirite, Bernie? Because there is NO WAY DJT wants to impose a regressive tax code. Bernie and his ilk are fools.
Divisive talk that advances Orangenecks. Why not play to win instead?
Playing to win means no Bernie or his acolytes. The center will hold, we don't need to kowtow to the looney left & pump free college, etc.
Yes. Let's support the nominee. That is how GOP won. We need support from left for that correct?
Why I used the qualifier "looney left" - Bernie and his ilk prefer ideological purity over winning. I have no issue with reasonable liberals
I made 2000+ dials for HRC. Those who stayed home or protest voted for purity ..They wasted a precious gift, their vote. Now they have rump
Would they have got change had Clinton won? No, would they have got change if Stein won? Yes. Lesser of two evils is still evil
Stein didn't win. She will never win. Choice is b/t protecting SS, Medicare, Medicaid, or gutting all that progressives have fought for.
Thank you Bernie.
I agree. What will Congress do to put an end to policies that support this failed method?
you mean you and the rich will not accept it you are the only ones that is going to lose any thing not the poor people #BERNIESTOPLYING

One of the few things Bernie says that I agree with.
Absolutely a fraud! Lived thru 'reagan-nomics'.  12% mortgage interest with great credit! Everyone needs 2 see what is trump doing #impeach
The neverending war on poverty has produced nothing but dependent souls. Hand up, not hand out.
Yep. Goes in at the top and stays at the top...
Rep always say it'll "unleash the potential of capitalism" but in reality it unleashes outrage among the American people getting fucked.
Socialism is a fraud and we will not accept it. It is and it has always been an abysmal failure and fraud. Free market murders poverty.
I mean if rich were responsible and fair yes it would work. Too bad they just pocket the tax savings
Trickle down assumes the top earner is going to be altruistic enough to help the lowest paid. It's so rare it makes media headlines.
Thanks Comrade Bernie..From which home are you tweeting?
Sort of like your wife running a college a complete and total failure just like socialism is eh bernie
Ok Bank fraud Bernie ..
Yes Trump is pushing the same program as Bushes and Regan that collapsed the economy 2007 why keep doing what we know doesn't work?
So tell us how well that #socialism is working in #Venezuela. #GoAwayCommie
Venezuela  SOS!!!!
@blackmorghann let's see how it's working for you? How bout them taxes?
Trickle-down never promised increased wages. More jobs, cheaper goods and services.
Psst.  Gold Standard.  Psst.
Go Kansas!!
Isn't that "the American Dream"? You can be rich if u work hard - then you too will get all the tax cuts etc. Only yr own fault if u don't
What else could we chart as increasing in this timeframe. Oh idk maybe growth of gov. The very thing that squashes the little man
Source?
Is that why US citizens are the wealthiest and best off citizens in the world? Cause the system is a fraud?
Help us Bernie. http://www.berniesavestheworld.com 
"The white liberal has perfected the art of acting as the negroes friend." - MALCOM X .. sry im cuban: u dont kno shit
MALCOM X
Republicans don't beleive in voodoo but they do beleive in voodoo economics despite the same lack of evidence in either case.
#Venezuela
But we keep getting it. New progressive party required.
wealth only  trickles up : always has done.
I would say greed is a sickness of every level.
Very sad trend.

Silly baby boomers. They had a goog paying job+house+car+good living and they thought that 's what capitalism is like.
There is a serious misunderstanding of economics here!
It trickles back to the tricksters. *scam
Please use Louisiana as a symbol for Reaganomics. Ranked:
2nd in welfare
2nd in wage gap
3in poverty
4th in joblessness 
46 in education...
I'm in love with you Bernie
Court order our money I'll sign petion
And SO is redistribution .. I reject that
Call it what it is. Republicans having cake & expecting us to live off their crumbs.
Now, that I can drink to, Bernie Fraudulent & always will be.
Sad! Please keep fighting for us!
Say it Bernie ffs. Finish after me: "Workers of the world..."
Except we're not dealing with supply-side right now.  We have crony capitalism, not a real #freemarket.
@HelpfulOlive A healthy economy is founded on a good standard of living for all  and tax regimes such as Finland's or Norway's.
So is socialism but you're still supportive of it
Trickle-down will never work.  The dems wont let the poor prosper.  They can never prosper otherwise the dems lose #constituents
Economics is not a mystery.  Put money in th pockets of folks that will spend it, not hoard it.
Why not lead by example Bernie, start donating some of ur millions that your not reporting taxes on & use Obamacare @realDonaldTrump
This is what trickle down economics has given to #Ireland
That's a politicial smear. There's no evidence.
Yes we will accept it Bernie. Your chance to help us fight against it was left dangling in the winds of "Vote for Clinton"
Bernie how many people drawing a stipend that u know ,hires someone else?
I am 40 my SS is gone...it doesn't exist , who are you appealing to?
"We will not accept it", you say? Well "we the people" decide what we will accept, not you. And you are not our President.
#of course it is a fraud

My dad=Insurance adjuster. @cincinnatiins provided great pension. New workers don't get the same so new owners could reap more profits...
There is only one fraud, and it's Bernie Sanders. He loves spending other people's money. He is the the one true abysmal failure.
We all know what trickles downhill - and it reeks!
Note that the contast is btw the year Reagan was elected and 30+ years later
The 1% got richer under Obama. Very rich.  Hmm, why is that Bernie.  Please explain.
It's a con, nothing else.
It causes economic disaster! Recession and the banking crisis were two results?
Thank you, this point cannot be emphasized enough. It is forced austerity on the working class and poor.
"Did I mention it's a fraud?"
So the further we get from laissez faire capitalism the worse off more people are...couldn't agree more
actully the Fraud is Bernie Sanders with his three mansions and his wife under FBI investigation.
More fraud than failure since the point is specifically to give to the rich the fruits of labor & deny any benefit of their own Treasury.
Gee Bern your option isn't working out so well in Venezuela...
do not think you are best spokesperson for wealth redistribution or speaking for middle class folks; how long have you been in Washington?
https://www.facebook.com/events/470029836704183/?ti=clhaveing … my launch party im now officailly a tupperwhere launch party.
.... it will be difficult not to accept the program of #Trump
Really Messiah?  Thanks for the info.
White power

Supply side economic created 25 Million new jobs in 80s and had GDP 3,5% Obama was 1.5% Worse GDP since Hoover. Stop lying.
Let's try tricks up economics. The rich are rich enough.
That figure includes the taxes you keep stealing.  Reduce the tax burden for all and watch incomes sky rocket.
Who's "We" Bernie? Just to be clear you are a Lazy Socislist Baby Slayer & NOT the voice of the American people. It's why you're not POTUS
Ok so if we can't all be rich -
Let's all be poor, except our leaders who don't have Obamacare, don't have to participate in ssi+ pension
There's few things in life that trickle down & it's usually not pretty nor does it smell good. Im jus sayin, if it looks like poo....
Agree
Instead of merely lambasting policies that don't work, it would be good if you pointed to what should replace them:
Fascist is as Fascist does. Textbook definitions (written by socialists) don't matter.  Watch what they DO.
Let me know when the revolution begins
Hillary supported it
Lying with stats 101.
Using %s where absolute values are warranted
It takes an VERY STUPID person not to understand that. Anyone, including yourself, that have $$$$$$, will keep more MORE, NOT TRICKLE DOWN
Hundreds of retail stores shutting down! Fannie Mae is marketing 2 to 4 new foreclosed houses a day in Broward County, FL alone! Wake up! P!
So, these 99.999 must live somewhere. And so, if TDE works, that must be the most amazing place to live/work, right? So, where's that?
Would like to see a yearly chart from 1920 to 2017 of the same data. Who made the chart?
They Will Come W/ Pitchforks
You are so wrong , Bernie!!'

@rosbarber one of the saddest things about this is the number of likes versus retweets...it should be shouted from the rooftops
Agreed.
You said it! It's hard to believe that so many people have been duped into believing in a myth that... Oh wait, religion.
trickles into the pockets of the "economic royalists"...more like gushes
This is very true. Trickle down economics is fraud . It's rob the people to enrich the rich
Everything now and then you'll say something that's accurate. Enjoy!
The Matthew effect* in action. | *http://bit.ly/1pGunfW 
Pretty sure that it's the people with  $$ that R building businesses and providing people the opportunity to earn a living
Your wife is accused of fraud by our government.  People in glass houses, Bernie.
Can ANYONE PLEASE STOP the LOOTING, HACKING & Destruction of OUR INSTITUTIONS sustaining for 50+ Years By 1 Pres???!!
Its about the dumbest crap I've ever heard.
That's not a real chart 
Bernie. Regan was Pres  80-88. Remember 79 mortgage rates were 20%. Trickle down worked and carried us through 2001. Working people were 
Letting Americans keep more of their own money is not "trickle down." Sending taxes to Washington, and hoping some of it comes back, is.
So you don´t want any taxes at all? Go to Antartica!
That's just the way investing money works... It's called a logarithmic investment curve... Math is hard but I believe in you Bernie!
No matter how much money one makes, money will not bring them back when they die. We're all passengers in this planet. #JustSaying #Peace 
Your use of a chart of rate of growth tells me you don't care if people do better in absolute terms you only care relative to others
It's been the way for a long time Senator
Don't run in 2020 #Kamala2020
I never got a job from a poor man.
It worked great for the rich and created more poor folks...Americans. Sad
I'm with you Bernie.
Money advice From the anti Christian bigot
This graph is very misleading with one line extending to 99.999th percentile and the other stopping at 99th
,...  It is the other side of the light ball
This graph appears to show that Reagans 1980 trickle down was better for low incomes than 2014 Obamanomics. What am I missing?
I don't agree w/Sanders about much but he's 100% right about trickle down economics. It's a fallacy #VoodooEconomics
History suggests it should be called 'trickle up economics'.
Trickle-down economics to me has always sounded little the rich & well to do urinating on those who are not as well off
Little=like,.... no idea why my phone changed that word. Anyway,... the rich piss on the poor every day
Mismanagement from #limousineliberals is the DIRECT cause of reduced income 4 the #middleclass #unfair #taxes always hurt families the most!
Yep
Ya, let's tax the hell out of the rich & send it to Washington where it'll be spent wisely & won't be siphoned off by corrupt politicians...
So, your rebuttal to capitalistic open  and free markets is the same policies that you supported in Venezuela? Have you seen what's going on

Amen  bless you and your Bride Jane.
Tell em Bernie!!
