it's times like the past 7+ months to make you realize just how great of a president we missed out on with Bernie sanders
We didn't miss out. #BernieWouldHaveWon . We were cheated out by @HillaryClinton
Hell yea. Robbed with no gun in a election between Trump and a not as bad but somehow a whole lot worse Clinton. #ANYONEELSE2020
Great analogy. Bravo. I'm glad you understand how #electionfraud works.
Smug much? Or should I go deep into it in 140 or less letters and spaces with a person who idgaf about?? Exactly. #mindyabusinessbro
Bernie never really stopped running against Clinton. The last 4 months of the HRC race against Bernie cost Dems 2.1 million votes.
Nonsense. The DNC rigged the primary 4 someone who couldn't fill a highschool gym. That doesn't bother u? @SenSanders had 51k in NY rally!
Just thoughts? The people that are wading in the streets need to stay at one of your three houses.
Hurricane Harvey would be much less disasterous if we had medicare and universal basic income of at least 35K/ year for everyone in the USA.
Lol or maybe it wouldn't have happened in the first place if white people hadn't built all that stupid shit all over the land
The area is a mostly minority place with a lack of money to build in better areas; however, on the beach side this is different.
I get your point that low income areas tend to be hardest hit by natural disasters because of discriminatory zoning and other bigotries.
Yes sir
Don't worry President Trump is in charge.
That's what we're afraid of!
?
Thoughts don't help, one must pray to the Father in the son's name and ask for help
Yeah, pray for Houston, but like #Allcitiesmatter amirite?!
Yep. Eventhough Texas' middle finger was with Sandy victims. Be better than the people Texans elect to represent them.
Texas didn't even fund its self much after a hurricane in 08, thats normal. Things rarely change for small towns.
It's Russia's fault.
Bombshell Report: Schultz's Ex-IT Aide May Have Sold Info to 'Pakistani or Russian Intelligence'
Damn why couldn't you have been our supreme leader?!
He is! I will never follow Trump's lead into shame and darkness. Bernie can lead us without the title because he leads by example!
Amen!
yes
But never forget, most voted 4 what they are now receiving. #Trump the #climate change denier is helping 2 kill the planet. Wake up America!
Its a blue area duhh
King of compassion thanks for being more presidential than our actual president :(((
AND he's a virgo I love him
I share his birthday ee. He is the most human politician to ever exist.
Now you need to bring fight for climate change home. We have very real evidence of it.
I freaking love you Bernie
As Texans we will pull together we will serve one another and we will bring about a better day
And how many emergency or national guard did Vermont send to help... THAT'S HOW MUCH YOU ACTUALLY CARE.  Lousy Socialist.
How about donating some of those $27.00 donations you and wifey @janeosanders pocketed to #RedCross to people of #HarveyRelief
We don't want your senile socialist thoughts. Texans will be just fine.
Gee Michael you seem like a nasty person. What are u doing to help your fellow Texans besides tweeting hatred? 
Yes im such a bad person. Its not "hate" to see the empty tweets from politicians and respond. Tweets dont matter I just do this for fun lol
Houston floods all the time. We here in Texas are well aware of it. Thank you POTUS for taking care of us via FEMA.
soo this  is happening  
if you are in Texas, go help these people
Where did you get this pic?
Nursing home in Dickinson Texas La vita Bella
UPDATE 
I just got word that the people in La Vita Bella nursing home are being rescued by helicopter
Oh thanks, Bern. Also, thanks for getting Trump voters to vote for your groupies. Your ego got us here and part of this is ON YOU.
Praying for the animals too
Far, far away?
Although I don't agree with his solutions. I really respect Bernie as person: because, he truly believes what he says

"Prayers"- taken over by pseudo christian RWNJs.
"Positive energy" -too flaky.
"Feelings" -sappy seventies song. 
WTF ELSE is there to say??
Glad you are NOT OUR PRESIDENT #BankFraudSanders
Bernie please get back out there and start holding rallies. We need a democrat to stand up #SupermanSanders
Ok. What was this about? I just checked the date.
Are you going to have the courage to condemn these ANTIFA Thugs?
Thank you Berine. We all need to come together to vote Rep out. If u hate what is going  on. VOTE REP OUT. Berine is for ALL MidC & Poor
Rather than just your thought, get off your ass bad actually do something positive to help!!
https://downtrend.com/donn-marten/democrats-silent-after-latest-antifa-rampage-in-berkeley?utm_source=fn3&utm_medium=facebook … Yeah, you and your leftist goon squad.
Why is THIS man NOT our president?
They need more than thought.
Thank you @RealRomaDowney we are all tired of America's hate and division although uniting under the hammer & sickle is not my idea of fun.
#JustSaying
I am really praying hard for Houston resident @Astro_Nicole and so many other great @Nasa Astronauts in Houston tonight.
.@SenSanders Please highlight the terrible flooding in Bangladesh and India also
#climatechange
http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/08/floods-kill-1200-india-nepal-bangladesh-170826230610924.html …

Do not ignore this. Do not ignore this. Do not ignore this. Do not ignore this. Do not ignore this. Do not ignore.
Why the hell cant this be our president #bernie2018 #trump-impeachment
Bernie Sanders, a true leader.
Thank you Bernie Nurse here in downtown Houston riding the storm out in the hospital
I hate the fact that this might be what it takes to convince Texas that climate change is real AND man made
Thank you sir
Thank you Bernie, ilysm
Last I checked TX was seceding because that 'big govt' is so bad! Guess today nobody is FedUp with 'big govt' huh? @tedcruz @GovAbbott
Thank you bernie.
We need more from you, Bernie!
Hope everyone is safe. Seeing those images makes us all sad. Only those people know what there going through right now.
Good now ur thinking about our people, Cudos
Thank you Bernie!! We 're here in Houston praying for those who lost their belongings,  may God bless us all.
how much after you donating to the red cross?
How much are you donating? Thoughts and prayers don't do much.
Praying for everyone in south Texas. We are a blessed nation.
What good are your thoughts?
Thank you!
May they be allowed to recover quickly!
Thank you Bernie, AKA next President of the United States 
As long as they aren't conservatives
Thank you, Bernie! I wish you were our President instead of #Trump!
Thank you for keeping us in your thoughts Mr. President 
PUT YOUR MONEY WHERE YOUR BIG MOUTH IS
And we all know asswipe will take credit for all his help. Oh lord. God help USA
Indeed Bernie. Everyone needs to come together and do what we can to help our fellow citizens. Hang in there Texas!
Thank you senator.
Praying they are able to find & rescue all those in danger.
Thank you for not saying "prayers."
Wow!  The first statement you've ever made that wasn't political and self-serving...or was it?
One Nation indivisible
Thank you! I'm in San Antonio
Do you have thoughts?
I wish the president talked like this instead of saying "good luck"!
What a joke. You don't care. Remember you wanted to steal 90% of their money to give lazy people. Retire old man!
Thank you!!!
#Harvey
come visit us please 
Thank you for your prayers we sure need them.
Is your family home safe?
Bernie's already shown more sympathy for Houston than the god damn president.

Ya right whatever. Trailer Trash Barney Sanders
#GovAbbott #SylvesterTurner @GregAbbott_TX #Un #fema ~ Hopefully, Houston, TX will not have the same fate as Santo Tomás de los Plátanos...!
FREE BEAT https://soundcloud.com/user-106002058/let-it-go …
Now will be a true test for our president.  The time for true leadership is now. #StandWithTexas
This type of devastation makes me sick to my stomach.  The state of Texas needs to deploy all resources necessary to save lives.
THANK YOU SENATOR/MENTOR!!
"PRESIDENT"
Thank you for showing your caring, compassion, and understanding  (unlike someone)
I am surprised you don't blame president trump for this too.
Funny, I don't see any "small government " Rs asking the Feds to stay away and not  provide help.
 for relief to families from those in power. 
tell HAARP to bring the storm to oregon to put out fires. our dummies in charge won't let us thin forests and make numerous fire roads
So find some rich guy to take money from and give to the poor in Texas now. I know u will not.
Our thoughts don't do much now u horses behind, our hands, money, prayers is what's needed, not in that order.
My president Bernie Sanders!
Let's try to learn from Sandy. Let us give the state of Texas the funding they need. Let us ensure it goes to those in need as well
Spoken like a true leader. 
What do thoughts do?
seems our #trump will only go #texas tuesday. presumably to rant and talk abt his achievements sofar, despicable, morally unfit #narcissist
God Bless
texas loves you bernie pls come and save us ur the only one that can
I AGREE!!  OUR COUNTRY NEEDS A VOICE AND I HAVE 3 EXCELLENT CANDIDATES....(SEN. BERNIE SANDERS...REP.  MAXINE WATERS....BARACK OBAMA)!!!
Hay Bernie with those 3 tws I welcome u as honorary conservative with Republican values. Now lean a little bit more to the right
Thanks for your thoughts jerkoff!!!
@realDonaldTrump  this is how a president should be like ...
Why don't you sell one of ur property and donate the profits to Texas
Free homes for everyone
Thank you Sir, for your informed and heart felt response.  Unlike our Dear Leader!
@realDonaldTrump, please stay home!
#houstonflood
We are a community- #HoustonProud!
Oh you are not going to say it's trumps fault
Why don't you retire and leave America alone no we need your thoughts you're a communist socialist and you keep those thoughts to yourself
See that? Now THAT is what a pesident is supposed to sound like.
You are pandering. Retire!
Will the two Texas Senators vote for relief this time???
Governors of New York, Virginia, and Florida are sending help. Time for California to step up to the plate!
IT SEEMS MR. SANDERS THAT YOU ARE DOING THIS FAR BETTER THAN THE PREZ. HAVE NOT HEARD FROM THE DICTATOR #sick #harvey #trumpfloods @maddow
We need a new party, one that cares about people and invests the resources to prevent this failure of leadership in the future.
We miss ya man
Very presidential!
Thank you, Bernie! So far we've managed to avoid much of the floodn but the rain keeps on coming. Wishin and hoping others in area stay safe
Terrible natural disaster.  Bernie & CNN, please don't find a way to blame Trump for this.  No one's fault so finger-pointing isn't needed.
Trump & company, this Texas disaster is not the fault of Obama, Hillary or the Dems. so no need to take shots at any politician.
Thank you Sen.Sanders.
Thank you for sounding presidential when all Trump could say was "good luck!" While boarding a plane
That's bs, you don't have to like Trump, but you don't get to lie
Excuse me???
Do I need to say it slower?
Hey @realDonaldTrump . This is what a president's supposed to say while sharing solution strategies & support systems for victims.
Great-great Grampa Bernie. You should have been out here before now...ur late. Friday where were you? Meeting with lawyers?
Thank you! It's pretty bad down here. We will get through it but it isn't going to be pretty.
ITS GOING TO BE OK!!
Thanks everyone! Im in Houston metropolitan area Surviving!
 this is my shocked face that you didn't blame this on Trump, oil companies, or capitalism.
this is why you should've been President. You care for the people and not for a damn wall. Much love from Houston 
Thank You Sir, we need help and lots of Prayers are Welcome
Whose thoughts?
Thank you
Not even the #POTUS but still more of a president than @realDonaldTrump will ever hope to be.  Our nation/world lost big not getting Bernie
Thank you Senator @SenSanders !! My city will bounce back. It's been non stop raining and people evacuating but we're all here to help!!
Please call out for the National  Guard to be sent to TX
Spoken like a true leader!
We BELIEVE YOU.

NOT
 #Cheezy2Scoops 
@realDonaldTrump
You elected,a monster....happy now
Bernie, your thoughts are not worth a crap!
Houston right now is a catastrophe but we gonna be alright
Thank you Bernie this is why I love you
thanks Unc
Lots of grocery stores around Ontario are setting up donation drives for pickups to deliver supplies for free.
Thoughts of prayers is wonderful but truth is #climate change is real and this is just a taste of what's to come. #wakeup
Do we have a FEMA Director?  Just asking for a friend in Fayette County, Texas.
Brock Long, fake news didn't report on all of the prep work done by FEMA as soon as they're able to get in
Meaningless. Ditch Mitch. Term limits.
Thanks, Bernie.
Donate diapers, it's not provided by disaster relief foundations

State, county & city officials should've evacuated Houston! It floods every rainstorm; hurricanes are huge, massive rain, they knew! Shame!
The state issued evacuation alerts the Mayor of Houston refused and that is a fact. It is being covered on local news agencies.
Your "thoughts" mean nothing to them.
all you're followers are brainwashed dunces, trump said the same thing you know
Thanks for being presidential when the president is off twitting nonsense!
At Camp David & all kinds of preparations were put in place...
Thank you. Houston has never seen anything like this this is a catastrophe
Hey Bernie I'm waiting for your tweet that somehow this hurricane is Trump's fault and somehow it's racist.
White clouds are harmless. The black ones bring the rain. Of course the storm is racist.
Thank you for showing concern and making this statement that POTUS didn't
A real leader.
Thank you, Senator Sanders. 
Help us Bernie.
He will let you come stay in one of his houses I'm sure of it.
Love you, Bernie. #

On 9/11, the world suppprted NYC.  On 12/14, we repaid + went 2 Newtown..  NYC we now need2go 2Texas.  Pls join:
Thank you for keeping up the fight for justice for all in America. And for showing us how a compassionate leader acts!
Spoken like a true American,unlike our poor excuse for a president #shameontrump #resistanceismoreimportantthanever #neverforgettrumprussia
Need fed troops and resources, where is Trump? It's only getting worse where is food water and shelter and dry clothing???
Hey GOD take control and let rebuilding happen and peace
Very true
https://twitter.com/NewtTrump/status/901848545308938240 … a real president.
Texas Governor Abbott says Trump administration is providing "everything that we need" for Harvey http://cbsn.ws/2wfOUwL 
Thank you for your thoughts Sen Sanders!  You're a real leader!!
FEMA Brock seems2 be doin8 job&US CoastGuard,hope TrumphasAbility2ReflectFEMACuts4 2018 on His Way Out of WH2TX. NYTimes July21, 2017:
thanks dad
I use to think of Harvey as a very pleasant six foot rabbit.
And Donald Trump keep building wall
Be my president
Hurricane Harvey #gotham #southpark
Thank you!
Meanwhile @realDonaldTrump is tweeting about the 2016 election and the border wall.
Don't run in 2020
and PRAYERS Bernie. your tongue won't fall off
Take care prima Arabelia! Praying for you and all of Texas!
Thank you, sir. 
You sound more Presidential than #45
Love this!! I concur!
Hope all Texans displaced from their homes will remember what compassion for less fortunate looks like
What a president would say if it weren't #45
It is horrible down here in Houston.
Tell Bernie to save u
Amen!  But stay out of it Bernie!  Our great POTUS has got this!!!
