He hears nothing but the voices of his campaign donors and the special interests he represents.
I represent the people, and in 2020 I'll be running against McConnell. Can I get your support in rooting him out? #coxforky #2020vision
Advice - do NOT align urself w/Bernie - some unsavory things r coming out abt him & if true u need 2 b distant - but hope 4 u 2 win!!!
If you think you're right, please give us some examples of these "unsavory things".
The harassment is beginning 2 explain a lot of things I have been hearing abt Bernie & his supporters. I was trying 2 keep an open mind.
People have asked you to be specific about your concerns
But I have not heard a response regarding your claims about Bernie
Please elaborate
Ya mean these specifics?
Well, fish isn't Trump under investigation
Why don't we wait till the investigations are over before deciding guilt
C'mon Bernie! Jesus Christ. He had disabled people on oxygen and in wheel chairs "physically and forcibly" removed from the corridor. WAKEUP
He's a truly vile human. Let's get him out of there.  I'm running against Mitch McConnell in KY in 2020. Wanna help? #coxforky #2020vision
We can't afford to wait til 2020. Whad'dya got ?
I've got a campaign going, and 30 years of his voting records. I need to raise awareness for the fight though. http://Facebook.com/coxforky 
You also need to make public who sponsors him. It isn't you and me.
Absolutely!
McConnell is a heartless, greedy b----rd-he obviously doesn't listen to anything but big$$$-hope KY has the brains to vote him out!
We'll try our best. I'm running against Mitch McConnell in KY in 2020. Wanna help? #coxforky #2020vision
How the hell has he been elected so often
Indoctrination. People raised to vote blindly without being educated about the issues and how they're effected. Education will help win this
Indoctrination is a prerequisite for a being a liberal. I'm from KY- I assume you are a Liberal and part of the resistance?
Ignorance is bliss.I am a liberal.Look up dictionary definitions of liberal & conservative.Indoctrination is just a stupid statement-typical
Not likely.  Mitch is evil!
They don't care!! Stop acting like they do. Money  is the only thing that matters. Less for us more for them!!
#TheResistence
Um... com'n Bernie. You know he didn't. He ordered the police to drag them out. Does that sound like listening to you???
These butchers were bought and paid for by the 1% = death by plutocracy
Give that mother *ducker a swirly already!!! 
Bernie could take him
Grab him by that chicken neck of his but be careful not to snap it 
Libetard spreading hate !!!
Lean to laugh #PutinBot
Lean?  How about "learn"
He's laughing all the way to the bank
McConnell didn't listen, he probably would have shot them all if he could have. His evil cowardice shone thru very plainly.
"Indict Mrs Sanders!"?
Mitch McConnell strikes me as someone who doesn't listen
Why trouble deaf heaven with your bootless cries. There are moments when how you act define who you are for the rest of your life.
To clarify, the deaf is the GOP and they will be judged.....badly.
WHAT CAN WE DO TO RUIN HIS REPUTATION. OR SPEED IT UP. HE AND RYAN REALLY ARE HORRIBLE.
I would say these people need to get a job but they look unemployable
Do u think it is time for gov to get out of the healthcare business and let the free market work?
He didn't. There isn't a shred of decency in him.
He's ok with ppl dying if it makes him richer.
Yet ppl keep voting 4 him
#maddening
He won't. McConnell cares about himself and his wallet.
He is really the problem. WILL GO DOWN IN HISTORY AS A SKUNK. SINCE DAY ONE OF President Obama's honest tenure.
#FelonyAbuseofVulnerableAdults  #FelonyChildAbuse  #FelonyElderAbuse
Such awesome brave people. So proud of them.
No new tweet from @SenSanders FEDERALLY PAID STAFF IN 2 hours... SHIFT CHANGE!!! LOL  What a bunch of SOCIALIST LOSERS!!!
No their not! If you people would just close your mouths. No one will be left out.
This is what happens when the policy was developed in secret and no hearings are allowed.  The people in wheelchairs get hurt. #NoAHCA
police state
He should ignore Soros-funded, leftist thugs that aren't the people.  Go take care of your wife.
No... he had them arrested !  Time to take a bus ride to Kentucky to have a town hall in his district for a good ole brainstorming session!
From photos I saw, many of them peacefully protesting were arrested #FreeSpeech #StillSanders #Medicare4All #SinglePayer
#McConnellAndCo. don't give a whit about people. They are all unfit to serve in a democracy!
Probably not
Corrupt crank @SenateMajLdr does not care about or represent the Americans who pay his salary. He'll let us die so the rich can profit.
What? A bunch of smelly basement dwellers?
If that fat b**** had to get up to get her next meal she will run like a marathon runner this is an absolute fake lie
Per Senator Sanders, "Tweets ending in -B are from Bernie, and all others are from a staffer." Bernie's FEDERALLY PAID STAFF tweet all day!
As opposed to federally paid POTUS golfing nearly every weekend.
Golfing is a great outlet when you put in 14 hour days at least 6 days a week... Most US Presidents have golfed, and all of us billionaires
Trump is not putting in 14 hours a day.  
I'm sure he pulled his head into his shell.
This is so unAmerican!  I'm sorry for the Capitol police who have to do what Mitch McConnell wants!
Do you actually think he gives a damn! And neither does the establishment democrats. If they did @CoryBooker would have voted for your bill.
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.nj.com/v1/articles/20234515/when_cory_booker_joined_bernie_sanders.amp …
Ay, sir! I am from NYC. I know your type. Too late! Stay away from Kamala Harris!  She could the next Potus. @SenSanders and @KamalaHarris 
Dude Harris is I  the pockets of lobbyist don't be fooled by a few videos of her talking rough to republicans
What??? She was great as a District attorney in San Francisco. Please, show me links. Don't tell me!! These politicians are untrustworthy!
Your people require Purity Tests is also Abominable! Your people don't want Unity get agrip on their extremism
https://twitter.com/bravenak/status/880223603400163328 …
Ron Howard chimes in with narration: "He didn't."
can't wait th heat what the FBI HAS TO SAY.....bout your frod  investigation.  Sell out.  I'm feelin the burn
You're a fraud. 

FBI investigation
The Sanders are so clean, especially when compared to the buffoon there now!
They're poor and sick. He had them removed because he has no interest in what they have to say. But he made time for insurance lobbyists.
I'd say anyone with a functioning brain and conscience already knew who McConnell really listened to.
Did you see video before they were removed? You assume
What's this video that you're referring to?
the one at the top of this thread just showed when they were removed by why
You mean the one that reaffirms what a complete POS McConnell is and that the protesters that need Medicaid could get fucked over?
no the one that only shows people being removed but not what they need to cause their removal. I'm all for peaceful protest over true facts.
Proud of those American's who stood up for liberty.. As disabled as they are... they are the country's hero's....
How does demanding access to other people's money make one a "freedom fighter?"
Mitch McConnell doesn't listen, he only spews
As hes collecting his cks $ from who knows where  living the lf now but rotting in hell later
You are sending people in quit inciting violence and hate !!
I wonder how many of these people have, in fact, read the bill or are they getting edited bits and pieces from liberals and socialists.
We're being laughed at now, is that better? Gop is going 2 kill us, but you're cheering. Blood is on your hands for supporting GOP.
Just like the GOP wants us to have dirty water and air. The same friggin water they consume and the same friggin air they breathe.
Who pays for their 100% coverage hospital , doctor, dentist eye care prescriptions the same people who are paying for freeloaders everywhere
I do not think he cares a bit
I hope you and Democrats listened to the voters in the four special elections that the DNC blew it's war chest on and won none of
I hope these protests continue and grow. Not just in the halls of Congress but in the streets of our cities as well!
Amen to that.We don't need McConnell "types" n Congress anymore.They r detrimental 2 the course of our democracy!
I don't think he ever listens, but we can always hope. 
Sadly, I doubt .@SenateMajLdr gives a rip.
If it is not in Sen. McConnells agenda, I don't think it matters one bit to him.
Stop paying your taxes you're getting no fair representation by the government
No he won't. He treats protesters worse than his healthcare plan.
He could care less what these people had to say. He's only interested in the high dollar lobbyists who shower him with gifts.
You know for a FACT that he did NOT.
He wont
@HouseGOP thrown out, before McConnell can finish any speech to clarify this bills intention. shame. 'IMPEACH TRUMP NOW'. @realDonaldTrump
Bernie, you and Rand Paul make a great pair of bookends. @RandPaul Just blubber stuff that makes no damn sense and hope for the best. Clowns
No, he did not.
Eyes are closed so are the ears 
Not likely.
Brave and dedicated protesters
What section of the bill mentions anything about Medicaid cuts?  Anyone. I couldn't find it. #Medicaid
I'm guessing he didnt cuz they don't care.They have great health coverage so Y listen? it passes,more$4 military= more equip.2 Russia&others
He does not care
this is a national disgrace and I am ashamed to be American.
bank fraud tho
People who already have difficult lives now have to be concerned w/ trying to save their lives...McConnell is the lowest form of life!
They don't care! They don't consider those people at all. If they do consider them at all, it's only to dismiss them. Coup for coup #onlyway
They started protecting before they knew what was in the bill. Wheel chairs. Nice touch Dems
Well we know the Alexandra shooter listened to you
Don't have to worry about that much longer you and your wife will be in Federal Prison pretty soon  you & your wife committed Bank Fraud
I guess GA-6 is celebrating the viciousness of the GOP! SAD
Why did your fan James T. Hodgkinson visit your office before shooting GOP officials? People are asking you.
You mean the demonstrators you paid for??
He will probably listen as well as the dems listened to the protestors when they passed Obamacare
We can hope but, even when they "hear", they don't listen & even then they don't really care about anyone but themselves & the top 1%.
I hope not. Snowflakes melt.
What happens to these people when Obamacare fails? Obstructing the GOP's last ditch effort to save healthcare, What a man of the people.
I hope too...but highly doubtful.
Mitch gets sexually aroused abusing poor and disabled people.
The cries. of the American people is falling on deaf ears. GOP Mitch McConnell does not give a fuck about the poor and the sick.
No @SenSanders He had them arrested. Thanks for all your help in the hallway!! Oh wait, you weren’t there. “conveniently”. You are a fraud!
Yeah, he had them arrested and forcibly removed.  Come on Bern. Start uniting and stop dividing, otherwise you are part of problem
Thank you. Well Saïd
Those protesters your stupid self encourage turn into killers
This is exactly what it will take to wake America up. We need not just those in wheelchairs,  but the old, the young, all of those who care.
He wants tgrse people dead& off Medicaid.He wants tgat money for 45&his merry band of fleecers! I'm stun ed by the site of that inhumanity
What happened in the last chair? Did they eat the person? I always suspected cannibalism somewhere
He might not have or even cared.  But WE DO!!!
I think the lobbyists payments are more lucrative to him.
He doesn't care about the American people!! He wants to make the rich richer and undo a great Black mans legacy. He is a racist misogynist.
He didnt
Never has listened never will
Doubtful at best sadly
He can't hear them ... 
.@POTUS listening to #BernieSanders and #Pelosi it's grateful to know someone with intelligence is leading this country #Trump #followme #me
The GOP have become a pernicious source and are now praying on what seems like the most vulnerable citizens, Its simply abhorrent.
Are u trying to intimidate Mitch McConnell? You said "hope"#investigate
What shameful rhetoric from these drama queens.
I pray you or your family are never affected by the changes this law would bring to healthcare in the same way that these people would be.
I hope he listens to the people that we're actually working today
Senator please read my tweets
I seriously doubt it.  He listens to no one other than Trump-buddies
obviously no one is listening to your demostators you would be President today
Wow, forcing people in wheelchairs out.
Keep spouting fear, you have convinced people to protest..  Maybe your lies could motivate someone to start shooting..  Oh wait...
You have orchestrated these obstructionist to a new program they will actually work.
Made any illegal withdrawals from ur local bank lately...fraud
Phony fraud
Committing bank fraud (shame) just like @HillaryClinton a liar and a crook. Why not give your millions to the poor? Isn't that your mantra?
I hope he did too. Should remind him of the loons that think a failed ACA was a good idea.
BERNIE,YOU KNOW DAMNED WELL OUR PEOPLE DON'T MATTER TO HIM UNLESS HE'S UP FOR ELECTION.
CALL BOTH senators and DEMAND they vote NO on #AHCA! 202.224.3121. #AHCA  affects EVERY SINGLE AMERICAN no matter what age they are! RT RT
I hear now a days if you don't give a shit about the people you don't listen to Shit ...& Turtle Man McConnell don't give a shit
Your going down Bernie, all you talked about how trump was under investigation but it was you and you wife!!! Kick in the face
He needs to resign. How can he stand himself
McConnell only listens to the oligarchy.  He does not care what happens to the other 99% of America.
A society that can't take care of it's most vulnerable citizens is a sick society.
you can't even keep your own house in order, but please tell us all how to do what is right. Sit down.
@SharylAttkisson AND I HOPE YOU HIRE A GOOD CRIMINAL ATTORNEY!! FBI INVESTIGATING YOU AND YOUR WIFE FOR BANK FRAUD!!!
Lawyer up
Pieces of shit..carrying out old sickly protesters by their hands and feet. Fuck McConnell and the whole lot of them
Yup. This is nuts an frankly unamerican. We are in the midst of a coup
Nah! @SenateMajLdr McConnell was too busy calling the police to have them all arrested. He is a heartless son of a bitch!!!!
Spoiler alert: he didn't.
Hope he listened to his constituents.
Of course he didn't. He doesn't care. None of them care.
he didn't, had them arrested.
U & ur wife r under investigation for bank fraud Yep ur a definitely a socialist. U dnc, hillary, lynch, obama administration r crooks#2018
Nah. @SenateMajLdr was too busy getting them arrested to actually listen. Or care.
he didn't
He didn't.
I hope you decide to save what dignity you might be able to scrape up and retire to one of your summer homes
Mitch McConnell's stronghold is nearing its' end. Thank goodness!
Unless they were Russian, Big Pharma, WS CEOs, I doubt he even registered they were there.
He did. It's why he had capitol police dump people in wheelchairs onto floor & drag them away. These are Trump rally attendee "values" too.
He could care less that man is pure evil
Dont hold your breath
That's the way of the party stir them up even before it was read bus them in to use their voices to complain . If they can do that then WORK
Are you effing kidding?
Protesters who were already lined up before the bill was made public? They would've of hated the bill even if it was the best ever just b/c.
And they had no clue what it had in it. Stupid liberals who have nothing better to do. Get over it Bernie you're 15 minutes have passed.
He listens to no one!
Paid protestors
No, the turtle man just had them removed because he's a twat waffle.
Can't you Bernie staffers come up with something more inspiring to say?
Of course, McConnell won't listen to them.
He just doesn't care.
Crystallize their voices.
Make it real.
McConnell is trying to to kill our families ... our mothers & fathers & children with disabilities.
Paid protesters You are disgusting Bernie
Don't count on it.
He probably didn't
Are you for real? Protestors were people who don't want to die, but will without HC. Do you want to die?? No? Neither do they!
I hope you stop ignoring the constitution
Really Bernie Bank Fraud for Bernie and Jane
Medicaid is not being stripped!  Read for yourself...stop just listening to MSM!
He has to care. He doesn't
I AM DISABLED. I Call you OUT.The cuts being done do not effect Americans. The cuts are illegals. Intellectual dishonesty. Shame on you.
Don't realize they are  trapped into the radical leftist ponzi,by U a whining obstructionist,  if not changed they will die for damn sure.
Then mobilise these people to vote. For gods sake, the power is with the people. Apathy is what is killing citizens.
McConnell turned off his hearing aid while protesters were outside his office
Please
@SenSanders , you're quite the optimist.
