

Hypocrit - your position has been dashed. You job should be changed
I wish u would ask all those questions & more about @HillaryClinton who stoled ur candidacy!There is NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION. Investigate #FBI
Yes, never was an FBI investigation against President Trump for Russia!!!!!
No, we're not.
Wanna bet?
Huh? You don't seem so hunky anymore
haha. I don't get the Bernie hatred from the Democratic Party. Actually I do get it.$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ Oligarchy/Corporatists/RepublicanLite
DNC should change the fucking rules if they don't want Independents running as Dems, instead of cheating under the rules they've established
My dear! Language! And the DNC will never make THAT mistake again, I'm sure.
This is why we have shootings. The IRRESPONSIBLE RHETORIC of POLITICIANS whipping IDIOTS on the LEFT into a FRENZY! STOP the BULLSHIT!
The art of the con. The con artist djt
SESSION just asked to waste our time and money and win his way back Little Lord Fauntleroy's good graces. wat a disgrace
Please stop the witch hunt, stop your hate, stop your 'resist and obstruct' and work for the people.
No, it doesn't. Some of you on the other side of the aisle are like a damn dog with a bone. 

Say it with me:  NO evidence of collusion.
Then why keep all these lies up and keep covering shit up?
Ask no questions, keep no notes, forget meetings, can't recall events. Avoid the truth at any cost. #SessionsTestimony
"sad, strange little old man"
Should be more like Comey, huh? Now there's some integrity.
#Sarcasm
Well, like most humans, Comey has his strengths and weaknesses. But we all know why he was fired and hint, it wasn't job performance.
Sir do you not even care your own party derailed yours? Your revenge is on the wrong person and party.
collusion with Russia, a false story told by democrats.
I agree Bernie. Also why did they seem apologetic asking Sessions question. He's the AG. Man up!!
Your vote to impose sanctions on Russia raised questions for me. Can you explain. Already had the votes and you made a speech. Srsly asking.
You are delusion. 
Why don't you make a hospital visit and denounce YOUR supporters listening to your encouragement of VIOLENCE twrd right?!
@KimDotcom who's going to straighten out the @SenSanders about Seth Rich?
Bernie Sanders I don't know who you are. What a phony revolutionary. #liarandtraitor
Bernie is a pathological liar now making him the perfect democrat leading his fake revolution 2 now running this Russian propaganda hoax
Yea like the clintons and their Russian connections?
Where did you get $10 million into your campaign fund that was never reported? Russia? Think we will just use Russia like the Dems as escuse
You are detestable!
Did Comey's appearance raise any questions for you?
hey Bernie, how about some proof. Can't get over the election from 7 months ago?
#TrumpRepublicanCreatedThisEnvironment: SecurityLaxUnderTrump:
#RepublicanConsciousBeTheirGuide:Trump estray leadership along with his yes boss choir, created a intra aggressive attitudes on both sides. 
Or....When there is an unknown, whether it exists or not, there is a question. Russia+Trump=unknown.
You speak theory as truth. Grow up
Your kidding us right ? Or your drinking that nasty liberal kool-aide get over it and move on for the sake of the Country .
Get over this lie. Stop the obstruction. It's clear the Dems made this up. Stop the hysteria. People are getting killed. Dems r responsible
You Bernie and your nutwing followers should be investigated by FBI
This is the type of bs that causes your supporters2 become domestic terrorists! Knock it off! No collusion found! #irresponsible #tcot #p2
STOP NOW!! There is NO RUSSIA! You are causing hate for ALL of us Repub's across the country with your nonsense!! Look what happened today!!
This kind of ignorant rhetoric is what caused today's shooting.
Your just ignorant. @SenSanders i am not a trump supporter
OBJECTIVELY Nothing CONCRETE have been probe against the Russian government      determinations of EXACTsources of any action not conclusive
Bernie do your homework, 
Sessions was DC present, 
previous to you and yours seditious stentorian blathering.
Look into Seth Rich murder.  Podesta knew the police officer, the doctor & the bar mgr, involved in his killing. Bar mgr & doctor visited WH
See and it's this kind of shit that caused the shootings today
Get rid of Bernie Sanders he's a communist.
Podesta sent an email stating, "I want to make an example of the leaker, whether or not there's proof".  Do U think he meant Russia?  Absurd
Makes more sense, DNC insdier, Seth Rich who sent 44,053 emails to Wikileaks is the source of leak.  Seth was murdered for his effort.
Do you really think, Russia would partner with Wikileaks to get out the information they had already stolen?  Could have given to any media.
What was revealed is DOJ. Lynch is the obstructionist.  Comey took orders from Lynch to deny investigation as matter?  You surprise me.
This in not true. If you insist on pursuing a unicorn, no amount of logic will find it. Those emails came from DNC insider, Seth Rich. Ck it
Bernie just stop stop trying to divide the country more and more every day with your stupidity just please stop
Did you notice there was no Russian collusion in October or Nov 6 & 7? What happened 11/8 ?? In fact Obama just vetted Flynn for clearance.
#MAGA you ain't got nothin on Sessions! #ByeFelicia #trumptrain #liar
Come on Bernie.  Disappointing to see your also joining in on this witch hunt.
You are clinically insane.
Congress baseball gunman was a #Trump-hating #Bernie supporter!
Turn up your hearing aide Gramps Bernie. His opening statement denounced all accusations 
No it did not. It raised questions as to how childish and ignorant the left is on this issue. You and your peers are embarrassing.
U R trying to overthrow a legally elected US President that I did NOT vote for! 
STOP waisting time & my tax money! STOP HATING & GET 2 WORK
They are all hiding something! Wait for it.....will hit the fan!
BTW: how's your wife handling the fact that she is under FBI investigation for fraud and mishandling of university funds?
Nope! Just proves you and your cronies continue to peddle conspiracies with ZERO evidence or common sense.
you're a total fool
If nothing to hide, then answer the questions. Public anger is escalating to a point where violence is an alternative. DT attracts violence.
Big floppy wieners.
It's time for Committees to invite them after a confirmed position from WH because they diminish their role to nothing + damage institutions
Trump strategy:claim no exec privilege pretending openness to investigation,menials under oath deny truth in case He will in future time.
Sessions swore to uphold the Law and wants to jail "bad people" has subservient loyalty to Trump thus eroding trust to essence of Presidency
You said the same about Comey, maybe it's time to investigate you. Sen. BS.
Yes, like does he have dementia with all that memory he can't recall.
Who cares about Russia?!?! Fix our country!!
@andrewshopee it's funny B/c Russia hacking happened on Obama's, Clapper's & Comey's watch....but Trump/Russia blah blah blah
Give us a break, so delusional to spend our taxpayers dollars doing absolutely nothing what a joke
Finally a comment about something other than himself
It's time for a special prosecutor to investigate Burlington College & the collusion between the Sanders family to steal tuition $$$
Say it Sanders!
You are blinded by your Socialism.
Seems pretty clear, if you still have ears, eyes, and a brain. The more important question is what would Trump do for a Klondike Bar.
Isn't it great to know you mean nothing. None of you do. All that means something is the GOP controls.  Welcome to what you created Bernie

Have you become Don Quixote?
SO RUSSIA DID NOT DO ANYTHING WHEN OBAMA RAN? NIXON RAN? BUSH?
OR BILL CLINTON?  THEY JUST ALLEGEDLY STARTED IN 2016?
Bernie you didn't even watch the testimony or you would know what you are saying is false.
I can't answer as a matter of "policy" of the DOJ...well it's more a "rule"..well its a matter of "practice".  People deserve answers!
If there was evidence, it'd have come out already. Stop the #WitchHunt
The Dems got steam rolled yesterday.
You and your progressive buddies are wasting everyone's time and money- investigate actual crime committed by obama and clinton
Stop the witch hunt, 1950's all over again.
Russia ,Russia,Russia. Bernie likes Russia he honeymooned there in the 70's when the Soviet had 20,000 nukes all aimed at us. Russia Russia
you need to go work with poutin you guys when so far left to a point you can't be right
Speaking of FBI investigations...how's your wife? Will you miss her when she's #lockedup ?
Move on an comb your hair
Bernie, come on. He did try to derail. Drump the buffoon has been a lying con man his entire life. Why would he change ever? He's a crook.
god bless u all w/knowledge and wisdom to make the world one love...get along..and move...help, love...take out evil people..don't be stuck.
look for truth on corruption...now maybe the world can change in righteousness...heal, if only trump to can be a righteous leader...move....
I believe years before trump was government...Neto...who created that should be in trouble..they were killing alot last year before trump.
should really attack who was doing all the killings last year instead of worrying about them bernie...unless they were part of it...
You're on a witch hunt. Good luck
You sound like Hilary on Russia.. Not a good look when Trump is to the left of you.
Of course
Does Sessions have dementia?
just call it a matter. 
there's no evidence of collusion w/ Russia but there's evidence of collusion between the DNC/CNN/Hillary to snake UR nomination.
Sessions  behaved like your average elitist - That's what entitlement looks like.
Yeah Putin really made out on this deal--sanctions remain, bombs closest ally.
Oh sorry! Forgot we don't use logic here. I mean RUSSIA!!!
Just because Putin didn't succeed doesn't mean he didn't try hard.
do you really think the majority of the voters buy that? Try harder. It doesn't make sense, polls and computers were monitored by DNC
why is truth so difficult for WH and GOP these days? Certainly they havent all been corrupted, have they?
Trump doesn't need to derail the Russia investigation because whichever intervention Russia "could have had"it happened during Obama's admin
How can people who engaged in treason against America, receive pardons for those actions?  Is there something in the Constitution?
the audacity of #sanders to even show his face in public after his mother of all sellouts is absolutely asstounding 

#hillary 666
There's a good chance You would be president right now. But the criminals in your party were so arrogant to think people were that stupid !
You sir need your head examined but I'm sure they will find fresh dung there because you're head has been inside your rectum far too long.
Sorry sir, by now the world's not surprised anymore abt these thgs. I wish u all the best in your hard work and that you may be successful.
He is on the Russian payroll
Are you living in an alternate reality from the rest of us ??? Apparently we watched two different Session's testimonies !!!!
And your trying to tear the Dems apart just so you can run for President- we need a new generation in the WH and on the hill.
he's been instructed to, along with coats , Trump has told them all make it go away before mike flynn gives testimony
what a joke! HE didn't you fool!
Actually, Sessions laid all doubt to rest... only a Russian shill trying to occlude their own collusion would think otherwise. Go Trump!
Oh stop
No proof of collusion but yet Bern can't prove where 10 $million went from his common man campaign fund, has no right to judge
Everyone is tired of the Russia BS, GET TO WORK ON BREAK ISSUES.
Me thinks he doth protest too much... (Sessions, that is)
You must NOT have watched the same hearing, or your mind is going. Stop drinking the liberal kool-aid & wasting tax $ on false narratives.
You are embarrassingly partisan and clueless.
YOU went to Russia. Therefore YOU are colluding with them. RETURN MY DONATIONS you SELLOUT.
"sad, strange little old man"
U have proved as dishonest as Dems to suggest sessions who served this country is a Russia spy . U r low life like democrats
I'm not sure I watched the same hearing. But good luck with that.
It raised more questions about why Hillary, Obama, Lynch, and Holder aren't in jail. You too for being a lying failure.
Bernie! When are you going to start discussing real working solutions instead of bitching and promising free everything. We are bankrupt
You must've fell asleep again. Did you take your geritol?
Can you get Jeff fired...
agent orange answers nothing + sessions answers nothing = treason.  Please wake up final 34%....
You must be going senile. Did we watch the same hearing?
Bernie  I thought he did wonderfully. Believed every word he said. What a honest person. You on the other hand....
I watched the whole damn charade and the main question it raised was why are you wasting our time. And yours.
Are you deflecting that your wife is going to jail for bank fraud?
That's only cause u didn't understand and don't wanna understand and just criticize everybody cause u think u r all kosher, remember NRA
What were u listening to Bernie just take your meds and quit rabble rousing it's embarrassing you bad
Maybe Bernie the pied piper of pot heads colluded with the Russians to bring down Hillary for screwing him.
Sessions was incredible: his responses: "i don't recall", "I won't tell you", "I'm not sure", and "I don't understand your question". Hmmm
Wow!  You are so disillusioned and lack any moral framework.  You need help Mr. Sanders.  Retire & get it.
You tell them Bernie.  Thanks for always voicing our concerns #theonepercent
Trump start putting corrupted leakers in prison.  No excuses
You must be on dope  Bernie to come up with that conclusion.
Bernie.  Stop making a fool of yourself again.
Did you watch the same hearing.
Gee, @SenSanders what frick'n testimony did you listen to?
Bernie stay on top of them.  We don't have a lot of honest people in DC right now. Just keep it real.
Not for the rest of America, I am so proud of him and feel so secure with an honest and decent person like him in charge of our Justice dept
There are no questions there Bernie the President can fire for any reason he wants. I know he fired Comey becouse he's to tall.
There was none Senator. How many times do you have to hear it before your ideological blinders come off?
Why are any of them allowed to change any laws while they are being investigated?  That's just wrong!
A repeat of Nixon-stonewall as long as possible
Lol... The insanity doesn't stop
Sessions is lying that's why he is nervous as hell! Just look at him while Kamala was pounding him with just simple questions!
More questions? There is still no evidence but smoke and mirrors. Smokescreens. There's no fire. No evidence. When is Loretta Lynch arrest
The deep state paid off Bernie to go away. He could have run third party and maybe win. Now you're even pushing the Russian delusion.
This administration is making a joke of the office of the Presidency. Recuse, & then don't; tapes, & there aren't.
Everyone, regardless of party should be appalled by the behavior of ELECTED Officials. Let's remember this at the polls!
the Russians r coming the Russians r coming omg my govt is populated with dumbasses
The only question it raised is "Why are the dems wasting taxpayer money on this investigation into nothing. Go after the Russians not repubs
Hillary Clinton took the election out of your hands. You stood by and did nothing about it. You were afraid of a loser woman.
When are you going to get to work and do something. You politicians are so worried about power you never do anything. Sloths all of you
Can you please explain what's going to happen in your opinion? I only trust you tbh.
Yo you're irrelevant like go away
- Bernie's right again!
Bernie do you honestly believe white people don't know what it's like to be poor or were you just pandering to the black audience?
