Today's most important topic: saving the ACA

You can run for president next week, Bernie.
You walking: A stick of gum sounds nice... *trips*.
Every ACTUAL Dem member of the Foreign Relations Committee: Gum? Who has time for gum when we need to focus on saving the ACA?!
There is a lot going on in the world. Not sure if you noticed but we are potentially on the brink of nuclear war.
Yes, that's why the people actually involved in our foreign policy are busy doing things rather than making campaign speeches
Im aware of the fact that you dont care about policy, you just hate Bernie and will attack anything he does. You are boring and trasnsparent
I actually care quite a bit about foreign policy which is how I know that until 2016, Bernie didn't.
Next?
Maybe we should keep negotiating with crazy/Kim so when he does launch a ICBM with a nuke and detonates it we will have WWIII?  Black male?
The Americans were "killed" and the Iraqis and Afghanis "died". Right. #DumpTheDems and #BuildAWorkersParty to #FightForAWorkersGovt

Your job is to worry about our country.
That was the failed Obama Administration were in a new administration and the time to talk has ended You missed the debate it Implementation
That's why Americans are dying. They are there to fight for the freedom of people oppressed by those governments
You're either brainwashed, delusional or  misinformed. I hope you feel that way if we are invaded.

Yeah because we got so much oil after Iraq.....i wish
What do you suggest as alternative @SenSanders : #ISOLATIONISM #USA ?
So not invading countries is isolationist?why dont you go fight
So sad,. An d. Trump. To. Incompetent a. Leader to. Stop. All. These killings
You forgot the most important part..."for nothing." They died for nothing worthwhile. Nothing. At. All. No peace, no security, no justice.

Dont forget the Israeli holocaust against Palestinians armed by Americans to let Israeli jews massacre arabs
Palestinians are not Arabic you ponce
Why does UN state that 16,000 children under five die every day from preventable causes? What's it going to take to immediately end this?
Nothing will. As long as those kids live in shitty countries with shitty leaders.
Do have any ideas how to change? Could military do more to stop these terrible leaders and get care to people? I'm confident we can solve!
The military doesnt run the country, so unfortunately even if we have good ideas, we are still bound by law and restrictions from government
Single payer health care
Recommend Ken Burns Vietnam
It's not a foreign policy- it's a protection racket.
Ahhhh such a nice platitude , Crazy Bernie.
You mean the sociopathic Americans that can't kill enough? Whine about there being no money to care for ppl, infrastructure...
Almost seems like we're trying to create 'terrorists' that we then 'need' to fight

#SmokeAndMirrors
Yeh @SenSanders - but wars making great progress and getting dividends via oil, drugs and mining. They should thank USA...
  Not!
We don't have a foreign policy we have a blood thirsty war machine that needs 700billion yrly to exist.
 #nomorewars
Not to mention the >600K men, women and children we killed in retaliation for 911.  And we wonder why people are angry. #overkill
&we continue to kill through drone strikes & arming Saudis. Every orphan we create is another person with a legitimate grievance against us.
Absolutely.
Who thinks the preamble to our constitution intended for millions of US to be denied HC/bankrupt while killing a million Iraqi defend'n home
Awesome
Exceedingly rare is the American politician who even mentions the foreign casualties of our wars for empire
Yeah, with all that tribute we are raking in from our "empire"....
You know theres sth wrong with a country that is proud of its the mother of all bomb yet can't provide healthcare for its own people
You want socialism, move to a socialist country
Completely agree. Especially if that "FP" stands for "For President". 
Bernie, you'll be a dried up toadstool by 2020. Enjoy your retirement
But but....MUST KEEP MAKING BOMBS....LOTS OF MONEY TO BE MADE IN WEAPONS SALES!!
Your good at pointing out what's wrong you had the chance to fix you dropped the ball
Ok brain fix it
Jeez. There is 3+ years before the next election. Stop it already.
you supported gw going into afgan-and even if you were against going into iraq-you supported funding for both over and over and over
That happened on YOUR watch, Bernie & now you want war w/ RUSSIA. What about all the other countries destroyed on YOUR watch?
#OurPepes
Doom & gloom, Senator..that's been your failing tactic since day one.
You're a vile snake in the grass, imperial establishment talking-points and memes-promoting, Zionazi fraud, Bernie Sanders.
7 thousand soliders and 1.5 M innconet in iraq only , G Bush still not in jail
Bernie, they really need a good leader like you in Venezuela. 
I would nominate you for President there! 
(They already feel the Bern)
Bernie's approval rating - 82%.  Trump's approval rating - 34%.  Seems like America is feeling the burn, too.
Some of us are too busy working & taking care of family to respond to pollsters. Besides, Hillary is leading in polls, Trump has no chance!
Did YOU show OUTRAGE when four AMERICANS were killed in Benghazi? Nope, sir, you did not. Please spare me your sanctimonious BS!
And of course, about F-35s.
Just like obama always apologizing for America.
Just have to ask here- why did you vote for regime change in Iraq twice?
What an odd endorsement of Obama
I just clicked on the hashtag to see if it stood for #Bernie #ForeignPolicy or #BernieForPresident? Both are good :)
Both are unrealistic and terrible for the country. I respect his honesty, but that doesn't make him any less misguided.
Now can you please talk about the military spending as a huge drain on us all, wars are Climate destroyers. Thanks
Tell it like it is Bernie! War..what is it good for? Absolutely Nothing!
what about bath house Barry dropping more bombs on more countries than any president in history? Where was ur outrage then?
And we can thank the electoral college for all of it.
Then do as @RandPaul suggests & stop letting presidents decide on war. It is for Congress to debate & declare.
You don't know anything about domestic policy...let alone foreign policy. Stick to what little you know.

As veterans of the so called war on terror we agree  .@BernieSanders is the Comander in Chief we need. #Vets4Bernie http://www.thedailybeast.com/bernie-sanders-the-war-on-terror-has-been-a-disaster-for-the-american-people …
Glad you can speak as a collective so well, you take to socialism like a fish to water. #fromyourpocketstoours
Money spent on health care, infrastructure other things good for Americans does not allow us 2 threaten to wipe other countries off earth,
And Eisenhower saw that first hand fighting Nazis
Stop trusting this Russia agent.  He's as fake as Trump
Under Obama's Democrats administration we played war games. As if we were for the other side We announced our plans and it cost us lives.
'Merican Foreign Policy of Profits b4 People.
Shut up Bernie please. Your like an addhd child off meds.
And "10's of thousands wounded in body and spirit from a war we should have never gotten into" @SenSanders #BernieFP Keep fighting! 
It's a good time to have Ken Burns' 'Vietnam War' on PBS.
You voted for Afghanistan.
What do you propose Bernie?What would you do?
@SenGillibrand hint.. you got @NATO troops  & NATO sectarian general @jensstoltenberg also part of war in Afghanistan
Guessing. I maybe wrong. When will war Afghanistan ever be over. Saying
Well the death and mayhem, along with misplaced priorities of pilfering away the nation's wealth on endless war.
What a coincidence? Do yo share her views? https://twitter.com/valerieplame/status/910884546723196929 …
Our soldiers and middle eastern citizens do not deserve death only for the enrichment of the military industrial complex and US imperialism!
Trump didn't start this shit. Dumb dimm
America wants war because war makes money 

@AnissaNow #northkorea #donaldtrump  @IntheNow_tweet
you rock, Bernie.
