Put this Old Bird out to Pasture
 You
Bernie is the Real Power of the People, for the People and By the People
He's and Con!
Yes a con and a major Hypocrite!
The Left criticized Reagan for being "too old." Not a peep about grandpa Bernie.  Bernie's hands tremble. Such hypocrisy from the Left.
So then, TX, where is/was your criticism of the age-related double standard?  That's MY point.
GO BERNIE! SINGLE PAYER SOON
Single payer?  Obama lied about his package the first time.  Single payer will overload an already-bankrupt government system. Crazy!!!
NoYou guys say theres money for TAX CUTS. So we have money for My Healthcare, Kids, grandmas, your too, like it or notDon't touch it
We knew that would happen, from the start.  What good is having a policy if the terms of use are too onerous?  Defend that???
Whats "onerous" is taking  healthcare, messing with Medicare,Medicaid, giving that money as a tax cut. If there is $ 4 that $ 4 healthcare.
Bernie works hard for the people! We need Bernie! He doesn't give up! Bernie for President!!!
Valery, go look up the definition of Marxism.  And while you're at it, Google the 1936 Soviet Constitution. Promises, promises, promoses.
I would rather hear when he's going to prison
As usual you clowns jump the gun, all I said was I can't wait for him to go to prison never mentioned his crooked wife. I'm allowed to hope
I can't believe she's still on the air. Who watches her show anymore?  It popped up on Twitter like Freddy Krueger.  She needs to retire.
He "means well" but he caused Trump to be elected due to his selfrighteousness.
According to the source of those allegations they're hearsay alone. But keep believing the Republican provocateur...
I stretch no truth, I post an opinion from the very source this story stemmed from. That's where I get my information. Where's your source?
She does? She did? Why that's fantastic. Just a little too late.
Go get'em Bernie
I would rather watch an interview with a real Dem with a real understanding of healthcare policy who doesn't shout or point fingers.
You had nothing to do with this.
And I don't like him. He doesn't do it for me at all.
The old man who screwed his supporters from their donations when he quit on them
Go Bernie we stand together as one Nation under God
Get the fed out of HC and turn it over to the states
Too bad we have infotainment instead of real news I'd be proud to say Bernie Sanders was my president
Pls don't I can't listen to that fraud rabble rouser any more

Instead of thinking about ideas "democrats" with a whopping 26% of voters would rather play identity politics. That's how we go here.
Dems stand for high taxes, open boarders, keeping the blacks down, special interest.etc. Bernie Sanders = Mr 13%
Ha ha ha. Compromise! What the population wants does not reflect the views of lobbyists palling around with politicians.

#SinglePayerNow
Bernie needs to be president ASAP
Once Again, NewsPeople BERNIE SANDERS IS NOT A DEMOCRAT! FIND A DEMOCRATIC WOMAN! Warren. Klobachar. Gillibrand. Get REAL. GET IT RIGHT!
Bernie IS NOT WHO LEADS ON THIS ISSUE. Women. Any Woman. Warren. Klobachar. Stabenow. Gillibrand. Women LEAD ON HEALTHCARE NOT OLD WHITE MEN
Please keep fighting for us.  #yourallwehaveSenSanders
Do not make me turn this car around! Who the fuck cares if it was Bernies or Hillary's plan. JFC on a cracker. Get over it! It's not helping
Well, I do. I no longer care about the people themselves but the plans themselves? I care very much since they were nothing alike
Care about healthcare but the bullshite blame back & forth 24/7 is damaging the country.
Are you saying that to the Republicans or do you see a huge gap between beliefs?
I try not to talk to Republicans unless they are my Senator & Gov. Personally, I want single payer. I don't care who said it 1st.
I don't care who did either. I want a party that will get it done. Dem leadership is clear they won't. That is my issue
That's not going to happen until we get rid of the current administration, no matter how much we wish. Current Dem leadership non-existent
We shall see. New party may have more legs than I originally thought
Didn't watch, but did you ask him about the 3 FBI investigations on Jane and himself?
Why do you give that left wing socialist any airtime is beyond me. You will never get a dime from me to support your leftist programming.
God Bless you Senator Sanders for standing with working families in this nation
I hope he runs again!
Love you Bernie.  It would be wonderful for us ordinary people if your brilliant and advanced idea would take root and grow in our country
.@NewsHour on #Periscope: Watch : @JudyWoodruff interviews @SenSanders abt what's next in the reform showdown
Sanders will intro a single-payer bill #courage. That's where we're headed. #healthcareforall
Preach it Bernie!!
I didn't hear anything about Sander's wife's criminal investigation.  Nice cover-up, Judy. If it were a Republican, that story would lead.
Republicans, democrats & independents must work together to ensure health care for all citizens. That probably means ignoring the president.
Not one damn democrat help Mitch on this! 8 years, 66 bills @tax payer money! ABSOLUTELY NO BIPARTISANSHIP W/OBAMA. Mute on Russia! Hell NO!
Like Hugo Chavez when he walked down the street claiming buildings "for the people."  What happened to private property rights, Bernie?
I don't think so
Sanders is socialist nut
Bernie, Very Good Presentation
.@NewsHour en #Periscope: Watch on #Periscope: @JudyWoodruff interviews @SenSanders about what's next in the health
What's next is the collapse of Obama care.
Bernie   Sanders:  true patriot, statesman and warrior for justice for all.
98-2 Bernie, why??? Why would you not want to block 45 from rolling back sanctions on the Putin government regime?
it was about the sanctions on Iran trying to prevent World War 3 important maybe
WATCHING NOW, ANCHOR  @JudyWoodruff
.@NewsHour on #Periscope: Watch on @JudyWoodruff interviews @SenSanders about what's next in the health care reform
What's next in his wife's fraud scandal?
trump is the idiot
Obamacare stinks 2 much $ We need to replace with affordable healthcare for all!!!
Thank-you Senator for all you have done for Americans and all you continue to do hugs Bro

2020
easy for you to say, prisoners get free health care. So with that and the Senate plan your covered.
.@NewsHour on #Periscope: @JudyWoodruff interviews @SenSanders about what's next in the health care reform showdown
When doctors, hospitals, nurses & AARP oppose GOP health plan, vote no. Just fix & improve Obamacare. Stop sabotage & lies.
Good luck. Obama care is going crumble then where you all be.
Collapse of Obamacare
honesty and intelligence!
Bethany, you need to get out more.  Seriously. Listen to Mark Levin and hear both sides.  Bernie  is a classic Marxist.
SENATOR  UNTIL THE GOP AND DEMS UNITE !WE WILL BE AT THIS STALEMATE !EITHER FIX THE ACA! OR JOIN TOGETHER TO DRAFT A BILL!
If a guest came into your home, violated your family, called the police said u attacked them, would u invite them back? No democrats help.
Go Bernie! Tell it like it is. Bill opposed by every major healthcare organization.
Take the money out of Insurance Company's coffers and they may dislike Single Payer just as much or more. Then go after #BigPharma and Whoa!
I like Uncle Bernie.  But he can't protect us. He couldn't even fight off Hillary. 
Is it just me.  Bernie happy to talk health care talk Russia not so much
.@NewsHour en #Periscope: @JudyWoodruff interviews @SenSanders about what's next in the health care reform showdown
Sen Sanders, if they try to bring up your honeymoon in former Soviet Union, I humbly suggest you just tweet this pic
https://newrepublic.com/article/143586/trumps-russian-laundromat-trump-tower-luxury-high-rises-dirty-money-international-crime-syndicate …
Nope
He's the reason we're in this mess to begin with.
this mess was started by Clinton in 92 when they took Coke brothers money
#BernedOut
How about starting with accusations of Bank Fraud ------@BernieSanders
