@POTUS Jesus fed the hungry and cared for the sick.  Be like Jesus.
We are the #RICHEST Country in the WORLD yet we CANNOT provide Free Medical Coverage for ALL of our #Citizens???? REALLY?!?!? #PRIORITIES!
Oh please,  if other countries have Universal Healthcare,  we certainly can do it. You just have to think differently. Get outside the box.
Yea, and at what tax rate are they paying for this "free health care "?
to make it work. You're disasterizing because you aren't invisioning how Single Payer Medicare can work.  It's already working for ppl/65+.
Here is REV 1. New #IronicallyJUST Revenue Streams.
We could ALSO Upgrade #Infrastructure and #PayDownDebt.
If #LegalWeed added, NoMoreDEBT
If providers charged people the same price they charge insurance companies,  we wouldn't need coverage
Communist
Didn't you vote for Obamacare promising everyone free healthcare , you freaking joke. People don't forget.
How in the hell did you ever get elected to congress?  Are there that many dead-brained liberals out there?
I use to like trolling you, but you are soon to be in jail so I'll take it easy on you
How? all r covered w/ ACA! 2 lazy to make the effort?  unaffordable?  Don't want 2 pay their fair share?  28 million r illegals? Clarify
I would follow you blindly.
He is a 1%. He has no time for you.
Interesting stats considering we are still under the great Obamacare. What did that solve? Absolutely nothin, say it again...
You know what I mean...like you. First full time job at 40 years old. You are a leech.
Pls, pls speak at our Millions Marching For Medicare 4 All rally on Capitol West Lawn July 24. march4medicare4all@gmail.com #MMFM4A
Health insurance doesn't = health care. We need a single-payer + system for all. Let's get the profit motive out of basic healthcare.
The gop keeps getting in the way!
No we don't. We live in a corporate monopolistic economy. There is very little competition. No way to substitute services and goods.
Wait, what? I though the liberal Obamacare fixed that. ITS STILL LAW. YOU and your ilk FAILED and increased debt by $10 TRILLIION just STHU
But obama care would still fine you whether you could afford it must have slipped by during your loan scheme huh bernie?
Stop the bank fraud and there will be more for health care
How come no one goes to Canada for Healthcare, oh 17 weeks to get an MRI. Single payer is stupid.
And why is that Burn? Because you and the left have destroyed jobs. Invited illegals in. Makes more Democrats who don't want to work.
@SenSanders Shouldn't you be preparing your defence for for FBI investigation on Bank fraud.
A whole bunch of Americans don't want insurance.  The others don't think they'll need it.  And, still some won't do anything to get it!
Thanks to Obamacare
Thank Obama.
28 million. Fake number but if true that was under democrats and Obamacare!  Repeal and replace
sign the bill and they will have insurance
One way or another, we all pay for the uninsured.  Why not do it the humane and more effective way-provide insurance...
Leave insurance out. They are just financial institutions that are in it for the profit only.
Insurance companies are for profit companies that make money from investments. They tend to delay or deny payments.
If we would overhaul the pharmaceutical industry rather than the healthcare system there would be no need for the latter. Its blatant theft
In fairness, though, pharmaceuticals exps only abt 12% of health care spending... really good to also look at other saving opportunities.
Maybe on paper but not if you factor in addiction. We have this system which perpetuates sickness & overlooks the underlying problems for $$
Not the purpose of the federal government.  Move on.
What exactly is the purpose of the federal government if not to protect the welfare of it's citizens?

Please elaborate.
and what exactly is "the public welfare?" It seems obvious that rights are individual-oriented.
And so is the constitution. Individual
Forcing someone to "BUY" health insurance is communism, plain and simple!
I'm insured through my job. I can't afford my premiums, my copays, deductible or out of pocket maximum. If I go inpatient I'll be screwed.
There has to be a better option. We pay so much in taxes already. Why can we not re appropriate our taxes to cover our health. Fair Taxes!!!
True. Why do we spend trillions on Mars research at this point in history? Why pay for so many things we don't want but no healthcare?
I was thinking more in line with big business, mega churches & millionaires paying their fair share of taxes. NASA is very still important.
your plan would bankrupt USA
America is already in debt.  Look at the numbers and there is more spending under this administration.  #FACT
Jobs????? where are the jobs?  And most of my friends that are in the military cannot see where they are getting paid any more money.
Sounds to me 28 million need to go to work instead of waiting for the taxpayers to pay for it.
Why do people not have insurance? I thought the ACA took care of that. Oh right, it's an utter failure. #BankFraudBernie
And we are the richest country in the world.
Your tweet doesn't make sense. If they have no Ins. how can they lose what they don't have. I guess Obamacare didn't help.
Obama care gave millions that did not have insurance insurance
By destroying health insurance for tens of millions of other Americans.
I think the insurance companies saw there chance to close out some less profitable policies and replace them with more profitable
ACA did the opposite. Insurance companies were mandated to take lopsided policies.
That's why the insurance companies and the medical profession should have been involved in the creation of ACA
Our healthcare system is run by the insurance cartels
Bank fraud!? You thief.
That would mean the democrats have failed.  Stop the hypocrisy. You want socialized medicine? Move to China
Excuse me but where were you then and now that's right ignoring them to promote hate
We want single payer healthcare...upend the insurance companies. Regulate cost of services. Natural medicine is cheaper and more effective.
Maybe they should get jobs?
Unbelievable: The United States of America, the wealthiest country in the world does not have a universal health car.
so tell us, what are you actually planning to actually do about it? Bitching about it doesn't do anything, actions speak louder than words
It's all he knows how to do.
He's that old curmudgeon that just kvetches constantly accomplishing absolutely NOTHING.
Right? WHAT is the blindness in his supporters? They are like the Trump supporters, they see only what they want to, they don't see reality
They only see the free college/mulling of student loans or their anarchists.
BTW....I did some math....
For 1year of tuition for U of MN...
It costs $76M. That's 1 year, 1 university.
How many billions per year for EVERY college in US. He's never explained how he'd pay for it...
Add to that free healthcare and...how much $$$??? Great ideas, but never any real plan. Just empty promises
It's why he lost me way early on
I lost mine under Obama Care what about me where was you at when my premiums went up to where I could not afford it where were at Sir
This is true. Why do we have  Dental in AZ through DES if it does not cover emergency extraction? You get absess. No help.
I'm pretty sure they're not insured and under-insured because of ACA.  Government isn't the answer.
Health insurance is not a right
At least you admit Obama care is a failure. Now get to work and help fix the mess you all are creating.
If millions are cut from health care they will go to emergency rooms and thus costs go up. What kind of logic is that?
I have excellent care but still wait to refill prescriptions or see specialists because of limited funds.
Whose fault is it Bernie? Your Party caused this. You have bankrupted this country instead of creating jobs so people to buy Insurance.
Boy that Obamacare is working out, eh?
My insurance went up 40% and I'm not on obama care.
How do we stop them? Serious question.
I have no Health insurance at 63 years old its 820 a month each plus a 6850 deductible each.  Lower medicare age to 62 would help save cost
I do not follow you, however, you are correct. People are not being helped
Many had none. We'll wait. Get it right POTUS Don Don @realDonaldTrump
Stop your hysteria
Really Bernie? Obamacare is why I'm losing my health insurance and can't afford it! That's on U, the Dems and Obama!
We don't NEED health insurance.  What we NEED is lower prices from hospitals, doctors, and pharma companies!
That's Obama fault for his lousy healthcare law
28 million is LESS then 1% of the U.S. population.  The rest of us should go broke to support them!
Too bad. So let the uninsured get jobs and pay for it themselves.
People was already losing insurance under Obamacare and you did nothing.
Why didn't you fight the election fraud in the Primary and stood up for US THEN??????
Get government out of it then!!! Oppressive government only wants more control over citizens lives! Get government out of my life comrade!
We cannot make insurance meaningless with lifetime caps and no essential benefits.
28 million people without insurance even with Obama care,  why did you vote for Obama care if nothing changed, Bernie the talker,  no action
What if they're women and choose not to have insurance? Are you saying women don't have the right to choose what happens to their bodies?
If they dont pay same amount as a working person we should absolutely take away their insurance
Well, if people die, that means more money for the rich (bad), a lot of real estate (thanks Trump), and more winning for Russia (f*ck)...
...so nice plan you got there Vlad.
AA AA 5@juffecch5+(+
Wish your were the #POTUS
Thats because Obumacare is a FAILURE.... JUST LIKE YOU
Obamacare is just obamacaid. Let's face it. Stop giving handouts.
Huh thought everyone had insurance under Obamacare?? Hell most people can't even afford the shitty coverage offered by Obamacare
So you are admitting that Obamacare DOESN'T work.... 

We need a complete REPEAL of Obamacare - Let the people make the market!
You had 8 years to fix.  You made it worse.  Please Ssshhhhh
There is no solution w/o a regulatory arm to control costs
There is no solution w/o a regulatory arm to control costs
I predict a rise in crime by the terminally ill. They can get treatment in jail
Then commit to a vote-o-rama. Or some other dilatory tactic.
Also, where's your bill for sing. payer? We're having a national debate about HC (your signature issue) yet you haven't given an alternative
You introduced a single payer bill in 2013. Why not now? You claim to be revolutionary, so revolt, dammit!
Maybe you should have worked on a plan that worked. O-care is a joke and is in a death spiral. Think, we are $20 T in debt already.
Why don't they let you help out? You could get those 23/28 millions fair medical coverage. feel the Bern!
What if they don't want it, like me?
Dear Senator, American should allow Generic medicine. Which leads to cheaper med prices n so cheaper insurance. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Bernie you don't care about American people you just want to force Government control over the American people by giving everything for free
Then latter when American people are completely dependent on the government you will control how much the government will allow
Then control every part of their life THE USA WILL NOT ALLOW YOU 2 TURN US INTO A DICTATORSHIP COUNTRY which is what you were trying 2 do
How 28 million not have it? I thought obama care fixed everything? 
I'm not from USA but you must be the president, not this toy. I have red some of your things and I don't now what happened with americans
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/06/continue-at-your-own-peril.html …
And 10's of millions are paying for lazy bums who suck of the system.
That's what Obamacare has done
28 million without? That makes ObamaCare an abysmal failure!!!
And 100 million Americans are going broke because they are forced to buy some garbage health insurance at a 10X premium. What about them?
sadly Britain will be going down the same route if our current government has its way.
Bernie is right!
They aren't losing it they never had it, didn't want it just walk into an emergency room when they want coverage. give them your moneyfirst.
Ask your liberal buddy George Clooney to donate his newly found $1B to help those without insurance.  You and the Left are lying frauds.
ok which is it Bernie, 23 mil, 24 mil or now 28 mil?? can you please get your lies straight?
By charging people who are lucky enough to have jobs in this economy more and more, amiright? Tax until all are poor but you. Three houses??
of course we can.. let everybody lose their health insurance.. and replace it with health care
You are part of the problem
Sounds cliche but it is true...when govt involves itself in ANYthing aside from defense (and sometimes there) cost explodes, quality dies. 
You left wing socialists DESTROYED Health Insurance for the other 300+Million Americans w/ OBAMACARE - Please stop "helping" us and go away!
They can't afford Ocare so what's the sense of having it? Government needs to stay out of our lives. Protect us from the enemies and shut up
@NoirPixxie more and more Americans are finally getting to hear him. Screw the #Clintons for stepping on him AND the world. Onwards.....
If anyone think s trump has a heart and cares about health care for 24 million he doesn't
Then take it away from govt and give it back to the people. They should decide on what their health insurance needs r, not u or the govt
Hey Bern, isn't Obamacare great?
Who in their right mind would trust a government run by career politicians like you to be in charge of everyone's health insurance?
But I thought Obamacare made people using the full force of the US Government with a gun to your head forced to buy insurance?
And if we do well-off Democrats can forget them just as easily as the ones left uninsured by fake liberal Obama. #SinglePayer now.
BTW, it preserves the Medicaid Expansion for 3 years, long enough time for people to get a job.
So you admit Obamacare is a failure with 28 millions uninsured probably because the penalty is cheaper?
Soooooo your all doing what about it? Telling us? Get on floor, get outside and talk, go on CNN, um, just do your six figure salary job.
send me some of your money so i can afford the insurance i got...ur a dip wad!
Paying unaffordable premiums for unusable insurance is no better. I would support higher taxes for single payer, but hate Obamacare
plan please
Why don't they have ACA ?  Liberals say  people are signing up in droves !
Obamacare ' s fault and lame Sanders and DNC.  Vote them out 2018, all Liberal DNC.
insurance is for the rich folks... Give the poor local clinics. Ask @POTUS the deal master
the get off your butts and work with the GOP and lets put the good things in both plans together and come up with a great plan for all
#Happening as now SECRET HEALTH Care out of dark cave.SEE why Mitch kept HIDDEN. Bye,Bye Health Care. Trumpets really going 2 hurt U BIG.
@SenSanders The people know this now. So what is the solution? What can the people do ? So much corruption in the government!
Before Ocare 30 mil was # uninsured so 2 million got insured ? Then how can we say w4 mil will lose ins under new plan. Math confusing
That's because of you & Dems failing healthcare system, so quit & let someone else have your job.
Then give them executive level insurance like you and your family have.
Bernie Sanders - You and the rest of the isolated Democrats have no solution!! All your isolated party does is violently attack others !!
Interesting @SenSanders , prior to ACA 30 mil were uninsured. So we spent 10's of billions to insure 2 mil people. Obama Care a clear fail.
Why can't they buy insurance? They can buy cars, iPhones, lotto tickets. How is it the government's job?
The UK gov are trying to get rid of our NHS so they have the piece of the pie your corporations do. We need to take our countries back.
4) I&my beauty @margbrennan discussed,how to Govt cover costs of billions spend behind subsidize healthcare,if not it will collapse it self
Republican health care bill will be the second biggest lie perpetrated on the American People since the Iraq war. Despicable!
3) I&my beauty @margbrennan discussed,health care bill could debt burden on US tax payers,increase long-term debt,mean collapses system..
2) I&my beauty @margbrennan discussed,Pres Trump lied or hide healthcare bill,which ignore millions Americans,specially lower-middle class..
What is wrong with the heartless responses? UH does work. Check out WHO rankings of best HC systems. Do your homework.
reason 1)I&my beauty @margbrennan discussed,Trump care could be scrap as Obama care due to higher costs premiums,& drug costs,cant afford...
No
Universal healthcare is the only solution.
#Insurance4All just rebooted.
Trump Care is a$1trillion tax break for the wealthy, taking it from programs that help middleclass,working poor,elderly,disabled. Bad bill
Im a cancer patient & have started cutting down on my meds & doc appts. Too scary for me.
Bernie Sanders you are Corrupt Politician
Bern, millions are losing health care because of Obumer care! That absolutely horrible health care YOU CREATED! HYPOCRITE!
We will never have universal healthcare anyway. Not sure what happened to you Bernie. I'm sad.
Single payer is nothing more than a government money funnel from your pocket to the government. All socialist programs do that
Your leader Sleezy Schumer stated on 2 occasions he would permit no demwit senator to vote for it.Need new leadership if U want 2 see bills!
I say we loose the Insurance Companies & just guarantee everyone has access to Health Care. Stop funding the Insurance Companies & fund Care
What are you going to do then? While we die slowly you are still insured while we have to deal with this.
Sanders that Is why Democrats need to listen to President and work with him   Are the Democrats that stupid or just crybabies
Then just let Obamacare play out and see how many people lose their insurance.  OBAMACARE WAS FORCED ON US BY FRAUD AND DECEPTION.
How do we pay for it?
Screw the insurance. Single payer. Universal healthcare.
Thanks Obamacare.
You suck
This world would be a bettet place had you been our leader bernie.
get rid of gov controlled healthcare and affordable insurance will be available to everyone.
You're right again Bernie. You have REAL HEART. Not the fake kind, @realDonaldTrump #LiarInChief #FeelTheBern #BERNIE2020
So Bernie have you ever had a positive thing to say ?
Bernie bro assassin 
James Thomas Hodgkinson 
Visited your office,  WHY ???
Bernie, why is it so hard for you to be honest. The truth is, 28 million illegals, welfare recipients. Drop these, no Gov. Ins. needed. 
Take away there meal ticket and watch them flee
