Trump isn't slashing the Meals on Wheels budget. That's been proven false already, @berniesanders
no it hasnt.
Yes, 1 program that 5000 Meals on Wheels groups rely on HAS been cut. USAToday.
The CNN article shows that Meals on Wheels gets only 3% of its funding from federal programs. Bernie is stretching the truth again.
So why cut it?
Because it's unnecessary for the government to be funding ANY private programs.
So its unnecessary to fund private US programs, but 50 billion to foreign private programs is less upsetting to you.
It's apples and oranges, but it sickens me that we fund a nation that has free education and health care while we don't.
Your intelligence is incomprehensible. Basic economic is not your strong suit though.
But it is yours?  Question then:  If the private sector has $20 T in net savings, what must the public "debt" be?
Compared to GDP? If so 105% compared to 62%? Or Govt debt internal or Govt Dent externally? We can get into some Milton Friedman type stuff
Milton supported a guaranteed basic income, BTW 
One his basic flaws. Income inequality leads to productive economy. He also said that as well.
Do you know why he supported a guaranteed basic income?
Efficiency of free markets without govt bureaucracy. To help prevent the trap called welfare.
... wage price inflation low, thus maintaining "a reserve army of the unemployed".  Since gov creates unemployment, he thought gov had ...
Why can't local governments fund the difference with whatever necessary taxes their legislatures can pass? Don't you believe in democracy?
You do know that the Constitution established a national currency issued by the fed gov?  What's undemocratic about funding broad ....
What does the power to coin money and regulate the value thereof have to do with Meals in Wheels?
Having state taxes pay for Meals on wheels is not more democratic than having the fed gov fund it
Yes it is. US house reps representation is 1 per 74K. Local elections are much more democratic. Why don't you trust them?
Has nothing to do w/trust or lack thereof.  Has to do with fact that fed gov creates $.  States don't.
No the Federal Reserve (which D.C. Insists is "independent") creates money. What does that possibly have to do with funding Meals on Wheels?
Fed reserve and treasury creates money.  Neither can do their job without the other:  http://www.3spoken.co.uk/2013/06/the-consolidated-government-sector.html?m=1 …
Bernie, stick your head back up your ass. You made more sense when it was there. It's incomprehensible that you sold out to Hillary for $$$$
Liar  old socialist fart
No doubt that 2% was pork being cyphened off by the D.C. Lobbyist.
$500.00 dollars for Saline Solution in the U.S. cost $7.00 in Europe, a greedy health care system is our economy's real problem.
can't help myself every time he opens his mouth !!!!
High time to change US electoral system! In a truly representative system there would have been no president trump.
GET RID OF SUPERDELEGATES!  We would have President Sanders! Well, and if the DNC wasn't so corrupt. End the corporatocracy. #stillSanders
Your message is so old
It's incomprehensible that a guy that ran for office because his unemployment benefits ran out has three houses.
After serving public for 40 yrs, why do you resent that? One is his mom's, one a vacation home gained with inheritance from M-I-L's death.
LIAR 
& idiots believe you?
Meals on Wheels is not a Federal program
They do receive a small fraction of their funding from HUD
More fake selective babbling old man.
HALF of your story is true there was no 353 billion tax break but yes MOW is getting adjusted as TRUMP sees fit BERNIE
Meals in wheels is a state funded program combined with volunteer workforce. The fed doesn't slash or increase it. It's state funded
US private sector is the most charitable in the world exponentially. It's incomprehensible that you instead want tax dollars to pay for this
Its The End Of The World As We Know It
How can we, the citizens, help programs that are being cut? I need ideas!
that is awful the elderly need Meals on Wheels
You can't even count that high how would you explain the math @SenSanders how's pussing out on the election taste right about now dum
Im sure Bernie wpuld be an asset to a Trump committee
 Lets brainstorm pull for Americans America!! First
Reach out to him.
Sanders ideas will be listened to by our President Tax Reform Up Minimum Wage . Rents up.Cut new Church grants, Social S.$220 immigrants apt
Sounds about just like something he would do..nothing he does surprises me anymore
Haven't  we had enough yet? (UNFIT TO HOLD ANY OFFICE!)
It's incomprehensible to me that you let the DNC and Hillary steal the nomination from you.
and the $191 Billion food stamps cut
Sadly so, Andrew; God bless. Andy
When will the most affected stop supporting him ?
Not incomprehensible.  Trump belongs to the top 2%.
AND IT'S IMMORAL
Bernie please help how can we get rid of this liar president.that no matter what he does it is always excusable. Why??
TERM LIMTS FLAT TAXES 1 ASSISTANT TO A SENATOR
Budgets that reflect the most basic care will stop homegrown terrorism than any wall or fighter jet!
Keep in mind Trump thinks Meals on Wheels is the same thing as eating KFC with a knife & fork on the taxpayer subsidized #Trump Jet
Trump is still working for Trump Inc not the American people. Can we push him and his lemmings off the cliff already?
Not really. At this point nothing surprises me.
We need to find a way for Pres Trump to resign in some sort of dignified manner #honorableresignation before irreparable damage occurs
Says the man with three houses.
Are you really surprised? Come on.
Blind people saw this coming.
it's incomprehensible that people still support socialism knowing the damage it did in Venezuela
Nothing is incomprehensible as far as DT goes. Why Americans voted for him, I'll never understand. He's an embarrassment through & through.
not incomprehensible, i find it easy to believe. what it is is blatantly cruel and unconscionable 
I don't think you understand the meaning of the word incomprehensible.
And snap! Gotta starve the kids too.
Truly incomprehensible! Not surprised.
yUP. He's president. You are not. :p
It makes more sense when you realize he is an idiot
Would you please stop being shocked and just get his tax returns.  Frankly the Dems whining is getting old.  Fight!
Once again liar, that is false, how's that that tax payer funded lifestyle doing, how many jobs you created! Today's tally? Fuckin Zero!
we need to stop him!
No wonder why the asshole fled the country!!!
Bernie sanders sucks
Man, Bernie Sanders is a moron, makes me sick to my stomach.
You have a condo
Bernie, you are so right!! Trump is absolutely crazy and so are most of the Republicans!!
@realDonaldTrump  your not looking too good
That's Trump! No conscience!
but I thought that the Billionaires and their children would bridge the gap and help feed the working poor and pay for them to see a doctor?
How is Trump not slashing it?

I'll predict that this current budget will not pass. 

Another fail.
Relax -B
We are setting up a grill in front of all of your houses
Bunch of sick puppies

Not incomprehensible - it's in keeping with who he has shown us he is: corrupt, lacking in empathy, not interested in our well-being
You're still talking?
I actually comprehend this. We have given the country to craven jerks looking out for their BFF's when they should be looking out for all.
But is it?Who's surprised?Not me.
It's incomprehensible that anyone listens to you
only to you.
Boo fucking hoo
What this mofo i doing is just trying to secure his reelection
And gutting medicaid
Cause his belly has never been hungry for lack of food.
AGREED! #feelthebern
Bernie. Tired old lines. Already disproven.  Fight a good fight. Start by using real facts and do your research yourself.
@ciarakellydoc He is deranged, unsuitable, out of his depth and damaging to USA and world. #Impeachment grounds seem to exist
Trump Slashing Medicaid but wants billions put in budget 2 build a wall.If Trump wants a wall let him pay 4 it out of his ppcket
it's incomprehensible that people still support socialism knowing the damage it did in Venezuela
It's not incomprehensible if you know who we're dealing with.
Only an idiot believes the meals on wheels program can not survive on a increase over last year's budget that just isn't as much as they wnt
The operative word here is propose.  You will have a chance to edit now that the bill is in the Senate.
Its incomprehensible that a guy who owns 3 houses gives a damn about meals on wheels, even if that statement was true
When you stop caring for the people that built this country our seniors , our country is in serious trouble.
Fight on Bernie!
Twimp is so brave like FL gov. Rick Scott - whose Columbia HCA robbed over $3,000,000,000 from US Treasury by stealing from old & disabled.
Go get em Bernie!!!!!
Meals on wheels for our veterans!
Right. Thanks.
And to think of all those middle class trumpeters that voted for this...
C'mon Bernie !! Meals on wheels? Mostly state and local funding- be real, and use real stats.  Are you afraid of starving?
Actually, it's real Trump doing what he does best - shafting the little people, i.e. those not Trump.
Why would Trump cut welfare it's like Australia they cut every thing in the budget that's to save there bums
More #fakenews from low info Bernie.
All nonpartisan agencies agree with these figures. When someone says they will never cut a program, then do, can't simply defend w/ fakenews
Meals on wheels isn't gov funded.
And while taking lavish vacations every weekend
Thank you, Senator. Trump will literally take food from poor children to save money for The Wall. How can this possibly be? #takemealsfromDT
Good grief.  There are CHILDREN dead in England and you're stuck on folks that just happened to do better than you in business.
Bernie Sanders only complains, he never has any better ideas.  If you are lazy & want more free govt handouts, Bernie is your man.
Trump's a very incomprehensible person - and I use the term person loosely - generally a person has moral limits.
@AngryJoeShow 4 years Bernie, 4 years...
Proverbs 14:31 
Whoever oppresses a poor man insults his Maker, but he who is generous to the needy honors him.
@Dallas4Bernie as an aside: strictly comprehensible. Stop pretending otherwise.
Disgusting. And how r trump voters feeling now.
where does the constitution say that the fed gov't role is to feed the citizens?
Be they don't care about anyone else!
#SethRich, is that why Bernie? He was a devote Berner, why no contribution to the reward?
No it's not. Very comprehensible. Trump is a monster installed by Putin. (And helped by Bernie Bros).
3% of meals on wheels funding is from the government. Pretty sure they'll be fine, Bernie.
This really need to come to an end, and get this country back on track.
All politicians are psychopaths from the same degenerate bloodline
No. It is fully comprehensible. It is exactly what a guy like Trump does. Unconscionable, but fully comprehensible.
I think he means well, though!
#berniefornursinghome
Bernie is getting too dumb to even take seriously.
Poor Bernie...he knows not what he says or means. Now, about those emails Bern....
If you think that's incomprehensible, then you are highly underestimating the Republican party and their greed.
Meals on wheels saved my great-grandma's life. They called my grandpa when she didnt answer the door. She had fallen and nobody knew.
Thank you for sharing your story and voicing your support, Amber. #SupportMealsOnWheels
I hope @_MealsOnWheels

DID NOT endorse/support Hillary.

If they DID,  well, they didn't THINK THEIR ACTIONS THROUGH... 

HRC Is + Hated 
Yes Sir it is. He & his Republican cronies care nothing for the poor, needy, veterans, or ill. It is disgusting. Vote supporters out!!
The rich pay our paychecks. If the rich does bad then the poor does worse. Stop acting like the rich is our enemy.
If you think that's incomprehensible, you haven't been paying attention to Trump and the Republicans.
Greedy, selfish rich people! They DON'T give a damn about babies or our elders! Don't approve this budget! STOP demonizing poor people!
Things should be received according to where they come from. Coming from him this is not surprising or incomprehensible.
The poor should sacrifice themselves so the rest of us can stand a chance. No free lunches! Death to the poor!
Greed&corruption knows no bounds!
It's incomprehensible that the representative WE elect, and who supposedly work for US, don't, and then bitch at us like WE'RE the problem.
It's incomprehensible that the DNC would conspire to keep the status quo going while claiming to be democratic.
It's INSANE!
C'mon Bernie! Stop letting CNN buy your meals
trump is incomprehensible, and IMO, a traitor.
Have U actually seen or tasted meals on wheels? I remember an elderly neighbor in FL who came over to our house to offer his MOW to our dog.
@POTUS Tax cuts for top 2% is betrayal to your voters. Selling public land to highest price is a betrayal. Cutting Medicaid increases death
Top 2% is you! Why don't you give some of your hush money to Meals on Wheels???
We need to live within our means! You Dems love to waste taxpayer money! Quit trying to scare the American people!
heartless
WRONG,
What's incomprehensible is that you believe that money belongs to you and not to the people that earned it
We've been thru this, Grandpa. Neither "Trump" nor the Federal Gummint are responsible for their funding.
How is that incomprehensible Bernie, y'all knew what he was proposing and knew Republicans would gut everything to do with poor folks.
I mean... It's really not. I fully expected a rich ahole to help out his rich ahole friends by walking over the less fortunate.
No, it's very comprehensible. He's asking for a political punch in the face. Can we deliver it?
Stre-e-e-e-e-e-etch
Good. Our tax system sucks.
@KenDiesel Afraid nobody will bring you your ravioli and apple sauce, Bern...?
These policies are affecting our most vulnerable.
@Tajalithaca Give us America back again.  Can you please? #America #progress
It's incomprehensible you sleep at night calling yourself an independent after you killed the revolution on our behalf to help the DNC/HRC
It's incomprehensible you quit on top, lied Hillary had become 80% you, gutted Our Revolution and pretended your staff didn't quit in tears
It's incomprehensible you had Levi delete his post on Facebook in support of the #DNClawsuit, who else told him to?
It's is BUT racist and standby complicit Americans allowed him to get into office. The "we don't see color" and/or "but her emails" ppl...
Bern, LYAR, again! Meals on wheels Is a locally funded program and not even a line item in this budget! Quit your political grandstanding
Yes. This is sad.
You keep poking at the obvious. The 1 thing you could do is start a Labor Party. We will join. We know the Dems can't be changed from within
it's unconscionable, but it's comprehensible, it's exactly what you'd expect a man who lives in a golden penthouse to do.
Meals on wheels is a waste of ruling class resource..AYN RAND would be proud..lol..just ask PAUL RYAN..lol her biggest fan..
How about you pay hour condolences on this attack yesterday in the UK instead of always being negative
It's only incomprehensible if you haven't been paying attention to who these people are.
Lies and more lies
Believe it.
Same here in UK. We can't feed WORKING families even. Trump and May very cosy ... @Conservatives
no it's not Bernie it's classic greed,tax cuts for the wealthy.Trump tax policy is all about trump getting richer PERIOD.Its a scam
That's a Lie,Bernetta!
A mortal sin to ignore elderly 
The swamp has been replenished & top 2% have a firm seal on teat of US purse. No surprise given the ruling billionaire class. #goppriorities
Hey loser, take your repetitive bashing back to loserville with your sorry ass! Tired of your constant negativity, try working not bitching!
You mean unacceptable, I find it perfectly comprehensible.
Tell it Bernie
Incomprehensible you still think gov cares for all & spending ours into the dirt is good for anybody.
