Dems need to frame this the way the GOP would. Eliminating net neutrality will lead to expensive regulations that will hurt small business.
How is forbidding telecoms from reducing traffic speeds, demanding payment for faster speeds, or blocking/redirecting websites not neutral?
If your ISP doesn't like netflix they'll slow them down (which they tried) and charge them more which WILL cost you more
#Happy dancing @keithellison @SenSanders That's it #USA
#positivity wins comes out #haters #bully traitors, liars lied 
Yes! #Truth prevail.

I like your dancing sir,
Nothing tells me more than a radical socialist like you who supports net neutrality, that we should get rid of it.
I can't tell whether or not you actually believe getting rid of it is good. If so, how?
In trying to find an unbiased source on this, how about this link for starters. From outside the U.S.
Boils down to government control. I am sick and tired of big gov trying to control every aspect (cont) http://tl.gd/n_1sq1cem 
You could use This and Your Lyrics to get Donations for our Democratic Party!  smile ~
you are all lying, Trump has done nothing to destroy "net neutrality"  Shut Up & Retire #SellOutSanders
America,is purposely mistreating our sick!  SSD, makes them wait years for payment, lose paperwork, etc  Disgusting!  #Consumerreports
Too bad. Trump is your President and you are his enemy. Nope! Bye Bye Net Neutrality! Your President will get rid of it. Time 2 stop dancing
Net neutrality should not be a left or right issue, we can't let corporations dictate our internet content
or anything else.
Net neutrality has been a myth since 1996
 #NetNeutrality #NetNeutrality 
Way to move.
We got along just fine for four decades without government sticking it's nose in...
Soeaking of Net Neutrality were you ok with CNN hunting Down the pereson who made that CNN wrestling video and threatening him?
You are awesome!!!

Stay icy, Keith!
Ha ha #Happy evening @keithellison #KeepKeithDancing #kitty dancing as I dance Zumba cha-cha, salsa lifting our #positivity 
STOP #Trumpcare
If he saved it why is it an issue  now?
Betcha he won't dance the hora!
You could take that enthusiasm and put it towards giving the people single payer health care, money out of politics. #CorpDemKeith
Anytime you tweet a hashtag with your own name in it you're going to induce some head shaking.
You'll be chairman yet... we all need a happy, enthusiastic fighter!
Democrats: For The America You Remember...again
Nice. That's my Ex-Principal.... I know him lol.
Love the dance moves.  Thanks for including a small bit of sunshine during these raging storms.
Refreshing
You dance like a white guy.
Hamas says what?.@keithellison
Rs claim they want choice & freedom but not apparently with the net. (Guess they have too many donors that don't like it.)
Corny
Way.
"Can you show me an example" Keith 
you dance like Carlton
I want to #KeepKeithDancing lol
You want people to pretend they don't know what "net neutrality" REALLY is & does? GET RID OF IT NOW!
Well there's our answer folks - Obama saved it so trump will most definitely destroy it.
Whatever Keith Ellison wants is bad for the country. #stopthedance
NetNeutrality law takes away our rights. It was a complete overreach of gov power and against the law.
We are not paying you to dance, Terrorist Beyonce
But @ChelseaClinton dance better !  hillary &all Dems going support her to run 2020 ?so You both can't bet hillary, I vote for him 2020 lol
Calling a pig a sheep won't make it grow wool.
With @ARedCircleNP will you donate to buy a book for a child?
Keith, you made my day.
Give the guy dance lessons paid for by the DNC.
Dance on this: You are an anti-Semitic P.O.S. Anti- Israel = Anti-Semitic. Period. The two are inseparable.
Arabs are also Semitic. By your reasoning, being anti-Palestine is also anti-Semitic.
To change Net Neutrality means Donald has no clue as usual about how the US On Line Economy works. There will be loses and unemployment.
You seem to be under the false impression Trump actually cares about loses or unemployment. His products are made in China.
#awkward
NO OPPOSITION ON THE NET TO THE POLITICAL VIEWS OF THE LEFT...THATS NOT FREEDOM OF THE PRESS....
NET  NEUTRALITY MEANS  ...ONE SIDE OF THE POLITICAL SPECTRUM...THE GOOGLE  LEFT ...WILL CONTROL  THE NET...WITH NO OPPOSITION FROM THE RIGHT
You are the coolest! Keep on fighting, keep on dancing.
Re-Tweeting anti-semites dancing is a favorite activity of independent voters apparently.
Stop dancin & do something bout BOTS having more say than human opinion! THIS SHOULD BE INVESTIGATED & UNLAWFUL
Obama didn't save it. He merely gave supportive comentary a couple times. A ex industry lobbyist @TomWheelerFCC saw the danger. He tried....
Go Keith, go!!
Once a fool always a fool Keith. Bernie is right there with you.
As long as Keith is dancing I'm happy
Next time you come to Maine I hope we have something to dance anout
This stupidity reminds of why i have to turn off RT from @SenSanders @BernieSanders  screw keith
LMFAO

#keepkeithdancing
Pass a damn law next time so it won't be so easily undone!
Love you, Rep. Ellison!
Yep, it works into his RU project.
Typical left. Keep dancing and giving speeches filled with hate and racism. He helps those of us who  love this country.
If you love this country so much, why do you vote for politicians who so obviously care more about enriching corporations than the country??
Also, I don't think too many white supremacists are on the left.  No, most of the hateful racists voted Trump.
Want you to dance ALSO for public campaign financing, single-payer health, fair taxation of corps/wealthy, higher ed for all, social justice
Ha!  #KeepKeithDancing
WHY does @GOP hate the poor!
Nice moves Keith!
We wanna see Bernie do the #NetNeutralityDance LOL
Hello from North Minneapolis. Proud to call you my rep!
@SenSanders Anything with Obama's name on it, Trump is petty enough to repeal.
Put forth a marketable product and advertisers will pay to promote their products.  Put forth junk and you meet net neutrality.
Need
Were you dancing when #Obama wiped out whole Muslim families with #dronestrikes. Re your dancing mate...don't give up the day job
Made my calls today to both senators and my rep. Did you make your calls? #KeepKeithDancing #NetNeutralityDay

Step 2 in GOP plan to eliminate sources of information  relies on.  Soon it will be Fox & GOP tweets 24/7/365
No dance...no music...no internet.  Help!
Give us hope, give us hope, pls save us.
Eye on the prize: ALL Americans need healthcare. Not just those that the ACA helped. #singlepayer #healthcareisahumanright
How do you feel about the system giving a death sentence to that little boy? Single payer brings rationing & death panels!
Um....  That's a BS partisan talking point.
Wish it was not true. Lived in 2 countries with NHS. Delayed treatment & rationedof care is true. Canada 9.8 weeks avg for "necessary care"
I will be singing this all day, in between calling my reps.

#Resist
#NetNeutrality
Please someone decent run against this guy im so fuggin ashamed he represents minnesota
Don't you have a comedian too?
Great moves!
Dance like no one is watching!
That, certainly will not makes America Great Again! Oh lord, I miss Obama!
Like a heart attack! Our entry into the EU is over! Be happy!
The camera person's laugh is great! heeheehee!!
If you want it, Americans know it is bad!
DO YOU DANCE WHEN THE IMANS CUT THE CLITS! Virginia imam promotes female genital multiliation
Goof ball. Never change. 
He has to be single!  I thought black guys knew how to move.....oops! Not he dances like a drunken white senior citizen...
@keithellison You don't look like a fun guy to hangout with. Sorry.
Hot take
You shouldn't have backed grifter Sanders, or you'd still be dancing. smfh
bernie would have 1 super cool hillbros
Vote for impeachment and dance to that.
Based on what evidence?
This is great!
WTF happened to this guy?
Nothing.  He's the same guy who appointed a telecom lobbyist to head the FCC, who opposed Net Neutrality.
Sigh....

You're cute. Wish you had something to dance about now.
Really effective optics.
I have no hope for the success of my party in 2018.
So unprofessional
Where are you? I thought they gave you a real job? Are you in a smoke filled dnc decision room?  Do you need help?

How the hell is he a still out. Hey not all black ppl look the same. You got Ben Carson and Keith confused.
Hmmm says a lot about you
If we can only have the govt control food and transportation too. It would be so fair. It's not about opportunity it's about outcome
And you can get down ! 
Glad you are on the case!
@keithellison if you have time today please record a video comment to the FCC with our widget!  http://video.battleforthenet.com   we can feature it
Go build your own internet and share as you see fit.
Go, man!
BRUUUUUUH 
Have you ever considered lessons?
Go to http://dearfcc.org  or http://battleforthenet.com  to take action for #NetNeutrality
Please don’t let them do it!
It let's them search your emails without cause and without you being notified. That is against your rights and against the law.
my name is also Keith and I also want to keep dancing
