There are 2 kinds of diabetes. Type 1 often strikes very young kids. Autoimmune disorder. Not caused by diet, inactivity. Did nothing wrong.
The insulin is for type 1
As a type 1 diabetic I dont get how someone can talk so confidently and in absolutes about things they are obviously ignorant on.
No but he knows what he's talking about. Unlike you
He has what he has cuz he's earned it AND yet he STILL continues to fight the good fight for ALL of us, not just a few
I'm not going to bicker with you, instead I'll give you props for being blocked by trump lol  @untwin34 @SenSanders
Problem is the Burner wants everyone to have everything they "NEED" regardless of working for it.
Because housing, life, and food aren't needs are they?
Well, it can be funded via: cutting back on useless spending, speciffically the excessive millitary spending and taxes.
You also shouldnt be forced to pay for other peoples things, that's called thievery.
Thievery, collectivism, socialism, communism… same thing is no?
You also forgot capitalism in your broad definition of thievery. I mean we could all be anarchists and do survival of the fittest.
In Capitalism, you only work if you want to and the customer only has to pay if they want said service. If the service is bad, the...
And in capitalism a company can own something necessary to live like water and force you to give your arm and leg to pay for it
Wrong, if a company did that you would simply not pay them and they would go out of business.
If the company had that big of a monopoly the government would dismantle it, like it already does
For years that is what many elderly have had to do. Past administrations are to blame for that! You included! Numerous time I had seen an
elderly person having to decide if they could afford all their medications, usually it was only 1!They could not pay for food or rent o/wise
So sell a couple of your houses & spread the wealth Mr Hypocrite!! Git Ur checkbook out & start writing!! Go ahead lead the way!!
And that's exactly why we need you talking about unconditional basic income in addition to healthcare. UHC + UBI can provide all three.
You want income, get off your ass and earn it. If not, starve to death. I'm not feeding you
MOST SANE THING I'VE HEARD TODAY!
So well spoken from the man of three homes. Possibly if people made better choices in life, they wouldn't have to decide
You talk a good game Bernie but why haven't you ever introduced legislation and submitted it to the CBO?  free shit in nice but who pays?
I should not have to pay for YOUR insulin, YOUR food and YOUR rent. Not in America. Go get a job and earn it yourself. Or use Bernie's money
I've been down on hard times. Know what I did?  Not welfare.  Not someone's basement.  I worked my ass off to get out of it. WHAT A CONCEPT!
We have to because of crappy Ocare that forces giant deductibles against us. You are such a sellout Bernie you are full of 
Very good answer to a very stupid
Communist!!!  We just saw Charlie
die....the product of BERNIES 
SOCIALIZED medicine!!!!
VE
Nowhere!
Now ask him exactly how he's going to accomplish this...you won't get an answer other than take money from people who work for it...
You think to give a fair share means to steal money from you?We all are human beings!
I don't like to've to much when others've to little.
Then get a job and support yourself, don't have babies if you can't afford to feed them, the gov't is not you adult life parents, grow up!
Then why don't you sign up for it Bernie?
This IS America birdbrain.  Self responsibility is key.  I don't want to pay for anyone else's poor choices.
If I choose to be addicted to meth, you would be paying for my many rehabs.
Where does bank loan fraud fit in your list of priorities? I should ask Jane ....
Yes, or in your case Viagra or food.
PS: the insulin is made in Mexico
Says the man who must choose between 3 houses to stay in.
True Senator Bernie Sanders @ACLU Lawfirm
Oh, sorry to think that America should be humane towards its citizens. Most of Europe is.
You want humane?  Stop taking MY money that I bust my ass daily to EARN and then you want to give it to someone else!
Seeing too many seniors struggling with medicine they need to buy, food and electricity/heat. Amazed at the number on food stamps.
Seeing too many seniors ignored by their families..time to garnish wages of the kids to support their damn parents
Interested in your thoughts on making pharmaceuticals affordable , bringing the actual costs down.
He's written a lot about that. Google it and you will find lots of good thoughts and ideas.
Imma need for you to start reminding ppl you are not a democrat
You shouldn't have to work your ass off to pay for another person to lay around on their ass collecting welfare while refusing to work..
Agreed, but you also shouldn't need 2 jobs to buy your kid's insulin while drug companies make obscene profits on a 100 year old drug.
Than regulate health care cost. Health care should never be a right. If it's socialized the working class is still paying for lazy people
When we pay $500 for a med and another country pays $5 and it costs .25 to make, politicians are the problem!
What the hell do you think people are doing with gov run Health care? It's a joke. It gets worse and worse.happy with my 1800mo premium
How's that criminal investigation on your wife going you thief?
I shouldn't have to pay for your life issues either via my tax $ Bernie. Sell your new 600k home and give 6 poor families 100k...man up.
Sweet words your reality :1-bank fraud case and 2-you make your wife work as barmaid so What will you give to US ? Insulin ?
Well stated.
I don't want to hear anything from a communist inspired socialist that does not love this country a parasite
All politicians and their spouses are guilty of being the cause of this. All@lining your own pockets
The only job you have ever had is passing the joint!
Free loader!
Millions middle class Americans make that choice today ! What about middle America Bernie? Why did ACA take from poor to gave to ins co's?
People make decisions every day Andrew whether to work hard to have a good life or not is basic America 101
Type 2 diabetes can be genetic although diet & obesity can be a factor however it's wrong to deny people Medical Care.
No one is denied medical care. They need denied access to my wallet to get it
Diabetes is inherited my husbands family it is predominant  not all of the folks that have this are over weight
You could chose to work for those things
But we do, Bernie. We do have to choose.
Maybe make better choices in life. Your financial issues are not my concern to pay for
Not anywhere
Senator Sanders, Thank you for standing up for people with diabetes!
You shouldn't  have to choose between life and death  - #ban #essure @Bayer  because that's what #Essure does to women - silence killer!
I have had to make that decision
It's time the collusion of the Big 3 insulin manufacturers put people above the profits of their shareholders #access2insulin #HumanRights
Go pay for someone's meds then out of your pocket. Stay out of my pocket, danger lurks there if you do.
Bernice chooses between mansion 1 2 or 3. Pathetic Worm. Do your research people!
Yeah - it's annoying enough to have to choose between reading Twitter and avoiding Bernie Sanders's bullshit.
not ANYWHERE
You gonna pay for it Bernie?
No one should be forced buy or give away a product In America.
Will govt pay for everything I need?  I hate working for a living and paying my way.
That's thanks to Obama
I have type 1 and under the last dem in office and healthcare for all insulin went up exponentially
really , I should not have 2 choose b/w you and Hillary 4 POTUS candidate wth is wrong with the democrat party - u all suck
You got kicked out of a hippie commune.
Just don't eat.  No need for insulin... Have to work on the shelter part.
If you're Type 1 you still need insulin even if you don't eat 
(I was being facetious.)
Um, earth to Bernie.... that is what is happening with OBAMACARE...
Add student loans to the list.
DONT TRY TO SCARE US BECAUSE WE ARE SMARTER THAN YOU THINK.
That's exactly why we are tired of paying for illegal aliens and refugees
I agree Comrade @SenSanders, we need to nationalize all of these things to make sure everyone gets the things they need.
If only the ingenious Democrats and Obama has done the plan right gross incompetency and a total lack of adult leadership
Ok
You're a dirty politician that can't be trusted.
USA will not be great again! #Trump #support fir all diabetics #Insulin4all #diabetes #T1D  doesn't wait.
Not in America TODAY, but we know you're working hard on it.
Which house did you #Tweet this #One from?

"Billionaires can't buy Bernie"
That's why the Republicans are trying to fix the mess you  Democrats put this Country in. Why don't you shut up and get to work.
Failed economic policies put forth by people like you have made this economic climate that people would have to make this choice. YOU FAILED
Bingo! The travesty that is Obamacare! Thanks Bernie#noninsurance
Is this like choosing college oh can't your wife got it shut down
What do you think we were doing under obamacare.
We are under Obamacare. Please explain to me how people are having to do it now.
what country would those choices be acceptable?  some are proud to have the right to choose.
I've been in a state of terror,affecting my fragile health over this.We don't even know what they're up to!Why are they not talking to us?
U do realize Big Pharma donated thousands to Hillary campaign, now Big Pharma is a hungry bear.  It's the Dems fault.
Actually if you would take care in choosing food you wouldn't need insulin(in the great majority of cases)so get personal responsibility
Get an education and a job that has benefits McDonalds isn't a career choice I don't support your ideas and don't try to speak for me
You should also have the choice of a Midwife vs hospital birth
Another example of American exceptionalism.
Do you have any idea how many families have had to decide what medicines they need the most because of the doubled, tripled and more ACA?
You shouldn't have to choose between your Christian faith and public service. Not in America.
Hey Bern, if you are talking about your supporters, you left out choosing between their Cigarettes, their Alcohol and their insulin or rent!
We wouldn't have to if you had conceded defeat and not divided our party and poisoned your supporters
Crooks and liars have no problem damaging lives to pad the pokers of themselves and their Cohorts.  No patriotism. #HoldTheFloor #resist
Maybe you should choose better food if you need insulin if you're DM2
@SenSanders, with all your time in D.C. why haven't you went after big pharma the way you go after Trump? Trump doesn't make insulin.
Senators should have to have Obamacare. See how fast they would change their minds.
Respectfully, Obamacare is what allows me to afford insurance so I can get insulin without becoming homeless.
If your premium is $18k per yr U shouldn't have to go 3 yrs without seeing a Dr. because you can't afford ur $25k #Obamacare deductible.
In most cases people chose to abuse their bodies by bad eating habits causing diabetes and most other sicknesses. Educate for change.
5) America is sick of politicians getting rich of your back! 179k is average pay for senator yet come out millionaire?! Pleaseeeee!
4) stop with all nonsense & be proactive, look @ candidate actions over time not lip service that's why Trump won! He's a man of action!
3) he sold out to Hillary! He has no message other than his wore out " live off  others taxes! He's old news! America needs smart leaders!
2) he's had 1 Bill pass the Senate in 25 yrs! He inherited from his parents, wife now up on bank fraud investigation! He's a socialist liar!
No,which is the reason for a new plan. A $10,000 deductible gives you no coverage.
1) Bernie never held a job til age 40 writing 4 a rag sex column, then sign people up 4 food stamps, living off his parents! Fell in 2Senate
Correct! Get big pharma to choose people over profits! Healthcare + politics = patients suffer
You people are such losers. Always using scare tactics.
that's what we got with obamacare
Fear Mongering and Preying on the ill. Bernie? Did #Alexandria not teach you anything? 5 ppl were shot because some loon believed your BS.
You do under Obamacare because the premiums and deductibles are so high. Not health care, catastrophic care. Wake up!
So you're saying Obamacare is a failure then, right?
You should be able to choose your doctor. Marxism doesn't work you hypocrite
But hey! We get the F-35! It doesn't fly, but my, it looks nice.
Inflammatory and reckless rhetoric from an angry old man
Get government out of the healthcare industry then, allow the free market to work, and we won't have to choose between those things
Why not debate these various issues publicly on television once or twice a month? We need politicians on both sides to own their positions.
You shouldn't have to choose between taking care of your family and feeding the bloated govt machine. 

Shrink govt today.
You can get insulin for free ! Lots of programs out there for that , if u are uninsured, but u know about these programs ,  Bernie!
If had your money, I wouldn't have to.
We already have to choose between these with the failing Obamacare.
& you aren't the King of Dubai! If you were you could pay for all this healthcare. I  work for my benefits. Earn our keep. Nothing is free!
And you don't, you liar.
Universal healthcare there shouldn't be another option!
Why just in America? Why can't we do this for the world?
No just get your own health care. Do you use obama care?
Then why'd you sell-out to Hillary? Maybe you could've defeated Trump and made a difference...but you didn't. Stop.
People DONT choose between insulin, food & rent.  It is COMMON for prescription copays to be $1.00, 50 cents 20 cents !! DO YOUR HOMEWORK!

The saddest is we didn't and because of a few the majority will suffer
NOT anywhere on this planet  however that's NOT the reality is it
Or your cable tv or your cell phone or...
Vote for Bernie Sanders
Why hasn't Bernie sold his extra houses and bought you meds? How much insulin did he buy with his  $1m book royalties?
Which one of your three houses are you struggling to pay despite your 13% tax rate? 800k only goes so far...
The only way liberals can get elected is to offer to pay your rent and buy you lunch. Like the girl buying cokes for votes on nap. Dynomite
I'm all for paying for someone's health, Because they might be there when I need them too.  Single payer! I pay medicare tax already.
I have had to. Plenty of times. I got an insulin pump and it caused me to have to file bankruptcy along with other medical debt.
But if not in America, then where?
SAYS THE MAN WHO OWNS 3 HOMES.
#BernieIsSenile #BernieBlackOut #BernieSanders
Tell it to the Venezuelans, commie grifter.

Why kind of rent? Shared apartments or beach front villas? What kind of food? Fast food or sea food and caviar? Your ideology is sinister.
Awesome...ahhhhh can you get out of my bosses pocket please?  Can't get a raise cause your handing out more of his money than he is! Thanks
Dear Bernie I have had to choose between those things over the last 8 yrs. Why didn't it get fixed then?
Shame on you Democrats for destroying America how could you be so selfish and cruel
You shouldn't have to choose between a Clinton and a Trump for President.  Not in America.
How do you choose between your three houses, Mr. One-Percenter?
Nor anywhere else in the world...
THAT'S RIGHT AMERICANS SHOULD NOT HAVE TO CHOOSE....
Maybe the rich will spend this tax credit
And yet that's exactly what Obamacare did.  Thanks for pointing that out Bern
And youre part of the reason people have to.
Nor in Canada! It happens here too. Although our health care system is more cost efficient than the US's, it's not without its problems.
The profit motive has no place in corrections, education or the healthcare industry.
Go away
Congress will screw all the poor and lower middle class. No one is going to stop it from happening. Wish it weren't true. #realitybites
Thats right but thanks to you demsvwe do!
Thank you!
Your supporters shouldn't have to choose between you, their assault rifle and  Republican Congressman. not in Amerika
Sorta like not chose g between your 3 houses; just keep them all, eh Mr. Socialist?
Now let me get in my $100k car and drive to one of my 3 houses. Dems are stupid.
EVERY civilized country but the US has national health care. Republicans are killing Americans, simply for being born w/ medical conditions.
The clause that allows insurance companies to discriminate against people with preexisting conditions means people like me get no healthcare
Not to mention, telling millions of Americans they no longer have access to any health care. Taking away OUR insurance means no future care.
Isn't that what some are faced with under ACA?
Why you are not out president is beyond me
Says the corporate sellout.
But Bernie. Hillary told her followers change is too hard and its a pipe dream you have. Remember?????
That's exactly what the #AHCA tax cut will mean for my family. My husband's insulin or food and electricity.
Sure, your government should pay it all for you. Here in Brasil it works just fine...
Do you've know what the most expensive thing we are forced purchase:  Government.
Not anywhere.
Especially in the USA we will get to do that thanks to evil Batman & Robin: McConnell & Ryan.  I think they're psychopaths
yes, rich guys like Bernie don't have to make that choice.  Hey, Congress..just give us the same health coverage you have..no problem.
You are exactly right sir!!! So what do you plan to do about it?? My son is a type 1 insulin dependent diabetic, tell me the plan.
U shouldn't be locked up, beaten and left 2 die by your government. Not when America's the 911 for the world!
#RIPOttoWarmbier #RIPOtto
USA , biggest crab bucket on earth
We shouldn't have to choose between corrupt Democrats and corrupt Republicans.  Please run third party or at least launch a third party.
Without facist corporatocracy, Americans wouldn't need insulin, they'd own their houses, and Monsanto wouldn't own their food and health...
After nuclear war w Russia, which you don't seem to want to oppose, we won't be worrying about that or anything else FFS #SelloutWarMonger
Bernie. You do not represent . You praise communism and socialism. Figure out how to get med cost down if you want to help.
Need isn't an excuse to initiate force against others. Not in ! https://drhurd.com/2017/05/15/is-health-care-a-right/ … #insulin4all via @michaeljhurd1
so you want to live a world where police officers and firefighters only have to help you if you write them a check first?
Last time I checked my really OLD copy of the Constitution it didn't say ANYWHERE in there that the government provides ANY of that...
AND YOU SHOULD PAY MORE THAN 13% IN TAXES NOW THAT YOU ARE PART OF THE 1% NICE GOING bERNIE
This is so real
What there shouldn't be is socialist politicians who own 3  while hard working Americans have to choose between rent or insulin. Not in !
And those of us who work hard for a living shouldn't have to support lazy peeps who won't get off their asshats and go to work. Sick of it.
Then got out of the God Damn way you liberal waste! More government is never the right answer!
we are in the wrong business, we need to be public servants, I heard u become a millionaire!
I had to choose between the truth and what you made my staff say when I used to own radio stations ... fake and sad ... how's the new house?
next:  guaranteed house, guaranteed job, guaranteed paycheck,  guaranteed american dream
You shouldnt have 3 luxury houses on a Govt salary but ya do
