Here is where I disagree with you, Bernie. There's evidence of conflicts of interest, sure, but election interference? I see zero proof.
Serious question, What would u consider as election interference?
…Russia wasn't involved with it. Wow, that was a lot. Sorry for the babble 
I agree with ur stand on wikileaks. How about the fact that the FBI confirmation that RNC was hacked also, but only DNC stuff was released?
Thanks for taking the time, Eric. I'm just curious what (in ur opinion) needs to be the strong proof.
I think I kind of put the trust that there's interference since FBI said so...
I definitely trust Wikileaks over our own lying, corrupt, greedy government, especially since no solid proof has been given to us.
Well, u're right that they haven't shown any solid proof but they said there's proof. However, I don't think Wikileaks is going to say...
Stop Bernie. Just stop...
This is why we need @justicedems
It's actually incredibly. Saying that Russia interfered w/ the election is the most politically expedient thing Democrats can do.
That and promising to redistribute other ppl's wealth and labor.
Considering the 1% redistribute our wealth and labor to themselves, I think it's fair
How does the "1%" redistribute wealth? I was unaware that they were coercing ppl to hand over money.
All these nice people explained it better than I ever could. BUT the 1% own the means of production and underpay you for your labor
No they don't.  They pay you and I what we mutually consent to work for, and if I don't like what they're paying I can quit anytime I want.
@SenSanders how many countries in African & around the world have American govt interfered in their presidential elections? Just asking 
Yes through hills un secure emails and server dahhh
yeah & what you gonna try telling us our own Gov't doesn't pull the same shit around the world.
Bernie u sold out to Hillary for a thir house and your wife is u see @FBI investigation! Time to throw the towel in! Enjoy ur three homes
Apparently they met with you too - so how much money on "donations" did you receive from Russia ...
It was Hillary that interfered with your election!! Yet you endorsed her! Why don't you raise your voice against that corruption!!
Que palhaço, interferiu no votos das pessoas? Fraudou? Ondas mentais? cristais? Posso citar pra ele fraude,  e na convenção democrata
@FBIDallas #mentalhealthmonth2017 @APAHealthyMinds @FDADeviceInfo #juryduty extrapolated to attention duty @KnessetIL @KAUST_News @scotus UN
Wasn't it tough that your party had the fix in for Clinton??
Actually the fix was in for Hillary! The   Dysfunctional liberals lost! You won't see a Democrat in the White House againin your lifetime!!
The DNC interfered with your nomination.  I guess the Beach House was the pay off not to bitch about that inference!  What you say?!
And the DNC interfered in your primary. WTF... Get something done for the American people.
and somehow the Russians ended up giving you a new house and car......
How are you tweeting if you are live on #CNNTownhall ? Not fan of tweeter accounts managed by staff!
http://3Twin.COM/5-20-2017_MANAGED_ACCOUNTS.html …
Managed Accounts (available from $100k+) are best used by an educated investor, who understands how FX trading works
I assume you are calling #SethRich "Russia"? The DNC and MSM stole the nomination from@you. Quit the partisan crap and speak up!
Really?  Plenty of us Americans do doubt that Russia interferred in our election.  More like voter fraud tried to elect Hillary.
There's actually a whole fucking lot of doubt. Maybe if the DNC had let the FBI do an investigation into the servers, you'd be right.
sure they did dinosaur
If #Russia really interfered with our election, with your non-interventionist, non-regime change platform, you would have won by a mile. #BS
You mean someone exposed the corruption of the Hillary & collusion between MSM & DNC
Please name just ONE American who was forced at gunpoint to vote for Trump.

Now, how many of your supporters threw M80s at Trump voters? 
Enough and please return the R8
Bernie2020
Naw - Dems need new blood. Maybe BS in a limited capacity to help invigorate.
Yeah, they gave Clinton foundation a shitload of money
getting so boring Mr Sanders
That's one thing; but now, we have President Looselips pouring fuel all over that fire.
They were helping Hillary get rid of you. Ya putz
But America continues to interfere with most democracies world wide! Pot and kettle!
Trust me, as an American, we don't want to be. Obama won in part because he ran on getting us out of places. Then a small segment bitched.
lots of jobs in NZ
Good Democrats crook.s
I will always remember you as a disturbed old man who added to this gross election cycle. U are such a fear monger. Sit down.
LIE. Bernie, your candidacy was a Joke! Your own party cheated against you, and you roll over for them. All the People you deceived #sosad
You need to stop geezer... check yourself.. you had 1 person to beat... but you got a sportscar & a beach house #NobodysListening to you
There's no doubt Hilary interfered in yours....
But let's also not forget the DNC and corporate democrats colluded against you as well.
What about the rigged primaries? This is where you lose me
What if found no collusion what then
So did the DNC!
ohhhh Bernie, what do they have on you?? come on... grab some guts and do the right thing
Russia & our enemies will always attempt to disrupt & interfere. Shame on us if we let them. No evidence of Trump Russia collusion
The blind leading the blind. To assume truth without evidence is a fools folly
Why should you care? You didn't care about your followers when running for President
Right On. Right On. How about that Special Counselor?
What a joke!!! Worry about Hillary stealing your election...
It's a joke like global warming's a joke. But not surprised the buck is passed when one support Trump. Can't convince u that facts are facts
Global warming is a joke....  Climate change is real but I don't believe it is man made.  Not a Trump supporter just sick of the hypocrisy.
Wow...just wow! U can not be serious that u think climate change is NOT man made? But then again, religious people wow me just as much so...
Should have known Clinton wouldn't keep classified info safe.
Stop lying 
And the DNC Primaries?
Trump even said during the election that the election was rigged. He knew at that time Russia was involved. He needs to be impeached
And so, Americans, what do we want and deserve out of our government?
So what do we do now Senator?
Just because they interfered, doesn't mean Trump was involved #noevidence
A lot of countries did, by giving money to the Clinton foundation.
>100 days and still no proof. It's a Clinton narrative to cover the botched campaign. Why are u covering for them when they screwed you too?
my Mama voted for Trump. Is She a Russian operative? #MrThirteenAndAHalfPercent #DemocratsLiesMatter
They interfered by telling us how DNC managed to get you out of the race, is that what you're saying?
Put your money where your mouth is. Show us the evidence or shut up with your lies. You need to retire & stop with the lies already .
FYI, if this is found to be true, HRC is our rightful President. NOT Mike Pence. Just sayin'.
Former Bernie supporter until he sold out, now I don't trust him anymore then the rest and I will note vote Bernie again period
Blah blah blah yada yada yada
If it wasn't for #hacking Americans would have never known of DNC collusion against YOU! They cheated so YOU would lose.
I feel they did interfere however it is working to show how being deceitful can work to destroy!!!
The media, anti trump groups are hurting our cou ntry more then russia. Russia has been doing this for years and we do the same around world
And there is no doubt that crooked Hillary Clinton sold uranium to the Russians. Lock her up! And maybe you toofor supporting her.
if there is no doubt... hten surely you can show us the evidence that convinced you?
Can you please? We know you sold out your followers that's what we know
Delusional
As did you
Except for that they didn't.
If by Russia you mean how Seth Rich handed over 40K emails to wikileaks, guess Seth was a Rooskie then.
" there is no doubt that Russia interfered in our election", Specifically Senator what did Russia do and how did they change the vote?
Bernie your making yourself look bad. what are the facts? or is this finger in the wind emotion.
If i repeat if they are the ones that gave emails to wikileaks then yes they but the emails were not fake, so thank them for spreading truth
#CNNTownhall
Bern, for you to support the devilish ppl who thwarted your nomination is appallingly disturbing. Plz focus on how our citizens can unite
But why are you not talking about the #DNCFraudLawsuit ? @RealTimBlack @JaredBeck @HAGOODMANAUTHOR
Pls explain your Russian ties now....they will emerge...better to pony up
NO!
No doubt? You need to quit working for your own interests
The DNC interfered in your election but you never say anything about that. Sell Out Bernie
Btw, where did all that $$$$ go that your wife stole from the university.??
That bitch actually bankrupt the college
And USA meddled in almost every other election, everywhere, ever.  Get over it.
It wasn't the Russians, his name was #SethRich and #TheClintons had him killed.
Hey, why don't you help that guy who just got his laptop taking due to not giving his password.
dear senator whoever try to interfere in the election, result is no different.American voters only vote for candidate they like.
Why you ignorant man Wassermann did and you said nothing
Do you have proof of this? Why is it not published?
and yet we have seen the GOP support the Electoral votes over the People's vote.
No evidence, but if you want to believe in faith, guess that is up to you.
Blah blah blah blah blah
No, if anything there was a propaganda campaign, like what obama did in Egypt and Israel etc. you're a fraud.
How, by exposing corruption? Why aren't we saying thank you?
And who interfered with the primaries when the DNC screwed u 
How did they interfere? Where's the evidence?
The incompetent Sander's staff should be reigned in from tweeting ambiguous allegations which lack specificity and reflect badly on BS.
Staff person ... You should quit.  Bernie is the Trojan Horse but Tweet out 10 yrs of Bernie's full tax returns before you quit.
Lol no
@se4realhinton hot take
Cite evidence.
WISH WE COULDA HEARD MORE #SinglePayer  #FreeCollegeTuition #MoneyOutOfPolitics #EndAllWars #BanFracking  NO1 CARES BT RUSSIA BUT CORP.DEMS!
There's LOTS of doubt since @DNC REFUSES to turn over servers to @FBI to corroborate debunked @CrowdStrike report "proving" Russian meddling
I'm ashamed of you Bernie. This is a flat out LIE & you KNOW it. Makes my stomach turn because I trusted & loved you. EVIDENCE MATTERS!!!
we're all ashamed, he's supporting a party that will drive the bus over him As soon as convenient
So sad.
Long conversation with a die-hard Sanders supporter this evening, They're bewildered Sanders isn't objectively calculating this speculation
Yeah, me too. It's so blatantly a lie.
he & democrats will once again fail unless they can drag this out until 2018 *which is democrats only ace card to win anything
without having a platform, all fear based, predatory manipulation
but where is the evidence??
#fakenews
Did people take Civic, or government class? Our president vers elected my electoral votes... Look deeper...educate.
People, do you all understand that the issue is the false accusations and lies. It doesn't need to be a voters box, it is the electoral vote
Yes but it's overblown.
Your right. Just follow all the money they paid to HRC and John Podesta. Your wife is also a crook.
This is not the man I spent 8 hours in line to see In Sacramento, and Oakland WTF have you done to him?
exactly
WTF? Who is commandeered Bernie's twitter? And what did you do with the real Bernie?
I doubt it. Still waiting for even a shred of proof.
Do we get a special election out of this CF?  Once everything is out there on the table?
There is no doubt we need to know who killed #SethRich
Says the guy who got screwed by his own party 
I heard one of dcs teks gave 40,000 emails to wikki leaks now he's dead they said was robbery but nothing was taken any explanation Bernie

Former Senate Intel Chair Dianne Feinstein: No Evidence Of Russia-Trump Camp Collusion - YouTube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAxaalddaqI …
Good reminder, it's not about who won or lost but who & how they managed to break in and attack our elections so we can protect ourselves.
Thank God the right candidate won anyway!
Is it possible to make the evidence public for this claim? Wikileaks claims they did not get the leaked info from Russians!
If you call interfering, disclosing the fraud committed AGAINST YOU by the DNC, then OK . . . but that is pretty shaky example of it.
Did Obama know it during the campaign? If so, why he didn't do anything to stop it?
Yeah, no country should ever interfere in another countries democratically elected government. Those emails should have been public anyway.
Only in your delusional mind
We're is the proof?
My god would you quit with these inane, asinine tweets. I know this is staff but you sound like nitwits.
Yeah. Russia exposed DNC corruption which meant your team lost.
No the proofs out it wasn't Russia it was the DNC member that The DNC had murdered
Still no evidence of Trump Russia collusion? Shocking!!! Plenty for Hilary tho. Uranium? Bill $500K speeches? Dems sound like Jan Brady.
You have sold out to your Masonic brotherhood. RIP #Sanders
Hate to be that guy BernDog but uh, in the words of Hillary, what difference does it make?
I thought it was a ridiculous notion that are election could be rigged back when you thought Hilary was going to win.
election was interfered by Russia, @donnabrazile, @DWStweets. country deserve better. U share the blame. U choose party over country.
Lol duh
Hell yeah, Russia interfered, and you were the 2nd biggest beneficiary. Played right into Putin's hands. 
How??? How? Did the Russians vote? Did they rig the tally?
This is dealth stuff, Scars were left on my GGGrandfather. The only airlooms we have are pictures of the past. Texas is 4 real ?
What if we find out that the election was not just meddled in and he didn't win fairly? What happens then?
But you're not ready to impeach yet? #wtf
Ppl handling Bernie twitter a/c tell us ab #SethRichMurder
Hav u turnd senile?
And you got screwed..by the DNC
Indeed. Please reveal your proof to those of us in the rest of the world. Some of us aren't OK with evidence free accusations. Remember WMD?
Bernie- Can you please give us facts instead of your wishes??!! Maybe have Dan Rather type up a 'Fact' or two to dispel any 'doubt'
His name was Seth Rich, and he did it for you. Bernie.
but there is also no proof.
No Seth Rich leaked to Wikileaks and then he was murdered. Where is that outrage? He put country over party - wasn't a zombie.

Why is your wife stealing money from a college? She is under investigation by the @FBI
DNC staffer was the leak
ya think, Bernie?
Waiting for a single bit of proof on this.
Bernie, do you know how many times your country has interfered with the elections of mine? Of all Latin American countries?
Yeah like guy asking the question was thinking he was smart didn't even k ow about all this new info I guess. Ya know fro months ago lol
Really?  You should know, you have been aligned with Russia far longer than anyone else in politics.
That is not true! You're being insane!
How many times has the US interfered in foreign elections?  #Israel? #brexit? to name just recent examples.  Your outrage is stale.
Do something Bernie!
Don't just talk about it

#CNNTownhall
