It needs to be debated, I agree, but we're you as outraged when dems did same thing with Obamacare?  #doubtit
They had hundreds of hours of hearings were open to amendments and Obama answeres questions about it in public
Well sort of. Pelosi "pass the bill to see what's in it" is kind of correct. If I remember GOP had very short time to look at ACA Be4 debate
In its developement , because it was open
I just remember a lot of congressmen complaining that they only got to see the bill for a short time, anyway, we both agree it needs debated
But now do everything they can to keep the ahca under wraps
They aren't capable of embarrassment on this.  Instead they act exactly as they falsely accused Obama & Dems of acting during ACA. Awful.
A little thing called "context" is helpful when considering that tired old quote people pull out so often. For example, consider that...
in the rest of her remarks she was talking up the benefits & provisions such as pre-existing conditions being covered. When she made...
that remark, it was also within the context of about 18 months of debate, amendments being offered by both parties, dozens and dozens of...
hearings on various relevant committees, etc. Not McConnell & a handful of aides writing it alone & not saying a word to anyone, not even..
groups like March of Dimes, Amer. Cancer Soc., etc. He won't even meet with them. He's doing everything he falsely accuses Dems of during...
the year+ leadup to ACA passage. Finally, recall the rest of her sentence: "...away from the fog of controversy." B/c it was impossible...
Republicans by definition are incapable of embarrassment
Your lack of followers truly speaks to the intelligence quotient of that statement.
That is the most rediculous statement.
What's ridiculous is in these times of spell-check you still can't spell ridiculous. HA
You are right, except I have spell-check for Portuguese, French, Afrikaans and Spanish, but not English, so slips happen!
Slip Happens!
I don't see any new ideas that dontinvolve socialized medicine. Bad
If the CBO numbers are close to accurate this will be a decision that will live in infamy. Many good people regardless of party will die.
Mr. Sanders, I trust you will speak for "we the people"
So should Democrats who literally had doctors and nurses advocating for Single Payer arrested.  http://www.pnhp.org/news/2009/may/baucus_healthcare_pl.php …
Actually, they should be arrested.
I haven't noticed They have any capacity for embarrassment.
It's cause they have No Plan.
Quite the opposite, chum, it's time to gloat for killing Obamacare!!
Where's your medicare for all healthcare bill?
Embarrassment implies possessing a conscience, something Republicans appear, at least publicly, to lack
Bernie, they. don't. care.
Stop expecting them to have a sense of honor / shame. Maybe start looking at this like a zero-sum game, because they do.
If you just use words, and the letter of the law allows them to ignore you, they will ignore you. You need some actual leverage.
Liberty, justice and Medicaid for all-now."
Their conduct is border line criminal and subversive.
Wait until the Right takes your health plan.  We'll see if you still feel this strong. This is an insult to the American people.
that would require shame
maybe if the Dems would shut up about Russia and b-s collusion conspiracies.. you guys could all get something done for Americans
Let's focus on a Fed bill to Legalize Marijuana that way the $hitty HCBill Republicans propose will go down a little easier
indeed.. if you're going to keep fucking over my Western health care.. at least allow me my natural medicine  #legalizeit
We ought to all be embarrassed that a professed Socialist is serving in Congress, not surprising when several 100 admitted it as well.
Thank you so much for fighting for us all! The state of MA appreciates all your work on this issue with our congressional delegation!
I know Sen Saunders you right I'm afraid light the election on Georgia last night the republicans might get this bill pass
Embarrassment is the least thing they might be
What's embarrassing Mr. Sanders is my $1,500 a month health care premium. No Democrat has even tried fixing "the family glitch" or any other
Ummm...he ran on platform to give free healthcare to everyone. Did you support him?
Yes. It will impact millions and millions for the better
Thank you Senator Sanders! Please keep pushing for the best interest for the American people!
Republicans should be in prison.
#DNCfraudLawsuit will impact #Merica's Democracy.
Yet we haven't had 1 major politician call attention.
#Progressives should be embarrassed.
Firm believer in a hand up. Far too many only want a handout
The people of the U.S should be embarrassed, indeed they deserve better! Health care for all, nothing less surely?
Republicans don't care about anything except the money lining their pockets.
Do you actually talk to Republicans? They are shameless!
Because no point, have made it very clear will vote NO, doesn't matter what #POTUS does democrats have said resist.
More, sir - they should be ashamed.

I was more "embarrassed" when I learned my monthly bill was going up another 32%, deductible above $6,000 and old company went out of biz.
With whatever they're cooking behind closed doors right now, don't expect to see a rainbow,you may still not have any coverage and no safety
Republicans have abandoned democratic procedures and thereby democracy. I think that is a violation of their path of office, eh?
At least the Reps. aren't stirring citizenry to violence. Unfortunately, the combativeness between both parties is polarizing the country.
Load of RW crap! Bernie Sanders devoted is life 2 non-violent #resistance Can't say same re Trump
Fantasyland garbage. Your socialist Bernie complains about everything & everyone. Ask his former campaign worker ...oops, can't do that now.
And don't forget Mrs. Sanders. Wonder if she's still under investigation by the FBI for fraud when she was running Burlington College.
It seems GOP mbrs have no shame SMH
They're not embarrassed. Sneaky maybe. Low life's possibly. Cowards surely. But I'd hardly classify them as embarrassing.
Dear Bernie, pervasive effect of SuperRich + #CitizensUnited influence on most Elected Officials of both Parties:
So should democrats over Obamacare
Republicans do not know what being embarrassed means.
Yet they aren't
says the man who never accomplished a thing.
Republican congressmen seem to be incapable of embarrassment
Republicans/Trump want to kill off the lower classes, that's obvious.
Please show outrage over the way the GOP hopes to ram the AHCA through without debate, town halls  or looking at the harm it will cause.
Are the name of these willing killers-in-waiting listed for all to see?
You know Republicans; embarrassment is not a feasible/actionable plan. @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris @AFLCIO Unite go big #ResistTrumpcare
We should go a step farther and say the GOP ought to be ashamed!
Its because people r to busy on our #idiotinchief that doesn't know what he is doing in the WH & to the American citizens
Unfortunately, they simply don't care.  Don't care about anybody but themselves and their wealthy donors and this says it quite well.
And ashamed
And democrats need to show unified  strong leadership to change this. #CountryOverParty
Listening to your speech, live, Sir. You are an unbelievable speaker FOR ALL THE PEOPLE!!! You are EPIC and I love you!!!! 
I am a Vermont and we would pay to send Bernie back to New York
So you speak for all. Vermonters?
Not all are poor state has been infiltrated by weirdos like you
Republicans don't care about No one but themselves

They want for the lobbyist, not us. We, the people, will remove these villainous  things from our society. We ARE the Resistance!
We need to stand up!
@alaskatravelgrm we need to pass it to read it. I think that is what the Dems said when ObamaCare was introduced
C'mon Bernie!  Republicans should be FIRED!
They are just doing what Dems did in '08. Also, Chucky Fucky said that he & his Sen Dems didn't want to be involved.
History will prove them wrong but the cost in people will be too high. It's an absolute disgrace.
Republicans would have to care about the people first. I hope they are all on their final term. GOP does not care
ACA had a major negative impact on millions of Americans but you were cool with that.
Did u get embarrassed when u passed healthcare bill w/o a single republican vote? You ignored almost half the country-paying the price now.
You all should be embarrassed that US is only country without universal healthcare.
Yes, they should be; but they are proving themselves to have no shame or obligation to uphold their oaths. Thank you for fighting, Senator!
I'm embarrassed for this country. It's no longer the country I thought I knew.
I believe lizards are incapable of shame or embarrassment.
Where were teh hearings on Obamacare? Oh yeah, there weren't any. It was pass it to read it.
Bernie, you have to vote for it before you can read it, remember?
And what did Obama care give us??
Except they have no shame anymore! They don't even try to pretend they are serving Americans...
Republicans are all corrupt #Emollientsclause
republicans never signed Obama care but you pushed it through and it's a failure!
Why don't you give American's the same health care all Congress and the Senate get.....free healthcare
Show me the data Bernie, or keep your asinine comments to yourself. It's all about people being controlled by govt for you Bernie, RIGHT?
There trying to be  sneaky and they're as stupid as trump and they really don't care.
Ashamed is more like it.
Obamacare is the embarrassement
They don't care! As long as they beat the black guy. If they wont use then we don't want it. Something has to change. This is NOT America.
Let the States take over the health care lower tax to the states. To ne able to do this
You should be embarrassed about the limited taxes you pay (13.5%). Of course you have only ever released your 2014 taxes. Hypocrite!
That's Real Talk
Im a Demexiter who knows better
Maybe if Dems would stop about Russia n focus on Seth
Where the demorats concerned when the speaker said sign it then you will know what is in it
The 1st one is absolutely a nightmare for the middle-class. Can u act like unlike Us again? That would be great. 
*Like
TRANSPARENCY
I'm sickened that they declare, "you'll have 10 hrs to look it over before we vote." They have a GOP majority - we the people have no voice.
We're the democrats embarrassed when they shoved Obamacare down our throats without hearings and by way of executive order? Short memory?
No more taxpayer funded subsidies. Focus on reducing premiums.
Go Bernie tell them 
Good GOPs should boycott the bad GOPs & either throw them out OR LOCK THEM UP. Embarrassed? $hit.
You should be embarrassed !!! Go smoke another dubby and shut up!
REMINDER #VETERANS #TRUMP just starting W #ACA your on #gop #PAULRYAN HIT list PEOPLES #HEALTH  #MISERIES #GOD MISERY for PROFIT INDUSTRY
The republican leadership has to be involved in the Russia "collusion"why else are they so bent on destroying democracy???
Obumbler Care impacted millions and millions of Americans, very bad. Democrats should be embarrassed.
Why don't you Co tribute some of your Everyman millions Bernie boy
Stop using fear tactics. You're harassing us & att@cking innocent U.S. citizens, getting people to shoot us because of ur paranoid delus!ons
You need morals to experience embarrassment.
They should be voted out.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP do not care about their constituents! Only their own pockets! #makeamericasickagain #healthcarebill
I would like to keep my lower premium and ins coverage. Please keep fighting
There have been more meetings & hearings than obamacare (zero) you liberals just choose not to participate.@TEN_GOP @potus
Seems just like the ACA bill that was rammed down America's throat. You need to control your hostile rhetoric it affects people actions.
ACA had over 47 hearings,10 rep amendments, when they showed up, and they felt there should be more, yet 13 rep r writing this in secret?
Never had a hearing for Obamacare. It was shoved down our throats by you and yours, in the dead of night. Shoe on the other foot now. #Liars
Republicans are simply just soulless, hiding behind their Christian Values. Jesus would call them out for what they really are!
I love you Bernieee!!!
Bernie, " Hypocrisy is the practice of engaging in the same behavior or activity for which one criticizes another."  We are not idiots!
Obama stealing billions from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to fund obamacare is criminal
What about obamacare stealing billions from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to fund the unfixable obamacare
They aren't. They have no shame.
U r the rich why should se believe u
Americans rise up!
Democrats are shooting people in the street and you think Republicans should be embarrassed go away socialist
Sorta like how Obama care raised my rates and lowered my coverage?
They don't care about Americans unless they are wealthy
Why are they being so secretive?I think it's because they want to push it through and know if we all see it there will be angry people!
Now how did that work for Obamacare? Lots of meetings right
Really? senator Sanders, since when has rich folks ever been embarrassed about they do for others less fortunate?
Don't we have to pass these bills before we have hearings?
The @DNC conspired against you to push HRC. The fact that you don't care speaks volumes. 

#bothpartiesarecrooked
All this is the hatred of @BarackObama / ACA, plain and simple. Plutocracy vs the Preamble of the Constitution- WE THE PEOPLE.
The healthcare bill must not be passed without a hearing, debates and amendments being introduced.
Dems should be 4 passing legislation that has failed, barely giving American's 1 company to choose from.
Bernie your worried about people's healthcare yet you and your colleagues will not get rid of your prime healthcare to stand with thepeople
Have u seen trump REPUBLICANS CANT BE EMBARRASSED
dont vote for that horrible bill
Maybe you can donate all the money Hitlary gave you as a buy out to help pay for Health Care!!!!
You should be embarrassed!
You're NOT winning this @realDonaldTrump
Yes Bernie.  We need hearings on the republican healthcare bill.  @SenJohnMcCain @dougducey @JeffFlake
Republicans should be embarrassed - and VOTED OUT.
They are sanctimoniously self satisfied, not embarrassed. They don't represent people but corporations. So they don't care.
They'll be embarrassed losers soon enough.
They're not capable of being embarrassed. They're shameless.
Yes but senator, they don't have the ability to feel that
Republicans shld be embarrassed and ashamed of themselves for throwing their constituents under the bus.
They don't know to be embarrassed.
Yes, it will.  It will stop forcing millions to pay for coverage they don't want and subsidizing freeloaders.
Your a hypocrite, socialist/communist with a poor memory about the passing of Obamacare. And it's behind door birth.
This needs renegotiation with insurance companies doctors in pharmaceutical companies it seems the middle class always get stuck pay for it
You were there for the ACA passage? It was written behind closed doors, brought out and when you didn't have enough votes you cheated 2 pass
They should be ashamed to threaten the healthcare of millions just to cut taxes even further for the rich.
How are they even allowed to proceed like this? Ugh
We must pass it in to see what's in it .... oh never mind that's what the democrats said
Republicans don't care about embarrassment, only their agenda.  All we hear from @senrobportman is #jobs!  Nothing about healthcare
Well ask the people around the country how old Bob McKee are worked out for them.. skyrocketing premiums and no Dr
You created this mess! Now your blaming others for wanting to fix it? Get involved!
"..it’s misleading for Sanders to make this point...soon be rendered out of date. Under Senate rules, there will be debate and amendments.."
Funny that's not happening
As an awful familiar ring to Obamacare doesn't it Bernie

Obama stole a billion dollars from Social Security to fund Obamacare
Should be.  Aren't.
they don't get embarrassed, they dump every good thing Obama did b/c they can't stand that an honest man of color worked for us!
And the Americans who voted them in.
Any bill, law or referendum that's concocted under cloak of darkness & secretiveness can never be good for anyone not in the secret circle!!
You should be embarrassed! You are a push over! Screwed out by Hillary and you put up NO fight. Thank God you didn't win. Ur NO good for USA
Same thing when Democrats pushed Obamacare.  Not one hearing.  "You have to vote for it to see it." - House Speaker at the time
Hey Bernie, stop inciting street violence. We do not want our Congressmen shot because of your political garb. You should be ashamed. 
Republicans don't care about the poor or middle class only the rich that's why it's all in secrecy .
Sounds just like the Democrats passing Obamacare doesn't it

It's all about the money in the Democratic Party
You mean like the Dems were embarrassed over your ObamaCare?
They probably don't even care if it passes.
Obamacare negatively affected THOUSANDS of people who had healthcare, keep your Dr, cost will go down 25%...blah blah...
*Hundred of thousands
The entire Fed govt should be ashamed of putting us in $20 trillion in debt while doing too much in our lives & unconstitutional programs.
How is this legal BERNIE? ? We tax payers pay their salaries! !!!! Laws in regard to this need to b changed!!!!!
Pass the Bill.  Then read it ! Sound familiar
We had no hearings back in 2010, when socialized medicine was being passed.
Will you please shut up!!
They would be-if they had consciences
They need hearings on your violent rhetoric! #ivorytowerelitistcoward
