Tax cuts for the rich never work. They only make the rich richer.
This is why capitalism is inherently evil.
Then. Why don't you go live in china or other places?
People need to be told this?
Thank God we got rid of him!!!
Let me state a fact. It damn sure ain't happening your way and never will
Never worked in the past
As a socialist tell us how we can be as rich as you Bernie. That would be cool
Lying Ted lies, twists facts and supports the far right.
Bernie double social security for those elders who need it and make those younger pay for it
Trickel down economics hasn't worked since the 1980s why would it work now?
Duh, that's the last time it was tried
And it worked then and will work now
Wanna hear a big lie? Climate changes or Global Warming whatever you wanna call it is the biggest lie of all lies.
I just want to be as rich as you
No one believes we'll be rich. Your fake period.
Anybody with a middle sized farm, will have to sell, and split the farm to pay inheritance taxes, bernie wants smaller farms, devious bernie
Bernie, go back and read your horoscope again! It said eat flax seeds and nuts to be healthy, not tax cuts and wealthy. New glasses please!
Graduate of the Huckabee Correspondence School of Comedy?
@SenTedCruz is a PAID lying mouthpiece for 1%. Guess what Middle Class--your taxes will go up under this shady GOP plan! Numbers don't lie!
No, he’s not going to tell me that. The person who tries to sell me his fantasies is you, sir
Well, SenSanders, we may not be rich like you are, but we will be ok.
YES! Good call Bernie. You were right
Love you Bernie!!!!
Another Republican standard!!!
What kind of a stupid question is that?
It's all about selfishness and greed. And you seem to approve on both.
Still awaiting your Bill to increase Income and Estate Tax Rates to 100%. Government can provide all our needs. We’ll all be equal. 
Genuine question: what do you honestly hope to gain with mischaracterizing arguments to the point that it's comical?
Dems seem to believe everything would be solved if the Government just took a little bit more money . The logical end game is take it all.
Who said that? Paying 3000 more in taxes to pay 5000 less in premiums is not a drastic solution.
You want us to end up like Venezuela.
We know it's a lie. It came from somebody that has a letter next to their name. D or R doesn't matter, you are all liars
You're dumb. Just for the rich? You're so insignificant now.
Just the opposite will happen
Example Oklahoma,  huge tax advantages to large oil and gas under the guise of more  jobs while devastating our revenue. Economic failure!
Don’t believe the lies- dig deeper- who profits from this? The extremely wealthy with their tax cuts. Wake up America! Sleeping Beauty!
Being a career politician Bernie has mass wealth most of us will never see. Something a little disingenuous about this argument
Let me make a prediction: @SenSanders will tell you that because of increased taxes on the wealthy you will all be wealthy. That's a lie.
Cruz doesn't lie like Bernie, sing your lies Bernie boy
And Bernie will tell you that because someone else is wealthy you are getting poorer
Here’s another lie, you clown: you’re poor and struggling because others are rich and they get tax cuts.
Not only that it's the same lie they've been pushing for decades.
We won't all be rich, but we will be richer. Bernie is a liar and a demagogue. A truly evil man
You’re going to say every deserves “free”shit and never explain how you’re going to pay for it.
Trickle down has never actually trickled down. The wealthy just get wealthier
You're right, that is a lie; he never said any such thing.
The one thing I learned from the debate is Sanders has no problem taking nearly 50% of your income for the rest of your life.
Let me make a prediction.  You’ll talk about how evil being rich is and then buy a FOURTH house.
These two are like Frick and Frack, the wannabe leaders of the Tea Parties of the left and right. Neither one of them make sense.
Why are you debating Cruz? The primaries are over. Your "Revolution" is just a group anti-Democrat haters. Your supporters harass and target the Democrat's base, esp women & POC, and our leaders. You're just an election spoiler, nothing more.
That seems counterintuitive...that's a lie?
We know, its the other guys think they will live like the Beverly Hillbillies.
All the Damn-rats have raised taxes on the middle class and poor.
Well sen......lying is one thing u are definantly an expert on.
GREEN EGGS & HAM.
You tell nothing but the truth right Bernie? Explain how everything is going to be free pal.
@SenSanders I feel like you are sinking to DT's level of politics when you reduce complex issues to simple absolutes & point fingers.
lol. Common sense bring the money back even taxed at 1 % is better than having it not in a bank in this country at all ! 0 Nada.
Over the yrs society will see a tax return
You know we won't be rich, but at least it's a move in the right direction, you guys built this shit , so it's-  the Shit- is deep.
So how do we "the people" keep this from happening? Whith all this social media, how are they still not able to hear this nation?!
Lying is part of #TrumPuto's DNA. So is deriving sadistic pleasure from hurting innocent and defenseless people.
That's because #TrumPuto is a lying liar who lies a lot. It's part of his DNA.
Unlike Bernie who never lies EXCEPT when he says taxcuts will benefit only the top 1% and people will die in the streets without OCare.
don't tell us --- tell the morons who voted for Cruz / Trump. they're the ones who need this message not folks with >2 working brain cells.
Please Bernie.,.take more money from people who earned it and give it to me!!!
A: wrong prediction B: we don't all want to be rich, just make a decent living without paying for the lazy
we don’t have to become rich crazy Bernie. As long as we give you less to waste I’m good @SenTedCruz
Trust me Bernie No One Believes him!!
BERNIE 2020. CRUZ/LIAR!!!
#BreadLineBernie gonna Tax us into prosperity! At least Ted makes sense. How does govt getting rich help poor? 
If your boss won a million dollars, how many of you think he's going to share it with you? Same with a tax cut!
Had discussion with a friend & when I brought up that point, he got mad & disconnected from conversation.
Feelings matter now, not facts 
Don't have to predict to know taxing the ones that create jobs and giving to those that don't work =All of us poor!
Tell us how never having a job will get us all three houses.
From the pit of hell. Indeed.
When the real underlying truth is under socialism u will always all stay poor-you work, the Gov't takes your money, & gives u what u 'need'
Bernie, Bernie, Bernie. No one said anything about rich. $4,000 in a year does not make one rich. But it does make one better off. @tedcruz
The republican tax plan sounds a lot like ANIMAL FARM
It has never happened in the past when they’ve done it and it won’t happen now
Rafael only knows lies. He wouldn't tell the truth even if a big bag of Koch Bros money was attached

He's a crook. I'm a Texan and wouldn't vote for him.
Lyin' Ted
Lyin ted
That's their only talking point.. cuz cutting taxes has never work for America.  They cannot come up with an example.
But if we tax everyone more everyone will be rich right comrade?
The opposite of Tax and Spend is Cut and Keep. When we spend to buy groceries, is that bad? Tax and Spend should be a badge of honor.
Wouldn't be surprised, the way he's already making every issue black and white. Dammit Ted! Its not that simple! I see what you're doing!
Let me make a prediction: Bernie Sanders is going to tell you he is for the poor, all the while he getting rich pretending to care
NO SIR WE WANT GOOD PAYING JOBS, NOT HANDOUTS NOR WELFARE, THE POOR NEVER HIRE, YOU INSULT OWR INTELLIGENCE, WITH UR LEFT, PROPAGANDA SHAME.

Does anyone really listen to anything Cruz has to say?  He's a deuffus and everyone knows it. He's just trying to get back in good graces.
Everyone remember this is Bernie bank fraud Sanders

Let me make a prediction: @SenSanders is going to tell you that because of tax increases on the wealthy you can have free shit. That's a lie
So says the guy that has lived off tax payer money his entire life #LiberalLogic
Good God you talk like we are all idiots. Which most of your supporters are.  So carry on.
Wait wait don't tell me, @tedcruz is an actor hired by Goldman Sachs to play a character in the political entertainment drama.
True for a size-able percentage of population currently paying $000000000 taxes. They will  not be richer. Guaranteed!!
Correct. You need to run for president and lose to get that third house.
If it’s such a good idea, make them create the jobs first and THEN give them a tax break. Let us get something first.
Well, it’s always been a lie in the past. No reason to think it’s true now. Still waiting for Reagan’s Trickle-down - it’s 30 years late.
No kidding. Still waiting for Congress to ACTUALLY WORK FOR THE PPL. NOT THEIR OWN AGENDA. Come and talk once y'all stop acting like babies
Yes?  We don’t believe anything coming from the GOP. Golly would be good if there was some leadership out there!!!Anyone?  Anyone?
He must really believe in magic! Dumb deplorables.
We'll all be as rich as you

And taxing all the "rich" to make everyone better off is more of a lie
Trickle down doesn't work?! But that's what we've always been told.
Maybe you were lied to.
I predict you will say millions will die. Everything you say Old man is a lie - you are a joke!!!  Term Limits!!
Are be married to a college president like Bernie.
Where did you wealth come from bernie? Being a member of the Senate I suspect
My late dad was a reluctant R in the 70's. His thought on trickle-down economics? "Don't piss on my leg and tell me it's raining "
Lying Ted POTUS declared long time ago Still LYING
He has never said that. But at least we will all have the opportunity to get there... in stark contrast to your reprehensible socialism.
As a Texan.  Cruz will not ever get my vote.  Hoping he goes down big time in 2018
I’ll also make a prediction: @SenTedCruz will watch Twitter porn on 9/11/2018, too.
The truth is, a wealthy person will likely,never spend the last dollar they make.They live off the bottom of the pile.At least the old money
Actually wealthy people worked very hard to get where they are and wealthy people are the ones creating jobs which we all benefit from.
No more than people in socialist societies who cannot get ahead, but are held to the same level of mediocrity.
But the Government stealing from the rich will make you rich?
Is that what you’re saying Bernie?
Another LIE!
@BernieSanders We need you to make more noise than just singling out the ignorant @SenTedCruz.
I don't believe either one. One wants to tax me to death to pay for everyone else. The other makes it look like a good deal.
Bet he does.
Thanks Bernie! I hope you win in 2020!
Why the hell are you guys debating?

Just remember to bring up kansas
Cmon bernie....kick asz
Ted Cruz is acting very cocky on CNN  who the hell does he think he is? It’s not a good look Cruz
He is a Brannon Boy NOW
Lol savagery. Starting the shade early on Twitter!
Yes because taxing wealthy work out so well for Detroit, Venezuela, North Korea and the rest of commie countries. We all want to ...
Jump over their border to get inside of those paradises on Earth.  /sarcasm
Of course not. Who would think that?
And itll create jobs, lower debt, make health care affordable and find cute for cancer. We in tx are well aware of the lies he spews.
That’s a little harsh. I’d just say ‘extremely implausible’.
No it'll mean more jobs and less dependency socialism never works
Just talk about Ted's donors. Connect the dots. Stop being polite Bernie.
Those tired old trickle down lies. When will it end?
Reagan said the same thing and then came up 10 years short when the paper profits went poof.
#bankfraudbernie
Apparently @GOP 1st priority is lie first,try to frame facts around lies later,if facts don't fit use alt facts.They think we're all idiots.
#SpoilerAlert
not a lie.
for a guy with a lake house you talk some shit wish I had a lake house rich old man
really
With his "math skills", he must have been educated in a Betsy DeVos academy.
Or trump university
Naw. He knew it was a farce, so he wouldn't attend.
Bernie is essentially the first basement living snowflake. A very ancient snowflake!
Cruz Is Mercer's boy--- Trump resigns or succumbs to heart disease-- Lying Ted will be the nominee.. that is why Cruz has sold his soul.
Like Sessions, Ted Cruz also has a B.S. from Trump University in B.S.
I really cannot comprehend why anybody takes this washed up Commie, who didn’t have a paycheck until he was 40, seriously.
Probably because the vast majority of those criticisms are ad hominem attacks like your idiotic reply. 
Bernie: U had a shot & caved to the political elite. You r done. Go spend the rest of ur life w the wealth u gained as a politician.
All Donald Trump does is lie
Tax cuts for anybody is a good thing. Stealing is wrong even when the government does it. #TaxationIsTheft
So it's good even when it increases middle class taxes?
The tax reforms WILL benefit the middle-class and save it from the socialist destruction that took place under @BarackObama. YOU are a liar.
Is that the GOP refusal to work for the people? The core belief that health care is a right and a society cares for ALL if it's people?
I’m not offended by a successful business person and don’t believe I’m entitled to what they’ve built (earned).
Except it's not you predicting, Bernie; it's your staffers. How about you not be a coward and actually write a tweet yourself.
Reganomics ...so retro
“That’s a lie” isn’t a good argument.
@SenSanders thank you for fighting for us & bringing the truth to light you're showing Americans what a liar @tedcruz is & his "fake facts"
Your plan puts us where Venezuela is.
I don't think anything coming from Ted Cruz would be taken seriously after the "Porngate" scandal.... it takes time for us to 'wash' off the 'ewww'...
Vote @BetoORourke !
Put up or shut up @BernieSanders . Shame on you for not seeking to Jail @HillaryClinton for stealing from you!
Some more of that trickle down mess.  It doesn't work!
We know, Bernie.
I predict some pudding
Go get em Bernie!
Good Luck Sir!!! You have always been at the side of history.... hopefully people see that you are truly working hard for your people 
Umm...no. But you’ve managed to get rich...in Government!?
would you really like you compare how much Sanders has made with how much Cruz has made?
And the truth of the matter is simply this Bernie thinks she'll be the next Hitler and Cruz is a coward
I pray you have enough in the tank to go again for the WH, and make a true power shift in this country. #BERNIE2020

how did you all get so rich in politics (public service)?
I mean, aren't the Clintons worth more than 200million?

asking for a friend...
I believe Sen. Cruz about as much as I believe Pres. Trump, Rep. Ryan, and Sen. McConnell ... which is to say, not one bit.
Well it's all abiut belief for your type, judging from your avatar you're an acolyte to the religion of feminism.
Listening to Bernies lies makes me want to BARF! If Bernie was prez we'd be Cuba.
Says the rich man, driving super cars and owning multiple expensive homes. Amazing how many people listen to this old communist.
What's your argument here? You think that Sanders will make more money as taxes go up? Explain that to me.
Bernie vs Cruz
Foul play sir: you are better than making this kind of spurious  argument.
Bernie you just will not tell the truth, because the truth is not in you.
Hold up. I won't get rich 
Bernie Kicking a** and taking names.. again
Where were you when they paid Cargill and Hearst each $100 mil and called it SFSOS?
"Care Not Cash for the homeless?" like it or not
Good thing you arent a fortune teller
People need a hand up not a hand out Bernie
Man IDK whats more annoying this fossil calling every tax cut a 'tax cut for the wealthy' or all the liberal basement dwellers who eat it up
So perfectly true! Bravo Bernie!
Illustrating the Dem/Repub reign of crony capitalism is proof enough that Fed gov doesnt deserve our money
Does anyone have a crystal ball so we can find out what kinda scheme we are in for
read the bill.
1.With all the tax cuts, who, and what is gonna pay for your society to keep running?infrastructure, education, health care and what not.
2. More money in your pocket, will mean that you'll have to pay a lot more for basic service from the government. Not rocket science...
Right cause government has no role in those things and only makes them more expensive. So yes I would be paying direct and would gladly do
Nothing Cruz says is for the Good of the majority. Bernie 
100% sure he had it on paper. Erasing as we speak.. He'll word it different
Disney World @SenTedCruz? What! OH BOY!  Thanks You are making no sense we know about new Tax Cut details - Stop Lying. Now Robin Hood? 
Is your wife in jail yet??? You knew what she was doing your as guilty as her!!
Senile old man mumbling gibberish
Yes, the Dotard in chief does go on, doesn't he? Good to have elder statesmen like McCain and Sandrrs to model the way.  

Love you @SenSanders ! don’t ever stop! We #need you
