I support his freedom of speech but my god this man is everything we don't need.
Perpetuates the self-victimization of blacks, wants to tax the rich immensely, is for judicial activism, doesn't care for our constitution.
The rich should be taxed immensely. Wake up.
When you're not 13 and your brain finishes developing what we're talking about will make more sense to you.
We're all impressed with the teenager's take on economic disparity here. That and how to him 4 years is considered a marked difference.

Yeah, its swag when he cries environmental disaster while driving a car that emits tons of CO2. Its swag when he yells 1% but has 3 houses.
GIVE IT A BREAK YOU REALY THINK HIGHLY OF YOURSELEF WHY?
How the fuck is he doing it QUIETLY if your publicizing it ?
WHAT ARE WE STUPID??
His ego is as gross as Trumps..just like his tax returns..secret.His revolution is all in his own mind, tell me ONE thing they have done?
my point exactly, all he does is TALK, he never gets anything DONE!
that is the point, they are nothing BUT ideas, no plans of action, no knowledge of how to implement them, he is ALL talk
Are you forgetting that Bernie DID condemn the shooter? Lmao
He did condemn the shooter? Then why was his ass talking about resisting and fighting back last night? A little soon with Scalise still hurt
Because he wants to save our democracy and have health care as a birth right. The U.K. has it and they are not a socialist country. Smdh
hahahaha your an idiot
its still you by a long ways
His message is one of Socialism that has failed in every corner of the world, even Russia! Sanders will fail because of ideology.
Sit down old man. America will NEVER become a socialist country. Why would we trust the Government and give them even more power to control
So ditch the highways, libraries, social security, police / fire / military, bridges, Medicare, public education, public universities, etc?
Chill out and research exactly what Socialism is.

You've got that backwards, dear.
This is a #sweet #friendly @SenSanders! Such a #cute face in this #photo.
because they aren't backed by corporations..like Koch brother mercers.
Oh come on not backed by Koch brothers Bernie had more money on the left Hollywood Soros
WHO DO YOU THINK THEY WORK FOR LOL WELL KNOW FACTS DO YOUR RESEARCH THEY ARE CORPORATE IMPLANTS IF THEY DON'T FOLLOW ORDERS THEY ARE GONE.
Nobody likes Bernie as he proved his loyalty to Curoption and Crimes in the DNC OrganizationBernie should have turned his support away 
Let the brainwashing and anti-American sentiment accelerate via leftist media
@SenSanders didn't want to be POTUS or he would have taken off the gloves in dem primary. He's lazy and a gravy trainer
Apparently you both support the assassination attempts of GOP. Since pussy Bernie has a big mouth about 'fighting'. He'll get one.....ass
not needed to many as it is...
You go get them Bernie you Rule Senator 
Is that why his wife the FBI is investigating his wife for bank fraud?  Funding her piece of  husband's "new media outfit"?  
I mean it was inevitable. Just look at his name: bernTie sandVers
I SAY GOOD JOB @SenSanders
Who cares! Skip Aug Recess and lets see how powerful u really are. Sit in your elected seat and do Something!
Go away bernie
Why by you? U related to Sanders?
Oh everybody made fun of Bernie we'd all been better off if we a voted for Bernie I said that when I found out he was running
Bernie night be planning a tilt long-term?
Taking it out of the Donald TRUMP play book. Ain't gonna work for you cause your no Trump
I'd like youtube to be more of a player because facebook has so much code going on it's loading can be glitchy
and let me tell you, he's on rich mother
Thanks Bernie your rhetoric is what made the shooter go crazy with your lies.
about freaking time..yessssssssssssssssss,, finally
India PM @narendramodi will be in town on Jube 26. @SenateGOP and @realDonaldTrump will sell American jobs to India via offshore and #H1B.
Just make sure that you have a strategy to get the millennial vote out. So many Sanders' supporters did not vote in 2016 election. A must!
Who are they supposed to vote for?
Hopefully a fantastic democratic candidate at the top. But seats in the senate and congress are coming up first. Not voting is not an option
I can help him with that,  Two cans and a string and please don't give him a mike without buttoning it to his jacket so he don't lose it
please stop hate and fake news
Bernie Sanders is a crook, a liar and a killer, back far away from him
Thank God people.
Hell Ted Turner has tv outlet. What are you bragging about. You couldn't even beat Hillary snowflakes.
That makes no sense. Ted Turner is one of the biggest media tycoons in the world. 
NO REFUNDS
That video is beyond painful to watch wow
Which video? I didn't see a video linked in the article.
Doubt it!
Crazy old people love cameras
Bernie Sanders aged out of politics. Good thing he changed his rehtoric, yet it's too late. Young, progressive thinkers are our objective.
He's a loser
I met Sanders in 2010 - baby boomer activists were breathless about him. At the time I was skeptical. By '16, he'd convinced me. He gets it.
"by me" is not the move but I do support this.
DJT hasn't forgotten Trump Tv.  Part of his tweejaculations is 2 maintain his Palinesque following 4 later grifting. He'd wants impeachment
Love Bernie. Love what he stands for. He was the person I voted for, and if he runs again, I'm all in!
What does he stand for guns ck record
HAHAHAHA!!!! Whatcha gonna call it? "Lies-2017"? "Bullshit2.0"? 
i hope you didn't spend more than a heartbeat thinking that tweet up
Awesome
A ship of fools get their own TV show to watch in mommys basement?
.AT LEAST WITH BERNIE SANDERS YOU DON'T HAVE TO DECIPHER WHAT HE MEANS WHEN HE SPEAKS.
#ShowUsTheBill
Because Bernie supporters aren't in enough of an echo chamber as it is...
maybe u could show him tooling around in his Audi 8 while giving talks about income inequality.
