I don't think your @POTUS is listening
Why are u bicering over nonsense . North Kora is trying to put a nukuler missle on our land . Don't u think that's moor important
Please push for Puerto Rico to rebuild decentralized renewable power sources and oppose privatization of PREPA!!
mr sanders we need you more than ever....
Oh how I wish he won...
i echo your sentiments-
So lets focus on those folks and forget the NFL, BLM, LGTBA whatever.
Thank you.
Thank you Bernie
Have you been down there to visit the people who`s lives are devastated Bernie
Hey Bernie, Im a resident here. Government seems to be holding back. Only 7% of the island
18 days after, this is still chaos and what Im saying is nothing. Ask the generals and please, no paper towel throwing.
Tell Trump he Sucks
Thank you
They deserve full statehood and citizenship, as well as our other Island territories.  #Bernie2020
Puerto Ricans have citizenship, they just do not have statehood. People in US Territories are no less American than anyone born in a state.
Our other Island territories do not have full citizenship, most are considered "Foreign Nationals" which is why I phrased it the way I did.
My mother and father, aunts and uncles, and the majority of my cousins are citizens; not foreign nationals!
That's the thing, if you're born in the US or its territories, you're not a "foreign national". That's someone who is from another country.
My mom and dad came to the states with an ID not a passport and they didn't immigrate; they can home...
Your Thoughts? No Prayers No Money No Volenteering .Just Thoughts? Well, Aren't You The Best Bernie! Thank God your Not Leading.
You are a fool Bernie! There is no such thing as free anything!
MAKE ALL THE HURRICANE PRONE AREAS BURY THEIR UTILITY LINES, SO WE DON'T HAVE TO REPLACE THEM AFTER EVERY HURRICANE.
Please work to unite the DNC sir. A fragmented candidacy will only ensure defeat. Invest in a young lion (NJ?) use your skills and gifts
Millions of Americans are without power in #PuertoRico right now & hospitals are overwhelmed.

People are dying.

And where's Trump? #NFLBS
Trump is busy. He is verbally attacking athletes and picking a fight with other nations as Americans are dying in Puerto Rico!
Why don't you help?
Where are the helicopters ???
dünya acı verici afetten rabbim herse sabır diliyorum yalnız su var bide arakan da vahşet yaşanıyor müslümanlar katlediloyor
What abt Rohingya massacre?
Yes Bernie you are already devising a plan to convert the poor folks of Puerto Rico to total Socialism. Ass!
@SenSanders  Rebuilding cant happen until stabilization and utility restoration occur. They are hungry, hot, unsheltered, no health svcs
We can start with #Impeachment2017
You gonna donate a million big mouth? What are you gonna do Bernie the blame shifter.
https://www.gofundme.com/qpwzp-puerto-rico-hurricane-relief … to help our people of Puerto Rico for water food.generators
So why did #demoncrats block aid then? 
The problem is with Trump. I think he really hates putting out money to help people.
And yet nothing is being done. Its not enough for Trump to say they are on an island so its hard. What r gonna carry the aid on ur backnswim
This is what DT should be worrying about not bended knees
We need to pull them out of bankruptcy and fix their infrastructure and give them electricity as soon as possible
They need to be responsible for their own debt.  Difficult to repair an infrastructure that doesn't exist.  Maybe u should visit PR & help.
müslümanlar  katledilirken dünya ülkelerinin sesi çıkmıyor onlar insan deyilmi
https://www.generosity.com/emergencies-fundraising/st-kitts-veterinary-students-help-for-puerto-rico …

Can you please share this. We are trying to help our people. They need help.
What can we do from here
Suspend merchant marine act to enable direct shipments from outside usa and include appropriations in 9/30 budget. Actually DO SOMETHING #pr

With all due respect, we need to focus on immediate needs like food water medicine.
How about we ask our citizenry to match dollar for dollar Cuba's contribution you red diaper doper baby.
How about starting with some hurricane bunkers like the Cubans have ha d for decades?
Why do all your tweets contain an imperative? This must stop!
Why don't you & a bunch of your freeloading unemployable supporters run down there & help them while we deplorables hold down our jobs?
You first, Bernie! Put your money where your mouth is.....
Sounds reasonable. What definite plans do you have?
Pobre PR inundados totalmente y de ayudas poco o nada ..., estado independiente de EEUU?
Please Bernie, send humanitarian aid ASAP!!!! Since @realDonaldTrump can't be bothered to do so!!
Finally a politician that make sense you should be in office not @realDonaldTrump
Maybe give the $ to them that was the colleges in Vermont!
Where's your cash, Bernie???
Including supporting the SAVAGE FALN Unrepentant Terrorists you so proudly supported?
Yes we must but Drump is too busy being a racist.
Well make it happen bernie. Whose money you gonna spend
Afflicted by hurricane and the president.
Why aren't we seeing more aid sent there?
we must but I don't see anyone doing anything ... our leader is too busy with football etiquette 
Why arent you screaming and getting yourself arrested protesting about that rhen?
Help !! 3.5 million Americans need your help!!
Such a powerful and original statement.
we need you papi.
If Hillary was in the White House, we wouldn't need these statements. I agree with you, but damn, man.
Gee, maybe you could have a Vermont post office named for Caguas or something. Otherwise, what good are you?
How much money have you contributed?
We can't wait for POTUS ... if you've ever spent a warm, winter vacation in Puerto Rico, time to give back now.  https://www.google.com/amp/m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59c7f699e4b06ddf45f89c7a/amp …
Thanks Bernie! God bless!!!
Thank you Mr. Sanders
FAA needs to take control of the airport situation in San Juan and st Thomas --- how are there no flights @AmericanAir
We have one flight a day in each direction starting again tomorrow until the conditions improve and we can resume our normal schedule.
Which conditions?  Should someone contact the FAA runways are fine;issues with tower? @ricardorossello unacceptable @cate_long @gillamhall
No, am sure FAA is on board with it. From what I understand visual is safe just never used because it’s never necessary
Bernie, please bring attention to this tonight. And not just a "thoughts and prayers." Demand that Trump send the full force of fed gov't.
https://twitter.com/bravenak/status/912067874147115008 …
Thank we need help us
If you truly mean that you should ask your supporters to send money to Red Cross and other relief organizations.  Not empty tweets.
How abt you make a donation w/your newfound wealth? Oh right, you don't believe in charity, only in donations to your Super PAC & campaign
I wonder...is your objection to giving why you failed to tell your voters that a huge percentage of HRC speech money went to charity? 
The situation is dire here!
Trump says screw Puerto Rico, let's build the wall.
someone tell the asshole in the White house
If the military can strike and deploy troops anywhere in the M.E. within hours, why can't we have that same effort in disaster response?

UR thoughts should first be on the entire USA, fix HC, fix taxes, then pass term limits and say bye
Yes. Tell us what you'll do to make it happen. I'm in your team since Day 1, be in mine with more than thoughts. Counting on you. 
introduce a bill
Rescue and recovery first. Puerto Rico and islands still need basics - food, water, medicine, shelter.
Thanks Bernie.    Yes the Fed govt needs to do more.
Puerto Rico's dilapidated electrical grid is a perfect example of public ownership of vital infrastructure as the superior model.
Yes, I reluctantly agree that focus of media needs to be more on Puerto Rico.  People are hurting in very real way there right now.
@SenSanders mines are too with PR, but there are other islands that you missed mentioning. Inclusive or selective?
Donate the house you got when you were bought off. Minor lapse of values and ethics?
The sad thing is that instead of helping victims, the president is picking  a fight with the NFL. I don't hear a plan for PR.
sell a house and send money
Well then tell it to @HouseGOP & @HouseDemocrats!! While u tweet,Americans are w/out food water,medicine,the list goes on. ACT NOW!!
& Mexico if at all possible?
they are not recovering they are trying to stay alive  HELP THEM #PuertoRico
I'm sure your thoughts are making a huge difference.
I actually did a fund raiser with my employer all day yesterday to raise funds for repairs. I rt "thoughts" cus no one is talking about PR

why only yr thoughts --u must go there and do some thing  Mr Useless
Tell Trump to donate the 1 mil he promised Texas for starters
Please send the USN Comfort to Puerto Rico 
The airline terminals are even part of the humanitarian crisis there. There's ac, low on water, no food, kids r asleep in their own sweat.
what are you doing to get them help now?
Wish you were having these thoughts as President Sanders..... that's leadership!!!!
Don't try to get them trillions in debt too.
Maybe use some of that billion $ military to help those poor people
and the rest of the Caribbean!
Senator you might wanna give that sack of  @POTUS a call & remind him
This is about #PuertoRico and they do need help now. US citizens need major assistance. @SenateGop @SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats
Thank you, @SenSanders. We must do everything NOW to rescue and save all lives in Puerto Rico, then rebuild. #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief
PuertoRicans like me REMAIN "Second Class US Citizens"THE LAST SLAVE USA COLONY we R ONLY NEEDED for"US Body Bags" at WarTime WE R AMERICANS
Thanks.
What is being done by Washington to help the people of Puerto Rico?!  Please provide clarity.
They need more than your thoughts they need your action! Lift the Jones Act so a more caring country can help our fellow Americans!
Rebuild? Glass of water would be good.
Rebuilding is ambitious. We need immediate help sent for survival.
Waiting for my parents to contact me  their phone rings but no answer.  Salvador & Maria Barreto & live in Los dos ceibas, Quebradillas PR
What about the USVI  too?  Everyone forgot about my old home.  Those poor people are US citizens as well.  All the islands need more help.
So get to pushing ur fellow politicians to DO SOMETHING! FUCK UR "THOUGHTS N PRAYERS"!
Please HELP!!!
Bernie, what is congress doing? The Gov.  is asking for more help. Hospitals are at capacity and running out of supplies. WE NEED MORE HELP!
And provide the help we need  now!
Alright you guys tweet these twitter handles. @WhiteHouse and @realDonaldTrump  tell them, PR needs a massive naval and U.S.C.G response now
#shouldhavebeenpresident
thank-you. We appreciate your compassion.
Sorry Bernie.  @POTUS is worrying about whether NFL players knee or stand
Pls move Congress to action of waiving JonesAct rqrmnts & getting Fedl Reserve to designate PuertoRico as distressed area 4 CRA investments
How about water, generators, food to Puerto Rico. Rebuilding comes NEXT
Then let's get to it. They can't wait until trump gets around to it because he probably won't! Disgrace!!
Where is the president on helping these people. Oh that's right he is to busy picking on the NFL. #FireTrumpNow
Hello yes I have family in Puerto Rico I don't know how they are
Thank u
Why dont you go there Mr. Sanders. It going to wonderful
Bernie you can still say my prayers are for the people suffering in Puerto Rico..
Step 1 - Send the Navy with supplies; Step Two - Infrastructure reconstruction effort; Step Three - Statehood.
@BernieSanders @NinaTurner @TulsiGabbard Corporate-#MSM don't give a damn about the #PuertoRico devastation. #SOS
Combined, the 5 network Sunday talk shows devoted less than 1 minute to the utter tragedy underway in Puerto Rico https://www.mediamatters.org/blog/2017/09/24/sunday-political-talk-shows-barely-cover-hurricane-maria-s-devastation-puerto-rico/218020 …
Young people must take his message and run...you can make a difference!
Will you give some of the 10M you got from Putin?
"WE" (by which I mean this admin and Congress) ARE NOT DOING ENOUGH!!!!!
