Gee, if you haven't seen the bill and don't know what's in it, were you just making up more fake news and discussing that?
First of all, anyone who has history with Soros, is a huge concern, to put it mildly.
Ba#L
Nope, I will never forgive warren!!!
Not worth the time dumband dumber
It would be more interesting if they could discuss how to fix Obamacare.  They had 7 years.
They both back single payer. Bernie pushes it harder than Warren. Unfortunately, the vast majority of elected Dems won't back it.
They are both establishment shepherds. They endorsed an arrogant money hoarder for that they will not be forgiven.
Bernie made it quite clear that he supported Hillary as a lesser evil candidate. What do you think he should have done? Endorse Trump?
The people made it quite clear Never Hillary! but the bastard did not listen. What do I think he have done? Have some balls.
Have some balls and what? Back Trump? Back Stein and guarantee Trump the win? Say nothing?
Sanders did not have balls to go against the Clinton machine. He endorsed and supported a lame duck who everybody knew was going to lose.
Is this the part where you ask for uprising
WE SHOULD HAVE HAD
PRESIDENT SANDERS &
VICE PRESIDENT WARREN
@SenWarren 
boy were we robbed 
Elizabeth wasn't it you who voted for Obamacare without knowing what was in it? You are so hypocritical!!
Not interest on answers from the people that approved the largest health care disaster in history
NO THANKS
All they talked about was fighting in the street, killing people & doing whatever you can to destroy America @TEN_GOP @potus
Ask her why she didn't endorse
The Democratic governor  of Vermont and the Democratic  legislative leaders endorsed HILLARY. Those are the folks that know Bernie  best.
And Al Gore lost his home state, the people that knew him best. Was it right?
Gore won Tennessee. Read. Then comment. Research. Then comment
Tennessee was won by Governor George W. Bush by a 3.87% margin of victory, despite having voted for Clinton in 1992 & 1996. Um, yeah
I stand corrected
Wow, Liberals are so unhinged, civil war just might be brewing. #GruberLibs Not one stands up and asks for calm over Scalise shooting.
THE OLD MAN AND AN INDIAN. I THINK I SAW THAT MOVIE
WHAT A PAIR OF LOSSERS
And tell nothing but lies lies lies they are so good at it
Together they almost have one very deranged brain
Thank you for giving us @realDonaldTrump  by not contesting the rigged primaries. We will not vote for any of you. There are others better.
blah....blah....blah.  No ideas, just attack.  Sure sign of Socialist losers.
First of all, anyone who has history with Soros, is a huge concern, to put it mildly.
Ha! Dumb and dumber
Two winners . An Indian and a hypocrite 
Bernie needs to give Warren some serious side eye.
Elizabeth warren? Bernie you could chose a person who is not a known liar
Idoit forum wow
Remember when U squawked abt Trump running for Pres so he could start a media company, and how wrong U said that was....but now UR doing it
here we have the meeting of dumb and dumber lets the democratic party sold out years and they are just puppets for big money
You do NOT represent the values of Americans.Seriously?The Koch Brothers? What about the $millions Soros pumps into Dem causes. Hypocrits!!!
@senwarren Grandma and Grandpa are together again pissing and moaning. Saddest part is they really believe we are just stupid. Demensia.
Do it include care for the people your supporter's shoot?
What plan,your plan didn't work,Obama care was an utter failure
Hi Bernie! Thanks for representing me! You should be POTUS! Also, noticed you had a haircut! Looking sharp! Give those Republicans hell!
Bert & Ernie
I am severely disabled and my medicine has gone up so high I can no longer afford to buy it....Insulin among them.
Thank the Democrat based failing Obamacare
I have the ANSWER to the health care problem.  The American people get the same insurance their employees (CONGRESS) does.
"The Loser Hour".  Socialism, with socialism, with another healthier dose of socialism.
Get real
that looks like a 2020 ticket
Gosh I hope so!! Trump would have a field day!!
keep up the good fight and THANKYOU!   From a nurse, mom
Personally and politically, I lost a lot of respect for @SenWarren in the Democratic primary. Bernie is a true mensch.
Hello Warden warren are you ever going to pay the women that work for you, the same as the men? because you talk mad shit about pay equality
She is,a,Democrat. He is a blustering  opportunist that gamed the system to placate his massive ego. Not a Democrat. Never was.
Worry about ur supporters shooting up republicans. SHAME ON U 4inciting violence.
Straight to the feels. You should've endorsed him @SenWarren
2) when she stayed completely silent in primary when her ideological twin (you) was running but came of loud to endorse crooked hillary?
remember that time when Warren took a stand and backed you in the primaries?! Oh wait.....
What does that have 2 do w/ the fact both Senators r making us aware of fact that GOP is hiding the bill. U don't have access.
I understand that but Bernie shouldn't hang around snakes 
1) Speaking of "cowardly republicans" drafting healthcare bill in secret (like HRC did in 90s) why was @elizabethforma coward in primaries?

Just watch your words and please maybe sure you stop the hate talk about Trump and the right. You can disagree without the hate words.
I hate I missed it. Answering questions about a bill that hasn't been produced yet.

2 peas in a pod 
How about we do something to address the $100 billion Americans spent on medical billing errors last year.. make our bills transparent!
Make our Health Policies TRANSPARENT. MAKE OUR GOV TRANSPARENT. Never will happen under TRUMP. He is creating a Dictatorship.
Oh this is a scary duo!
Two moldy peas in a pod. Resign.
You guys aren't bias at all how bout you debate someone who is for repealing ocare
Doc Brown and Pocahontas talk turkey about medicine... yeah, that's a real brainstorm! 
@SenWarren Just two ancient shills for #CrookedHillary indulging in sour grapes. to #MAGA we need to leave #socialism behind.
Wow Elizabeth has really aged the past few years. Not that it matters but it just really hit me.
I hope you're all over this @benshapiro
Two old gas bags!!!!!
I would not trust these two word on anything!
Isn't she the old lady who was role playing as a Native American?
Looks  like  the  head of  the  American  communist party
I think the healthcare system can no longer be sustained. Its beyond reach of us and the government, let's work on that fact Bernie!
Who would win in a no-rules cage match, ₽resident Trum₽ or #CaitlynJenner?
Bernie - I am right behind you and Se. Warren! However, the 2 of you talked & talked & only got to any questions as you ran out of time.
It's the Democrat way. Deflect. Deflect. Name call. Deflect again. NO SENSIBLE ANSWERS.
Translation: Idiots, vote for me to get a cush government job and I'll give you other people money and things.
Guaranteed to be a single reference to Econ 101.
What a pair of socialist losers
How can you discuss what nobody has seen?
I'd say they have a pretty good idea of what's in it, considering the fact that they're Senators. Also, we know what was in the House bill.
disappointing - talking senator heads - ignoring questions [she's worse]
The Act that does not act in the American people's best interest Act? That Act?  VOTE NO.
Why did the congress carve out a health plan for themselvs. Why don't u have the same plan that u made us take the ACA.
Nobody is watching this for Warren.
We can use + allies. She's 1 of the good ones. Of course, Bernie is a rare specimen, and when compared to him other Sen.'s r found lacking.
Socialism!
@SenSanders @SenWarren ... dementia is the primary reason for term limits.  You guys are like a bad SNL skit.  .  Forget your lines?
did you read the bill? 
did you read the obamacare bill, before voting on it?
No.
Will this plan pay for mine & @clintdaviss loud?
Is we gone get free prescription cough syrup?
I dam sho hope so. Ain't Trump promise that during his campaign?
I blee so. @SenSanders  don't never respond to nobody. Might be why he lost the election
Your whole group is a bunch of lieing cheating obstructionist terrorist trying to destroy America
#2020ticket
Just shouting "More & Free" over and over again.
Answer questions on what you haven't a clue what's in it
That can only discuss#who is the next on the list
are there no Republicans to discuss their ideas? Why give platform for dismay talk about the policy?
They can't sensibly argue their failing points.
Great 3rd party team. No Democratic support as it should be! Take over or take your followers.
Sup Pocahontas
Two nutty socialists locked in a fact free discussion
Why does the US Gov't support evil? The Saudi who kills our children
I hope to find a volunteer lawyer to file a lawsuit against Saudi Arabia who killed my daughter &destroyed my house 
I wish you asked her where she was during the primaries and why she didn't have your back
Glad she didn't. Bernie is bad at his job.
Do they discuss the #WellsFargo push via their cadre of Senators Corker, Warner, Tester, and Heidkamp to influence #GSEreform?
#UniversalHealthCare for ALL AMERICANS 
They will have to make it up as they go, old Bernie Slanders said they haven't got a copy of the bill, was he lying, I would suspect he was.
Have you tried my shwettie balls? @FoxNews @CNN
You two look like the kiddos circus! How can you answer questions about something that is a complete secret!  That's my question??
If it were any good, republicans would be talking about it nonstop. They are afraid to answer questions and face their constituents.
BS! They just want to get it correct and not all F--ked up like the democrats Obumer care bill was when they rolled it out!
Republicans are colluding with ins co CEOS to kill Obamacare in exchange for a tax cut while kicking millions off healthcare. That's wrong
ENEMYS OF THE STATE!!!...
Darn, I cannot find it!
Sanders/Warren for Presidency 2018! 
Is the communist party having their election for President in 2018?
no, they won last year.
i wonder just how two old white boomers will feel about it. #sociopaths
Pathetic
it's not a health care plan it's a get richer quick scheme
Healthcare for all. Stop making it a business and put the care back into healthcare.
One of Bernie's 3 houses will become a medical clinic for refugees?
Why no Republicans to help explain? It's their bill? Oh, they don't want to talk about it. Must be terrific!
Democrats didn't even read theirs lol
where's your plan? How about you pick up a fucking pen? Stop complaining and start writing.
Wow, this meeting has lose/lose all over it. hopeless with clueless won't solve our healthcare. Fix the Pharmaceutical companies first. fail
Two phonies!
...said the fake account.
Yawn
Bernie Sanders would make a great president one day
WHAT?!?!?...HE'S A COMMIE HACK!!...IF YOU LIKE HIS POLITICS..MOVE TO RUSSIA/ARGENTINA...
She better get on board.
We finally know what's in the new GOP healthcare plan
Taking questions about healthcare? On video? What a concept!!!
GOP has worked much harder to remove health care from 23 mill. people than in investigating hostile foreign powers undermining our democracy
