The NRA has never killed one person however Planned Parenthood kills a millon babies a year and profits from the sale of body parts. Wrong?
You are ignorant & a simpleton. Sad you can not read for research and real facts.
get this old fraud out of there!  He is the reason we have dumpster in our WH
We know what's really happening.  Most of us are not counting on Russian hackers to "bait and switch."  We won't let it happen again.
They are,the people must take it to the street..They have to know we know it's our money and we decide.
Yesssstake it ,you see we kicked Amazon behind in Italy and Germany. We let them know we are not American.  Stand up
Democrats are disgusting people.
Wonderful messaging - structured, bold, emotional and responsible 
Any body that listen to sanders is not thinking clearly, he a commie!!!!
Senator WE ARE FED UP WITH YOU GIVING ILLEGALS MEDICAID AND MEDICARE. WAKE UP AMERICA

Reps obviously not pro life if pro gun and against healthcare. They are pro greed and pro what's happening in your bed.
It's the "opposite" party.
They mean the opposite of what they say.
Then why is it that all of your statements are out and out lies?  Every stinking one!
Telling a lie enough doesn't make it true.
Why is it so hard for americans ti have affordable health care. We have in australia.
That's my Bernie  always looking out for the "little guy"  I have voted for you as many times as you have run
We Must Provide More Care For The People Not Less #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #WeCan
Viagras covered...birth control nope! And cancer care drugs... sorry your insurance dropped that drug for your condition pay for it yourself
Keep fighting for all of us.
Please call your congress to save ACA, Medicare, Medicaid, social security!Call resist,demand GOP to leave these alone!  This is horrifying
Many more have already lost their insurance cause they can't afford it. Stop taking my money to pay for others'!
Insurance companies do that every day and you live it!
The state of ri can’t administer its own stuff. I don’t want them in my healthcare.
And you think private business can?  When a business gets massive, so does corruption in that business.
#obsessed #communist shut up!

Especially when you call someone unknowing, when you are showing your complete ignorance of the truth!
So glad you are there, Bernie! Keep up the good work! We need to know the truth, no matter how bad.
They are waging war on us 
And they really didn’t vote for Trump
Liars and enablers of a moronic mentally ill POTUS. Republicans have no shame!
Why are you not supporting Doug Jones in the Alabama Race?
Their liars. You cant believe a word they say.  They are simply showing they are enjoying their blasphemy
Sorry I really can’t understand why it is so hard to make a health insurance for all ?? Seriously...

Republicans are liars. There's no other way to state it. They will tell you they're helping you while they work to kill you.
this is shit it really is
So they aren’t *really* telling the truth
Medicade cuts are needed; Medicade rolls through expansion are unsustainable. States are going broke as Fed. $ under O'Care lessen each Yr.
But Bernie's not a Democrat ...
And people are saying Bernie Sanders isn’t a Vampire. 

Yes he is
"via SenSanders" (Deep Sigh) These fucking people. What? No video available of a "real" Dem fighting for the people?
If I propose giving you $100 but then don't did I cut your income by $100?  No it was never there in the 1st place. Can't cut an imaginary $
"but Bernie isn't a Democrat"
You are destroying social security and Medicare by enrolling people who never contributed. Illegals. Refugees. Anyone. Johnson started it.
CUT MEDICARE, MEDICAID. REPEAL ACA, BUILD THE WALL, TERM LIMITS. DRAIN THE SWAMP. You are a bitter angry man.
Not cutting current Medicaid just cutting back on obama promised increases that were too high
No they are not sorry
CAN NOT BELIEVE A WORD FROM THESE DEMOCRATICS. THEY HAVE NOT AGREED WITH OUR @POTUS FROM THE BEGINNING. AMERICA IS FED UP WITH WASTE.
It appears Many,if Not Most Rep.Congressmen have been$ by Russian oligarchs&" dark$ groups"& they Are voting4 Those Interests,Not America's!
Give the people back the power! State funded programs, not federal!
Be aware of what happens #RESIST
Rubbish Sanders
The Repubs have been trying to get rid of anything that helps the 99%.  Then lie with a straight face.  trump has upped the ante on lies.
Thank you Bernie keep fighting for us
@SenateDems - I hope you are all taking notice, look back at his rallies, his speeches. We need a whole party of those like @SenSanders.
Learn what the word cut means
Senate Democrats say they represent us but they continue to block #singlepayer and vote for endless war.
Well Dems and reps are the same. There is no difference. Only labels to distract and divide people.
They most certainly are.  You know what that purple colored spot in the center of a white splotch of bird shit is?  It's bird shit too!
Medicaid "Expansion" is being revoked.  Dem tool, used 2 sign up young healthy people who shd B working.  Lucrative 4 sanctuary states, NY
Yep. I watched this yesterday and was appalled
Lowering increases in spending are not cuts.
Americans want Medicare to be a voucher program???
support hr669 support all bump and assault bans
This is exactly what the Democratic Party needs to be standing for.
This is not divisive,
It's Leadership.
Thank you Senator Sanders for fighting for the American people middle class and the poor. We love you
Wishing you were the president
Pay attention people to what Sanders is saying! GOP is going to get us one way or another! Call your congressman and/or Senators!
Is it really #ABetterDeal if @TheDemocrats take my tax money and give it to Illegal aliens, rather than the @GOP giving it to EMPLOYERS?

Sanders calls it right.   They are
No they’re not .
"Not exactly"? What else would they call it?
Just watch bernie he is a looney toon. Who listens to this idiot

They should it the ACA increased mortality
We want you to stop being communists and promote true Americana, side with the NRA and remove the opposing Dem agenda for good
Lying sacks of sh¥t.
#Liars #Bullshit

Cut it all! 
#NoHandouts
What else is new Bernie? Their Party Boss has been constantly lying since he was elected to The Office by a BIG MISTAKE!
The country failed to see a joke for what it was; and now we reap what was sowed...
Bless you. I agree 100%! Thanks.
Budget resolutions are not binding documents.  Senate and House will have chance to amend appropriations bills later.  #truth  http://gai.georgetown.edu/what-the-budget-resolution-is-and-isnt/ …
It's not a cut it is slowing the growth of it!  You keep lying plus both are going broke!  They need to be reformed! Socialist shut up!
Thanks Bernie!
No you are wrong get your facts rite or to stop unplanned pregnancy serialize the men if ur gonny punish the women..now that's fair
Of course they are its the only way they can get there tax cuts and they don't give a fuck who has to die to get it
I'm curious, what DEMS voted for this?! What DEMS continue to lack balls & do right by us?! What DEM other than u gives a crap about us?
SenSanders energy is amazing. To have to sit & listen to this bs all day, and then have to respectfully refute it when you r totally pissed-
Republicans lie!!! They're FAKE NEWS!!!
No they are not, look at the proposal, u have nothing in ur head but that chicken nest,no economics at all.
Thank you @SenSanders for ALWAYS having our back & fighting for our lives.
When Alexander the Great spent all the hoarded Persian wealth, he vitalized the economy, now we want the ultra wealthy to hoard more
I Don't believe squat of what he says!
#theyareliars
Who Hillary and Obozo. Yep you are right!
No, they are not. There are no cuts to these programs on the table. 

Stop lying.
Yes there are. Stop lying.
@SenMajLdr If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck... It is a duck.  GOP leaders try to say differently is B.S.
Surely an actual democrat said this as well?
Bernie Sanders shut the hell up term limits for your sorry butt!!
Why take from people who need their money.   Take from those who can afford it....the wealthy.  Working need their money...Medicare WHY
Tax cuts is not the answer to EVERYTHING!
SHEEP AND WOLVES!
We know they're lying and we know they will be replaced in the future elections by landslides
What's the Dem plan for keeping Social Security and Medicare solvent?  Lots of negative blabber, but no plans or actions.
"we aren't cutting it. It's more like stabbing it repeatedly in the back"
Slowing the growth to try to make good on an impossible promise from delusional Dems is NOT cutting. More will still be spent each year.
We should be afraid, very afraid of this Republican agenda!
Republicans had to be voted out
Is this another mantra about saying something enough times that the sheep will believe what isn’t true?
Liar. What is being proposed is a 5% reduction of the RATE OF GROWTH over 10 YEARS!  CBO and actuaries say Medicare is UNSUSTAINABLE.
Current law increases the spending to meet need.  If Republicans cut a $1.5T from Medicaid & Medicare then they won't meet need.
They will both eventually get cut by the basic laws of economics
Taxes can be raised if Medicare runs out of money in 2034 or whenever.
$58trillion?  That’s just Medicare. Medicaid, SS all in similar fiscal straights. They all need significant structural reforms.

My Medicare isn’t free. Republicans use my premiums to ride in private jets. they get their money stealing from others and laugh about it
Free health care for all
I"d be fine being taxed extra for Universal Care aka #MedicareForAll .Thank you @BernieSanders Bernfor always fighting the good fight for us
This budget will gut Medicare and Medicaid to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations. VOTE NO! #GOPBudget
Ripoff Republicans Tell Big Lie's anything to get a Buck
Lying to the people brings you no honor sir !
Can't America sue them for lying?!!
Uhh, no. They're politicians. It's what they do. ALL of them.
Get rid of the billions in fraud first
Quit grandstanding and get things done
Alright warning Trumpies, don't Piss Sen. Sanders off. I'm just say'in 
Of course they are and it is not theirs to cut.  We are payi g gor it.  They 'borrowed' funds.  Pay them back with interest
Cuts to a proposed budget increase are not cuts . No one has proposed cutting actual spending levels.
I wouldn't say they're "cutting" Medicare....more like "removing" it or "nixxing" it...perhaps "expelling" it or  "getting rid of" it.
They netter not even nring it up for a vote.  Tslk about a fury inleashed.
Need to get that keyboard fixed
Yea, too small on the phone.  Get excited and forget to proof
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP #LyingAdministration #AdministrationForMillionares
We better believe they / they want the rich to get richer
Sitting Democrat NJ Senator Bob Menendez is literally on trial for corruption, including Medicare fraud. Democrats don’t want their gravy train to dry up apparently?
are you lying again let's see the documents instead of all the talk
Not voting for massive "increase" is a CUT to Sanders. He's always looking for ways to grow the Nanny State and the # of Govt. Dependents.
No Bernie in the real world  when you cut something you take it away. $100. -50=50. When you slow spending. $100. Now & 250 2yrs out $150 av
so what!
I think Bernie and Paddock favor each other look close?
Time to get a lawyer and sue the GOP I am not giving medicare I paid into to the Koch Brothers
You can't sue Senators for their votes.
The lies Bernie tells oboy he's such a good liar. Let Medicaid go back to state. Send DC a dollar get back .70 cents. Makes no sense
Yes they are
Thank you, @SenSanders 4 standing up for ME PERSONALLY as well as 4 all Americans. I would not be alive w/o Medicare-I became eligible at 31
Anyone watching this & says "he's not a democrat" is an idiot. Bernie's the real democrat. It's the so-called "real" democrats who r fake.
@GOP - the party of lies and half truths. We are not fooled.
I know you mean the demonrats.
STOP THIS! GOP ARE HURTING AMERICANS.
This is knowingly and willingly endangering lives. How can this keep happening?
Since when did the GOP House cut Medicare?   So much for being pro life. A bunch of hypocrites
a reduction of an increase is not cutting...
Yes it is.  If a company increased its workforce and kept payroll the same, then workers' salaries would be cut.
example:  Changing a 3% increase in funding to 2% is not the same as a decrease. More liberal fuzzy math.
Healthcare spending should keep pace with medical inflation and demographics.  Under current law it does.
I lost my healthcare due to Obamacare. Do you care? Middle class gets fucked. Do you care?
By losing health care do you mean your premiums/deductible went up? Serious question
Sanders Medicare4all bill is infinitely better than ACA
Trailson is correct. Also, the idea that Obamacare made everything too expensive is a lie too.
Yes, but it did cream people making just above subsidy cutoff. they got WAY more coverage for the plan, but def not affordable for 35k/yr
Oh, I agree, I have a 400 dollar a month bill with $2,500 deductible. This isn't because of Obamacare, it is because of greed.
GOP lying again, shld be ashamed of themselves.  They're not.  The Administration of Liars, thanks trump chump.. Step aside or drop d.
they shouldn't lie about this, eventually the truth will come out, unfortunately congress never has consequences for their lies
Still waiting for all the lies of the past 8 years to surface. Too many rats striving to keep it hidden.
Oh, yes. #Republicans hate poverty, so they want to starve it out. Or something.
we the people want LESS TAXES, LESS GOVT, tax reform, growth, jobs, n prosperity for all. obamacare is a massive spending welfare program which our nation cant afford, a failed experiment in socialism. senate dems, offer us ur alternative plans. resist n obstruct is hurting us.

56% Discount!!Saving $564. Your Daily Fitness Partner.Don't Miss this Today's Big Deal.Order Soon:

http://amzn.to/2fTF3cj  
Sanders is NOT A DEMOCRAT! QUIT LETTING HIM SPEAK FOR US!
yeah fuck the guy who actually knows how to do shit and doesn’t care about corporate donors and screwing the working class
#Communist #BernieSanders
boy i wish he was
They probably aren't cutting just slowing the growth which in DC means cuts. If an agency doesn't get an increase in spending it's a cut.
Uh huh, and leaving our veteran's healthcare sequesters to an understaffed, under trained under caring VA didn't cut HC there either.
Dear @TheDemocrats please champion abolishing #H1B guest worker visa scam.
Once again Bernie and the Dems lying to scare the snowflakes
silly Bernie, always stretching what isn't the truth
@realDonaldTrump but wait, campaign Trump promised no cuts. POTUS is a delusional pathological liar.
you have not come up with a viable plan that everyone can utilize....on both sides of the aisle. Bipartisan support gets it done!
You kidding me? @GOP is incapable of doing anything in a bipartisan fashion. How do you think that monstrosity just passed?
No matter what amendments Dems offer, they hold no hearings, refuse to vote, refuse to listen. Unbelievable!
Lol GOP ended bipartisanship in 2010. How does one compromise with a party trying to end programs like Medicaid & no interest in governing?
BS/Bernie is about Socialism period/wants government to have total control/call the shots on our lives/we will have less say/NO THANK YOU
Bernie Sanders' model is Denmark.  People have freedom in Denmark.
I will have to check it out!
THINNING THE DEM HERD, Bernie. Disabled, Poorer, Older Americans who need Medical Assistance are more likely to vote DEM-if they're living
Hi Stephen. Appears you're new to twitter. To better days for America-
http://Yes.how  is it going here
BERNIE2020
God help us
Why are you showing @BernieSanders as Senate Democrat? It's not one!
Because - like it or not - he's the most popular politician in America. and has caucused with Dems for decades, brings I voters in to party
Well he runs me away!
If Medicare4all runs you away, you're already a republican ;)
He's wildly popular among Dem base as well. Smart for Dems to partner w him
Hey bye bye  Just because someone doesn't support Med4A doesn't mean they're republicans. Reason why I don't Berniecrats or Bernie.
I'm sick of your dumb ideology.
Yes well I'm sick of losing elections.
Bye!
And yes if you don't believe health care is a human right, youre a republican. ACA got us halfway to universal coverage, tine for other half
because they don't care
NOW is the time to talk gun control & Medicare 4 All as 500+ victims try to pay for medical care!
senate dems MUST give us better alternative for LESS TAXES, LESS GOVT, for tax reform, growth, jobs, n properity for all americans. pls provide what alternative do u have. more obamacare--the massive spending welfare program we cannot afford? no ty.
He is speaking of something very serious, but, Sanders gestures remind me of @TheLewisBlack @TheDailyShow
Stop lying to the American people. They are not cutting they are slowing the growth which is very different. Tell the truth Democrats!
hi
Then We can Tell the #Senate #Republicans, A #Tax Hike on the 1% is not really a #TaxHike!
GOP are unscrupulous liars and hypocrites !
They're still trying to convince us Trump is presidential as well... ;)
Good'ol Gas-lighters at it again???
Lv!&!rm
How is the question.. and by how much is the question... and the answer is...?
Like their leader, they are pathological liars. Don't believe a word they say.
My Medicaid was "inactive" as of Monday. Going for my 4th cancer surgery in November
I hope all goes well for you.
Thank you. 
No they aren't

https://youtu.be/wWjzJYy5Ch0 

https://youtu.be/5TBXa3H1TqQ 

https://youtu.be/wDOXy8fHFTA 
False claim: The Medicaid “cuts” are huge. Reality: Only in government does slowing the growth of spending mean “cuts”.
The primary false narrative being sold to the public is that this bill will result in massive spending cuts in Medicaid. Simply is not true.
They are liars!!!
Check the Democrats.They call this cuts which in fact they are slowing growth. Why would you want to continue to grow an entitlement program
Making it a state issue?
Medicaid and Medicare will still get more money than what they got last year right? Right! so you are wrong once again
You tell them Bernie we r with you.
#LiarLiar #GOPHypocrisy #MiddleClassGestScrewedAgain
Yes, they are...and they're all liars & hypocrites.
