Dems have same problem, unfortunately. Just a different set of corrupt corporate donors.
By default all of them are working for the demise of the United States and are pro Russian. @boycottTwitter
GOP fights for Republicans.  DEMOCRATS FIGHT FOR ALL AMERICANS! Including the sick, tired, poor, hungry, yearning to be free!! #TakeAKnee
Someone should negotiate healthcare with the kochs. Always speak to the master or you are just flapping your gums with the lackeys.
That's exactly right; we need to keep exposing the Kochs even tho they like to stay quietly in the background while doing their dirty deeds
Don't forget about our wonderful Dems, they sck as well.
I can not believe that my life along with millions of others are hanging in the balances because of the Koch Brothers are y'all serious.
Bernie baby, do us all a huge favor and collect your retirement...... enough of your spewing socialism in this great capitalist country.
Poor Koch brothers whatever would they do if they had to change their ways?
Have they ever worked for the people?
In bits and spurts, I believe.
The last republican that was worth a damn was Eisenhower. And he wasn't even all that good!
Reagan was excellent too. Killed Communism in Russia form
Reagan also introduced the concept of trickle down economics that's ravaging our economy to this day...
Wrong. It lifted more out of poverty than,ever before.  Middle class to upper. Jimmy fucking Carter failed so...
The rich keep getting tax cuts but the poor seem to be staying poor. But it "works"?
The GOP under a light
Quit your fabricating!
@Heretic_Soul @Mangel2020

Now there was a REAL PRESIDENT not a game show host who's worried about FAKE ratings. Fire you & your fake family. Draft dodger, bnkrup king
This tax cut will really help the Koch brothers! They pay republicans & republicans work to give them their biggest tax cut ever!!!!!
Yea,while trump is working for putin
This is becoming very clear and it is destroying democracy and the American values of equality, the rights to vote...to life itself.
Charles, thank you so much for always taking a stand for what is right.  You are a hero and carry that responsibility very well.
@boycotttwitter @Twitter is @agentofRussia @RussianAgents
Is it just me or are Trump & the GOP a Union for the 1%

as if democrats ever do people's bidding . Look what they did to you .
Obama never worked for Citizens
Thanks Citizens United
Citizens United has to be one of the most anti-American bills ever passed. Until it is overturned the Kochs will be running the government.
Arrest the #KochBrothers for treason
Do you study the issues really study them from all sides or merely drink the socialist Koolaid?
And Robert Mercer. The true terrorists of American people: the Mercers, the Kochs, Trump, @GOP. They should leave the country.
This is the world we live in.. Where rich men threaten politicians openly.
#TermLimits so sick of Bernie !!!
Hay Bernie you gonna give up your health Care and get what the people have to take
They got $300 million to spend and think they need tax breaks? Seems to me if you have $300 million to lobby with, you need higher taxes.
Thank you for saying it so simply and eloquently... how do we inform the sad, misinformed fox viewers?
U don't. They are ineducable, but they only make up 25% of Americans. The rest of US MUST join forces against the GOP.
Vote dammit.
When are the rich going to get a big tax break and let the cost fall on the lower and middle class?! It's so past due.... 
The Koch bros are revolting.  Why do we allow anyone to "buy" our government, or to set the agenda by threats of witholding $?  So corrupt.
Business doesn't agree that "trickle down" will lead to more hiring
So you don't want to unrig the economy, allow hard working families to keep more money in their pockets & put Americans back to work?
If Republicans were working for the people, they wouldn't be continuously stripping away the life's blood of their constituents! #SaveACA
Republicans haven't worked for the ppl in over 40 yrs. Trickle down economics is not new. Just puts money into rich ppl a pockets
Trickle down is just being pissed upon. It's all in the perspective
Aren't the Koch brothers rich enough? What is their motivation for wanting to deny health care to millions of poor people?
No such thing as rich enough with these ppl. It's all about power and greed with them regardless of who they screw over
I guess you're right. No other explanation.
& you're doing the bidding of @HillaryClinton & corrupt @TheDemocrats , neolibs, neocons & war criminals by lying about Russia
Vote them out #kochsuckers
Maybe so...just like you and the Democrats are doing Soros bidding - let's be honest here.  None of you work for the American people anymore
They are two kind of people in the world: those winners who try and those losers who just criticez.
#Bernie is trying to help us and instead you support the #kochbrothers who are happy to take your health care in return for their tax cut.
His methods are social medicine and in words in 1994 “not viable”
Like they're not viable in Canada, Australia, Germany, Norway. Why do you with CEO's?
He stated himself in video This would not work in the US! To much money. Bernie’s words about Canada
If his words he'd say he's wrong today. Not too much in Canada. Not too much in Europe
Shut up Bernie we are not having socialism in America it doesn't work why don't you get a JOB something you have never had
The only difference between republicans and democrats is nothing and degeneracy.
Bernie you sold out for a car & a house. Go away. It's to late for you.
Have I told you to shut up today?
Gop is keeping the #ACA for there insurance
What's wrong with this picture 
Shouldn't this killer bill be good enough for them to
#stopgop
#BankFraudBernie Tell us about the THREE HOUSES and how the FBI investigation the Obama DOJ opened on you is coming along.
ohhhh a 72 year old man with dual income, a good job and great credit owns a cabin, a raised ranch and apartment in DC... for shame!!!!
A Trumpling accusing Bernie of fraud. Oh the irony 
I know right
The Koch brothers need to be imprisoned. They are a threat to our democracy. Including all those GOP pols who take their money.
how are you still so loyal to the dnc after they backstabbed you? did you also have the debate questions beforehand?
That could be considered a #bribe, but since they're "withholding" money, guess it's #blackmail. iIlegal acts in plain sight
As the Democrats are doing Soros bidding, your all crooks, who only care about re election
Democracy ends, when the political parties contributers demands their economic interest, stealing the peoples rights and power.
Time to end the Republican reign and vote every last one of them out.
The Koch brothers suck and GOP should call their bluff. It's not like they'll back Dems in the midterms.
Don't screw up our healthcare with that debate!
Go live in Venezuela @SenSanders you've quoted them as picture of socialism
Understand
@DenglerMelinda GOT THAT RIGHT
Last I checked the constitution says "We the People" not "We the Koch Brothers."
Well Bernie Democrats do much better than that Hillary Clinton was working for Wallstreet can't do better than that
Just not going to turn America into Canada
Kochs pledge 400 million to GOP if they repeal Obamacare.
400,000,000 / 32,000,000 lose insurance = $12.50  

One life is worth $12.50!
Bribery by any other name
Let's face it, there are NO GOVT OFFICIALS working for the people!! They work for their own interests n big biz that fund them #disgraceful
Don't generalize, @SenSanders it only drives people apart more
Bernie u have no right to gripe. U let Hillary steal the nomination and should have exposed her treasonous and corrupt past
It's a consperiaccccccyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.

Soros did it....
Your Dem. Party friends - & you - are all "working for" same "people": the 1%. #DumpTheDems (and fake-socialist Sanders) #BuildAWorkersParty
Why would you want Neocon McCain regime change in Syria? @saneprogressive
Debbie Lusignan is right..there is only one party...how else to explain you pushing the Russian Myth? @saneprogressive @cynthiamckinney
What's the point nothing's going to change people prefer the illusion of freedom to real freedom.
Corrupt GOP Regime is "For Sale". They will pass this bad healthcare bill just to keep the Koch Brothers swamp rats lining their pockets.
If the wealthy can afford to spend millions in politics, then they can afford to pay their taxes. Tax cuts should go to the poor & average!
You are such a hypocrite Bernie!

What ever he is doing, my stock market portfolio is look mighty nice. Which is good after the lost Obama decade.
Republican congress is The Terrorist Congress.
fire Pence appoint Hillary The majority does not want your policies you're a novice let Hillary govern you go to Mira Lago
Oligarchy is what it's called.
Bernie, the same could be said about Dems and George Soros.
The description 'piggy' is very apropos for the Republicans and the establishment.
hello
You got that wrong, Bernie! It is the Republicans who are working for the people inpite of the Democrats & Liberals.
Sorry Senator but we knew that already.
You know something Bernie, you're beginning to bore the hell outta me.
Are they the Sara Palin Death Camp we heard so much about
True. Now they. Want. Cut. Obamacare. The. Hope. Again got. New bill. To. Vote. On sad
I mean. Sad they. Got. A. New. Bill. GOP, again. To. Try. End. ObamaCare, Shame. On. The. Republicans, Ten. Million. People. Won't. Be cover
David died of advanced Alzheimer's with doctors declining to treat his UTI until it eas too late. His PCA liked to brag about her connection
& so maybe Babs ought to discharge her from retainer...
As an American citizen I'm so sick of this. We need major reform.
Sir,  Time Magazine reports that you made over $1 million last year. The highest senate salary is $193,000. Who owns your piggy bank?

Very true indeed.
#KochSuckers
Have George Stephanopoulos, Jake Tapper, Anderson Cooper, Erin Burnett, Chuck Todd, Chris Wallace, etc, ever done a story about Kochs? Ever?
I keep asking but no answers; this is a BRIBE. Can it really be legal?
Says Soro's puppet
Our MSM isn't working for the people, either.
Shame that Americans need to rely on The Guardian for this story. Our media is complicit.

Enough with the Republican-bashing, Bernie. Enough. The #Democrats kept you out of the White House, not the Republicans.
@SenWarren recently voted with the bulk of R's to INCREASE our already absurd military spending. How about mentioning that?
American democracy in action.
Shame on them!
Whose bidding were you doing Bernie Sanders when you dropped out of race and bought 600,000 lake house? @SenSanders
"Daddy won't give me my allowance until I do my chores" -every member of the GOP

Evil and corrupt!  That is what has happened to our government
GOP: for the few, not the many. Wake up people, they want to make profit from your ill-health, and happy to see you die if you can't pay.
This is just a stupid comment with no basis of truth. Pure political Rhetoric!
And your doing George Soros's bidding
And who are you working for Bernie? Career politician. Millionaire. 3 Homes. Where did you money come from. Did your wife steal that too.
Every politician does someone's bidding, the problem is its not their constituents
true but they dont pretend to care for the people...demos should pay attention
Cash is king still it seems, healthcare & the lives of millions of people who are not billionaires be damned. #fucktrump #MuellerTime
Koch brothers are fighting for DACA Amnesty.

Does Sanders stand against Koch bros in wanting to deport DACA recipients?

I don't think so.
How many of us were invited to encourage policy? None. Use your power. VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!
