Doesn’t make any sense, if our national debt is such an issue. Then why are they giving back billions in potential revenue to the top 1%
Dose this make more sense
Our national debt is over 14 trillion those savings have already been gobbled up by additional funds to defense. You can’t justify it.
18 trillion and who Got us there again?
Well 5 trillion in Iraq that we never paid for, yeh this has been an issue for some time.
Hussein Obama added 9 trillion
more than all presidents behind him combined
Guess what @GOP congress approved of all it
No shit 
Im not pro GOP
another reason I voted for trump
Forcing Americans to pay for health care, especially at the rate Obamacare charges them is morally repugnant
“Obamacare” isn’t an insurance policy. It’s insurance regulation. You have a car, need. At insurance. Have a body, need healthcare.
*need car insurance.
Because that’s how insurance works
Can't draw blood from stone. Sick people often CAN'T WORK. How are sick & old people who CAN'T WORK going to pay more than healthy people?
Didn't I just read that the 1% pay 86% of all income tax due each year? So the remaining 99% pay 14% of the total.
Yes and who transferred wealth obama made middle class shrink on purpose Saul alinsky tactics . Bernies a lapdog fraud
Made public that every Cabinet budget was diverted to fund OCare exchanges and to disperse money to cronies. Medicare decimated for Medicare
And this old bag of rocks said nothing with obama
This is really bizarre coming from a millionaire who doesn't believe in donating to charity.
And theres a break for Corporations as well.
Like they need it.. 
#trumpneedstogo
Your tax plan is repugnant as well as health plan show me where socialism works with 300million people
"Trickle-down" means nothing gets to the bottom but a trickle.

Ur absolutely wrong Bernie look at the tax distribution tables to create growth opportunities we need a tax system that creates incentives
You speaking about morality in any financial or fiscal conversation is laughable.  #BankFraudBernie
You can take a pay cut right #Bernie ?
You know what else is “repugnant”? BANK FRAUD perpetrated by your wife Jane! Sit down old man.
Bernie, "morals" is tricky ground, don't go there...
Nobody knows less about economics than you do. Please don't talk about this subject any further. You are a liar.
Why can we have a flat tax rate??? #TaxReform #TaxFairness  would you do it @SenSanders
How come Bernie only pays 13% tax just how did he get away with that,same with other dems
Are you a brain-dead parrot???  All you have are bullshit talking points.
So you don't wanna give the middle class a tax cut, thanks a lot #BankFraudBernie
If you disagree with the American system of economy, just move to Venezuela, comrade.
Aren’t you a 1 percenter?
Hey, Bernie your economic plan is in full swing in Venezuela how's that working out for them? 

This is America. The left holds people down by telling them they can never succeed due to "white privilege" or "income inequality." Grow up.
So how many homes do you have and what do you drive?
Everything that he has done or tried to do is bad
trump is morally repugnant personally. no surprise his policies reflect this
Not at least he not taking a salary unlike u little fraud
Here we go again with all you obstructionists. The American people are tired of Democrats unwillingness for compromise. Just stop it!
Zip it!
Another reason this man should not have been president!
so i expect the republicans are all eager to get on board with it. #RepublicansSuck
#BankFraudBernie
Bern,never forget,you are old,and communist.Not a good combination
Bernie Sanders is correct. The massively wealthy should have their taxes raised not cut.  The GOP is sticking it to the 99% as usual.
As soon as you donate all of your wealth come talk to me.  #QuitClassWarfare
It gives people their money. It's not yours. You don't have the moral High ground here.
being under fbi investigation for bank fraud no one cares what you say.Your single payer healthcare only has 17 democrats on it
Hell yeah, Bernie!! Let's all sit on our asses and get paid for it! Make EVERYTHING "free"!! Anyone doesn't like it, sic a BernieBro on him!
YOU are morally repugnant for caving in to @HillaryClinton and the DNC and espousing bad economic policies!
#TrumpTaxScam #WednesdayWisdom
Good time for #Bankfrsud then 
Because Dem's keep indoctrinating more & more ppl to depend on the govt for everything & it will be free, so more ppl are becoming nothing
More millionaires telling ‘thousand-aires’ what is right. Rich politicians are out of touch. YOU LOST, go away. Give away a house or two.
Socialism doesn’t work. We the people will never allow it to happen here.
In America, you, I, or anyone else can do great things. Nothing holds anyone down besides the government.
No socialism is morally repugnant n a means to keep poor people even poorer n enslaved.try talking to Bono who life's work is the poor
Sanders is a lying, phony cretin. He wants to steal wealth of smart, hard workers like POTUS while he has 3 homes on gov't job.
"framework calls for a switch to a "territorial system"where the overseas profits of U.S. companies would no longer be subject to U.S. tax,
The reason for income inequality is due to the poor and middle class being held down by democrats. Failed programs waste tax $$
you are a large reason why he is in the office now.
So Shut up
you are both Angry White Men who pander to people's fears.

#fuckBernie
This.
We love you bernie
Yeah bc your socialism plan is sooooooooooo much better
Dear Bernie Sanders can you please stop talking about the US debt. GOD Obama inflated it to the point were at now and socialist are worse
I hate you

Inequality is a liberal worry, while US poverty is a crisis.

Taking money away from rich people to pay corrupt bureaucrats like you doesn't help the poor.  And that's what our tax system does now!
Odd, I do not sharing see you sharing the money you scammed from our youth.
Time for massive immigration to other countries.
It is Morally repugnant for you Bernie Sanders to keep accepting a Senate Salary since U R Second Most Absent Senator in DC since 2007.
Ok Bernie, if you say so..
Trump<Sanders
Its not even close
seriously
Yep! Also I know that you are secretly my professors so can I get a  on my last paper please
My deduction is doubling. Sounds good to me.
http://www.taxpolicycenter.org//publications/standard-deduction-and-personal-exemption/full … The standard deduction is bait to make you think it's good. Taking away personal exemption means increase for most.
Yyou will still be able to deduct dependants
It was only a few years ago when you praised Venezuela's socialist government. Why in the world would we trust anything you say?
Yo Bern, you take a vow of poverty?  Guess is you in 0.1 % WorldWide
Middle class tax breaks and bringing corporate money back to the US is morally repugnant?
Senator, how does it feel to know that the Russians stumped for you with targeted Facebook ads to sow division in the Democratic party?

All hands on deck to help Puerto Rico.
I referenced the Khmer Rouge they kill 25% of their population innocent children seriously Bernie communism n socialism rules. #sosVenezuela
Trump is a repugnant human being devoid of compassion, morally bankrupt,  only loyal to his next pleasure.
#BankFraudBernie! 0 credibility, why did you let Hillary steal your nomination? Because you're a FRAUD!
shutup basher

@TheDemocrats do we expect better from Buffoon45? Can't we admit he's a threat to public safety and  #LockHimUp
No tax cuts until potus shows tax returns so that the American public know that the cuts are not for the rich. @maddow @RBReich
You don't need to be Warren Buffett to know that the tax cuts benefit the rich, what is wrong with that?
Give us YOUR money, HYPOCRITE
Absolutely! That's how you put 'em on #BernNotice!
Bernie, go away. Nobody is listening to you just like the primaries!
Go back to Venezuela Bern you would fit right in! How's that fancy beach home you got fr DNC going fr you?
Also George Soros, Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos, etc. etc.
Hey Bernie can you pay my healthcare and pay my taxes

he is morally bankrupt and corrupt
What is “moral” to you Bern? What is “fair”? is equality of outcome fair and moral regardless of means to achieve it? Is it achievable?
Maybe we should commit bank fraud !
As Trump says....he could shoot somebody and not lose any support!
#fraud you sold your soul to the company store. Go kneel to the DNC
Haha. But Socialism is better right Bernie?
NEVER A BAD IDEA taking money from hands of Crooked Politicians returning it to those who EARNED IT! @ArabsForBernie @POTUS @seanhannity
When Comrade Bernie says "Fight for 15", he isn't talking about your minimum wage, he's talking about his income tax rate
Trump and his administration is morally repugnant and bad for our country in general.
Stop tweeting & yammering and gather up all the other senators for the 25th amendment NOW... immediately..
The energy behind a 25th Amend solution is DOA. Not happening.
You need to address the Russian sponsored ads that boosted you and siphoned support from Clinton.
So letting people keep more of their income is bad economics?
The Dems are always politicizing everything. Dems have destroyed our economy over the Obama years. Let's try something new for a change!
Repealing the Estate Tax will force the US Govt. to cut important governmental services and cut taxes for billionaires. This is immoral!
It is immoral to tax.
Agreed !!! Who comes up with this sh*t ? Seriously  Republicans are they not rich enough dammmmmm
That's an ignorant statement.
i agree , there should just be one flat tax for all.
So stealing more of that wealth to fund the state is better economic policy?
Just a another rehash of Ronald Reagan's "trickle down economics"...which by the way,35 years later I'm still waiting 
Ha look who's talking!
"So a family of four could no longer reduce their taxable income by more than  $16,000"Thus higher taxes when they can't take the deductions
The key 2 this is cutting programs that the fed gov is incapable of doing.  DOT, DOE, FDA, EPA.  Those last two can be sold to raise rev.
Its a shame. HRC's plan would have benefited the middle class. Too bad you didn't support the nominee eh!
#LiesLikeHillary #DespicableLikeTrump
@SenSanders why don't you tell us WHY you perceive it that way instead of constantly bitching?
Does nothing to change big corporations from paying no taxes thanks to loopholes and protectionism.
Sure Bernie like we care what you think 

Name a time and place without massive wealth and income inequality . . . and I'll show you a society with very little wealth at all.
Norway Sweden Denmark there's more
Norway:  "Households in the highest 10%t for net wealth own roughly 53%, the richest 1% control 21%, while the top 0.1% own 10%."
Nice try.
You are morally irrelevant....   move to Venezuela they already have your system in place...  I'll help you pack
Quit trying to Promote Socialism! I like to keep as much as I can of what I make, not pay for slugs with no ambition! @POTUS @Varneyco
So is your millions and mansions Bernie.
Nice try Bernie. Id rather keep my money in my pocket. Not trying to make you more wealthy. Call your friend @SenWarren she's in the 1%
Sadly, everything Trump does is morally repugnant but the hope is that soon he'll have to answer for the illegal things he's done.
How so?
Economics... learn some.
yo my dude I teach college maths and by far my stupidest fucking students are economics and business majors. anyway have a good day bro
One percent of the American's population has ninety percent of our money, then they should pay ninety percent of our country's taxes.  Thank
Why?  What would you have happen?
Venezuela has a lot of income equality (outside of the Socialist ruling class). Maybe we should follow their lead, right Bernie?
Morally repugnant is what he ran & won on? 62mil seem to have no problem with it. Many who this will affect r just thrilled to "win" 4 once.
SHUT UP
Bank fraud Bernie, no taxpayer
owes another taxpayer the "right" to free healthcare.
It is exactly what we need.  A move away from dangerous socialist policies like yours that have ruined so many lives.
Which part, or did you even read it? Also LOL @ the socialist calling something "bad economic policy."
If a socialist calls your plan bad economic policy, you know you're doing it right.
No it doesnt
Yes but it is great for corporate earnings!
the only repugnant is YOU!
And the RNC claims that they are deficit hawks. 6%gdp? A pie in the sky
Is there anything about Trump & the GOP(Greed Over People) that is not repugnant?
Says the millionaire socialist with 3 houses...
Tax cuts for middle class and surcharge for rich people. Tell us which of these you oppose?

Ummmmm yeah we figured that one out for ourselves. How about telling us how to fight against it instead of just trying to look good?
Sad he is so out of touch with reality.
I read your analysis as “only those  who actually earn  will benefit”.     #outstanding
NO @#@!

"Bad economic policy" says the socialist
AND WHAT EXACTLY IS YOUR NET WORTH
Because you all need the tax revenue to fund big government, !!!
also corporations are richer then they ever have been and that has not helped the middle class. the rich are just banking the extra money
Corporations & Elite send profit #Offshore
How patriotic of them
What do you know about morals...your a joke..lol
Anyone who wants to pay more taxes is free to do http://so.You  can sell 1 of your homes&send the $ to the Gov
Not even sure why trump wants it. He already doesn't pay any taxes. Why the need for a rich tax cut?
We know Bernie the people who work for there money should give it to those who are lazy and have no ambition in life to make there own. #BLM
Same bullshit narrative. Whose lazy and don't want to work BLM?
How much money do you have Bernie??
Important to note: It "takes away the exemptions" that help lower the taxes for the lower income  and middle class.
Keep up the good fight Bernie and never give up and never give in!
Socialists really shouldn't comment on tax plans buddy.
We don't want to be a socialist country.
If big businesses are taxed more then they'll put money back into their companies, which will help everyone.
Our whole monetary system is going to collapse eventually but that's none of my business.
Why is it not a surprise that Socialist Sanders says this?
Free tacos everyone
We will defeat them again and again!
Make sure you hide your money so you won't have to pay taxes
Stop Trump tax plan!
Trump should be ashamed to even mention the word taxes... but then again he knows he gets away with any and everything!
Can't we just say a blanket tRump is morally repugnant and bad economic pollicy?
Stop crying wolf Bernie. I heard today they are going to double the standard deduction. Since when is it a crime to have wealth?
Says the man with 3 homes....
At a time of massive wealth income inequality  (bank fraud) Bernie Sanders mouth is morally repugnant and bad economic policy for all
Please talk about how they are undermining ACA! Everyone concerned with repeal/replace, noone talking sabotage!
Medicare for all is good use of taxes.
