Health care is a right, not a privilege. This week, I'll proudly join Senator @BernieSanders to co-sponsor Medicare for All.
Every other industrialized country in the world can give Universal Health Care. Why not the USA? #MedicareForAll
Because taxes will go up, quality will go down, individual choice will cease, doctors will ration care and spend less time on health, etc.
Rationed care (waiting 4 care according to urgency) is better than no care.Which is what millions currently have.
These are all serious concerns I have with the program, especially for low income and poor individuals. (1)
For now, this is the theory. The taxes that go up effect us personally. Comps will be taxed so I expect consumer prices to reflect that too.
Rationing care will kill poor people, making them wait for simple to major things. I don't see how this is good for them.
Again, the poor and low income Americans aren't capable to cut their way in line.
A line and healthcare, is better than no line and no healthcare.And the US has enough tax base to ensure those lines aren't too long.
Whoever convinced you that Healthcare is a right needs to be slapped because it is not a right
Why?
Because it says nowhere in our Constitution that Healthcare is a right
Don't you think it would have been in the bill of rights before the constitution?
The Founding Fathers didn't know what healthcare was. This is an issue of human rights now, not in the 1700s.
So you're saying that hospitals and doctors should just give away their care for free? Or the hard-working Americans should pay for Leeches
I never said that doctors should work for free. That's not what free healthcare for all means. Instead of being paid by insurance companies,
Or the poor, they should be paid by insurance companies and the government.
Thank you for getting our priorities straight in this country where it's a "God given" right to own a gun, but not to get medical treatment.
GOD given rights were set in place by are forefathers, nothing was said about Healthcare. SenSanders knows this, but keeps the sheep at bay.
I'm sorry. Did I say "written"?  I should have said "passed down from God".
No. Wrong. What history reference did this comment come from? Fake "fact". God not mentioned. Seperation of church and state. Right?
All the 2d amendment folks say their right to own a gun is "God given".  I'm not one of those.
I am apologizing to you and all gun owners who don't fall within my blanket statement. That was truly thoughtless of me. Sorry .
Like i said a 100 times, your never going to take them...
Gun people are the most paranoid lot I have ever seen. Everyone's coming to get them, except the 33,000 people killed by guns in the us/yr.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR BRAVERY IN THE FACE OF THIS DIABOLICAL BILL. And diabolical "president"
Can you tell us who is going to pay for this? Gov't only has money it TAKES from citizens, how are YOU going to pay for this?
Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Let healthcare be a part of protecting our right to life.
Obamacare provides the means to end life---before birth and at the end.  Socialized med ultimately determines who will live and die--it's $$
Like $$, these choices existed before the ACA, and will exist after.  Making someone choose between getting antibiotics and lunch must end.
Um, your average anti-biotic Rx can be bought for $4. I don't see folks starving over that but why spoil the narrative? ACA needs tweaking
Just got a statement, and for my kid to step into the doctor's office (w/appt) was 259$. The simple treatment he needed was another $600.
is your Obamacare going by pay for it, or is it going toward the 7K deduct (+ high premiums)that the rest of us got soaked with to pay 4u?
But then I had no concept of the scale of wealth in this country. If I had, I wouldn't have felt bad for asking for help.
Even 8 years ago, public healthcare was too strange an idea to really reconsider. I also do not want to pay for other people's decisions
No healthcare is a service people perform which makes it a privilege not a right. You have no right to anyones services
Doctors get paid
Says healthcare is a right no its not if they all retire tomorrow who would enforce this right? Its a privilege to have people perform servi
#checkyourprivilege
Oh stop Bernie your like a record that plays the same song so much u don't hear it anymore.
Healthcare is a PRIVILEGE!!  You Democrats better get with the program!!
Damn useless eaters anyway.
Name one gov't program not corrupt with waste fraud and abuse. Politicans r controlled by donors at workers expense. Fix the cost first!
Social security Medicare Medicaid, all over 70% popular by people who use them
Popular doesn't mean good management. They are all bankrupt or soon to be.
No they are not, it's a myth . They are well managed social security has a 3 trillion surplus
Sorry, just gogled it. The federal gov't borrowed the 2.6 trillion fund. All that is there is a IOU, our govt has to borrow to pay.
Yes, borrowed it from the social security fund .
Exactly, the point is the govt can not effectively manage our money. They are 20 trillion plus the 2.6 trillion plus unfunded pensions.
Mainly tax cuts and two wars on the credit cards
Healthcare is not and will not ever be your right!!!
Just wait. I'll laugh at you later.
I agree with the sentiment but disagree with the language...

Health care is currently a privilege... it SHOULD be a right.
You don't have the right to someone else's service.
Correct... but considering that their service is a product o the society that i help to built and maintain... I SHOULD have the right to it.
Well. Actually i'm Australian so i do mostly have that right... but anyway..
Touché, sir. In America our Constitution does not allow for that.
Correct. your country also allows the poorer 50% to enjoy a 0% income growth over the last 50 years.

Well done.
It always allows the poorest to not pay taxes, yet enjoy the same benefits as those that do.
It also allows anyone with drive, desire and spirit to rise above their humble beginnings to achieve a better life through the free market
” … establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the GENERAL WELFARE …"
Wrong, try again cupcake
Healthcare is a service, you do not have the right to force someone to provide you with service that's called slavery and we already did it
Doctors get paid
Nobody is forcing anyone to be healthcare providers. Ridiculous.
So we're going to be making private health insurance illegal? Single payor means no choice other than the one govt program.
FULL choice of MDs + other caregivers, vs limits of narrow network in today's private insur. plans
75% of doctors won't take Medicaid. Medicare needs priv supplement. Insurance market needs more competition, not less. Govt has created less
Pts shldnt be forced to choose btw insurors based on guessing what ills they may get in coming yr.
The problem with single payer is that the individual, the entity making the decisions is the govt."
Let insurance companies decide.
1. Healthcare is not the role of Congress according to constitution 2. Competition should decide quality of healthcare w/govt oversight
Whatever works. Constitution says we don't have permanent military either.
Both of u r sick puppies! Free free free free.. who the hell will pay for it? Don't say government-it's the working class plp bankrupt Amer
@leahbridges16 @SenGillibrand @BernieSanders 
you and a lot of free loading illegals
are the one that are getting it free.
Not even deranged #Liberallogic anymore, it's #Lemminglogic. Love #Socialism? 
Go live in #Venezuela. NEVER #WELFAREHEALTHCARE IN U.S.
Hoping for enough #illegals to be unaware of the HORROR of #welfarehealthcare.
Paws off my right to choose my own #medicalinsurance. Take @SenSanders off the cliff with you & leave the US alone.
Libtard hero
It is neither a Right nor a Privledge.   Where in our Constitution is that even mentioned?  You are over stepping your authority!
Yes!!!  Right on !!!
Thanks Sen. Gillibrand
Socialist tools
Healthcare is not a right or a privilege, but a service. Single-payer will not work with 330 million.
And does Medicare for ALL incl. fine members (LOL) of Congress in House & Senate? Or are you still passing laws for others not yourselves?
Most Powerful Nation in the World...and it's still a struggle to give healthcare to its people?
Are we going to be thanking these two tens yrs from now when we are waiting six months to get an xray
BS hey @SenGillibrand why don't u fight 4 NYS who are dying from opioids
The 2nd Amendment is a right but the government doesn't provide Firearms for All.
Get @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain @timkaine @RonWyden @JeffMerkley -in Senate
@RepPeterDeFazio @RepJoeKennedy -in the House
HC is NOT a right and how u gonna pay for in #bankfraudbernie ??
All the deadbeat's gona love that, we need Healthcare but everyone should contribute one way or another with fair cost to all
Throw health care in there and your very low tax on Wall St. & spell it out or the propaganda machine will snuff it out. Anyone smart enuf?
You have to spell out to these reptiles how you're paying for it. Us working people already pay SocSec & Medicare, along with fed & state.
Show me where and how it is a constitutional right. HC is like anything else. It's good for you, and you have to work for it.
Adult Stem Cells can be the best Heath care !
watching all these rank and file Dems finally endorse universal healthcare now that it's politically expedient
Disagree with #healthcare as a right.Too many take advantage of free healthcare. Visit urban cities. ppl scam the system. #aca works, fix it
One problem. Medicaid sucks bad. Give us congressional insurance or give yourselves Medicaid.
@SenSanders is an establishment dem.
I am with you!
That right
Thank you Bernie
@BernieSanders Because everything the government needs to grow power with... is a right....No it is not
#MYMONEY
Anytime a person has to pay for another person...ITS NOT THEIR RIGHT!
Finally finally finally finally! Love you Bernie Sanders!
Bull.  Unless pricing is addressed this is just a gift to big pharma.  From OUR pockets by corrupt pols.   Turn away pharma $$ bribes first!
I certainly agree healthcare should be a right not a privilege. It is the duty of a medical professional to keep a person alive. Health Ins
Yay! @SenSchumer you watching? Come oonnnnnnn
Puppet
Where can I read about how the plan would work? Is this for those under 65 only? What happens to those over 65?
Does that include the senate and their staffs?
Will you please make everyone aware that you are NOT A Democrat!
The government is now going to be our masters? What ever healthcare we get you better get the same or you will not be trusted
Why is it we keep getting ignored? Do you think regular American people can't understand math? Try my numbers. @ninaturner PLEASE
#Kamala #Kirsten #2020 The #future of the #DemocraticParty.
Since when is Healthcare a right?
#SinglePayer ....better AND cheaper!! #SinglePayerNow
We want govt OUT of our Healthcare.  Leave us alone.  You have all messed it up so bad.  Stop helping.  We can't afford it!!!!
ACA registration starts Nov=DT+Adm slashed$ advert it
hopes to <signers=Cong NEEDS improve exchanges
+guarantee funds>then Insur>goes there
Thank you 
What does that mean  it's a right      we can all purchase health care    what's the uproar    are there people who's money is no good
Bernie, waiting to hear from you on issue of DACA? America was built on the back of migrants! Including @POTUS who is from Germany!!
You are both Communist!
Thank you for always sticking with your convictions and always trying to look out for the citizens, not the donors.
Dont give up Bernie!
Bernie please go home and shut up.. You've done enough harm
Yeah by paying for it. Y taking from others - that's called socialism!
What about Chuck?
Well that's great but will they be able to afford it? Seniors pay 104.00 a month plus copays and deductables that are 20% ?????
Love you Bernie 
Work for it!
@PattyMurray 
Thank you
Hey Bernie. Just in case you didn't know.. the election is over.
It's a right to have the privilege
Access to good health care is basic for "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness "!
But it should not be free. People should have to work not just expect. This is not an automatic right or privilege earn it.
So tell me Bernie. If a size-fits-all plan got the US didn't work with ACA. What makes you think a size-fits-all plan for the world is gonna
Pelosi needs to stop holding up the bus and join the party or she's got to go; this anti-Bernie sentiment shows how petty some Dems are.
I like this idea, but take into consideration what works for them: universal healthcare, lowered medical costs, & people paying more.
Don't just give people free healthcare. Make them responsible for their costs in an affordable medical market. Gov pick up worst costs.
Thank you @SenGillibrand for standing up for a #SinglePayer #Healthcare system. #MedicareForAll #Medicare4All #BernieSanders #GTL
@JKH2 You opposed to this or for it? You clown. 
Once that happens, we will eventually become a socialist country, financially
THIS IS WHAT NEEDS TO HAPPEN.  BEST OF LUCK.
Oh yeah. And guess what! Get ready for the economy to collapse and then we have to change how we do business to get up and running again.
Eating should be a right too.  And not a privilege.  Please sponsor a bill to get all Americans the food they need.  #foodstampsforall
If healthcare is a right then why can't most Americans afford it
Thank you Good to have you in our corner 
Maybe use the thankfulness and start a gofundme account to pay the half a mill you owe-Is this part of the corruption you were talking about
Administrative costs for doctors and hospitals would also be lower dealing with a single payer.  What is wrong with common sense?
Medicare is popular with American people so why not Medicare for all?  Administrative costs for Medicare are lower than private insurance.
Thanks to all of you that support this healthcare bill.
THANK YOU BERNIE! Glad to see you back in action  so there still IS hope!!

It's about damn time

Americans want less Government not more.
Please point to the passage in the constitution that defines healthcare as a right.
Again, how to you guarantee that "right" since it requires a person to provide that "right".
We need universal health care that is single payer not Medicare. If you wouldn't use why should we?
When do we see details? @KamalaHarris #MedicareForAll
The bill will be released tomorrow.
Thanks. 
Nixon's plan covered more than ACA. Dems insisted on single payer. http://ihpi.umich.edu/news/nixoncare-vs-obamacare-u-m-team-compares-rhetoric-reality-two-health-plans …
The democrats couldn't fix this problem in over 8 years...what makes anyone think they all of a sudden have the solution?
Healthcares not a right it's a responsibility we rejected socialism/communism 75+years ago&its evils have been trying to creep in ever since
You must guarantee equality across the system. EVERYONE gets exactly the same care.
Cut the leash big pharmacy has on us and allow imports, generics to bring down $
Rights come with responsibilities especially when others are paying with it. No Democratic proposal has come with the responsibility to
Make like style choices like not engaging in behaviors that increase health problems. Also if you can't afford healthcare you can't afford
Alcohol, cigarettes, cable TV and every other luxury.
Explain how it is a right?
If we collectively decide that it is a right, it is a right.
Lol, no it doesn't.
LOL, where do you think rights come from?
Lol, you are definitely part of the problem.
Is that supposed to be a response to what I said?
I need it badly. Im healthy but have a syst that needs 2 be removed but i cannot afford insurance at all
Your sandercare is just the worst concept for the American taxpayers! Another socialist program
We need this repeated and repeated in the UK before the most precious thing we have is destroyed @NHS_RoadShow
Thank you Senators, the American public appreciates your hard work and persistence on this crucial matter.
It's not a right and with open borders, you will bankrupt the country further. So apparently you want us to be Venezuela
Yea Bernie SenSanders
Let's vote both these dummy's out of office!
Yet u folk in gov get the best. sounds fair.
@BernieSanders Call it a "right" all you want. You are knowingly bankrupting this country and that's treasonous
It's a right? I just checked out the bill of rights and the Constitution, and I'm missing it. Or is this just a bumper sticker slogan?
Healthcare is a service and you have to pay for the services provided by someone else. Otherwise it's called theft
At what cost and who is left to die?
Sanders care will be the WORST SOCIALIST program ever!! FAR WORSE than Obumercare!
Homeowners insurnace is going up should it also be a right?
Thank you to both of you and all other law makers who are working to make health care a right for the American people #HealthCareForAll
Thank you 
After taking big fat checks for THIRTY YEARS you finally got around to introducing this. Gee, Thanks. Maybe 30 years from now it'll happen.
PPL ON MEDICARE WORKED THEIR LIFE TO GET IT. AND WE STILL PAY FOR IT. ARE THE FREE LOADERS GONNA GET SUPPLEMENT TOO?? GOVT STAY OUT HC..
Government politicians should not be in control of health care!!'
You mean as opposed to Obamacare where they got a card but no care?
Glad to see dems falling in line
If the govt. is going to pay for my health insurance, will it pay for my guns and ammo? #NRA #2A @DLoesch
WORLD'S GREEDIEST SOCIALIST: Sanders Owes A Disputed $450,000 To Cities Across The Country
When will you learn that "free" really isn't free?
Just like a Democrat to declare someone else's labor a right...some things never change.
@realDonaldTrump @SenDonnelly @SenToddYoung IN senators get on board. Healthcare for all then teach POTUS how to legislate.
Now can you both prevent the government from gutting the ADA?  My disabled son would appreciate it and so would millions with disabilities
A right? Where in constitution does it say that? Take responsibility for yourself. You have right to pursue things. Not given to u! GBA<><
We writing it in homie don't worry you'll be covered too
Hey  Twit. Who be "we". They would never include themselves  No government controlled health insurance ever. Refuse not to Lose GBA <><
So tell me again how you give a shit!
But it's not the healthcare they need. While you sit on your throne the peasant's don't have the same healthcare package you do?!?
Healthcare is not a right. You and Bolshevik Bernie is why we have Trump. The Socialist ideology must be crushed permanently.
I wish my Senators @SenMikeLee & @senorrinhatch would stand with @SenSanders and others, and take the steps to move healthcare forward!
Building steam!! Keep fighting the good fight, senator!!!
@BernieSanders 
Zero copays
Zero drug copays
Universal Healthcare
No preexisting conditions exclusion
Clean water
You have no rights to the labor of another. You are asking for labor paid by others, at a price not agreed to by party performing labor.
@SenCortezMasto - I'm hoping you understand LIFESAVING IMPORTANCE of this legislation & CO-SPONSOR SOONER rather than later. I have a story!
Wack jobs... both of you!
#SocialismSucks look at Venezuela
Where does the law say its a right
All Dems must join this
ABSOLUTELY
It's part our purpose
Very true.
Which will be a disaster like Obamacare.
So you won't bash her now she's support this unicorn pipe dream bill? Or are you waiting and when will you apologize to @KamalaHarris ?
Check your ego..It won't pass. Matter of fact seeing who want to be so vocal. Where is your voice and checkbook on rebuilding Texas and FLA?
Healthcare is Not a right--it's a privelege--ask the 3/4ths of the world who don't have access
#MedicareForAll #NY 
Good. States shud not shirk their rspnsblties in the context of health &education. inequities r man-made nd not accptble
Food is a right, not a privilege. Housing is a right, not a privilege. Coffee, in the morning, right when the air is crisp, is a right...
Bad idea friends bad idea
1st time I've heard #healthcare"they need"! Far different than #deserve as a right"
Healthcare is a right in a socialist country...not here in America
This country is a mix of capitalism, socialism and communism.
Sanders you SELLOUT!
You have 0% credibility.
You sold to crooked hillary the dreams of millions and bought a lakefront house w/the money.
who cares just another left leaning person
Anyone can purchase insurance, its not a right.  Liberals forcing medical welfare on all.
All or nothing just cost 20 M people healthcare benefits

Hope it's half as good as the VA! (Sarcasm)
How about you two socialists agree to the same medical care we provide our veterans for a year.
Who will be paying for it?
You got yours off our back. The rest should work for it, not gifted to them!
This was literally my feed. Good luck to both of you in this fight.
Re @SenGillibrand new realization that healthcare is a right: where were these Dems when Obama was giving us GOP-lite healthcare?
A nurse told me we don't have health care, we have health insurance
Truman had it figured out in 1949 https://www.trumanlibrary.org/anniversaries/healthprogram.htm …
And let the government decide when we die like little Charlie.  No thanks.  Judges are not doctors.
Nor are for profit insurers.  Charlie got far better care in the U.K. than he would have here - medicine just still has its limits.
I would prefer to make the choice when I go.  Not sent to the gas chamber when the govt decides I am no longer useful to them
You're letting your insurer make that choice now.
Nope I do.  When my husband passed the ins didn't request I pull the plug.  Been there, done that.
They can approve or deny treatment.  You are also forgetting the court found continued treatment to not be in Charlie's best interest (1)
I didn't forget that.  My objection a bunch of judges decide who lives and dies.  Push my wheelchair into the gas chamber.
They had to decide because the medical professionals felt continuing futile treatment was torture but parents would not accept that.
Work with @realDonaldTrump . He just needs to know the math.  Meet with him yourself on healthcare. Not all your supporters are anti-Trump.
Healthcare is a Right. @RepAndyBiggsAZ @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @dougducey @RepGosar @RepTrentFranks @RepMcSally @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Medicare for All
We get medicare and the senitator get the prime care
What economy will support that?
Healthcare is a right? Where do you get that?  Do you just assume is u say it we will believe it? 
The elderly all ready have Medicare if they paid into it if they didn't then it's on them or there family
We must go to single payer. Republicans keep looking at health care as a source of income for them to redistribute
Honorable sanders, be an vindicator for health care for all American, regardless of their faith,religion &ideas. Health is rights & not a pr
This was and soon will be again a free country why should I have to pay for someone who's to lazy to take care of there own
Freeloader!
Not a right Bernie....I thought @SenRandPauI  schooled you on that.
@SenCasey please join in
Health care is not a right nothing is free dam fool someone has to pay let people take care of there selves
I wish we were gaining support from Senators w/ values not just ambition.
I appreciate you working on health care during this admin. But shouldn't we be focused on securing the 2018 midterms we r going to need it
You will double the Nat debt and treat all Americans like the VA.  Govt has created the healthcare debacle and is not the answer. Stop.
See how far you get when people see how much you raise their taxes. #socialism doesn't work.Stop trying to kill the middle class
Save insurance company profits!
Think about all the people who work for the insurance companies who will lose their jobs under this socialized medicine
That's good. Far more useful work needs to be done.
1. Keeping politics out of this, I have worked for an insurance company that laid off 400 people because of the unsustainability of the ACA
