The real freak shpw!
Apparently, U enjoy shoveling money into the gaping maws of middlemen (health insurance companies) who add nothing of value to the process.
single payer healthcare will also improve quality of healthcare bc doctors will not be motivated to make profit but to actually treat ppl
You want single payer, go ask a vet how they like using the VA! Same thing
My brother works in VA health care. Nothing's perfect, and vets love to complain, but the system generally works, and well.
"Generally works well" means only a few die while waiting. Sounds great!
VA's main issue is funding. Waits were bc GOP in Congress choked program for $. Drumpf doing no differently. SAD.
Please distance yourself from Sanders, @SenWarren.  His continuing efforts to divide & conquer the Democratic party aren't helping. @DNC
Many Dems still saying "GTFO Bernie" despite his proven tips on winning. Do they have any idea of the army of voters he would take with him?
Scenario: what do you think would happen if Bernie and Liz ran on an Independent ticket with crowdsourced, small-donation campaign funding?
It would enable 4 more years of Trump.
Oh, it's you... do you ever NOT parrot tired and outmoded Neoliberal talking points?
"outmoded neoliberal talking points"  Wow.  Intellectual.
You have nothing to say for or against neoliberal policies, then? Because it seems all you do is talk shit.
So what do u stand for?
@BernieSanders repeal racist sexist tanning tax that targets poor white women & replace it with a cosmetic surgery tax for rich Hollywood
I would rather drown myself in the bathtub...
If you survive, don't expect Trumpcare to help you.
Nice photo of just some of things that are so wrong with the democratic party
I don't know if Warren is redeemable.
Why?  Because she says her mind?? Honest! True!
Don't get me wrong. She's done a lot of good, but lately, she's been siding with the corrupt corporate hacks.
Guess I didn't know.
She had an interview with TYT's Cenk Uygyr and she defended corporate Dem Joe Manchin.
Have you ever been to WV Scott?
No I haven't, but why should I defend someone who takes money from coal companies who profit off of the deaths of their workers?
Please talk about the important stuff. Salaries are not justified for profit seeking HMOs! Enough, is enough with the greed!
Hospitals, physicians, nurses, tx team and patients are suffering. HMOs are no longer about care
I'd love to listen in but only if Bernie steps aside and lets @SenWarren do the talking.We need Democrats to lead us, not angry disruptors.
Bernie has been doing a hell of lot more for uniting progressives than Warren has.
When he does it at the expense of the Democratic Party, it doesn't help.  He's only furthering the divide and that helps the GOP.
The Dems have failed to represent the ppl, and if they don't change then they will continue to lose elections. That is not on Bernie.
Bernie's doing nothing but damaging the collective progressive movement to promote HIS progressive movement. He's ego-driven at our expense
It's not his progressive movement, it's everyones. #NotMeUs #FeelTheBern #PoliticalRevolution
Its all about Bernie. He got a taste of fame and $$ and wants more, regardless of how he hurts the country. Still hasn't released his taxes.
Is this the 2020 ticket?  This would be a dynamic duo!
sanders and franken
...hehehe...hehehe
No, thanks, Bernie. Warren was too self-involved to support you last year. She'll never have my vote.
Nope. No can do. You're not a D, you refuse to tamp down your alt-left Bernie Bros, you knock the Ds every chance you get...hell no.
3) Bernie is giving Dems helpful advice on how they can win future elections. If they choose not to listen that is their own fault.
Until he stands up and dresses down his alt-left Bros/Gals re the violence. That's division & that's not helpful to anyone. Bottom line.
He didn't tell any of his supporters to shoot at elected officials. His supporters are peaceful ppl trying to change the system.
You have to pass the bill first to see what's in it. LOL.
Go to sleep @BernieSanders. You tired
@SenSanders. You are tired go to sleep
Great to see at least two U.S. Senators willing to explore what might be possible in the coming years. Fingers crossed for Medicare for All.
How about you and Bernie be on the same health care plan as the rest of America??? I would like your benefit plan for my family!
Why I why do you lot keep calling the AFC Obarma care?It wasn't named by any other president why him?I'm quite frankly fed up of hearing it
Has anyone looked into the possibility that N. Korea used expermental biological/neurological weapons on #OttoWarmbier ???
This is a JOKE and the American Public is now wise to it. The News Media will some day wake up as well.
Really really love the combination of Bernie and Warren! You guys ROCK! The world should thank you both for resisting Trump's dictatorship.
Everybody complains about single-payer healthcare but there's nobody complaining about single-payer car insurance same thing guys
Republicans are mad because they did not have a say in Obamacare this is why 24 million Americans will suffer for it.
We're the richest country in the world this Affordable Care Act that Paul Ryan wants to implement is a crimes against Humanity.
Thank you
How can you answer questions when you don't even know what's in the damn bill?
Don't we have to pass the bill to find out what's in it? That what Pelosi said about AHCA!

Forget that, just tell us how we too can become millionaire government employees.  Hell, we'll even buy my own insurance.
okey!!
This is like the ex gf that cheated, we trashed her & now you're showing up to Xmas dinner w/ her w/out mention. #stillawkward #whyisshehere
. E. Warren needs to shut her blabber mouth!!
You need to look at the normal working people who work 9 to 5.  They aren't going to go on twitter or Facebook durin work hours.
Anyone notice how white both of them are? and they say the democrats are "diverse"
You two are parasites, all you do is decide how much workers should be taxed as their hard earned cash fill up your own coffers.
Look at those two old white people talk about what workers should be doing as they sit in their multiple houses in a nice neighborhood.
Bernie hippocrit
You two are a dynamic duo.
Sanders Warren... has a nice ring to it. #SandersWarren2020
Thank you Bernie for trying to save lives and provide health care. The USA has the worst health care in the world.
Please think of the poor and the ones that have preexisting conditions.
She had the chance to help this country but instead chose to forsake it. She's nothing more than a DNC stooge.
Keep up the good fight @SenSanders and @SenWarren. Sorry I missed it and try not to let the Right Wing horrible comments get to you.
I own a small business and no one wants to work as they get govt assistance. Ur solution to this problem?
How can I review the new health care plan & let my reps know my input if they won't let us see it?  From a medical provider.
You didnt have a plan, remember?
Why can't we have the same healthcare as the senators?
SANDERS/WARREN THE TICKET WE DIDN’T DESERVE
What more can that pic say 
Looks like the season premier of @TheWalkingDead
You both claim Republican s are not telling you anything so how can you answer questions unless you lie and make up answers.
So you are going to speculate for an hour? How... boring.
Bernie should be commited to the old folks home,  sad
But, when will you two leave the @DNC and join the @GreenPartyUS?
Sanders & Warren. THERE'S a pair to draw to.
This should have been the 2016 ticket!
Elizabeth Warren is a fake #Progressive.
You need to retire and stop deceiving the people.
Mr. And mrs. Socialist
Numbskuller and Numbskullette
How many times are you going to post this?
You dims think you're back in the middle age's. Keep the Peasants scared, dumb,& angry to control them !
I have only One question. WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE!
Sen Warren is guilty of racial appropriation. You couldn't have that liar sitting next to you ever!
Everyone you do nothing's speak I want to stab a pencil in both my ears
No you're both deranged
Please keep fighting for us Bernie & Elizabeth! We NEED you! America is becoming a scary place to live. Help...
Can the DNC take some airtime and compare and contrast our position on healthcare?
Those two should get married and move to the North Pole. Never to return to this great country.
I've got a question? How many houses do you own and is @SenWarren in fact a liar due to misrepresenting herself as American-Indian?
#SandersGabbard2020
TY to both @SenSanders & @SenWarren time for single payer is now
I wish government would leave insurance health care alone all they did was make it impossible for people to be insured
What couple
Must b distancing from his wife's litigation
I'm pretty sure the can all go buy health insurance still
Obamacare is a disaster.
Thanks but, I'm tired of the BS y'all talk. Plus, I rather walk my dog so She can take a shit. That'll remind me of You Two(2) for sure.
If only you fought the dems the way you do the GOP 
While everybody downs Bernie sanders we have a fucking fool as a president.
No, thank you.
@SenSanders blah! blah! blah! 
name a more iconic duo
Are you two going to discuss  left wing nut jobs that support you  two  that also attempt to assassinate GOP Congress members ?
Why won't the Democratic Party shun Sanders, who USES our Party, denigrates our base & our leaders, & created a rabid anti-Dem Hate Cult?
@NancyPelosi said this was all being done in secret? Did any of you get a copy?
Should be an evening full of ignorance and bliss.
Yay!! Someone is having an OPEN CONVERSATION about this big hush-hush healthcare bill. This is what DEMOCRACY LOOKS LIKE!!!
Two  crooks
If either one of you says you could've gotten single payer in the last election, I'm going to throw up.
To you Bernie the "shooter" quoted you a lot so YOU are responsible for a lot of this hate speech. You can disagree without hating.
You to old fools need to tone down your hate speech a lot. You can disagree nicely, just stop the hate language.
That first time I ever saw Warren without her mouth wide open. Bernie, Dems mistreated you, tried to steal your votes, why back them now?
Cause he sold out...
I would like to hear a plan that saves America millions of dollars.  Unfortunately, most of sane people can't believe the lies that is said.
Thank god that we have people in Washington that truly care about the American public while others operate in secret behind closed doors.
Healthcare is a right not a privilege.
#SandersGabbard2020
I wish you would educate yourself!!! The Republicans are looking to give more tax breaks to the rich at the expense of the many! Stupid!
Id rather yall talk about running in 2020...
Many may not know that prior to Nixon health insurance companies were not allowed to make a profit. Single pay or works . I'm a nurse 48 yrs
I would, but I am staying away from Facebook as much as possible.
I would love to please keep me in mind
Please stand for American people may God be with you 
not on FB?
Fair balanced debate I'm sure of it.
Warren Sanders 2020
WOW a lot of bullies here! 
So much hate in America
you should be ashamed of yourselves, 
you know who you are.
Thank you both for fighting for the average family! Xox
2020 ticket?
Facebook is not good host since replacing Am. Workers w H1b who then loose their healthcare so adding to loss of healthcare in this country.
So nice, she's backing you now.
Might want to remind her she's about a year too late.
To all the negative responders. It's an invite to talk abt healthcare. Reps won't talk or even disclose their bill. Take the time to learn.
did you forget to mention Russians?
Sounds great 2062285810
I would like to find a doctor that cares more about humans than money.
I stand with you!!!
I'm calling it right here.  WARREN!/Pres - SANDERS!/VicePres "The 2020 Vision Election"
Thank you for putting in the work!
you have no answers, only your normal rhetoric that 23 million will lose healthcare, fix the problem don't add to it. obamacare has failed
Alternative title:  Exactly why Trump will win in 2020 the show.
Is that 4:30 pm EDT? You all could get rid of this whole time-change thing and make a bunch of folks happy! :-)
Two Peas in a Pod or Two Liberal Losers in a mental institution!
The Dems lost because HRC was a bad actor. Actress, I guess. Why would BS even remotely associate himself with Dems & private healthcare?
In that is.
what a ticket that would be. I am ib
Apple dumpling gang
how can you take questions on a bill you haven't seen?
Ignoring Neoliberal Warren - sorry!
Thanks for the warning 
Hell no
They look like a presidential team to me. I can hope and pray.
Sanders/Warren? Warren/Sanders? Either way...please make this happen! #2020
Ok. But I'd rather see both your faces on a 2020 presidential race poster. 
Both Sanders and Warren are corrupt & Jane Sanders is a crook
two millionaires trying to make me feel guilty for wanting to keep the money I worked hard for.. #DemocratsLiesMatter
Our supposed enemies have universal health care. Russia & Cuba consider it a basic human right. So...from my perspective, who's the bad guy?
Talk about hucksters!
Crazy train  now boarding all aboard 
Make sure she doesn't have the knife she stabbed you in the back with.
Excedrin? Need stock symbol. I want to own some. The American people will need it for major headaches if this pair wins presidency.
Q:
Does she feel guilt for betraying her ideals to support Wall St's puppet over you which gave the world Cheetolini?
#SilenceGivesConsent
"In the end, will will remember not the words of our enemies but the silence of our friends."
- Dr Martin Luther King Jr
*crickets chirping*
. Very goid
No Thx fraud.
If you do not know what's in it, how do you discuss it? @SenSanders @SenWarren
Yes!! My two fav people!! 
Waste. Come up with a bipartisan solution.
YOU DEMS LIE! THIS WILL BE A DISASTERS! ALL ABOUT MONEY FOR DEM! BERNIE YOU GOT MONEY FOR BACKING HILLARY
Must be comforting to know you have no danger of violent terrorism at your event. Since all attacks are ppl working for Bernie. Mob boss

YOU will be EXCLUDED in the SINGLE PAYER PLAN so you don't care! MORE KICK BACKS FOR YOU!
Bernie,  Obama care is hurting Americans, why don't you open your mind & eyes. Prices are out of control, insurance agencies leaving States!
I may have to reactivate my facebook... please don't make me....
okay,but have to stop the oil lord's from destroying the U.S.A.1 policy at a time,I really just want the killers gone
will you be talking about the healthcare reform legislation you're not writing?
yes therefore expect the worse #healthcare
if only they'd spend some time to refine #Obamacare  we wouldn't need a new plan. Can't find a pen
Let me guess. Death, destruction, and more death. Oh, and Republicans hate puppies too. Because they hate anything cute and furry.
HELL NO!!
No.
Thank you both for reaching out to help us !! I have hope again!
Who would want to see you #libtards talk. The answer to all life's problems is to repeal the #DNC
You two have serious mental illness!
That's like the Myopic leading the Blind--wtf do they even know about being dedicated American Citizens let alone government.
Utah will be watching!
My total respect to both of you...
When exactly did we start bashing Russia?

Should have been the 2016 ticket. Please dont get my hopes up and then stand down verbally again.
Bernie, will this not be difficult as Dem’s have not seen bill?

Source?
youre ON the internet. LOOK IT UP. jesus christ
Will do.
You think anyone will believe anything you two have to say? I'll bet it will be a Trump bashing session. I have dishes to do.
They are both far to liberal for my taste.
It STILL pisses me off how EW jumped ur ship to support HRC! I just can't trust her. #ForeverSanders
