Bc bernie thinks the govt has unlimited money and the more we spend, the better. He's delusional
If your concern is balancing the budget, you should oppose the Republican plan. It substantially increases the deficit.
No. I don't think the assumptions underlying that forecast are accurate at all
I mean, even Republican legislators arguing for this budget are willing to admit it grows the debt.
Every budget in recent memory has grown the debt, Feds run deficit every year
The question is by how much, and what are the Feds going to do to stop running deficits? Higher taxes won't do it.
If we want a surplus in todays times itll have to be a healthy combination of cutting spending and increasing taxes, which isnt realistic
How about we cut spending, lower taxes, which results in higher rate of growth, and therefore, more total tax revenue?
I love how when it comes to something to help the people GOP questions cost. They never do when it comes to fund wars or corporate welfare.
I welcome an explanation of your point of view and supporting evidence to back it up.
Communism has failed everywhere. So has pure socialism. But it is a fact that the Scandinavian model which tries to combine the best aspects
of capitalism with the best aspects of socialism in a mixed system is the best currently. Did you know that the LA shooting victims, to pay
for their healthcare, had to have a GoFundMe set up. Literally no other postindustrial nation sees this cause healthcare is far less costly.
In US, 40,000+ Americans die from lack of insurance. Happens in no other postindustrial nation. Also all of these countries with mixed
Damn. You just wrecked that budget.
the debt u and your buddies created has us paying over $450 bil in interest each year. Got that socialist jackass?
I think Senator Sanders is addicted to other peoples money. Really shameful. And I agree with your comment that he is a socialist jackass.
Het gaat me een beetje boven mijn pet..
Bernie... it's "We don't want to hurt Medicare.... we want to kill it."
Tell it like it is @SenSanders
It doesn't cut it. It simply slows the growth over time
Ugh!  To cut out the wasted spending. Wake up Bernie. Even you know there is fraud and waste in the system. Not to mention abuse. Need a fix
Funny, it is not an actual cut. Funding goes up year to year. It is a "cut" in proposed growth over time. U politicians are loose with words
Medicare doesn't cover enough to prevent financial hardship for people who can't afford supplemental insurance. Don't make it worse!
the probably figured a way to lower its cost Medicare already pays 3x what the actually costs may be
Do you ever get tired of this bullshit Bernie? It makes me want to storm the senate and the House and drag these fuckers into the streets.
Mr. Sanders, thank you for fighting for many Americans!  May God bless you and your Ioved ones.
I thought Medicare was solvent. Then why does govt drain it?
Because they can’t stop lying to our people!!!! What is wrong is them
Democrats say: “We don’t want to hurt America,” then bankrupt it with Medicare.
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/25/Universal_health_care.svg … Even Botswana has universal heathcare, c'mon Americans
Yup
Bernie Keep fighting for ALL of us!
Ok so what do you suggest we do to solve problem of aging population?
Instead of ur tax $ paying out 35bn, for 2018, still an increase over 2017 budget BTW, Reps say pay 30bn for 2018. #'s not exact but concept
The @GOP certainly had no qualms w/implementing a $700 billion pentagon bill.  Each year, the pentagon is funded w/increasingly more money.
Supposedly we should be grateful just in case there is WW3.

#MedicareForAll
Go to live in Cuba and in one week you will cange your mind
https://www.facebook.com/anarsocrad/videos/vb.394833317546973/488489471514690/?type=2&theater …
Republicans don't want to hurt our Medicare, they want to kill it.
Agree...
Come up with a bipartisan plan that places only the poor and uninsured on Medicare.  How long you been in Congress? Obamacare has imploaded
Bullshit.  Cutting the budget for Medicaid & Medicaid hurts.
The democrats stole from it and social security,  soooo
Where were you when Obamacare gutted mediocrecare
Words Vs. Actions

Actions are the truth.  No surprise here.
He is so full of s*** that's what explains he has brown eyes socialist Pig
This insane proposal by Republicans WILL NOT STAND!
Cuz not everything's free Bernie
You are hilarious....smh
Cumulative woes from pollution are rife; insurance covers what costs most.  Take bronchiectasis, "irreversible"; euphrasia & stannum30x help
...EXACTLY !!!
Thank you please tell us what more we can do to get single pay healthcare up and running.  I just seen where trump is to cut ACA again!
Because they do what they do best...LIE.
How tragic is it that America would rather have a mentally ill, sociopath and pathological liar as there leader than this great man Bernie?!
I already have problems paying for my medication. @GOP wants to kill off Seniors and the poor!
We need to take care of our people, our vulnerable populations, our nation.
Give that Republican wuss with the phony sympathetic voice HELL, Bernie!
And, PS. #BernieWouldHaveWon
Bernie is so rude. This guy is frantic. Bernie's like a dictator. No offense, reminds me of muppet.
https://twitter.com/dotcomlandlords/status/916951147629436928 …
An honest elaboration would be, "We don't want to merely hurt Medicare, we want to END Medicare as we know it."
Guys would it be okay if you can retwee5 this https://twitter.com/dmacion/status/915373386171158528 … lots and of people babdly needed help..at least  awareness
Want to be happy? Be Healthy..#JackMa 

Live young?watch this 2 links 

…
We can all have a pony if there are enough ponies. It's not about money it's about shortages. If there are enough doctors & nurses we can...
They don’t want to hurt it, they want to anhillate it!
America, no money for healthcare for senior's but we have 10 billion for a wall.  Misplaced priorities
#NeverDJTHRC #NeverWasEmail #NeverWasRussiaComey Wealthy Clintons Use Trusts to Limit Estate Tax They Back https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2014-06-17/wealthy-clintons-use-trusts-to-limit-estate-tax-they-back … #TheBern
Medicare cannot keep up with the ridiculous billing by providers. Unreal billing
Foreal oppose
They are Ruthless, they only care about the Koch,Mercer’s ECT 
What is $473 billion as a percentage of  the total expenditure for Medicare? I will then be able to better judge Sen. Sanders’ claim.
After all, like all extrem left wing socialists, he believes there is money for EVERYTHING. Wouldn’t that be nice?!
Since GOP got in - have forgotten they don't like deficits. All the tax breaks they R giving 2 top 1% would pay 4 a LOT 4 middle class.

Whatever happened to the Great Society?
We can’t afford Obamacare. We can’t afford Bernie Care. G what we do Bernie?Co-ops work not socialized medicine
Congress can start by making sure EVERYONE including them have the same insurance!
@ninaturner please spread this far and wide!
Their actions are speaking Louder than Words.
You were the one to put this country back in check. You're to smart to be a Democrat or Republican, hence why you weren't the nominee.

That's a lie and you know it! They want to reduce planned increases to Medicare spending over next 10 years. There will still be increases.
Remember the Reps and Dems just voted to increase the Military budget and no one asked Where's the money coming from ?, Now you know why..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SII2VTZS_Ek …  <-- this is correct and *needs* to be understood. Bernie is missing a very strong argument for Medicare for all.
TY  Nina!
Why the kids love him.
Give the bastards hell Bernie!!
Because they are drinking the Kool-Aid!

How's Socialism Doing in Venezuela? https://youtu.be/CCIdm3cM6zQ  via @YouTube  @SenSanders
Because Medicare is broke. We can't afford it! Social programs will bankrupt us!
You're completely wrong.
Sen. Sanders may God continue giving you the strength and wisdom to stand before American people because We The People support you!
I feel like you’re going to have a heart attack any second you’re on stage.
You're still full of it this morning Bernie. Stick with banking fraud, It appears you do well there.
Why do you have multiple mansions?  You lying fraud!!  Go away already...
because they lie easier than they breathe.
Nobody Up There Republicans, who can't equate medical access w/quality of life and fairness, have Nothing Up There.
REPUBLI-CON HEALTH CARE GENOCIDE, MASS MURDER MEANS NOTHING TO THEM.
You are so right...Errr.....left.  Those SOBs want to cut Medicaid to fund more Military spending. These Cuts don't reduce the deficit.
Because they want to hurt medicare..
Imagine that! Who could have seen this coming?
Medicare for all. This is the time!
When you say cut, do you mean not increase by that amount? Because the left have been pulling that one for decades.
#feelthebern #bernieforprez
You know he’s backed into a corner when he says illogical things like “We don’t want to hurt Medicare.” even though they want to cut it.
Pack your bags @SenDeanHeller , cutting Medicare, or even trying to, the GOP will be ROUTED for the next few elections.
Keep them honest Bernie.
Not only do Republicans hate Americans and their job they are the #EnemyOfThePeople
We love Medicare, loved we not tax cuts for the rich more.
Greed is an evil disease!
Stop enrolling all these Illegals and Refugees..... that do not need our help.... grown men ....u did this

Wait you mean cut is the same as not getting a raise.  Tell the truth
Trump is attacking healthcare which is typical of the evil GOP. BIGGEST THREAT TO America = GOP
You tell'em Bernie!
Your brain is clay what’s going on? You picked up that cash and now you’re gone. Filler
People have PAID for Medicare for decades via payroll deductions. I've paid it since I was 16 y/o and they're going to take OUR money?
Go get 'em Bernie, call them out!!!
Because...they are paid to lie...Koch $$$
Those Republicans talk the talk but don't walk the walk! Leave Medicare alone we paid for it dont steal from the the Seniors like Me!!!
For all you people who Voted For Chump here you go 
#ERANow
Seniors Unite! We the baby-boomers can defeat this. And we do not need a multi-billion dollar wall!
Bernie needs to explain why he isn't on Medicare
Mr Sanders you could be Americans JEREMY CORBYN 
Take it out of defense budget lol
Go Bernie! Keep fighting for the working people!
Bernie must stop screaming his talking points ! Hard to listen even in Schumer RV!
In Canada they have the best health care. You should be able to do the same.!!payback on gov. air fair from employees fake flights.
It only needs three votes to fail.... McCain should be an automatic "no"!!!
#WTFGOP
Thank you So very much Bernie for representing us so powerfully and eloquently. 
Thank you for always fighting the good fight Senator.
You go Bernie!!!!!
Why is he the only one who will fight them?
Someone has to pay for the Trump family lifestyle and private jets for the administration.

We pay all our lives into Medicare so we're covered at 65. Changing it is defrauding Americans. We already paid for it; it's ours. Period.
They don't want to HURT it they want to kill it.
All wrong
Your single payer wouldn't help either. Older folks are no longer worth the investment as their use to society has expired. Talk out both sides of your mouth much?
Hey Bernie just let them keep Obama care it will be just fine
@lajacks13 #remove waste,make more efficient process, stop putting political appointees in place w/no expertise. No cuts needed!
Private healthcare owned and run and profited from the 1%. They ain't gonna save your poor sad with good free healthcare or affordable.
Theg don't work that hard to kill us to give us healthcare. Right wing global policy. They get richer poor just die.
They lie and many people believe them
Because they are liars.  Ask youself:  when do we EVER hear anything that resembles truth from Trump or GOP?
THANK GOD FOR BERNIE AND HIS PASSION FOR TRUTH AND ..WHICH HE TELLS BETTER THAN ANYBODY!!!
 USA is Failed & broken Country=In Europe; NOBODY respect Discredited USA Regime or_Kissinger Land-. (USA is laughing stock)!
Because they need 10 billion for that stupid wall.
will it hurt Americans more than Obamacare did? Go back to peddling eHarmony you hack
OMG you fried him Bernie!
@Heretic_Soul @Mangel2020
CORPORATISM PAYS
Let me guess...over the next ten years and not in real dollars but pretend "what we would have spent" dollars.
This is like when your sibling keeps putting their hand in your face saying "I'm not touching you" - except here they are slapping your face
Lying, devious SOBs!
More BS from B.S.
Communist cadger move to the EU!!
again not a cut, it is a cut in projected budget increase.
Healthcare system is not efficient and is surely NOT efficient under his plan.
Give'em hell @SenSanders !!!
Crazy
Why is medicare cuts used to help reduce taxes, I paid for that out of my compensation for 45 years and have never used it. Social security?
Where are our candidates?!? We need to move forward. This noisey agenda isn't helping!
See folks, Libs/Dems want to continue the exponential growth of Medcaid/care to keep poor dependent on Gov't and ultimately for votes.
"Then why does budget cut it by 473bn?" See Bern, the US is 20+tril in debt. And 473 is what it NOT going to grow to over next what 20 yrs?
Wow, he's so forceful! I mean, the fine details he provides and not just generalities is inspiring!Watch the actual hearing, w/o editing!
They meant they don't want to hurt their Donors with Medicare . They just got confused.
Keep fighting for what right Bernie
I think what they're saying is "we don't want to hurt Medicare but we have to to keep our dark masters pleased."
0ct. 6th, 2017, @SenSanders,  I do BELIEVE I'm  agree with again. The Bernie Sanders Amendment seems to be the ONE.☻
Democrats are losing their minds because the Republicans are playing the same game they did years ago
We must demand a single payer system this is our country the gov is wasting our money they don't even pay part retirement like everyone does
Stop our governments free ride and tax manipulation to line their pockets let's even the scales their greed is so bad we now see the SCAM!
Give it a rest bernie! The bill isn’t even written yet! You hypocrite! Pay back you bank loans you fraudulent cheat!
This man should've been our President. He actually gives a shit.
It's because the states will handle the bulk of plans instead of the Federal Government thereby decreasing the FEDs liability.
This will go a long way to help lowering our deficit. You cannot keep giving people entitlements they don't deserve.
Big dumb government is Bernies rule
It's called responsibility.  Why have the democrats squandered social security?
Not thrilled that @SenJohnKennedy is advocating for corporations instead of constituents.
The greedy Dr's, and insurance companies must be brought into control.  Drugs should NOT cost more in America than in Canada!
Honestly it makes no sense......
I thought there were 48 #Democratic senators. Why does @SenSanders seem to be the only one who is fighting #Trump vigorously?
The. Only reason is he is a crusader and fighter others or not
We can not cut Medicare, and the seniors are suffering enough, my hospital bills are going to make me homeless. We can't afford apartments.
Universal Heath Care for all USA citizens. It’s a matter of decency and a humans right! Wake up USA!

it doesn't take away any money in the current budget.... it takes away the bullshit raises to the budget
Cause they don't want Medicare to become the single payer system YOU want it to be. #fn
Love you Bernie!!  Keep fighting and speaking the truth.   We're with you.
Were you upset when Obama cut it by $500bln to fund O-Care?
"We don't *want* to hurt it.... but we will / we have to."
The choice is stark . Cut Medicare and Medicaid or not. Or put it on the deficit . And the debt . It's the same difference.  000
You call to lessen military aid to Israel while calling for closer US ties with Iran which threatens to destroy US and Israel
Do you have the mentality that you MUST post something bashing the president everyday? I think it's stupid no matter whose side you're on.
You call for US to forge deeper ties with Iran whose regime calls for destroying America and Israel. How can you say u love US and Israel
How can you advocate for lessening relations with pro- US Saudi Arabia, and call for closer ties with America and Israel hating Iran
I am perpetually shocked that someone at your age, let alone being a Senator, can be wrong time and time again.
Republicans remind me of King Geo in play Hamilton: "I'll kill you to show my love for you!" Keep fighting for us!
