This is what Paul Ryan and the GOP want. Cut government to give the rich tax breaks.
Which is smart and why we voted Republican.
Trump is depending on job growth to occur due to tax breaks. Historical data shows this does not work. That is not smart.
It worked in the 80's. Was smart then, is smart now.
It DID? Well… maybe for you. The vast majority are still waiting for the increase in productivity to "trickle-down" to them.
So your answer is to tax everyone into poverty? That way we are all equal.
You can't honestly believe that increased taxes on the 1% will send them in to poverty.
I can honestly believe that increased taxes on the 1% will stunt economic growth and eventually cost jobs.
Shut up Bernie, you're a communist who wants us all standing in bread lines.
Really? Can't you let your hate for Trump go for a fucking day?-- there are dead people to be mourned and buried.
No, don the con gets no slack.Have you seen his budget? His happy tweets about how great the middle East is and next leg of vacay? Fuck him
How come liberals will criticize Trump for saying vile things but won't criticize Islam for doing vile things? Confusing.
And yes, you're confused.  Islam is not the issue.  Extremists are the issue. Your boy just gave SA billions and they're a Muslim majority.
I'm sorry, it appears you can't keep things civil. Have a nice life.
This is very civil.  This Convo was about Don the con.  You brought Islam into it.  That makes you an idiot.  But run away, sheep. Baaaa
I'm going by CBO #'s
The abolition of the Alternative MinimumTax would be morally criminal and fiscally insane
That's a lot more reasonable.
Cmon Bobo.  Don't tell me you think like this fraud.
I'm going by CBO #'s
The abolition of the Alternative MinimumTax would be morally criminal and fiscally insane
Nothing more entertaining than a liberal preaching fiscal sanity.  If CBO #s mattered to gov we wouldn't have a multi trillion $ deficit.
U sure r assuming a lot of what I think while u actually have uno idea what I do.  i'm not locked into any pol prty/ideology as u seem to be
You mean the 1% that provides jobs and incomes to the people taking care of the elderly, children, sick, and poor?
Oh really? Like the medical ceos who get multimillions while the docs might get a quarter mil at best?
You wouldn't mind the 70 Hr weeks ? Life & death decisions, that you could have every bloodsucking TV atty trying to sue you ?
I don't begrudge docs making $$, they work hard, give medical help often for free,
they have spent almost all their lives in school before they go to work and then pay off in school loans and the dreaded malprac ins
What planet are you living on Bernie?  Capitalism is the only thing that raises people out of poverty.  Get an education. #Econ101
In other words deplorable slage.. unregulated capitalism is a cancer that will eventually kill it's host (the economy) - & history repeats
No, unregulated is freedom.  Regulations cause the problems.
You think you can use force against your fellow man.  You are an anathema.
How much of your $1Million $$ did you redistribute? How about your wife bankrupting a college.
You, sir are a communist and should just come out and admit it
#trump and his base respond to this with attacks [fake news!] insults ['libtard!'] and lies.
sames @DannyDeVito & @SenSanders couldn't agree more - UK scandal of #cuts for the many, #taxcuts for the few #forthemanynotthefew #humanity
It is a clear danger that @POTUS wants to cut the security blanket from the poor, sick and disabled. It violates all promised b4 election?
Bernie crawl back into the hole you came out of.
Poor areas throughout the U.S. have been left hung out to dry. Chicago's South Side is a perfect example.
Bernie really!! Be real!!!!
You make it sound like the tax cuts are just for the rich and don't benefit the poor as well.
Disgraceful, yes. Surprising, no. #trumpisatool  #NotMyPresident
Quit hating. Find a way to be productive and help make this country great again.
I'm going by CBO #'s
The abolition of the Alternative MinimumTax would be morally criminal and fiscally insane
Bobo, sadly that's exactly the agenda of this administration and frankly the @GOP as a whole; since they're backing him not the US people.
Felt aprepo under the circumstances, but would rather discuss cryptids rather than political corruption any time. Cryptids worth discussing
Trump in himself is simply a disgrace
Show us he done this instead of saying it
Bernie, those are NOT the facts, as usual you are BULLSHITING
What do you expect from the Devil's Spawn
How is this addressing the point?
Why do we punish success in America, we should strive for equal opportunity not equal outcome
Paying a fair share in taxes is not punishment.
So you are for a flat tax? Everyone pays roughly 20%, Families of 3 making under 50,000 combined are exempt
No, I support the idea of how much you make is directly proportional to the amount you pay in taxes. 20% is still high for even $50k homes.
No it is fair...The progressive tax only seeks to punish the rich for being wealthy and working their tails off
How many actually worked for it and didn't just marry in or inherit the money?
No idea, but assuming that all rich people are evil is just simply wrong..We are stealing money from people just because they have more
Since the 80's they've received tax breaks to redistribute their wealth back into the economy via Trickle Down, and instead did the opposite
ITS TYPICAL! Come on!
Why don't you ever talk about the military budget......
I don't know many elderly, sick, or children who provide as many opportunities as a wealthy 1 percenter.
Right because under a Sanders America..ALL of us would be making $8/hr...except YOU and your rouge govt!
A constitutional amendment to ban corporate personhood would forfeit Corporation rights under an LLC if putting $ in politics. 2 of 2
Why not call for a state convention to ban corporate personhood? That will address the corporatocracy stranglehold on our nation! 1 of 2
Its called neoliberalism, a failed ideology that the two cheeks of the same arse party system has followed for years.
who are you again, Mr. Flash in the pan?
He's a disgrace! I've never been so ashamed of this country....or realized how horribly racist this country still is. UNACCEPTABLE
You're in the senate, do something
Just love how the "big Dems" like Bernie vomit up a 1-liner like this to try to catch a lame mind to try to add it to their vote prospects!
They fear all that is good and from God.
Libs see good winning over evil so the fury is unleashed. That's what has been exploding from libs since Trump ANNOUNCED!  They knew 2 fear!
Liberals need to be deprogrammed from Obama's make America weak and poor doctrine!
Thing to say - which only verifies to the people you're crooked.
Propaganda!  Hillary and Obama are the definition of a disgrace. All you libs do is criticize EVERY single thing and never have 1 positive..
Response...?
WikiLeaks - Clinton Email -
Bernie / Stein Campaigns  WERE FRAUD.
Funded by Soros / Clinton
To make Clinton LOOK MODERATE
right
Response...?
WikiLeaks - Clinton Email -
Bernie / Stein Campaigns  WERE FRAUD.
Funded by Soros / Clinton
To make Clinton LOOK MODERATE
right
Response...?
WikiLeaks - Clinton Email -
Bernie / Stein Campaigns  WERE FRAUD.
Funded by Soros / Clinton
To make Clinton LOOK MODERATE
right
Sounds exactly like Theresa May
Sorry to hear Greg Allman passed away today.
you are right on again @BernieSanders
The only reason he ran for president was to make more money.
Go away Bernie!! You let Hillary trick you out of your presidency!! You are a socialist weakling! Glad we don't have you or that witch!
Are the elderly, children, sick, or poor employing Americans? #nomorewelfarestate
You should reject the tax cut he gave you then and pay more money. #hypocrite #seethrough #moron #fake #dowhatisaynotwhatido
http://nypost.com/2017/04/28/feds-investigated-college-once-run-by-bernie-sanders-wife/ … Maybe the Missus can use the tax break.
Senator  Trump agenda is always been for his agenda not the american people i would not beleive any thing he says he is a liar and cheat
Straight outta socialism
Amen to that. We are experiencing the exact same thing here in Britain.
You're a liar and you're totally irrelevant
This must be stopped!
You shouldn't have quit. But i bet the new house is super nice
trickle down effect. Ronald Reaganesque.
Stop lying Bernie
This is not my America.  Great countries take care of the people who need help the most. Greedy people never have enough.
As my earthy Aunt Aggie would say : " they need to fill thier balls " .
Says the guy barely paying taxes with his 3 houses. Shut the fuck up you old clown.
Won't pass! WWIII would start in America against the WH and Congress!
Politics is nothing but a game of society. America is not stupid. The 1% design and shape this country as they wish. A pure movie script.
His cruelty is beyond words.
Disgrace doesn't even come close
You were to weak to defeat Hillary. You know she had her hand in the cookie jar.
Congress, you know your job, are the people that decide cuts and breaks. No wonder you lost to a schlub.
TERM LIMITS FLAT TAXES 1 ASSISTANT TO A SENATOR
He doesn't care about other people
Bernie can you please say that one more time!
#but but but they create jobs!" - Sucker #conservatives
And it's gonna get worse.
Well put!
Yeah, but he's not the one that rolled over and let Hillary walk over him into the election. YOU failed us, Mr Sanders. YOU did.
Social Class Triage in action.
trump is a disgrace
Well, he's a disgraceful kind of guy. They kind of go hand in hand.
No, it's a shame half this country abuses it and takes money from the people who earned it. #gotrump
Capitalism at work bruv,  the only way to amass a truly massive fortune is to exploit the proletariat.
If so sickening to know that the government doesn't think the rest of the civilization in our country know anything of what's going on
I don't disagree I agree that he would do it people are not dumb
Continuing for a lot of deaths like bombings and such suicide bombings and such
The government thinks the regular citizens are dumb well there are a lot of people out there but no the government is responsible
A lot of people are going to die because they rely on the Social Security in that Healthcare
Also if he remains an office and he goes through with all this stuff about social security and ObamaCare a lot of people are going to die
By the time Trump is done women probably won't have any more rights for anything
I can't believe there are a lot of people out there who really  listen to him
Also Imagine That he's doing all this tax-cutting but the man don't pay taxes himself now that's f***** up
That's because it's taking away from his stuff God forbid he doesn't have a million-dollar plate of food for dinner
That is capitalism
Is it any surprise?  The @GOP wants all of the wealth to be held by very few.  It makes it easier to get your campaign contributions/bribes.
Must've gotten the idea from Theresa May. She's been getting away with for years 
You got anyone else to talk about?? You must be in love with #trump as much as you talk about him. Thanks for keeping his name in ur tweets
More than a disgrace. It's criminal &  inhumane. We gonna sit back while this admin destroys lives / environment or we gonna #DRIVETHEMOUT
What did you think he was gonna do?
He's a fascist! That's it. Sooner we see this, the sooner we confront it w/ the opposition it deserves #NOFASCISTUSA
It's easy for him to do because he's freaking evil.
Yup
Hey Bernie isn't the senate that has the final say over tax cuts ?
It's a disgrace to every hard working American. We have worked so hard to come from a place he trying to put us back in. We can't let him.
I think you should pay more too. Your appalling tax rate you acutually paid is egg on your face. Hypocrite. Fear rhetoric is NOT a solution.
Great let D poor learn D hard way 4 keep voting 4 GOP I m sick n tired of them voting 4 GOP @EricaJong @MMFlint @mcuban @ananavarro @CNN
Give us your communist  view on the situation Bernie ...
Yeah well it's going to hurt the vote bank that voted him in. He basically conned them
Two words! SHUT UP!
BUT THE 1%! TAX THEM ALL! IF IT MOVES TAX IT, IF IT DOESN'T TAX IT ANYWAY! CLEARANCE: ALL JOBS MUST GO! Lunitic!
It's a shame you do not work in the private sector, and have 3 houses
Yes, but I LOVE how he stands for the neglected and downtrodden (in other words the other 98%).
That's a sick misrepresentation and you know it. Democrats ALWAYS do this when Americans work to balance the budget.
It's a disgrace, not a surprise
Once hated always hated irrespective. let Trump try his ideas like any other american president did
Yawn
Is disgrace the same as benghazi investigations
The rich get richer.  Imagine how much $ DJT will skin from that Saudi arms deal? Already $100M for Ivanka the girl shill
calm the hell down bernard, give up your houses and sports cars to feed your illegals before asking me to spend more cash
And Education!
It shouldn't be acceptable to anyone in this land, that our leaders enrich themselves thru actions which knowingly create misery for others.
If only there were elected people we pay to STOP HIM
It sounds like treason may and trump are in it together ...
bernie go away, no one cares what you say!!  Sellout!!
Democracy gotta love it
Yet people keep voting for it! Same in U.K., Tories leading the polls, unbelievable!
Dude, shut up
Well hopefully you can chip in more than 13.5% this time around. Maybe sell a home or two and give proceeds to the treasury.
" my back hurts I can't work pay for me to live" I know an old woman with two strokes still working to support herself get a life 
It's a disgrace that Bernie Sanders consorts with anti-Semitic terror supporter Linda Sarsour.
*tweet posted within 3rd mansion paid for by Hillary Clinton*
Sounds like Theresa May
I agree with you but how's that 3rd house coming along?
@DannyDeVito Welp, this is a conservatives wet dream, so....
Distribute US poverty and healthcare approach all over the world ?
What's the justification of this to help the majority?
IMPEACHMENT! What you're waiting for?
I really like ur comments
We the people have more power than our government and were letting this happen?!America you need to wake up from this nightmare and end this
A disgrace, but not a surprise.
Disgrace yes, surprise no.
@AngieinWAState So fight w/ action, not just words. Block. Obstruct. Educate. Use every procedure U have left. #resist
But it's not a surprise.

Thx for fighting for the right things. Kill corruption & dirty lobbying. We deserve safe food, health & environment.
#SandersPresident
The Tories have been doing this in the UK for years.
No war but the class war
You forgot "Women" in your democrat talking points. So typical of Libtard worshippers to go down this path with budget talks @SenSanders
You Americans had your chance- instead of Bernie you got in the position of picking between crooked Hilary and pathological liar Trump. Sad
Take money from the rich is not a thriving position. Bernie was not a choice.
Please read or talk to Sam Vaknin. He will help you to understand.
Hey Bern sell your houses and give the money to the people you care so much about.
#ZenRU a man ain't happy - 'til no naked refugees - in churches' closets  D F J  5/22/17  #Zen #koan #senryu #micropoetry #haiku #DumpTrump
start your own political party
Basically on par with our @Conservatives government. Despicable really.
How about people get jobs and work? What a crazy idea!
Bernie when are you going to speak up about Seth Rich???  He was a supporter and working for you???
Being an American has never been more embarrassing than ever. The Trump administration is going to bring America down, and I'm saddened.
This is what Trump supporters voted for and when they wake up they will finally realize the truth
That is a disgrace but are you just mad that your not the president and can't make the good decisions the Americans need.
U just want to keep ppl in chains! Ppl need 2 make their own way! Ask not wht the Country can do for u but wht  u can do for ur Country!MAGA
Does not acknowledge humanity as anything but income for his lavish lifestyle along with Russian funding
Thats Trump. in Argentina, we have his equivalent counterpart. Mauricio Macri, regarded as one  most corrupt leaders. Trump friend btw
