Unfortunately. trump set the tone for the nation, he has divided our nation, he promotes violence, and hatred. These are the consequences.
Then check your supporters....
You called for violence. You TOLD your supporters to go out and commit violence against Repubs. You got what you asked for
You are the same as terrorists
You support and encourage violence for *political purposes
Totally devoid of all humanity
Bernie speaks out right away. Trump still says nothing about hate crimes perpetuated in his name. (Portland)
Bottom line. America needs more folks who identify as Americans and less that identify as Republican and Democrat. This debate never happens
Tell us more about how US police never manhandle protesters or use tear gas.
Reading comprehension fail.I'm not defending it at all. It's horrible in Venezuela AND the US.Stop pretending that the US does better though
ROTFL...I'd like to see you in a communist country like my family used to live in. YOU HAVE NO clue. America would be heaven in comparison.

Bernie never encouraged gun violence it's not his fault
What do you think "revolution" means?  It always involves armed violence, like when he praised Castro's communist revolution in Cuba
Civil rights movement was called a revolution for African Americans. Revolutions don't have to be violent
Now you're just communists.
this is where all the hate has gotten us - it's disgusting
Will you speak out against your followers harassing their opponents?
He just did
#BERNIE2020

Yes because encouraging people to get more involved in the political process is his way of telling people to do violence
Sounds like it to me...
If you honestly take away from that "oh he wants people to do violence" you are a silly person that can't be taken seriously.
Don't worry... I take you violent leftists seriously.
Totally right Bernie, but this isnt utopia. Ppl under tremendous pressure n TONS of violence out there! I deal w it everyday. MOC part of it
This is what happens when you call for a socialist revolution, your supporters throw chairs, and send death threats to superdelegates.
You got evidence a single chair was thrown??
No he doesn't, cause it didn't happen
UC Berkeley riots it happened
Well, I was talking about the chair thing
Then why did it take shooting at Republicans before you decided to act, Bernie? Why not day after elections, hmmm?
And yet your tweets inspire the far left to violence with your false generalizations about conservatives. You groom this type of nut job.
Is the bible for stopping a bullet?
Fue tu culpa.
why are so many of your supporters violent? Like SOOO MANY.
Why are you SUUUUCH a twatwaffle?  Like SUUUUUCH one.
name calling doesn't bother me, at all. In fact, I will protect your freedom of speech. Keep at it.
It's easy!  Twatwaffle twatwaffle twatwaffle kitty. It doesn't make you a martyr, by the way.
You can stop apologizing now. His actions had nothing to do with you. Crazy is crazy.
Fascinating, would you have said the same had it been a trump volunteer?
Bernie didn't tell his supporters to punch protesters at his rallies.
you are sickened?  nehh you are not sicken.. you are sick.
When has Senator Sanders ever encouraged political violence or domestic terrorism?
You didn't answer the question
Bernie you, democrats & media have incited hatred toward President Trump and ignored antifa rioting since 11-8-2016. Now it's out of control
Trump has encouraged hatred with his divisive rhetoric, which I'm not sure that he even believes.
Trump paid mentally ill to start fights at dem rallies? Trump called for blood on the streets? Trump called for overthrow of elected gov? no
And if you aren't a rich white male he has no use for you
You're obviously thinking of the Clintons. Or did Trump get rich off a career in "public service"? Pay for play, selling military secrets
Trump with a $500 billion guided missile deal with Saudi Arabia.
It's 100 billion, and do you think that goes to Pres Trump personally? It doesn't, but when Bill Clinton sold Chinese missile tech it did.
The small arms deal is $100B, the guided missile deal (announced yesterday) is $500B. You gonna tell me about HRC's uranium deal now?
We don't blame you.  You have a long track record of standing up for what you believe in.  Violence has never been one of those things.
Sure Phony Bernie! You have created such opposition for our president that people become radicalized! U are an evil old man!! UnAmerican
You are partly responsible for this Bernie! Constantly spewing hate across this country! Words have consequences. The blood is on your hands
This "Violence of any kind is unacceptable..." is also incorrect. Sometimes violence is the only acceptable response to violence.
No need to apologize, several mass shootings don't even make the US mainstream news unless it effects..."important" people...
One word wow
Yet you excoriated a Trump nominee for a position unconstitutionally and you say your prayers are for the victims, who you praying to bigot!
Thank you for taking swift action to condemn this awful act. We know this man doesn't represent you!  We love you Bernie! #Bernie2020
Does that also mean anifta doesn't represent you and your agenda?
Anifta isn't a thing. If you're gonna try and troll, get your terms right 
It's Antifa, not Anifta 
But yes, I'm the dumb one for knowing that 
And stop using emoji's, childish
Ok Mr. Outlet
@SenSanders your words are as empty as your heart! Save it Bernie!! We know your behindthe globalists, you have massive wealth u don't share
Trumpers don't do this that's why. We're too busy @ work providing for our families
how u tweetin at work with the rest of us fam
dems can't do the same? :o or we all unemployed?
THE SHOOTER TODAY WAS ONE OF YOUR SUPPORTERS AND VOLUNTEERS,YOUR RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS BECAUSE YOU INCITE HATE AND VIOLENCE AND SAY TO YOUR
When did he incite violence?
You're culpable along with leftist media and Hollywood with your endless oppressive smears of R's for political gain.
Needs to be a #CongressionalzHearing on @SenSanders collusion with the shooter. Wit possible ties wit @AGLynch
What you think Sanders hired a guy to shoot at GOP? That's just nutty.
You aware of the tax dollars wasted on the TrumpCollusion ?This is Bernie's chance to cash in on his collusion, if he's innocent
I thought we were talking about the shooting. Not the Russia investigation. Guess I got confused.
Both are or should be collusion investigations.
Umm...what did Bernie allegedly collude on again?
isn't trump a rich millionaire
One of the poorest members of Congress, but no doubt comfortable. Do u always demonize $, or only when earned through yrs of public service?
Bernie is amongst the least wealthy members in the senate
But he made 1% money last year. I wonder if he "paid his fair share" which comrade sanders said is, what, 90 percent? Doubtful.
And where are your tweets condemning all the right wing shooters, hypocrite. but let's let the Republicans keep arming the mentally ill.
Are you owning all the right wing attacks?
Give proof of a right wing attack that has happened recently. I'll wait.
Dylan Roof.
Yes it is, he was a right wing white supremacist, with mental health issues obviously, now admit you're a coward to facts and move along.
We stand with you @BernieSanders.
Put on a shirt.
Is he wearing pants?
An EXCELLENT question that fills me with dread. But that one nipple's like a freaking milk dud. Ugh.
That's a pic of a liberal geniuses.
And THAT'S a pic depicting how tiny your dick actually is.
Did your birth certificate come with an apology letter from the condom factory.
Tweets ending in -B are from Bernie, and all others are from a staffer.
You're as guilty as he is. Portland stabber,Virginia shooter,Reality Winner...all on your conscience now you old fool. You should be ashamed
Empty words comrade! This wacko was a fund raiser for you, last week the NSA leaker Reality Winner was a Bernie advocate! Seriously???

"political revolution" there's context there,it's not like he called for a coup. reading comp not a strong suit?
Homegrown terrorist, where we should deport them? At least we pay for their outstanding  insurance health care cover so they can be treated.
the shooter died from his injuries. so sad 
guy goes on shooting rampage to murder political opposition, you are sad he dies...fucking unbelievable
This is Trump fault also, he incited to violence also.  "I will pay their legal fees" "I can shoot anyone and I won't loose votes"
every human death is a tragedy. I see no merit in assigning blame to others either
You see no merit in telling people who spout vengeful rhetoric to tone it down.  You dont think propaganda and indoctrination has an effect?
if anything it isn't trump or sanders at fault but the media for continuing with the narrative of "treason" with no factual evidence.
I think the politicians have responsibility for what they say, but agree most of the hysteria lies with the MSM.
Your lies have consequences! #WordsMatter
I don't understand. What did he say or lie about that encouraged violence?
Millions will die if ACA is repealed & replaced, the planet will be destroyed because the US got out of the Paris accord....Pure Libtard BS!
@SenSanders is NOT sickened by this shooting HE helped create w/his HATE SPEECH 4 days b4 shooting! #StopTheHate
And Cursing Christians a few days before that.
Bernie Sanders, have you noticed that the political terrorism in America comes from your voters? They embrace violence over democracy. Why?
This is one person. What about planned parenthood shooters? Are those Bernie supporters, or is that just not political terrorism?
He was mad at his GF that worked there, politics were not involved... I thought anyway idk
There have been several planned parenthood shootings
So, you're implying the Dem left violence is justified as payback?
When did I say anything of the sort? I was saying that you were wrong in claiming political violence only comes from Bernie supporters
Yet another mass murder by a white christian. Why won't you say White Christian Extremist Terrorism, Mr Sanders?
If the shooter were a muslim the words Islamic Terrorism would be on every Twitter feed. A christian murders a bunch of people and.. nothing
Whether or not his faith is relevant to the attack it's a metric that can't be ignored. christians are killing for more often than muslims
christians are indeed killing in the name of christ. The current genocide in the CAR, prior to that the genocide in the Balkans.
You have blood on your hands for every one of these recent shootings by your demented followers. You needed to denounce violence a YEAR ago.

In 2011, Bernie Sanders fundraised by blaming right wing/Sarah Palin for the Gabby Giffords shooting 
You should be
Unbelievable! YOU told millions to TAKE ACTION. Well, Bernie, this guy did...and YOU'VE been encouraging this stuff. Happy now? You own it!
this guy was radicalized by your extreme socialistic views. He felt compelled to act on them. Look in the mirror sir before you speak.
Now you know what you say matters but no democrat pays attention till someone gets hurt...
Longest serving senator: please retire.  You are an angry old man.  Your negative rhetoric has contributed to the problem.
It's your fault and the Left's fault that this and other attacks are happening. If you don't unite with the country...get out!!!
And yet you call for Republicans to denounce hateful rhetoric coming from the right? This is on the left and you Bernie.... own it.
Thank you for always being forthcoming and speaking up in a positive way. More politicians should share your values and practices.
Then BAN DAIRY unless you believe that rape is not violent.
It's Deplorable
Meanwhile @SenSanders spits on the graves of #SethRich & #ShawnLucas who were murdered fighting HRC & DNC election fraud for him.
the you and your kind need to stop showing up and causing problem, your side has caused far mike violence than trumps... by far
I am sickened by YOU sir. 3 Houses, Million dollar paydays a year and now since you sold out and owe Hillary you didn't calm your voters.
Too bad he waited to say it till After someone was shot Becuz of it
I call Bullshit response. It's crystal clear that's for sure. This is yours and your supporters to own.
U blamed @SarahPalinUSA for the Gifford shooting, shouldn't U take blame for this with your comments about resistance & permanent revolution
@CNN @foxandfriends U in Congress have a unique chance to embrace this attack on 1 of Ur Own, for what it Truly is...a "Teaching Moment."
I still believe Bernie would've been an excellent president.
Interesting....first rock thrown. How long till we're eating the rich? Ju
You condemned "ultra right wing political rhetoric" in 2011 yet tread lightly with your own party & left wing MSM.
This is late in coming.The #LiberalCaliphate has agitated & instigated their followers as violence toward @realDonaldTrump &his staff rises.
Bernie...still and always our last best hope
Burn-eeee just sickened his drone didn't kill Republicans. Sad sad Burn-eeee.
Now your upset because people got hurt, but what about all your followers that threaten life and attacks on REPUBLICANS
Arizona stabbing and Alexandria shooting. Both Bernie bros ,both crazy .Appears to be a pattern..
You better be sorry...
Yet your constant rhetoric about people being like Nazis and trump going to ruin the world didn't play a part huh? Your to blame! #communist
The shooting is a sign of political polarization ever since 2016. We need to be open with the opposite side to prevent another shooting.
Gun control, gun control, gun control...
I'm sure you are. Nobody feels the burn!
thank you for your excellent example.  Sorry the Earth 1 James Woods refuses to acknowledge it.
You and your socialistic, communistic, welfare minded, lazy followers are disgusting. This is not welfare USA like you want the masses to be
You must be held accountable for what happened
You are sickened??!! You are the very one promoting and encouraging the hate and the violence. Keep protesting and rioting you say!!
Do it again
Keep saying it 
Believe it 
Let the people know 
Don't stop 
#betheman 
COUNTRY OVER PARTY
Will you be fundraising off this as you did post-Giffords?
But it's okay to bomb OTHER societies? Got it.
Yeah right Bernie we believe you like we believe hillary
bern he was typical of your supporters ........
Just wanted to say as a conservative I don't agree with you but I don't believe you have any fault.  Some folks are just nuts.
And then he talks about sharing the wealth while he's no different than any other politician
Is there a certain instance you're referring to?
I feel it will be pointless to explain to you
I appall the violence and I am very fearful that this will continue if the American people are treated as inhuman political pawns.
Very well said Senator Sanders. I am so sorry to hear about this. May God be with all involved.
Your people need to get their act together and quit this crap Bernie Sanders. The guy on the train that stabbed two people was yours too
It's not unacceptable when your protecting your family or defending yourself when under physical attack. Violent antifa/commies will lose
YOU CONDEMN THE ACTION?....WHY DON'T YOU CONDEMN LEFT WING POLITICAL VIOLENCE & ANARCHY TOWARDS TRUMP & SUPPORTERS ??
Well you should have been preaching this during the violent riots in Oregon and Berkeley shame on you
YOU ARE A RAGE FILLED MAN BERNIE SANDERS, WHO LIED ABOUT SOCIALIST REALITIES. You'd were fomenting that hatred all.along, so cut the crap.
The political process is our answer, not violence.  We are with you Bernie, and you with us.  ONWARD! Because we said it first.
You and Killery created it. You let hate and intolerance go on. You should be so proud. #socialismkills
Bernie It was one of your minions who did the shooting and you're sickened by it. How typical of Progressives.>
If a Trumper or a Republican did the shooting the News Media and the Progressive Democrats would be having a field day with it
TERM LIMITS 
So if I don't pay taxes you will protect me from the men with guns that come after me?
Shocked? Your campaign promotes violence by inspiring identity politics, and classist rehtoric. Reap and sow. Try unifying. Not instigating.
Yeah next time it could be you
So who's next on the hit list Bernie boy
This murdered was a "free stuff" guy.Preached the same message u preached...they beat Trump supporters and you said 0 ...tell them resist!!
Y'all so weak you have to push the press to brainwash the people and pressure Trump admin, now blood is on y'all hands.
You'll never wash the blood off your hands.Those of your ilk,socialist, are responsible for this, through & through. #LibtardsBeingLibtards
Bernie, Bernie, bernie...you need a snickers!
Way to speak from the heart as you read from cue cards.
You join other socialist who have condemned violence. Castro, Maduro, Chavez, Mao, Stalin, Lenin, OWS, Antifa, Obama.
Luv ya Bernie. You're the voice of reason. I'm appalled by the violence and the twisted mindset of the many tweets listed below.
YOU and the mean hateful things you spew every day from your FB and tweeter accounts caused this violence. STOP the hate.
It is your responsibility to rein in your crazies. The left is out of control.
Why? You and your loving sweet liberals kept calling for it!! You suck!! Never Bernie!! Never liberals??
It's your supporter. Your fault, old man.
bla bla bla, anyone who has campaigned against the Marxist/Liberals knows how violent the are & readily they are to use violence.
.If you are sickened by violence, then you should be condemning every act against Muslim majority civilians that US empire does daily.
Your killer fans have assured #Trump2020
BS Bernie your socialist liberal propaganda is no different from ISIS hate propaganda. Your guilty!
So if USA use Violence War on Iraq on pretext of destroying Mass Weapons of Saddam Hussain? Its acceptable? @wisdomofgandhi @TheOnion
Your supporters, you need to own it and depart office right away.
You are a kind, considerate man and have no responsibility for this indiividual's act of violence. Thank you for speaking about his. Love.
#banberniesupporters. If that would happen, violence would plummet. You're irrelevant and easily bought out. Tweeting from 3rd home?
Will you also condemn my murder? I paid the ultimate price to expose DNC corruption and collusion against your campaign! #HisNameWasSethRich
I'm sorry for the pain you must be feeling, but remember that the actions of this disturbed individual were HIS actions alone.
Too late Bernie. These are your people. You should've been out in front of this months ago.
Bernie Sanders, a rich politician telling poor people that they are poor because of other Rich politicians.
It was your guy, Sanders.
Too bad u called for this. That is actual resistance. Time for your friends to give up and accept he won.
We r all with u @SenSanders.The problem is, #guns r too easy for the #mentallyill 2 obtain! It's not a right/left issue.  It's a #humanissue
You need to stop inciting violence
How a politician SHOULD react when someone commits violence in their name
I'm sickened by your hypocrisy Bernie.
Thank you @SenSanders! You are loved, and respected
Its not your fault Sir!
The blame lays on the shooter not you. We need Gun control laws
Cops and other applicants for fire arms should be monitored during a questionaire on a range of racial and religious and yes now political +
You blamed "Republican rhetoric" for @GabbyGiffords shooting yet you aren't man enough to take blame when you do it? Nice try Grandpa.
When u speak to your supporters, no more personal attack & encourage them to seek new ideas, only taxing rich won't bring us prosperity.
You blamed @GOP when the Congress woman from Arizona was shot. Your #LeftistTerrorism will be stopped.
You should be charged with terrorist threats.
One of your supporters. Not surprised.  Most of the left have come unhinged.  Riots, violence,  vandalism, assault and battery...
A Day Late!
Looks like you got what you wanted, Bernie.
right on.
So why haven't you been denouncing all the violence after election with all the riots & horrible things done & said against Trump & repubs
@BernieSanders being praised for condemning murderer, who was #democrat supporter and campaign worke, and his actions but not the violence
Every day there is a relentless anti-Trump campaign in the media and entertainment industry which serves to radicalize people like this.
As one of the top Democratic leaders, it's time to speak to your leftist democratic socialist activists supporting your call to "resist"
Time your message changes. All Bernie supporters should tone down violence & never represent you when they cover their faces w/masks. Plz!
@EvanTrowbridge Socialism right?
Of course violence is wrong.Cutting health care to the ill is also violence.
Maybe you should tone down the violent rhetoric then.
You and the #Obamagang, incited it
Too late, Mr. Sanders. You should have condemned the violence a long time ago. Shame it took an attack on a colleague before you spoke.
Hypocrit
Unless you're Antifa.
