When climate change is already causing devastating harm, we don't have the moral right to turn our backs on efforts to preserve this planet.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_Frequency_Active_Auroral_Research_Program … no matter what you say I believe this is the cause of our extreme weather problems and Heat
We never had weather like this before with Harvey and Irma it shows there are problems poke a hole in a balloon too many times what happens
D.Trump is the cold shower USA needed to escape the globalization, corruption and politically correct crap
bit of a simpleton are we?
See the difference #MAGA
it will be America that suffers just as much as everybody else when the sea levels rise.
Sea levels rising exponentially due to liberal tears 
The 2016 deluge was unforeseen 
What u think about, u bring about. Try tweetn about what u want2C, not just negative stuff. U R making evry1 give it NRG! LawOfAttraction
Lets get this right buyout Bernie your a Disgrace!!
It's actually the opposite. It shows strong leadership and love of American people.
Without a liveable planet the USA will struggle as much or perhaps more than any country. You can't put a dome over America. So naive.
I mean you're more than welcome to cut a check yourself. My tax money isn't going to change 0.17 degrees over 35 years. #sorrynotsorry #MAGA
Without getting into your questionable figures my question would then be what are you pressuring your government to do then?
Next time win.
make the rest of the world abide by the same rules as us and it works but not til then
Thanks for nothing @SenSanders. All those Bernie Bros & #Bernieorbust folks slagging HRC. Well, we're all well and truly 'busted' now.
How's that unity going for you? #BernieWouldHaveWon #BernieSanders2020 #FeelTheBern #DemExit #Revolution #ResistTheOligarchy
Yes, how's the reality of a Trump Presidency going for everyone. Not very well....
And you think insulting anyone who does not share your voting preferences is going to help you win in 2020? This is America, a democracy.
How can pointing to the outcome, the factual consequences of those voting preferences be regarded as an insult? 
It's just accountability.
It is none of your business who somebody voted for, and HRC still would have lost even with third party votes. A lot of ppl did not vote.
Climate everyone's business. And check margins in key states. If all the Greens & 'progressives' hadn't wasted their votes HRC in. Not
We did not have to vote for a corporate whore or an orange buffoon. That is our right. We all know #BernieWouldHaveWon
Decisions like this make it even clearer that he listens to no one
Decisions like this show that he listens to us the American citizens and tax payers. Withdrawing from this bad agreement saves us billions!
Well unfortunately for that argument the majority of Americans support the Paris agreement including 48% of Trump voters
I doubt 48% of Trump voters supports this, show the statistic from a valid source please.
I do
Are you a Trump supporter ?
Yes
I support his decision to withdraw. I'm not for progressivism, identity politics or globalism. I'm for Americanism 
So... What do we do next?
Get involved. Do whatever it takes to flip congress
That's all I ever do. I need to do something more. We all should be doing something more.
How about supporting your @POTUS ?what a novel concept.Ho about accepting the fact that we need to take care of US 1st is important?
Did you support President Obama? Probably not. How is not taking care of our environment not taking care of the US, and putting it first?
And yet all who like your comment? Dont bother to read rebuttal If you 'hate' the way things are going here? Please exercise right to leave
Did you leave when Obama was in power?
I don't hate a lot of people but Donald Trump has to go. He's destroying this country in front of our very eyes. He's not creating more jobs
Bullshit every factory in town is hiring here.
So theyve increased productivity so much (cuz DT) that they're now hiring by the thousands? Get the fck out of here!
A man doesn't wave his presidential septor and create 1000s of jobs just cause he was elected president. But a man could take credit for it.
With the policies he is speaking of implementing, it's caused stock to go up so much, causes a huge increase in supply and demand.
Stock prices have nothing to do with supply and demand. They are based on shareholder profit projections and confidence in leadership.
And profitability based on lax environmental protection is definitely good for the 1%. Some of us prefer to have clean water and air forever
We can use coal now with up to 99.9% no emissions. Youve heard Sweden burns trash for energy.  100% clean.  Seems like progression to me.
For the Trump voters:
ab·di·ca·tion
1. an act of abdicating or renouncing the throne.
2. failure to fulfill a responsibility or duty.
actually fulfillment of duty to country, then you're incapable of comprehending basic geopolitics;unless of course,you're a #GLOBALIST.(2/2)
Sure
Judging by your response, U probably only understand a fraction of what Zac can. (I could really give a shit about a "Canadian" has to say).
While Trudeau invites more terrorists into Canada Zac worries about weather & wants another ice age & extintion of humans for planet  Lol
#triggered
The amount (or the serious LACK thereof) of intelligence from these Canucks is most certainly astounding 
Wait doesn't Canada have one of the top education systems in the world, and America is far below many first world countries?
Oh uncle Bernie! America lost that leadership the day it voted for Trump. Cry America ! Cry !
reading the comments... heart breaking.
I'm a Dem and I would have voted for you if you had won, but the Bernie or bust supporters have some blame in this.
He's helping to save the West. We don't want our economies ruined while we get forced into reservation camps. We've read Agenda 21.
American leader should lead not only the American people but the people of this world.
#IMPEACH the clown aka @realDonaldTrump. This American is fed up with him and his thugs.
Please move to Venezuala, Bernie...they have the socialist regime you're looking for.
Maybe this is the only way to make America smaller again !
The agreement was a disgrace. Please stop tweeting political comments and stick to snow pack and activities.
...renewable energy, while Donnie is trying to revive "Let's Make a Deal"
What did people expect from a rich billionaire? Help the poor and their communities!? All this to make more money.
No he's doing what he promised and that's to take care of America first.
Did you pick this up during your speech at Brooklyn College?
So is his entire presidency
40 years of global warming predictions, not one came true. Tell me again how what Trump did was bad?
Climate change is a farce period nothing more than fundraising
Help us, Bernie! Trump is a dangerous lunatic!
I'm ashamed 2 b an American.What have we become. 22 Repos  who take millions from companies destroying the planet used DT 2 do their bidding
You can always leave. It is your freedom to do so. A freedom someone has fought for you #ourmilitary
Don't stand proud about a warmonger society, i live in a country without an army and we are proud that we can talk and discuss in peace.
Throwing money away at bunk "science" is a disgrace.

Bernie #GlobalWarming is a lie of the left and socialists like you.   Focus on a cleaner earth by reducing Toxic poisons from industrys.
of course snowbird supports a snowflake makes a lot of sense pffffft
I'm with #Trump on this one! Wake up people.. Read about the #milestones of 2023 and 2030. Read the #facts about #depopulation and the plan.
protecting us from globalist truly how can u protest if you say your an American stupidest thing next to Iran deal Nafta Obamacare socialism
Bernie help pls
Why not just take the 20 trill and buy everyone in America electric cars?
He has won elections fraudulently with the assistance of Russians and these incompetent President won't even finish his term.
Wrong
Not an argument.
That's democracy for you.
DON'T WORRY BIG MAC IS HERE ! TOUS EN MARCHE  POUR SAUVER LA PLANÈTE  !!!
Raising our debt hundreds of trillions for a maybe in temperature change of .03 of a degree is irresponsible.
Thank you Bernie.
Trump will destroy our democracy if we don't fight his ignorance!
Keep fighting the good fight Bernie! (Intelligent) America is behind you all the way!
Obama's decision to enroll America into an international treaty without Congress' approval was un-Constitutional.
Trump did the right thing.
Take another honeymoon in Moscow @SenSanders. It's nice this time of year. They are selling Trump Matroiska dolls there now, hand painted.
Wrong.
an abdication? really?? Abdicated to who?  How does his withdrawal fail to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the U.S.?
Bernie,. He is just continuing his example of total embarrassment to Americans.
Trump's decision to leave the agreement is within his right to do so, just like many of the other things he has done.
Correction: @realDonaldTrump is the international disgrace...
Right; Americans are so embarrassed by this, but not by the way @UCBerkeley, the media, & American leadership behaves. Get a grip...
It's about time the republicans stopped being politically correct and calls a liar, a liar.
President Trump
And all you can do is tweet about about.
About that about.
Lolol I meant tweet about the nonsense lol my baf
Resign, you are a disaster!
You're mad he saved 6.5 million American jobs? Oh wait I forgot you're a socialist.
Conservative means going back to the stone age step by step!?
Really?

Here's one you certainly can't get out of your mind
No Bernie you're the disgrace
Go to Cuba, there is a job opening.
