7 earthquakes in Oklahoma in 24 hours--no wonder Scott Pruitt wanted to move to DC #fracking http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/08/03/541298754/earthquake-shakes-central-oklahoma-one-of-7-in-28-hours …
Really, stop the scare tactics & give factual data. You threaten our economy with your socialist views. Go to Venezuela
The hot air lies that come out of your mouth contribute more.
But it was Obamas answer. Just like your resignation from the candidacy. He said "You're a crazy potter" I said you have no backbone. #clown
Fracking certainly needs  evaluation of association to more recent earthquakes in unusual places in US where fracking is taking place!
ABSOLUTELY....fracking notNeeded& MUST BE STOPPED B4  KILLING THOUSANDS MORE!SeeHBO SPECIAL "FRACKING" parts 1 & 2.   2010..YOU'll b SHOCKED
it is not fracking that causes earthquakes. It's deep disposal wells for salt water. Definitely does harm water supplies.
You DO realize that wastewater comes from fracking, right?
Do you have links to evidence to back any of that up Bernie? Hydraulic Fracturing is a 50+ year old method. Gas is MUCH better than coal!
Don't ask a socialist for evidence, they now no one did it right before them.
Don't get me wrong, if there's real evidence then there's questions to be answered. Fracking in an area with known faults might well be bad!
These particular earthquakes are probably not fracing related but
God does not like hatred
Where's your proof bankfraudbernie?
Stop scaring the ignorant snowflakes, Bernie. The weather is God's business, not yours, or fake Al Gore.
@billmckibben surrounded by it here in Ohio. It scares the heck out of me.
They have man made Earthquakes in PA now also.
Someone please explain to me why it's legal again.?
Ohh that's right ..
It's all about the $$
http://www.memes4bernie.com/gallery/albums/fracking/ …
Strict regulations on fracking is the key to safe fracking. We need more renewable energy, but aren't prepared to make the total switch yet.
Stopped by Gorgeous Hildene(Historical Lincoln Home) morning gardens great for weddings & Events!
@billmckibben Does anyone really listen to Bernie's rants?
Mr senator instead of twittering do some legislation make a law save the coming generations. Actions are better than words
Far better to buy oil from people who hate us...who are fracking too. Makes perfect sense Senator Stupid.
#MedicareForAll #MedicineWoman #HR676
Exactly!  You tell them bernie!  We Love you! @SenSanders
Wrong, it does not. You're lying
Now your a geologist lol
You are irrelevant. Hush your mouth.
Care to explain the preponderance of evidence and clear correlation between fracking sites and earthquakes?
No you are very Wrong and what do you know about Fracking
Will y'all please just have a beer, maybe a toke, hug someone..anything.
You are fracking crazy .  So I guess you are right frackers like you aren't the answer.
Fracking is probably destabilizing everything from Yellowstone caldera to New Madrid fault. It's insane to ruin water & endanger lives, too.
@billmckibben you are wrong Bernie. Maybe in 2009 but technology has advanced a lot. U have no recent studies to support this.
#BoycottOil
Or they will frack for oil
And arm and bomb for #OilWar
http://www.environmentamerica.org/sites/environment/files/reports/Fracking%20by%20the%20Numbers%20vUS.pdf …
Dude obvy that was just an earthquake that happened "naturally" but when there are "man made" earthquakes that fuck shit up from fracking
So people can make while stimutanously ruining the environment it's fucked up. Can't eat or drink money. But you can wipe your ass with it!
As usual Bernie non scientific liberals making up thing which aren't true.
"Sanders’ senate office, 'improperly pressured People’s United Bank to approve the loan application submitted by the Senator’s wife.'"
Abortions cause major Global Warming, as does Gun Control. Donations to Democrats cause Global Warming!
If you had oil and gas in your state you'd be demanding incentives. Shut up.
How much power do your three home consume? That has to come from somewhere, and solar isn't there yet.
Sir,you are A US Senator,expect you to deal with facts.Earthquakes in Oklahoma did not start just in the fracking era.Swarms in the 50's.
Don't forget that animal agriculture is an environmental disaster too!
NO MORE CRACKING####
fracking profiteers r able to hide the real damage they cause bcuz of loopholes that allow them to hide and suppress the truth
Our aquifer here is perforated with thousands of wells, each of which has only a concrete casing separating the oil from our water. Safe?
Been reading the fake Russia news stories?
Florida is next. I wonder how sand over water will do in an earthquake? I think the Insurance lobbyists need to think this one through.
Ohhh, but that isn't science that is cyclical...riiiiight. Uh huh. My "area" gets 7' snow in 24 HRS & tornados! #severity not frequency
Fracking is literally the safest, cheapest, and most efficient energy source we have in the states. It is so good for us, but you don't care
Give me a fucking break....
Geriatric senator blowhards aren't the answer either.
When they blast water in & make crevices they need to replace empty space with earth to dam & keep it from moving collapse & making craters.
Fracking right! 
You're not the answer either.  Where are your tax returns,  Mr. Transparency?
Rhetoric, pure and simple. Fracking is our energy independence, our revenue stream to help pay for entitlements,renewable energy research. 
Blah blah blah just another crooked self centered politician Fraud Phoney fake charlatan
Go back to bed Bernie
Where did you get your geology degree? The earth does it's own fracking continually. Anybody complaining that the earth is the earth?
@trplback @billmckibben Yes and coal pollutes the air, causing black lungs and cancer.
Grandpa, you left the door open to the barn, do you remember? Come help us get the horses in because it's late
So let's throw people out of means to employment and the ability to get their own insurance so you have a bigger crowd on your side
Sanders 2020
@billmckibben Oh hell yeah, tell that to the people of Flint
so sick of the "man made" climate change hoax
And you think wind,solar they are not ready yet to replace all fossil fuels only OBAMA &CLINTON want it because they own the stocks
Mother Nature has great memory and She is going to pay Her traitors great ticket to the hell.Soo,this is still the same USA-moneymoneymoney.
UR FRACKING GOING 2 JAIL
GUESS COLLEGES BOUGHT  2 HOMES
WHILE U ONLY MAKE 160.000 A YEAR
HOW IS PUBLIC SERVANT  @DNC LIVING IN 3 HOMES 

BYE
We mess with our planet's balance at our peril.
Septic business dumps human waste on field near my house. I think that's a threat to drinking water yet EPA does nothing. Try prioritizing!
Pruitt has contributed to all of these earthquakes happening. I'm tired of OK being the dumping ground for all of poisoned disposal water.
And it's a curse word in the future.
Who cares. These tiny quakes aren't hurting anyone. Quakes happen all over the globe.
$$$ $$$ $$$ $$&
Fracking was developed by someone who felt scared about finding another way of living . It seemed as a good idea , but a horrible outcome
Quakes from fracking have been felt here in NE before, yet people still deny their existence. Sad.
No issues here in Ohio. Good water, no earthquakes, lots of fracking, reasonable priced resources, good paying jobs, DNR involved. 
http://www.arcgis.com/apps/MapSeries/index.html?appid=79933580f2cd4719ac8af04a8e1ace3e … pretty cool map.
Then what is?
Fracking will eventually make Oklahoma uninhabitable
But I'll agree that it isnt the BEST answer for our long term energy needs.
But it HAS given us energy independence
But where are we gonna get the energy for all your mansions?
Bernard you are the man. A scientific genius.  We should crack more in Burlington and CA. I think it will equalize the rising tides.
Committing bank fraud leads to jail time
#DNC alleges earthquakes caused by Russia's new seismic weapon by order of President Putin who later said he was aiming for Hillary Clinton.
Wow, did you strain a muscle? Cause you sure stretched far to make that joke.
Actual proof beyond Hollywood movies would be nice. For ex, even the alarmist EPA says fracking is NOT a danger to drinking water.
Tell that to the people who have water come out their faucets catch on fire.
We spent a night in a hotel in OK recently with uneven floor. Fracking/earthquake?
Thank you.
Alternatives to oil & fuel are the answer. Fracking and drilling up the Arctic are definitely not answers. 
"Only 3% of Earths water is fresh water. Yet we allow Tar Sands & Fracking Corporations to poison Earths fresh water." - Yo-G
"Fracking can cause Quakes." - Yo-G (2014) #BanFracking #WaterIsLife
Make sure they back fill anything they open up under the ground. Some use gravel others use a non-toxic foam product. It's a must do to stop
Fracking must end, if not, the underground reservoirs will get contaminated & that will lead to tens of millions to die. #nowaternolife
I'm here in Oklahoma. Something must change!
Trump is a doofus!!!
It is the use of fuel from the oil that cause the climate change, the same with shale oil as any other oil and "biofuels".
You must like having supporters who are headline driven. This so unfactual w/ no merit. Your staff makes you look like a complete buffoon.
Frack you Berni!
Frack you.
Lying to the America people contributes to crime and violence in the streets. Lying by a Senator is not the answer
Hey fool.
What "climate crisis ".
@billmckibben And strip mining for hybrids is a great practice. Again you are full of nonsense.
Are running your 3 houses on alternative energy Bernie Sanders? ??  Al Gore wannabe.
Fracking sucks but if all dont go green w us what choice do u.s. wrkrs have if we need
We don't have a reasonable energy alternative yet so oil can't be off the table. But I agree about fracking.
The answer is for us to seize all of your assets Bern.
fracking increases Methane gas release... No matter how anyone wants to double talk around it.

Bad bad bad causes earth quakes gas leaks
One more reason to switch to clean power!!  Solar and wind are the future.  Doubt it?  Go see An Inconvenient Sequel now.  #BeInconvenient
Frack off Bernie
This
Yes!!!

No offense @SenSanders but you're not bright enough to realize the data between earthquakes and fracking is shitty at best - no correlation
You and the Democrats with this climate change.  Check how much electricity Al Gore consumed in a  year. Do as I say not as I do, right
Anthropogenic climate change & our world at war: It seems that the causes of both come from the same source. To end either is to end both.
There is little to no evidence supporting that fracking causes earthquakes. Typical Bernie just looking at the surface and misguiding youth.
I live in Oklahoma, you need to do your homework.
Please show me some actual conclusive evidence that supports your claim.
You Bernie are not a scientist nor the. Answer time for you to go and your wife to jail
How about Congress pass a law. No more private jets in U.S. airspace. You may lose some Hollywood donors. What the heck.
How about the fat cats flying in their privates jets living in their 8,000 sq feet homes like Al Gore,does that help climate crisis?
I won't support anti choice liberals. Don't turn your back on women.
@billmckibben @NPR 
Frack you Bernie!
So does carbon dioxide, bombing and all evil forms of warfare
If you cared about the climate you would realize that fracking reduces co2 emissions more than your kumbuya  Paris agreement.
Dear Bernie Sanders, Please admit climate change, aka global warming, is a hoax.
So does cutting down trees for parking lots ,roads or malls so what's your point?
we need a sad button! I agree with Bernie Sanders but I don't like hitting the like button when it is so sad for our planet!
#notthefrackinganswer
But please stay away and spit at someone else when u talk !
As if you care !
How do you know this?? You're a "expert" on everything it seems. Wish I could be this smart, never having a real job
So you have valid data that back up your statements. If you do you should put them out vs making you silly comments.
You need to retire to your free house!
Having issues in suburban Dallas. Loud booms and shaking. Gas drilling is allowed close to residential areas. Lack of concern for citizens.
As long as the economy is strong unemployment is down and our military is strong no one cares about the rest.   Just fix healthcare now
like you are???.......http://www.usdebtclock.org/ 
Fracking is totally the answer
Wasn't enough to be paid off by Hillary,  now you have your nose up Al's ass too? #BankFraudBernie
Yea, more hyperbole without any facts.
Did you ever make it down to Sierra Blanca?
Indeed
And neither are you pops
.@SenSanders and @aedaw9i   maximum damage to environment and subsequently to humans and animals ~ for the profit of so few
Liar!
@billmckibben Oil is problem ,coal and total waste of energy by us we burn up soon
Don't forget it makes dust storms on mars


For God's sake, everyone knows fracking doesn't harm the environment. Its shitty politicians who have no clue how the world works.
Bernie are you a geologist now no just a old age hippie America hater who's never done a real days work in your life.
@billmckibben @NPR no shit Dick Tracy! Some been bitching about this for decades!# scheez
Join the People's Party. We'll force your peers to pledge no big donor money and then we'll self fund you and actually change some things.
No. If you are the answer?  It must have been a really stupid question.
Didn't I hear of a GOP plan to frack Yellowstone? You know, that park resting on a supervolcano overdue for eruption? A real killer?
Can verify! Grew up in the Oklahoma - zero earthquakes. Introduction of fracking changed everything. As if Tornadoes weren't enough...smh.
Yeah! Frak these guys!
Bernie, greed money power too much off the charts that is destroying water land and air. We are pones in a game board and I want an end game
Fracking contributes to the American workers and jobs .
All false propaganda claims
India and China are outwitting our roll in the world and CLEAN ENERGY. THANKS #45 LOSER TROLL LAME DUCK PRESIDENT JOIN THE RESISTANCE  RALLY
Fracking is dangerous just as bad as drilling for oil or natural gas  We MUST STOP treating our planet as if our actions don't matter
10 not 7
Term limits
If the red states what to frack...let them frack.
@GeorgeDunham feel the Bern friend...
