Meanwhile Trump is too busy fighting with the media like a child...
Anyone that speaks out against Putin. I mean trump is a hero
Or, They could be a dick like you and Bernie.
Let trump take care of them
Interesting how raising Medicaid means cuts. Must be common core math.
This is perfect.
Nope just Washington bs. Took me a while to figure that out to. Cause at my house cuts mean less  but in DC cuts mean more money 
Yes let's cater to welfare states and people who refuse to work for a living.  Seems legit.  Welfare states been making Dems for years.
Blue States should stop subsidizing those welfare Red States!
Cry me a river. Were these people crying for those who lost health coverage because of Obamacare?
Replace the Republican disastrous plan with this one:
are you going to reimburse all doctors and nurses for the cost of their education?
nothing changes on the provider side. Still for-profit.
how can it be with the prices you shared? I'm all for figuring out the right solution. I'm just doubtful Congress cares about it.
the prices are out of pocket co-pays. The balance would be reimbursed by the govt. Co-pays just prevent abuse.
gotcha. interesting proposal. thanks for clarifying it for me.

Very sad people don't know what they're saying running a ad. Sick sick peoples
If you would start being truthful with facts, Americans just might listen to you but as long as you perpetuate this false narrative, no way!
Tweak Obama Care and move on
Exactly!  That makes the most sense. But that would not result in billions of dollars for the rich.
Senator Sanders, please explain why you support healthcare monopolies  &price fixing from mega corps!  w/lower prices, fewer need medicaid.
West VA is republican from last I heard.  Burn that coal big time!  put as much CO2 in the air as possible since PLANTS LIVES MATTER too!
Your lying as usual exaggerated stories. For someone who is older you're very immature. Guess because you've lived a protected life
If the Health Care bill can hurt those people then they have set up a dishonest system where they are stealing from others.
The obamaplan makes the insurance affordable, but you have to put 25% or more of your yearly income in it, just to recieve a copay.
It is your energy policy that has devastated West Virginia, Senator.
https://goo.gl/liKUTy  #inners Et si je miawmiaw ma tête sur le côté d'une manière mignonne, ça marche, hein?
They already screwed the coal industry over again
Based on what evidence? Disemination of misinformation.
Bullshit
@BBC Insolvent FRN reps @POTUS, @GOP & @TheDemocrats defunding @PPact? ET is coming to save us all from ourselves.
It's no worse than calling #abortion "health care.
wish u'd people defended #ChristianPersecution just once #FreeAsiaBibi #FreeAndrewBrunson The Voice of the Martrys,com #StopPersecution
Not just WVIRGINA but area like rural poor northern NY thousands on Medicaid and thousands more elderly on Medicare.
A fiend of mine is paying $500 a month for O Care. I asked her, how can regular people pay that?  A low paid lady had to drop O Care-to expe
Devastating like your wife vs disabled people devastating? Or devastating like corruption vs you being president devastating?
I hope when your wife goes to prison, she will be in West Virginia so you can visit her.
You will always have emergency care via hospital walk ins. Then Medicaid picks it up. If you qualify.
Haven't you heard???  Under the Republican bill, Medicaid will be stripped extensively.
http://thecontexts.blogspot.com 
How's that fraud investigation going?
What is disgraceful is embezzling all of the money from a college forcing it to close.....
Really? Even worse than Obummer care? Give us a break!
Government has no business in healthcare to begin with. Repeal it all.
Are free abortions in the constitution?  I know you hate that pesky constitution.
Shouldn't they have health care?  After all, it is mandatory.
Worry about your crooked wife
How much of the money goes to administration. How much is the top administrator being paid. You can get free women's care else where.
How do you know?  Really, how do you know?
These people trust these Republicans. Lambs to slaughtered.
Grow up people! Unless raped! Plan your own parenthood! Why should tax payers pay for somebody to tell you to use a rubber or don't screw!
Americans need to demand universal health care! Dr. Could no longer price gouge and we could afford housing & food.
Good! Defund them!!
Bernie same healthcare for people and politicians if it's such a great bill then it's good enough for politicians
I'm going to ask this to the people in West Virginia....slowly. WHY...DID...YOU...VOTE...FOR...HIM??
How is the toll road money used in West Virginia? It must be substantial and could be helpful.
Stop the lie s
Interesting!  More harm then it's already doing?Millions not currently covered, multiple X's increases, MUCH less coverage no providers???
No argument ACA is broken- fix what's broken don't dump it and make it worse- I think that
The integrity of Bernie Sanders is toppling like the twin towers. It isn't surprising since he supported Clinton.
Bernie, you are such a hypocrite. You got rich spouting class warfare crap
Why should I care about West Virginia they wanted trumpo and now they have him.
we know this ber
nie.
You forgot to mention that the world will end if the republicans bill passes.
Trump is nothing but a mean, nasty, vulgar old man. He Wants respect and loyalty and has none towards others.Hypocrite. 
Horrible President.
please care for humanity
Does everyone realize Obamacare is unsustainable? Unless we monetize the U.S. based on fairy dust. Wait you should propose that @SenSanders
President Trump does not care about the American people!! He cares about his bank account!!! WAKE UP AMERICA WAKE UP!!!
Anything to overturn what Obama did .
Even if it hurts the country.
People first !!
where were you when the last insurer left obamacare in ohio a few weeks ago?
I have Obamacare and a $7k deductable.  Do I REALLY have health insurance?  Be real.  People can't afford to use the Obamacare they have.

Rural America will suffer under Trumpcare
FEAR FEAR THAT'S ALL YOU GOT BERNIE.THE FINAL HEALTH BILL IS NOT HERE YET.????
Yes, nothing democrats or the people can do about it. Sad
Pay enough tax,!! then get free healthcare,this is the norwegian way, problem solved !!!
There sure are a lot of people for other people groups in that video. Must be some good money in it.
You should ask the family of #CharlieGard how they feel about government control healthcare
KICK THE MARXISTS OUT OF OUR GOVERNMENT..IF YOU WANT MARXISM ..GO TO VENEZUELA
BERNIE HAD THREE HOUSES NOW ..THANKS TO HIS SUPPORTERS...WHO HE SOLD OUT..
If the only doctor a year you're seeing is a planned parenthood "doc" .. you have bigger problems
West virginia has it tuff.. but at least they go home huh. California good fuckin luck getting anywhere or working. Lolol
BERNIE BACKSTABBED HIS FOLLOWERS  AND SOLD OUT TO HILLLIARY...THEY'RE BOTH MARXIST LOSERS.....
DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD .GET RID OF FAKE HEALTH CARE.
Can you explain why?
More BS, the current socialist attempt passed by dems intentionally did all this!!
The sky is falling! The sky is falling!!
It's clear to me that Trump wants his legacy to be that  he wants to win WWIII.  Which means he has to start WW III.
Democrats supporting planned parenthood have killed millions.
The good news is you guys are spiralling down to single payer universal healthcare.  It's the only way to meet the needs of the electorate.
A disgusting display of Power by McConnell. I believe this is the reason Satan was kicked out of heaven supposedly.
It's already unaffordable
Hey Bernie can I borrow 10,000,000 million .
Enough of your scare tactics, enough
Don't try to tell me your helping me if you aren't will to have the same coverage
Assuming this is true...so?  This is still no place for the Federal Govt of the US(in case you forgot the country) should be involved in.
I'd go blind w/o ACA. (Stay-home mom, worked 20+ yrs prior, with husband's struggling small business -- can't afford anything else.)
Bernie give this problem to the states. Let them have their own plans. Congress n senate cannot do it
Disgraceful college funds... follow the money
Let's give more tax dollars to PP so they can give huge contributions to politicians. NOT!!!! 
yeah and every state was deep red, such ugly foreshadowing
Who will pay for this 70 trillion???
Sadly there is a small grp far right who desperately need all of trumps cuts - safety nets to  pass!  so- they personally feel his agenda
ACA premiums just increased in Iowa 43%.  What about that?  ACA is a fraud... much like you. #PhonySolcialist #LiberalHack
blah blah blah... 10 times a day... broken record... do you ever even think about making a positive contribution to anything but yourself?
Bernie you should have won President. Not baby chump.
You just mentioned opposition to the bill in WVA, OH and PA. They put this man in office. What did they think was going to happen?
What about the 300 million who are paying for the 20 million uninsured. Don't we get a voice in this?!?! Didn't know the Minority ruled
Thanks Bernie Sanders to encourage people to defend their ObamaCare
Congress should be forced to live with the same system as the public
What about those fraud charges Bern
What about the Democrat's disgraceful healthcare plan, the ACA? "You can keep you plan.." "You can keep you doctor..." All lies.
Can't wait till Abortion is illegal.
So are you'll going to do about it!
Any government run healthcare is a disgrace and does immeasurable damage to everyone.
wow and Obama care is good please stop hate and fake news go trump administration
It's to see false pride ruining the rest of their state. Voting because of the R or D next to a name is just asinine.
You and all the other democrats have no credibility due to your constantly pushing false narratives.
oh hey thats my state thanks bernie
Yes, but the Healthcare bill is LESS disgraceful than Trump, himself.
Yes Trumps voters...gonna stick it to rural voters Bigly
I am a Family Medicine Physician and I have progressive MS.  I know EXACTLY how disastrous this will be.
Senator I am so upset 2 kids in college and increase in student loans shouldn't the future of our country be educated why increase less ed
You people are really something else. Gov. and free loaders want me to help pay for some woman's personal problems I dont even know. NO WAY
In case you missed it Bernie has no financial bones in his body. Tax the rich pass the balance of the debt on to the children of our nation.
You aren't listening to America - you think you are, but you're not
disgraceful is #BankFraudBernie!
 the disgraceful bill is coming soon to save us all from hellcare. 
F that.
How exactly are we supposed to fund unending growth in Medicaid?  Let's put people in jobs that i/c's healthcare. Preserve Mcaid for needy!
Well your plan is failing so maybe you should work with republicans to fix it. I can't afford it  cause I pay for those getting it free.
So you would rather have no insurance   
Government stay out of everything
Republicans, don't be stupid, make common sense and look for a leader.
Republicans get it in your head every American should have a basic free health coverage including Seniors , sooner or later it has to!
How about the discraseful brank fraud bernie's wife jane is under for running Burlington college into ground socialism never works
Good defund it no one cares
Let's get real here. The Republicans are mean spirited, led by the epitome  of someone who desperately needs "anger management."
Will it be o.k. for you and your wife in prison?
love Merkel for confronting the despotic and racist Trump by saying that climate agreement non-negotiable repubs no guts
4 anything
Shift the Planned Parenthood money to an organization that serves all people. And bar them from spending our money on political ads too.
More fake news
They voted. For Trump & now beging to connrct the dots.  Now they learn that democracy rewires responsibility for informed vote.
We can find people who would be devastated by the sunshine. Are you going to march those out so we can turn off the sun? Propaganda.  #MAGA
Sanders lies and lies.
Let's rally against Trump care and Obama care. We need single payer program. Affordable healthcare for all. !!!! Go Mr Sanders & God bless
Would you care to comment on your wife seeking to evict disabled people in her felonious bid to purchase religiously land?
Senator most of what trump does is digraceful He has made America a laughing stock in the world
BERNIE SAUNDERS AND WIFE FOR JAIL. FRAUD
Disgraceful is Bernie Sanders and his wife committing fraud
@HuffPost @politico ..and the cost of your proposal for single payer has been estimated to be $30t over 10 years.
I just want to know what giving the already obscenely wealthy a tax break has to do with health care for regular people
Free healthcare for all sounds wonderful until you find working people pay much higher taxes, have less disposable income. Not acceptable!
Repeal for free Market we don't need the Government telling me what health care I can or cannot have. How is Socialism doing in Venezuela!
Right
What about the harm Obamacare has done to me and my family Bernie. #MAGA #OCAREGOTTOGO
@JedediahBila sometimes I do think "poor Jedediah" when you try to interject your thoughts and you are unable to. 
Thank you Bernie!
Hi I'm a 300lbs woman.  And wanna fuck whoever at the local beer hall.  I think other ppl.  Should pay for it.  (This is a joke)
Just another huge pant load of crap from an incontinent old communist that uses money from future generations to buy power and position!
More #Fascism #StopTrumpsWarOnAmerica
Bernie you can stop towing with the Communist Party line.
