I’m not sure who’s worse, you or Trump, Puerto Rico is in shambles and you’ve tweeted about healthcare as much as he’s tweeted about NFL
P.S. Trump is far worse
He is far worse, just showing how two opposites can get caught up in something else so easily while others suffer
You identify what's driving costs bc single payer or not, someone must foot the bill. Fix cost drivers then let's see what's what.
Single payer countries each pay less than half what we do, per capita.  36 get more bang for their buck.
I've heard this talking point before and am not convinced. I'm still interested in learning what's driving costs. Thanks!
Aside from milion dollar management salaries, $500 bags of saline solution, and local monopolies that won't tell you prices?
While you're in a hospital, everyone who helps you writes down codes for services perforned, or supplies used. The hospital sends a bill
You insurance agency checks it over, talks the hospital down, pays part, and sends you another bill. The resulting price is basically random
That was a funny moment for me when you pointed that out at the debate.
What is the only health insurance program in this country without an out of pocket limit?
Medicare
i think, that one good healt sisten, is one public sistem look europe or canada, this public sistems, generates so well for all people
Great examples of countries that pay less and, mostly, get better health care efficiency ratings from WHO.
We need Medicare for all!
If you give Medicare for all who is going to pay for it ???
I think the American taxpayer is going to pay for Medicare for all its like a reloaded debit card that u pay
MEDICAID saved my family from bankruptcy and has kept me alive. NOT MEDICARE!
Medicaid & Tricare are more popular and better options than Medicare.
Medicare you have to buy additional prescription coverage. No donut whole,  but an additional expense.
I don't have to do that with Medicaid. There is a reason it's primarily used for OLD PEOPLE!
Bernie is showing why he might be our next president
That’s a joke right?
What do you have against Bernie? Man has been fighting for the working and middle class for decades.
Unsuccessfully
How
Ok Trump better not mess with Medicare us senior citizens receive it and we worked to earn it
Because they like it or because it is "Free"!?
People say the Country can't afford Medicare for All, but the say we can Absolutely WASTE BILLIONS ON the DRUG WAR.

HYPOCRITES MAXIMUS!
Caps on Medigap plan premiums better be part of it if the need for supplemental insurance remains in the mix.
I agree!
@POTUS !
1 Govt. spend $ZERO on #Immigrants. They'll leave on their own. Save BILLION$
2. Use to fund medicare for all uninsured.
BTW, expanding the pool w HEALTHY insureds LOWERS cost (duh)
So let's add ALL Federal employees INCLUDING Congress to the plan
Good For ALL!
Fruit cake would become the most popular food in the country if the federal government mandated it at every Christmas dinner table.
That's absurd
Force people to use something and call it popular.
You know what's better than any of them?  Free single payer.
But even Medicare supports insurance companies for supplemental coverage and for those overpriced prescriptions.
Learn it! Repeat it! Live it!

#MedicareForAll 
#MedicareForAllSavesMoney
#MedicareForAllSavesLives
Of 20 trillion of national debt federal programs ss,medicare,etc is 28%. Let's  make it worse with socialist programs. Middle class pays.
Fairly easy to be the most popular WHEN YOU ARE FORCED TO AND THREATENED TO ENROLL by the gov't. How can you say something so stupid?
You absolutely schooled @LindseyGrahamSC  last night. Well done sir! #MedicareForAll #HealthCareDebate
The most poular?...or the most used, out of necessity.
Because it's free to them and we taxpayer pay for it. And it really suck. I want your health care Bernie. Why aren't you on Medicare then?
#MedicareForAll
And the one not funded enough. Your plan will,bankrupt us loser.
I have Medicare. It is great insurance. I have had no problems getting treatment. Don't believe the liars and people filled with hate.
You mean the one that other people pay for?

Boy who'd have guessed.
Support public option allowing 50 y.o. to buy into Medicare or private insurance in all states.
Keep your hands off it. Only thing gov. Has done that works. Leave it alone...
Go Bernie Go!
Also the most corrupt and fraud riddled....
Not very popular with the actuaries of Medicare. $58T in the hole, hospital fund goes broke in 11 years, so let’s open it up to everyone?
Medicare is overrun with Fraud ! Yet u want to expand it!
Still does not work.
No, It was the one I had before ACA. I dont want you in my healthcare.
Love how Rep., throw the word socialism around as if it came from the very devil, but that's what bailing out Wall Street etc. is .
Know what uplifts society? It’s not that deadly, failed ideology you peddle.
And it's on life support
Your RIGHT so leave it alone or you will screw that up too!
Medicaid! While good, Medicare has 60, 90 day rules, needs supplemental insurance. Have a stroke and see how good Medicare is.

#PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief SEND WATER @Aquafina @dasaniwater @PolandSpringWtr @NestleUSA @ArrowheadWater
#HealthCareDebate #theresistance 
LOL #StupidBernie is at it again. Medicare sucks dude.  They don't know how to run an insurance program
This guy wouldn't know right if he gave all the money back he already stole.
Death Care is what your preaching.
Explain what Medicare is. People don't get it!!!
I am proud to have Medicare. It is excellent Insurance. Don't believe these trolls who attack Bernie.
Great debate tonight!! #DebateWithBernie
Forced
Sorry Bernie, but you and your pal (whoever she was) lost the #HealthCareDebate.  @LindseyGrahamSC & @BillCassidy won it, hands down. 
their Graham-Cassidy bill is a complete scam though, and it violates every major Trump and GOP healthcare policy promise. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Medicare isnt the most popular Bernie.its the shit people are left with due to Obama Care.Get your slimy hands out of healthcare
Senile old coot.  https://youtu.be/SZ14-JipXwo 
Medicare isn't insurance any more than an ACA plan is.

It might be because we're forced to pay into the system our whole lives...
True! Because Medicare's non-profit, they don't deny 70 % of claims like private ins does. Not beholden to shareholders. No CEO making mils.
Naive
Paid #taxes or #not still ? How much did u oay$13k and what about your investigation w your wife?#Expats #socialised #medicine is #death #UK
The boomers are retiring. They contributed. Let's talk @ Medicaid now...
It's not insurance. It's a Ponzi scheme. Ppl have to get supplemental PRIVATE insurance bc it can't cover what ppl need
Fix that then
Thank you bernie
Medicare costs 550 billion for covering 60 mil & trillions in Debt. How does it all work out for 330 mil
I agree.  
Trump loves Russia and its Socialist leader. 
Why doesn't he love #MedicareForAll which all the Repubs Call socialism..?
Actually, it's Medicaid #HealthcareDebate should be truthful
An extensive 3-part series in Consumer Reports 25 years ago about the health care crisis concluded that Single Payer is the best solution.
Then go put you ass on it and save us alot of money
Thank you Bernie for truly caring about ALL people.  Most all politicians pale in comparison when it come to compassion.  Inspired!!!
CONGRESS being exempt from OBAMA care negates their ability argue healthcare. Give us what U Have! No need to make another plan. U got it!
They aren't exempt
Why are there so many supplemental plans in that case Bernie? Brilliant.
You can't balance a budget, how can you possibly figure out our Healthcare?  We will all die except your rich buddies.
Guess which one is also the most expensive?  #math101
How much Medicare $$ is handed per/capita quarterly to private InsCos and self-insured groups to cover their "Medicare" insureds?
Yes but we need to deal with the cost of care and stop insuring uninsurable primary care https://m.forbes.com/sites/carolynmcclanahan/2017/03/27/rising-from-the-ashes-a-novel-bipartisan-approach-to-health-care-reform/?s=trending#370582e31362 … @CarolynMcC
MEDICAID!
In Canada too!! 
You know what is the most insolvent program in  the country? Medicare! $47T (Trillion). Univ h/c is nice but cannot bankrupt the country.
Oh, geez . . .  popular???  No choice for those on SSD or at/after age 65 but you DO know that.
It’s also the least effective and most expensive.
And it saves my mom's life!
@kanokwalee why cant YOU POLITICIANS get things done my good man??thats why I support Trump
Medicare for all would be great for the people of this country and legal medical cannabis for all would be very popular, too.

Healthcare is not a popularity contest! Elderly & disabled need it. But tons of free loaders & fraud cost taxpayers Billions yr
Most popular or most expensive?
Sanders go back an pay off your lawyers to keep her out of jail. How many judges an lawyers have you  paid off so far!!!
Did Hillary bullie you into saying that?
Only for those on it lol.  My private insurance is just fine!  Leave my insurance alone!  Stay out of my pockets!
You know it is going broke do to the high cost of drugs and doctors.
Isn't Medicare a co-pay,  where as Medicaid is not?
Sanders quit lying to people about Medicare.  Their are a lot of doctors won't take my Medicare getting harder to find!!!!
It's almost bankrupt Bernie
"Popular" is misleading. If you're over 65 and on Social Security you're automatically enrolled. "Popular" is false in context.
Are you high?
What choice do they have?
I dare you to offer the option to add Medicare to the exchange. I double dare you to do it in the debate and gauge response
Do you know what is bankrupting the country? Medicare!
Of course it is...it’s paid for by everyone but the user @SenSanders you fool
You are kicking butt tonight. Thank you for you're tireless efforts.
Bronze, Silver, Gold, Medicare. Pick one at the exchange. If private is so good it should be able to compete
If you like insurance rejections & getting tossed out of hospitals too soon, maybe. And if you get too old, well what's the point? Right?
Not the VA? Because the VA is awful & everyone knows it but this is still what you advocate for
WRONG!! THE EMERGECY ROOM.
how about the govt get rid of the waste fraud and abuse in medicare. That should be the number 1 priority.
Wait!  What about the VA?  Oh... maybe not huh?  A Big Government debacle and Vets died. Keep Gov't out of healthcare
What kind of health insurance do you have?

Medicare for all is the way to go. Why reinvent the wheel. Make Medicare better along the way.
Sure youre not boomie Sanders cuz u lower them!
Only 45% of our country pays taxes. We cannot afford to fund medicare for all under current spending.
Yet we have trillions to throw at wars.
I agree about cutting defense. But it won't happen, neither party will let it because of the money they get from them.
Do you support a mandate that forces people to get health insurance like Obamacare has?
I’d have to say Tricare is probably up there Bern man lol
Isn't Tricare a DoD or VA plan? If so, I think Bernie said it's 2nd
That’s mostly correct, yeah.
Popular in usage numbers, not in actual satisfaction. Since when was it okay to measure anything's merit via popularity contest?
In that case: 
Might I suggest supplanting  Theft, Forked-Tongue Flapp-ery  etc. w/ working towards *AVERTING* Insolvency?
#FreshThinking
Keep on em, Sen. Sanders!

The more smug Cassidy looks, the more you know you're digging into him.
I live in MI. Our Gov poisoned the people in Flint. Why would I trust him with my health insurance?
Universality tends to protect such programs. If everyone is on it, it becomes a third rail. Flint's voters are no threat to a GOP gov.
Getting a free pony is probably super popular as well. Doesn't mean it will work, that we can afford it, or that it's a good idea.
And you know what's sad is that Obamacare forces seniors into paying for insurance/drug coverage they do not need.
GW Bush got the ball rolling with that in 2006.
Why do you keep copying Hillary's plan in your quotes and not giving her the credit? How disgusting. #HealthCarePlan #typicalsexistoldman
PS: Trial of yet another Dem mega-crook Menendez-NJ started. Pal Dr Melgen stole $105 MILLION! 67 #Medicare counts!
If the gov can take your home for the good of the country they can tell big pharma and HMO/PPO/docs what they can charge
Good luck with drug development and me device development . Many will get out. #Economicnaivete
You mean the program you are forced to pay into UR whole life and have to take when UR  65. Don't you mean most mandatory health insurance
And you need supplemental insurance just to cover all the “not covered” expenses that come up. Government can run healthcare, ie  V.A.
Yea, and the VA is doing absolutely great! Don't you love the waiting times?
We live in a democracy you are a socialist communist no one should listen to you and that’s why the Democratic Party is dying
Insurance is not medical care. But you keep on lying to the hoi polloi, Comrade
And more of the recipients need to hurry up and die so I don't have to pay for them.
You do realize you are irrelevant right? And too old for twitter

We can not spend $700B on defense while people here are dying from lack of affordable healthcare
I love you Bernie, but isn't the answer actually "Medicaid"? I have both and I know which is better.
Medicaid has the stigma of being "for poor people" which unfairly dampens popularity of it
Exactly.  What he calls Medicare in the bill is much more like Medicaid, iirc.
Bernie shut up, you don't understand 1st grade math. You should be preparing for your wives trial for defrauding students.
You mean the one seniors have to buy a supplement for if they want real coverage? That one? No thanks s I don’t need you controlling my life
Which survives in large part because of cost shifting form the private sector. Cheaper than it should be, no wonder it's popular--unlike ACA
Did you know my dad has Medicare?

His supplement costs $600 per month, how is this the answer?

#HealthCareDebate never really happened
Because it is free for the recipient. 
Not popular with the workers who pay for it. 
If you give it to the workers too, who will pay for it?
Nice try communist
Why not let everyone without employer-based insurance buy Medicare? @BernieSanders #medicare4all #MedicareForAll
True.
It’s working here
It should be law for each $ spent on the military we match for health care
The govt currently spends  $1T on Social Security,  $1T on Medicare+Medicaid, and $650B on defense.
We spend more then the next 7 countries combined on defense. We spend more per person on healthcare with worse results then most countries.
We need a new approach to healthcare. Like @realDonaldTrump said Australia has great (socialized) healthcare. Lets try that #MedicareForAll
Yea and tell the truth about it, people on Medicare get treated worse than ones with insurance, they get the sorriest Docters and meds
VVIP's no need health care bill,they facilitated by state appointed physician.It essential for poor people,prepare accordingly
The most popular insurance was the stellar employer insurance we had as a family prior to Obamacare raping the system.
It is also the most affordable.
of course when you have Obamacare that is so very horrible, I mean walking on shards of glass is better then that.
Can someone tell me who the senator or woman that was with Bernie?
I am all for universal health care. I do not trust Graham-Cassidy bill to insure AFFORDABLE healthcare for pre-existing conditions.
Do we all get to have 3 houses like you too?
Unless you are on Obamacare and are white
and... #MEDICAID.  IMO Medicaid works better than #Medicare at least as it sits now & by what I have observed in WA State with Apple Health.
I’m a Medicare recipient. It’s as good or better than any private insurance plan I’ve ever had. Every American deserves this.
Pickups are the most popular vehicle in the Country, should everyone drive pickups?
We love you Bernie
Did you get in touch with @narendramodi BTW like I asked ? I guess it's too late for that Now thanks to Dumb Bush who made John McCain loose

Medicare&SocialSecurity are ... 
...horrors...
 form of socialism and actually work pretty well (not perfect, but works)
Thank you Bernie, for standing up for what's right. #HealthCareDebate
False, there is no such thing as a popular healthcare plan.  This is just more propaganda.
True.
That's great, but how are you going to pry the votes and the money away from the boney fingers of the Republicans? Fix the ACA first please.
You know who's the most popular politician in America? You! :)
Make way too much money
Medicare is costsaving and effective
The Canadian system works well what do you ask government wants to make it for the rich only drug companies charge too much and CEOs
Bernie- that was brilliant!!!
An elderly man told me the other day I should save my money because Medicare isn't gonna help me. Thoughts? @SenSanders
Ots going bankrupt because they have been raiding it to pay for other things.
Victory lap for Bernie
People that paid their whole lives into the system at -10% interest for mediocre benefits. Now collecting not paying don't wnt 2 give it up?
Shocking
My husband is disabled. We had to wait two long years for it, but we LOVE it and are so thankful.
We're coming for you @LindseyGrahamSC how much have the insurance companies paid you to be so greedy?

#aBetterDeal
#MedicareForAll

#aBetterDeal
#VoteMedicareForAll
#OrWeWillVoteOutDNC!

#aBetterDeal
#VoteMedicareForAll
#OrWeWillVoteOutGOP!
Program that is based on a payment schedule to providers that has a reasonable profit built in. It works! Same solution could apply to all.
Worked 40yrs paying into Social Security and Medicare. That is not N entitlement I paid for it!!!
Yeah, most popular with loads of crooked doctors! AND innumerable legit doctors won't take the gigantic financial fraud, mega-charity, etc.
You have to be destitute to be on it. But that's the idea.
There irony is that Trumps failed attempts at healthcare reform may just get us closer to single payer.  We can hope
Popular...... AS IS: Social Security too!!!!! No bitchin about that.... UNIVERSAL HC for America!!!!!!
The United States government as far as health care they need to look at different countries in their Healthcare starting with Canada
Oh, Canada. Where they all come down to the US and pay to use our healthcare.
You're a tired ol fart, aren't you Bernie?
I heard that the Congressional Health Care Plans are pretty sweet though...
The healthcare system we had before Obamacare which had an 85% approval rating.
Some insurance plans didn't cover hardly shit. That is why we had so many medical bankruptcies.
It will go bankrupt if EVERYONE that live in USA regardless of immigration status will be covered.  Middle class will disappear.
And the most successful! And govt doesn't even negotiate drug prices. Imagine if they did! #HealthcareDebate

Tell the people why Obamacare is failing Marco Rubio remove the risk corridors
Is that the one where selfish old people screw the young into paying for their failure to save and pay for themselves.
Lindsay Graham says the states are closer to the people and more people-centric. You know what else states run? THE DMV!! #Resist #CNN
Go away
