Why didn't you stand up to that crooked Hillary. You let my daughter down who supported you.
Your debates was interesting both of u were off trickle down doesn't work and giving corp more doesn't work. The ?s r how do w fix it.
Simple math everyone pay their fair share. Cut spending, get rid of tax loop holes and punish government corruption.
Mr Cruz you're  kicking Obama back in, going back to Kennedy and Reagan. not once did u mention Bush giving $760 bil to wall st.
He could have given every tax paying citizen $1 mil to stimulate the economy. Next what did any of u do to help Obama while in office.
Your job as a senator is you do what you can to help this country and the citizen not do what ever to disrupted the president.
As it was stated by some of your Republican party they're sole purpose was obstruct Obama from day one.  Stop spending &fighting &fix it
How's your wifes bank fraud investigation coming along?
Let’s all try to give Ted a hard time! Not because we don’t like him, but because we want representation, not coal and not the Koch’s!
BERNIE SANDERS wants to take away THE AMERICAN  DREAM. WELFARE IS THE MODERN SLAVERY!  ENSLAVING FAMILIES TO WELFARE is UNAMERICAN
they call it the american dream because you got to be asleep to believe that shit
Or GET OFF YOUR ASS AND GO TO WORK!!!    You might want to stay asleep.
The Koch brothers own the majority of Republicans in congress. They donate hundreds of millions every year only to Republicans.
So if you lose a debate, you just ramble on about nothing for days?  Oh , wait, that's just what Bernie does...
@SenTedCruz Democrats like to scaremonger? My friend, turn on @FoxNews -- this should be their slogan "Scaremongering since 1996"
I'll bet even though you don't need it you'll gladly take your cut of social security benefits with health care by the US taxpayers
Way to go burni
@tedcruz Bernie has you all figured out...
Poor Koch bros! How they suffer!
Ted Cruz exhorted economic growth... He is 1 of too many tht r blind 2 the poisoning of r biosphere ....We mst think of generations 2 come
One can only pray.
You might get in trouble with #GeorgeSoros while #virtuesignaling!!! :P
Exactly! This is all about 2018 campaign donations to GOP campaigns!
Had to turn it off. Bernie, Ted was full of it, and you should’ve called him on it more than you did. Ted.. go sell snake oil. It’s all you.
Bernie has become wealthier then most of us will ever be during a lifetime of career politician. Be careful what you believe
Lying Ted going to be put on time-out
8 of the top 10 richest people in the US are democrats.
Not only the Koch Bros but Bannon as well.
Here's the elephant in the room in this exchange. Ted does not deny that the Koch brothers are holding the purse strings. NOT democracy!
Corruption.

What happens if you don’t come through for George Soros?
...and Trump makes next bankruptcy
#ThankYouBernie
You edited out the part where Cruz proved you wrong!

In order for Bernie to be credible  u would have to believe he could be president  sorry he quit while he was ahead. Thx Hillary u showed us
You old fool. Why didn't you include Cruz's response in the clip. What an idiot.
Bernie always has the same talking points.  If you want to live in a socialist country, go do that.
You're an American hero Bernie, no matter what.

Get em Bernie!
Socialism kills Bernie. Cruz just destroyed you and your sick ideology on national TV
The Koch brothers has Teddy by the balls...he didn't even deny it. Debate over at that moment.
Bernie the GOP are in so much trouble right now taking back the house the Senate and the White House deal with that GOP
You lost the argument over taxes Bernie.
Too bad Repubs actually think the GOP works for them. It's dumb, drummer and dummest. GOP base, trump voters,and "still trump base".
Maybe they won’t support him!!  Wouldn’t that be great?
BERNIE2020.  CRUZ/LIAR!
Cruz is owned by the Koch suckers and the religious right wing.  You're an evil alien troll Rafael.
Para tu estupideces
Cruz & other senators are selling us out for campaign contributions (bribes?) from billionaires...politicians keep balance of unused funds
look at teds smug smile, I just want to dick slap the goofy out of him
And you better come through for soros comrade.
Ha Ha Ted! Don't let the door hit you on your way out 
Koch brothers do more for poor people in 1 day than you’ve done in your whole life, you dumbass.
Cruz is making you look silly again.
Ted Cruz is annoying and comedic at the same time.
Will it be bad if the working/middle class gets a tax cut? Your hero Bill Clinton signed law cutting taxes for wealthy/middle/working class.
imagine thinking bill clinton is bernie sanders's hero
Ted Cruz and the others have sold their souls to the devil
Yes Bernie!!
Tell it like it is Sanders
And you might want to add Bernie that the Koch Bros co killed a teenager in Texas and not a peep from any of their GOPutinParty politicians.
This is not a fair fight.
#FeelTheBern Such an analytical & intellectual mind. 

We  you Bernie! Thank you for all you do for 99% of us!
@SenTedCruz is bought and paid for
No deductions
You see, bern... you have no right to say who needs what!  Eg:  if everyone paid a flat 20% ...that would be fair!
But you will try to come through with Soro's plans.
You are a thief Bernie. U want to pick and choose who gets tax cuts.Why? Aren’t all Americans equal? Those who worked hard don’t deserve it?
lol the waltons don't work hard
So you get to steal from them?
they've been stealing from their employees for how many decades now bootlicker
Their employees. U mean the people that have given jobs.Those people?  The ones who write the paychecks? Yeah get rid of them. Seems logical
lol he basically called Cruz a bought bitch to his face
Ted's all in with the Mercers
And Mercers.
 #LyingLiberal you want to raise #taxes #MAGA
No one wants to RAISE taxes, cupcake.

But our country is #AtWar, #OnFire, #UnderWater & #InDebt.  

FDR didn't ask for #TaxCuts during WW2.
Also?

How is eliminating the #EstateTax going to help YOU?

#TrickleDownFailed.  Proof?  #IncomeInequality
Your crazy!
Sad that "family values" and the "Christian way of life" can be sold.
Roast his ass B
simple math Berniehttps://twitter.com/stump4trumppac/status/920822916786384896
It's impossible for Cruz to go on TV without embarrassing himself.
Let Cruz’s ‘slicing n dicing’ begin!  He won’t be missed!
Wrong-go dong-go Bernie! Sooner or later you're going to get something correct! Keep trying!
Bull pucky.
drag him
That's OK with me if he gets in trouble.  That's what he signed up for!
U mean lying Ted who is buds with
Hey Bernie did Jane finish your taxes yet, cause it’d be great to see the millionaire tax break u would get from #goptaxplan #CNNDebateNight
Funny you are part of the 1% and you seem to think that the 1% controls everything. So maybe we should be ride of you TOO!
#RecallSanders
#bankfraudbernie

I have popcorn, and I'll be waiting...

Like Ted said, there are many more wealthy Dems that Bernie fails to mention. Is that because they provide him money?
His response is nonsense signifying nothing.Nonsense signifying nothing is the defining phrase of this "administration".Foul air & spray tan
How are Ivy League Skull/Bones good old money families going to create markets/dynasties in an exponentially expanding poverty ridden USA?
Why tf is Ted Cruz on tv? Is he done masturbating to the world's most boring porn?

Give it up, Bernie. Your time is over.
GOP’s over the top flag waving covers: "winner take all" mindset justifies
& rationalizes insatiable greed, moral flexibility for top 10%.
Sen Sanders will pass away at the age of 147 and still never had a real job. Sad AF!
#KochsBoughtCruz #KochsOwnCruz #MercerBoughtCruz #MercerOwnsCruz. @tedcruz is in the deep pockets of the Kochs AND Mercer!
Soros wants to thank you for tweeting that,
Follow Trump over the cliff, into the fires of hell: loose of power, wealth & influence because of short-term ambition & coattail riding GOP
Ok bot
Man, intellectually it’s not even close, Sanders is in a loop with his demagoguery. JV team for sure! BTW, how many houses did u acquired??
ted cruz has a net worth of $3.5 million bernie sanders of $800k which one's getting rich selling his votes to the wealthy
I’d rather have the Koch Bros on my side vs George Soros for Bernie
Similar reason we cant have Tesla in Texas certain industry's lobbying while global warming affects state @elonmusk @GovAbbott
Ooh, reminded me; check out Who Killed the Electric Car (if you haven't already). Why We Fight is a great look at the MIC, too (by Jarecki)
I most sincerely hope so.  I've had enough of dirty politicians like @SenTedCruz.  I hope he gets a royal spanking
GOP has been a complete failure passing their legislative agenda since the Donald was elected. Will tax cuts, reform, for top 10% fail too?
Great point about public education! Right, let's not give the Waltons 50mill in tax breaks. @SenSanders
I am so SICK of all the talk! The fact is the rich are getting WAY richer, the poor is always poor and the middle class is fucked!
Typical left wingnut crap. Bernie makes his pitch and Ted is cut off after 10 words.
A decaf Canadian (Bernie lives in Vermont we all know people in Vermont are decaf canadians ) and a Canadian born wannabe American. Lmao.
Trickle down economics is the scientology of the economic world

just keeps going on about 'death ' tax only 2/10th of 1% will get money. Middle class will pay for it.
I'm sorry Ted, but I know the Koch bros have been meddling for years. Democrats aren't using it as a tactic if it's true. Just leave, Ted.
If Ted isn’t working for the Koch brothers big money donations & it’s just “fear mongering” why is he meeting with them then 
Says the guy who sold out to the Clintons after they stole the parties nomination. You need to go away to F'ing sellout!!!
Bolshevik Bernie has a Koch problem.
We all have a Koch problem
They have no direct impact on my life and I admire their success. We all here the same opportunity. Commies and socialist must be crushed.
They don't?  You must live in another country (or another world)
Yes, it's called Reality. Have a nice day.
You are so right Bernie.  Im studying Forensics and one class is Texas Politics.  Big money in politics...gotta go.
There is more money behind democrat party. Both sides
 Even Bernie.
canpany Tax cut better.plas rich people tax more better.
I couldn't have said it better myself
How do we stop this? Is there any road to repealing Citizens United?
Ammend the constitution to publicly finance elections. Either make it a voting issue federally or call a convention through the states.
Except Democrats got way more from corporations. Were you not paying attention?

https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 
Donate to Cruz's 2018 opponent here:
He's the Zodiac, Bernie. Technically we're in trouble.
Lmfao    
The oligarchs have #TurdCruz by the nads. Get money out of politics!!!!!!
One can only hope
Go change your diaper, Bernie!
both of you have failed to mention that #TaxationIsTheft
actually profit is theft
Good. I'd like to see him put in his place.



ah yes, typical russian whataboutism and strawman bullshit. why bring elections that hillary lost because of her baggage? don't blame bernie
