yup - the Democratic Party needs to STOP imitating the GOP and, instead, EMBRACE the underlying values of the American people
I'm always amazed when people say this.  I can't see that the GOP and Dems have much of anything in common.
Dems have taken to chasing the so-called "middle", which - prior to GOP radicalization of political scene - used to be considered "right"
I see how that used to be the case, but we're SO different now. If we could compare an HRC presidency to what we've got it'd be night & day.
it still IS the case.. since 1980 (and still currently) the GOP machine has successfully dragged entire body politic extremely right-wing
your point that Dems and GOP still have major gap is true, but - in general - GOP minority has informed overall tone far more than deserved
Gotchya.  We need to get out for the midterms in much bigger numbers.  Hopefully what's going on now will help...
yes, indeed.... if Dems can't take House next year, the entire country might as well start learning russian, chinese, and/or korean, etc
The party platform IS progressive and why should someone who won't become a member of the party get to dictate how the party behaves?
yes why should any outsiders try to put out a burning building. your logic is astounding
yes you're doing a really good job at fighting the blaze, whose president again? hmmmmmmmmmm
Nearly half of the voting Democratic base, and an untold Number of independence we weren't allowed to vote in the primaries wanted Bernie.
Nobody is attacking the party. You're setting up a defense for an attack that isn't t coming. But the party isn't perfect.
The vitriol for Bernie Sanders and for the huge number of people who voted for him is completely counterproductive.
How anyone can bash this man is beyond me. #ItsYourLossDems  #DraftBernie
Well I never did until he started bashing and dividing us.  He's not a Democrat, and he seems to have a savior complex.
Dividing? I'm a disillusioned shamed to admit Repub voter & don't believe the Dem either. It seems to me the Dems & Repubs are the dividers
Yes, politicians in general are the dividers. Easier to control us if we're not united. You're onto something here.
You're a leach.
So, why talk about what the "Democratic party needs to do" if you're not a Democrat?
https://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/537909/ …
The divide is too wide, country too divided. Obama destroyed the @DNC & The right has had enough of leftist values. http://www1.cbn.com/cbnnews/politics/2017/june/apologize-or-resign-popular-pastor-gives-bernie-sanders-ultimatum-for-anti-christian-religious-test …
How many vacation homes does a socialist need?
For the sake of our country and the world, YOU, in a very fundamental way, must shut up and go away. #YoureNotHelping
Agree! offering other people's ideas as if they were his own/coming up w/ plans to implement that won't work is his "game" pretty much.
Bernie is the best I've seen, and I've been voting since 1976
@laura_garvock is this dude a dem? Join the party and have a stake.
Bernie has always been an Independent
yes I know but not sure always where his heart lies.  At the end of the day it is still politics.
Listen,and you'll knw whr Bernie's heart is.W him it's nevr been politics as usual.Those who've followed him knw tht https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=share&v=GWmZAZMrkrg …
FOR THE SACK COUNTRY GO AWAY. 
WE DO NOT NEED YOU NOR DO WE WANT U.
How many houses do you have? Asking for a friend...
this is maddness;
The silence of the Dems is deafening!!! Unfortunately we have the Joker running our country now! We need Batman! We miss you Barack...
Bernie is not even a democrat!
Sure, just become republican!!
Enough, Bernie. Enough. You don't get to do this anymore. You endorse people and they lose. Stop messing with a party you don't belong to.
Is this losing Sasha? I didn't think so. Wake the hell up and bury your war loving neoliberalism. #BernieWouldHaveWon
I don't engage with Bernie would have won people. I block them.
What a great idea @SenSanders Spending your time bashing the Dems & causing more division. Right now, you are part of the problem!
At this rate, embracing Bernie's ideas are the only hope they have of winning. Look at what happened in Britain with Jeremy Corbyn
the most popular politician in the country with the highest favorability is trying to help the party that shat on him and ya'll complain
He wasn't the most popular, it's just that those who loved him did so with such a fervor that none of the HRC voters bothered talking to you
Hm that makes sense, considering most people who voted Bernie voted for HRC
He's not even an outsider.  He caucuses as a dem and gave the dems majority in the senate
Let's start by shutting you up, Bernie.
What is it about Bernie's message that gets under your skin? Healthcare for all, a living minimum wage educating America's workforce?
The Dems haven't come out in favor of any of those ideas as a party!  Vote and support your values not name brands!
You are wrong there. You e been snowed by a L wing Tr*mp. Sanders is about Sanders, nobody else certainly not PoC! Read @JoyAnnReid on topic
Sander's ego is as big as Trump's.
One way for Dem candidates to win would be for YOU to stop endorsing them.
Another is for Russia to not hack our elections.  I mean, I keep hearing this shit as if the Dem candidate lost!  She DIDN'T.
She certainly did. Lmao!
The Democratic Party is just fine.  Stop bashing it, and try joining it.
Are you kidding me? They lost everything in government including losing to an orange troll...smh nothing to see here
The delusion here smh. Dems have zero power now across the board. Need more progressive policies and they attack Bernie for saying it
I did not attack Bernie, I told him to join our party and quit bashing it.
Valid criticism is good, he wants dems to succeed. What changes if he joins the party officially?
If he wants Dems to succeed he shouldn't be bashing, and the Democratic platform is the most progressive in history.
I don't see anything in the article as bashing. Just saying dems need to bet on left policies than try and appeal to moderates. I agree 
Unity is how we beat Trump 
I have an idea. Anyone who helped tear down HRC and thus helped Trump get elected, can shut up about the direction of the party.
exhibit A of why the Democratic Party will continue to lose
I'm cool with that.
You realize that HRC literally boosted Trump themselves during the RNC, right? Because they thought he'd be easier to beat
Run as an independent or Trump will be President for 8 years!
You misspelled "and" as "or" for some odd reason. I was glad to vote for Bernie in the primaries, but you know that would benefit Trump.
What's going to benefit Trump is an another shady, artificially small primary that nominates some loser neolib like Booker or Cuomo.
We're going to be watching Cuomo/Harris eat a shit sandwich some night in November 2020 and wondering how we got there again.
3) But if any of you ever hope to really win again (without fraud), throwing yourselves over the Communist cliff is NOT the way to do it
Man get outta here. Why don't you run as a Republican? You'll never get my vote skipper
Clearly, if you're too left for the centrist Democrats, you should run as a far right Republican.

Wut?
No Democrat . Didn't u here Bernie? He's a independent. He will never get the nomination.
LMAO, did you just use "racist" to describe Bernie?
yeah the guy who marched with MLK Jr.
all of your ideas are communistic and fatal to The USA, your propaganda is from your old friends communistic Soviet Union, stop pretending!!
Says the man who sold out to them before the general election. You betrayed me and millions of others to big money.
Ya, y'all need to tone it down. This whole blood thirsty spirit you've been feeding and harboring is getting out of control.
What are talking grumpy man? Like Tom Periello?
Shut. up. Bernie.
@chuddles11 Sir, it seems there are a lot of irrationally angry people. Their anger is, at this point, almost all they have
@chuddles11. Complex ideas communicated simply:  power to the people
Make your commitment to the party then.
You are not a Democrat so you have no right to criticize Commit to party or stay out!
If Democrats would just stop shooting and murdering people and voting for criminals it would be a good change.
the first change to be made to the Democratic party is to get @SenSchumer  and @TomPerez to stop listening to you and your bullshit
Right. They should only listen to the lobbyists who so helpfully infest the DNC.
Black women are the heart of the Democratic party...Bernie is not the heart of the Democratic party, period
Chuck Schumer/Wall Street is not the heart of the Democratic Party, nor Nancy Pelosi. Maxine Waters? Fine. Sheila Jackson Lee? No problem.
Chuck Schumer is a senator from New York and represents a lot of people who work for Wall St, directly and indirectly
representatives have constituents for whom they work
Sen Sanders, if you are so convinced of that, could u form your own Pty, leave the Dem alone.  We sure have much better candidates than u.
In the last 48hrs Harris (D) trended for defending the US against Russia. Sanders (I) b/c 1 of his volunteers tried to murder a congressman.
Start your own party. You aren't a DEMOCRAT 
You owe DNC  $100 MILLION your grifter
You need to worry bout your people
You're not a Democrat and you're not helping
Every time you try to help someone THEY LOSE.. no one you have supported has WON!!! Why???
I'm sorry, umm what's "your party" doing that's productive? Seriously, Let's talk about that.
STOP hijacking & creating caustic division within a party that is not your own. BUILD up your own party.
Coward.
Is the @Reuters report true that you voted against the Russian sanctions, senator?
Just start your socialist party and leave ours be.
Hi Bernie,

For the sake of the country, please spend less time attacking us, and more on strategy.

Your endorsed candidates keep losing.
I'm nobody important, just a voter and volunteer. But please, you waste so much time attacking us Democrats.
Your message matters. You've got so many people who believe in you, and you're letting them down even if they don't see it.
You're letting them down, because the only thing your strategy is doing is creating fights in the left. It's not winning elections.
Please, it's way too important right now, work with your people on a new strategy, that resonates beyond your base.
Please don't be like Trump and live in an echo chamber ... your candidates are losing, you attack us, and the country needs you.
All I'm going to get for this is attacks, calls that I'm a hillbot, and more. Assuming anyone notices.
I am truly hopeful someone in your campaign sees this and takes it to heart. Please, Bernie, go beyond attacking Democrats.
Feeling like a big man because you got a bunch of naive kids to listen to you? It only took 80 yrs but now you have an audience.
Yes.  We must change direction.  AWAY from your lame, divisive ass.
Bernicrats you are terrorist on the alt left
why? And are you a Democrat again?
Why don't you join it then?
What is this dude talking about the Democratic party!?  @TomPerez @keithellison
Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by 3 million. Your actions after the primary reduced support among your followers.
Bernie Quote: "Dems main thrust should be to make politics relevant to those who have given up on Democracy." Who gave up? Total Bullshit.
Getting tired of you lecturing a party you are not a member of.
This White Geriatric Jesus named bernie is a fraud.
By stop listening to you.
As a party It might also be a good idea to stop calling everyone who disagrees with anything you say a nazi, racist, islamiphobe
Maybe u can start by have a word to ur most extreme supporters! Their smearing campaign against Dems is = to that of rabid chumpsters!
Maybe you shouldn't have left the party if you wanted to make a change in it. Corbyn didn't leave Labour when the lost.
Agree. We need to dump you out. Go be an independent Bernie.
Bernie, I voted for you in the primary in VA. But now, I'm sick of your bullshit. Sit down and shut up!!!
Smh...
And in Bernie fashion.... continue with divisiveness & rhetoric. The hypocrisy from a guy that sold "Bern the bitch" pins at his rallies...
How's your wife's fraud suit going in Burlington? 
How's the new 600 k summer home in VT? At 75.. time to retire old man. #LWgarbage
You're an Independent wolf in Democrat sheep's clothing. You expect us to change because you demand it? Kiss grits! 
Then why has every candidate you've endorsed lost? Please take a seat.
Agreed Senator. "News" reports intelligence agencies found Russians interfered with voting machines in 39 states! Nothing further. What'sup!
The Democrats in America are NOT 'progressive' just like Feminists are NOT a part of any women's movement... lies, lies, lies!
It would be nice if you'd stop being part of the problem.
Pls stop focusing on the Dems & keep in alignment with ur views. U r an ind. not Dem. stay focus let Dems rebuild through change not hate.
Please Sen. Sanders, STOP BASHING DEMOCRATS! You're aiding & abetting the Repubs. Plus you're not even a Democrat. #TheResistance
Race Baiter!
You are not a democrate.
Sorry I didn't get this last election, but I won't miss out if there's another chance!
Endorsing Clinton was probably your downfall. Made you look crooked. Definitely a looser move. Remember the old saying, be true to yourself!
It would help if your supporters would stop killing people
You're not a democrat.
And then he can be the all powerful leader of a nation of mentally ill liberal radicals who want and need a mommy to tell them what to do
I love the "holier than thou" tone of this little sermon, but the truth is Bernie wants to knock everyone down to poverty status.
Dems & Berners need to stop the bickering, come together & form an alliance against the corrupt GOP for the sake of, well, everything.
Absolutely correct!  The left is getting as radicalized as the terrorists.  A Berniebot even shot a bunch today.
Dems that love you GO AND GROW ..always want to tell dems what to do in their house but you won't invest in the party nothing but words
Go start the progressive party and the Democratic party will get by while you RUN your independent/progressive party Jesus & take all the
For the sake of our country and the world please start your own party & lead us to a better future.
Agreed. Go away
Stop with the identity politics shit and you could win a lot of moderates.
Well, your followers changed direction a little. Violence, in your name.
If you want socialism...move to a socialist country. Don't ruin the greatest country in the world just because you're stupid.
the Dems WILL NEVER CHANGE until the LIBERAL LEFT changes....BUT, THEY HATE TRUMP & SUPPORTERS AND WILL CONTINUE ON THIS TRAGIC PATH!
Yes!! This is why he should be president!!!
Go preach elsewhere
Or they can stay the course and continue to lose their constituency & legitimacy. We can do better. #DraftBernie #PeoplesParty #VetsforPeace
Hope so. It's either that or YOU change direction.. away from THEM
Many of us feel betrayed over the DNC treatment of Senator Sanders. Change must happen. Britain's political climate is an good indicator.
Really and you're the reason and your Democratic friends do not realize the extreme left has hijacked the Democratic Party.
YOU are not a Democratic. Stop telling the Democratic party what to do. The party and the country will do just fine without you. #shutup
You Sir are NOT a Democrat.
You & the rest of the libs would have to stop all the hate you spew when you speak for that to happen! You always looks like your ready to
no no and hell no. The Democratic Party is kicking ass in Va and GA. We are on the right path
It should not incite  #berniebro antifas who shoot Republican representatives
Every one of "your" candidates has lost.  YOU lost. And Dems are supposed to listen to you? Get your divisive "Independent" self outta here.
The country is what it is and no direction will change what it is.
What planet do you live on? D's must do X,Y, or Z."  We're in the minority w Trump in WH! You're not even a D, might as well advise the R's.
you have radicalized your followers. Two mass shootings and One act of treason in the last 30 days. Go Bernie!
I guess you just can't resist the Saul Alinsky tactic of using a 'crisis' to move your agenda along.
Ready to call 4 pure Communism or a 'Democratic' Dictatorship now? Really, u should really just b quiet. That would b a nice change.
use a Racist Party,Slavery,Black Genocide,DixieCrats,KKK etc.Use must do what the Nazi nd Apartheid did nd just fuk off.
Voted for you in the primary but I wish you'd become Dem. Many in the Dem party dismiss you cuz you're an Independent. Join us!
Yeah, like getting rid of you, Schumer, Pelosi, Kaine, McCauliffe, Waters, Begala, Podesta, Carville, McCaskill, CNN, NBC, MSNBC, ABC, CBS..
Mid-class GOPs think Dems'll raise mid.class tax & give $ to poor. They like to believe GOP = 1% AND THEM &both are "above" poor
U think? Might wanna Stop acting like Hitler n blaming everybody else Democratic Party is insane! As much hate for GOP as Hitler did 4 Jews
The Democratic Party has no direction, its just a bunch of demented people like yourself willing to give anything to anybody just for votes!
Please #help me if you can. #RT Buried under the weight of #medical #debt. I need #surgery. #spoonie #lupus #rheum
Bernie doesn't win elections nor do his candidates. He's not even a Democrat. Why are we taking advice from him on anything.
You don't get it! It's not about party affiliation anymore it's about doing things right for "we the people" Not the Democratic party.
#ImpeachSanders, isn't that the correct rhetoric from the leftists?
You need to get your party off the Denial & Deflect train. It's derailing your support. Nobody bought the Russian narrative. Get off it.
Nothing in here about your role why we lost. Your need to keep fighting until convention hurt Dems. By then even your followers boo'd u.
I could not agree more.  I am a "non affiliate".  If DNC changes I will as well.
Yes you do, it's become radicalized!
because of a white crazy dude shooting maybe he was Republican ha ha
Meanwhile the corrupt fund raising continues.
Use critical thinking. DNC emails were not hacked, they were leaked by an insider. His name was #SethRich
To determine if hack took place, you need to examine physical servers for database/server level intrusion. Interesting they denied access
Perhaps @DNC declined FBI request to examine DNC servers because logs would definitively show if an insider (with access) took data/leaked..
If DNC was hacked by foreign entity why did they decline to let FBI or intel agencies examine the dnc servers?#DNCFraudLawsuit
The real interference in election was media, DNC, DOJ and super PAC collusion w/ Clinton campaign to bury Bernie #DNCFraudLawsuit
I support your stance on economic inequality but cmon don't sellout on everything else. Russia didn't interfere. DNC/DOJ collusion buried u
USA so afraid to be a little left in politics, clouds justment! 
Why is that?  Half of Europa is left. Most goes well
Bernie, they don't want to. It might be time to start a new political party.
let the democratic know to come out and vote the Republican out
everyone must vote come on people we need to take over
Yes, Democrats must change direction. But, there cannot be a protracted and bitter fight over that direction.
Lead the way, Bernie - @DraftBernie #Revolution.
Sanders Messianic BS ignores reality of Gerrymandering Voter suppression White Male left never sows anything but destruction of party unity
All of it Dem platforms for a decade- Dems lost due Gerrymandering & voter Suppression Putin Trump thank U 4 the talking points!
#RealityCk
"I think what we saw from Bernie Sanders last week was just a blatant display of religious bigotry and intolerance."
Congress baseball gunman was a #Trump-hating #Bernie supporter!
YES!!!
EXACTLY .... turn to Jesus Christ in repentance for our sins individually and collectively and experience revival! If not, collapse
@nytim veterans are still with you
Yes B yes!!!
Bernie Sanders aware your're back to Indie Roots..everyday knock #Blues it's too much  #Mills are #TheResistance who are Focused & United
You are not Democrat- please stop talking about us- Go and run as Ind and STFU
FYI... I have been a Democrat ALL of my life until Shillary.  I'm 63 yrs old.
Looks like your party did change direction today.
1. UR NOT a dem. Go mooch $ from socialists
2. 1 of ur crazy fans shot congressmen today
3. Stop Putin talking points
3. Shut up already
Democrats changing direction: make a break further left.
Please clarify, did you mean 'change direction' towards political violence and terrorism? That's how your followers are taking it. DISAVOW!
This is exactly why civics is no longer taught in school !!!!
Well one of your supporters just shot up a bunch of congressmen. Is this your idea of a direction change?
AGREED - we MUST change evolve and be unapologetically progressive 
Young people become workers. There's the problem. What about the middle class? What about moving into the upper class? What about democracy?
You had a chance but you let the DNC scam you into the shadows while @HillaryClinton bombed the election & destroyed Democratic credibility.
Please, Sen. Bernie Sanders, if you want to tell Dem. Party what to do, join the party. No say so in a party not yours!
The Party's done by their own hand
No socialistic program will work if govt is corrupt! urveillance,digital cars,utilities.Ask people in Baltic countries. Then govt dictates!
But if government,deep state, is corrupt, social programs won't work. They are bad now.I say this as advocate for poor&homeless. Talk truth!
