.@RepJohnYarmuth @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer & @SenSanders ask @uscbo for full report on Graham-Cassidy before GOP rushes vote. #NoScoreNoVote 
And if they are successful, will you claim credit for this one as well?
Still butt hurt, huh? What's Clinton doing on saving the ACA? NOTHING Hell, here she is, willing to work with the GOP to REPEAL it.
Oh lookie someone dumb enough to think shit thats hacked hasnt also been changed. Grow up and FUCK BERNIE
Typical hilbot answer when confronted with proof. 
Proof of what? Lol i can type those up too...
Sorry to be the one to break the news to you Bernie but the #Democrats & #BarrysRegime destroyed our healthcare system.
You shouldn't of brought up Medicare for all before September 30 because GOP using as rallying cry against socialism to defeat ACA
And U shd be focused only on protecting ACA and not pushing your M4A at this moment.Really NOT helpful or strategic.
Respectfully disagree. Save ACA now Win seats in'18. Then Look at M4A. Mixing messages giving GOP http://advantage.GOP  close 2 repeal
All energy now shd be pressuring Senators in swing states to vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.Even Sanders tweeted something similar to saveACA
There is only one acceptable way to repeal the ACA...

#SinglePayer
The people representing the people must go through the same process as everyone else to obtain their healthcare. Preconditions and all!
STUPID COMMENT
And yet, here we are.
Bernie Sanders  when did U or congress get UR medical license? That U think the government should be in charge of medical coverage?
That's very kind of them
@SenSanders it was a large number of democratic senators that destroyed our healthcare system
we let a group of dems do it already, why not GOP?
Single payer give govt control of healthcare. We've seen what dems did with control of IRS to conservatives. #singlepayerdeathsentence
Agreed. And that's not all they're doing...they're allowing this Orange Buffoon to destroy the fabric of our country. Can we survive them??
You should have kept your mouth shut about single payer until after this GOP effort to repeal is over. You made the GOP more desperate.
You Liberals & Democrats have been trying to tell our youth that Republicans are racists when the reverse is true.
When a particular Party points the finger of blame at another Party too much it usually means the finger pointer is hiding his own guilt.

If obama care is so great Bernie, why aren't you and the rest of Congress on it?
 right???
As opposed to a large group of Democrats that have already tried to destroy our health system?
#SantaClarita #CA #SteveKnight 
https://www.facebook.com/events/194551127752686/ …
#NoScoreNoVote
Why are these guys so determined to kill us?
They would rather see sick and dead people then part w/a single $.
The American people are always in the dark
Need to know
So the solution to saving a working and humane ACA is to propose something else that has no chance in hell of passing? Brilliant. SMH
Bernie if it is so great how about you lame ass senators get on it
I called my Congressman Darin Lahood and told not to vote for repeal of the ACA.
Oh ya you tell'em Bernie  old fool.
Not 1 democrat should vote 4 anything the GOP comes up with unless it is 2 improve ACA, not destroy it.
Sanders & Schumer aren't reliable.
The ACA already destroyed the health care system. You're all about choice except when it comes to health insurance. You want no choice.
You're arguing to keep a failed system intact... that makes no sense
Obama and dem congress destroyed it in 2010. Late as usual. 
Is that why Sanders has people talking crap about Pelosi? Save the ACA then u can talk Bernie!
How about a large group?  You know, the one that got Trump elected.
SMALL GROUP? Enough to take over congress & elect Republican President
Its a goner you and the devilcrats destroyed it.
Can't destroy something already derailed-only way is up from here.
I hope to God the Demoncraps lose at least 10 more seats in 2018. And they are slotted to lose them. Soooo sorry. BHO wiretapped BTW. 
Govts should stay out of healthcare & everything else

Didn't a Large group of Democrats already destroy our healthcare system with Obamacare?  Millions can't afford 2 pay deductibles
Activate, Bernie folk! VITAL 2 call yr Senators and hold friends and relatives across the country to do the same. (202) 224-3121
Don't just tweet/Facebook. Call and be counted! http://5calls.org  makes it so EZ! Also gr8:
Don't forget about election machine fraud within the US.
But they keep their Cadillac plans. Outrageous
Some would say your incessant attacks on Hilary also contributed to potentially destroying healthcare.
BERNARD... YOU SIGN UP FOR THIS PROGRAM... AMERICA WILL BE RIGHT BEHIND YOU.. SOMEHOW.. DON'T THINK YOU WILL BE SIGNING UP FOR THIS PROG.
Healthcare in this country is already ruined. Republican are try to fix it.
Let the Obamacare implode please let it implode if you're going to go as soon as I deal you deserve what you're going to get
What healthcare system? There's only one company now even in it!!!
So they don't have to vote on it before they read what's in it? Honestly go read a book.
You're a crook selling snake oil at an outrageous price. #BernieMadoffSanders
You should have thought about that before you confused the issue by bringing out your single-payer plan RIGHT NOW.
I called my Texas right wingers and said Please No hasty decisions!
Don't go there - keeping Americans in the dark - all of you were in the dark on the AHA...

Destroy a healthcare system that is already destroyed?
They work for us 
Exactly, OH PLEASE!!
Universal Heath Care for all USA citizens. It's a humans right and a mater of decency. Wake up USA!
Agree-that copyrighted by democrats. #Obamacare destroyed it. U don't have guts 2 do anything. @HillaryClinton cheated u& u said nothing.
Just a large group of Dems and socialists
Bernie, you are a 1 trick pony. Socialism, Socialism, Socialism.
Single Payer is the only way to go...it will bring the costs down and the quality of healthcare up! IT'S THE RIGHT THING TO DO!
NOT NOW
STOP FUNDING OBAMACARE EASIEST THING TO DO
Don't for get about #Democrats Bernie Sanders they're doing the same thing like Nancy Pelosi. #MedicareForAll
Well, a small group of your followers set us on this course.
Wait. There's a bit of irony in here somewhere.
It's how Dems did it with Obamacare.  How's it taste now? #hypocrites
You were so against this 20 years ago.
Watch out DEMS! 45 keeps his friends CLOSE...  ...ENEMIES CLOSER! Pretending to be Bipartisan on one matter, while THIS is BEHIND his BACK!
