#BREAKING: Vermont native killed in Las Vegas shooting. http://bfpne.ws/2yES9hd  #btv #vt @bfp_news (Pic: AP) 
What are you doing about gun control Bernie?
Bernie has voted in favor of a nationwide ban on assault weapons, and a nationwide ban on high-capacity magazines of over ten rounds
What's an assault weapon? Part of the problem the left has is they don't seem to understand how guns work. Knowledge equals good legislation
And the problem with the right is they are heartless and care more about their guns and money than they do of human beings.
So you, Bernie Sanders the Senator from Vermont are taking action?  Sponsoring legislation?  Taking on the NRA?  Details please!
What about gun control, Bernie? Don't run in 2020! #NeverBernie #BernieBrats #BernieBros
THESE STATEMENTS ARE LIES!! In fact, Bernie Sanders consistently voted FOR gun control & background checks! Why is @VABVOX tweeting lies?

So, what's your reply? It was blank.

He was weak on gun control according to the article.
He strongly supports gun control! Perhaps in1990 he was persuaded to vote against it, but one report in this day & age doesn't make it true.
Once too many times for me. #NeverBernie
We haven't forgotten you protecting the manufacturers of assault weapons.... and the NRA thanking you for it.
Sen. Sanders was spot-on in his comments about gun manufacturer liability/PLCAA http://cnsnews.com/news/article/susan-jones/sanders-what-youre-really-talking-about-ending-gun-manufacturing-america-I … #DemDebate 
You can be "deeply saddened" all you want. You have blood on your hands for repeatedly voting against gun control for political gain.
Watch your mouth.
You should also speak to the cops, civilians,  veterans etal who helped & shielded those not trained.  EXPOSE the multiple shooters DHS TOO
You have blood on your hands @SenSanders . You are no hero! You are a criminal.
@Wej12 @bfp_news Peaceful Americans have NOT risen up yet!All protests so far were 1st world.Block NRA!! #2ndAmendmentBLOWS
Mr. Sanders, what about the other 58+ victims and their family and friends?
My heart is broken and crying I was a True Believer and the Second Amendment not anymoreDrewcool.
he was one of your supporters, when are you going to disavow the incessant violence coming from your supporters?
Never does it make sense to arm regular citizens with automatic weapons. Never.
It is illegal, been for a looong time now, but like is outlawing drugs, people get them somehow.
I thought she was Manhattan Beach in Ca?
She was.
@BernieSanders pls tell me how can there be 2 windows broken 2 diff. Rooms. They say he went back fort.. how shots fired rapid. 2 shooters?
What is your source for the claim it was two different rooms?  And why is that so implausible, even if true? Explain.
Eye witness last night, standing across from the Mandaly, who saw two windows fall out almost simultaneously and saw “muzzle fire”.
Im srry its not a conspiracy theorie  im just worried 1 got away. I hear 2 guns at same time too. Other witness there swear 2 shooters.
No apologies necessary. It is beyond concerning to think some sick bastard possibly got away.
Thx. 
This tragedy would be less sad without a Vermonter victim? I don't understand
No. Just strangely territorial for a national-stage politician. I still want him to be president!
Our prayers go out to all hurt and killed in #LasVegas
Senator Sanders has not wavered or swayed to public opinion.                  #sanders2020
They don't need your heart. They need your ACTION.
How do you explain your votes on assault weapons?
It is time to allow citizens to sue gun manufacturers. Like. Every. Other. Company.
Las Vegas blood on your hands you put the red X on the backs of the AMERICAN PEOPLE
Add "as a result of policies I support" to your first sentence and perhaps your view that true gun control is "extreme" might feel awkward
You voted against the Brady Bill 5 times!!!  You are as complicit as Republicans.  Her blood is on your hands too!

shows no personal distress in his tweet.
Yet you politicize immediately and start profiting politically on it already shut up disgusting pigs
unfortunately thoughts and prayers won't stop other heinous mass shootings from happening, gun control legislation will! #actnow
@SenJohnMcCain unfortunately thoughts & prayers won't stop other heinous mass shootings from happening, gun control legislation will! Legacy
Your thoughts and prayers are not enough.  We need gun control.  We need NRA's money out of politics. NRA is the real terrorist organization

All of our congress and our state legislatures should go to jail for all these deaths.  It is them who allowed this to happen
Bernie it's All FAKE and you Know it, Knock It Off! #FalseFlag #Hoax #GunGrab #FakeMedia
Bernie, a very insensitive comment.  Are you only sympathetic toward any Vermonter that died? What about others or don’t they matter to you?

Can I get a -B on any tweet.
Hallelujah
Staffers speak for Jane now too?
Thanks staffer
Burning, when will our Congress be realistic about legal guns?
We cant even get a -B on this one.
Tell your staffer thanks for the condensenses
You are an ignorant old man. You won’t be remembered for anything other than  stupidity. You were unsuccessful in your ignorant endeavors.
Bernie your a loser get lost
your followers did it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What about the other 58 victims?
You are not 100% against guns. Can't have it both ways. 2nd amend applies to single shot muzzle loaders
I don't think we have to worry too much about those having been out there tonight.
Is your heart really with them?
Clinton was such a gun hero in 2008
@Wej12 @bfp_news Bernie it would be an honor for a lot of people if you visited Vegas. Sorry for your loss.
@BernieSanders voted to allow loaded guns in national parks, voted against background checks for gun show sales

How does a nut get Ten long gun's into hotel room need metal detectors all public places
Are you? Would have been nice if you hadn't voted against gun control multiple times.
Then why did you support the PLCAA and against the Brady Bill?????
Your country is in such disarray. Someone needs to take back control before it spirals totally out of control.
Mental health advocacy alone not enough! Stop the NRA! Shifting on CDC research and legal recourse changes came after massacres! Pathetic!

You mislabeled the last one... Trump.
#QatarDoc http://youtube.com/watch?v=kHXXan … help us fight Qatar. There is more to this than what it seems.
Cause Mass Murders: #Hawk Mentality—US #Wars—Violent #VideoGames—#IncomeInequality—Lack #MedicareForAll—True #GunControl Stop Manufacturing
Except you continually vote against gun control. #WTF!
https://www.sanders.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/sanders-votes-for-background-checks-assault-weapons-ban …

He voted in favor of a nation wide ban on assault rifles
Cause Mass Murders: #Hawk Mentality—US #Wars—Violent #VideoGames—#IncomeInequality—Lack #MedicareForAll—True #GunControl Stop  Manufacturing
so, you'll vote against silencers? Against the NRA who put you there?
I think they should #DraftNRASupporters & send them to fight ISIS so they can revel in their #WeaponsOfMassMurder w/silencers. #UShameGOD
Think all of you need to read about how gun laws & how they would have made NO difference. And by Lib WP
That's sad, people go to enjoy some music live and get killed. Why?


Maybe vote against gun control next time? Just sayin.
Bernie has voted on a nation wide ban of assault rifles and in favor of a nation wide ban on high-capacity magenzines oder ten rounds
@SenSanders our hearts go out to everybody froom all states this sad day, you failed again
Are you kidding? He made tweets about it earlier this morning. This is one for the VTer killed in Vegas which he just found out about.
"A Well Armed Militia"  Easy to read seemingly impossible for Americans to understand.
I'm so tired of signing petitions while the NRA lobby buys off Congress.  Something must be done NOW! Wake up America!  #StopTheCarnage!
Did Jane wrote that to you from prison?
You're  a class act Senator!

Should be sad for all the victoms bernie.   Not just one.   Who probly didnt even vote for u
you and your leftist friends brought on the toxic atmosphere that makes crazy liberals do things like this! You,re partly the blame!
Video of shooter at anti trump Sanders rally! OUCH! OUCH!
Why does that matter?
It's not true
FBI found Antifa literature in hotel room. A tragedy and a DEM Waterloo!
Cite your source.
You know he won't
Infowars
You have got to be joking.  Ok buddy. Please seek help. Truly deplorable to use this attack to further division here in USA.
I suspect he's a paid foreign troll/bot. One of his tweets directs me 2 "translate from polish". Idk much abt Twitter, but that seemed odd.
Thank you we need to change the gun laws Military Weapons should be banned. "SILENCER BILL" MUST BE KILLED IMMEDIATELY.
Fully automatic wespons are ILLEGAL.   Check ur facts before u type.   An what do silencers have anything to do with it.    He DIDNT use a silencer.     Which the proper term is suppressor. Anyway.
Let’s Arise in Prayer 
Thoughts and prayers, right? Why didn't you do more?
@SenSanders  Please. Please Introduce a bill to Repeal The Protection Of Lawful Commerce In Arms Act. #Enough
I supported your campaign, but won’t support you again until you and colleagues enact #GunControl NOW.
You know he cant do that alone, right?
Yup, but if he can put passion behind gun control like he has with single-payer health care, he might move the needle.
Yeah, and the majority of the fucking seats.
Even the gun owners don't want nuts to be armed, it's high time someone took the blood stained NRA on!!
How many Americans has ISIS killed?including soldiers? Nuts & gangsters take out more on any given week
Every life matters ..... Keep that in mind you old fuck-up .... Not just ones you recognize for a specific reason! Every single life matters
RIP 
Call your people off Bernie.

This rage has to stop.
What happened to Bernie? He just isn't the same since that time we all know he won the primaries.

Judging by his current tweets, his outlook on gun control has changed
Shooter was probably one of your supporters. 

Criminals don't care about laws. Then again, you know that already since you are one.
Point at REPUBLICANS, their VOTERS and NRA for fighting AGAINST GUN CONTROL! Weaponizing the 2ndAmendment for profits ignoring the MURDERS!
People will ridicule you for speaking about gun laws during tragedies, but if you don't speak NOW, they won't LISTEN LATER!

PRESIDENTIAL:
I call for a complete and total shutdown of assault rifle sales until we can figure out What The Hell is going on

@POTUS  DJT
Fucking do something that isn’t praying or thinking of victims. Insulting.
Yeah, vermont senator bernie sanders will do something about a vagas shooting
Heartbreaking for all those who traveled so far to have their lives ended
Get out of here with that heart crap. WE NEED GUN LAWS NOW. We don't want prayer or thoughts. Do something or shut it.
so sad.  I am truly sorry
So why have you voted against gun control????
so u do not join your fellow dems in not praying, thats good.
