It shouldn't be, but it *would* take a free-and-fair election. Which seems to be getting harder and harder to arrange.
No votes were changed, according to IC, propaganda has been in all elections. I didn't vote for Trump, b/c of bots.
Follow @mikefarb1. See #unhackthevote thread. Then claim no votes were changed.
Pro-HRC voters were discouraged by racism claims.
1/
IC explicitly said in testimony that they DO NOT INVESTIGATE ELECTION VOTES. They could not have said what you claim.
Busted.
2/
Votes didn't need to be changed. Voters just had to be influenced by lies to either change their vote or not to vote for HRC. 
3/
I am a life long R, but oddly, want D to create a message, beyond Identity politics and SJW. Our country is healthier, with blue dog D.
That's not so odd. Even before Trump, many Republican voters declared themselves fed up with the empty promises & doubling of US debt. 1/
Trump/TEA Party hijacked GOP moderates by threats of $$$ to unseat them.
#GOP voters hate:
- dark money
- lies
- scandals
- dirty pool
2/
Nazi POTUS? Not in my America. Ever! 
Nazi GOP enablers need to be called out for their amorality.
Its people like you, that your D party has lost over 1000 seats. This isn't your America, it all of ours. Stop the hysteria
Trump did, plus he was honest about the ANTIFA violence. Your support for ANTIFA, is disgraceful. I condemn them ALL!
Dem Operative felon Robert Creamer Visited Obama White House 342 times! Hmmmmm
UoldWith. Where is ur story on the hateful Leftist, ANTIFAR, BLM, ALT-LEFT MONSTER, MARIA CHAPPELLE-NADAL U OLDWHITEPRIVLEDGED Witch created
You should condemn all violence, b/c those with morals, such as MLK, understand violence doesn't win hearts and minds. Both sides are evil
Trump did...in a recent public announcement...some poeple dont have tv or were working...go on Youtube and watch it yourselves
They know he did... Now they are using the tragedy for politics... MSM isn't asking why the mayor or governor wasn't prepared...
One Bernie supporter shot a congressman... another one of his supporters stabbed someone to death... basically crickets
MSM didn't claim all the cop shootings were Obama's fault... didn't say his rhetoric caused it or brought rise to it...
It's time for many Trump supporters to call the cable companies and get rid of it... despite not looking at their channel.. they still get 
They are now deliberately lying to fit their leftist agenda and to keep us fighting each other when the truth is both sides were violent
Got that right. But nothing but *crickets* from the laughably hypocritical Left.
This video clip is 2 short to determine the context.
While we're toppling offensive symbols, what about the Historical Racist Democratic Party?
Dems seem to forget, you are 'NOT" the party in favor of emancipation or desegregation?  We should dissolve the party of slavery!
They also feared Roosevelt; Congress fought his agenda relentlessly; he ran his first term w/o VP. Our 3 branches and 2 parties are to blame
You mean this?:
https://twitter.com/USNJack/status/902276163397050369 …
And I assume you also condemn the alt left goon squad too, right?
BEST JOKE I saw about Pres Bozo looking straight at the sun:
Q:  Why did you stare at the sun?
A:  They let you do that when you're a star!
Evidently, it is not disgusting or ugly to him.  It is remarkable that this habitual liar would draw line there. "I am not saying that!"
U & MSM are a disgrace to journalism.  @POTUS has denounced all bad actors & did not state moral equivalency.  Do U denounce #BLM killing
(D) history of racism: 
@DineshDSouza  The founder of the KKKK Nathan Bedford Forrest, was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention
He denounced KKK since age 5. Here getting award w Rosa Parks. Dems & media pals create manufactured moral panic since they have no platform
Andrea: Hillary PRAISED KKK Sen Robert Byrd (D)  "He's My MENTOR ~ WILL YOU DENOUNCE @HillaryClinton
Pres has condemned.   Dems just lie.  Taxpayers demand Chapelle & Waters resign 4 their calls 2 assassinate President.  This is disgusting!
Sen Sanders with a child abuse promoter condemn yourself? Disavow yourself? Condem enslaver of women Shairia death cultist?
#maga
THE BAR IS ALREADY TO LOW FOR A PERSON TO HOLD THE OFFICE OF PRESIDENT OF THE USA= STOP ENABLING HIM
He embraces this ideology, Andrea.  This is who he is, and we should not expect him to embrace what he cannot. Sad, but very, very true.
Nothing has ever been shown where Pres Trump had any prejudicial inclinations that I have seen or heard you have any specifics?
You and all fake news reporters need to help President Trump and America! Not look for flaws and condemnation.

Has .@SenSanders condemned .@MariaChappelleN for her call for .@POTUS's assassination? Has .@HillaryClinton? Waiting. Get busy, hypocrites.
How can you lump @SenSanders w/ those others mentioned...he is Independent.  And does nt support there philosphy.  If asked wld condem it.
Oh, he has to be asked?
It's not asking to much for everybody wake up and see America has been heading for civil war. President can't fix stupidity.
You are a white previllage racesest. Conning the very people you claim to help. SHAME ON YOU
Rigging a federal election & covering it up is RICO  yet U never mention that. How did it work out giving him all of that free advertising?
OMG he has said this but you & Mr Sanders have selective hearing.
This petition is simple in nature yet potentially very powerful for the resistance. Please sign and share.

#Resist
The people will have their say in 2018 Dems ain't going to like it they are finished
He must be a sociopath and very undiplomatic!
How about attacking the Nazi funded antifa hate group, soros is a Nazi he funds antifa so antifa is a Nazi group, print that, it's the truth
Especially when he condemns things all the time, like pregnant woman.
Of course you miss the point bc you want to destroy Trump. NOT A BIG SECRET
There WERE ppl there who wanted to save History good or bad
...apparently, it is hard: it took A LOT of "encouragement" to get him to say something... and it was obviously forced
You have no credibility you and your colleagues sold out to the Democrats in 1972. You should be ashamed to claim the title reporter.
40,000 lack healthcare
60,000 workplace-related
54,000 air pol
100,000 med mal
100,000 hos  infec
100,000 legal drugs
Street&HomeCrime14,000
@POTUS- @realDonaldTrump  you need to read this Donnie!
Think he said better. @BernieSanders
Yes, Trump should have been more clear that the Alt-Left was disgusting. So is the liberal MSM that continues to fuel their ignorance. #MAGA
Don't believe the lie! TRUTH about Charlottesville!
https://youtu.be/bFNOfG7Zbzc 
https://youtu.be/JSOoh_bbvwU 
He did.! Do you really think that the American people are that Dumb, We All have TV, go back to your little bubble Coastal Liberal Elite.!
He did. Are you illiterate?
How many times in how many ways can he condemn it??? Never enough for you.
Andrea you're no longer a journalist. You're no better than propaganda in communist China or Russia who sold out the needs of the people
FACTS avoid by Democrats&Republicans: In demonstrations different types of people good bad Peaceful&extremists
Agreed @cnn is #FakeNews and I condemn it

Try again sweetie
I didn't elect Trump to weigh in on a protest brawl in Virginia! Economy, national & border security, high taxes, illegal immigration, Islam
Why doesn't the media ask him about his KKK loving father?
HE DID YOU JUST REFUSE TO HEAR IT!!!!!!!
he has said that over and over and over and over and over and over
Both sides are disgusting.  Anybody who does not see that has no vision.  Not heard the alt right calling for death of police but BLM did
Stup up Sanders... HE DID!!! Go play with Hillary!!!!
Can't believe Trump was mean to these peaceful protesters with pipes being ignored by undercover cops
He did, Hellen Keller. Try listening
Andrea You Are A Liar -Period.
Hillary is still NOT my President ... I thank God every day ....
He must be a white nigger to right? Sen Robert Byrds (D)2 favorite word, when Grand Wizzard of kkk drop the white
He said it 17 million times.  Literally.  You all are pathetic.
in 8 yrs, never heard the Obama-nation condemn violence...in fact he promoted it whenever possible.....and still doing it
He actually did say that. Stop lying. You behave like spoiled children.
He did do that, more than one. Clean your ears. I will pray for you.
I guess you were in a COMA when @realDonaldTrump did this Saturday, Monday, AND Tuesday. Wake the F up Fake News
I think he did condemn it, he equally condemned the mask wearing Antifa fascists too, who were also part of the problem and without permits.
Andrea,
What thread of a career u have left won't be saved by mocking Trump. Seriously u r as object as Korean leader
It's not asking very much to condemn Antifa, Black Panthers or BLM.
Ih.. he did say that
Yeah. Obama should have done that.
He did!  Sorry you missed it, can't change your mind it's just like the rest of the hate groups that tear us all apart
Some reporters should find another profession, when their ability to hear and comprehend have failed them.
Give up the dream, Andrea. Even if he were to say it, he wouldn't mean it.
My Uncle who was Mexican-American died on the Battlefield on Normandy unlike our POTUS who never served in the Military. I'm Appalled.
As you "journalist" keep ignoring what he said and keep pushing that he never did, you are proving to us what your true intentions are.
all forgot soldiers slaughtered @FT.Hood work place violence &OBAMA played golf when American beheaded!!!
What are you? Deaf??? He said it. You are #FakeNews
That is what I say whenever I think about your husband’s policies and how it destroyed our economy, retirements, and savings. #BlameBigEars
Please.... your bias offends...
Where were you and the Democrats when the Alt Left burned out Berkley, CA 
Such hypocrisy
HE DID, OVER AND OVER AND OVER. Are you a brown shirt? You are acting like one.

Like Obama did over Furgeson? Like Obama did for the riots in Dec.16 & Jan.17? Can't have it both ways. You need 2 be called out.
HES SAID IT 3 DAYS IN A ROLL "U PEOPLES DON'T LISTEN" BLACKS LIVES MATTER SHOULD NOT HAVE SURROUNDED "THE "KKK " TAKE$ TWO TO TANGLE "
He did he's just trying not to give other side a free pass to act a fool!
He did!  You are just biased and closed your ears to ANYTHING he had to say!
He did, after he received enough facts. Were you napping?
New York is named after the Duke of York, he was a slave trader. Change the name. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royal_African_Company …
Still waiting for you to stand up & say ANTIFA ARE TERRORISTS, AND THEY DO NOT REPRESENT THE DEMONKRAUT PARTY. But, since they do.....
You are lying and the very definition of #fakenews!
And he has in more than 4 speeches in the last 5 days
Our president did what was right. Now it's your turn. Quit CNN.
I demand that you CONDEMN specifically the BLM murders against police officers and the left-wing assassination attempt of GOP reps.
He did!  Aren't you guys paying ANY attention?  Clearly, you edited it out of your #FakeNews or you too would have heard it, MULTIPLE times!
The only thing that is disgusting is your fake news and phony reports
He did.
You mean Sell out to the highest bidder Bernie?
Are you referring to the millions who lost their homes because of your husband & his cronies, Andrea?
He did.  Wasn't you listening? You obviously only hear what you want. But the truth shall set you free....
Your reporting is disgusting and millions of Americans condemn it. So if we form a mob and prevent you from working would that be ok?
You Dem shills are sickening... @POTUS said all of that and told the truth about both sides being violent...
Libs cannot tolerate the truth. They're incapable of taking their own violent nazis to task.
My gosh! How many times does he have to say that??!! Is it too much 4 U to speak the truth? Why can't U say, "AntiFa R domestic terrorists"!
Yet he still won't condemn the DNC for colluding with the HRC campaign during the primaries.
He said it several times u old goat!
Is it not too much to condemn a phony sell out senator on the take and a once proud news corp that is no longer unbiased news?
Also not too much to ask people like you to stop lying to us.
Bernie has obviously lost his hearing too.

he condemn this act first day but KBG media say he didn't say their name so he come back condemn it again and by name still not good emough
It's not much to ask that ALL VIOLENCE be condemned. There's no excuse for any of it. Both sides were armed to the teeth and are guilty.
He did do u Evan hears ears Andrea Mitchell or r they closed like your eyes get a brain lady or get off the air
#GeneralKelly needs to resign if he wishes to keep his rep intact. To serve #Trump is to endorse him & his #hate. #NBCNews #ABCNews #CBSNews
Racist
He absolutely did denounce it, what the hells wrong with you?
He did. Catch up Sanders.. sorry I guess yr busy helping yr wife fudge numbers and cheat NEW HAMPSHIRE AND OR government!

#ANTIFAisKKK #BLMisKKK
He did maybe Bernie should stop his supports
Well then you ought to be happy because that is exactly what the POTUS did. He condemned them all & separately.
He did you twit!
Tell you What Andrea.  Since ANTIFA  is made up of his followers, you give them cover, and your friend SOROS funds their activities. HONESTY
When are you and NBC going to disavow Antifa Andrea ?  Still waiting!!  its been 5 days
Andrea r u 2cowardly 2call out the other hate groups? U&Sen Sanders take a pass 2pt out that BLM&Antifa were side by side w/WS w/clubs Y?
Still waiting on Obama to disavow BLM.  How long has it been Andrea ?
WereU upset when @BernieSanders supporters shot Repubs & stabbed 2 men to death DT DID CONDEMN THEM U #hypocrite & SO DID REPUBS DEMS=ANTIFA
What a SHAME you & your colleagues weren't as EAGER to quote #Bernie's POLICY STANCES CONTRASTED WITH CORPORATE HRC DURING THE PRIMARIES.
And tell us again How many times does he need to, you ignore,and demand it again? You twist everything he says into nothing he meant
Why r u and MSM protecting hate groups like Antifa & BLM? Tens of millions of Trump supporters r ready to hit streets if necessary to stop u
Why do u continue to lie about POTUS? Your hate-filled intolerant bigotry is bringing USA to edge of civil war!
AMEN!!!
This is a blatant lie. The MSM is the enemy of the American people.  They just lie, lie, lie leads to violence all in the name of ratings.
You need a hearing check up! Along with the rest of you non hearing whiners!
This is EXACTLY what President Trump said! Are you deaf? Or just dishonest and telling a hateful story of fiction for malevolent purposes?
HE DID!!!  Sit down!
He did! Where the hell were you?
It can't be forced, if he doesn't feel it then it's meaningless
He does say that, but about women, pretty regularly.
Bernie was the choice of youth-Independents(46% voters)+Prog's in US
Never would you have condoned any DT like atrocities=DPmust pick better
Hahaha - you never had a choice though did you? Bernie was a rouse. His entire candidacy was a game for the DNC.
Both the Russian+DNC worked against Bernie
He wasn't a rouse+Indies unable chose who on ticket
but rep 46%ALL RegisteredVoters-time fix that


Um. 
He did.
I think people are going deaf...
Actually, it seems like you're the one that can't hear the dog whistle he's blowing.
Media will forgive him by dinner
You asked and I said no. They are my friends with @DrDavidDuke
@realDonaldTrump @JulianAssange @wikileaks Did Andrea see the FULL Press Conference, or prior Statements of Condemnation? #Podesta #SethRich
He did!
Pretty sure that was said Senator.
Annnd yet no sense of balance on a #POTUS  NOT SAYING #RADICALISLAMICTERRORIST. #HYPOCRACYATITSHEIGHT
Sounds like we as a Society need to publicly condemn Trump. Media needs to turn their backs on him when he speaks. But keep tapes rolling.
Democrat demagogues have incited division via identity politics for years, yet they take no responsibility when it predictably goes wrong.
We could have had that, but you spent so much of 2016 turning yourself into a pretzel of false equivlence that we have this instead.
HE DID!
Apparently it is asking too much.  We need to send our voices loud and clear that what Trump & white supremacists say doesn't represent USA
Apparently it is. #AMR We know DJT protects his $ interests (eg Putin) so could there be financial ties that stem from the Duke association?
People need to hear that the Nazis march is the absolute worst hate and (leftist) protesting (hating hate) is not as bad. Ok How old are we?
May i have the specific quote where Obama condemned cop haters
Probably get knocked down
Umm - he did, but you people will never listen and give him credit. FAKE NEWS, swamp Senator
I did not, Toni. Don't spread rumors and offend my friends @DrDavidDuke. I do not condemn nor disavow.
What the #MSM is not telling you. #NoIntegrtityInJournalism #DeportSoros & his #PaidProtesters #SorosCivilWar #Treason #FalseFlag #Cville
Ooops typed too fast *Integrity ...but Im sure the message is clear
