The agreement allows them to achieve a nuclear warhead, i’d rather be isolated then stand by & not try to stop it
Baseless and false! How exactly the agreement allows that?!
You haven’t read it, there is no monitoring or inspections of their military sites. It also allows further development of ballistic missles
Military inspection of all sites including military is possible with probable cause. Not just bcoz Nicky Haley feels like it. So far none.
It’s decertified Friday
And that wouldn't hurt anyone but the US, in the int'l community. Hear it from the High Rep. of EU - @FedericaMog
Won’t hurt us, wait until sanction reinstated, EU can do business w Iran or US. Not both.
Thing is this: Trump has spent years bashing the nuke deal as a disaster, now being forced to repeatedly certify that his past rhetoric was-
And destroy American credibility to make future agreements!
It's almost like treaties are supposed to be ratified by Congress, specifically to avoid situations like that.  Thanks, Obama (and Corker)!
I’ll admit to complete ignorance about how treaties are ratified! Going to do some homework on the subject!
Except that JCPOA is not a treaty! It is an Executive Agreement and ratification is not required.
If anything, this may actually restore our credibility by making Trump and future presidents submit treaties as treaties so that they last.
Well, thats one way to put it, but the world beg to differ:
As I'm sure you know, and as the rest of the world knows, executive agreements can be put in place by one guy and removed by one guy.
This deal is not bilateral or treaty material, It is a UNSC matter. No country's parliament ratified anything regarding this nuke deal.
Trump is a mistake, he needs to be stopped, the world is laughing at America now and maybe forever. Little Donnie has reduced USA to trash
Obama reduced us to trash for 8 years!  Trump is trying to fix Obama crap!
Economy doing great right now!  Coal miners going back to work! He rescinded fake Paris agreement and cut ridiculous regulations!  MAGA!
23 environmental rules rolled back google it!
Go google it!  You can't handle the roll back of regulations!
He's gonna soon have the world turn their back on us.
Yop
Duh. That is Chumps point.
Here ya go Senator, this may help you. If one of your people has the time to watch it and explain it to you.
Kinda like the DNC isolated you.
Glad to see the high level of discussion today. A real convocation of great thinkers.
Yes from Iran... And that's a good thing. Good grief man get it together.
USA's credibility to comply n stick to any int'l deal that it signs goes down the drain. Paris Accord, TPP, now Iran deal, next NAFTA. #MAGA
Wrong Commie Bernie. Iran has violated FAKE Agreement since day 1. It should have been decertified day 2! Iran will bomb Israel 1st chance
Another illegal act by President Obama. President Trump trying to fix
As opposed to what the Obama deal did? I mean what could be worse than,
-Giving pallets of cash
-Terrorists
-Ability make nuclear weapons?
Firstly, the US didn’t give Iran money. They gave Iran the money back from sanctions (in which they froze Iran’s economy).
They gave them back their money. Secondly, Iran is Shia Shias are more moderate. How many people have died from Shia terrorist attacks? Zero
So your claim of Iran being a state sponsor of terrorism is (judging from your tweet where it “terrorists) simply inaccurate.
Terrorists attack are carried out by fundamentalist Sunnis, Wahhabis, and Salafists, not Shias.
Finally, in the nuclear agreement it was required that Iran must use nuclear power facilities for energy only. They cannot make a nuke.
The IAEA had to monthly on their nuclear facilities to check for nuclear weapons (which they don’t have).
The same IAEA who were made mugs of by Iran before as well as NoKo?! Please stop you're embarrassing yourself.
So when did you the socialist become an expert on foreign affairs, man you sure are stupid
Read up on Keshe Plasma Technologies..., reason for the treaty in the first place
We need Trump to take his marbles and go home.
Isolating us from the rest of the world

And you want to turn this country into another Venezuela where everything is FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Seriously ? What do you know? I lived through Chavez' whole mandate and Trump is almost an identical copy.
Who benefits from that? Putin, again
Putin benefits anytime the United States is diminished as a world leader
Russi and china are the adults in the room while the US goes begging for war. Be careful what you wish for. The next war will come here.
Trump may merkel and putin the 4 stooges.
actually only two stooges there and Putin is not one of them.
No he is, an homophobic killer.
To be clear, not defending Putin. just pointing out who’s actually pulling the strings here. Probably 1/2 the ppl here r fake bot accts.
Yeah, you have a point there.
And destroying the credibility of America’s word in future negotiations
Oh no!!!! The most vile nations on the planet don't like us!!!
That’s not the point. It has to with our allies. Successful diplomacy rests on the solidity of our honor and our word in int’l agreements
Isolating the US from an evil regime is a feature, not a bug.
Evil regim??are you joking?
I guess Iran isn't evil if you love the oppression women, the murder of gays and Christians, things like that... you go Saeed, you go!!!
What are you saying?
Dont trust tv news
I think it is very obvious what I am and what you believe. And I don't have to listen to the news to know the truth about Iran.
So?? This was not my answer
Naw, just that Iran being evil is joke.
@fezhsny ای کاش این پیرمرد رئیس جمهور میشد، به جرات دنیا جای بهتری برای زندگی می بود!
@SenSanders ,you can translate in google trans. :)
It would be. But not without diplomacy.
Trump just doesn't care, Bernie, he just doesn't care. I'm 67 and I've never felt so scared in my life. Cuban missle crisis- much less scary
You are wrong Mr Sanders.Iran is a dangerous terrorist country, so it will be a wise idea to decertify the Iranian deal
What you know about iran mr farcas?? Answer me honestly
The terrorists Republic of Iran organized and give the operative resources for the Amia terrorist act on 1992 in Buenos Aires among many oth
That incident that was not fixed
Are you know any thing els??
So why chant death to America???
Would be chanting death to europe
How can he be so arrogant to think he can make these decisions when he is not experienced nor does he take any advice from those who are!
You're talking about Bernie?
Sanders/trump Where Are Your Income Tax Returns? What are you Hiding From The American People? #NeverNRABernieSanders
Dump Trump is not my President,he has to get out of White House NOW!
He was elected by the people!  Get over it!
Was kinda interesting when you guys called anything you didnt like, fake or misinformation, now its getting old.
Isolating us from what? A nuclear Iran?
From the rest of the world. The agreement won't stop, just our voice in it.
How Bowing out of this bogus deal isolate us from world? Explain.
Iran deal involves the U.K., Germany, France, the EU, Russia, and China. they're not going to withdraw from the deal or reimpose sanctions
if U.S. withdraws, Iran can say "Deal's off, and it's not our fault," enrich uranium again, and keep doing business with Europe and China
Also it shows that US is not to be trusted with making deals/commitments in the int'l community. First it was the Paris accord & now its...
JCPOA that US is quitting on, NAFTA be next? What guarantee is there that this administration’s deals will be respected by the next admin.?!
Trump is already trying to renegotiate NAFTA, and every indication is he's not going to get the "better deal" he's looking for.
You don’t have a clue what you’re talking about Bernie! You thought it was a good idea to give Iran billions of dollars up front 2 fund Terr
Well, US created Al-Qaeda and ISIS, still providing air cover for them in Syria, all good? Name one terrorist attack with Iranian ties plz?
Only one...? Have you heard of Israel before?
Your a Jew that supports a deal to wipe out Israel? Simmer down old man rivers
Iran threats against IL are just rhetoric. They have no real interest of going on a suicidal mission against IL
They legit write “death to Israel” on their rockets...
Yeah but it’s all bullshit. They know they have no chance of survival against direct conflict with IL
Yeah they write"death to Israel" and they chant death to America. How many attacks on the US soil happened by Iranians in the past 40 yrs?!
My concern wasn’t America. They know someone will bring fire and fury to them  just Bc they haven’t attacked us means it’s right?
So you are scared of words? Or do you know of any attacks/aggression  at all by Iranians which keeps u up at night?
Btw, they know that fire n fury someone is neck deep in crap in Iraq/Afghanistan n NK for years to come, Iran been n is safe.
It will make you A$$ hats in house and senate do something for once. Too late to get the money back though
WRONG OBAMA'S AGREEMENT GAVE IRAN BILLIONS TO BUILD & SPREAD TERROR VIA NUCLEAR  WEAPONS ! CUT THE CRAP BERNIE !!
I think the Donald is the one who needs to be "certified" and the decertified as prez.
Maybe that’s what Putin wants Trump to do is isolate the United States
Thank God we got rid of Pajama Boy. It's good to have an Alpha male running the country. Sir why don't you just crawl back into your shell.
Really!!! You're so close minded
Nuke them all!
Bernie your just
The deal with Iran gave the US nothing, zero.  Trump is right on about Iran.
Why do you hate this country so Bernard?

Go take a nap old man.
Decertify? Is that like declaring bankruptcy ?
Im liking this #MAGA more and more everyday ... get lost OLD MAN who threw supporters under the bus for hillary  #tcot

He is distorting #US ruining #America! How to we get him out? @BarackObama @realDonaldTrump @CNN @foxnation @NBCNews @ABCPolitics #helpus
And if we don't decertify the agreement, it's the best way to Ensure Iran Has Nuclear weapons! They probably already Have Them!!
Do you ever speak intelligence? Let's wait until they become N.Korea? #Dumbassery
Can you go away yet??? You lost to Hillary for God Sake if you can’t beat Hillary you get no Voice .... lol
Trump thinks foreign policy is another contractor he wont pay
We are lucky you aren't protecting our nation. The Iran deal is a joke, and you don't give nuclear weapons to fanatical terrorist states!
WILL SOMEONE PLEASE GIVE TRUMP A COPY OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND A COPY OF THE BILL OF RIGHTS
BERNIE, WE NEED TO END TRUMPS DICTATORSHIP, HE IS DESTROYING OUR COUNTRY AND RELATIONSHIPS AROUND THE WORLD
Bernie. You left out how many would be killed. WTF
#StickToTheScript
#FuckIran you senile old man.
PLEASE STOP BORROWING MONEY ONLY TO GIVE IT AWAY TO FOREIGNERS. GIVE THE AMERICAN TAXPAYERS A BREAK.  STUPID IS AS STUPID DOES.
Yup, from a nuclear Iran. I’ll allow it!
You do things even if it hurts American interests because you don't want to stand alone. America does stand alone as the greatest!
Wake up @BernieSanders, @BarackObama has separated us from our true allies. @POTUS is rebuilding greatness, watch and learn!
Can't blame Trump for wanting to get out of a terrible deal made by Obama administration.  Iran still develops rockets under current plan.
Bernie don’t look now but you are a in an agreement with a terrorist country.
People honestly think this guy is smart.
Give bernie a break. His wife is under investigation, Bernie is old can't get it up, so he tweets ignorant crap that means nothing
From who?
Are YOU taking ca$h from Iran, too?
Nothing? You're calling nuclear weapons in Teheran "nothing"? I hope for this ASAP. And Saudis are shitting their pp...robes.
Isolating us from Iran is a bad thing in Bernie's world view
You mean the country that says "Death to America" after everything?
Isolating us from whom?!?! THANK GOD YOU WEREN'T ELECTED!!
...and this is a BAD thing because...?
Yeah, right!  You are nothing but a socialist and wouldn't respond to anything that does good for America!
Two nations 

Two different directions
fine--we don't want this deal at all. Obama did this to destroy us.
fine--we don't want this deal at all. Obama did this to destroy us.
And keep a campaign promise: But we all know how the left feels about them
.
They "achieve nothing" #YourOwnWords
Rex Tillerson, James Mattis, McMaster, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Dunford, England, Germany and France are saying Iran is complying
Talk to @AIPAC, Bernie.
Like the tweet, now what will our elected officials actually DO about it? Anything? Or just have staff tweet the "right" tweets...?
right sir, he needs to be stopped, more senators need to speak out and not be afraid.
from terrorists state?  i'll take it
He's so focused on destroying anything Obama, he doesn't realize or care that he's setting the country back. 45 worst ever, period!
Good decertify this mess!
Bernie Sanders go to sleep somewhere and rest your voice and let President Donald Trump take care of everything.
#NeverDJTHRC #NeverNeoLiberalNeoCons Beware of @POTUS44 Plan “modernize” our nuclear arsenal—Rearming for apocalypse
Let's also condemn ISRAEL Zionists who are the pushers of the Iran decertification. What Trump is doing on behalf of Israel is MADNESS.
Dear Bernie go peddle your socialist sell out stick someplace else.That IRAN deal was a huge slap in the face of America from 0. MAGA!
Bernie you old whacko Communist sit down
That is stupid. The USA will never be isolated.
Nice to know you support a regime that wants all Americans and all Jews dead.
Iran agreement was a joke to begin with. No inspections on military bases, weeks prior notice required for inspections. Testing ICBMs.
All this piece of crap agreement guarantees is that in about 8 years Iran will have Nuclear Tipped ICBMs!
I love you Bernie. Sorry but the thought of Iran having nuclear material of any kind keeps me awake at night. A nuclear Iran-not a good idea
I'm certain that's what he wants. Those who are alone are easier to control. Classic abusive behavior. Only now it's a whole country.
So what the Iran deal doesn't mean squat now away,  Iran duped Obama and Dems making us look like fools, just like the Bowe Bergdahl deal
In 8 years we would have another NK You are wrong
Were we isolated before the disastrous Iran nuke deal made by king Obummer?I DONT THINK SO PAL..
Thanks a lot sir; you are exactly a gentelman
Au contraire.
That's his entire plan. Isolation.
Crazy uncle Bernie is yelling again.... Isolating from who? Nobody in the world liked this deal. Go back into your padded room Bernie
Bernie, if you only knew how many Americans would like to see you go home and shut the hell up. You lost, You let Hillary ruin you. Goodbye
@POTUS  Please decertify the deal and support IRANIAN PEOPLE.
Yeah. I heard that on MSNBC too. But thanks person who writes Bernie's tweets.
This deal should have never been made 30 days ever inspection  my company can move mountains in 30 days what makes you think Iran
Can’t move Nuclear weapons in 30 days to prepare for their inspection
You are such a pussy
My God he is such an idiot...he is destroying our very existence....Mueller, anytime you're ready...HELP US RID THIS THING FROM OUR LIVES
That's hot off the the communist press! Lol
Bullshit!
From nuclear Iran-You are a liberal so you are required to disagree Even if your views harm America.Just as long as you disagree with trump
It doesn’t isolate us/brings out this horrible deal/take the power away from Iran /puts it N our court/sends a message that enough is enough
Isn't that what Putin wants?..
I'll bet bill Clinton said the same thing about North Korea back in the day!
I think that’s the idea.
Good
Just like withdrawing from the Paris Agreement did. Nationalistic isolationist behavior
I wish you would isolate yourself from the U.S. you communist dinosaur. Go preach your nonsense to the good folks of Pakistan
And don’t forget the millionaires and the billionaires and the millionaires and the billionaires and the millionaires and the billionaires
Isn't it his goal? He already alienated the U.S from the rest of the world a while ago!
So you approve then? Because I am all for isolating us from Iran.
No, it would isolate Iran, a major sponsor of terrorism. That's a good thing, Bernie. Whose side are you on?
That's his plan along with Russia.
And make Putin very happy!
Perfect! #IranDeal
We HOPE that's all it would achieve. He doesn't realize with what difficulty that was achieved. Nor does he incline to keep our promises.
Worse
And isolating Iran from the ability to have necular development for power and weapons. Sounds like a favorable trade off for America.
Bullshit
It seem that isolating the US is how Trump is going to #MAGA
I still wish that you were the president
Good.  You should be ashamed of your lack of help towards Isreal.  Move the embassy to Jeruselim.
Hes doing a grand job of that without the Iran agreement.
Ty trump
You are laughable at this point. To think you were even semi close to the White House is chilling.
Are you serious - Bernie you may be losing your marbles - Iran deal is crap that you dems lied about
From who Bernie. A hostile regime that hates America.
Pres. Smaug is damaging the US around the world and soon we will be left behind on many fronts, mainly economic and safety.
Country's on fire!  #Trump wants us in a war! Scary times. You should be are president #Bernie

I think it's his goal.
That's what he wants. His "Pro America" rhetoric is just like N Korea.
LOL #lefties
Turkish newspaper urges the United States be listed in Guinness Book of World Records as the Country with the Most Foreign Intervention
Ceck this long list of USA intervention
https://academic.evergreen.edu/g/grossmaz/interventions.html …
Just an observation: there is no coherent arguments from Trump supporters here, just stupid one-liners. Lack of geopolitical sense is scary.
It would also demonstrate to the world that any agreements with the U.S are worthless and that the U.S. is not to be trusted.
Henry Wallace was right...
It has achieved nothing anyway.
Brouhaha!!! Another gem from the senator!  US can’t be isolated.  It’s like ignoring the sun in the solar system! Too big and too bright
So Obama cowering & pissing on himself, then paying a $1.7B ransom/bribe  to Iran is good for the US's Global reputation?
But, we are already isolated. Thanks to Trump! Is it just my opinion?
The question is hows he making any decisions when hes not fit to be POTUS The Republicans need to step up NOW & have him removed be4 to late
Good!
Bernie, you lost - go away.
He is doing it deliberately
If the world won't isolate Iran, why would they isolate us? They're shaking us down for cash. And no way they're giving up the bomb.
Give it a rest Bank Fraud Bernie! Enough of your shit political rhetoric! Pay back your bank loans you dead beat!
About time
.@SenSanders Yeah, from Iran, dumdum.
Are you implying the rest of the world would choose to side with a known state sponsor of global jihad over the USA?
100% true. It was made with 5 other countries involved. Deal will still hold, but the US will lose even more standing with Iran and allies.
What you can expect out of many west Africans. Who are ingrates...
Get him out of office!  He's incompetent and dangerous!
Go away you communist...
Thats why we need to BAN TRUMP NOW.
Why dont you get a life and quit pushing you socialistic agenda???
A bad deal is a bad deal. The US leads, and others will follow if we simply do the right thing. Throw out this ridiculous agreement.
By others, you mean Russia, China or the EU?
FYI this is where the EU stands:
rabid dogs should be isolated
Keep speaking Senator Sanders.
Spoken like a true Communist. The politbureau couldn't have written a better press release.  
It would let Iran know that they aren’t meeting expectations.  The US is still the most powerful country on the planet.
sellout
