FDA approves Gilead cancer gene therapy; price set at $373,000 http://reut.rs/2yUmnAS  
No one should die because they can't afford medication they need. But that's what happens when we let drug makers charge whatever they want.
My co pay for new med for Pulmonary Embolism $200 ! No help from Big Pharma due to having "supplemental Ins."!!!
Capitalism at it's best
Yes, we have capitalism to thank for much of the medicine that saves lives.
Shit I get the same medicine in Canada for free how weird and all without capitalism

'It's insane': Ont. patient told she'd have to wait 4.5 years to see neurologist http://ctv.news/yVsipRi 
You should read the whole article and the comments right in the article it says she could drive 20 minutes to Toronto and see a neruo surgeon in a month nice try though but what ever makes you feel better about your situation
It’s well known Canadian medical services often involve significant treatment delays. Free healthcare ain’t worth much of you die waiting
Not one person has ever died in Canada because they had to wait. Why do you spread false information. Shit i see why because you have 30 followers hiding behind a fake name. Didn't know that and that explains everything. Last comment
https://www.fraserinstitute.org/sites/default/files/effect-of-wait-times-on-mortality-in-canada.pdf …
People with advanced degrees in hard sciences are rare and are paid like it.  Do you think people should not be paid for their work?
They need to fund new research so they can bring these treatments to the mainstream. How DARE you take political advantage of their progress
It is a perfect system for the CEO’s of drug making companies who are rich as pharmaceutical phuck!
Wonder how #they'd be if the #shoe was on the other #foot. Meaning what if it were them unable to #afford #meds. & might have to #die.
Those bastards.
Those bastards!
Normally I don't jump into these conversations but as someone in this field I don't believe you understand exactly how difficult it is to make a cell based therapy like this.
balance science, profit and patient affordability That's the difficulty
True. But by comparison this is the most complicated product ever produced in the industry.
I appreciate the science, come from a medical background but the breakthrough therapies need to be available to everyone
This therapy is only for people for whom other conventional therapies have been exhausted.
hope all types of insurances will cover drug.Husband has HN CA HPV18 Stage4. Insurance fight constant even tho Mayo in our network-good luck
Sorry to hear that. I'm not sure how they will handle it. In the clinic it has shown a high degree of "complete response". If they feel it's good enough they should cover it.
As for my husband we are adhering to Mayo FL's treatment and staying on top of current research & publications - we expect good results!
If you want to understand why this is as expensive as it is I can give you a brief rundown of that.
Research and development of new drugs and treatment protocols are not cheap!
Unless you know the costs of the R&D, you really can’t say that! most businesses cost out their expenses for R&D during the first few years
I think that’s flawed generalization.For example Pfizer spends millions on advertising and billions on R&D.  I haven’t researched this co.
Why are so many US-corporations dominated by a sick, money orientated, mentality???
Gee, I wonder why all these money making enterprises are dominated by money oriented mentality 
As if these enterprises are lead by some kind of GOLLUM, degenerated humans.
Or, y'know, people actually good at what they were hired to do?  Make money.
Yes, most people are mechanized monkey's.
Bleeding Heart is not a CEO job requirement.
Im Scottish. Every day I wake up knowing if anything goes wrong I'm covered. I'm not scared because the NHS will save me. Come on USA!
Do the Scotts have open borders and cover anyone who shows up legally and illegally.
We have open borders! I reckon we take the good and the bad on the chin...its amasing because the bad always, always make headlines :)
Just returned from Ireland,people there said healthcare is expensive, not free, and had long waits for treatments, hope Scotland is better
In my experience I phone a doctor when Im ill. Within 1 week (a few days if its urgent) someone diagnoses me. Im then treated. I dont pay
Do illegals get the same treatment?
Fucks sake, all I know is that if you are human and you live in Scotland and something goes wrong, we will help. We will help.
Good to know , if something goes wrong we can all head over to Scotland.
#MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll #MedicareForAll
Do you not understand how expensive and risky Gene therapy is?
And the government is taking a cut of the profits!
Unacceptable.
What's your idea Bernie, communism.#BERNIEGOHOME
Y not use the money u stole from ur contributors u lied 2 u caved 2 Clinton sell two of ur three houses give the money to needy
I'm sure they'll accept donations if your check card handy
Bernie would you please release your financial records!!! The public should know how you have prospered at the public trough!!!
You could always invent gene therapy and do it cheaper and put Gilead out of business. I bet you won't though. It's easier to criticize.
Greedier than @TheDemocrats whose only path to wealth is out of some else’s pocket?
@SharylAttkisson If it cost a billion $ to develop a drug, how is co to recoup costs if we don't pay? Should gov(taxes) pay?
How much did it cost in R&D to develop? How much insurance are they required to have because you won't do tort reform?
If they didn’t act “greedy” and want to make lots of money, would they even bother to develop gene therapy?
Do you have any concept of how much money it takes to develop successful drugs?  Not to mention the 9 out of 10 that fail? You are a fraud.
Perhaps patents protect investment but in cases like these they need 2b contingent on reasonable market $. Govt control not the answer tho.
What's your alternative Bernie? Oh, yeah, FREE!
Thank you Gilead, for investing money & taking risks to invent a new cancer therapy that will eventually be affordable for most folks.
Alternate tweet: Gilead develops therapy to treat incurable cancer for $100,000 less than only alternative, saving 1000s lives per year
In current system the guy that needs this gene therapy pays for it. In Bernie’s dream world everyone else would. Nothing is ever free. Socialism by default eats itself. They all fail because they are enacted faithfully.
How much does it cost to research and develop this? I’d rather have a for profit system where the guy that saves lives gets rich. In the non profit govt world the only motivation is keeping their job and pension.
Will patients in other countries that outrageous amount for this therapy or is it just the “lucky” ones in USA? Has been done before
How many medicines have you created Bernie?
And Bernie wants to continue giving them hand outs... hmmm
For those on this thread who think there are exorbitant r&d costs ...
https://www.citizen.org/our-work/health-and-safety/pharmaceutical-research-costs-myth-26-billion-pill …
Vile ad "improving lives"...On what planet?
Ha! That "Vile ad" was auto correct at work but I think I'll just leave it. Supposed to say Gilead. Lol! Auto correct has a sense of humor.
It just received approval and no one has been charged this amount. This company has saved lives.
Maybe Canada, UK or even Cuba has a better treatment, hey comrade?
Who the hell are you to say how much it's worth?
And @WSJopinion attempted a puff piece on them today. Must have been placed by their PR
How much did the research and red tape cost Bernie? Government can't invent treatments, if it did, it would cost 10X as much.
Aren’t they gouging insurance companies?
How do you people think we get new treatments? Someone pulls it from their ass and sells it the next day for 300k a shot?
Hurry to get your Depends, Bernie. Price sure to jump with J&J settlement
Wave your tax wand and make it free.
Bernie until you are held to the same health care as we are just shut up .....
Yep just like 4 million Americans have hepatitis C and they charge $132,000 for the cure
Totally agree Bernie!!  I'm disabled and one year up to Sept govt gave me at time $12.5k to live off, but gave $28k for just my Latuda alone
Keep speaking out Bernie we need to know the truth even if some of us can't handle the truth greed  running rampid and our American politics
In the end all companies like will be seen as are organized crime syndicates that took the people's ability to care for themselves away.
Senator Sanders is once again spouting off about things he knows nothing about. What would you price it at Bernie? Let me guess...”free”?
Probably 10 times more than what they charge overseas...
It's called research you dummy.
That's about what a kidney transplant costs!
Nationalize the pharmaceutical industry!
Socialism, making sure medical companies don't find new medicine and go bust so everybody suffers.
Gilead is one of the most ethical pharma corps out there. Think of it backwards, the drug wouldn’t exists if it didn’t cost 373k for US
Don’t take my word for it, please put in effort to research the company finances, drugs and prices.
#FeelTheBern
AMAZING what healthcare for profit can do
Gee. Missus Olde Hippie is getting off easy with her lymphoma chemo at $140,000 a year.
If only we had state owned pharma cos
Those are the real Trump crooks. They don't care about people, they got money and Greed calls for more. With Trump it is easy money always.$
Bernis is right when he says #MedicareForAll !  Putting Trump in charge of healthcare will surely fix our problems!  #MAGA
So true, my Zyprexa cost 900 $ a month before it went generic
Seriously!  This is outrageous!  People are suffering enough. Hanging on to life. And this hope has a price tag on it. Stop the insanity.
Why don’t they have enough money? The people who need this medicine is in a life or death situation!
Did you know Donald Rumsfeld was their CEO at one point? Not a surprise.
“There is a balm in Gilead, To make the wounded whole; There is a balm in Gilead, To heal the rich-rich soul. “(Alt-Right Bible 1st Edition)
asking honestly, should drug companies be allowed to profit from the sale of life saving drugs?  if so, what is a fair profit margin?
Time to buy Gilead $GILD /s
I agree that the prices are outrageous, but this drug is custom made for every patient and is one of the more justified high priced drugs
You and your cohorts have allowed them to do what they are doing today! Shame on all you Congress people who have allowed this to happen
To The Gallows!
And you could do something about it.....but do you?
Wow, so all the rich people can afford cancer treatment? Mmmh
Bernis is right!  #MedicareForAll means putting Trump in charge of healthcare.  He will fix it!  #MAGA
Do you know how much they spent on R&D? Of course it's expensive #basiceconomics
How many even more greedy insurance companies will even pay for this treatment?
Vultures!
Thank you, Bernie, for keeping us updated on this kind of flimflammery.  Best wishes from Ohio.
Bernie Sanders. Thanks for not giving  up the fight. I believe you are perhaps the most important voice in the Senate.
You're the greediest of the greediest when you gouge people who are at your mercy and are in such dire circumstances. Show some compassion!
Thanks dear Bernie for continuing the fight for justice!
How many lives have greedy drug companies saved wind bag? Never here about that do we? U have made division of people a lucrative vocation.
Apparently they don't tell u development costs are socialized & then they patent drugs 2 jack up the price 2 screw ppl who paid 4 the R & D
Bring these people down.
Give up a couple of your houses and sports cars to help offset the cost. We will wait...
Every human being in this world has a right to live and be alive we as humans must come together as one there is no other options
Bernie, thats a big lie.  I received a 10K grant from a major drug company to help pay for Chemo that my Medicare plan wouldn't pay for.
This stay strong investing in keeping the American economy going strong
Lets look into biotech and internet companies.KRYS,AKTX,WOW
The myth in #Pharma is the money made goes to R&D. Tell that to PhDs that find themselves in the gig economy making lattes. What Career?
So you are sayingvtgat a life saving gene therapy is not worth $373,000? And here I thought life was priceless.
The original research was funded privately. How did Gilead get their hooks into it?  Outrageous.
Woderful how the same officials are in bed with the same climate deniers. Almost as if they have a fairy tale book that shows the end of us.
What's your proposal for ensuring companies can make money developing groundbreaking medicines? Otherwise none will be developed. #catch22
Greed is bad but how is it quantified?
How many billions did it cost them to bring this to market?
So Bernie, tell us what the price should be and how you came up with that number.
Simple solution don’t have Medicare or Medicaid cover it until the price comes down.  That’s how economics work.
If you needed this therapy, would your Tax Payer funded insurance cover it? Would the ACA insurance cover the cost?
Do you know how much time/ money/work goes into this type of treatment?Absolutely crazy how much money they have spent on this ONE treatment
Brah. Medical research is expensive and risky.
…and yet, when healthcare reform and obamacare fixes come up, no one looks to reign in the pharma companies
I guess a COMPANY is just supposed to give shit away for free. Venezuela tried socialism dip shit, it didn't work. They're starving.
Well, except the leaders, they get to eat, they're more equal.
Medications and all health care SHOULD BE AFFORDABLE FOR ALL AMERICANS!!!!!!!
Bernie where do you get your information from
Yes let's make revolutionary life-saving medicines unprofitable. That will work out fine.
8 years and look where we are. Democrats are cancer
Big Pharma + Insurance Companies + opportunistic medical profession -  all backed by a corrupt Congress = an unethical fleecing of America
A committee is needed to set a fair price and insurances should pay most of that.

It’s collapsing because Venezuela’s economy was only based on oil exports, nothing to do with socialism
I can't believe I'm retweeting #BernieSanders...
no one NEEDS to be on viagra, go after pfizer for charging $20 per romantic interlude then
@GileadSciences positions as "luxury niche" healthcare provider. A symbol of the cancer in our For-Profit H-Care system. #MedicareForAll
Hopefully they will pay for their greed.

Why don’t you start a pharmaceutical company and give away the products for free then?

https://twitter.com/SenSanders/status/921110401517015040 …
Start your own pharma company Bernie you can set your own prices. Stop telling others what they NEED to do.
Yeah, because I'm sure it cost them nothing develop it! You old fool.
Some guy says it's okay to let corporations donate to politicians. LMFAO! Says it's all the same. A lot of Democrats are 80's Republicans.
Why do we NOT REGULATE what pharmaceuticals can charge-govt(taxpayer)$$pays for most of their R&D-so NO EXCUSE
And all that for a last chance therapy. I’ll do my family right, just let me go back to Jesus. Give $300,000 to people in need
They're infecting people??? That's horrible!

This company cured hep c... what did you ever do for society ofc they should get paid
Great idea i am sure it will work out fine
Good idea Nikos!  Lets put Trump in charge of healthcare!  He will fix it!  #MAGA
There's nothing stopping you from starting a pharmaceutical corporation. It's just easier 2 complain about others.
Sick. I thought MS was the most expensive diagnosis...glad I found natural health/naturopaths that work well for me!! #IQuitExpensiveDrugs
No morality in"@business"need for"Law"&proper policingcause we're in a den of thieves & cheats that @SenateMajLdr courts for self interest
Maybe they should just shut down then? We’re the Soviets innovators of quality medicine?
Had a flashback to the Handmaid's Tale then 
Gilead is a fantastic company, they put out some great life saving drugs but cost is so unfair.
And we are not surprised appalling.
Sad to admit it, but 373,000 is possibly more $ than I have made in my life. 
(and I've been around more than 6 decades)
Not only them,
Most of big pharma is poorly run. Sad our medicine is coming from overseas at pennies on dollar and pharma keeps raising  $$.
BoD for big pharms hold people's lives in their hands. If it could cure 1 child's rare cancer, but costs $$$$ to manufacture -  it won't be.
No Mr Sanders, no one should die because they have a condition so rare there's no profit to even produce a cure. It costs $$ to find cures
Instead of grandstanding, why don't you reform the drug approval process? It costs roughly $650M to bring a drug to market.
Most oncology drugs cost/billion/more to get to mkt.  The FDA is crooked 2. At least pharma & biotech give 100s of millions of free drug per yr to patients. Also, I work in oncology & if a patient can’t afford a drug. The patient assistance pgms pick up the cost 95%/time.
Guy who named the company read The Handmaid’s Tale and thought THAT’S A GREAT NAME FOR A COMPANY.
Well Bernie, sounds like you and Pres Trump agree that drug costs are too high.  Why doesn't Congress do something about it. That's your job
The topic of “greed” needs to be brought up on almost every issue in almost, if not every industry.
Best Argument there is for Single Payer and Medicare Negotiating Drug Prices.!
And you just killed all the cutting edge research .
Why aren’t the hi-profile politicians going after the pharm. companies for price-gouging? The public would applaud anyone fixing this.
Ridiculous
I would love to see you start up your own pharma company & give away all the meds for free. It's easy to spend someone else's money.
Gilead Sciences paid  $12 billion acquisition of Kite Pharma.  What should drug cost?  Saves lives and billions in Healthcare costs.
$373,000
Disgusting
I love you Bernie, but you are ignoring some facts.  Look at Gilead' financials and their R&D costs. Drug will save lives and millions.
Gilead Sciences received FDA approval for a new cancer drug,  cost them $12 billion w acquisition of Kite Pharma. What should they charge?
$373,000
So you agree with Trump, no subsidies for the wealthy ins co and big pharma
OMG. Do they honestly believe insurance will pay this? Or that anyone besides the 1% could afford it?
Ok Great, I will order 4...
Pharma companies should rapidly adopt better analytics and data mining to reduce R&D costs, this model of drug development is unsustainable
God forbid anyone should make a profit.
Yes! GOD forbid...  Christ was all about the PROFIT!  Hallelujah
Freaking Ridiculous!
It’s only about $75,000 cheaper than the next best alternative
Unreal. Impossible unless you are a billionaire or multi multi millionaire.
Yup, and in ~15 years or so, it will become cheaper if it is proven effective. Innovation is expensive, but it creates better futures
Without affordable health care insurance it's only a pipe dream for the average family!!
I agree. Let's repeal that "Affordable" Care Act to give families some relief.
You will get ZERO support from the medical community pioneers by talking like this, you are alienating those that can actually reduce cost.
No drug is worth that $$ to leave your family with that debt, when it might only give u a extra few months. Go live.
So like, what's the plan? We all know phrama companies, even w/o shrkelli are all evil. So... socialized medicine? Something better?
Maybe a fucking huge tax on super rich people, please? Something. Fuck pharma bros.
This is 100k cheaper than competitor. Gild already cured hep c and is now working on some cancer cures. They are doing great things.
Its not like your single payer nonsense can oppose Gilead when you don't even know how effective their products are.
The future of healthcare is you treat yourself with AI/or a robot. The government has no role in it.
& Bernie Sanders one of the laziest Senators in the USA never works, he tweets all day while collecting $174,000.00 to be a working Senator
How does Gilead enrich it's execs? Stock buy-backs by any chance? http://bit.ly/2zlSBkR 
How can they do that?
Isn’t Gilead also the name of the oppressive  evil former USA in the Handmaid’s Tale?
Bernie if we, the people, had the same Pharma pricing as the VA we wouldn’t be gouged quit being territorial share with us
People are on to you Bernie. Houses, cars, private jets smh. Think your the greedy one.
I’m guessing the founders of #Gilead read #TheHandmaidsTale and said to themselves, “that’s sufficiently evil, let’s call ourselves that.”
Shameful, hateful, absolutely disgraceful.
Bernie, you've never created anything of value, anything to improve/heal lives. You just pit citizen vs citizen. You are not a good person.
What are we going to do about it?!? Pharma is crippling our Insurance Industry, Medicaid, Medicare AND our Citizens, but NO ONE will fix it!
I think you misspelled Government
Bernie, I sold all my Gilead stock.
Yess...They should just give away their billions of dollars of research and years and years of waiting on the FDA.
almost as bad as being GOUGED with a CARBON TAX that will do NOTHING about chemiKILL POLLUSION. CO2 is a COOLANT... makes plants GROW...
It’s important not to conflate price w/affordability. & acknowledge that negotiations occur bn payers for pts to gain access to tx
Marvel at the fact a new cancer treatment has been approved for 5 seconds before you start with your socialist opportunism, please and thanx
For some reason greed always wins.
When the government is involved with health care, people will die!
I know it costs mega bucks 2 bring a drug to market but majority of Americans will never be able to afford this drug & will die due 2 greed!
They can use the other treatments.
