BREAKING: Education Secretary rescinds Obama-era guidance on investigating campus sexual assault, puts interim rules in place.
there is no reason in hell for rules on campus to be different than rules off campus.  period.
Then challenge it in court. My campus In Texas didn't allow you to live off campus or men and women to share a dorm room.
Mixed gender sharing a room is not illegal off campus.  Sexual assault is illegal everywhere.  It should not have 2 sets of rules.
Then challenge it in court. The military tries their own sexual assault cases. Where are you on that?
The military is armed forces created for preparedness for war.  We're talking about public and private colleges built for everybody else.
Pretty sure you just tweeted this....now you're contradicting it.
https://twitter.com/barbarianbabes/status/911637550166618112 …
Wait... there's no way you're that obtuse.
Nice try....but you're the one who said there shouldn't be 2 sets of rules. Tell that to the military.
Mr sanders, Americans unfortunately have a lunatic president by default who didn't win the popular vote. He is destroying all good policies
Just a lot of ruined lives & infantilizing women. Accused of rape, but evidence says otherwise, too bad. Look up Mattress Girl.
Okay... is trump a good president by the looks of things?By that i wanna know more because, he doesn't even condemn racial incidents.Is he?
Agreeing with how Obama carried himself in office doesn't mean I have to like his increase of drone strikes.
That was bull shit. He blew up many people in different countries,  But was he not taking where bush had left off?
Trump will likely put us back in places we have been since the 50's...just...just wonderful, Orange Crush.
Do you believe that?  I doubt. .. we'll see.  I could be wrong
It's strange cuz both are wild cards w/ big mouths & boosted egos. I wanna believe self preservation will win out
Depends on what the interim rules are, victims MUST be protected but we also need to prevent false accusations
But that's the case in ANY legal situation. The courts can be used to handle false accusations as well.
Problem is there will also be a trial by public opinion, even if accused is innocent, frmr friend ruined svrl lives cuz she wanted attention
That happens in regular court as well. It happens in employment sexual harassment claims too.
I think the best defense against that is for the public to lean on the media and the courts to keep names off the record until after trial
I'm ok with that.
I work at a University in Texas, come to my world an experience what we experience on a daily basis. Everyone needs a voice to defend them!
To you extend that to people falsely accused?
#stopbetsy #StopDeVos she's at it again. You'd think she would be an activist for women but again, she IS Republican!! @GOP
It's called due process it's for all not just who you like
And where is CONGRESS?? WHEN ARE THEY GOING TO DO SOME REAL WORK AND STOP THIS ABOMINATION???
She is crazy along with 45
Duke Lacrosse
Where in the hell were you all these years in office. You are a hypocrite
They are going after every single good thing Obama has done.
I absolutely want women protected, but there must B a balance of evidence and protection for even the accused.
Sadly, THIS is what happens when we have a creature in office who "grabs" women by their privates. Sidebar-Billy Bush ain't laughing anymore
Betsy is useless & WTF does she know abt this ?!!? ZERO point ZERO
Why does the application of due process bother you?
As if victims don't already have an incredibly harrowing time of getting any form of justice. Sickening.
Are you saying don't give due process?
Firstly, nowhere did I say that. Secondly, this is a larger and more complicated discussion for 140 characters on Twitter.
Maybe you aren't aware of the statistics when it comes to accusations and convictions re: sexual assault but it's not my job to educate you.
If you or anyone you know has ever been raped or sexually assaulted & not felt victimised by the justice system all over again let me know.
How can we as Americans vote out this current administration. Starting with Trump
The president is insane,sexist, and bigot. Trying to start war with N.Korea. why are you. impeach him. He is incompetent.
It's pretty embarrassing to see a senator against due process
No men get to speak up! Listen to us women. Title IX is all we have as protection! Screw all these men's opinions unless u r a survivor!
I can speak about anything that effects people in this world and you can never take that away from me.
OUTRAGEOUS PROMOTION OF VIOLENCE
"Patrick hit me. He should be convicted based solely on the fact I said it."  Still ok with this?
Cause it undermines due process. Bernie should know better
Sad for ur girls! Look up title IX and READ IT! #idotmanopinions
Don't feel sad for my girls they are gonna be just fine.
Violence should be addressed on any level. We are moving backwards instead of forward
And should be addressed by police not peer courts on campus.  If I said "Tina hit me"  would you want due process?
So, who, exactly, did she consult on this?  She is no expert, so the public - certainly all woman deserve - an explanation.
Unbelievable I hope Karma visits her!!
Yeah, because we don't want the falsely accused to be able to defend themselves.
What is your problem with due process?
Wtf? would you rescind this?! Only thing I can see is it seems like they're doing this to make rapists happy. Aka his supporters. Just sayin
Because the 4th amendment
And she did it the day after meeting with the President of Michigan State.
wtf.  Another new low.  I guess this is to be expected, but I'm still amazed.
I think it's best if all assault claims are handled by local police, not university admins. This way a legit  investigation is done
It is cind of unreal,when a sosialict i USA talks of sexual abuse, when his mentors are the worst savages in the world, for women an men. l.
Get real. learn from history.
Due process is taken away w  "dear colleague" letter, false vindictive accusations r a threat 2 good lives, making the accused a victim.
I just don't understand how she sleeps at night.
https://www.zazzle.co.uk/z/y1ya0?rf=238499302032638869 …
Shameful
If a woman can't give consent after drinking  neither can a man.  I've seen plenty of predation both ways.
Day in and day out, Trump proves his disdain for the American people. What happened in his life to loathe this country so much?
Be requiring due process?  Very fascist of you.
I with in higher Ed. There are problems with title IX but fixable. Problem isn't fake complaints, it's that girls don't report enough.
A slap in the face to all young women!  My question is WHY???? Oh, never mind, it's because of Obama, isn't it?
No it isn't  It brings back due process.
@SenSanders we invite you to speak with our student members. Innocent students who lived the IX process on campus. It may be enlightening.
And u wanted to president? Min. qualification for that job is belief in the Constitution. All students deserve fair process. Get the facts.
You are 100% correct Sen. Sanders. Congress needs to act to keep women safe.Trump dislike women safety & women freedom & progress.
How is insisting on due process a bad thing for women? So if a woman is accused of rape, she's automatically guilty? #LiberalLogic
How can people support something like this? It's heart wrenching.
Because it abolished due process and was built on false statistics. Title IX ruined more lives than it helped.
I'll look into that statement. But the "OCR evaluates, investigates, and resolves complaints alleging sex discrimination." #notaBADthing ?
I have sisters in university. I want jail time for sexual predators, not school disciplinary actions.
What's behind your tweets?  Who writes them? They seem to hollow statements. What is it that you have done as a senator for women and rape?
how blindly partisan do you have to be to discourage a sitting senator from trying to protect sexual assault investigation policies?
It's built on false statistics, has led to numerous student vs school lawsuits, and infantilizes women. Look the damn thing up.
I know most socialist hate due process, but in America everyone gets an opportunity to defend themselves when charged with a crime
@BernieSanders @AntifaOfficial and the rest of the socialist gang want No due process No free speech what's next No constitution?
Again Bernie you ahow yourself being on the side of the oppressor rather than the oppressed. Campus law gave the attacked no voice. Justice?
U Sir took an oath to uphold the constitution which unclds fair & equal treatment as well as due process support it or step the f#/k down
Hey Bernie want to reduce sexual violence, assaults, abuse, Cancers and so much more-Speak out for action to address and reduce Alcohol
Ask Christina Hoff Summers about this. It was a circumvention of due process. Speaking of which how is your wife's fraud case going?
Hey Bernie, there is something called Due Process.  It's spelled out in a document called the US Constitution.  It's a good read.
It's called due process...
This is only the latest in a long line of discriminatory and dangerous decisions @SenSanders & @SenateDems what are YOU doing to protect us?
We knew this women was not very bright why be Surprise that she has rescinded guidelines after all she was appointed by an idiot
Disgusting.
Mr Sanders, Donald Trump is a disgrace for your country. Get rid of him, ASAP. Please? Right now, US is laughing stock for all of us.
Amen!
Thank you...do it
@AP_Politics Inothert news Trump will visit a college campus for first time
How many times a day is the word disgrace used?  Might need to make a new one just for Trump and republicans.... How about Devils Work?
Dude....YOU'RE CONGRESS!!! Less speeches and t-shirts about legislation and more ACTUAL legislation please.
And the minions of the POS in DC march forward on the road to perdition for all of the US, and indeed the whole of humanity.
Agreed.  So get to work.
The old decision unconstitutionally removed the rights of the accused... which is unlawful and immoral. It ruined innocent lives.
Ridiculous...but just goes to show the mindset of sick individuals walking around these days...and in high places...smh
Due process prevents innocent people from going to prison....and your wife.

For now.
No,  it's just a return to due process. We're just not listening and believing.
Campus rules for sexual assalt needs to be reviewed. If a student is charged with sexual harassment or assault, there is no fair recourse.
Congress must act to Remove #TraitorTrump #IlligitamatePotus from the WH. Evict Russia from all our Computer systems n r country . #Impeach
You didn't even support this madness in 2016. The fact that you didn't helped kill Hillbot's "right to be believed" platform.
I sincerely hope this was just a staffer.

Everyone on the Left who thoughtlessly supports "Dear Colleague" is doing incalculable damage.
It's the War on Drugs for Millennials. 

But at least the guilty back then were punished with prison and death rather than school expulsion.
"Dear Colleague" offered neither protection for the innocent, nor justice for the guilty.

Who could want such a thing?
I doubt this'll be read, but this tweet warrants an apology and retraction.
If I had her $$ and donated to Trump, then I could get a job in the WH.
Living in a bubble provides her protection from the world the rest of us live in - another reason she is wrong for this job! Dangerous idea.
I'll never understand the time we live in
Good luck getting damn Republicans to do anything that's righteous they're behaving criminally and Donald Trump encourages National divide
This racist administration is just there to roll back President Obama signature legislations. We must stand up and not let them win. RESIST!
Sexual violence=prosecuted to the utmost extent of law. Obama guidance illegal/unconstitutional; undermined/prevents due process for accused
The man is insane.  When is someone going to do something about that.  He’s going to destroy our country in the next 3+ years
I do not believe that Devos is a woman. She should be checked on national TV to confirm what sex she is.
No, it was a disgrace to deny the rights of the accused, and shift prosecution of serious crime to schools, than the justice system.
It’s call free for all and open season for college students. Why report now when no investigation is going to happen. This makes me sick.
It will be treated like any other crime. Police investigation, arrest if needs be, trial, sentencing.
Keep on fighting Bernie because this  administration has gone completely beyond insanity.
Wrong. shes telling colleges they need an stronger burden of proof to protect men from false accusations. such an evil person. Patriarchy!
Just one "more" move to move the country back to the dark ages.
Why I Don't Vote Democrat Reason #347: they don't care about men or Due Process. Panderers.
Bernie. Get elected and then have it your way.
Yes it is disgraceful! IT! (Potus) will not stop until IT! has destroyed everything Obama put in place!
Have fun body
I suppose when I'm your age I could watch the country go back to the left, because it's going to the right, and toe going to watch
2018 can't come soon enough
Your an asshole
There you go American Catholics, Republicans are for intrinsic evils.
If Obama did it, they want to erase it. They want to leave no trace of what a superb president he was.
