Um.  Because most Americans agree they are tired of economic slavery.  Go live in China if you don't like it.
Um.  Like trying to stop the Iraq war?  Or assisting protests for the civil rights movement?  Or being against all the things wrong with
No he wasnt.  Look up his voting record.
There are zero.  Clearly you are too ignorant to navigate the web well enough to figure that out.  Or your comfortable with oligarchs runnin
Shut up Bernie. You shoulder a lot of blame for this
The hell he does. He's out their fighting his fanny off, even for people like you who are 2 blind to see what the hell is really going on!
U people R out of your minds. Get the details about the child's condition prior to passing judgment. At least family didn't bankrupt over it
We don't want the Government telling us whether we live or die. Period!!
Because insurance industry has proven they will? Until the ACA it was life & death people with preexisting conditions was denied coverage.
Curious what type of insurance you have....
And your coverage?
Pretty bigotted & sexist of him to fight for equal rights for over 30 yrs. Also genius, Russia isn't the only country they were sanctioning!
Really? #DNCFraudLawsuit tells a different tale.
Honestly, who cares what Bernie has to say and why would he vote against Russia sanctions?
Bernie's right. GOP is damn kooky. Dems no better. Their leadership has institutionalized corruption. #GreenEnter Bernie, ya know ya wanna.
Says the man who would have made the US into Venezuela in three years. Can't he just go back to making cuckold porn?
Sewer Media Hack Hayes!

Political violence is now officially sanctioned part and parcel of Democrat Party.

You ARE AntiFa and @MMFlint !
Multi-tweet rebuttal to Sewer Media hack Chris Hayes quoting Bernie saying GOP is extremist without ANY analysis!
Sewer Media Hack Hayes following Goebbels script to letter!

Promoting "Accuse the other side of what you are…
I'm tired of Bernie but he's got a point. Whatever the GOP is they certainly aren't a party that represents their voters or their interests.
you could b tired, but he is right :(
They have been right wing extremists since the Clinton years.
Only from the far left corner of the universe. Have you read the constitution?
I'm talking about the political leanings of parties, the constitution has nothing to do with it.
Also, hate to break this to you but the far left corner of the universe is the rest of western democracy.
The Democrats are seen as a generally right wing party by most other countries, National (centre right) voters in New Zealand would think..
..that someone like Hillary Clinton is too far right for them. Angela Merkel is oddly smeared as a bastion of liberalism in parts of the USA
despite leading a right-wing party coalition. The right wing extremism of the Gingrich Republicans and their successors shifted the overton
window to the point where a far right politician like Bush II is seen as normal and someone like Elizabeth Warren is seen as a radical
Communists and Socialists have always felt that way.  Cease and desist with your ignorance, Bernie.
Bernie you say the most outrageous, factless, stupid, marginalizing, unchallenged claims. You're an loonytoon extremist pandering for votes.
Doesn't he have some bank fraud charges he needs to defend himself against, instead of running his yap?

Why didn't you ask him about his NO vote on Russia sanctions?
Bernie addressed that in a CNN interview today. He wanted sanctions against Russian but they lumped several other countries in the bill to.
Oh that's BS. Like Iran and North Korea shouldn't have been included.
Sanctions on Iran is not going to stop the flow of weapons by the extremist to the terrorist. The halting of building nuclear was working.
Silly propaganda. Everyone knows globalist billionaires bought out the Democratic party and now are far-left Liberal Party. Why they lose.
Both parties are bought by them. Let's make no mistake here. #ElectionReform
Repubs owned by the rich and the banks but not to the extent of the Democrats. Soros LITERALLY bought Dems.

I still think they were long before now
Nope
The entertainment value of this old fart
Again with this guy?! R u a Bernie Bro? Every time I try to watch u, u have him on. That's why I can't watch ur show along with ALOT of Dems
LMAO! A lot of other Dems? The whole 8% in the party has an issue? U people are contributing to Trumps re-election. Knock it the hell off!
#Bernie happens to like #Putin #nosanctionsvote
@realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems 
#trump #trumprussia #resist #theresistance  #impeachtrump #antitrump
@realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems 
#trump #trumprussia #resist #theresistance  #impeachtrump #antitrump
So the pot is calling the kettle black. Hes such a hypocrite.
No, but Bernie needs to get out.
@realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems 
#trump #trumprussia #resist #theresistance  #impeachtrump #antitrump
Sewer Media Hack Hayes following Goebbels script to letter!

Promoting "Accuse the other side of what you are guilty of" without journalism!
Some victims of Antifa
Leftist Hate Crimes documented:
(does not include most recent ones)
Systemic political violence by DEMOCRATS against conservatives for expressing their 1st Amendment rights!
Pepper Spray ATROCITIES by the left!
A woman wearing a #Trump-style hat was pepper sprayed at #UCBerkeley protests. She & @WayneFreedman are alright: http://abc7ne.ws/2ksIB5o  
Systemic Riots by DEMOCRATS to SHUT UP people they disagree with!
FACTS PROVE that the Democrat Party is the Extremist Fascist violence!
As if further proof isn't needed that Democrats are the Party of political VIOLENCE:
Media praise Anti-Trump militia that publishes manual on executions, kidnapping, sabotage, and http://www.dcclothesline.com/2017/07/30/media-praise-anti-trump-militia-that-publishes-manual-on-executions-kidnapping-sabotage-and-terrorism/ … via @DCClothesline
Dude's got more money in three houses than the Venezuelan government
It must seem right-wing from the far left corner of the universe. You crazy Bernie!
Chris are you asking him about the vote today? I refuse to watch your show while he is on.
No worries, I refuse to watch Joy Ann Reid after she colluded with the Hillary camp.
Can you be specific?
Name me one area where the Republican party has moved to the right on since 1988. There is none. The republican establisment is centrist now
Gerrymandering, tax cuts for the wealthy, deregulations of Wall Street, banks, telecommunications, environment, climate change denial, etc.
It's only the alarmists who deny the climate naturally changed
What!? Naturally changed? NOT anthropogenic? If you think that, YOU are the one denying… the DATA!
It is nice to start during the little ice age as our temperature baseline... here's a temp graph for the last 10k years...
Irrelevant. Are you going to deny what industrialization has done over the last century???????
Moreover, yours are ICE CORE data, NOT global temperatures. As usual, cherry picking.
Yeah, and Bernie believes Venezuela is the new American dream.. Bernie should stop stealing his neighbors Sunday WaPo.
Every Democrat is under investigation but you wouldn't know it from watching MSNBC  #AwanBrothers
I usually agree with you Bernie but when haven't they been. They just were better at hiding it.
Evil party is the word
Warmongering, corrupt elitist neocons are not much different from warmongering, corrupt elitist neolibs  you love so much, Sellout Sanders
@RoseDru63 this is the truth
So the Dems will move even farther to the right until Hillary will seem like Trotskyist in comparison.
I only share @MSNBC @CNN @CBS @ABC when they have my favorites @SenSanders @TulsiGabbard @ninaturner @janeosanders #SinglePayer w/ #Cannabis
Sanders is going in...hard. Liking this.
Says the communist


#DNCFraudLawsuit #Skippy #Syria #voterfraud #Wikileaks #SethRich #AwanBrothers #saturdaymorning Funny,  the extreme actions r from the dems.
He *would* think so.
You spelled Democratic Party wrong
#NeverTrumpHillary #NotMeUS Are Rights Protectors #SinglePayerNow #OurRevolution—WeAre Not #Resist=Hillary's Revenge
I don't really see what's wrong with all this

Ok, we've been busted, let's get uniforms now 
For the men
Socialism is not an option.
And that makes the Democrats, the Republican Party. Now we just need a People's Party headed by Bernie.
Yep. Nothing "conservative" about the Repubs
And with your socialist ideas and agenda, you must be an alien.  You know, the kind from outer space  Ur no longer relevant Bernie.
You voted against investigating Trump's Russian connections. @RepJoeKennedy 2020 or @KamalaHarris No more old men
 How's that bank fraud Bernie?
Now? It's been one since Goldwater & Thurmond. Nothing new.
Bernie and his wife are extremist bankers
True
 Coming Mr. Freestuff himself! He's an old washed up socialist left wing extremist that's never worked a day in his life at a real job 
Says the socialist.
Priebus, Steele are now outsiders. What is Tump pick Ronna Romney McDaniel doing to unify the GOP?
Lol so stupid. What you mean is finally Washington might start working for American. I love Trump affect in Washington.
Reactionary, very far right

@Lawrence @JoyAnnReid @maddow @chrislhayes @KatyTurNBC 
@AliVelshi @CAPEHARTJ @DrJasonJohnson @K_JeanPierre
Democratic leadership: We should meet in middle. Comprimise. So we land somewhere around middle right.
As #Maddow would say, "The 'duh is silent."
Are you kidding?Democrats jumped ship,switched parties,JUST to vote Trump. You haven't figured it out yet,Many Republicans didn't vote Trump
Now? Just now?
And you are a communist.In America which is worse.
U have this wrong, just like the election, majority r not extremist- all u do with this kind of statement is make us thankful u r not potus
Bernie, go back to Vermont and fix your failing state. It's run down, zero growth, abandoned farms. You destroyed that beautiful state.
And you, Bernie, are a socialist in search of a country.  I suggest you go find one!
It was a Bernie supporter and MSNBC fan who shot Steve Scalise and tried to kill other Republicans.
on the upside, its not full of communist genocidial maniacs, is it? - always amuses me when a socialist uses the word ' fact. '
Yes, however their a party splintered by too many sub groups & Aristocratic monies.  If Trump's nepotist remains in WH it'll remain a jungle
Bernie likes to give everyone else's money away for his party's voters! If they don't agree with him then their right wing extremists!
I'd say that the Democrats are a left wing extremist party that has been ripping the USA apart since Comrade Obama was steered into office!
Complaining about ACA for last 7 years; why haven't they been working for last 7 years on a viable plan. Unnecessary scramble. PTSD
Okay this thread just devolved to crap. You people need to stop fighting each other and focus on the dictator in the W.H.
Freaking Fox News is ready to declare trump a dictator FFS
Even the most moderate R is still far to the right of this old windbag.
@SenSanders why is wrong to enforce existing #LAW please give away all your money #leftist
Bernie is a left wing extremist... Socialism has NEVER worked
Sez the guy whose supporters shoot politicians, stab train riders, and burn cities.
I'd rather sniff my septic tank then listen to a fraud with 3 houses and an Audi talk about how rich people suck.
The Koch funded Republicans will erase all federal protections for average income Americans.
Hey Bernie mach my words...
Your a sellout....
You sold your soul for a lake house!
Mach my words!!
Says the guy who advocates government control on everything in direct conflict with everything the country was founded on.
It only looks like that because you are so way way left!
So @SenSanders  don't like the tables being turned? Repubs & McCain played you idiots like fools and you don't even know it! Wait for it....
The Democrats are now the communist party
And you are a communist McCarthy warned us about
Oooohhhh shut up already!!
While groups like ANTIFAS, BLM, etc. find comfort  and aide & abettment in the Democratic Party
Spot on Bernie!!
In other words, the Republicans, sadly, are neither socialists or fascists.
lol that's the pot calling the kettle black
That's the "reasoning" @SenSanders and his followers use to justify violence against Republicans. Disgusting! @allinwithchris
Completely agree! I used to be moderate but the more right the party goes, the more I oppose everything they stand for.
And Bernie is a left wing extremist. 

What's the point of the labels? Argue the points to conclusion or move on. Name calling does nothing.
Says the left-wing extremist Socialist who would have won the D nomination if it hadn't been for CGI organized crime boss Hillary.  Comical.
Sound like the Progressive Party to me. Hey Chris ask Sanders how much 'Medicare For All' would cost Americans Per Capita.>
Also Next time you talk to Pelosi ask her what ever happened to her Promise of No deductibles
How is #Venezuela doing these days?
The Dem. party is a far right Partei as well...
and this is the Face of YOUR Party
And your party is the party of HATE
Senator Sanders is a socialist. To him, anyone slightly to the right of Che Guevara is an extremist.
Was it not your party rioting in the streets and shooting people are you not under investigation corrupt Bernie
Left wing extremist Comrade Bernie speaks from his beach villa. Metrosexual fawns over it.
@allinwithchris Amen Senator Bernie Sanders Of Vermont
hmm.@allinwithchris how is your wifes little FBI investigation for bank fraud going?.@SenSanders
Bernie sucks
The guy who doesn't even really belong to his party because he's too extreme for it is calling others extremists. OK.
Yeah, he's the guy you want slapping the "extremist" label on others. 
The hyperbolic, insulting rants & partisan politics from those like @SenSanders make sewers seem pristine in comparison.
I feel the same way!
I am 53yrs old and it seems our country is in backward mode.
Pollute, discriminate, sell weapons?
Sad, and scary.
Our country is much more than that!
Da Comrade Berni, Da!
this from a guy that steals his neighbors washington post all the time.
And Sanders is in the process of trying to make Democratic Party left wing extremist.

@MoveOn @SenateGOP PAY ATTENTION! Trump's plan to boost the economy is on the backs of working Americans. $$ for the rich.
Right Wing?Obama prosecuted more whistleblowers than all previous Presidents...combined.
Thanks for keeping the phony Left Right Paradigm going while Congress votes Russian Sanctions based on the lies you are telling
Bat Guano..Obama/Hillary OBLITERATED Libya..they did not attack us..Nuremberg Level War Crime. Sodomized Quadaffi to death..Bayonet.
That's funny, coming from a guy with trigger happy communist supporters 
It's necessary to counter the left-wing extremist Democrat party.
Says the idiot whose supporters have shot up trains, clubbed people, vandalized private property... Yup.
The real "extremists" appear to be @BernieSanders supporters ... #Antifa #riots #ScaliseAssassin #Berkeley #delegatedeaththreats #haters
Bernie missed the part on his supporter shooting up a baseball field of GOP...
Socalist bernie knows freebies, no work lots of benefits for his voters, buy his votes, the slacker way.
Picture the Muppet saying this.
This is "Breaking News" --? GOP has been that way ever since the Dems became Republicans. Thank you, Clinton and the DLC! @DraftBernie
Bern is All in with Sharia.  And he calls us extremists 
@BernieSanders supporters are gunning down republicans and stabbing people on trains and @MSNBC continues to give him a voice.  #libtards
Then what are the Democrats? The terrorist party?The sell to the highest bidder party? 
#SelloutBernie 
#feelthebern
Medical research is the first item cut in socialized med because it's no longer profitable.
They Anti America and how can there action not b Treazon.  Constitution States "WE THE PEOPLE".  No to Koch Brothers.
Extremist? I don't go killing unborn children and you call me extremist for that?
And the DNC is the party of Hate.
Bernie,

Please tell that to @SteveScalise !!  He is still fighting for life because of your extremist supporters!!
LolZ repubs are as middle of the road as can be, maybe being so far left you can't see the real right @SenSanders #FakeNews
His own party colluded with @CNN to railroad him during the election... but
Sanders is a nasty little Marxist who would destroy the American economy. American's are not familiar enough with Marxists to see this.
From the leader of the Bernie "Don't shoot me" Bros.
They aren't shooting congressmen on the baseball field, yet, so, they've got a long way to go to catch up to Dems & Socialists!
The Koch brothers are from Dutch origin.

So proud.
No. GOP has been right wing for a long time. Since 2008. Since 2015. Yet. You focused on your selfish POTUS run and enabled Trump. Sod off
NWO, his team, is Global Hitler:Censorship Thought Police Propaganda Gun grabs Christian Persecution Ukrainian Regime Change Antifa Agenda21
If true then you must be an extremist as well. After all it's your supporters and co-workers that have shot and killed people.
#bettertagline "crazy old man babbles nonsense on unwatched chicks show"
#proudsocialist. #gladinotrepublican
Yes it is or most of it is. So glad people are waking up. More people in need to stand up to him.
Why did he vote NO to punish Russia?  Shame on Bernie.
Thank you commie overlord Sanders... Sleeps in russian
Bernie Bro's have tried to commit mass murder multiple times. Democrats are the extremists
Please @realDonaldTrump, I'll settle for making America NORMAL again.
Your supporters shoot Congressmen, stab people, riot, loot, set fires, and assault people. YOU are the extremists.
If Republicans are such extremists why do voters (legal voters) continually reject you and your party in election after election?

This from a socialist??? ANYONE, not as very far left as BS, is a "RIGHT WING EXTREMIST!" Use of the term itself is extreme. Stop it!
Which summer home did he spew this nonsense from?
And any Democrat supported crook Hillary in the elections. If you had supported Bernie he'd beat trump with a margin any day. So suck it up.
Which party cheated you out of the Presidency AND killed one of your supporters by the nane of #RememberSethRich
America Taliban
Sarsour 
#infowars
@NancyPelosi
@SenatorHeitkamp 
#maga
It's probably time for your nightly vodka and a few hours sleep, comrade @SenSanders . I hear prison visitation can be exhausting.
Blow me, Trotsky
Hey Bernie, Stalin is calling, will you home for dinner?



Correction:. The GOP is, in fact, a fact-fighting right-wing extremist party...
Except for the three senators who were brave enough to stand with the Democrats
and you Uncle Bernie are a socialist & sell out....do ya like Venezuela? .
Really, how do you explain ANTIFA, the d.c. baseball practice shooter and your guy who stabbed ppl
#BankFraudBernie sounds stupid (as usual) spewing this , considering his follower shot Republicans on a ball field #Arlington #FakeOutrage
Bernie is un-american
Your supporters stabbed people on a train & shot up a baseball field full of GOP congressmen.
Bernie makes hillary look intelligent.
