#Obamacare made my parents plan illegal. Killed their insurance company. Changed my plan. Our strife is real, stop the propaganda
You have a health plan. Your parents do. 30 million people won't. Who's strife is this, really?
My parents live on a very low fixed income & paid a huge fortune for insurance as they are self employed.
Well then you should support single payer!! Small businesses are excluded, and they would just have to pay a 2% rate.
No I want greater consumer choice & more competition for my business. I do not support govt telling me what I can buy, or a govt monopoly
I think it is a valid position for a business.However healthcare should not be considered a business asit touches on fundamental human right
This isn't about gov telling u what to do - it is finding the best way to keep everyone safe& healthy enough to run their lives as they want
Bernie does not want you or I to manage our own healthcare he want government!  Which is socialism!
The collapse of the medical insurance system thanks to obamacare's mandates on insurers is taking away Health care.  
Not the real fix.
Medical insurance industry is a leach on all other businesses, and everyone knows it. #SinglePayer
Big pharma sets the price for drugs, maaaaaaaybe they should be fixed as well as letting states decide the health care their people need.
And yes, fixing the drug prices is part of the package, glad you mentioned it.
But is the Democratic plan a long term fix or a short one? Most their "fixes" fall apart after five-six years and leave us deeper in debt.
this is a long term fixed we should have implemented with the rest of the world during Truman.
You are a little late there Bernie--Time to do the right thing was back in November. Do you ever regret not being more of a team player?
Bernie did everything in his power to help hillary. 25 percent of her voters didn't vote for
Obama in 08 and voted for mccain only 10 percent of bernie supporters didn't vote for her
10% would be enough to elect Trump--thanks for taking away our healthcare
You do realize bernie campaigned for hillary? Yes blame bernie supporters instead of blaming the woman
Did we watch the same movie? Seriously? I am a. Native VTer and love Bernie but to say he supported HRC is pure fantasy. He sabotaged
We obviously aren't because Bernie came out and voiced multiple times that we have got to elect hillary
I guess you don't remeber him campaigning with her after he lost either?
There trying to take everything. There hands are always out. Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask, what your country will do for U.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Yes indeed get rid of trump and his administration and for that matter the entire Repukkklican party
He's a comedian. Not an expert on health care or politics. He should keep his opinions out of his comedic performance.
Ty ..Jimmykimmel for being our representative...and a voice for us...Ty..for being transparent and authentic...
I agree!
Thanks you for speaking out against ( republicans suck ) health care
So if investing in people and protecting public goods will bankrupt the country then what are deficit busting tax cuts for the 1% ?
Kavinder ftw
Once our premiums are so high that we can't afford to pay them, what wealth will be left to spread?
Do you not understand that, in single-payer healthcare, nobody pays insurance premiums?

Seems he should be a real fan of your bill @SenSanders, but failed to mention it...hmmmm...
And no thanks to Bernie for always making it about him and his pie in the sky wishes giving the GOP cover to do this.
Listen, my premium quadruples in Jan on my insurance w lousy coverage. I'm not gonna pay it. No ones taking it, I'm letting it go! Get it?
Then you should love single payer. $500 a year instead of $500 a month!
As long as it provides the coverage I need and want. One size does not fit all. Know what I mean?
THANK YOU!
Bernie Sanders rarely talks about foreign policy- He didn't when he was campaigning either.
You don't give a crap about the millions who lost their plans,lost their dr,don't qualify for subsidy,can't afford health care now.
Timing is everything. R u colluding with the GOP?  YOUR DEBATE CREATES SELLING PT. 4 GOP.  PLS. ZIP IT until after 9/30. LG played you.
The prev. Teeet is for Bernie.  BRAVO, Jimmie.  U just got a new viewer.  Hope ur baby continues to improve.
KEEPING THEIR SEATS IN POWER vs SENDING 32MM AMERICANS TO THEIR UNINSURED DEATHS....

@GOP chooses the former. VOTE THEM OUT!!! @DNC
Sanders and kimmel sounds like hmmm peas in a pod  both seeking attention for their own profits.
Ridiculous. Less then 10M are on Ocare anyway. States s/b handling health ins for their people. More accountability on local level.
Thank you @benshapiro for speaking out @jimmykimmel in your podcast.
Yes!
Thank you!
Thank you, Mr. Kimmel
What does Jimmy Kimmel know about the bill?  Even the senators haven't seen it.
On the left: Bill Cassidy, trying to take away health care from millions.

On the right: a lizard-like character from Black Hole Sun.
America needs awaken from the American dream and start to fight for their rights. Right for health, education, fredom, liberty, peace etc
What's wrong with paying for it? I'm sick of paying for your shit Bernie
We cc ede can create can Connecticut ee DeeeDeee I e eedde
Who is being forced to pay for insurance for those 30 million who didn't buy it before?
Gee Bernie give your bribe back so u can fund Socialist economy! Only ok if its not your money! Huh?
too bad he doesn't speak out about how you got new house.
hey jimmy lets get rid of the problem trump...lets call for public hearing on trump russian collusion and obstruction of justice...
#JimmyKimmel #Guts #GOP #Congress #CorruptLiars #BillCassidy #FoxViews w/ #HealthCare #Bill #Facts #DrEd http://ew.com/tv/2017/09/21/jimmy-kimmel-health-care-bill-cassidy-fox-news-chris-christie/ … @ew
Obamacare is imploding. What do you do about that?
Thank you Bernie! 60% average of Americans are for Single payer/universal healthcare
Uneducated Bernie...smh, polluting minds.
BULLSHIT BERNIE  Why do you only care about these Americans (ur # is inflated).  WHAT ABOUT THE 25 MILLION CURRENTLY UNINSURED?
Kimmel=IDIOT
Kudos to jimmy k! Keep it up. You and your late night colleagues have a lot of influence and this message needs to get out there.
Does Jimmy really know what he is talking about??
Kimmel is an entertainer, and has no clue what the hell he is talking about. I place no value on any of his one sided arguments.
You people are brainless, just to keep a campaign promise you want people to die smh
Wait a minute Bernie you have your own heath care not OBAMA Care. Try Obamacare then say what's bad
They're trying to make it better.  Will you at least give them a chance to try?
Right on Jimmy!  Thank you!
Thanks Jimmy.  Thanks Sen. Sanders.  "He who feels it, knows it" as Bob Marley said!  Thanks for doing what's right and Human!
Bernie, talk about the Corporate subsidy, please: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/07/health/health-insurance-tax-deduction.html?mcubz=0 … #ACA #BernieSanders
You are not helping.  Please stop using your platform in a weak attempt to "rally" the
stupid.  U r to be ignored.. Get out of the way.
@GOP knows this is wrong; pushing for it because this is what they campaigned on... how sick and twisted? Where is the voice of reason?
Sanders &Kimmel.. O'care is collapsing & you 2 morons cause delay for tax paying Americans.  Try cooperation, faux protesting isn't working
What government healthcare plan are you on?
Cassidy lies by only explains what he wants people to hear and not explaining all the consequences just to pass a bill. Now that is sad.
Thanks for speaking up!
Brilliant!  Nailed it Mr Kimmel.
do you and kimmel take turns of who's on top?
Um, Gtfo, people can still get their own healthcare. #ACA is not affordable, high premiums & deductibles; penalties for not signing up. 
Jimmy Kimmel keep using your platform for getting the truth out to the public.
@jimmykimmel is a rich guy fighting for the poor, thank you for fighting for those without health care...
God bless Jimmy Kimmel for standing up for lower/middle class Americans, in the face of Washington Republicans assault on us!
He is rich and cares less about 155 million. Leave Jimmy and move to Canada if you want the government in the doctors office. Selfish
We welcome you to the People's Socialist Party, Jimmy!  YA VOL!
And thank you Bernie for proposing a ridiculous alternative
Oh, a celebrity! He must know what he's talking about! Go aeay
How about fixing health care for all of us instead of sucking up to celebraties. Do your job.
There's millions without already with Obamacare high preumuims they had to drop healthcare it's a mess Republicans are trying to helo
Hey Bernie just go away you got paid off. With money I notice by the way your not spreading out to  other like u want us to hypocrite
Medicare for EVERYBODY no exceptions, do away with for-profit health insurance. It is just wrong that our lives depend on for-profit
Jimmy move to Canada. Though we have snow but the politicians are not nasty and health system is better than USA. Bring Bernie along.
How did those 30mm people survive not having ACA? By liberal accounting they should of ALL died before obama's rule

@SenKamalaHarris @RepAdamSchiff
@DrDenaGrayson
My daughter #Epilepsy #autism severely disabled meds 9k per month #MedicareForAll 
@AlexBerger123  @joelpberger Jimmy went in!
Health insurance is not healthcare

You have lost a lot of viewers who don't like your politics
Good job, Jimmy. Well said.
They could have mine i cant afford to use it anyways.
If were going to keep it is anyone going to fix that part of it?
Jimmy Kmmel is in a bubble and doesn't know anything about http://healthcare.Healthcare  is a product just like Life insurance or a gallon of milk
Leave it to the socialist like you Bernie to try and fool people into think that the gov can just hand them another entitlement.more like
Kümmel is a comedian, Senator.  A fool by trade.

Hey Jimmy, look what Gulf Breeze #Florida likes doing to people and they're not even in jail. #WTF They think passage of time makes this OK
Very much worth the watch.
