Democrats seek to ban devices that boost gun rate of fire http://nbcnews.to/2xgx6VV  
We already hgave t here are laws against it. No FFL3 no conversion. There are laws against murder too. Laws will not stop a deranged person
Well, how do so many loons get them? And so many people killed with guns left around or stolen? Fewer guns mean fewer deaths
So Wrong on so many levels. Quit sounding like a parrot come up with a original though. More guns = less crime
And that article is about crimes, not deaths

OK. Childish in the extreme.  Good luck with that
Fact remains all those leaders "disarmed their populace" We see the results from history. 2nd Amdnt Protects us from Tyranical government .
I'll give you that point. How likely is that, though? More likely for a kid to pick up their parents gun
Why the hell do we even need semis?
They cause less than 3% of gun deaths a year so it's not really even worth looking into banning when they are so popular for many reasons.
And there's ultimately only one reason they're "popular". Because they kill people efficiently.
I own one because they are a lot of fun. If they killed as many people as handguns did I'd have a problem but they don't.
Like do you just go to a shooting range and blast a target to smithereens for fun? Not being sarcastic, genuinely curious
Yeah look how gorgeous it is. And it doesn't blow up, it pokes tiny holes into it 
Why is this a "democrat" issue tho?  C'mon #GOP - get on the side of common sense!
When I misspell words on paper, I blame the pencil...
If your pencil spells out several random characters per second you very well should
OR maybe the pencil has no soul and the writer is at fault...
My ar is jealous
Common sense says we need you out of any and all politics !
A simple ban, most everyone would agree with.
I believe we should own a wep some though were never meant for the public by design get educated assault weapons are for war only
I am educated and I can type in complete sentences. Semi automatic weapons have existed for a very long time "assault" is an arbitrary term.
The term assault was coined for its sole purpose of use yes semi auto’s are typically by design safe
All civilian AR-15 style rifles are semi autos and aren't any more dangerous than any other semi auto. Any gun can kill.
You miss the point yes we have tons or semi autos but some like the AR were made auto with semi being an option so easy to modify
No the modification of adding a "bump stock" is an external modification and could be applied to any semi-auto rifle.
Stop the bern!
There is no reason for a citizen to have an automatic or semi-automatic weapon or a device that would convert a gun to either.
C'mon Bernie you know republicans don't use common sense.
You can't. The only way to do that is by banning semi autos firearms for good. Watch this video, zero tools.
Hope bout banning them completely
Given a chance leftists will gladly strip you of your rights whether you want them or not...
Bernie what's next knives and vans?
You will only be keeping it away from honest good people you are avoiding the real problem
dear senator, first thing first there are good explains why the gun laws must be changed to avoid upset gun owners !
The gun control we already have is unconstitutional
No one CONVERTED a semi automatic gun into an AUTOMATIC GUN. It was a bumper stock.. GET YOUR LIVERAL SOCIALIST FACTS STRAIGHT. DEPLORABLE!
Remember that one time leftists preach preciousness of life under the guise of gun control, yet praise sniffing out life in the womb.
The question is when will Hollywood stop glorifying gun violence..?
The only guns allowed should be hunting riffles, period, Any other firearm is for the army to use in wars, which is unfortunately necessary!
6 month weapon renewal along with psycological testing to ensure the mental capacity to own a weapon for our safety and theirs
I can tell you i face exactly that right now and I'm not tempted at all but if an underlying psych problem that went undiagnosed it differen
We have laws banning automatic weapons.  Stacking laws upon laws only add to the confusion in D.C.  Govt: do your job!
IF YOU HAD COMMON SENSE YOU WOULDN'T BE TWEETING SUCH STUPIDITY ABOUT GUNS BERNARD. STICK WITH RIPPING OF THE VT CITIZENS
This isn't enough-just another crumb. Tired of paying taxes and getting crumbs in return. Viva Catalonia!! Those people have the right idea.
No one can justify having military grade weapons modified to give assault rifle rate of fire. Purpose of such weapons is to kill efficiently
Common sense suggests we do everything possible to prevent the conversion of capitalism into COMMUNISM. There that’s better.
So easy to get a gun in the U.S. not so easy to get Healthcare,Most Countries with National Healthcare, It's not so easy to get a gun.
I sold my 2 semi-auto guns to a gun store earlier this year,after I lost my job.I never used them for hunting anyway.just at a Target Range
Problem is: they're going to spend months of effort and *all* their political capital getting this one thing done and nothing else ever.
Bernie, when did most of Congress get Common Sense?
Full auto kits are already illegal. Sadly criminals do not care about laws.
But only if you actually HAD common sense...which obviously, you don't.
Americans deserve what they get Truly Until we at least institute a registry to flag these purchases, you will reap HELL So sad for victims

He bought 42 high powered guns in 11 months LEGALLY! Nobody cared Great sales month for Guns & Guitars Sales matter personal Arsenals don’t
Bernie. It’s NOT about automatic weapons. It’s NOT about bump stocks. It’s about guns! He bought 42 guns in 11 months and no red flag? NUTS
Most likely these folks among many others will have difficult time initiating common sense Gun Control Nation wants NOW .@thehill .@nytimes
Common sense and you are incompatible.  Bump stocks should be illegal, but laws won't stop criminals from modifying weapons with a spring.
Common Sense should prevail but have you hear our President dum ass.
The Dems are the one who approved this device.  Irony?
Right now there's no common sense in DC, just ignorance, laziness, and stupidity.
Mr.Sanders, I agree we need gun control, but if arms are banned supposed leaders like DONALD TRUMP need to go first lest we lose defense!!#!
To metaphor Trump's Right wing comment "they had s permit" I'll say the Las Vegas shooter was a millionaire. They don't obey laws if Trump.
http://www.gunviolencearchive.org/past-tolls    look at the numbers killed, vs. self defense...
The U.S. saw on average 8,592 gun homicides each year — 2.7 gun homicides for every 100,000 people;between 2010 and 2015, according to the latest data from the Small Arms Survey, a Geneva-based research initiative that tracks guns.WOULD TRUMP SAY WE SHOULD BE PROUD IT ISNT MORE?
http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/police-toddler-shot-2-other-kids-at-michigan-home-day-care/ar-AAszfYG?ocid=spartandhp …
and guns out of the hands of children with parents who leave them unsecured.
Your problem Bern is that you don't have common sense in these matters.

#fucktheNRA 
#fuckwaynelapierre 
#GunContolNow 
#ENOUGH 
#TrumpsAmerica
Again idiot they've been banned.Question:where r the millions of ammo&guns that obama admin bought?Y not research that?
Yes Bernie Sanders.  Agree we don't need Bump Stocks to convert assault rifles into machine guns&don't need assault rifles for hunting
Bernie: I'm confused.  Why weren't you vocal on this during the primary?
Bernie also took NRA money
Common sense suggests reading the constitution you swore to uphold, actually understand it, and fight for it at every turn.  #resign
But common sense suggests that American citizens still need to buy semi-automatic weapons? Makes no sense.
Literally almost every type of handgun and rifle that exists is semi-automatic. Semi-auto means one trigger pull fires one round.
Meant to say "semi-automatic rifle". Apologies
So you want to ban rifles like this?  This is a semi-automatic hunting rifle.
Let's do that. Let's also stop demonizing the police we need to enforce these laws and calling them racist all the time.
First step. Stop radicalize get good people with your demonic lies!
But if you think about it a little, would’t it be better to find the root of the problem of public suicide?
Larry Sharpe for New York shares his thoughts on the Las Vegas shootings:... http://fb.me/CFU7OMLy 
Thanks for sharing
Larry Sharpe is absolutely my favorite politician :)
And then ban semi automatic too
Bump stocks approved June 7 2010 ATF under Obama. 7 years ago. Where the hell were u Bernie. Yap flapping as usual not paying attention
The first amendment gives semi-automatic rifles freedom of religion, though.
Bern you should know from experience, the NRA will never allow this legislation to pass. Never. They are calling the shots so to speak.
Take away all automatics.  Even semi. Don't need them. Only single action is good enough. It's just dumb.
You should first teach your party what the difference is because no one in the media or D party seems to get it
Easy, ban semi automatics.
I agree with this. There is no need for anyone to own fully automatic weapons.
Yeah legislation won't stop that. Sorry Bernie
Ban guns
I'm all for making it harder to get guns, but guns should be available for the responsible. Banning guns from good people wont help.
How would have this stopped anything o the last"
...kind of like Vietnam...sign something, declare victory, and retreat.
How are those illegal/banned drugs doing ???
ban everything , the libs simple minded answer to everything that goes boo at night - you get a F on this assignment
Shuddup commie Bernie. This creep was probably one of your voters
Anytime I read "everything possible" from Comrade Bernie, I have to think my taxes will double to pay for it.  Eventually we run out of $.
Old Man Mitchell wonders why all these democrats look 1000 years old
Can't we do better than this? We need to enact strict gun laws and stop these endless massacres.
We can do better: arm & train citizens like Switzerland.
How was it that this devise was ever allowed
I’m personally disgusted by you. However I agree with this statement
Bla, bla, bla
Long guns are for killing at range, not personal defense. Hunting, plan for 1 shot, so bolt action is fine
I don't know any hunter that can claim 1 shot kills. You've obviously never learned to shoot. And that's sad.
Yeah, growing up in rural Barbour County AL I obviously never went hunting. U must be a city boy we joked about with all your 'gear'
Let’s face it common sense is not very common anymore
We already have laws like that but did it work,did the law prevent this senseless carnage from happening? Making more laws is retarded!!!!!
He would have just made a bomb and probably killed even more I think anyone as stupid as you should leave this for the big boys
If Democrats did this 7 years ago when the Obama Admin allowed them it would have saved a lot of lives in Las Vegas

Common sense reminds Us daily how ignorant #democRATS are and how useless #senators like you are
You know the American people know has this has nothing to do with the gun but only took control of the population for the Socialist agenda
Not get it
*bump stock* recoil actuated trigger pull = nil accuracy
only good 4 spraying bullets eg. murder & mayhem against civilians
Common sense suggests we have tirm limits so #ivorytowerelitistcowards like you don't collect our money for 3 decades...
What you swamp people don't understand is the criminals will always find a way
Since automatic weapons are already banned, it makes sense to ban all devices that circumvent that same outcome. Friends and family in Las Vegas would concur.
Unfortunately,  common sense has been extinct in the white house since January 8, 2017.
Common sense also tells you that CRIMINALS DON'T OBEY THE LAW!
Why is Senator Feinstein's mother in the news ???
We should ban cars that are capable of traveling faster than 70mph too.
That's easy...just ban assault weapons all together
Sorry Bernie, no sign of any common sense in US gun ownership laws. Sydney Australia. #auspol
Thank God the USA has its citizens' Natural Rights protected by a constitution. No Commonwealth nation has free speech or press.
Hmmm. Doesn't do citizens a lot of good if they are dead or maimed by warped 2nd amendment. Not sure your second sentence stands scrutiny.
Name one Commonwealth country that doesn't jail someone for speaking or printing an unpopular opinion, please.
Like always Bernie u r bs your ways and do nothing
Common sense says we should ignore an ideology that has killed millions of people. Common sense is a flower that doesn’t grow in all gardens
Common sense also says we must resist those who want to control us by taking away the right to defend ourselves.  Your next idiotic point?
You going to stop YouTube? They are responsible for showing videos on how to.
Common sense also suggests that we ban semi-automatic rifles too
But that would obstruct further payments on account of our freedom!!!
That's why that's illegal Bernie....
Common sense prevails in saying there’s no way to stop a criminal from doing something they’re determined to do.
But what do we do about crime?
Only use of rapid fire is killing people. Hunting or defense of home not aided by such.
Totally false. Home defense is a perfect use. God forbid you ever have to find that out yourself.
Stop pandering for the anti gun vote Bernie.
I'll trade you Gat Cranks, and Bumpfire Stocks for the SHARE Act. Everybody wins!
Common Sense never suggested or said that. 
Common Sense doesn’t punish the innocent for what the guilty do.
How about a ban on bump fire stocks etc. in exchange for reopening the machine gun registry? There's your compromise right there.
So what’s next outlaw the 1st 2nd 4th and 14th amendments. You don’t modify the constitution to your liking. That’s why we have it bozo
WISHING common sense was still as American as knowing the difference between right & wrong. Where has it gone?
Talk a good talk but democrats had the opportunity after Sandy hook to fix gun laws and they did nothing, pretty narcissistic if you ask me.
Well now there's ANOTHER chance to fix it!!!
Stop allowing the sale of semiautomatics. You don't need them to hunt unless you suck at it, or home defense unless you are truly a coward.
I think I just want to see more mass shootings and hundreds of people being gunned down.  Makes more sense to me.
Exactly what is "everything possible" to prevent a Criminal from doing a Criminal Act, or to dissuade Criminals from doing so? We'll wait. 
Oh I know. You shoot him.
The threat of violence is the only thing that stops violence. That's why this dude offd himself when the pd showed
Yes these need to be banned.
Common sense probably suggests, that normal citizens don't even need half-automatic rifles.
Or maybe AMERIKKKANS can show up at GOP baseball practice open carry with rate boosters attached. They will piss themselves

Common sense tells us to get rid personal guns altogether- guns have & will continue to be a much greater threat than terrorism #BanGuns
If we are supposed to use common sense this has got to be on every states ballot NRA can't buy all of us! Then Congress makes it law!
Make the bill straightforward and free of extra amendments that complicate whether or not it can be passed. Please!
This is rich coming from a guy who has relied on the @NRA blood money for his entire political career. You support terrorists Bernie.
2) Bernie, watch this. You may already be aware of the federal operation designed to further erode Americans' rights https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNqxUuyHFzc&feature=youtu.be …
1) The LV automatic weapon was ILLEGAL-fed op masterminded by elite psychos, to bring in more "security" laws, STEALING AMERICAN LIBERTIES!
Yes, because automatic weapons get used for this all the time...oh wait. 
ZERO. CHANCE. THIS. WILL. HAPPEN. That's all. Carry on Bernie's Sheep.
Of course they do. Why a gun got up all by itself and shot everybody around it. Bad gun. Lib Idiots. You will never control behavior. U lose
I own guns.  I don't need a bump stock.  Get rid of it
Common Sense suggests that a Senator seated since Magna Carta ought familiarize himself w/ ‘The Bill of Rights,’ at some point .
Why does anyone even need a semi-automatic rifle?  Let's ban those too, please.
Yeah, well, common sense hasn't been a part of Washington for a long time
But banning these devices would slow down sales of ammunition. Isn’t that right @NRA ?
You can't make common sense gun laws if you don't know anything about guns.
Common sense makes me think your normalisation of ‘semi-automatic’ is such an American lunacy. Are you kidding me? Junk them all now!!!
Every bit of gun control legislation is an infringement.
Yet experience tells us that the GOP does not yield to common sense!
Let's make it illegal. Oh wait, it already is
Are you going to vote yes since you didn’t after Sandy Hook?
He never will. He is full of crap. I wonder is his fans will notice this.
Fine, let’s do it. Then when someone shows up with an illegal gun with an illegal device and kills people, then what do we do??
Maybe, but common sense  also suggests you should have been voted out of office years ago! MAGA, please Retire?!
Common sense?! In Washington? Good luck with that, Bernie.
like you have done everything possible where black keep killing black in bankrupt democrat chicago with strict gun control.
Sure, 1st they’ll take them and then come for our tanks and RPGs. What do u want to be safer u sissies!!! Oh boo hoo I love my children.
I don’t think it matters if a gun is fully or semi automatic, I think the problem is more likely “the nut behind trigger”!?
No one is arguing..there are ill / dangerous people..so then should we not take EVERY step possible 2 make it more difficult to obtain a gun
So because because people drink and drive we should make it harder for people to get cars??
It's a very different issue However I'll humour u many people need cars...other than police or military who NEEDS a gun, especially a rifle
So now you’re on the #bluelivesmatter team?
Excellent point!!
Democrats never have common sense
How could anyone object to that after the LV Massacre but I'm sure people will but if U say founding fathers saw this coming I call U A LIAR
@HuffPost @politico Rarely agree with you, but with you on this one.
Trump and the NRA got different ideas. They want automatic weapons legal. They can kill more people. That is how they  get their jollies.
No bill has been proposed to loosen NFA regulations on auto weapons.
Common sense is the most important kind of sense.
You don't need Bump stocks to convert semi to auto https://youtu.be/bD213VW6WjY 
Dude,I'll have to try that with my water gun.
Common sense says we need to regulate the 1st amendment. Decades of regulating the 2nd has failed.
Minimum sentencing for gun owners who commit crimes.
Are you going to make it illegal to be a tool and die maker or machinist? Give it up Bernie
Common sense kept you from becoming President. (The assist from #CrookedHillary was a bonus)
Would that law have stopped Paddock from doing it anyway?  The laws against mass murder had no effect on him; why would new gun laws?
When do people start accepting that more government control doesn’t solve all our country’s problems?
Common sense also suggests we should not kill the unborn simply for convenience sake but we manage to murder millions a year with ur support
AT A FUCKING MINIMUM!
Why does anyone need even a semi-automatic weapon? Beyond common sense.
Common sense would dictate that stricter controls over the ownership of all gun types need urgent attention.
If u had a lick of common sense u would say the same thing about tearing babies limbs off, which is just as bad & happens way more often.
And, so should everyone...amazing how this sector is a bit more interested now, that this pain has fallen on them...
and, honestly I would never wish for it...
#GunControlNOW
As an avid shooting enthusiast, I agree!
