Mr. Sanders, nothing is free. The cost is still payed for. In taxes. On top of this, Physicians in Canada make significantly less than their
US counterparts, thereby lowering the incentives to become a doctor. Socialized medicine also lowers competition, reducing the incentive to
to create cheaper, higher quality, and more efficient healthcare than a competitor.
Canada has better health care outcomes than the US.  Paying a tax to insurance companies does not improve health care.
Exactly No competition in US healthcare, no incentive to lower prices b/c insurance pays & then premiums go up. Need price controls.
Gov funding = price control:  Health care will cost whatever gov is willing to pay
That is exactly my point about lowering the incentive. As a doctor, owning your own business, you can set your price.
Well that sort of misleading because you pay just not at the doctor's office
But per capita, year after year, our system costs less than yours and produces better health measures.
That probably is true but I was just focusing on the misleading tweet a sander saying you go to the doctor and you pay nothing. You pay
BS. If you are there to get a certificate for life insurance or a drivers licence etc you pay. For regular health visits to heart attack $0.
Depends on dr. My dr has never charged me.
More bullshit. No doctor charges for medical care. Certificates and such is not care, that is charged.
The point I'm making is you do pay just not at the office it's with taxes it's just how do we want to pay for this is the question
From flue shots to heart attack $0.
Why then do doctors from the USA go to Canada and donate time to help out in various areas? Do they not have enough doctors up there?
Bullshit. Plenty of American doctors come here because the single payer makes their costs less and simpler.
I said "donate time" and then they return to the states and their practices.
That is still bullshit. No American doctors donate time to Canada.
is this Bernie?
We have no need of American doctors donating time.
guess you don't know all there is to know about the state of Canadian medicine then. I KNOW what I KNOW
You know nothing
Bernie, please push for single payer without compromise.
After waiting till you're near death....and what do you get back.....nothing
If you ever get to see a doctor...
Why is it the US could do the same as canada?  Even something close?
That's a joke right Bernie?  SOMEONE PAYS!  So the healthier are forced to support the less healthy, simply because MARXISTS require it.
SP/UK has AIDS epidemic.  They sell AIDS test kits in vending machines.  Y not C free doctor?  Not recording cases or contacts thru Vending?
That is not true. They pay for it in other ways. My Canadian friends always brag about their healthcare, but then complain about their COL.
COL varies widely across Canada. That's a non argument.
So the health care is really freeeeeee! LOL.
Never said that. But I'd challenge that portion of our taxes going to HC are less than your premiums and out of pocket expenses.
Taxes are a tricky thing. Employers or merchants pay a portion and pass it down to the consumer. Tax payer/consumer are paying the bill.
No, not tricky. We collect x dollars in taxes a year. A % goes to HC costs. The $ of my Advil has no part in this equation.
Except for the exorbitant taxes...
And how long does it take to get an apptmt? Why do Canadians come to US to get their meds?
WRONG.  One still pays...in the form of more taxes being taken from one's pay check.  Nothing is "FREE" Bernie.
What does a doctor in Canada do for u during a visit there? "Nothing"
It's not free in Canada you pay for in higher taxes - it would be Medicaid for all and much higher taxes
If I had to choose between a couple hundred more dollars in taxes or a $50,000 medical bill...I know which I'll choose.
A couple hundred more? A week maybe - try an easy $1000 more a month
Where did you get this information?
From the studies done on tax increases needed for single payer insurance system
I'd be long dead if I didnt receivefree health care - do u know anything about chronic illnesses?
It's free if you can find it.  Don't know if everything is covered or is it debated by committee?  U can bet wealthy will see pvt physicians
Bern my Bro!!! NOTHING is free" even the med-care you claim to be free" IS PAYED BY TAXES deducted from a working man or woman.
this boohoo shit over redistributing taxes you already pay away from bloated military (for one), to anything that helps citizens is insane..
ur arguing in favor of allowing insurers to position themselves between ppl & HC. all arguments against SP hinge on broken system as it is.
No I do Not! My Argument is that Taxpayers pas been paying all intitelments for non taxpayers 4 to long
cost of living in a society. older generations shouldnt have to be told this.
Why now are the Dems asking to fix it?  Thought is was it was so good when it was passed?
They pay for it alright. Every time they buy a loaf of bread or get gas they pay double what we pay. You are such a egg head. RETIRE.
#FakeNews.
You'd rather have people die than give them the health care that is a human right
SP/UK lost 2400 hemophiliacs from AIDS tainted blood.  How does this happen 2 so many, 20 years after blood screening?  They can cull pop!
Here's an answer
How long can you wait for an emergency procedure or a similar? Chances are you will die before you get it. Be sure and add that
So why does everybody keep coming to the good old USA for medical treatment ???
Everybody? I've never met one Canadian who has gone for treatment there. I'm sure some do for elective/experimental, but not much else.
You don't get something for nothing. You either pay at POS or pre-pay with taxes.
Good. Taxation has no better end-point than the well-being of our nation.
As a Canadian I honestly can't imagine how someone can value saving money on taxes rather than saving the lives of people #lifeovermoney
Canada doesn't have an open border and over run with illegals.
Canada supports immigration as it is needed to sustain our population, illegal immigrants don't have a health number so don't benefit
Bullshit!  Someone is footing the bill.  Doctors don't work for free!
We may see an influx of Americans to Canada . Perhaps we should study/learn their govt?
That lady doesn't pay nothing, but for sure others will do pay for her.
Can individual US states join Canada's health care? @CharlieBakerMA hint hint
What do they pay in taxes every week? "A hell of a lot more than us." How long do they wait to see a doctor? "A lot longer than us"
Nope.  pure bullshit.
We pay in our pay cheques for allnothing is entirely free goes in one pot everybody shares more u make the more u pay in taxes(for health)
Well, we pay out of our checks, several hundred a month & then pay again when we use facilities.
My point was there is no free health care. Just a well put together plan that covers all.
I think most realize that.
Apparently not Bernie"What do you pay when you go to the doctor in Canada?  "Nothing."
Yup $0
When I started a fan club for Bernie a decade ago it wasn't because of politics, it was because of his brilliance &  great sense of humor
Personal testimonial from my dentist.  His sister in Nova Scotia, waited 6 months 4 thyroid treatment.  U leave out how long before U see Dr
And you get what U pay for.  Tried to get a new doctor, was met with either closed practice or no medicare welcome?  Congress has screwed us
What do you pay if you don't go to the doctor in Canada?  High taxes.
No Dumb A$$ it's paid for by the massive Taxes everyone else pays.
You just wait forever to be seen by a doctor. Thanks #BankFraudBernie
I went to my doctor (in Canada) yesterday. I waited 5 minutes to be seen. IF that.
The USA is the only advanced country without universal healthcare?   Everything shouldn't be about profit for corporations. People are blind
Yep, if your able to wait a year to get an appointment and another couple to get actually treated
I can see my doctor any time up here. Free!
I just love walking into the doctors....gerting a clean bill of health and walking out with no bill to pay.
We also get a clean bill of health. It's the next page with a bill with a sum as long as 3 phone numbers.
And then the heart attack
That's how they get you. Two for one special!
You pay a 90% tax rate
Uh, nooo try 40% ish at the top.
Somebody pays. If you can ever see a doctor in Canada that is. Huge wait times for most.
Uh, noooo.  Try again.
Uh, yesss. http://www.ctvnews.ca/health/healthcare-wait-times-hit-20-weeks-in-2016-report-1.3171718 …
This was already Addressed in other tweets. We triage surgeries so some people wait, yes. My dad waited 6 mnth for 'medically necessary' 1/2
Knee replacement but he was in min pain and completely mobile. He should wait.
of course not, its all paid ahead of time in federal taxes.
This is total crap. I'm Canadian and we have horrible health care and high taxes that pay for the health care. And drugs are not cheap.
I wrote a paper in one of my classes about life expectancy and came to find out that many Canadians come to the US for health treatment
That is misleading. They pay an average of $12k year towards their premiums and a percentage of total cost.
Link to this please? Study, not article from the star.

Between very high taxes, user fees and drug costs, we actually pay far more than nothing.

It's a good system but let's be honest here.
BS we pay terrible high taxes - have doctor shortages - wait months for operations & on & on the list goes - so don't lie -u must know this
We pay through the ass in taxes.
Dont let this idiot hippy tell u our health care is free
It aint
And we wait
And wait
Free sounds great Bernie. Unless I'm too dead to cash in on the freeness....
What do you pay period? Free houses and bank fraud...
What about the Constitution?
the question is how long do you have to wait to see a doctor?
Yes single per for all
What is the population of Canada? just asking
So why do A LOT of Canadians come to the US for medical care then? 
I hate this tweet, but since you voted against the Russian sanctions I'm gonna give you a pass.
You pay nothing when you go to the doctor because you pay throughout your working life through taxation, even if you never use it.
To say that health care in Canada is free, is an all out false statement. H, don't put out false statements!
BernieMcburnburn #fraudster #exposed #paidoff #DNCFraudLawsuit #wife #specialneeds #specialneeds #ripperoffer you 2 r #Crooks #MAGA
Re: the ancient corporate marketing of Canada
Yep, but it takes YEARS for cancer care and the wait at ERs is hours long!!! And u see no prob, as long as it's free right??
And what do you do when you have terminal cancer and you can't see a physician for 18 months?  You go to the U.S. for treatment or you die.
You live in a utopian world where you think there is enough rich people to pay for everything!  Look at vet administration!  It's a mess!
Why do a lot of Canadiens come down here for medical care?  Answer because the waitin lists are long!  We do not have enough money !
Okay I'm in Japan And have to say; America needs a single payer plan like Japan.I support any politician pushing for it.  P.S. I voted Trump
Get Big Govt OUT of healthcare. Govt control of HC is IMMORAL! Freedom in HC will lead to competition, innovation and decreasing prices.
No, it's not free. We pay for it with our taxes. The system is abused with mass amounts of wasteful spending. Wait times have killed people.
We pay enough taxes, may as well invest fractions of it into a healthcare plan that takes care of the American people....
Wow, with a straight face you think healthcare costs nothing in Canada. You need mental health care ASAP
Except quite a lot of your income for a substandard level of care.
So we are comparing apples and oranges... Canada 36,000,000 people US 326,000,000 nearly 300,000,000 MORE in the US
What will people in Iowa pay at the first of the year. a 57% increase.  The last hold out of a socialist program.  hope it fails. like you.
I vote for you
So proud to see my fellow Canadians setting the record straight.. @StephenMillerAL was wrong. Becoming a Canadian is the "golden ticket" 
O.K. then we'll send #Bernie to Canada...Can the USA trade #Bernie for @MichelleRempel ?
http://nationalpost.com/news/canada/number-of-canadian-patients-travelling-abroad-for-treatment-increased-by-25-study-finds/wcm/fd7f9f40-ea48-4422-bb97-520174d8324a …
bullshit
Canadian Premier preferred to pay and get best HC in world when it came to his life
Why do so many come to US for HC is Canada is such a prize include Govt Officials
You pay nothing, but u wait months to get
Help to see a specialist and wait hrs I mean hrs in the emergency.  Simple Blood test 3 to 4 wait.
Truely believe that you, Mr. Saunders, will go down in history as one of the greats! Keep up the good fight!
And just how long does it take you to get their comrade sanders?
Why did Canada's minister of health Belinda Stronach come to the US to get treatment for her breast cancer?  We know, it's better here.
Lies lies lies and you knows bull shit cominism propaga day. They give you free medical and education, but they own you. Lies, Sander, lies.
Canada  loves Bernie. We can feel the burn, even in the North
I agree with you Bernie on this one.  Our medical costs are out of control.  Something is going to give.
not a surprise that US has a low life expectancy as it it doesn't have unvrsal Hlth Cr! US also has lgst per capita income, use inc tax!
@garyhennenfent you're still alive
Haha, what a load. U pay alright. Not at the doctors counter, but every other counter u visit. Plus on ur paycheck.
NO! Everyone else pays through taxes for her healthcare!
They wait for over 6 months and then they come to US for treatment! This has been going on for years!!!
nope, the is GOP propaganda.
You are an idiot
I think your forgetting about a tax. So its not free
BS our wait times long, space rationed, ppl housed in hallways we pay HIGH taxes, state decides who gets treatment,  whole lot wrong here
http://business.financialpost.com/opinion/health-cares-free-in-canada-right-wrong-and-youre-paying-a-lot-more-than-you-think/wcm/6a67d728-f163-41a6-a371-c883b10fe73d … One article of many over years. Don't let Bernie fool you. It's not utopia by far
@HuffPost @politico Nothing his free. The last time I visited Canada, I paid 14% sales tax on everything, as residents do daily.
If you don't die first while on the waiting list.
WRONG..we pay big taxes for our health care...
Instead you travel to Tucson to get the care you need and pay for it there!
#BernieCare
Long lines high taxes limited care it's a high cost
That's because she is probably retired and not paying the taxes that fund her healthcare...
@Ret/Justin:  about 10 yrs ago I was at death's door in the USA and the hospital in the USA told me I had to wait four months...
I agree with health care being a right for all, but I heard that it's a long wait for treatment, cancer especially which is time-sensitive
You heard wrong.
He's being dishonest he doesn't mention that they pay 52% income tax instead of 35%
Proud to be 

The government runs the VA and it's a nightmare.  .you really think you would do better controlling  everyone healthcare.....what a joke
France  from my knowledge has fantastic healthcare.
U fool. Bcause u spend months waiting for care, then u give up.  You'll have better future running VT private colleges. Are they free?
Had a torn Achilles a yr ago, finally went to the Dr. (yes I'm a guy, I was convinced it wasn't torn) on Wednesday, had surgery on Saturday.
If Canada is so great then why did you stay a US politician & take tax payer money for a pay check? Seriously. You sold out man. Just stop.
Nobody said it was free. It is an insurance policy premium just as yours is but a lot less. Less then $100/mth.
It certainly won't happen with people like you paying a 13.5% income tax.
Second the wait times for certain tests/procedures can be massive.
Firstly people drive hours to go back to a Family Doctor that they're on a list for or they wait hours at a general clinic.
Sometimes. Not necessarily for expensive treatments.
Please go to Canada and stop complaining then Bernie. This is America
Money don't matter to you Sanders,  you and your wife get it for free by fraud.
Actually Bernie, depending on each province, some pay premiums others do not. In BC where I live, I pay 75 dollars a month for MD & hospital
BERNIE FOR PRESIDENT IN 2020 PEOPLE!!!...WE NEED BERNIE BAD!!!!
Then move to Canada
Bernie, let's implement Obamacare or single payer system for Congress too. Then we all will sign up. If it's that good

Our healthcare is wonderful!! Thank God!
Yes nothing healthcare here is excellent  higher taxes but pays for healthcare, 18 months paid maternity and affordable university
What kind of medical services do you get in Canada? "Nothing."
How much do u pay in taxes in Canada?
Nothing , because you never get to see them and end up coming to the USA for real care, dipwad
Thats because a give u a number and say get in line. In about 4 months they'll call u.
Peep me moving to Vermont then eventually escaping to canada
my friend in canada say there a lot a co-pays, but they happy with single payer overall.
problems that develop into major medical conditions by the time you're diagnosed.
In Canada major medical issues are treated immediately, HOWEVER often you wait for weeks or months to be seen by a doctor for minor problems
That is what dumb Trump is doing from his myopic ways of seeing things.. Trump is making America look stupid to whole world what a jerk 
You're a liar! Healthcare is paid through taxation. It's NOT FREE!!!
How long does the average person wait in line ?
Then move there.
how much tax do they pay?
My friend got this bill for 450 today from his annual physical on Obamacare. the doctor they said was in network is not really in network.
As a proud Canadian, I am happy to pay higher taxes to provide health care for ALL!
Oh you pay alright. Just not the doctor.
My friend had a suspicious mass. Waited two months for scan.
How long do you wait for surgery in Canada? Months!
http://thefederalist.com/2017/08/16/america-already-single-payer-system-killing-veterans-like/ … please read this
Thats BS cus ive had to pay many many times for medical service. Ive almost died because of our free medical system in Canada. Its not free.
You lie
if our country can't take care of medical for our citizens we got it all wrong!
How long is the wait? 1 year?
You did not ask the Canadian who funds their healthcare. How much do the Canadians pay in taxes toward healthcare? What does it cover? Ask!!
Someone has to pay
Hahaha nothing my ass try 48% of your earnings in some form of tax, it's about as socialist as you can get
48% bulshit. GOP propaganda.
And how long do you have to wait?
Hey, I'm sure they will welcome you.  Adios!
Go watch Steven Crowder tell the truth about Canadian Healthcare.  How much does  it cost to be on it? Half of what I earn!
Everyone must listen to this  re: A Hlthcare plan that works!!
Thks Bernie
How long do you have to wait Bernie?! How are procedures approved/denied?!?! Don't take us for stupid, we know your game...it's weak...
Liar, it's paid through higher taxes! Are you that ignorant or that big of a liar? How did the VA do when you were committee chair? #Fraud
wait. doesn't the very high tax rate pay for it? So you pay and pay and pay whether you need care or not? sounds terrible.
Yeah, but you pay for it in high taxes.
Please don't say we don't pay "nothing". I am sick of people thinking this is free. We pay higher taxes - depending on your income.
It's something we value as a Cdn society (as most Euro countries). We all have variances but it enables equity and access.
The problem with the US is not valuing access, equity and for many the govt not having a role in HC (mainly do to lack of understanding).
The way I hear Americans, Congress and Senate talk about it - they have no idea of what they are talking about - or concrete plans.
There are dozens of excellent ex/ around the world. Again NOT FREE. Taxpayer $ pays for it. Be clear. But I wouldn't have it any other way.
In some cases it's public-private. HC is a billion dollar sector. Not free at all, but we all pay into it in some way. Stop calling it free.
The nuances of HC need to be described in simple terms to enable people to understand the advantages of systems like Canada, UK etc.

How much do u pay mr. BS?
And what do you get in Canada if you have a non approved medical issue? NOTHING are  a ticket on a plane to the US
That's more or less the case in Finland, too.
That's simply not true. What do you pay for roads? Fire service? Police? Single payer may be best option, but let's not pretend it's free.
I guess that woman wasn't a plant.
Just had shoulder surgery. Free. Yes I had to wait 3 months but I never would have been able to afford it. Very happy Canadian here.
Canadian HC is nothing the US should aspire to; long lines, heavy tax, no choice; endless delays; why do so many Canadians go to US doctors?
Do not support socialized medicine. But billions in profits by insurance companies and other should not be allowed. Abusive.
Your wife has a few million maybe she can help
Oftentimes your very life as you wait on a list to be treated.  But hey that saves Canada money in the end right Bern?
Yes, Bernie that true.  However, you may have to wait 6 months for the Dr. can see you.
Correct!
I'm Canadian and need only show my Ontario Health Insurance Plan (OHIP) card  
What does hypocrite @BernieSanders pay when he sees a doctor? Nothing. The taxpayers pay for him while he lives in mansions & robs banks
Nothing because you can't get an appointment.  Great medical care????
