I love Penn Jillete, but he has a poor understanding of how governments and markets form and operate.
Implying taxation is theft is just plain wrong and he ignores or is ignorant that market formation is itself a violent process.
We live in a society, individual will is not law. We all reap the productive benefits of the collective, past and present.
Then lobby your representatives to change it. I don't like programs that don't work either.
I know it's hard for a democrat to understand a balanced budget. SMH
Why is a balanced federal budget a good thing?
OK, I'm OK with it, if YOU pay the deficit.
The public doesnt pay for deficits, we pay for surpluses. Think, what does it mean when the public sector runs a surplus?
Are you really that clueless? SMH
YET ASKING WORKING AMERICANS YO COVER FREE COLLEGE AND BENEFITS IS MORAL?   #moron
Good thing tax dollars dont actually fund federal spending.
Caps button broken? Or is that just your thing? Anyway federal taxes are the following act to spending.
NOPE. JUST TRYING TO OFFEND, OR SCARE YOU WIMPY SNOWFLAKES
Hmm, try harder, caps don't offend really
KEEP TELLING YOURSELF THAT SNOWFLAKE  #PATHETICHUMAN
Come on, try harder for me, make me mad
You are so Right Senator Bernie Sanders,thank you for fighting for us who depend on our benifits to barley make it through the month 
Keep pounding Bernie
Mr Sanders, thanks for being there for us. I was Dx with JRA at age 2. Worked until I couldn't. I get $844 in SSDI, not enough 2 live on
I still have to pay taxes on that. Why is it I can't work, but I can't live on 844 a month! Meds or food. What do I pick if reps pass budget
Yes, his unbalanced, only cut 0.01 trillion budget is immoral because it will bankrupt us. Not like your idea is any better.
Yes. But Who rigged it? Government.
"Immoral" that's pretty rich considering that @TheDemocrats wrecked the U.S. health insurance system and sent $1.7 Billion in cash to Iran.
Which was $1.7 billion the US seized during sanctions. It was Iran's money, and you would know that if you read the deal
Saudi Arabia does way more terrorism than Iran. They fund La Qaeda, you know, the people who did 9/11 and funded ISIS. We're also funding
Doesnt matter Iran is still horrible
I never said Iran was perfect. In fact, far from it. But we have to acknowledge the overwhelming terrorism isn't bc of Iran, its bc of SA
There's a rallying cry.
BERNARD IS A LOOSER AND HILLARY KNOWS IT. STOP THE SCARE TACKTIC YOU SUEDO MILLIONAIRE COURTESY OF THE CLINTONS
That's PRESIDENT Trump to you and CNN is FAKE NEWS
I don't get why all you do is bash POTUS instead of giving positive feed back. Ideas. This is why Dems lost me & millions of other Dems.
Able body persons on food stamps will start working again.  Who would disagree with that
Only if they can find a decent job.  What do you think everyone on food stamps is a free loader like Trump is with tax laws?
So how is Trump's budget immoral? Please be specific. Proof?
Understand your sincerity  but you d o not understand an uncorrupt capital society. I agree there is work to drain the swamp before it works
TERM LIMITS FOR SENATORS FLAT TAXES 1 ASSISTANT FOR SENATORS NOT 33 FOR A PAYROLL OF 24 MILLION DOLLARS TO TWITT ALL DAY
Stand together against the terrorism of the American way.
Abortion is immoral. Let's start there.
what's immoral bernie is the massive debt democrats have stuck the American people with via borrowing money-dems will pay dearly-angry taxpy
Both parties are to blame.  Reagan was the first one to start the big spending spree. You should know the facts.
Come up with a better one that works or be quiet!
2018 can't come fast enough
And you're just a sore loser. How about you disclose your financial situation bern?
His presidency is immoral and illegitimate
What's immoral is making those that work pay for people who don't care to pull their own weight. Programs are designed 4 help not to live on
Wait until they realize, how much they would save, if they just stop paying for ANYTHING! #idiocracy tRUMP doesn't like to pay, anyone.
Change the record, Bernie
YOU ARE AN IMMORAL COMMUNIST AND MUST BE DEFEATED
He was - very easily, at that.
Bernie u are immoral ur socialist views would ruin what our country was founded on! Ur party cares more about illegals than Americans!
Making people dependent on the government & a hand out not a hand up is immoral. Good grades for not being properly educated is immoral.
Another socialist solution debt debt debt
not only immoral, but also criminal causing needless and premeditated homicides of tens of thousands Americans.
The fact 99% of Americans have been tricked in saving a dollar that can't preserve their wealth is immoral.
The GOP are terrorists..this will KILL our most vulnerable, the weakest in our society and they don't seem to care..THEY DON'T CARE..
You are immoral and must be defeated
I agree. It is disctriminatory and exposed 45's lies
Yes because the Left has had all the answers so far..... oh wait who am i kidding? They havent.Debt doubled under Obama.
Can it be though?!?
Why don't you chip in some money to offset the cuts Bernie...
YOU ARE RUNNING IN 2020 or NOT ???
No it's not. It takes power and money from government and let's those who earn it keep it.
And your wife bankrupting a college is moral? Owning three houses is moral? Spare us your hypocrisy Bernie.
Yea. Everyone can't have three houses Berns. So, how's the wife? #libtard #Venezuela #hypocrite #NorthKorea #Socialist #Brazil  #defraudbank

No cuts, just slower growth, win for taxpayers
You preach about giving free healthcare and all that but you pay little tax. Why don't you pay more if you are so generous. U are Hypocrite
Bernie's bright idea is communism.  Known this Vermont fraud almost his entire life.
YES Bernie keep fighting for us!!!
You lie to the people why
Again you have to see it before you can make an opinion
It's time to call Human Rights service this is not right
Give the money back to the people cause you guys blow it on a negative shit show.
YOU ar a liar! I arranged MOW for patients 97% of it is paid for by the individual states Guess you're counting on your lapdogs being stupid
Really, Bernie? Balancing a budget is immoral? That's why we don't vote for socialists bc we here in Texas believe in a balanced budget
Please defeat it Senator.
Trump, ya Bernard
Obama deficits were more immoral. Politicians must stop spending too much. Young people are stuck paying those huge bills + student loans+..
It is past time to balance the budget and restore physical integrity to the US!
Thank You President Trump !
You can no longer kick the can down the  road for our future generations to endure! Very immoral !
Bernie your tax plan is what is immoral. Go take communist rhetoric someplace else. You're disgusting
no shit
Ok Bernie Do it Nike
and that callous little ass needs to be publically flogged for the things he says! He is a cruel little man!
The Democrats never passed a budget in 8 years, only spent trillions more putting America deeper in debt to China
What's immoral is spending taxpayer money without hesitation or accountability. Using CNN as a reference destroys any attempt at credibility
Why because it doesn't spend enough of other peoples money? Sad socialist #chickenlittle
Immoral? How? Please quit spewing liberal venum w/o any substantiative back-up? Prove it's immoral? Come on 'Burn', u should know better?
Wish I could just take a time machine to like the year 2200 and start over there
It'll take forever to fix the inequality if we don't vote Trump out in 2020 or impeach him before year's end ;)
That was always Trump idea is to make the rich richer and the rest of us poorer.
If Democrats don't like it, it must be good for the country!
Yes, #Trumpbudget MUST be rejected! Trump wants more money! No care for rest of us! #DrainTrumpSwamp #VoteOutGOP #NoTrumpBudget #TaxTheRich
What do you expect from an #immoral #President & #GOP!
Senator, Budgets are approved & not defeated.  Sorry that you view the world through the lens of defeat.
Your socialist views are immoral and inhumane.
if only we lived in your make-believe land where everything is free. Unfortunately taxpayers foot the bill
And you must learn to live like us common folk...with the pitiful money we have.
Socialism is immoral and must be soundly defeated.
#TrumpBudgetCuts & #Trumpcare was written by #Russian oligarchs for  @HouseGOP & @GOP. #CBOSCORE #healthcare #Obamacare #AHCA @TheDemocrats
Ya but was #SethRich the DNC LEAKER?
the same is true for Trump himself.  He is immoral and must be soundly defeated.
You sir are immoral.  You have 3 homes when others have none.  Sell two and give the money to the poor.
Immoral, coming from a guy who's wife is a criminal.
And yet its moral and right to pay people who serve in the military below the poverty level.
says the man who didn't have a job until he was 40...and now owns 3 houses and how many fancy cars?
please fight against cuts to public service loan forgiveness, student debt is drowning those helping others but with low income
immoral cause the fed wants more money for non-binary gender research? and they wont get it? lulz
You all would forsake the future of your own kids and their kids to fund your partisian pork for your own personal gain; how pathetic!
Congress would and does!
@tonycolombo971 So Ryan has a blown disk and can't run anymore but he hops on a jarring mountain bike and rides down big hills. Yikes
ya berned
Immoral?? What your socialist friends have done to #Venezuela is the definition of immoral.
just like him !
Any more immoral than leading ur supporters to a metaphorical political slaughter, just to cash in off the corrupt clinton teat? #hypocrite
You asking for $ to defeat #CrookedHillary and then quitting before convention to endorse her was immoral and led to Trump's win.
DO YOU KNOW BERNIE BARACK OBAMA WAS IN WHITE HOUSE NEVER SUCKER DID BALANCE THE BUDGET DID HELPED IRAN

TELL YOUR CRIMINALS THUGS STOP DESTROYING OUR COUNTRY GO TO WORK BERNIE ?
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE KEEP GOING!!!!! THIS IS BETTER THAN ANYTHING SNL COULD DREAM OF!!!!!
THAT'S ALL YOU HAVE TO SAY "TRUMP DID THIS ,TRUMP DID THAT YOU OLD FART ? WHY YOU AND REST OF LIBERALS TELL YOUR CRIMINALS THUGS GO WORK ?
Figures that a congressman who has leached off the people for all these years thinks a budget is immoral.
You and your entire socialist agenda are immoral.
The only thing immoral is you!   Please retire!!!
Trump thinks he's untouchable because he still has support, ya'll know when the police come you can't find a soul! #VOTE2018
Meds Bernie meds your condition is getting worse the delusions are getting worse
Give it up Burnie! You and the leftist actions are immoral! You are a part of the move toward socialism and away from our constitution!
Either the budget gets defeated or the republicans do
Nov 8,2016. Budget proposal accepted. America spoke. #maga
I'd be okay with 24 million Americans being thrown off healthcare if the 1%'s tax break was thrown from a building & they chase it to ground
We really miss Hillary right now.  Not the Hillary the far left (including u) & far right invented, distorted, disparaged, but the real one.
How many people they are going to hurt with their action? Do they even care ? Are they believing their own lies, or bluntly deceiving people
But will DNC fight back? Or will they be content to modestly reduce proposed Trump cuts?
You should be president. Think how much better the country would be with you!!
People like you trow 24 billion people from HC, you should be ashamed.
Its the job of Christians to be charitable on their own. Not thru government. Social welfare is for churches and charities not gov
No shit, Sherlock!!
Yes, sir, i agree.  Why are we surprised.  He is immoral person, humiliating as president and cant wait for him to leave.
no problem, it trickles down, remember?
so trump's budget includes pillaging, torture and rape?
It is immoral to make our children & grandchildren suffer to payback this unsustainable debt the left has been rapidly increasing for 8 yrs!
Pres Clinton balanced the budget. Rep pres killed it with trickle down your leg economics. Can't blame Obama for everything.

Dir OMB Mulvaney: Trumponomics "whatever gets us to 3% growth." Reality Trumponomics, travel to US DOWN 11%. #Trumponomics #fakepresident
2018  2/3+ majority. End the pain ,extinguish The GOP/RUSSIA
Immoral ?   How about DNC dealing the old man from the bottom of the deck to get rid of you??
If something is free people perceive it to be of little or no value. They waste it and abuse it.
What the hell was he thinking?????
It takes away free stuff. Everything in Bernie's world is #Free
Maybe your wife should propose the next budget? I heard through an FBI investigation she's great at grossly exaggerating income and assets.
It's Republican!
GOP BUDGET CUTS: cancer research, Embassy Security, Food Safety and Inspections, EPA regs that protect us, Transportation cuts. HORRIBLE
Say it loud and clear Trumps budget just enriches himself, his family, and his 1% buddies, ordinary citizens get screwed.
This budget director reminds me of a guy selling vacuum cleaners door to door
Oh please, youre the last to speak on any morality. You got paid off by the Clinton Foundation & supported those who cheated the America Ppl
You hit Nail On The Head describing @realDonaldTrump as "Grotesquely Immoral". Not even @SpeakerRyan could support this UnChristian travesty
Trump is a traitor and must be jailed
As with everything else Trump, its a fraud based on a rate of growth that is not possible with the aging of the labor force.
Simply look at the jobs added in just 4 months!
Be the CHANGE you want to see and represent EQUALITY! Selling a powerful t-shirt to support the movement, LINK in bio!!
This dudes still talking shit?
Republicans sucking the life out of the middleclass with their budget. VOTE OUT IN 2018...
Yes a very wreckless train cutting everything u can imagine we are a huge welfare for this jerk waiting for an impeachment to happen DT4Jail
so is owning 3 houses and a spouse that defrauded a bank.  Good try tho
As a Veteran of the Air Force I understand we are under attack from Radical ISLAM. Jobs are better than handouts at one time I had 4 jobs
I work in a steel factory, make  2700a month, have 70 free days a year
Health care is almost free. 
Trump is driving you away from my system
Thats Bullshit. Do you want to be GREECE? GREECE for you're children and Grandchildren. Obama fucking blew $20 Trilion Dollars.
Trump is immoral so it stands to reason his budget would be too

That is the mandate to congress. They must step up.
DJT, stop flying to Florida every weekend.  Go to camp David instead.
And how appropriate that on their graphic, the deficit is red, and the surplus is blue. Considering Rs always tank the budget and Ds fix it.
Putting trillions of dollars of debt on future generations yet to be born is immoral.
Thank you GW Bush. How much is the Irak invasion still costing us?
I think you meant Iraq and yes, EXTREMELY bad. Also bad for Libya, Syria and bombing countries the past 8 years as well.
Yeah, it is a synonym. What you are saying is that both parties have fault, But you are only looking at the past 8 years? Help me here.
No, my original comment is "putting trillions of dollars of debt on future generations yet to be born is immoral" - #warfare #wellfare ETC.
You seem to be a smart person and I'm sure you are aware of the hypocrisy, my comment was based on the invasion we are still paying for
Yes, endless war is immoral, no matter the president and the political party shield...
Something we can agree on.
What does the bible say about the borrower being a slave to the lender? The whole welfare state is immoral and jobs should be the focus!!
Nice try. Let me guess, you support abortion as well, right? Your moral high ground crumbles right there...
45 doesn't care about working people, the middle class, veterans, military families, or LGBTQ ONLY the rich! Immoral indeed!!
Has your money tree started to Produce yet Old Man?? Because your not getting support from the real taxpayers.
You Republican Christian people are disgusting
News Flash - the DNC interfered with the election far more than the Russians...

Not immoral it's called balanced. Immoral is spending money you don't have and giving that debt to someone else
Its called reverse "Robin Hood" take from the poor and disadvantaged & give to the rich, just excelerated Trickle down economics (-)Trickle
If Dems get power 2018, we must get rid of Mick Mulvaney.  Theory of poverty is welfare queen.  He can't do this job.
The Democrat party is the only ones with no morals. Your nothing but thieves how you fill your pockets with tax payers money.
#sethrich died helping you to become president and expose DNA corruption, then you shill for Hillary. Now that's immoral...
That's what she said...
terrorism is immoral,  a budget needs to be balanced.
Immoral to ur kind. Not the people who voted 4 him
Pragmatic mature review of spending policies is a more rational progressive approach than name-calling & posturing; ditch legacy slogans
