No women can choose whatever they want; they can't choose to force others to pay for it.
Abortion services are not government funded
PP gets money from the fed govt the fact that they can use that money to pay for other things frees up money for abortions. Ipso facto
Those "other things" are very important healthcare services that should be funded. Most Americans believe abortion is also an essential one
"Most ppl" can pay for the abortions themselves. They don't need to force others to against their will. St Jude's has no fed $ does fine w/o
St. Jude doesn't offer all the services PP does. Budgetwise, PP does not fund abortion services through tax funds. Donors & consumers do.
No shit. It's a children's hospital. That wasn't the point. The point it is a HC provider w more services than PP that doesn't need to steal
Taxes pay for many things I don't agree with. I don't call it theft. And you don't have to be rude. Conversation over.
It's our right! Not theirs to take away
Who's giving the unborn baby a choice?
Incase you’re unaware, planned parenthood provides much more care than just performing abortions.
https://www.plannedparenthood.org/files/4013/9611/7243/Planned_Parenthood_Services.pdf … here’s a link to the many other services they provide. Notice abortions make up 0.03% of the total services
Then they won't mind discontinuing them tomorrow.
They provide tests and exams for women (AND who can't afford doctors ! THEY'RE NOT JUST FOR ABORTIONS!
So besides genocide, they offer testing.
Senile
Actually conservatives want to give choice to the hundreds of thousands of women murdered in utero every year. #WhatAboutTheirChoice
No stupid. They just don't want to be forced to pay for it.
No Bernie, we just don’t think we should have to pay for others poor decisions.
Well yeah, we don't consider murder to be an allowable choice... what ever happened to LIFE, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness?
How do you feel about the death penalty?
I feel good.  When fetuses start murdering people we can talk about legally executing them.
When I can tell you what to do with your private parts, then perhaps you may have or have not a leg to stand on.
I'm a libertarian, I disagree with government funding Viagra.  The government's job is to protect people's rights.  The most important right being life.
We will have to agree to disagree on that. Can't have the death penalty and ban abortion. That's a double standard.
Death for punishment for murder makes sense.  Fetuses don't murder people...
And the people on death row who have been found innocent by shear luck and determination...how would you justify marking them for death?
@sensanders b/c it's murder,in God's eyes it's murder. those babies has a right 2 life,it's not just about the women
True! It should always be the women's choice..
No Bernie, we want to deny them ABORTIONS!!

#HealthCareDebate
Why is your opinion or morality or religion more important than mine?
PP is funded by the gov. The gov is funded by the people. People who don't agree with PP practices should not have to fund them.
NO gov't funding pays for abortions.
Period.
Never has.
Period.
Look it up.
Period.
Read the law.
Are you kidding me? Or yourself?  
WAKE
UP 
RETARD!!!
Stop kidding yourself!
PP DOESNT CARE ABOUT THE LAW!
They sell baby parts!
There are stem cells that are retrieved, those cells have done AMAZING  things in science and anatomy.  Read:
And I'm sure all those women that aborted those babies know exactly what they are used for and get a pc of that pie.
You're right I got paid big bucks for my aborted fetus. 
Seriously, you're either willfully ignorant or too stupid to grasp reality.
Conservatives would b all 4 a Planned Parenthood 4 care - not for death/fetus dismemberment etc...
it's disgusting seeing how many men are in here decrying PP like abortion is the only service it offers
I dated girl who had abortion years b4 we met. I saw how she suffered w ptsd. Nightmares of a baby boy crying. PP never warned her of ptsd
Baby butchers
planned parenthood was created by the bankers for genocidal depopulation. people should have choice and options but not w planned parenthood
Republicans = poor choice
GOP can talk about choice...but what they mean is Koch Bros $400 M choice...
Let me guess..your own people rejected you now go a senior home go to sleep. By the way http://fraud.wife.how  is that going
damn hypocrites Is what they are Mr. Sanders . #SupportPlannedParenthood #WeWontGoBack #reproductivejustice  #reprofreedom
Fetus' choice first and they choose not to be chopped up and sold
Thank you bernie
@GOP is foaming at the mouth to defund Planned Parenthood. @PPact @CecileRichards @NARAL @NationalNOW #FlorynceKennedy #HealthCareDebate
PPH is a muti million $$ fetus business funded with taxpayer $$ get ur facts straight
Condoms are cheap douche bag
We defend PP because of the fabulous job they have done for so many years  woman’s health  very important  they do it with xcellence  best
Senator. Republicans are hypocrites. I thought you knew that..
When I was 15 yrs I was attacked by 10 men, plan parenthood was the place that helped me mk sence of what had happened.
Defund PP they sell baby parts, cover up sexual abuse and are so deeply up @DNC ass they will say and do anything to keep taxpayer funding
Good
Spare us the BS people only go there for birth control and baby killing, all the other stuff don't happen
There it is follow the money, without kickbacks from Planned Parenthood Bernie and his wife would have to embezzle more $$
Healthcare needs to become every citizen's right. But Obamacare care has made it rwally hard for a lot of people to keep healthcare. Help!
The voters put this Clown in the White House good luck
And all you want to do is divide the left.   Hate u
What a hypocrite. He raises hell about big corporations getting subsidies but has no problem with planned parenthood. A big corporation
over 50 million murdered babies bern.  pp murders 328k babies each year and sell the parts, it's murder care.
It's all about THEIR choice, not ours.
They're for their OWN choices. Don't want the general popuation making their own, or they can't stay in power.
Ugh. Population.
By "care", you mean go into the uterus and kill an innocent child that hasn't been born yet?

Roast 'em Bern
Omg
Why do they hate Planned Parenthood? PP provides needed care.  When I was poor, they provided checkups & birth control.  'em.
1)Abortions are not the only thing that PP provides.
2)Abortions are not bad. What will happen to a baby unwanted by their parents?
That's what people seem to ignore. That an unwanted child will see a much worse life than one never brought into the world.
Lying commie
precisely as you say mr senator!
Not true, we just want them to pay for their planned parenthood care. No tax payer funded abortions.
PP is govt. sponsored murder of babies !  Look how many potential Democrats they are killing.
Care? We don't want the government funding abortions and selling off the remains for profit.
Planned parenthood found predominantly in inner cities targeting minorities. Show your true colors you racist
They can still but I dont want it on my dime.
Bernie I realize there are many issues we need to fight for but none more so than getting Trump out of office. Stop the madness NOW #impeach
We don't give 2 sh*** about Planned Parenthood...we want you to pay for your own abortion
Planned parenthood promotes murder
Thanks for caring, Mr. Senator!
Love you so, Mr.  Senator!
I had to get my birth control from @PPact all thru college because I was kicked off my parent health ins at 25. #saveACA #MedicareForAll
Thank you for staying focused on the Graham/Cassidy bill on CNN. Cassidy just sounds wounded/mad; not productive or helpful. #Bipartisan
Uh, not giving taxpayer money to an abortion mill is somehow denying women health care?? Get a grip on reality!
Get a grip on reality. No abortion=giving up on dreams for many unplanned pregnancies, which  leads to a lot of mental and normal illnesses.
Liar. Taxpayers don't want to pay for abortions, that's all.
I'm for shutting down Planned Parenthood. Medicare for All naturally cuts their funding. It should given their role in killing CA M4All bill
Bernie Sanders for President!
They’re all about choice… They choose how everyone gets to live their life… If you don’t match up… Then sad day for you
The Republicans are choosing death over choice and life by going after our health industry and leave millions of Americans sick to death.
How can the Republicans be about choice when they're out there abusing and violating human rights. #HealthCareDebate #MedicareForAll
The Republicans are the killers of today and the mass murderers of tomorrow and they cannot be trusted. #HealthCareDebate #VoteNo #NoRepeal
Killing babies is ok?
Yes.  Right to choose and the right to pay for your own damn mistake so hopefully you will learn from it.
They are talking about "Their Choice" - their choice to deny millions, a health care and make billions for insurance companies.
BERNIE I LOVE YOU AND WISH YOU WERE PRESIDENT. You are honest, smart and have conviction. Thank you 
If Obummer Care is so great and provides wonderful care why is there a need for Plan a Murder
Wrong again you bum, no funding for murdering children
@LindseyGrahamSC ADMITTED, the Feds haven't paid for abortions since Reagan. #PPH defunding is cruel to women's health!  #healthcaredebate
REPEAL AND REPLACE
#NoGrahamCassidy
Hahahaha


Oh Bernie you're such a hoot, for care....ha ha ha
Bernie- how is it that if a pregnant woman *wants* to keep it, it's a baby! But if she doesn it's just an internal growth to remove? Evil.
Because there are no other options besides planned parenthood? Let's be real
get em Bernie!
They don't want women to have choices. Especially the commoners. The amount of national masogyny is astounding.
They CHOSE to spread their legs. THAT is their CHOICE unless raped. They know how babies are made. DON'T screw if you don't want a kid.
Have the balls to call it what it is. Abortion! Say it, Abortion!
