The Democratic party should apologize to the people for what they did to @BernieSanders Look at what USA has now for president... a lunatic
Clinton foundation is corrupt.
You mean the manufactured "facts" that hide the corruption?
Trump and his goons are afraid of you and your message. I hope you run for president again in 2020. #ForeverSanders
That's a lie.
https://twitter.com/isikbreen/status/887778650971680771 …
Yeah, but "Defend Reality" Likes to warp reality.
It's not rated highly.
Lutheran World Relief, However, is rated highly.
"Dude, I'm standing RIGHT HERE."
- Politics
Neither was Bill meeting with Lynch on the tarmac.
Mueller is a Clinton fixer.
Hey Bernie ! Please kiss all out Trump asses !
I agree.  What's really going on there?
Well, it's not illegal either Bernie.
Whoa…! You think social democracies like Finland, Netherlands, Iceland, Norway, Denmark, Sweden are morphing into… communism!?!
Bernie, I like you & all, but Chester Bennington just died, and most of the people who listen to you probably find that devastating. #FixMHC
Who's this new gray haired lady on the view?
But when Hillary's people do it, it's ok. Quit lying
Bernie, u voted against Russian sanctions bill. And u voted against Magnitsky Act in 2012. Why? Explain yourself
Then why did you vote no against sanctions?
Clinton and AG? So above the fray- idiot
You have Don's administration colluding with Saudi Arabia & turkey gov, why are we only going after him on this?
nothing to say about this?
Did they secretly meet with Hillary? I don't understand your question
no foreign government friend or foe should interfere with the elections.
A country hoping a certain person wins isn't interfering
However meeting with them and offering Intel is
yes they did meet.
Obviously you didn't read the article. The people swearing they met are Sarah Huckabee & Nazi Gorka
alexandra chalupa.
It says rumors only, and they never met. Why are you so desperately defending Trump?
There has been even more interaction between the Clintons & Russians. HRC SOLD 20% of USA URANIUM to RUSSIANS. This wasn't investigated why?
I don't give a damn about Russia. The damn DNC started that bullshit after they got caught screwing you over! #dncleaks
Sanders admits he knew all along about the Russian collusion against the DNC and NEVER SAID ANYTHING ABOUT IT UNTIL NOW.
I notice you didnt coment on hillarys underhand dealings  worse than any of trumps typical lefty nutjob
The constant stream of this #FakeNews just proves your a gullible old fool and makes me extremely happy you're not our president.
This  has been and will be politics as usual. Without term limits the good " old boys club" continues to exist
Nor is your wife stealing
No, it's not politics at all. It's treason. It's crime.
Politics from a so called politician
Hillary and Obama supported the Russians for years and now it's a big deal when it's Trump. We are so tired of this rhetoric and false news.
I would vote for you Bernie.  Don't back down and don't quit.
We have in the white house an organization that is morally bankrupt. Most people would not have even considered the meeting.

Get over it! Join MAGA and leave the team that left you hanging out to dry. #yourenobetter
@cutterkane The 36%- unflappable
actual, yes it is (AGAIN STOP PATRONIZING)

BO and Medvedev
I agree let the process go forward on all corruption charges!
Bernie Sanders is a commie who owns 3 houses & sports cars worth more than 6 family's make in a year. He's a fraud like all Elitist commies
Podesta getting $35 mill from Russia was? Hillary selling 20% of our Uranium was? You getting pay outs from Hillary was? Double Standard?
Looked in the mirror lately Bernie. How much money flowed into your campaign from Russia. Why didn't you say anything?
This thread is funny, Clinton/Bernie supporters fighting with each other, while the DNC is $3 million in DEBT, spend, spend, spend!
Just another NOTHING BURGER, aren't you fools full yet?
Just like embracing socialism is not business as usual.
But your bank fraud is...
Oh dear now I must block you you are too full of bad ideas for me!
I'm sure tha ts never happened by a Democrat. NOT
Bernie your the worst, sorry we don't need a communist running are country!!
That's because you politicians cover it up with the liberal media as your cover up agents.
#BankFraudBernie....
Ill never visit another trump establishment.hes selling america out to the rich.400 billionaires turning everything into financial slavery.
"I love it!"
How about Clinton meeting with former AG on the tar mat in AZ, about Mrs Clinton.
Did you forget
Did she by chance ask about you're wife being investigated for bank fraud?
Hahaha Bern... you guys can't give up this Russia thing. No matter how unsubstantiated. What a terribly lame life you must lead.
Senator Sanders politics is not ugly it is made ugly by people like Trump who wants to make believe through lies & distortion of values
But the Clinton Found'n taking $ from Terrorist supporting gov'ts & don't forget the Golden Showers Dossier-all BS all Dem collusion is A-OK
That smoking gun is the reason Trump wants to pardon "himself" and family, though Trump denies that they were involved with Russian hacking.
It's not politics lying to banks to steal millions too. Hey anti(Joy), eat another baconator
Says the curmudgeon.
If we wanted politics as usual we wouldn't vote.
Liberals keep patting themselves on the back and they done nothing but lose & obstruct. How many people actually believe this dribble? #MAGA
I'm saddened that Hillary Clinton colluded with the DNC to keep the nomination from you!
do any of you bernie sanders fans know what socialism is ? look up stalin, chairman mow or any other country in history that have tried it
Heres the question will justice be served?
Thanks for making it uglier Bernie.
Keep up your work, sir. Thank you for truly caring about the American people and valuing our government institutions.
Oh please take Joy in trade.
I can't wait until 2020 when this guy wins the election that he should have won in 2016.  Bernie.
Sick of hearing politics is ugly. Our government was formed 2 work 4 the ppl, not for personal gain. We want the country back in our hands!
lets have Medicare for all who want it at a fair premium and let insurance companies compete with it. Good American competition
Bernie... too bad it's perfectly legal.  And what about the Clinton's meeting with Ukranians?  yeah.. I know... doesn't fit the narrative.
And the dems meeting with Ukraine??? Or your bank fraud or your wife defrauding university. What about your hate speech and violent protest?
it's the new politics bern. grow up or get out. your glimmering gab is boring
Didn't you and your wife honeymoon in Moscow, Bernie?

You said nothing when the women of the DNC colluded against you and undermined our democracy. Sell-out loser.



This is powerful stuff! Unbiased journalist  with integrity probing a squeaky clean fair-fighting politician on curruption
What about DNC / Hillary and Ukrain gov?  Where's the outrage there?  Tired of this psycho partisan CRAP.
@joybauer Why didn't you ask Bernie about the cheating DNC being all in for corrupt @HillaryClinton Thats the dirty politics we want to hear
'Politics as usual' is the problem. #BankFraudBernie
Why? Because money wasn't exchanged,  politicians bought, secret deals made?  Becuz it wasnt a demacratic socialist in the mtg?
Man I once thought you were the pride of the Northeast including NorthEast NY but again I was proven wrong with obstruction. #TiesThatBind
You're nothing but a fraud whose power lust has superseded any moral or ethical boundaries normal people hold.
bullshit ' you are shameless ,  fixing elections is something that you are familiar with.  how come you never mention that.   #FRAUD
BERNIE ALOT OF SPIN-A LOT OF SPIN BERNIE.???
Sounds like he's talking about Hillary "email chains with foreign goverments"
The Muppet Show
Nobody ran a dirtier campaign than Hillary did. She did it against Obama, you, and Trump. Hard to see you defend her. Puts you in the swamp
Shut up ,Jesus Christ
Every time Bernie says Russia, our Democracy dies a little more. It's no longer Democracy, it's Demafia. We're all being played.
I'm more convinced than ever this is ALL wag the dog. American people getting played on all sides.
Neither is his daughter, Ivanka sitting in for her father at the G20!


When great evil has come to rule upon the other it is sinners that shall conquer it, not messiah for the latter are crucified.
Pleeeeaaaasssse.... I really pray your eyes are opened to the truth...
@TulsiGabbard @RandPaul True, not Politics as usual as when John Tunney traveled to Moscow to get dirt on Reagan for Ted Kennedy in 1985.
Just the people in it. You look in mirror lately.

Had argument on Twitter with young Sander's supporter about these inappropriate choice of words today.
Apparently Russia and its people were more honest than our Senators and its people
Do something about it , I see you and @tedlieu tweeting wtf... do somerhing
How's that investigation into your wife's possible infractions going?
What did Trump Jr do that was illegal? You dems seem to forget Obama and Russian ambassador on the open mic!
I caught a shiny dratini
I'm Canadian and am just learning about you, Mr Sanders. So far, I am liking what I am seeing from you. You re an amazing advocate
Bow to your DNC masters cuck!
Whatcha doin with Linda Bernie ?
How is your fraud lawsuit going with you and your wife????
You are right and he's not a politician usually it's you dirtbags that jump on these kind of meetings right???
Bernie, support you all the way. But let this bull rest.
Too bad Jane's going to prison. 
Stay out of it Bernie
Bernie and his wife are under investigation. #PotCallingTheKettleBlack
FBI investigation on ur wife is the real deal
Your biggest mistake so far.. talking to Joy Bahar...
Look who's talking your wife is more of a criminal than any Trump. You are destroying American middle-class. Your the true criminal
We need to investigate why there are so many  political and business links to Israel.
Sorry the 500k pres clinton earned to speak was?! We're learning more about u ... 'The man of people" and your wife everyday!!
But democrats meeting with reps from Ukraine is okie dokie?
Red Curtains closing
sure but please focus on healthcare, global warming and nuclear peace
Its business as usually 4 them on taxpayer dime. He (they) have no regard 4 anything  other then getting filthy off backs of cmon ppl
2 TURDS talking politics with each other, funny
2018 Dems totally collapse @MaxineWaters will take you down you've never defeated anyone and never made it passed primaries #BernieTheBum
Trump distracts, diverts, deflects. This is his consistent strategy. Trump is lying to the country. He has no moral, no vslues, no ethics!
Neither is Jared Kushner meeting in Russia at a sanctioned Russian Bank, or hanging out with a money launderer while discussing "adoptions"
Bernie is a corrupt tax cheat, 30 years of soaking the taxpayer , and what have they got back? A bunch of BS and hot air, go home old man.
The democrats set up the meeting and your democrat head of security allowed her in the United States. #bernieisafraud
THE MAN @SenSanders 
Huh......how is your wife's lawsuit going?  Here is how Burn sees things.

Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
How dare you support Linda Sarsour?  I have totally lost respect for you. Too bad she is American or she could be deported.
so the lines on being drawn between good and evil
Confused. Linda Sarsour is not a good person. Is that what you meant?
Keep speaking out, keep speaking the truth!
Just like your wife's meeting with the bank?
Very concerned that Trump still has authority to fire Muellar. I would hope that would be enough to impeach and order independent counsel.
What Russians did you visit on you honeymoon? Investigate Bernie and HRC for Russian contacts. Socialists both, proven crooks. Prosecute you
I agree
And HRC's meeting with Ukraine??
It's nothing at all you clown. It was a lawyer who was Russian and had no connection to the government. U R truly embarrassing
You need to worry about your crooked wife
It's a big nothing burger and we all know it
Boggles my mind that GOP is making excuses & ignoring Trump Kremlin Klan threat to our democracy-"Ugly" isn't the word for it! It's insane.
You never-ever had the honesty-decency-courage to call out your lying-cheating-stealing team of radical leftists-Why? Dems politics as usual
Interview of the year
Riveting.
Neither was using the IRS for some political advantage but that occurred during the Obama admin. Certainly not politics as usual or is it?
The Matrix of 4 of thinking and being.
Only fair to note that none of lawyers you have retained for your fraud investigation are  Russian.
Politics as usual is Bernie and Jane Sanders using his position to commit financial fraud. Bernie's old school.
Says the guy who bent over and took it from the DNC.
And the Clintons are the biggest crooks ever.
Is bank fraud politics as usual?
And your meeting with the DNC was politics as usual, collecting a big check to fold like a lawn chair. Your such a hypocrite!
What we know is you're a stone cold liar trying to make something out of nothing for personal political gain. #PhonySocialist #LiberalHack
Yeah, it's actually not politics at all. Good night.
Niether is selling out your constituents, buying a third home and claiming to be a socialist.
For lunch, Sen. Sanders will have the Nothingburger
Bernie and Joy, a marriage made in hell---idiots
You're right... but your wife's fraud fits the political norm.
Bernie is takes a crook to know one!
Bullshit bernie bullshit
She should have been Israeli, huh?
Coming from a politician who flip-flops! #WASASUPPORTER #nosupportforu
Bernie liberal loser better worry about your family. You want to talk about helping middle Americans but ur real goal is to get the Trumps
@JoyVBehar The blind leading the feeble minded. Your choice of roles...
It was a nothing meeting and you libs are still butthurt
We can always trust Bernie Boy to keep hypocrisy alive
Thoughts on this?

https://t.co/A9LXhGP9wH?amp=1
Ya ya ya
Bernie is the one that we should have elected...we made a huge mistake!!!
@HillaryClinton & @TheDemocrats screwed you and you are mad at #Trump? Angry old man
Fortunately it's just not illegal.
Senator Sanders is, as usual, intelligent, well-informed, articulate, accurate, fair, truthful, reasonable.
While I'm confident Trump and his minions will have to answer for their transgressions, I don't understand why it hasn't happened by now.
Little man @billclinton's meeting with chub @AGLynch is usual to you little people. Bernie Bernie Bernie capiche.
Hey Bernie your wife is going down for bank fraud. get your books together on property's you little old man money and the power get it RIZZO
