Sure! I'll just check the part of the Constitution where Healthcare is a responsibility of the Federal Gov't, no States. Hmm..can't find it.
Stupid response. A countries care of its citizens should not HAVE to be written anywhere.
It's perfectly fine if you don't understand the distinction, but, it's not a "stupid response," it's actually an important fact.
Capitalistic systems are obsolete in this overpopulated world beleaguered with Global Warming. All should pull together.
Which means:studying each other's views.Seeing each other.
DIVIDED,WE FALL.(I really do regret "stupidresponse")It could all b a distraction
I just want everyone to get a long and earn their shit. In a realistic and logical way. Pretty much the opposite of #LiberalLogic sadly
?. Americans with disabilities sometimes cannot be employed thus making their own way. THINK.
yes my mom is one, but i dont have health insurance thanks Obamacare. doesnt work for everyone. now you think
Is it different state to state with ACA?we live in Calif and are covered. Different for each condition?I am checking this.let U know.
No idea. I just dont qualify bc of $ so have to work 2 jobs just to pay 4 daycare and go w out health ins 4 myself. My old policy was nixed
Dear God. There is NO excuse for that in this country that spends more than half it's taxpayer $ on the military.U R in my daily prayers.
I think,as many of us do,that there is much room for improvement in the ACA. But to replace for a plan w/out Obama's name?For trump vanity?
NO  more single-payer talk from you; those 16 Dems are getting crushed for joining your lala fantasy worldHope they learned a lesson
Are you even in the same universe?
Weren't y'all just attacking BS supporters who criticized Kamala and Gillibrand as sexist?  Now you're attacking them?
I wasn't . Are you tweeting the right person?or you misinterpreted? Doesn't sound like me.
Not u.
Ok

Not even close. Read his actual books, they're great.
Great I guess ,if you want absolute power.
Another false quote. Print the whole text. I think he's genius of course. Get it right. There's 13, not 12.
You DONT SPEAK FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE BERNIE. You pitiful little constituency is not reflective of the whole country.
*your
REPEAL AND REPLACE
#NoGrahamCassidy
I don’t want govt healthcare. Private insurance works for me just fine. I am VERY well taken care of.
Yes #dotard, because clearly this whole national debate on healthcare has been about just you.
I refuse to pay for someone else’s healthcare.
Guess what, if you have insurance, you already are. That's how that shit works.
Insurance is NOT managed by the inept government. I refuse to participate in such govenment stupidity. Government run healthcare can only be
A failure and a clusterfuck.
That is exactly what would benefit our people. Why can't Republicans work to help our people?
When's the last time you stepped across the aisle to work on anything? #HealthCareDebate
Let's replenish Social Security Trust Fund by recouping money insurance company's has stolen 
#HealthCareDebate
Congress also stole to fund other priorities! Give it back w/interest!
Hey Bernie, what happened with working together when you and your colleagues rammed Obamacare down our throats ? 
Republicans were able to participate throughout, many of their ideas were implemented, then they opted out. It was a stupid GOPgame to play.
Who told you that lie ? I was alive that night the democrats locked America out.. Wake up.
Those misguided individual who support destroying ACA may be unknowingly committing slow suicide. Just don’t get sick.
Senator Sanders, it would be wonderful if both sides could work together with open minds.
EXACTLY!!! 
BI-PARTISANSHIP..INCLUSION..
TRANSPARENSY..WITHOUT DEMOLISHING MEDICAL ASSISTANCE...AN ACTUAL HEALTHCARE ACT!
Bernie, you urge all to work together for a better healthcare plan but, for the last 9 mos., you've complained about everything/everyone!

Don't presume to tell me what I want. You might represent the saps that vote for you, but you don't represent me.
yOU SUCK
until we can replace it with single payer
Bernie please reach out to Puerto Rico....they are dying over there...No food water or meds they need..Prez is more worried about himself
Since when have democrats & republicans been able to work together on anything?
No Bernie we want Medicare for all
What is the real issue here that they so badly want to destroy it rather than fix it?

I don't see YOU working together!
Don't recall anyone asking me...
Stop mandating it !!! We live in a free country and people should not be forced to buy it !!!
What I want is repeal let the market work to get insurance costs down, when the gov took over every working person lost
So true'!!!!!!!!!!!!
I wish politicians would drop the American people line. While I agree with premise, none of YOU speak for all of US. A lot do not want this
What We the people really want is decent, affordable health care for all, you and all politicians included. Are you for that??
American citizens voted Republicans into office to REPEAL~America does NOT WANT socialized medicine~Health INSURANCE is not health CARE
No
No, we want it destroyed. Gone. That's why you clowns lost your majorities: because you rammed that unconstitutional mess down our throats.
You mean a push for single payer don't you socialist Bernie? For the government not drs to decide our fate .Remember Charlie Gard?
There's no debate. Every citizen gets a card and Congress has to use the same plan you give to the little shits who vote for you.
@POTUS
Today's legal definition is "Voluntary Act" and is applicable across the legal spectrum.

The law clearly discerns the difference between
Voluntary
&
Involuntary
@MichaelCohen212 

Can you please explain what a contractual obligation is? Both sides legally bound to a contract?

https://www.legalmatch.com/law-library/article/contract-obligations.html …
http://www.thenormanlawfirm.com/area_unlawfuldetention.php …
https://www.contractstandards.com/clauses/confidential-information …

HRC.
Thank you, Senator Sanders, for continuing to try to do right by ALL Americans. #good.man
@SenSanders Please bring awarness to Puerto Rico now that the filthy president won't. My people are in despair , my heart is broken. HELP!
You just can't fix stupid
Not true. Repeal it. It was a lie you continue to spread. #ivorytowerelitistcoward collecting government check and million$$$. #cowardskneel
What is it like waking up everyday and lying?
Tell usnick
What we want is healthcare for ALL!
I am an American and YOU DONT SPEAK FOR ME YOU HYPOCRITE. Repeal and Replace. PS I thought you were looking for single payer?
I suspect it is your intention to get rid of the ACA (Obama Care).
bloody marketeers r not compassionate nd hve tunnel vision. invest on poors nd get Steve Jobs/Einstein's.
And look how much time, effort, stress and money could have been saved if that had been the plan to begin with
Hahahaha really!!!
If we could get it through the thick skulls of the Congress, maybe we'd get something done that would be for the good of the American people
So why not just increase the medicare tax on those who are working so that they don't have to worry about healthcare? #myfairshare
Actually we want it #repeal
I don't know about that, Bernie. I want the ACA demolished. It's a piece of garbage legislation that hurts Americans. #HealthCareDebate
Greatest nation on earth be at least 3rd/4th greatest in healthcare soon US be worst Healthcare and education are investment, save elsewhere
&invest in these two, Japan and Canada give you an example, claiming to be greatest will mean even better than them.. in times to come
providing free healthcare be as important for any govnment around the world as providing defense, irrespective of what capability u have
You wouldn't believe that if you had a job that already provided insurance to you LIKE THE VAST MAJORITY of Americans. Don't support theft.
I do have that kind of insurance, but employers only subsidize it, do not pay in full, nor they shuld, because u have variety of employers
wtever way the insurance debate go, in the end US will have to move to what is logical.. govts need to manage health-care like transport
complex management/funding by government, private enterprise where they can fit in.. overall responsibility of the system, main funding govt
The ACA fix is for people making above the income cap. I feel for the small businessman making 100K and paying 25K for family coverage.
I agree, we must work together to improve our healthcare system by moving forward and to save human life.
What we want is not free stuff. I want what you have Bernie. Own house on a lake pay little tax. But not  the bank fraud stuff
I'm American and I want a full #Repeal 
#RepealNotReplace
I want the Russian plan, fully funded
Not this American! I pay my own way. I don't want to pay for everyone else's as well.
If it would've been done with bipartisanship to begin with it would have been worth saving! It was a disaster from the start we were lied to
Who wrote this? We want #medicareforall
and that would be an improvement on the ACA would it not?
The problem is; the GOTP obviously wants to deny affordable health care from US citizens! They've proved it over & over now!!
You're making healthcare unaffordable, doctors unavailable, & services inaccessible in an attempt to extort a country.
Lie.
No. You speak for the ignorant masses who believe socialism is the right choice.
Lie.
Amen to that!
No, Bernie we dont. We want the ACA gone and Insurance turned back to the states .They can decide the best plan for their citizens.
we hope you will run again, #draftBernie #openprimaries #nationalpopularvote #Bernie2020
make it actually affordable! taxes increased & healthcare cost went up I liked Obama  I like Trump no politics here.  quit fucking around!
I'm waiting on him and others elected in to get on Obama care and see how they like it. Bet they dont
Well then maybe mr.sanders all you in Washington ought to be working together on a plan both parties,if not you all need to lose your job
For some reason the words "work together" seem like an oxymoron in this presidential term.
I would like a real long term solution like this https://m.forbes.com/sites/carolynmcclanahan/2017/03/27/rising-from-the-ashes-a-novel-bipartisan-approach-to-health-care-reform/?s=trending#370582e31362 … @CarolynMcC
I thought he supported a single pay universal coverage plan not improving Obamacare.
he supports what is best for the american populous.
You can't polish a turd.
True but so surprised cuz u trashed the plan and Hillary for supporting it during the campaign.  #hypocrite #narcissist
Maybe we wouldn't be in this mess now if you had supported the ACA & Hillary during the campaign.
We need better than Hillary and ACA. Nixon had a better health plan, Dems insisted on single payer, wr got neither.
Oh is there a problem with it?
ACA needs repealed right away
NOT TRUE, BERNIE!
Yes true.
NO, NOT TRUE!
Okay, you win. We want people to die in the street.
No, we want it gone.
What the American ppl DONT want is for over paid govt officials telling us what we need, u walk in my shoes then u tell me what I need
Yes. Yes. Yes. #CHD #CHDMom #IAmAPreexistingCondition
Thank you, Bernie.
Oh....and get hep to PR....just sayin.
Not really, I wanted Repeal and special accommodations for the People that struggle with the free market
That's what the polls say, but election time too many fall for Republican lies in advertising.
Never gonna happen.  Congress is incompetent. Dems just argue.  You should all be voted out and start fresh. Congress is embarrassing.
SHUT DOWN BITCHCARE IMMEDIATELY, STOP  OBAMAS LEGACY, THAT'S ALL HE WANTED, HE DIDN'T WANT TO HELP PEOPLE
Then why bring up single payer now? Before the vote? Why not use your voice/energy to protest GC bill THEN present your bill!
its never a bad time to talk about single payer we can do more than one thing at a time.
I have to pay for insurance I will never use because I exercise, eat right, control stress and use alternative medicine.
The one policy I don't agree with you on.
I dare you to offer the option to add Medicare to the exchange. I double dare you to do it in the debate and gauge response
What people want is a state run system because each state has different needs, One shoe does NOT fit all. How the Fraud investigation going/
Oh, Trump is done for, thanks for asking. States don't have different needs unless you intend to deprive them.
False
You think in the aggregate yet you completely ignore those who do not agree with you!
Exactly. President Obama intended for it to be tweaked and improved.
Which is it single payer or improved ACA? You keep saying both.
either would be better than this - there is no conflict.
Nah. Pound sand.
What we want is truly affordable health insurance! ACA doesn't do that. Open the border commerce restriction & leave it up 2 the states.
Not sure that we want to repair ACA, seems to me that would be counterproductive.
It appears that the American people actually want Single-payor healthcare.
Amen because having something in place was better than having nothing
You're trying to destroy it right now with Medicare for all
We want actual affordable healthcare. Get the government out of it and it will be cheap. #freemarket
GOP can't have Healthcare with the name of a DEM on it
What a disgusting euphemism.  It's not affordable care for those who shoulder the tax burden for those newly insured (read:not paying)
Nope. We want the Unaffordable Care Act GONE. Not replaced. You destroyed health insurance with Obamacare. We want health freedom.
This is so true. Why are these people so morally blind?
Ya but u must remind the people & SenGramm the GOP has said let it fail for the last 8yr
No, no I want it gone please.
Is Bernie doing his tweeting or are his minions doing the tweeting?
That's the best idea I've heard in a long time.... let's see Congress do it
#fixit not destroy it!
Then why did you write that single payer bill? I'm confused. You're confusing.
Tell Cassidy to shove his $39,000 crap
Actually senator, we do not care what it is called. As long as it is affordable, accessible, cover what we need and are there when we needed
Working man bit bullet. now it is their turn. Get a job C E Os.
Yes!
Stop calling it affordable cause it’s not affordable
Lower the age of Medicare to 56#healthcaredebate
Healthcare is not a right, can't find it under the bill of rights?  Can you???
Exactly what I've been saying
Lower the age of Medicare!
No, we don't-- get rid of it and start from scratch, it is dead
GOP killed it
Bernie Sanders for President
Lower age of Medicare to 56 not 67 and take the seniors out of the risk pool!
"Fee for Service" health care costs too much.  Health care costs are not a "how or where to buy insurance" issue.
New bills to "repeal/replace" are an outrageous insult, that has been carried on for years.  Anyone sponsoring/supporting, unfit for office.
How do you improve the Titanic? Pour the ocean in faster?
Then do it! Trump proved he will work with you guys. Set feelings aside and get to work. Election is over!!
Remove the co-payments as we already pay high premiums. Too control the high cost of pre-existing conditions, this should be on it's own.
I'm american....that's not what I want.
Cannot destroy what has destroyed itself and the expectation of many Americans!
I disagree. Repeal&Replace with open book pricing regulation and competitive bidding+new infrastructure. It is a pricing&supply issue.
Not nuclear Armageddon? Well that's ok too then, thought you lot were hellbent on the destruction of mankind one way or the other, huh 
Easy, Have an open contest for best Healthcare plan wins $1M
is not America a socialist/capitalism?Why does Senator Gram say we are marching towards socialism? We have SS and Medicare /Veterans?
Improve on it! Work together!!
Work toward #medicareforall which I'll continue to fight for so my friends & I can have healthcare too. Not ponies! Efficient system for ALL
Amen Bernie #HealthCareDebate
you need to destroy it in order to make it better
Bro, then you shouldn't have been such a PITAduring the primaries.  We wouldn't have to deal with this crap
No it is a waste, it was from the start too bloated  need a new plan  streamlined  that fits all.
You will destroy it
As a Canadian, I am dumbfounded.  You see a plan that works, for us, for Britain, etc, & you argue why it won't work instead of tweaking it.
Bernie, you have no idea what Americans want that's why you didn't make the cut for your loser party. You got beat by a murderer Hillary.
And as usual Bernie you are wrong
I'm not paying the IRS penalties for not buying something I can't afford. You can all go to hell.
Bernie destroys Cassidy.
Exactly.
Nice of you to try and speak for me.  Lord knows I didn't and won't vote for you, or the ACA.
No, what we want is for you to go away and leave us alone.  We can handle our own lives.
Try to give us a good affordable plan.
no. We do not. You are completely out of touch with America is this is your thought.
Yes
Hey there @SenSanders  true true. can you throw one of your broad shoulders behind #puertoricocrisis as you fight for healthcare?
Non Profit basic health insurance. Works wonders in England and Germany.
I am a voter and you will never get my vote and you're wrong
I'd classify that as an improvement on it. there is no contradiction here.
Do you even know what a tweet is.
C'mon-B fess up
You can't sugar up 
A large contingent of our population doesn’t believe in basic principle of health insurance, which is to share risk. How to respond to them?
Id rather just be guaronteed healthcare because i pay my taxes. ACA dont really care for insurance industry and pharma giveaway.
Bernie's shot of Thorazine is overdue! Like GOP cares what Americans want
(2/2) Retweets what he says dipshits #HealthCareDebate
Not this American.  You should move to Venezuela.
No we want Medicare for all. Not scam Obamacare that was written by pharmaceutical lobbyists.
How are you tweeting from the debate-B?
TRUTH
It was based on lies,like yr dtr/plan kp it, lower costs/premiums, imprv competition. It destroyed itself.
YES!!!!
You pushed through a failed plan not so long ago. BUT now you care what american people want. Oh the hypocrisy
Bernie sthu
Go back to Russia
Yes - stop acting like babies. Work together and do your jobs. Consult with healthcare experts. Transform the industry.
: still trying to save America.

@HillaryClinton: gave up and wrote a book about herself.
I want a balanced budget. Less military spending. Stop the wars! Please help Puerto Rico. Stop White House staff spending. Disgusted.
War will never stop to much evil in the world less military serious if we got attached we would loose thanks obama
Besides the obvious unpopularity of #GrahamCassidyDeathBill Cassidy's rhetoric is almost as theatrical and phony as Ted Cruz's.
Build on the #ACA, expand Medicare to all Americans and add a public option. Negotiate drug prices and clear up most of the problems.
But Trump want the money and he want everyone to get used to doing it his way. After all, he bought the presidency and will do what he wants
Yes. Let's improve this great concept. Let's make health care better than it has been in this country. Not the garbage Trump wants.
That's weird, I could swear you were trying to divert energy to something the Republicans can against just a few days ago.
Bernie is a bot. Is not possible to a politician to be human.
What America do you live in?
Listening to Republicans on this stage is a stark reminder of why I’m not one. Talking points, horribly rehearsed lines & nonsense.
This what the people want so it should be.  Most do not want Graham Cassidy.  So it should as they want.  Whatever that is.
o care will collapse.  no new funding from POTUS DJT.

No repeal it I had good insurance before the democrats screwed me. Now I pay 3 times as much for an inferior ins. Why don’t you have the ACA
We don't want the Graham Cassidy bullshit, but the American people want single payer. We don't want some bullshit buy-in added to the ACA.
i like to think the bullshit buy in is the next step on a path that will lead to single payer. i don’t think america can move that fast
I think it's the opposite. The idea that the ACA is a stepping stone is lip service and it's actually used as a cudgel against single payer.
Politicians who serve their donors want to chase an expensive market pipe dream and do everything posdible to stave off single payer
I think any modifications would only be a stepping stone in the sense that single payer is inevitable, but it will be in spite of them.
But if we're not demanding single payer, it won't be an innevitability. We have to fight for it—and that includes fighting corporate Dems.
No we want it gone. Don't want government's hands in healthcare.
Because the insurance companies have our backs, right?
