Why are you obsessed with poor people?
Poor people are the majority of Americans. He's obsessed with the People and their civil rights
Since When are we the Tax Payer Responsible for the poor of the world? You need to be impeached! You Sell Out!
#CorruptBernie wants to help other #CorruptNations while the #AmericanPeople are suffering for the the decisions of the #corruptPoliticians 
#SoldOutBernie, u just bought ur 3rd house, since you advocate for #Socialism, why don’t u give 2 of your houses to two #American families?
My folks tell me that they will teach people how to fish but will not do their fishing for them. You may/can ask psychiatrists about this.
Hey Bern, cough up your money to feed the poor of the world and leave the American tax payers out of it
Are you saying We taxpayers shouldn't get help from OUR taxes?
WE shouldn't be represented?
You should give voluntarily through any of the thousands of charities out there, not have a gun held to your head forcing you to do it.
If donating to charities worked for the populace then it would be a viable option. It's not enough.
So stealing money from the American taxpayer is a sound option?  People who go to church donate and take care of others. That's the answer.
Taxes aren't theft and charities aren't enough.
They are theft when they go toward earmarked "charities" and things that have nothing to do with running the government.
Safety nets are essential to civilization. But you got yours and to hell with everyone else. Got it. Exactly like Jesus would have wanted.
You are so wrong!
Bernie a man in Washington with an actual heartbeat, extinction~not yet
U R so deluded, retire really!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bernie for President
Says you. Why not keep them safe so that they can plow their fields and grow their food? Nah! Sounds like work! Better just give'em stuff!
You should pay more than 13% of your income in taxes to help them
He wants the top 1% to pay 90% go home
How mad r u rn lmfaooo
He certainly didn't pay his fair share of taxes either lmfao
@u4eahh. Why do you always look to taxpayers $ n the feds to solve issues? Donate the profits from your book deal, pvt funding
. Your cussing makes you seem desparate and weak. Try using differenent words. Powerless people fall for cussing.
Thank-you.   Your heart is in the right place.
We have enough poor people here to take care of.Sad it took @POTUS to help our veterans.Sad we think about others before we think of our own

bernie sanders is a problem to us who dread you!
well if you are talking about increasing the  military's budget just to win the war aginst isis that you guys created that's fucked up guys
Yes Sir you are very right
Son what bills on these problems has he sponsored and  passed?
How much money does SenSanders donate and does he live paycheck to paycheck ??? Just asking @BreitbartNews
that's right, but the usa made wars since always, thats nothing new.
Even the choice to definitely kill the planet
save us from trump
So are entitlements. They cause huge debts in the long-run and cause rashoning. Yet, people vote for them because it sounds good in the now.
Venezuela used to be the Texas of South America. Now it has been brought down by one thing: socialism. Think again BS
It should have been you Bernie! Should have been you!
Thank you B Sanders for looking out for us. DT is about the Rich getting RICHER.
Plus @SenSanders the US is no longer a beacon at home OR around the world! You sneeze, we get a cold! We need your leadership! @Sandersfor46
Love your consistency to serve the people...all people!
Says the man who's wife stole donations lol
Get your head out of the sand, Bernie. We need a strong military to continue as a strong nation. #lovemypresident
What good is the help when you don't get protected
making friends better security than making weapons sometimes most times
I miss you Bernie
Trump is the anti America garbage president
@GodsWordIsFree @MinnieBellW @bannerite @BFostersbox @SuperckookLarry @Tillmantinman @CParks777 @SandySnoble63 pic.twitter.com/hgAoV2nc63
Lead by example!!! So show is with your lifestyle.
I keep asking people how can we spend as much money as the next 14 countries combined and it is still not enough.
JFK did budget cuts that boosted the economy.So because it's Trump doing the cut it's no good. Divide and conquer,keep it up DNC sell out.
How many have you helped?...Go to South Sudan and CAR or Burma or Bangladesh...smh. You are all the same
trump in a nutshell
Realize why people around the world think U.S. is the biggest threat to world peace
Donald can just declare war on Afghanistan and get the money he wants. Congress won't get in the way. They're gutless.
What is with Bernie? Socialism DOES NOT work. The nation needs a strong military to protect ALL Americans from foreign invaders.
Why don't you give one of your 3 houses to some poor people?
and you lying all the time as a US Senator is counter productive as well
Since when do Americans have responsibility to feed all the world's hungry? Don't we have needs here in America?
That's our president .... the way he is antagonistic we might need more than a bigger military -feed the poor shelter our people
Who the fuck cares about people around the world, help Americans first, then worry about others. Too many poor veterans in this country
Come on Barney!!!!
You tell 'em Bernie! Give 'em hell!
Someone explain to me again why he isn't our president...
whatsa matta boiney, don't ju want to help your brothas in  i$-rawhell?  we are doing all of this for JU!
Not if you admit and think to understand the CLASS WAR thats been ongoing 40+ yrs..if the lordship could kill all else they will..no shit.
Capitalism in US is corporate welfare. Billions/trillions feeding the MIC. CEO'S making millions on tax payers dollars.
how about we take care of our own country before we worry about the rest of the world.  A good place to start would be our own veterans.
No it's not we need some one to protect America before we become a third world country with only rich and poor
Wasn't "short-sighted and counter-productive," @realDonaldTrump's slogan? His voters ate it up because relatable
Lot of talk but no action from Bernie. The poor don't need or deserve handouts, they need someone to put a boot in their ass to get jobs.
The top 20% have more privileges than the remaining 80% of the world.
He should be the president
If only "military spending" included paying our troops what they're worth, too! Too many military families surviving on soup kitchens.
Republicans don t believe in being charitable.  It's not their problem so why should they contribute? You havr have to change that mindset
Tired old commie go have sex with  corpse of #Cheguevara. Start tweeting ur buddy Raul who spends all money on military none on poor in Cuba
we are not responsible for poor people "around the world".
You are going to face the Supreme Court very soon, that is, if you can escape the local inquisition.
#ZodiacKiller #BERNED
How about we worry about the United States? It's not your job to fix the world. Private charity is how it's done. Not the federal gov.
America is not here to support the poor people of the world, just our own.
What about our poor.. our vets .. you and others like you or Hippocrates
Budget murders veterans.
Please keep fighting the idiocy in Washington until we're able to finally get rid of the head of it.  Extra military spending is ridiculous.
Because we always put killing before life[unless it involves someone's uterus]
"AMERICA FIRST" moron!
Wish you felt the same way about the homeless in USA and our WONDERFUL VETERANS.
Ur totally predictable being a SOCIALIST. YOU pay healthcare 4 illegal immig & write a chck for 28 NATO countries who dn't pay.
Why does anyone care what you have to say? Socialism first step to communism.
Why should we give money to people that hate us? Let them hate us for free
USAID runs drugs and false flags for the CIA of course it should be cut
United Nations has child molestation problem 
#WakeUp
.@truth
Bernie we need u!!!!!!
The amount of selfish people on Twitter saddens me
How about the cut Donald made on the word #covfefe ?? Lol
Grab a bag owed and go home Bernie
DO YOU REMEMBER THE PETER PRINCIPLE? TRUMP IS A TEXTBOOK CASE. CERTAINLY HAS REACHED HIS LEVEL OF INCOMPETENCE: THE PRESIDENCY OF THE U.S.
I hear you but increasing military budget also means jobs.
So does increasing spending on schools, infrastructure, and @PPact
Indeed
Better talk to @HillaryClinton about it. Or maybe @donnabrazile & the @dccc? #Demexit
That's it isn't it? Instead of educating and helping each other, humans kill each other. #pinnacleofcreation
More talk. Always more talk. The men who are doing this don't care. They SHOW they answer to no one.
I love you man!
Bernie, you are un-American.
Our millitary does help poor people around the world. Your way of thinking is counterintuitive.
Lack of social conscience.                   Homo hominis lupus est
Money 4 weapons B they weapons of war or weapons of peace, they R 4 fighting... What will Trump have left that is worth fighting for?
You should have been the President! Blessings to you   Bernie!
Democrats have kept black people on the plantation in ghettos & have done NOTHING to get them out. Worry about Americans here, VOTER FRAUD !
Bernincompoop
Thanks for stating the obvious. Thank you too for all your efforts to get Trump elected! So please be quiet you have no power to fix this
Not to mention immoral.
Shut up you pussy
Loser!
See I agree with this. I'm not a "conservative troll". I'm a register democrat lol.
why does he always vote for higher military budgets and war funding? Hypocrite. Another F-35, shall we?
the future is now old man
You can ask a Solider they even think it is Crazy
Trumpland, It was said before, America was warned and by the way,is a liar, what did the people expect? Messiah?OkTime2 get the cross&nails
Bernie, think about what you are saying, our military has SUFFERED greatly for the past 8 years that anyone could come in and wipe us out
#expellmaxine
This is a very poorly conceived and cruel measure that will only result in more violence and engender more hatred.
Cut the pay of Congress an Senate to support the budget. Bernie supported sending billions to other nations while US poor suffer.
Stop giving billions to other countries and give our tax dollars to support US citizens  in need. Cut the pay of Congress an Senators!!@
Eisenhower said it best in his Iron Cross Speech 1956 http://bit.ly/2qxHLrQ   War machines are theft from our families and livelihood. RT
You are kidding right?? Ever since  Dems elected crooked Clinton and Obummer, poor people became worse off. Get real!
Very vile and Un-Christian. 
US economy relys on war, and it seem the Pentagon are trying their best at starting s/thing major. Pathetic 
I Agree with Mr; Bernie Sanders!!
A true voice for the increasingly impoverished world
Screw the AROUND THE WORLD PART BERNARD. Lets take care of our own. You write the first check to a land of your choice. Talk is CHEAP.0
military is important. We have poor people in this country that need help vets families etc. Obama never balanced the budget
How about that poor college your wife destroyed? WOW!!! Even worse than Trump University.
Hey Bern, the NKoreans just launched their 9th rocket.  You scare me!
I do agree with u!! Am terrified by this entire cruel agenda.
Try, ass-backwards.
Go away sell out
Bernie shut up and go home you are as crooked as any other polotician
America stands for (or used to anyhow) individual freedom, not poor people. Read some history
I agree. We should invest more into our educational system, housing/transition homes for the homeless.
#KeepItRealAmerica #SemperFi
Short sighted and counterproductive,  yep that describes Trump
Quit dividing the left. You're causing credibility issues amongst democrats. Learn how to unite. It's almost like you want Trump to succeed.
Love that man.
Why do we need to increase our military budget if trump was so successful in getting NATO to "pay up"?
"Cutting back" on poor people "around the world" involves taxing other poor people in this country. You're socialism sucks!
Bernie, Socialism is un American and the US gives far more in aid that any other country not including private and charitable donations.
So sell two of your houses and donate to the poor. Or shut up.
1 of a few REAL Democrats who fight 4 & w/people 4 REAL health care, equality & human rights.The rest of the party joined the GOP. SHAMEonU.
If you and your type hadn't gone out of your way to make us this way then we wouldn't have so many poor, sick & dumb, socialism don't work.
Short-sighted is only one of Trump's many faults
You go Bernie!
GOP DOES NOT CARE; they have no conscience, it is replaced with massive greed.
No around the world. Americans first
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free...Right on our very own statue of liberty. We've lost our way.
Shut-up, you ole bag of wind !  Nobody is listening except for losers just like you!
Then make CONGRESS stop attacking Syria. Stop working for Rothschild genie energy interests. STOP FUNDING & SELLING ARMS.
Thank you for championing rights of the elderly, sick and poor. Your work is greatly appreciated & needed. Too many Americans do not know
How about poor Americans? Not a nickel should go anywhere until every American is fed, housed and educated PERIOD!
Go to hell already
Hey Bern it's time we take care of our own. We have enough problems without taking on other people's problems!
Depends if you think you need to defend yourself from all the poor desperate people you piss off and harm.
Bernie Sanders still hasn't filed his financial disclosures, raising questions about his wealth

Bernie you CANT even run your own life !!!!
Sanders is a dream merchant trading your wishes/dreams 4 him a position of power. Don't trust him, vote for him or  listen to his lies.
Well, it keeps us safe instead of bankrupting the system.
Read my lips bernie!! Say it with me. UNITED STATES!!! Take care of our own FIRST!! Then send the leftovers.
Poverty will  always be a fact of life. However, our constitution advocates protecting citizens from foreign & domestic enemies.
Not when we are protecting ourselves
Bernie what do you think about your girl Griffin get on your CNN and call her a loser for doing  to the president of the USA Stand Together
Hillary and Obama are two peas in a pod.  They should go skipping back in would. Don't need to hear from them. Nothing but lies
Whatever dude. You gotta stop pitying lazy people and make them get out and work.
Thank you.
