False. Health is no a right. Health care is not a right. Health insurance not a right. Health access you pay for yourself? Maybe
He also says abortion is murder. You cool with that too or only using his quotes where convenient?
Ya right
You don't have a right to something someone else has to give you.
Healthcare is not a right
I agree 100%
ur right health is not a consumer good - it’s personal responsibility & a way of life.  @foxnewstalk
What if you your kids need to see a doctor and you don't have for profit insurance ?
Access is available to all. It’s just that you have to pay! Unless all you care about is getting something for nothing.
But you said being a Christian isn't "what this country is supposed to be about" at Vought's appointment hearing.
What he said, sans fabrication, was Vought seemed too eager to use his authority to suppress others with unshared beliefs.
Like how @SenSanders wants to suppress ppl who don't think healthcare is a right?
Difference is Vought was upholding a private institution's values--a far cry from pushing values w/ gov't force.
So you don't think healthcare is a value ? I suppose it would be if you don't have it.
Of course it is - that's why the free market is the best way to make it available to the most ppl (like every other product).
Like after a hurricane? Free market ?
Tweeting again. I cant believe there are si many assholes in this country that want to deny health care to sick people who cant afford it
Who pays for it?
Single payer is half the cost per person than what you have now--saving billions every year.
Paid for by taxing those that work to subsidize those that won't!
*paid for by everyone because everyone will get sick at some point and need to use the services. That's how insurance works.
Not a single nation exists with decent universal healthcare that doesn't have skyrocketing national debt. Not one.
Third Variable Problem.
Irrelevant. They can't afford the services they are dishing out. America is already like that WITHOUT free healthcare.
Ironic that universal healthcare is universal? 
It would actually be cheaper than the system we have now. Also, pretty much all of Europe says otherwise.
I guess UK, Germany, Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Finland, France, etc.. doesn't fit your narrative huh?
Individual European countries may be less populated but their models can be adopted and adapted to fit US populace. Esp by if done by state.
If health is a right, illness indicates the right was somehow violated.  People die because their right to health was infringed. Idiotic.
The E.U. is very protectionist with the Fake News refuses to report the success of the Great State of Alabama.
Please tell the Pope that access to birth control and other reproductive health services should also be a universal right.

A Progressive Platform That Puts the Interests of the American People First. 

http://www.westbrook2018.com/peoples-platform … 

…
It'll be a consumer good as long as healthcare, medicine is a "for profit" business, unfortunately.
Bernie, you make America great!
It is if you can go to the Mayo Clinic and we have to go to LPNs R Us.
First laugh of the day.
Glad I could help.
Just woke up grabbed my phone and ther it was tweet of the day
Oh Captain, my Captain
So the Pope is in favor of slavery by forcing healthcare providers into servitude, right?
I'm forwarding my medical bills to Vatican city.
Better yet forward them to Sen Sanders
A right paid for by confiscating and redistributing the labor of others under threat of boots to the neck?
Jesus healed the sick and didn't charge for it. We should follow his example.
Jeff, not knocking the faith but Jesus had all power, Docs and hospitals need cash to pay for services and gear to heal. Money is involved.
So what's wrong with cutting out the insurance company CEOs?
No one wants to argue with the Pope. Let's be real and say what it is, taxpayers foot the bill. There is no free healthcare or free college
I don't know about you, but I'd be very happy to know my tax dollars go towards helping people, not needless wars
We agree on this point. Rights vs privileges may be where we differ. Free speech is a right, things that cost money are privileges.
All other major nations of the world disagree. Also, we spend far more on healthcare than any of them.
I agree with that too, it is a flawed system that needs reform, but since money is involved it can't be considered a right.
Do you then believe the 2nd amendment is not a right? Firearms industry is worth upwards of $30 billion.
I am guaranteed the right to bear arms, you as a taxpayer do not bear the burden to provide me with a gun.
Why is USA so adverse to single payer health care system?
BECAUSE Americans stupidly fall for greed-funded propaganda.
So are doctors and nurses now slaves forced to provide care for free?? What happened to personal responsibility?
Everyone has access to health services.

In America, no one has ever been turned away.
An emergency room isn't going to give a cancer chemotherapy. They will keep them stable until they  die and bankrupt the family.
That's what the community is for.

Or does it no longer take a village after a certain age?
"A village" is starting to sound a lot like that socialized healthcare you seem to hate so much, friend.
Except the village supports by choice, not by force.

Socialized medicine is not sustainable in America.
I'm wondering how you think ad hoc support of healthcare is sustainable. What do you want, a chain of GoFundMes?
That's a lot better than a chain of YouWILLFundMes.
My taxes pay for the roads you drive on. Firefighters if your house is burning down. I'm fine with that. If you're not, go live in the woods
The government can screw up a wet dream. Imagine what they can do with health care.
...only when RepubliCONS are in control of it. Govt typically works pretty smoothly under Dem control.
You are simultaneously delusional and funny.
Well, look at what republicans do to the economy. H.W. Bush: Left a shit economy for Clinton. Bush Jr: Left a shit economy for Obama.
Thank you for your concise,factual,detailed evidence. The word shit was particularly influencing 
You're just laughing because you're in total denial. My above statement is true, especially for Obama. Bush Jr. left him with a $10t mess.
The system also shouldn't be abused 
It actually isn't a right. That has never been decided.
I know of people who have died because they cdnt afford 1000s of $ in medical bills but no big deal as long as ur tax $.arent wasted.
Same re: education, basic clothing and shelter. When even the Pope is to the left of the POTUS we have entered a new era! #impeach #resist
Religion and Government should be separate.
Why did you vote against universal health care in the 1990's? #Grifter #Fraud
http://www.factcheck.org/2016/03/clinton-on-sanders-health-care-history/ … cuz there wasn't a vote even though he sponsored a single payer bill in 93. HRC thanked him for it the next year
I'd be embarrassed if I were you and called someone a fraud while spouting nonsense
Who pays for it ?
Everyone through taxes because we'll all need it eventually. Ends up being cheaper than what we all pay now in premiums & out of pocket $.
Who said no one can access healthcare? Law says you can not be turned away. Study up!!
Only if it is life threatening- so much disease benefits greatly from preventative and early care or sustained care like diabetes
You know what prevents diabetes and doesn't require a doctor? Not eating like a pig.

She specified preventative care.
Get this straight GOP trolls. Giving everyone health insurance is giving back the people what they earned. NOT STEALING. F'ing asshats.
To be free, doctors would literally have to do everything pro bono. A nice thought but I doubt that'll happen.
And who exactly proclaimed it a "universal right"? The communists?
How about advocating birth control, Frankie?  Surely all those old ladies in the Vatican can get with the 21st century's health care basics.
I have recently gone on medicare. My medical expenses have sky rocketed. My presciption drug cost are over $1000 per month. you are evil.
Hey, you may be able to visit India or Costa Rica, buy from their, same drugs produced by same US Pharma, and still save - in this cost.
Why do you not call out your berners that have been attacking HRC voters?
The same reason why HRC doesn't call out her die hards attacking his die hards. They don't have too. People need to move on from the 2016
primary. We have bigger problems to deal with. Relitigating the Dem primary is not one of them...unless you want 4 more yrs of DT.
Ummm, you bet your life we need to look what happened!
We are talking about cyber warfare and traitors
I got it.

    
Says the head of a religious group that burned thousands at the stake or tortured/killed in another horrible way for "heresy". #PopeFrancis
The papacy is hypocritical indulgence in carnal pleasure while executing normal people for doing the same. Screw #PopeFrancis and his priors
Then why aren't Catholic hospitals free to all?
What a sad existence that sounds like.
Source please, I like to fact check
The human right of heath care exist in my freedom from government to choose my own care, not in the oppression of requiring my compliance.
I'll tell you what, buy whatever you want after everybody has what they need.
Then I am only free when you say I can be. Didn't the Democrats do that to African Americans during Jim Crow? #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
So no one in Texas should use FEMA. I mean, where's the freedom in that ?
It is about role of govn either to provide 4 common defense and promote general welfare. FEMA is common defense mechanism.
FEMA falls under general welfare not defense.
U R wrong. It protects the infrastructure for disaster. FEMA is not a check. It is an entire system of management structure, public and
Wait. Infrastructure ? In Texas ? No government regulation Texas ?
The pope says that about food too! So who in America is blocked from healthcare services?
who is blocked from healthcare services?  the millions who can't afford it
Nobody is denied life saving healthcare in USA. What is affected is elective healthcare by ones ability to pay. Either OoP or Insurance
Healthcare provided by another individual to you is a service not a right. It is immoral to force someone to provide a service.
Unless that service is police, firemen, road builders/maintainers, school teachers/advisors/counselors, legal attorneys, etc..
Privatize it all I say.
Privatize police and firemen? Good job, you've just created huge incentive for crimes and housefires to keep happening. That is a mafia.
I mean, come on man. How can you not understand this simple chain of logic?

That article is nothing but conjectural drivel and completely sidesteps my argument. Try again.
Keep reading it until you understand it and then come find me. Don't worry...free your mind. Wake up!!
Still riding that mischaracterization of his exchange with Vought, huh?
Sooo... they facilitated the primary purpose Jesus himself said he came to Earth to fulfill? The event Catholicism holds most significant?
That celebrated event depicted above the altar of every church, round the necks of adherents, enabling Jesus to absolve the world of sin?
That thing they helped do that Jesus himself explicitly absolved them of, in no uncertain terms, even as he was dying?
...as he went on... to absolve the sins of the entire world? something he was able to do only because he was crucified?
Yup.
GOP trolls seem to think Rome, the Pyramids, and the United States were built and funded by a handful of a wealthy people. Damn idiots.
Access to the labor of others is never a right. Healthcare is a service.
Unless that labor is police, firemen, road builders/maintainers, school teachers/advisors/counselors, legal attorneys, etc..
he can speak for humanity..and for compassion...
you prefer paying taxes to military industrial complex and tax cuts for billionaires?  got i
you already pay taxes..if you don't, you are stealing from the government and taxpayers
did your children attend public schools?  do you drive on paved roads?  how about that tap water and flushing toilets? socialism
Single-payer health insurance =/= health services
Why?
Because having insurance doesn't guarantee you'll be able to use it as you want or need, especially once the service rationing takes place.
Single-payer is tax-based (limited resources) leading to gov choosing who gets what. And we've seen premiums jump & choices drop under ACA.
The unfortunate focus on insurance also means we don't look at prices the same, don't save, and overuse free/cheap services we didn't need.
Forcing someone to provide a service is slavery. You have the right to health, you just can't force someone to treat you.
Which touches no part of the conversation, whatsoever. They are paid to provide a service, not forced.
What if they refuse to provide care?  What if pharma stops making drugs?
What happens if they don't provided the agreed-upon goods, or services? Well, I guess they would not be eligible for payment in that case...
So, they don't provide service or the drugs and you won't get your implied "right". Healthcare is a product, not a right.
First, The point being responded to in this branch of the thread is that no provider is under threat of enslavement...
The pope is wrong
Go away Bernie. You manipulate the lemmings that follow you to enrich your own pockets. Few still believe your BS.
religion and church are part of the problem, please stop endorsing their marketing.
Healthcare is a right in South Africa. Guess what they don't have in South Africa...
Thank you Senator Sanders, so many other countries make it work, so can we!
Health is a universal right? From whom does this  "right" come and if you lose health what/who is it that has violated those rights?
“You can’t have healthcare reform unless you have health reform, and you can’t have health reform unless you have diet reform.” -Dr. Lustig
Must be in the secret Catholic Bible.
#justiceformichaelbrandel tortured with a maglight others reported the same injustice is wrong vermilion county Illinois corruption
Oh for the love of god, when has government ever made things cheaper of more efficient? That's why national debt is 20 trillion!
No one in America is denied access to health care. Americans w/ no insurance get better HC than those countries with universal healthcare
You have a right to your own health. It's yours and you are responsible for it. I'm not responsible for your health. You are a communist!
Also forcing people to deliver a service like healthcare is slavery.
"Medicare for all will bankrupt America" -Bernie Sanders
Listen to this wisdom
An economics issue (yes, that's what healthcare is) and you seek the Pope for answers?
Just because you want it, that doesn't make it a right.  Else I'd be dating Scarlet Johannson.
False. By definition it requires resources, ppl's time and effort. You cannot command ppl's work & money...well, unless you're a Socialist
Quit trying to impose a theocracy.
Key word "access".
There's a lot of Catholic hospitals around.   They can start providing free care, Vatican can pick up the tab
It may not be perfect but I'm grateful I live in Australia . If on the minuscule chance your shot. It won't cost you $$$ millions to live.
When Bernie drops his congressional hc and goes to OCare then I'll take him serious. Then again it's Bernie so no i won't
Eh. Well I disagree with Sanders and the pope on that and many other issues wholeheartedly. Government has no right in health services.
Then the Catholic church should be providing it to its practitioners.
So how much $$$ have you taken from pharmaceutical companies?
So send money
It is not a right. Read the constitution. It doesn't even say that in the Bible.
..... every time I see or hear sanders or clinton or warren I see trump inching further away from impeachment and closer to reelection
Certainly Dems need to get their act together.  In theory, NOT being a racist, vulgar, treasonous  should suffice.  In practice, no.
@popsknox / Bernie pulls these rights out of his ass. Tell us who pays for universal health services.
We all do unless you're an American oligarch, then you get a free ride...
Bernie, your claim to be a Jew. Now you are using the Pope to argue for you? Get over it, we ARE NOT a socialist country.
Healthcare is not a right because you don't have a right to a person's services.
It's really your fault we are stuck with the man child in the WH!
No...its your fault
Just because he's the pope, doesn't make him right. Healthcare is not a right provided by nature's God. Gov't healthcare is not free.
coming from someone that the church has been taking care of him.
Then provide the same to us the us senate gets !
I guess the pope isn't as infallible as he used to be.
It's a product. Just like buying a cheeseburger at mcdonalds
Taxpayers are already funding the most expensive healthcare on earth. Provide care to all and reign in high costs.
Why is healthcare a universal right? What about those who willfully destroy their own bodies?
"Oh yeah! Well, how are we going to pay for it? We certainly can't touch the $670 BILLION that we spend on the military."
Even great revered leaders of a great religion can be wrong on secular matters.
Pope Frances is the best thing that has happened to the Catholic Church. A wonderful humanitarian 
That is really stupid. Everyone benefits. Ask the germans people the Russian people or other socialist or communist  how they benefit
Then this Pope should sell of the Vatican artwork & use the money to build hospitals across the world to give free medical care to everyone.
Yes the right to life. Period.
No it's not it's a consumer good not only I pay for mine I pay for others on top of mine
healthcare for all would lower quality of care for those who have it already and obviously raise it for those without coverage.
won't automatically be more Drs. nurses hospitals over night because you made up new rights out of thin air. Quality suffers shortages occur
HEY BERNIE, WHAT ABOUT THE RIGHT TO *LIFE*STOP SUPPORTING ABORTION #TuesdayThoughts
Rights are not something you force on others.
Liberals just do not get it . They should all move to Europe
Personal Healthcare is also a personal responsibility!
A fat guy who eats poorly will cost more to insure than a healthy athlete. Shouldn't the athlete get a better rate for staying healthy?
This country has been built on the backs of the poor, for the top 1%. They owe healthcare for all.
No one owes you anything.
Take your social coming to Chicago tune take it out of this country.
@Luccas_Garcia Conto com vc pra isso
Indeed!!!
Healthcare in fact is a privilege not a right, if you don't take care of yourself its not for me to pay for your health.
Says the guy who has sucked off the taxpayer's teat for his entire adult life. At least your wife was honest about her theft.
...Bernie, as a Marxist you're right, as one who believes In the Constitution health care is not a right it's an individual responsibility
13.5% in taxes. When you pay your fair share maybe you can talk. Until then pipe down hypocrite.
Health care workers are not indentured servants. Their time and effort cannot be confiscated and distributed at the gov's will.
So healthy people should pay for Michael Moore gluttony... Seems fair...
The pope knows shit
Now do abortion & the Pope
Less than 4000 retweets, losing votes like hair, or supporters. Hey Bernard, how much is this going to tax the American? Push truth.
Seems like it'll cost about as much as healthcare already costs, no?
The Health Care charade for expanding government power is only championed by the completely STUPID.. This asshole is Scamming for $ & power
If anybody took the time 2 research & look deeply Canada's or England's "free healthcare" & not just peruse the surface, the answer is clear
Pope doesn't decide American rights!
Ppl wake up over 30 coutries have free health care n free college, educate yourself, don't talk BS UNLESS YOU KNOW WHAT UR TALKIN ABOUT
2) property of others. You cannot force other people to give you their: work & effort, intellectual property and or knowledge.
SENATOR THERE IS PROOF THAT THEY KNOW FUTURE EVENTS, REMEMBER THE MAYLATION AIRLINE ONE THAT DISAPPEARED AND  ONE SHOT DOWN?
Here's another pope quote for ya
Dreamland. Who pays?
Bernie, you are the calm in this storm! And you're not exactly "calm." Guess I should say calm in this cat 5 hurricane that is Trumo. 
*trump not Trumo (oops) even autocorrect avoids trump.
Actually itaccentuates the morons
@MMFlint thank you!
Just admit you want a 1 world government you and the pope
That's why Goldman Sachs loves bernie
If anyone doesn't trust government I would hope they wouldn't support this 4 every $1 we send to D.C. We get less back and screwed in return
If it's a universal right ...what about Syria, Russia, Mexico? Should I go on or are you to out of touch to understand?
Hey fuck Pope Francis. He is a disgrace to Catholicism unless pedophilia, Gay Orgies and Drugs are now allowed in the Church!! #GlobalistPOS
Individuals  sure the hell did build them with tax dollars and labor  government dont have anything to.give cone from the people how stupid
saod by a socialist Pope who doesn't pay taxes
The Pope is a Liberal Activist ! Still waiting for him to open the Vatican to all those refugees !!
2008  THEY SET YOU UP ;WALL ST !THEY KNEW EXACTLY !NO ACCIDENT!
"I predict future happiness for Americans, if they can prevent the government from wasting
the labors of the people under the pretense of taking care of them." - Thomas Jefferson
Dile esto a los fachas neocon que depredan lo público en España @PPopular @ppmadrid
Trump giving you nightmares like he gives me?
Great idea! Who's paying? Vatican? Health service is somewhat like getting to heaven. You have to do your part, no free ticket!
just have them cite their oath of service before taking each payment, maybe it will bring it to their attention: you are doctor to heal #ACA
Officially my favorite Pope. Ever!
Yes dad!
Freedom of speech is a right, access to a computer to blog online is not. Do you see the difference ? @SenSanders
Food is not a consumer good.  But should be a universal right.  Access to eating should not be a privilege.  #foodstampsforall
Thank you Bernie. Single payer will control cost, take burden from employers & keep USA healthy. Also, put dental care in the bill.
Health CARE is a consumer good though. That is economics 101.
Yes to single payer! Be 100% for it and hate anyone who is not. That's the only way to get it done!
Np it's not show me were it's written in our constitution or any other documents keep pushing socialists bullshit
Does that mean if Drs. decide not to practice, they can be forced to at point of gun? What about his/her rights?
This is a slippery slope, covered in wax, on Jupiter of all places. If this happens, you must be a wizard.
"Bernie Sanders is either an idiot or a tyrant."
--The Pope
And I am thinking it is time to start taxing the shit out of Catholic Church.

$$ where mouth is, Popey...
The problem is the people who believe that others have no right to healthcare and they don't want to help (pay for) their care. Despicable
Imagine a Nuke or worse, an EMP, wipes out our infrastructure/government, how do people get this universal right as you call it?
Will my transvaginal mesh implant be covered?
Sisi Tshidi ngicela ungi nike i namba yo bhuti o ngcenda ngoso mabizinisi or abantu abafuna uku yenza i baking
What's the pope's view on abortion? Agree with that one too?
SURE IF YOU WANT TO BE TAXED 60% of your income,  AND WE KNOW IT WONT RFFECT YOUR INCOME,BERNIE
Nothing is free. You can't keep robbing from Peter to pay Paul.
Medicare is paid for by the individual and employers. And continue when you reach 65.
But health isn't a right, its a privilege. Whether you believe that privilege is granted by God or chance.
Also means u must do your best to earn that privilege, by taking care of yourself. U cant treat yourself like crap & expect society's savior
Except in the US where we're supposed to be all boot strappy and independent.smd
He has two premises that are mutually exclusive so this makes no sense.
Well he's the pope...
Socialism at it's finest
It breaks my heart that anyone will let another person die, just to save money. There's a special place in Hell for people like that.
The Pope also believes in an imaginary dude living in the clouds. You should know what that's like, your head is there too.
Equivalent to being a real prolifer..as in life of everybody and every living thing.
Only candidates to free govt medical school are accepted based on test scores and interview. Then those doctors can be obligated to work
The Pope is wrong, big surprise.
Bull
Writes a corrupt, globalist Pope. 
I bet that Pope has healthcare! He's corrupt, along with the Catholic Church!

The pope sucks.
Even tho i voted for Hillary shes smart also and would of been cool potus, if u were nominated you would of nailed the D and been our potus
Just checked the Constitution, and nope. Healthcare still isn't in there under rights.
It's a privilege afforded to me through my privilege to be an American citizen
