1) Growing global economic inequality. The G20 has a major role to play in making sure the benefits of growth benefit all humanity.
2) North Korea. Trump should use the G20 to develop a consensus. Real leadership is bringing parties together to de-escalate tensions.
3) Russia’s meddling in our election. When Trump meets with Putin he must make clear interference is unacceptable & must never happen again.
I wish you were our president. Someday, I hope to wake up from this political nightmare.
How about letting HIM do HIS job and stopping the Democratical B.S. You people haven't got off his back .Stop your excuses Mr. Sanders .
Whether you, your wife, and Hillary should go to jail?

We're all worried he might give them a state or the nuclear codes...
ENOUGH of jokes or superficial expressions it's is NOT Sanders Trump Merkel Macron or others in a MULTI-POLAR WORLD STABILITY&PEACE counts.
Is getting a hotel room one of them?
You are in no position to advise our POTUS. You should move to Venezuela!
POTUS won largely by coopting Bernie's talking points after the primaries.
SHUT UP BERNIE
Why don't you let him decide whats in his agenda. It's not for you to say.He's the President and he's having a Blast.Get over it...
Because he needs to be doing good things for the public, not f*cking around, playing golf, going on vacation, and stuff, dumb a**
I'm sorry to burst your bubble there but do you watch the news?Somebody's confused and I guarantee ya it's not me. Stop listening to the BS.
Are the dems going to continue to be the party against Trump, or are they going to grow a backbone and create a platform for the future?
The DEMOCRATS already has a backbone and a platform,  you and the rep. don't want to see it.   Because it's for everyone and not just you.!#
3. The Dems are all in on #RussianCollusion if nothing happens they're credibility is toast.  Medicare for all, $15/hr min wage ...

Let me be the one to tell you. Good job! You lost/Hillary lost & if you don't shed your pride & help to bring normal back, we all will lose!
Wrong.....you lost for everyone when the tally was done. Now YOU stop gloating admit your mistake & do everything you can to get normal back
You want to end inequality? Get rid of the world bank and imf. Lower and get rid of taxes to keep businesses and people keep their money
Good man. I don't always agree with you but I respect many things you say
#CNNBlackmail #DNCFraudLawsuit #SethRichCoverUp
#resign #resist #insist
And he will touch none of them..
Probable top of Trumps list: eat a hot pretzel to compare to hot pretzel guy on E 57.
Then realizing the land next to the hotel he forgot to book, could be a Trump hotel, forgetting he's President, going full realtor.
Go Bernie!!
And if you had been elected - you'd have a say.  But ......not.
He doesn't have an agenda other than to moon at Vlad.
Lack of better words, we don't need/want imbecile/deranged president 2 run our country. Should carry an english dictionary @ least 2 the G20
And, you don't get to pick them.
My point is it's a waste of time to continue giving Trump any more "suggestions." You should just fight for his REMOVAL.
No Burn, indicting you!
Let me just remind you Bernie you are not president! and neither is Obama! Best president ever # DJ Trump
.....sometimes I feel like you normalize him the most. What is the real point of this tweet, Crazy Bernie?
wtf u mean
He tweets and Donald like hes a normal president
trying to give him some kind of guidance, or at least make his points heard
Thanks for Trump, Bernie!
or the dem establishment that forced clinton through to a left mvmt that didn't want her. I'm fully left, but dems can't take responsibility
A "left movement" that delivered us trump. You guys are so stupid its sad
y'all are so funny can't believe you're getting so mad over twitter like this lol
My awesome sister, born w/ autism, only listens to Christmas music, her favorite holiday. ACA has helped so much! Please fight for her.
He will! Count in it. I'm a special needs parent. 
I am too. I know my daughter will still get the care she needs from the new healthcare plan coming. Don't be brainwashed otherwise.
Mine wont. She wont. Autism was a pre-existing condition. New plan, states can opt out stuf. No chance she'd get care. Really. Dont hurt her
Wrong.
1. NUKES:  N. Korea and Iran

2. CHINA:  Claiming the S. China Sea
3.   Radical Islam:  Denying resources & territory.
If you knew so well why didn't you win the vote? The people spoke, and your not the potus
What does your lawyer say is at the top of you and your wife's agenda for a not guilty verdict 1% er?
As for #3... didn't Obama already tell Putin to "Cut it Out"
I follow Bernie then drop him, then follow him again, giving him another chance, and then drop him. This time it's for good. Too much.
Bernie!  Give up ur not the president. Shut up and suck it up
Russia didn't meddle in the election. That's been known for months.
Could you address why u did this alone in a room w/ a camera instead of in front of the 20,000 who were w/ u daily?
How is that relevant to the tweet above?
Bernie it's timeout for campaigning, the POTUS isn't listening to you, the American people are concerned by his actions, any suggestions???
#25thAmendmentNow
Move to Canada.
He's proving himself medically/psychologically unfit for the office Respect the US CONSTITUTION and its qualifications to hold that office!
I hope you rest in peace, not die in killing other human beings.
It's mutual. I want wars & the killing fields to end. I speak for Justice & Peace for all of humanity, not just US. All mankind needs peace.
Our children & their children all over the world have more to be scared of than when I was a child. They're scared of saying where they live
Read this please:
Look what war is doing to the world's next generation: 

https://www.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155299146530734&id=629650733&fs=4 …
why the heck is it the US's job, or any other countries', to do a damn thing about global inequality!? How arrogant are you?
Bernie is not arrogant. He has been a TRUE public servent for decades & his message has been consistent. He's a proud democratic socialist.
Anyone who think they or their country can solve the inequalities of the world is the definition of arrogant
1) dont piss anyone off 2) see number 1 3) see numbers 1 and 2.
Trump isn't gonna say a thing about the persuasive measures Russia took in our election nor talk about Ukraine because he owes $$ to R banks
WHY US politicians as McCain&others did participate with EU in the DESTABILISATION of Ukraine by assisting to OUST a Democratic goverment?
defeat the globalist(you), defeat the bosheviks(you) defeat the non working class (you).
Bernie, worry about yourself.
Your loan is one 
You're such a wonderful person...why aren't you my President?
Linda sarsour jihad isis support from Linda Linda's deportation
Can you please quit calling him President, just call the POS Trump. Please.
Suck your elbow person hired to tweet for Bernie. #illsayanythingatthispoint
Like stop whining about the American media? What a SNOWFLAKE!!!!!
How is that FIB investigation thingy going? Your thieving wife might need help.
1. Stay awake
2. Pay attention
3. Don't embarrass the nation

Steeeeeee-rike THREE!!! He's outta' there!
He'll be too busy being careless with classified information
I mean he just can't wait to tell Putin a couple of secrets to show off what he knows. Don't worry though, no American press allowed!
Shouldn't you be baking cakes for your wife to hide files in?
BERNE U R NOT PRESIDENT. SO STOP TRYING TO PRETEND YOU HAVE ANY SAY IN IT..U R A CRIMINAL
You are not the President, you don't get to tell other people what the agenda is, worry about yourself, aren't you+wife under investigation?
Unverified claims of collusion should not be on that list.
But theu wont be
Who cares what you think Bernie. Tend to your scandals.
Jail for you wood carving and email bleaching
Go away socialist
alas he will spend the time doing "poor me, the media is so mean" instead of the issues
Bernie, ur socialist brain is starting to fail u.  It is clear to us.  Can u just retire to one of ur 3 multi million dollar mansions?
Bernie, I love you, but go back to being a Senator. Stop riding the DNC for money. You are harming America.
I'm interested by what you mean by riding the dnc for money?
Money.
Let me rephrase. What actions(s) by @SenSanders are you interpreting as "riding the dnc for money"
Running for President as a Democrat when he is an Independent. Using DNC resources. Any of that ring a bell?
Sanders caucuses with the democrats, supports local democratic candidates, and campaigns for democratic issues.
Yeah, things like 1-BioWarming #Menopause, 2- The Truth About the Titanic #Truther, and 3- why Game Of Thrones isn't back yet #NotMyHBO
The first one is booking a hotel room. ..
#1 @BernieSanders bank fraud #2 Bernie's wife's bank fraud #3 Having @FBI investigate @CNN blackmailing &violating a citizen's 1st amendment
Free stuff, equity and more free stuff!!! Sit down commie. Just go retire in one of your 3 houses already.
Is this Bernie the FRAUD guy? Hows that investigation going?
Somehow you missed ISIS.......
#StillSanders2020.  You always have our back, love you Bernie Sanders.
He's the president you're not. You won't even work with him. Don't tell him what he should do.
Except you're not prez. You let hacking #Hillary take the nomination so you should shut up and worry about your wife going to prison
Nice smile, are you going to welcome us to your parlor?
Reasonable points, for once. Still he could be effective by doing direct bi-partisan friendly dialogue instead of lashing out & alienating.
Awe that's sweet. You think Trump or anyone actually cares what you think. Your "If I were President rhetoric" is hilarious! Crazy Bernie!
G20?
Hmmmm, sounds like G7 and 13 participation medals.
Trump should not twit if he want to do something American first because twitter is not for America only but for grobal.
When he should quit? How he should announce it? And how to get it done as quickly as possible?
There is only one , kissing Putins a-- and planning for the next election, and Hotels, can't wait for Trumps version, how he made Putin beg
We finally have a courageous president who look after the benefits of the U.S. tax payers. What has Europe done for the U.S. in 70 years
You didn't win the oresidency, so, buttvout
Bernie I really don't think he needs your help  help your wife who lied to get money , ow really haven't heard you mention that
You get to set the agenda when you get elected. Until then....
PresidentTrump count with RIGHT political position  from elections time expressedFOREIGN policy in that LOGIC not foolishness&arrogance lead
Have you asked any of the protestors to shoot at anyone again?
Don't hold your breath Bernie... we are talking about the #IdiotInChief !
I am simply not impressed by anything Mr. Ronald Dump does.
First impressions last a long time.
Europeans are happy as long as the U.S. spends a lot of $ to defend them and imports their goods. Greedy bastards!
Are you still frustraded and crying like a baby ?
Your too insignificant to bring up in the agenda.
Poor Bernie, the one-trick pony.  Without a few thousand kids hoping to be free from school debts behind him on stage he seems so vacuous.
you're out if your mind with 1) & 3). But credit where it is due, well said on 2). G20 is about communication, but not socialism
In a MULTI-POLAR WORLD old Coldwar political stagnated positions areUNACCEPTABLEonly voicesIMPORTANT are those for STABILITY PEACE&PROGRESS
... and not a single one will be.
As a senator, no one cares what you think. You rep VT, that's all, thank God.
I don't think that I would take financial advice from anyone Sanders in their name. 
Free college for the world? Free health care for the world and free poverty for the world give it away Bernie
Yes and one should be what your wife did with the millions
sit down, you lost.
Beer, brats, and schnapps ?
1)no socialism 2)no communism. Only 2.
Bank Fraud
Old draft dodger,sign carrying ,experienced free loader Sanders with all the answers to everything,but, the solution to absolutely nothing.
Bernie 2020?
Bank fraud?
Maybe when you are president you can set the agenda. Oh wait you never will be president. Lol
#1 should be to KEEP HIS ASS THERE AND NOT LET HIM BACK IN AMERICA!!! SEE HOW THE IMMIGRANTS FEEL. HIS TRASHY WIFE IS AN IMMIGRANT!!
He is the President, he knows his agenda, not u Sen. BS
@SenSanders -You lost your Presidential run because of collusion between Hillary and the DNC! We voted Trump in for OUR AGENDA!! YOU LOST 
1. Closing our boarders
2. Getting the "trash" ppl like yourself, out of here
3. Extradite BHO back to U.S to face treason charges
Curious to get your opinion if the president has done anything right so far?
America under Barrack Obama, meddled in Nigerian election in 2015, God paid them back in their coin through Russia, so no complain...
Don't you think you should have discussed this when he was in his office 
Bernie u need to be quite. No pne really cares what u think LOSER
..investigating your wife. I hope they don't take your 3 million dollar taxpayer funded houses that you some how think you need.
Worry about your own job Bernie
Some good points Bernie.  You don't sound like a lunatic or anything! 
He has no agenda....frightening
How the hell was Ivanka allowed to sit in for him?
He might want to start small and work on learning to shake hands first. Just saying we might be putting the cart before the horse.

Hilarious that you want Trump to be such an advocate when you supported Obama capitulating regularly in foreign policy.
1) No one wants global wealth redistribution
You actually have an iq lower than a fish bowl. Wow
Try graduating high school before you try to insult someone's intelligence.
the tree items that need to be done is INVESTIGATE BERNIE/INVESTIGATE HIS WIFE/INVESTIGATE MISSING CAMPAIGN FUNDS. &SANDERS SOURCE OF INCOME
It doesn't matter what SHOULD be there. The three items that will be are How can I benefit  @realDonaldTrump ? Repeat two more times
My picks for the 3 are: 1 Firing himself. 2 Disbanding NATO because there is no Cold War (which is why it was created). 3 See a Psychiatrist
Yes the FBI investigation of you & your wife should be at the top of the list. #BankFraudBernie #sneakysanders #mrandmrshypocrite #LockHimUp
It will be all about who gives the strongest, most humiliating handshake.
So @realDonaldTrump flattered you enough that you think he cares that you betrayed the Democratic party.
Sanctioning commie china & India over exporting their poverty, taking over Arab charities to stop funding jihadists, Europe send arabs home.
The silent majority voted for an outsider. Sick of professional politicians trying to keep everyone bickering in order to keep their jobs.
He doesn't have a clue what you are talking about
MR Bern you are my hero. I urge you to adopt a more flatfooted stance. No more Mr Nice Guy Sir. Call it!!
Take a nap Bern
Getting a new barber, and two other things.
You forgot the most crucial item, learn what an agenda is!
Mind your own business looney toon.
None of your business Bernie! All you are is a glorified Tweeter now! You lost all your credibility!
1. Himself 2. Putin 3. Himself and Putin. That is about it.
Your wife's investigation? That's 1!
I think you have other problems you should be worried about bub.
Please retire!
Being socialist that you are can't you just call Putin yourself
Gee, good thing you're here.
Nothing that the Democrats know!
Says the guy under investigation for bank fraud.
1 Bernie, 2 Mrs Bernie 3 Bank Fraud
His items are: him, him, and him
1 end the flood of refugees 2 end the flood of refugees 3 end the flood of refugees
If you were pres, you could set agenda, but you are not.
Golfing, more Golfing and more Golfing!!!
You tell him, Bernie. Like Trump gives a shit what you think.
1) #AWANBROTHERS.  2) #USAID.  3) #CROWDSTRIKE.  
THATS JUST THE 1%, I HAVE MORE!
Kinda like your 3 houses?
Away an shite! U know the score ya ratbag.
Bernie is as bad as http://Trump.Talk ,talk,talk,ideas, ideas,ideas-no action/ results.Aconstant drain on the Dem party.RETIRE already.
Careful Bernie, you may need him to pardon Jane.
2) job
Thought you might be requesting a presidential pardon for Jane.
Absolutely baffled that a woman who has shown 2 b incredibly intelligent continues 2 RT this mental midget...disappointing
If only Trump would follow your advice.
You lost senator now help the winner, our President
He's potus I'm sure he has it covered
1. Make Sure Bernie and his wife are arrested
2. Make sure Hillary is arrested
3. Have CNN go bankrupt on views
Russia did not have much of an impact if any on the election.  Hillary is unelectable.
Maybe if you were President, those would be your top 3 agenda items....but you're not. #MAGA
You're just jealous because Putin failed to help you beat Hillary.
I say he should 1st learn how 2 read & write the english language. Learn mannerisms & decency. Pay for & start from Middle, HS. then College
Thanks for the tip, Mr. Irrelevant....
1) Nut
