False.
prove it
"Rights" exist without external forces. Something can not be made a "right". Either the "right" exists on its own or not at all.
I believe the civil rights movement of the 1960s would like to have a word with you
The point of the civil rights movement was to put an end to people's rights being violated, not to give them rights.
OK cool I hope you never break your neck then, that's a solid quarter million if your insurance decides not to pay, but nice principles
Also, healthcare wouldn't be so expensive if government didn't create so much legislation and regulation that reduces competition.
Who do you expect to protect you as a healthcare consumer, if not the government? the insurance companies? The invisible hand?

No really…
Who is paying for it @SenSanders ? You, the Senate and congress have us 20 trillion in debt. The hard working tax payer is taxed enough.
it certainly wont be paid for by income tax, so don't worry about having to foot the bill, unless you run a private health insurance company
Health insurance companies are going broke now that's why Obama care is failing. Nothing the Gov. does is efficient. Who is paying the bill?
the government does a lot of things efficiently. From delivering your mail to protecting our borders, or do you hate our troops/mailcarriers
You my friend need to get yourself better informed before making yourself look folish.
Folish?
Foolish but you know what I meant to type. Just like spell check works when you don't need it and no where to be found when you need it
I loved the irony of calling someone foolish when you can't spell lol
This shouldn't be controversial. Everyone in this nation deserves to be able to afford healthcare.
True. Which is why government should stay out of it.
You'd honestly rather private companies making a profit off of your healthcare?
Yes. Because they will be forced to compete for my business.
And that's why US healthcare is consistently the most expensive overall, w/resulting benefits to health/life in the bottom of the 1st World.
Why compare to other countries? We have the BEST services and also the most unhealthy population. That's why it is high, not competition.
They're the best if you're wealthy. Poor people can't afford what our hospitals can provide.
Right, so poor people go to the hospital, can't pay and it's swallowed by who? The hospital, then they raise prices and so insurance goes up
Wrong. Rights are something you can't deprive someone of, not something that must be provided.
Thank you Bernie...Another vote to repeal healthcare is being organized. Millions will be dropped. Contact your senators!
If you can somehow convince all medical personnel as well as the pharma to work for free then yes. Go do that, I'll be waiting.
Not at the cost of loosing another presidential election.
But in order to receive health care you need the service of someone. Are you saying we have the right to someone else's service?
That's absurd line of "reasoning." Are you advocating for drs to limit their public service skills to only privleged, w\ equal compensation?
Agree but Medicare for all not affordable. We need to expand Fed Emplyee plan U have where competition is alive and well.
Ok but there are lots of questions, like what happens to the 100s of thousands of ppl who currently work for insurers?
Whenever you are ready to get serious, take it to @realDonaldTrump
Thank you Bernie for standing up for the average citizen.

The 1st step in healthcare needs to be peeps caring for their own health rather than relying medical system. Proper diet/excercise too rare
I'm on the same page with you.  It would be cheaper if we focused on healthcare and not aesthetics of our hospitals. Focus on necessities.

I'm all for healthcare for all thru Medicare and Medicaid
***affordable healthcare
Thank you Senator! Keep fighting until passed! CO appreciated ur support last year of Amendment 69! America is dying & needs #Medicare4All
NOPE!  Hypocrisy!  You aren't giving us rights, you are taking them!
Have U read the Emergency Medical Treatment & Active Labor Act? Federal Law since 1986.Mandates healthcare 2 all who present 2 a hospital ER
If that's true, why not propose an amendment to the US constitution?
right,  if you believe you can ever get this done you, It won't happen, insurance  lobbyist buying GOP politicians will end it,
Will hospital MDs be restricted by Mcare if they go into private practice, as they currentlly can?
If healthcare is a right, will med school tuition be subsidized or forgiven?
Will private MDs get equal payment as hospital MDs?
Idiot
Yeah Bernie it must have been missed in the Constitution. By the way estimates are health care cost would equal $.23 sales tax on everything
We must frame this debate in terms of $ truth will win the day kill them with data and facts !
If you want to shake up the system, try reducing or eliminating corruption. The impact will greater. Work on information manipulation...
Who pays for it? How will you make up for all the retirement plans destroyed?
If you want healthcare to be a right, have the guts to change the constitution. Otherwise, stop inventing rights.
Healthcare as a right does not mean that everyone will receive equal standard of care. Senators won't allow that...
Proper nutrition is critical o good health but healthcare is a right, while food is not...
A patient is being belligerent but they are sick and healthcare is a right, so....
Can we also address the elephant with the gold chain, in the room. Medical and pharmaceutical costs are outrageous and criminal!
As someone who enjoys the coverage in Canada, I sincerely hope you and the others succeed in this. Also make it unchangeable by POTUS
@SenSanders exactly!!
Bravo
Tell that to the elite Bernie and the Mayo Clinic. Social med is forced on people in other parts of world 
It would have been amazing had you worked with Hillary on this, instead you took the low road and helped trump get elected.
Tort reform is a must.
Does this mean that healthcare workers and institutions become employees of the govt?  How does this work?
Loved it in Canada for a long time
When YOU AND your crocks in Washinton SUBSCRIBE to my health care plan, I will support your SOCIALIST IDEOLOGY.  YOU'RE NUTS DUDE.
As a woman with a chronic illness, I shouldn't have to fight with my insurance to cover a prescription I'll have to take the rest of my life
Only an old socialist nut job who has never worked in the private sector would spout such nonsense.
Show us in the constitution where that is written jackoff
Let's se you sign up for the same Obamacare that you forced others onto if you want to be taken seriously.
Who's paying for this glorious plan?
Agreed. Also please consider becoming a real democrat. I donate to the party and it irks me that you have no commitment  at all.
What about this 'purple plan' idea that I've been reading about https://purpleplans.org 
It already is; You have the "right" to go out and buy healthcare.....
Mind blown
This plan sounds great but the odds that the republican congress will approve is slim to none
Health insurance lobby prevents all. They control everything. Prices, services, politicians. Until. They are gone the people have no voice.
This 100%.  I'm not American but this is where it starts.  The few control the many and don't have to worry one bit about insurance.
Bernie @sensanders expects the middle class to pay for this. This will divide the country even more...why should my taxes go to help someone
Who is going to pay for it Bernie..?
How about food? Clothing? Shelter? Transportation? Employment? Entertainment? Where does making goods and services into rights end for you?
Devil's advocate: How many Dems are suckling the pharma teat? We know 100% of @GOP are. That will hinder any progress to single payer end.
be careful how you do it the NHS is in crisis here in the UK. to many managers getting paid 3 times more than a nurse for not doing much.
don't tell us, tell john tester
Details will be important. But this could help patients, hospitals, and businesses
I don't get why the US can't figure this out. Canada has had "free" healthcare forever. we pay more in taxes but it's worth it.
Maybe tackle root cause, i.e. inflated cost, before symptom, i.e. I can't afford the high cost. Huge difference sir.
Free accessible Healthcare surely must be acknowledged as a basic human need of life , like water , food , shelter &  warmth
As Maslow pointed out
I'll agree healthcare is a right. Then the GOP will argue that the Medical Insurance Industry's ability to make a profit is also a right.
How are you gonna pay for it?
With your money.
If the #military can do it, everyone else can, too.
So your proposition is that Medical Care is a right and should be free? I want my free guns, because that is a "Right" under 2nd amendment
Shut up
Firearms are a right written in the constitution. Constitutional carry for all before some bullshit socialist agenda
Health insurance has nothing to do with health care.
You are NOT a Democrat and you ARE dividing the party,YOU ARE NOT A DEMOCRAT, YOU ARE NOT A DEMOCRAT,YOU ARE A DIVIDER !
2nd Amendment doesn't entitle me to guns at the taxpayers expense, 1st doesn't ensure a platform. The Gov paying doesn't make a "right".
Good luck Senator Sanders ! It's and idea worth reaching for !!
STAND UP AGAINST ABORTION FIRST THEN TALK ABOUT 'RIGHT TO LIVE'....
Why don't you guys and gals fix Social Security before you crash Medicare?
Naw they have enough energy and time to destroy both at the same time.
Another socialist Jew trying to give people free healthcare!
Why does govt keep subsidizing new hospitals that are 80% VACANT? It's getting to be like a Walgreens ON EVERY CORNER
Good job senator Bernie you may geter done!
you fight for it and our president seems wanting to go backward in france what a world
You still do not know what you are talking about.
It's my right to buy what ever I want when I want! It's not Gov right to make me buy anything!
nobody buys Medicare.
Bull$hit! It's called taxes! If you work you pay into it! And if everyone in it then that will go sky high!
Nothing is for free! 
Just like Americans Freedom, Ppl like my family an millions more pay that price!
Fair and just for all. We are one, too big to fail...
Thank you for all your hard work on this. It means a lot.
Go live in Venezuela where riots are rampant and there are no medical supplies and hospitals are overwhelmed.
Tell that the Republicans . 
Bernie, what about our lack of primary providers? How will healthcare system hold up under major influx of visits?
Drive that stock price down I want to buy in!!!
Wrong
No one has the "right" to someone else's service you shouldn't live in America if you believe this
Free WIFI is a right. Makes a society open & informed. Free food is a right.  Keeps us full & energetic. Socialism is a Ponzi scheme. #MAGA
You don't have the right to anybody's services. That would be called indentured servitude
Having the choice to refuse a good or service should be a right not a privilege
Our rights protect us from the government not enslave us to it.
How will you pay for this?
HEALTH CARE should be A SERVICE TO AMERICANS NOT A BUSINESS TO MAKE MONEY OFF US! UTTERLY DISGUSTING!!!
Then It's really easy. Just have Putin fax over their plan, and it 'll. save a he'll of a lot of time.
Being a dreamer at 18 is naïveté. At 70 it is STUPIDITY or SENILITY. You choose, none is good. Reality is the inexorable judge. #MAGA
Bernie, How does it compare with Russia's healthcare plan in Russia. Is there any equality between the two plans. Planning ahead.
No.
Mandated and regulated with negligence strictly punished, preferably single payer, medical coverage should be a right. #HealthCareForAll
Wow Sinisterbabe you sound like you know what you're talking about! I'm guessing your idol is Karl Marx? Or maybe Stalin or Castro?
Bernie, thank you for letting democrats show their true inner Marxist.
Sorry, not Medicare for all. I want the SAME PLAN AS YOU!
I lived under a government run health care system in Italy. When you ration care; it is the poor, sick, and elderly who suffer the most.
Not in Constitution,  sorry Bern.  Great for us!!!
Unlike freedom of speech, this means you are forcing someone to work for others (i.e. doctors). Someone's 'rights' shouldn't demand others.
If Bernie (and the left) was honest he would be arguing that health care should be a public utility/service.
Trying to argue that it is a right won't convince those of us who value logic over ideology.
Healthcare is a commodity. Doctors provide a service. Socialism is bad bad news.
Good luck and if you fail, please go away! We're giving you too many chances. Either you can or go away! Thanks!
No, Health Care laws should help business, but giving them a break and allowing for a single payer system-see what I did there?
.......and patients have right to unrestricted free market choices in health care while keeping Govt out of health care decisions. @WaydeDe
But it's not. No matter how much you huff and puff
Healthcare is a crony capitalism at its worse.
Nope.
Focus Bernie Focus. You will get paid in due time.
Good send all of ur money to Govt?
Our leaders promised to care of us and listen to our voice. Thank you for taking the initiative to solve one of our greatest concerns.
Poor baby snowflakes
You don't understand economics. Shhhhh
If #TugginTed Cruz keeps wanking so much, he'll support Medicare for all when his little man Peter falls off and he goes blind.
Corporate America won't have it. If there's no money in it they won't allow it. Reform the government first.
Weak, old and feeble Bernie is trying to be high energy today. He will need his afternoon nap soon
#MedicareForAll covers #Dental.
Bernie shouldn't you be worried about your bank fraud investigation? Or maintaining your 3 houses? #norefunds
And a dual system is the solution. #HealthCare
Where do you see the GOV authority to do that in the Constitution Senator Crackhead?
So does that mean I get free guns?
Ya blew it.
You need to go away!
We get it already
I WILL GET IT DONE... in my first 10 days in office --
Leave Hillary alone, you sexist bully!
Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the first responders to the Great State of Alabama.
