We have to educate people on what Medicaid covers.  Appeal to GOP voters - 80% of medicaid budget covers nursing homes. Can u afford 7K/mo?
GOP voters think Medicaid = healthcare for minorities.They have NO IDEA how they are screwing their families over.Please EDUCATE on details!
That's what I mean.  GOP voters would be happy to take away healthcare from the poor because they think poor = minority.
You're so misled man.  Half the world has universal healthcare, but Reagan convinced you that you're better if you don't.  You fell for it.
There are a number of agencies that take care of medical care for special needs children at no cost.
https://unitedforimpact.org/ways-to-engage/volunteer-companies/365-days-of-caring …
If checking it out to find facts is too much for you, then your lose. Possibly someone that just wants handout, instead of a real need?
Why are you on medicaid?
People are not entitled to other people's earnings.
What it mean when the Goverment is in charge of healthcare. This is a real #Cuban hospital.
Medicaid helps the disabled and the elderly. Who is going to pay for their loved ones who need to go into nursing homes?
Medicaid yes. Socialize medicine as Bernie wants to impose does nothing for the country no for the people.
He is talking about Medicaid.
He may be talking about Medicaid here but that is not his goal.
Well ok. That seems very unlikely though. This Medicaid cut can't happen. Hopefully right or left, everyone can agree it's wrong.
Tell that to the people abusing the system.
Problem solved! Gee, no one knew Medicaid was this easy.
The blood of innocent children and elderly will be on the hands of Republicans and Corporate Democrats in Congress and the Executive Branch.
Do you see how many health insurers are pulling out of Obamacare? The big one Aetna, they said they pulling out state by state. Beware...
Then the insurance companies should be slapped with fines. Doesn't mean people with pre existing conditions should get screwed.
The problem is they are losing money. Fines will not help. Companies are in it to make money, when they don't they in this case they leave.
They aren't losing $. Trust me. I've worked in healthcare for 20 years. They're profiting and their lobbyists are powerful.
And Medicaid is for the elderly who need nursing home care but cannot afford it.  So what is your point Tori?
Trump just talks...he has no idea what's going on with policy.
Aren't you the same guy who said LeBron never would win a championship, let alone 3 finals MVPs?
People,People, the United States of America IS a Judeo-Christian country-how can Children,the Disabled,the Elderly Be Treated like this??!
Trump did NOT defend the country during Vietnam,he partied& had a good time,while 50,000 plus soldiers died4 their country! He did NOT defen
And insurance pays for 1800. of my 6500. bill. I would have done better to save my money instead of paying for a ins. plan. The average
104 Doctors? 17 surgerys? Seems some people are at least getting health care. I have insurance, have had it since way before Obamacare,
They say they're good Christian men; however their actions say otherwise, leaving those who are struggling to endure further hardship.
Keep fightin!
He's a socialist with 3 houses paid for by your tax dollars and he has no legislative accomplishments to show for it.  Learn to be a voter.
Trump is a clown unworthy of respect. He has zero integrity and only fools defend him. To support Trump = unpatriotic or just plain ignorant
Just to have the extra worry that this causes a family is a burden that shouldn't have to be endured.
That's life, thru good times and bad.  Own it!
Unfortunately, voters shld blame themselves 4this handing republicans presidency, house & senate, voting against own interests
when the hell are you people going to actually blame the people who /did/ vote for him?
Berries needs to investigate why he lost primary to Hillary. #SetUp #cnnDebbieShultzDncHillaryRigged
They are Evil and they will be burning in Hell.
It is dispicable and unacceptable. The government is supposed to help the people, not make their life worse
Wow...with sentiments like that, no wonder we have sycophants.
Its a pretty commonly held belief that the goverment should represent the interests of the people. Not sure that makes me a bootlicker...
You are misinformed, brainwashed.  Re examine American principles in the Constitution
Misinformed about what?
Then you are not aware.  Just "feeling" your way without principles, etc.
My principles may be difrnt from yours, but I have them. Maybe you believe gvrnmnt should play a limited role? What role shld they serve?
U lie 2 the Am. people purposely 4 an agenda and so disappointed in U and the majority of the Dems as a whole. Will never vote Dem again!
Trump, Ryan and the GOP just doesn't give a damn about anybody unless they're rich, don't get me started about black people!!
and who cares? Please tell me a senior who cannot afford healthcare any longer and takes care of her family no one cares
My medicationj is 7K a month. My income is 1247 a month. I'm on a Medicaid home based care program. This change means I die.
TERM LIMITS FLAT TAXES 1 ASSISTANT TO A SENATOR
Bernie get over it you didn't win! You keep playing the same video clip over and over I think we kind of got it by now. Enjoy 4th
Stay the course, and keep fighting the good fight Sen. Sanders!
Bernie, you have made millions of the working people, why don't YOU share some of YOUR own money with those in true need?
Trotting out the sad stories huh? Let's be realistic. The only way to cover every single sad story is some kind of  (single payer = Theft)
Please explain how single payer = theft?
It's very simple. Every dollar that is taken by taxation is theft. It is taken by force. Some taxation I consider necessary. Not Healthcare.
Since I lost 401k & don't have time to earn that $ back, before I retire, I am grateful for SSA. GOP will give tax breaks to rich & cut SSA
Simply disgusting!!
Our government has never had a cabinet if such ill-intended, unqualified millionaires. Bad choices Donald
The average American is sick of the whining from libs..
Waiting for the day when everything but blonde hair and blue eyes is a pre-existing condition.
I remember a certain orange buffoon promising to not touch medicaid/medicare or social security. That promise lasted a whole 2 months
(Trumpcare started in March)
Nope it's still Obamacare...how dumb can you be?
The effort to pass trumpcare started in march. 
I know that it failed hilariously because even their own party members distanced themselves
how dumb can you be that I thought that?
Funny how you blame others for your failings...typical Liberal behavior.
How is trump not holding to his promises our failing?
Your logic falls further and further down the ladder with each statement you make
and who cares? Please tell me a senior who cannot afford healthcare any longer and takes care of her family no one cares
How can @realDonaldTrump sleep at night? This breaks my heart. How could anyone defend trumps actions? You are a great man senator Sanders
Seth Rich was a huge Bernie Sanders supporter who died helping you seek justice. Yet, you ignore him & all your supporters in #DNCLawsuit?
You won't talk about Seth Rich & DNC lawsuit because you are a complete phony. You cover it all up like the rest of establishment media.
He's a phony because he doesn't talk about what you want him to talk about? What is it that you think Bernie can do about Seth Rich?
People who truly qualify should get it, not EVERYONE who is getting it should. That's just like you though to push these stories.
listen, drunken unemployed fat white man posing as a lion on twitter, you have to be below the poverty line to get it. idk how else to qual.
Shhhh....go back to your basement!!
you farted me out. maybe in a few hours.
that response is for sure a sanders supporter response.
& cutting fundS to the CDC& Cancer research- infrastructure- WTF!!! #REJECT
Here's an idea.....GET A JOB and take care of yourself.  And get your hands out of my pockets! I work HARD every day to take care of myself.
These cuts would be devastating for many of the children we care for at the children's hospital where I work.
They truley have no morals or compasion fr the less fortunate in r country. Hope all the less fortunate show tr disapproval at the poles .
Trump is too incompetent to have his own #Trumpcare bill. This is #Republicare - they own this dumpster fire.
Bernie talking about single payer is enough. You  need to show with actual numbers how public would benefit from it. If want I can show you.
The only thing I read about was cutting cost & lowering taxes. Allocation probably.
Not really, they are looking to control the rate that it increases. Bernie would never tell the truth about it.
Trump's promises are as empty as his soul
stop with the chicken littlecbullshit the sky is falling you sissy communist
20 Trillion in debt. 1 Trillion budget deficit. Greece economy collapsed at 125% GDP to debt ratio. America is at 105%
Everything for the 1%. Who knew? Lol
If you include AHCA it's over 1.6 trillion being cut
Bull.
How does this concern you
It would be a disaster for many humans.
Contrary to what you say, those on welfare do NOT have an unlimited claim on my money, no matter what their level of need is.
Disabled adults exist and are in danger of dying without Medicaid. Ever think of talking to us instead of just the parents of disabled kids?
I mean, in case you forgot that disabled kids grow up into disabled adults, and that disabled adults also vote.
When you focus on the parents of disabled children, it suggests you don't care about disabled adults, or our disabilities are our faults.
Since that would be ludicrous and cruel, to say the least, how about reaching out to disabled adults about our fears for our own lives?
Nothing about us without us. Disabled activists have been saying this for years. Learn about us, Senator. We matter.
Country is now broke, 20 trillion in debt thanks to obama, who should be paying for all this free crap?? Gotta start cutting sometime soon
Evil
My lord..
Sickening
It's not a cut stop spinning the facts. not increasing is not a cut. Amazed that u bowed 2 Hillary but think ur so all high and mighty now.
Let this idiot hang himself so he can get Impeached or get forced to step down. No Pence either  #AmerikkkanMonsters
Go Bernie. Fight for the ones who can't fight for themselves. America needs your help.
Thank you, Bernie!
This is beyond sickening and disgusting. I'm Canadian tho not the best I don't worry about these things. I'm so sorry u have Trump.
WRONG,there is no cut propagandist!!
God bless you Mr. Sanders, for continuing to fight for what is fair and morally right in these dark times. We need more Senators like you. 
The Republicans DO NOT CARE. It is their belief that those people should suffer & die if they cannot pay 100% out of their own pocket.#2018
People in government have forgotten why they are there. You all are in service to the people. Take the party war flags down and do your jobs
This is crazy!
Hopefully it will get rid of freeloaders.
Wrong Bern! LYAR! Political retroact! How's the investigation into your wife's bank fraud going! Were you involvedDid you try to cover it up
FREEE MONEYY!! FREE MOENY PLEASE!! HOW DARE TRUMP NOT GIVE US OUR FREE MONEY!! #GiveUsFreeMoney
Bill Clinton cut welfare

Obama cut 8 BILLION dollars from food stamps

Information on this http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8083392/1/#new …
Hey berninghell,you are not going to scare any body any more,talk about where are you getting the money for free college for everyone !!!
Probably by printing the money in hillary basement where she hide the server with the clasified emails!!
800 billion!!!
The fallout will be horrible...
Trump's war on rust belt workers will come back to haunt him in Nov. 2018.
TRUMP DOESN'T CARE ABOUT POOR, SICK PEOPLE
Why not a gasoline tax to get that?
Why wouldn't the democrats demand healthcare same as Congress people to all? And cooperate with the President on this?
Did everyone miss the word plan? It won't happen as plan suggests. Both parties must agree then to goes to President.
The president doesn't sign for his own impeachment. Girl, you dumb.
Republicans present bill,  passed by vote. Senate can make changes, Goes to committee for reconcilation then to President for veto or
To be signed into law. They used to teach these things in High School. Now nothing but personal integrity tells people how the system works.
You don't know what your talking about. Impeachment isn't passed like a normal bill.
Please help!! We are extremely frightened about future!! #disabled#medicaid#medicare#seniors
As someone who sees waste daily in Medicaid...I'm ok with this.
We are family with severely disabled adult #medicaid gives home nursing! tRump is destroying us!! 
It's crazy just many people will die and how little they care...
Shame on them...and watch this country slide down to become a third world country in a hurry !!!
Why do DEMS continue to vomit lies. Why do DEMS want to keep people on entitlements? States sld have control of their fed monies
ARIANA GRANDE = Vegan Diet = Against ANIMAL Terrorism = https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8UBUvZjXNk …  :(*  RIP to all victims of all violence!
What's wrong with these DEMS freaked show your power the COUNTRY IS BEHIND YOU
Trump:  typical bully - picks on weakest Americans who can't fight back
Travesty
Maybe that's what the Republicans want, to kill half humanity, according to them living off of their money. God forbid they should help!
This is great. Please also speak to disabled people not just the parents of <3
Yaaas!! That kind of drives me a little nuts.
Yeah, I totally appreciate that he is including disability in this conversation, but yeah. Ask disabled adults on medicaid how they feel!
& if he doesn't know where to find disabled adults on medicaid to ask, post in #CripTheVote plenty of them there.
Or hell, ask me. I'll tag some peoples. Free of charge lol ;)
Go back to Vt!!!!
Time to cut the cord free ride is over.
Maybe if you contested election fraud that stole the election from you we wouldn't have trump
Here's an idea, let all have the same health care plan you have. How about that BS?
The freeloaders on Medicaid will still have it better then the rest of us .THE CUTS AS YOU CALL THEM ARE NOT CUTS AT ALL .
Maybe having these children dead is what the Republicans want. "They had better do it and decrease the surplus population." Ebenezer Scrooge
Riddle me this Illinois has been democratic for years yet it's falling apart is that @realDonaldTrump fault?
Alabama has been Republican for years!!Have you seen our headlines? We're near the bottom in most categories
It means death for too many people!!
Bernie sanders is a hypocrite he took what they gave him and ran. They cheated him and he now wants to be spoke person for the needy
Bernie, like always you're out of tune.
Call Republicans house and Senate and tell them they will never be elected again.
 Greedy unethical!
Just like Obama did. He cut out my wife's policy and doubled our premium you hypocrites
I still don't understand WHY he is still in office. Can we send Monica Lewinsky in undercover? That's all it took for Clinton. 
Nothing is free, get a job or leave the country if you are under 60 years of age. Medicare/card should be for 100% US disabled and seniors.
Wrong again
Maybe should fund healthy well fed educated citizens through defense spending It IS a matter of National Security! #onceGOP gives $ to them
ALL government employees MUST CARRY SAME INSURANCE that they want American people to have + SAME COST!
President AND Congress...no high cost specialist for any of them!
Psycho's world=slow death to all that are not wealthy=they are just waste products
patient population that have their long term Medicaid benefits  cut so they can stay at home with care in place has been devastating
My goodness Republicans love Trump " America first " amazing rhetoric !
Isn't that because they're working on their own healthcare? So much to reform.
Trump doesn't get along with his own Republicans
Thank you Bernie..for continuing to fight the hard fight...
#PandasForJustice  @BernieSanders #SethRichzGhostdog
The government has to get out of the business of health care
Yet the people that the cuts will hurt the most still support him they are putting the noose around their own necks!
When we stand together 4 our sick&disadvantaged,that's when the 1%,Freedom Caucus,Trump&Ryan will stop taking from all of us
Medicaid is a bottomless money pit we just keep throwing money into and it is so abused.  Medicaid cards are passed around person to person.
Please stop them!
$800 Billions  where has the money been going into that we don't have good medicare,the tax payers  pocket,account of Bernie all thief's
DJT budget cuts,he has no understanding"just getting by"or"going under",it's how American's live!Freedom Caucus&DJT don't care!
I've a pre-existing condition;asthma; & Medi-Cal expansion helped w giving me the preventative care that otherwise could'nt get.
If a family has Medicaid today and lose it under TrumpCare-- if someone dies, can we sue the lawmakers for #WrongfulDeath?
Truly a sad time to be a common citizen. I can't imagine the suffering that will come from this.  God help us all.
How many GOP have shares in the funeral service industry?
Why do people vote Republican if your poor!
WHENS THE NEXT MARCH LETS SHUT IT DOWN!!
#DNC you have only yourselves to blame for this one no one else. #RussiaHysteria is your second biggest mistake. 

Do right by your people
I would think that this would hit most of his base?? Fireworks will go off....
Tired of them terrorizing poor, elderly, mentally ill, children, and disabled. #TheRepublicans are a terrorist death cult
SAD
The fight for true human values continues. Trump and repubs are wrong and show little or no respect for others
We need an impeachment ASAP! #howwillitakecareofmypatients #medicaidisamust
Trump SUCKS!
BS , you're so fake.
So un-American to deny healthcare to Americans both young and old. Love u Bernie.
D
It's appaling to cut back on health care. The level of civilization is linked to how you look after the sick and vulnerable as a society..
I truly hope RWers scream at their REPUBLICAN DEATH PANEL LEADERS! They're about to let you all die. SO 1% AND TRUMP CAN HAVE A TAX BREAK
"In the US, over 3M children have medically complex health conditions. 2M rely on #Medicaid for their health insurance." 2 out of 3 kids!
The Medicaid budget cuts are errily similar to choosing who deserved to live or die in past fascist regimes. Does DJT even realize this?
Because the only belief in making money for them self anyone else doesn't count
Lies lies there are millions without Ins. Now.
despite Obamas promise we got the ACA run by insurance company profiteers and no public option.
The people are fighting a two front war, one vs. a new and destructive health plan and the other vs Republicans moves to destroy Obama care
And foodstamps! To give tax cuts to the rich? Is there no compassion? Sad...
If you were President how would reduce the deficit?
This breaks my heart. I hope they will somehow manage for the care their son needs. People can be so cruel
Bernie, do u think this voting block tracks Twitter feeds? Just a thought...
$800B? You make $250K+Yr or more? Why Vote GOP? They benefit and protect the Top 1%. You Top 50%? Why do you Vote GOP? Really, WHY? Vote2018
@coton_luver If #GOP continues their 50 yr. gutting of U.S. #Prosperity
They'll implode their power for a century
#TheResistance
@val_demings @HillaryClinton pls get this out!
#ANTICHRIST
Medical should be and is state program. Should these programs be managed by federal government. Drain the swamp
Universal health care for all USA citizens is the solution. Wake up USA!
Amen to that
Amen to that Bernie
Medicaid is a joke it like having the industrial commission handling your medical needs
Prayers to #Manchester
No money for healthcare or education but we just gave millions away to a country so they can buy weapons.  Wake up America
People who have no heart it's OK because God always takes care of his children.
Another broken promise what will
It take for those who support him that he won on their backs only to enrich the wealthy!
The GOP feels if u NEED Medicaid, u dont have any use on EARTH.  NOW, do u all STILL think that both parties r the SAME?
Turning it over yo the states prerogative as it should be !
Just for the record, Democrats are the originators and champions of Medicaid as a moral response to the failings of a Capitalist economy.
This is just great and GOP WILL PULL IT OFF AND WE THE People WILL SUFFER
God Help All Of Us
What is Wrong With This person (trump) what is trying to do to the American People, This Is Beyond Greedy and he says he loves the people!!!
