Guys, be honest, both sides have subversive extremists. Neither of them have any right to use violence. https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jul/08/hamburg-counts-cost-two-nights-of-violence-looting-destruction …
Our societies have separate powers in which judges decide. No one can decide for them self what is legally right or wrong. Neither can you
Djeez. Hell no! But still, you can not take the law in your own hands. It is designed to serve and protect us all. Safeguard that privilege
Is this impeachable?  Yet?  Just asking for a friend?  And me.
lol the fact that you think this might be an impeachable offense proves that Bernie supports are the dumbest people on earth
How about not being able to spell supporters?
But I meant to say supports
Of course you did. That it makes nonsense of your post shouldn't matter. Infallibility is what counts, Varsity!
Don't talk shit on me talking son
The masses loved it
I'm Bernie Sanders, and I have no idea that antifa and blm are also violent bigots.  I'm Bernie Sanders, I hate nuance!
Nazis: "We want to kill you."
BLM: "Don't kill us."
AntiFa: "We're not going to let you kill them."
Yeah. No difference. #PunchNazis
Both showed up to fight. Both fought. One with tiki torches, one with urine filled bottles. Both are evil. Agreed, no difference.
protest. Peacefully. Antifa doesn't do peaceful. That's why they brought urine bottles and riot gear. And neither do Nazis. That's why THEY
brought riot gear. Both groups r WRONG. Both groups r enemies of 1st amd. If Antifa members really wanted to protect ppl, join the military.
Nazis don't qualify for 1st Amendment. My dad fought that war for me.  #PunchNazis
It is important for public figures to get the facts before speaking. Antifa was the cause of the violence.
Any fight takes 2. One group regardless of who HAD permit. Other came 4 a fight. In USA no one GUILTY until tried. Who R U to judge? God?
It takes two fucked up ideologies to make a riot.
Eight years of race baiting with the Obama admin. Didn't help
what is an alt left? there is no such thing , mr stupid president!
The violence was caused by your fellow communists Bernie, AntiFa / BLM who attacked first & threw bodily fluids @ ppl. Will u condemn?
Sigh @ Prez Bernie Sanders.  Wish you had won
When I heard him speak out immediately  against this crap,  I thought the same thing.  He has the balls to call it like it was,  not 45
It now has rumors of being a staged event. That's why Police couldn't arrest anyone.
The left never condemns violence from their side!
He's got a twisted view. He obviously saw something that none of the rest of us did. His world view on pretty much everything scares me.
Trump Is A Very Sick Individual Himself 
Bernie for prison 2017
Again you have it the wrong way. Sorry Bernie was for all the people you missed the mark.  Trump=thug life!
It is simple minded & ignorant 2 pretend U don't understand this msge 2 B fair,  good & bad on both sides, exasperated by radical grps.
Define White Supremacists? Who do they control or rule over? Has that requirement been met? No.
It takes two to tango!!
And if a kingdom be divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand. Mark 3:24
So BLM and Antifa who were armed were innocent in this scenario?
You're sticking up for Nazis that killed a woman protesting Nazis.
Bernie, WTH is wrong with you. There is no place for violence & it was from all sides.
No, it was caused by Natifa & BLM. Even though I don't believe in their beliefs, they were the only one legally there.
Projection is what everyone who calls someone else a racist is
Your LYING AGAIN BERNIE! There were bad actors on both sides. They both should be condemned for any violence. Quit spreading lies.
*You're, also you're sticking up for Nazis. Take a moment and allow that to sink in: you're defending Nazis who killed a woman protesting.
You're ignorant because you don't see through your hatred of Trump.  There was violence from both sides. Your support of Antifa proves it.
Both sides have been pretty violent. You can't just blame one and not the other.
And they were walking around with Tiki torches so come on now.
Sure Bernie.  And alt-left scumbags Antifa gets a hall pass for their repeated violence all over the country, right?
There is no land for hatred in the world.
This is reiteration of Hillary's labeling half of Americans as deplorable & redeemable.  Can't possibly B a citizen wanting history prsvd?
bingo
Thats garbage sir. A small militia of antifa protestors in armor with sticks and shields showed up for a fight.
Shown: Nazis with shields and riot gear. YOU sir are garbage.
Yeah so was antifa.
This sick racist in shields and sticks were fighting others as well in shields and sticks.. hmmm
Shown again: Proper response to Nazi ideology and fascism. Always.
President Trump's father was not in the KKK
You are just a hater and a sore loser
Well said Mr. Sanders! When we have a president that behaves in such a distasteful manner, we must wonder how our nation is viewed globally.
Read Nazi interview: http://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/nation-world/national/article167939222.html … “We killed six million Jews the last time,” he answered. “Eleven million is nothing.”
Scary stuff. These people have something seriously wrong with their head.
Empowering these losers is SO not a good idea. The President not denouncing them unequivocably is really unbelievable
If our Congress does not censure trump, they will be telling him that he can get away with anything!  Contact your Senators & Representative
Either you are brainless and blind or you in alliance with these hate mongers which is it Trump huh !?!
#TrumpGo
He woman was rascist she was against it so him pretty much saying it was all her fault is rude and not right
Don't forget the communists,socialists, blm, and antifa.
https://youtu.be/cmixFl8Sxfo  everyone should watch this. #youarebeingliedto #ThereIsSomethingBiggerBehindThis
Donald Trump, doesn't seem to have the morale fiber of the fundamental principles of the United States of America. Voiced that before he ran
--this man is not only exhibiting mental derangement, he is also dangerous. This is how Adolf Hitler started. Stop Trump bf it gets late.
There's a madman controlling the Whitehouse, deciding for America. We have to stay vigilant and be cautious bcoz--
Bernie. 
Bernie, the dems lost the election, go away and let President Trump do his job, yes he is doing great. God bless President Trump.
And the Alt-left stood peacefully by holding hands and giving out flowers......keep dreaming Bernie!
And who was fighting them?
I'm sorry Mr. President, but if it quacks like a duck...
Keep telling it like it is Bernie. And RUN AGAIN. RUN with Hillary this time & get both your voters. GET THAT NAZI A$$ out of the Whitehouse


We need to fight These Neo-Nazis by mocking and ridiculing them--Not physical violence.
HAVE YOU OR MEDIA CONDEMNED BLM? BLACK PANTHERS? LA RAZA? ALL THESE GROUPS ESPOUSE HATE TOO - WHY ARE LIBERALS SELECTIVE IN THEIR OUTRAGE?
Yup, just like their Divider-In-Chief incited ever since his campaigning rallies.
Exclusive Stonewall Jackson's Great-Great-Grandsons Call for Removal of Confederate Monuments http://ow.ly/MLQs30etZyW   fake rhetoric rallies
Read 18 US code 2331 part 5 b-i and ii it doesn't take a genius to figure it out
As of don the cons last news conference he clearly sides with the nazi groups, white supremacist, white nationalist.
Violence came from both sides. And trump spoke the truth. The whole thing was/is horrible.
The President did condemned that group, all groups you were not listening, I heard what he said and was against them.
Your goofy. You, personally, have created this idea that white people are ALL racist and owe minorities and illegals everything they wish.
Your words are so simple and straightforward. Why couldn't @POTUS45 say them and mean it? He's aligned w/ their hatred.
But what are the Left in the Democratic Party doing to counter the far-right?
The Pres. was pointing out that there's a difference between "bad" which he called the Nazis & "violent" he called ANTIFA @realDonaldTrump
@HeartofSword75 He slammed both sides, including the Neo-Nazis. Try again. #LookOneWay #StrikeTwo
Democrats are the KKK / Antifa. Same shit, different cloak. It's honestly like you liberals like this violence ... it's painfully disgusting
And by violent, unhinged, fascist ANTIFA.
Hey #BankFraudBernie, How's the FBI investigation going?
Gonna' be hangin' out with the FBI over summer break?
#ThirdWorldPolitician
Isn't something similar to not condemning the BLM movement during the Obama Administration?  It works both ways Bern Man.
So you are spending 99% of your time on 1% of the issue. Get back to work for the rest of us!

And ANTIFA had no blame when they came with bats, urine, and feces to use against those who disagreed with them? They are just as FASCIST.
We support Trump, you're just a democratic stooge Bernie who allowed himself to be screwed by your own party.
Plz explain about Republican baseball player again?  Still didn't buy your explaining of it in Left speak.
Antifa had a big part in that as well, you aren't doing anyone justice by conveniently leaving them out...
Neo-Nazis & KKK came armed with guns, clubs and flags. FBI needs to start arresting people based on video records. This was an act of war!
"Tweets ending in -B are from Bernie"
Yes and you all went to vote for Trump to keep HRC out !!
#Charlotteville
----------------

#ImpeachTrump 
#DonaldTrump is
Obama didn't condemn the actions of the rioters either. Did you put this much effort in when the Dallas officers were ambushed?
He's such an ignorant immature man, not to mention a HUGE disgrace to our country
According to D.C. McCallister, another Trump cheerleader, it was everyone's fault! D.C. tell that to Heather's parents dare you.
With assistance from 45 through his thoughts, words and deeds. The world can be a violent place
 No leader should instigate or condone
Love you Bernie!
@SenSanders knock it off you can't attack President Trump with such cheap facts and linking hate groups to him.
Ready to vote for you in 2020. We need a moral leader.
How can vote to person with such a hatful ideas like you bernie

What about the Alt Left who confronted them and had no permit to protest or gather in a public place. Hypocrisy
I wish you would have won Bernie, things wouldnt be as bad as they are now!
Next time if we get a centrist nominee, don't talk so much shit
And you are a dope who got taken to the goat rodeo and is still in denial...they are doing to Trump what they did to you...
Actually, as disgusting as they are it was peaceful until the Antifa LARPrs showed up. Denounce the Antifa, Bernie.
So you refuse to condemn Antifa who instigated some of the fighting, joined in on the rest.
Bern...... 
You & your commie brothers are directly at fault for the nazi party
Yes Bernie why did the government give a holes permits to have hate rally/Don't care about free speak not for rasist rally.
I don't recall the right side throwing  human feces, urine, bottles filled with concrete, & improvised chemical weapons in #Charlottesville
Are you going to run in 2020? I hope so.
So they even though we don't like them don't have a right to a peaceful assembly & address grievences So rights OK for you but not for them?
yep that's what trump said except he pointed out the truth that ANTIFA is violent and disgusting too.
Yes wereSOME Nazis-I disagree with them-BUT theyHave aRight-#freespeech -March had permission-Antifa DID NOT-they STARTED&CAUSED theViolence
Very ugly comment. You're part of problem!
Was a march by Patriots to Prevent THEIR HISTORY & Confederate Statues commemorating THEIR Ancestors being Destroyed-WERE NOT ALL NAZIS-FACT
Why don't you condemn  pres comments?
We see it, you see it, why can't Trump see it.  They hate your son-in-law because he is a jew. WAKE UP POTUS.
Get up to speed, Senator. It"s being reported that Obama operatives set the whole thing up. Just another Big Fake deepstate scam. Try Again!
Actually the violence was created by antifa anti protests.  Can democrats do nothing but lie when trying to fit a narrative?

Didn't we go through a large civil rights movement to put an end to all this?
you just don't have the guts to admit BLM is a dangerous group
why should we condemn only the white people when BLM is a violent group that destroys places
actually it was caused by the alt-left who attacked the white supremacist...
#trumpisorange
3 more years of glory!!!! Goooo Trump!!!!
trump is encouraging new-nazis and white supremists as he likes them.  how do we get our country back?
Put real hair (black) on his head and a small black moustache & who do you have? Right! (Alt)
Supremacism is not only racism, it is the incentive to impose war as a business and administrators as governments.
It feels oddly like he wants a war on our land. Why else would #Trump defend the neo nazi demonstrators.
So what happens if a memorial to ML King Jr gets disbanded?
Wrong, Bernie is such a stupid old man, he wasn't even their to see what happened, retirement home bound Please
POTUS is now the unofficial leader of the alt right.
And which group, @POTUS, was armed with assault weapons and clubs?
Hey @realDonaldTrump the "Alt Left" (as you call it) are the "NEVER NAZIS." You, with your Wharton education, should have figured that out.
It's time to stop finding ways to make the pres look bad, which he does, but rise above with your own message. Just say it
Wait?  Wasnt the murderer who killed Heather a Bernie supporter who hated Trump and all he stands for?
They must be watching Soro's paid protestors who attack innocent people at campaign rallies.  All of it needs to stop on both sides! #riseup
It takes both sides to fight, and made even easier when police are ordered to stand down and barricades removed.
Not just white supremacists but WASP supremacists. Catholics, Jews, Hispanics who are White, Gypsies & more. They just Hate other & fear it
I recall Antifa attacking them first.
Trump wouldn't of said shit if a black women would of been killed
It's genuinely depressing that so many young people actually think you make any sense whatsoever.
"Racism is evil. And those that cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs. Including the KKK, Neo-Nazi's, white supremacists"
This so called Neo-Nazi had permit to protest but how about your army?All those thugs who r communist fascists?Those r who u support.
Bernie you've got issues
How about #antifa? How did they get in their with all their weapons and bottles full of urnie? Baseball bat! Do you support them? U are!
Apparently not: caused by quiet, very fine people
Heather Heyer, victim of #ALTRight/#RightWing Domestic #TerroristAttack in #Charlottesville's - #SayHerName @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Alles goed en aardig. Maar dit heeft natuurljk weinig met IPv6 of internet, noch Nederland te maken.
Your precious Antifa is just as guilty, at least the white supremisicts had permits to be there
I agree w/BOTH sides causing probs.I AM TOTALLY AGAINST REMOVING OUR HISTORY & declaring lives lost for naught because of their belief then
You can NOT sweep it under rug..it is our past,history..get a life people and move on, move up, improve with the knowledge of our past!
Only wants to hear himself talk... didn't let reporters finish their sentences or answer his questions to them. Out Out OUT!!!!
Yep both groups are distasteful to right minded people
It's to bad that policing has become politicized.
Allowing unlawful behavior in public, has become the norm
Thankfully Bernie is there to say it as it is.
It's the lawfully organized group at fault, so long as we disagree with there protest
So if any group lawfully organizes a protest, and there met with unlawful protesters, with clubs rocks, etc, and violence breakers out
Thank you, Senator Sanders for being the voice of millions of Americans.  (not Amerikkkans)
If you can't be fair enough, you are actually help promoting Nazi recruiting.
Not any different than the hate spread by the left and you democrats!
Come on Trump! You know what to do!
Don't forget Antifa Bernie
Also the ones who came at them with bats unless your a complete fool it takes 2 to fight. Did the wife find the millions yet
On Dec 20, 2015, Lakeisha Holloway INTENTIONALLY mowed down 37 pedestrians @ Las Vegas Strip. We're still waiting for Pres Obama's response!
As long as a baby's deprived a healthy womb, child a loving home, folk decent food, education, jobs & freedom to enjoy life, this'll happen.
It's IGNORANCE -In N. Ireland, the Orange fought unaware of the truth King Billy had sent poor Protestant Scots he couldn't feed to Ireland.
.No, they were LEGALLY permitted to protest. #FreeSpeech

YOU are against #LawAndOrder!
Govr, Mayor, Pol. Chf CHOSE against #PublicSafety
If you want to change first amendment to shut people up, just say it.  I hate Nazis, but you have to change the law which protects everyone.
How can we go from having the first black president to having a Nazi president?!
If you haven't gone through #CulturalRevolution, I'll assure you that you won't enjoy it.  People died.  And history seems to repeat.
Dear Bernie- 

Please ask your people to remove their masks and black clothing reminiscent of ISIS terrorists we're at war with.

Thank you,

https://t.co/hYLw9eafaH?amp=1y
It's %100 the chump trump the president fault these hate groups are uprising again he totally supports them & is on there side.
As someone coming from China suffered from both Fascists and Communists, I can attest you that Communism is as bad if not worse.
The Left and BLM riot/prorest, assault, destroy property, your silent. When opposition reacts, you freak and demonize. Hypocrite!
Hey bernie are they getting in the way of your ISLAMIC DREAM for AMERICA. Whepon of choice = @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
Still mad at you for selling your soul to the Clintons and backing out.
