socialist are no better.
Because economic equality is the same as genocide. Gotcha!
Lol thinking there's equality in socialism
yeah we all know this is equality:
In capitalism you can work your way. In socialism you are stuck in whatever hole you are born into
upward mobility fam.
Also please tell me where socialism has ever worked. Especially on the scale of the U.S.
How do you define socialism? Considering the rightwing calls everything left of Bill Clinton socialism, it works plenty of places.
This is still my favor pol cartoon
How about when people march against free speech?
That's also called free speech
So it is free speech to beat up people you are afraid of while concealing your identity?
Peaceful marches are protected as free speech. You don't have to agree with it for it to be ok. That's what makes America so great.
Peaceful, sure, but I have a problem when it gets violent
Is your gripe about ppl marching against free speech or against violence? Two different things. 
Marching=good, violence=bad
Marching against free speech is not good, but my primary problem is when ANTIFA and the like start violent acts in protest of free speech
You don't have to agree when someone else decides to exercise 1st A rights, but u do have to respect that right. Most are nonviolent.
When politicians push Socialism, there can be all kinds of ambiguity about the history of Socialism and the deaths it has caused.
I voted for Hillary, but only because she's the devil we know. Not sexist because I would have gladly voted for @SenKamalaHarris or
... what a powerful ... America ?!
Why do Republicans LIE...lie so much when they talk about the tax plan...lie lie lie
And you lost because...
Almost as bad as your extremist supporters shooting at elected Representatives 
When people in America march as neo-Nazis or white supremacists, Trump can have no ambiguity in supporting them or else he loses is base.
Americans need to remember, Trump kept speeches of Hitler near his bed.

Trump isn't a Nazi sympathizer.

He's a Nazi.

END OF STORY!
This: #BernieSanders. Take you propaganda and go home, no ones buying it
how about your violent supporters?
I thought you loved socialism?
The Nazis are probably your role model for governing then.
When people give adjective attribute to others is because you are not and the problem is on you because you see unreality
Yet when your supporters shoot Congressmen, there can be all kinds of ambiguity as to what caused it.
Now do US Senators chanting “the yankee will die” with the Sandinistas #BankFraudBernie
Of course he did.  He's a Commie.  Another Danny Ortega.
aww, the bot thinks it's people!
Leftists will lose as long as they continue to subvert humanity.  Stop calling people bots, racist.
Hey, it's a person!
Being anti-Russian propaganda bots is now racism?
Calling out potential bots is subverting humanity?
I don't understand
Leftists are racists, by their very agendas.  Assuming a bot is a slippery slope.  Be better.  Stop evil.
Why is it Socialists show such ambiguity over the suffering in Venezuela? Cuba?
Go away Bernie.
When Americans march it's because we have the constitutional right. Where would YOU be if censored from voicing your opinion Bernie?
I do not condone anti-American rhetoric, but I I do condone those that LAWFULLY express their right to do so...
So this is where we are at in 2017, "Are Nazis really bad? Do ALL Americans REALLY need Healthcare? Are these girls really the victims here?
If you hate because of skin color, you are a racist, no matter what you look like
When a group thinks beating up people because they did not vote for the "proper candidate", that is terrorism
Do you stand for condemning your own supporters wearing AnTifa outfits and committing acts of violence?
He actually said something smart.  Now let's hear him say the same thing about #BLM or #Antifa
Bernie: "nazis are bad"

Comments: "BUT U R COMMUNIST"
its almost as if communism is on the opposite end of the political spectrum from nazism
White about the socialists marchers of Antifa?
How about Communists?
And when #Antifa violently attacks these abhorrent but peaceful demonstrators our condemnations must be equally clear and emphatic.
What about Antifa?
Commies love to lie.
Divider
What's the historic worldwide death toll for Nazis and White Supremacists vs. Communists and Socialists? Which should I be more afraid of?
What should we do with White Socialists like you who march around comdeming everything America stands for?
Yes Bernie, I am against Nazis as well (like most people).....Just curious if you are also against Communist rallies ?
Yes, we need to march against all 20 of them. (10 of whom are undercover FBI)
What about Louis Farrakhan and The Nation of Islam??? They speak the same rhetoric as the KKK...Farrakhan calls for segregation.
Why doesn't anyone on the Left have to condemn hate speech from the alt left???
When people in America march as communists or anarchists, we can have no ambiguity in condemning everything they stand for. #DogRight
When people in america are marching as communists we can have no ambiguity in condemning everything they stand for.
Leftists. Nazis, Communists, Socialists, Antifa- all should be condemned.
But you are fine with people getting their heads busted with bike locks by antifa?
Socialist needs to be added here also sanders
How about ANTIFRA TERRORISTS Bernie? Are they on your "good group" list?
If you can’t damn the swastika without also cursing the hammer and sickle, you suck at history.
Know your history, Bernie.  Commies R Nazis R Socialists R Dems R Progressives R ALL on the left side of the spectrum!  TYRANTS ALL!
Wow, every word of that was wrong. Grats!
Every word of WHAT?
Every word of your ridiculous tweet. How was that not clear?
Let's say that the US in its conception of democracy believes that all ideologies deserve public exposure, also fascism and racism.
But Trump does not because he is one of them.
But if they are atheists you would have no problem with them.
But black supremacists are cool? Gotta love that double standard.
& Water = wet. But it's their RIGHT to assembly peaceable. And had you become president, you'd have defended that Right. Or would you...?
What about Leftist Socialists, like you?
Why now many years of opportunity wasted and now your time has passed Action for the American people interest is what is needed and you fail
Are you running again? Because you’re too old... and not a democrat... and it’s 3 years away... and you have no chance...
I'm not worried about idiots marching  as wannabe Nazis. I'm worried about people on the left trampling on the right to march, Period.
Benie wants socialism so that America could die like Venezuela.
You are a propagandist for socialism and you are condemning national socialism! Did you think all of your followers are stupid?
bothering to condemn them legitimizes them, find the roots of their complaints and address them gone
I sometimes wonder if Bernie is actually a real person or a character...like Borat. How do people get paid so much for doing nothing?
So true Senator Bernie Sanders, but you forgot to include, #BLM #ANTIFA #NewBlackPanther #CAIR #MuslimBrotherhood they to are Hate groups.
Kinda like the BLM and ANTIFA marches?
Let me be clear:  the people of America condemn hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides. On all the many sides.  BTW: 2020?
America!! You need Bernie.
Im sure you forgot to mention antifa and BLM by mistake.
You got that right!
You mean the 10,000 who are actually neo nazis and white supremacists? Stop putting labels on all white people Bernie.  You're the problem.
He didn't label all of us, he said the people marching. Your ignorance is the problem.
Why are both groups not considered a terrorist group? They should be rounded up and get a taste of what its like to be in a place like gtmo
I find it so wrong that Neo-Nazis are even allowed to organize here. They are a hate group. Period!
Except you throw those words, liberal talking points, around and THEY ARE UNTRUE. YOU ARE LYING TO THE PEOPLE!!!!
America as one of the victor nations over Fascism in WWII, is by definition anti-Fascist. There can be no ambiguity, Fascism is un-American.
Denounce antifa. Denounce the communists that flock to you like birds to an old lady at the park. Then, I might take you seriously.
We do all of the liberal protests are that way . Nazis
For Trotsky!
Let me be clear, there is no such thing as white supremacy. NO SUCH THING. Just get on with your lives people
Well, Bernie, we know where you stand on the "American people." Making an issue of a non-sequitur for political points.
/2 All Americans are against Nazis and Fascists. As well as the Antifa Socialists you align with, who were also complicit 2 WWs/80m deaths.
I condemn imperialism across the board, and that's your party too, Bernie. Obama killed a hell of a lot more people than dress-up neonazis.
#Rehash
Therefore, Revolution
How about #ANTIFA commies smashing private property beating up senior citizens blocking traffic & threatening to kill people? #SocialistPig
What about when people march in the name of ANTI fascism? All while beating up people they don't agree with and shutting down free speech?
Thank you, Bernie. Glad you remind us that Trump & Pence are White Supremacists.
