BREAKING: Steve Bannon out as White House chief strategist, @ABC News has learned. http://abcnews.com/politics  
The problem is and always has been out of touch rich jerks like Bernie, Freddie and other liars and hypocrites.
Rethink this.

The problem is white supremacy and capitalism.  Trump is a symptom.
@SenSanders: @POTUS poses a great problem for you Dems holding office. He's shining a bright light on all back room pocket padding deals!
I'm not a democratic. I don't belong to political party. I'm an independent free thinker.
Good
You're such a ridiculous loser bernie
Putin, Mercer "placed" Trump destroy US govt: Assange, Bannon, CA/SCL, Bots. Did @SenSanders get Russia Funds too? http://usat.ly/2oBAfee 
If we wait for the long process of impeachment he would have time to do more damage Please, 45 resign and make America safe
No Bernie its haters like you who are the problem thats driving division, no condemnation of black mask violence riots, Berkley 2x
I agree #45 will always be the problem.  I believe Bannon is the middle man that helped set up meetings between Russia & @realDonaldTrump
he chose them for their beliefs . he used them just like he uses everyone to get more power. it has to end before USA is overcome with hate
Actually the PROBLEM since 1847 has been, your religion... Marxism.
Poor Bernie! Talk about losers, screwed over by his own ppl!
https://twitter.com/USNJack/status/902276163397050369 …
Aww...still mad you lost? DEAL WITH IT, LOSER.
He was obviously a bigot, nasty & vicious from his first campaign rally. He is who he always was-disgusting & unfit in every conceivable way
He looks like he just had a drink all the time I mean he looks like a drunkard.
Is this a political statement
  Your actions of selling out your supporters tells your objectives
What problems? The man only been in office for a few months. The problem is DNC that threw you under the bus for Hillary Clinton.
Hmm. You screwed your supporters by dropping out & suddenly got 2 houses. We know it was a payoff. Just admit it.

Thanks Bernie for signing your books for us.
John and Alexsandra - Detroit, Michigan
Here is an Bernie update @realDonaldTrump is the president period.
And you are a Communist/socialist period
Hi
Go straight to jail with the hag wife.
You got cuck'd by the DNC.  Admit it, they're corrupt!  Trump 2020
So was Hillary for you guys
So says the big clown himself.
It's so refreshing to hear a man speak the truth, President Trump you go
Since there are none in your home, you need to go next door and look in a mirror.
Yeah? The problem is and always has been that REAL Americans are NEVER GOING TO ALLOW THIS COUNTRY TO BECOME MARXIST.
"The problem is not the problem..." http://30quotes.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/jack-sparrow-quotes-a9.jpg …
Bernie. Truth hurts. Socialism never works. Capitalism does. Embrace it. Even the pilgrims learned that lesson.
No, problem is u & all others like u who will not help POTUS 2 implement great ideas (his, urs and mine) U don't really care about us at all
Pray for our Country and Fight for our Democracy by Peaceful Protest and Voting! 
Heyyyyy Bernie!!  Come join the #TrumpTrain!!
Problem with Bern is that his own party rejected his policy stances & still doesn't realize it
I agree. Please let Justin Sane of Anti-Flag know that Ableism, is also a form of Nazism, and we won't tolerate either.  Thanks.
The problem is and always has been bloated, self-serving ignorant politicians who dominate the stink of Washington D.C.
The problem is you. A career politician who is a millionaire.  Term Limits
Thanks Bern
Passionate people shouldn't be suppressed.
tears tears tears. You still lost. #BankFraudBernie
Did they put your criminal wife in prison yet?
Thank god we don't have you as president.
I think you meant to type the problem is sore losers...
@ABCPolitics @ABC Bernie, please! You're embarrassing yourself.
SS, Dems original KKKers...just say no to racists & suppression of free speech - again a subgroup of Dems! 
COMMUNISM IS A THREAT TO OUR WORLD!
So true!
AGREED!!!!
Bernie Sanders made Donald Trump President.
BERNIE< YOUR FOLLOWS ARE THE ILLEGALS AND THE KILLERS> POTUS TRUMP WILL B OUR LEADER IN WHITE HOUSE FOR 8 YEARS! GIVE UP YOUR BULL CRAP MAGA
Why won't you call #Charlottesville for what it truly is:  RADICAL CHRISTIAN TERRORISM!
Sorry Bernie, we love our president & his base grows daily.  If U don't like him, run & win your own race.  Beat 17 GOP and 2 DNC candidates
Clean your own house.  Pakistani IT tech paid 3x going rate w/taxpayer $.  Wasserman continues paying after he is banned from Gov severs?
Clean your own house.  Huma Abedin has been indicted for espionage.  Wasserman's IT Tech indicted for fraud, feared he sold classified infor
THE PROBLEM IS THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY THAT SCREWED YOU OVER, AND NOW YOU ARE BACKING THEM/ HOW MUCH SHIT CAN YOU STIR BEFORE THE SCENT LEAVES?
It was also Hillary and you know it.
Stole millions which is why your wife is being investigated for your own gain. One has to wonder......
Uh, you were just as big a part of the problem. Trump tapped the angry right and you tapped the angry left. Now we're all screwed. Thanks!
I'm glad to hear you tell the truth
the Observer is giving you respect

@ABCPolitics @ABC 
I agree whole heartedly...
No. The problem is we have One party #PeoplesParty #DemExit
Red: Trump can take my foot up his ass
Mr Sanders, if you hadn't faught Mrs. Clinton, so hard she would be president today, I don't understand why u split the vote.
taking it hard?  suck it up!  you earned this!!! or are you crying cuz of a destroyed home life too?  well, go in peace! BYE.....church? go!
always, like forever?
Are you and your wife tweeting from prison? Bank Fraud
Why don't Socialists ever go to some African country to prove socialism can build something from nothing like Capitalism and not just leech?
Are you and your loan irregularity wife in jail yet? Is Burlington U still bankrupt after your kid was paid $500k to teach a craft class?
Agree, Senator Sanders, trump have to go now.
@realDonaldTrump's strategy:
1: Say what you want (or don't say what you should)
2: sack someone if it made you look stupid/dangerous/racist
People should be behind and hope for the best for our President and instead you continue to put him down on every level.
The real problem is people like you who should have been out of office years ago. #TermLimits
#CommunismSucks
#Amen Bernie!
Agreed
True but having this fascist out of the white house, things might get a little better.
I would agree that most of our countrymen have seen that for a long time DJT HAS BEEN for a long long time. He has been andwill lie forever!
Divisive Bernie. #PreachesMarxismLivesLikeaKing
Bernie...the thing I hate about Socialists like u is u like redistributing other ppl's money, but not your own. How many houses do u own?
Oh so witty "Bank Fraud" Bernie!
Wack job cheated by Dems and still kisses their a**.
Actually the problem is the democrats. #IStandWithTrump #Trump2020
Gave away any cheese lately?
Move to Venezuela #BankFraudBernie #ShadySanders
He is stupid!we know it,but not crazy!!simply hipocrit,do what i say ,no what i do!
Baaaahaaaaaabaaaahaaaahhhaaa
The problem has always been you & the Democratic Party. You were the problem before Trump ran for President & that's why he won, hypocrite.
Wrong Bernie.  Your side is to blame.  Lies lies lies and then when we don't believe you they lie some more
You tell them Bernie 
The Problem is when we have people like Congress trying to bring socialism which takes away all the people's rights
Someone please tell me...what has Bernie Sanders done the last 6 months to earn his $174,000 a year paycheck & Obamacare exemption?
Remember when Bernie tried to work with the current administration but then they called him a Nazi Jew and said resign? Me either
Media needs 2 stop spending time questioning Trumps loyal base. Focus on economic equality with the same focus Gore did with climate change.
Miss you, Bernie!
But you see no problem with taking a bribe of a new vacation house and other plunder for your betrayal of your base, what problem?
Oohhh.  Burn!
As much as I dislike Crooked Hillary, I am GLAD Hillary took you out Bernie!!!!  You are a BIG problem, and how's the crooked wife doing?
Hey Bernie nice cars and property you have now how did you earn them?
The problem is people can't discuss issues without calling each other names. Let's discuss our differences in hopes of finding similitude.
The problem is that you will not work for the American taxpayers who you feed off. Bern start working for America, or we will throw U out.
You follow David Brock's manual to the T. NO - just TOTAL opposition. Like a spoiled child. Shameful. Should B fired. .@SenSanders
Sad that you probably actually believe it.  #justnothersoreloser
Agree!
No Bernout, the problem is you and your dangerous band of #socialist screwballs.
Yes Yes Yes so true!!!
Only because you didn't win
And your problem has always been the DNC! Are the wounds healing from all the knives they put in your back?
I wake up every morning happy, knowing you are not President.
If u think bannon out is a good I agree but don't underestimate the damage he has done while in & imagine  what he put secretly  in place?
I hope this is but a small victory on the path to Trumps Downfall
A tweet would only come from someone who Honeymooned in the Soviet Union, Sen. Sanders.
Glad Bannon is out, as you say, white supremacist klan still in White House, climate denier, self serving banks and corporations lapdog too
Very true!!!
Bern, shouldn't you be learning to pick up the soap with your feet? Jail is coming Bern! Can you feel that?!
You old fraud-paying your daughter $500,000 to teach woodworking? How's the DOJ investigation of your wife coming? You both hired a lawyer?
Bigger problem is you are still around.
Nothing in life is free
Agreed Bannon is a nasty symptom.  Currently a distraction. We need to stay focused
The problem are like minded Socialist thinkers and believers of this agenda. Move to Venezuela. They love socialism there.
The problem is career politicians lobbyists n special interest groups.Time for congress to have limits. Time to work for the people.
#democRATS & #slavery

Remember @HillaryClinton & #byrd ~ #KKK
If black people are really upset about slavery, then why do they continue to vote for the Democratic party who enslaved black people? 
Democrats were and are KKK, White Supremus, oh right.
Your a fraud
you and your wifes troubles are a big problem .
Your RIGHT
Mr. Sanders you are one of the most stupidest politician job ever saying you sold out to the Clintons
Uh oh the "tolerant white guy" is back... whatever the f**k that means 
My name is a reference to a tv show, and only an idiot would think he's calling for "free stuff"
Apparently you've never seen Western Europe. Luckily I won't call you a fool because I have facts instead of insults
You conservatives like to scream Venezuela about socialism yet you ignore Western Europe which are all socialists countries
The problem is @SenSanders @NancyPelosi @ChuckSchumer @MaxineWaters and all the other crazy corrupt democrats.
No, here is the real issue:
If black people are really upset about slavery, then why do they continue to vote for the Democratic party who enslaved black people? 
Up YOURS BERNIE.
you're the problem Comrade @SenSanders, don't believe your lies enough to think we don't know the truth boutyou &your communist #Antifa ilk!
Put you in jail for robbery,
you stold money & broke
the law.
#AwanGate 100 times bigger than Watergate? #Blackberries #Congress
Bernie, Pocahontis, all those closed minded libs. Their way or no way. BS on BS And all of them.
Shalom, there is a God!
Why not just admit, you don't believe in a democratic for of government. Single party rule is all you want. Bulldoze your agenda thru. 
And after Trump the problem will be (insert   Republican name here) and so on and so on. Even moderate reps don't get a chance with you.
Just like a lib. Never satisfied. Why not just pretend to ride it out and be open minded. Give that a shot.
El senador de Vermont piensa que el problema nunca fue #SteveBannon sino @realDonaldTrump
Fade away Bern
Awwww... you guys shaking yet? One man the Dems can't buy. Fake News' days are numbered.
LMAO....No Bernie, you and your communist wife are the damn problem!!!
No the problem is you if Trump fails you and your resist  be blamed. You have done nothing for the country . We are not blind.
Correct
Yup, but as the song goes, "another one bites the dust"
@potus inherits a new 'company', US Government. As CEO hires Director for special assignment to ferret out disloyal/waste. That was Bannon.

Gracias
Don't come to aindy this week. You picked rush hour traffic time and we love our country. Unlike you!
YOU are the problem, as are the Democrats. Your party literally created the KKK and voted against 13th Amendment to keep slavery
WHAT is your problem.....besides only watching CNN? great visual/message. signed, a Bernie/Green Voter
But than you stopped trying and trump won
Well if you hadn't of sold out/ got screwed over by Hillary maybe things would be different Bernie.#justliketherestofthem
Please look into this.
The Dems have been using this technique for decades. It's only recently the Repubs used this technique. Dems don't like playing on level grd
And others like him. Would the VP be any better? And the racists and bigots are not going away.
Is that all you do LIE. Lie so you can keep the slaves working for to keep them at heel.
ehhhh. The problem is the GOP. Trump would have been dead in the water months/years ago if he didn't have an R next to his name
Don't you mean the problem is with the 63 million American Nazis that voted for him?  We'll remember this comment come the elections.
What did you dingo protect this country. You sold us out to special interests and non-domestic interests. Shame on you
Any plans to buy a new home this year bernie?


I'm so glad that everybody knows what's best.

