But first we must save the #ACA or many of the people who benefit from #M4A will not survive to see it passed. #ACAfirst
#NeverDJTHRC #MedicareForAll CoSponsor @SenGillibrand Donor DavisPolk Advises companies across Pharmaceuticals/Biotechnology/Medical Devices
#MedicareForAll CoSponsor @SenGillibrand Donor BSF helps clients biomedical health sector achieve business objective
You finally revealed the truth about yourself: You're a Communist/Socialist, no longer Democrat. #ComradeGillibrand #GillibrandIsASocialist
Where will you find the money senator and who wants to give up their good insurance for Medicare? #clueless
Tell Chuck Schumer.. since he is now being paid to not join you. I will not vote for him ever again if he takes money and doesn't join you.
And Eating is the HEALTHIEST thing you can do, so that's why we must pass #FreeMcDonaldsforall. NOW! We are tired of paying for our food!
All talk no action. We need a senator that performs not propagandadizes
I hope @IamJohnBurnett does challenge you.... You're "wishy washy" & when I met you during a union meet & greet...1 on 1...U R stiff & fake
You already fixed this issue with the ACA....What happened to that?  Oh, that's right, I forgot!  YOU LIED ABOUT HOW IT WOULD HELP US! LIED!
Then why are you not helping
How ru going to pay for it? Oh I mean how are we going to pay for it?
Thank you @SenGillibrand for supporting #MedicareforAll
My mastectomies cost 20k and weren't covered by insurance because the deemed it unnecessary. I had breast cancer. Thankfully Dr wrote it off
PLEASE 
Not really, look at Canada for example, poor health care. Free market= more options lower cost.
Cutting out insurer profit will save huge dollars. Now regulate Pharama prices
With Connect Care closing  down. Many doctor will not accept insurance and insurance from the exchange. No one is  giving answer
Keep obstructing you fool!
You want healthcare? Work and EARN it. No FREE rides!
Obama & Dems created ACA. It's dreadful! Paying not to have it! Now you want to run single payer! No DMV & SOS are jokes
I think the only way
#impeachTrumpnow
And we trumpet to the heavens what a loving Christian nation we are
You are crazy if people get off their butts and get a job they all could get insurance
Country is 20t in debt how do you propose to medicare for all. Does the plan include millionaires?
Medicare still has deductible and co-pays that make supplemental insurance necessary for anyone with ongoing health issues.
It's all covered. Read the actual bill
Healthcare system is broken but Medicare for all is not the way to fix it. Just like Obamacare was not. it just made things worse for many
This is golden, you are admitting that the ACA did not do as you promised. #FAIL No you want Single-Payer. No thank you!
Are you kidding me? The "all-Democrat" ACA was passed for this very reason. Sorry, it has FAILED!
ACA was a republican bill, romneycare. First in Massachusetts. Made by the heritage foundation.
You are really trying to put the ACA on the GOP. A state is not the federal govt. NO GOP representative or senator voted for ACA in DC.
States opt out of aca. Go back and see how the GOP was involved in rewriting it. How the heritage foundation was involved. Romneycare.
I couldn't care less about MA & Romneycare. That is a state issue. Me & my family, could not opt out of ACA, now we have shit for insurance.
Then you should be mad at the @GOP cuz they watered it down and ruined it. Now we have a chance at the real deal #MedicareForAll I feel you
No thank you! I truly believe the ACA was designed to fail to push us to single payer. I strongly disagree with single payer healthcare.
Okay, I wish @Obama had been stronger and had held firm to his campaign promise to #singlepayer. Instead, we got @GOP @RomneyCare @Heritage
Who pays?
Thank you for voting Nay on killing the effort to repeal AUMF! We need congress and Senate to take back their war powers years ago..
There is no money for government to pay for health care. Have you look at our debt? Give us a debt free nation so we can afford health care.
Republicans like @LindseyGrahamSC & @SpeakerRyan not asking the right questions.  We know universal h/c is hard. Q: HOW COULD WE DO IT?
what drugs are u smoking.
The uninsured receive healthcare under Medicaid/medical so stop the lies. They just have to apply for it.
If this were true we wouldn't have an est 45k people die each year.
Healthcare and affordable prescriptions are a bit different. Our country passes on the research and development fees to Americans only  (1)
You are a Bernie Sanders clone with more hair. Socialized medicine will destroy the competition that creates state of the art medicine.
Finally a smart person in the bunch besides well myself. Lol
Didn't your side pass the current healthcare law of the land??
Thank you for your leadership!
YES. BUT WE HAVE TO CLOSE WATCH HOSPITALS AND DOCTORS FOR OVERCHARGES..WE ALL HAVE TO DO  THAT, YES!
This current system is the Obamacare you voted for.  Why give you another chance to screw it up again?
But now KY (R)Gov. Matt Bevin wants to cut 95,000 people over five years. #ACA #ObamaCare
^^ Another case of people voting against their own best interest, but no wonder
Thank you!
You and IB made it and know it does not work? What's next all should not work
NO
Only if it keeps the Big Insurance cartel out of it.  If insurance companies still in, patients still out.
If your idea of health care for all falls under government assist I beg you to study government employees and vets already there!
How is that possible when ObamaCare mandates ppl to subscribe to a health insurance policy under threat of fine & or imprisonment?
Health insurance is a business. Govt is n't supposed to be in a business. ppl should take better care of themselves
I thought Obamacare was supposed to take care of that?  Not!
Please stop wreaking our country and health insurance.  Thanks
I used to think politicians were tone deaf now I am convinced they are. LESS GOVERNMENT NOT MORE!!!!
Less gov't is how you would up with Equifax insider trading with your leaked personal info. Corps cannot hold themselves accountable.

ICYMI Everyone gets medical care in this country. Even illegal aliens!
How do we pay for it?
How are you paying for your insurance now?
By choosing my insurance and paying for myself
@ShaunKing @SenSchumer-Sign on to #MedicareForAll. You're gonna end up it doing it. So be the leader NY needs and do it now.
I want to vomit now.
And today my county has zero #ACA plans because Democrats are taking their eye off the ball & immediate threat?
Hope you lose your primary.
Agreed! I'm no longer voting for a Democrat who doesn't share the same view point. The hell with them all. Except my president Obama!
please run for president
Halfway there, just need to endorse #basicincome
No, Medicade it sucks. Try #TortReform and bring down the cost of care.  No damn tax and spend, you can't manage that
I like you, but this is a political ploy, not a real solution. How are we going to pay for this?
Yes!!!!!
I don't get this we were on the right track and just because some ppl didn't want to pay we stop bull. We will have to 0ay anyway
Woohoo! Thank you congresswoman! I am right behind ya!
Bc neither of you are smart enough to realize nothing is free. The numbers do not work 117mil people can't fund medical for 323 mil
