To ensure Americans have confidence in this investigation, it must be conducted in a transparent manner and given the resources it needs.
Yes. And make it multicultural and gender equal. Meaning half men. Half women!!!!!
Yes. Because multicultural always takes precedence over the ability of someone to perform his or her job.
Why can i not find the tread and have just seen this
I do not know.
#WHEN WILL BERNIE REALLY FEEL HOW MUCH BENDING OVER HIS OWN PARTY STUCK HIM AND HURT US ALL!
DNC election fraud should be investigated. That was the real cause of Trump presidency.
Hillary did not "cheat" in the primaries. There was no vote manipulation, and she was predicted to win from the start.
That's your opinion. You have the right to say whatever you want and I have the right to ignore you.
Will you have Robert Mueller investigate into HRC illegal handling of classified information and the murderer of 4 U S AMERICAN
Nope because that wasn't what mueller was hired for. Sorry 
What I said is Will You, If he feels it's good for POTUS, then there shouldn't be any issues to investigate HRC
Considering that most 'liberals' are highly educated most of my professors have their phd. I'll take it.
As Gowdy once said, "You'd have to be highly educated to be this stupid."
Mueller is very biased & using DNC bigots to investigate Trump.He lacks the courage & integrity to recuse himself.
Will you lead the investigation into your wife's fraudulent actions that bankrupted Burlington College?
It wasn't Janes actions dipshits -  it was the board of trustees who voted 2 have her buy land & gave her bogus info to get a bank loan
U are a joke a bad one at that
And you are a CTR troll with I follower and 8 tweets.
Where were you when Trey Gowdy was trying to get to the bottom of Benghazi, which is real. Trump/Russia is as real as Santa riding unicorns
Should you, at your age, not go to enjoy the reward you got for the role you played? Or is this still part of the script?
Yes also Investigate #SethRich
Robert Mueller is positive step?!  And, Bush wasn't a liar just conservative? Bernie, you are SUCH the company man:
He's right.
Y'all are so stupid, you are looking in the wrong direction!  Look toward CLINTON, OBAMA!
please don't take 8 years to get the investigation going
You mean you're not at the bottom already?  There's more speculation without evidence coming?
His name was #SethRich
No matter what it proves. Do not let this be another Benghazi!
You are stating it as fact. Do you know that 100% as fact? You are irresponsible when you speak like that. Credibility ou the window
Good to see the lunatic fringe is alive and well on this bernie tweet.
You call yourself "StillWithHer" the one who lost presidency &  w/zero coattails 4 Dems and WE'RE the lunatic fringe? LOL
UGH!
i CRINGE when I see that!
They seem to have no sense of how ridiculous, embarrassing, and laughable they sound.
since I despise that family sooo much.
I detest hearing anything positive about such absolute slime...
I call them the Hillarist Cult- because nothing is EVER the fault of Dear Leader.
Oh but you support a 70+yr old man who's been conning his way thru his entire life and his wife is now being investigated by FBI for FRAUD!
Oh go get stuffed with those CTR talking points.
"Russia" *scratch* "Russia" *scratch* "Russia" *scratch* "Russia" *scratch*
Like a broken record...
The huge news just keeps breaking
8 days later and ... ?
and will you apologize to Trump after he is proved to be innocent of this crap?
Nope. Trump will be in a tiny cell. No apologizes for anyone!!! Y'all going to apologize when clown shoes is cuffed and stuffed?
You're living in the twilight zone of you think trump is ACTUALLY in any trouble. Think what you want, but you will eventually understand.
You are the one living in the twilight zone.
And to the bottom  of DNC servers,   crowdstrike and Seth Rich...hope all around!
Oh for God's sake..stop it.
Stop what? Revealing the truth?
The same confidence we had when he obscured the 911 investigation?  Sanders you're are the new manure of the neoliberals
It'll be great when he proves #SethRich is "Russia" and @HillaryClinton is the one who ends up on trial. Let's get this party started! 
But that won't happen. Seths family said the story isn't true. They debunked it last night. Trump is going down!!!
You've been fooled.

The family said nothing. Their spokesman, Brad Bauman, "debunked" it. Bauman is a PR crisis manager working for Dems.
Did not happen. Conspiracy theories are why this country is so divided. Did not happen!!!
I agree 100%. The biggest conspiracy theory of all is this Trump-Russia narrative (zero evidence to this day).
I'm so proud of you last night Sir, You are ALWAYS integrity and justice /always the issues and NOT about the party!   
Until today, Mueller was partner at law firm representing Ivanka Trump & Jared Kushner. This is more cover up & corruption.
Not true. He is a great choice and above reproach.
Would Republicans accept a lawyer to investigate Hillary Clinton if daughter Chelsea was a client of the same company ? Absolutely not.
Bernie buys into the fake news narrative??

I remember a time when Sanders ran AGAINST the media establishment, the Washington est., etc.
Dealing w/ situation is ACCEPTING THE ELECTION RESULTS, & PEACEFUL TRANSITION OF POWER.

That's the HEART & SOUL of AMERICAN DEMOCRACY.
Not tearing everything down, rioting, violence, spreading false information in an attempt to discredit a democratically elected president.
I DON'T support Trumpcare.

It doesnt fix CORE issue: Overpriced medical care by exploitive corporations.

Obamacare AND Trumpcare are bad.
W
O
There are no ties to Russia you Dems just want to slow down his agenda
No one likes you, Bernie Sanders!  That's why you are not POTUS!
When can we get to the bottom of the Democratic Party scandals , lies and deception
Senator- I agree with you- Bring it to a conclusion. I will ask you a question- Where were you when Bill Clinton and Atty General Lynch met
There's no ties to Russia! why don't you look to Hillary for the reason why you lost you were set up haven't you noticed that yet?
I pray Mueller will be 100% non partisan and only produce the truth, I worked for his son in-law, I found the family to be very authentic
Bernie point to JUST ONE pc of evidence. You cant, FBI cant,Dimms cant, IC cant. Nonexistent. Lets waste more tax $$, great idea
Bernie, if there were Russian ties with Trump, he worked hard campaigning. A lot harder than if Russia was involved. Very suspicious 
If he lied can he be impeached???
the answer,by way of default, put N' Bernie Sanders & Elizabeth Warren,pick new cabinet members,.that should  changes the course of things.
Bernie is a and always be a JOKE!!!.PATHETIC individual.
Bernie.. it's over for you. Russia was a lie and you know it! What are you having for dinner? Pizza or pasta? #satanicscum #MAGA
There's no ties. After all this time there would be at least an ounce of evidence.
Clapper: No evidence Trump colluded with Russia (Close the Case. Stop Pissing Away Tax Payer Money) 
And the Dems can say they did nothing wrong. Not even cause the loss of innocent lives. Oh wait they did. Remember Benghazi
Hopefully the Russian Connection trail will lead to Hillary Clinton and the DNC. Are you enjoying your time in your lake house and new car?
Or just maybe that there were no ties at all!! @TheDemocrats give a pass, when @POTUS44  told Putin, I can do more after the election!! ??
when he doesn't find ties just like the last investigation you'll be calling him a Russian agent
Maybe he can also tell you how Hillary stole the nomination from you or doesn't that matter since she bought you a $600K house? #PHONY
What about the DNC collusion with the media and Hillary campaign to railroad YOU? Why is that less important? Corruption of our own is ok???
I hope he does Bernie, there is a lot of stuff going on between Trump and his staff.
Maybe he will look into the money you funneled to your family@Bernie sanders
Be careful what you wish for. I see mad max, Clinton in jail
Who was that other dnc member who just went to jail for embezzlement?
What ties to Russia all it is Hillary to get trump in trouble because she is guilty for deleting all her emails to Russia
Be careful what you hope for Bernie boy. Trump is smart. Oh what a treasure trove of dems sins will be uncovered. Dems fell for the bait.
You're only hopeful that it reveals something your party can use to gin up controversy.
What did u except from Hillary to back her after u found out the DNC was trying to screw u over? We need to investigate u Bernie Sanders. ..
You could be president today if Hillary and Debbie Wasserman Schultz hadn't screwed you!
Yet he still supports that woman ???
You should be more interested in an investigation into corruption in the DNC,they are the ones that screwed you. Big time!
Interesting that  directors of the FBI, CIA & NSA  all testified that they have no evidence and yet you talk like a conviction is eminent
Whatever! Like your a totally "Perfect" Politician,  Bernie??? It's time to stop all this @#$&* HATE!!   Set an example Bernie!!!!!
you are rushing into darkness
have you lost your mind Bernie ? He is awful
Yea Mueller will find no Russian connection with President Trump but plenty of connection to socialists right wing commie Democrats.
This is going to blow up in your face and it will be EPIC.
Thank you, Bernie!!!! Now we need an independent commission, as well.Can't 45 fire a special prosecutor?
Maybe you should look here.
and What about Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelsoi have retirement funds invested in Russia markets or Clintons 20% Urainum deal and 500K to Bill
Not me
We know who are the one's who have and are fighting for the people. We salute you all.

They should do the same for the DNC in the election.
How about that and a few other things? People, don't let him off the hook!
THE RUSSIANS ARE COMING. THE RUSSIANS ARE COMING. OKAY BERNIE ITS TIME FOR THE NURSING HOME AND TAKE MAD@MaxineWaters & @NancyPelosi WITH
@HillaryClinton uranium Russian ties, and "donations" from Russia to @ClintonFdn  I think this will finally come out in investigation
Impeach him
I fear the GOP will not set the impeachment bar low enough to rid this country of the infestation in the WH.
But  so far there is far more proof HRC and DNC colluded to FK you out of nomination, and colluded with the media #wikileaks
Pretty sure the data at the bottom is at the FBI, and Trump got rid of it when he sacked Comey
Please ask @SenatorLeahy about his 3/27/07 @FBI oversight press release to evaluate whether #Mueller can be an asset in any investigation.
#SELLOUT
What about your wife, and Hillary and her Weiner
Hopefully, it won't be in 4 years after Russians own half of our country!
So if he finds nothing will you accept the results?
Are you NUTS??? Mueller is a snake Dems have locked in the hen house and Trump is the golden egg. Look at his history. He was FIRED W CAUSE.
You might as well be Colonel Sanders at this point, Bernie. How much did you get for your soul?
All you need is Trumps tax returns and it will be all over! Then you can start impeachment!
This from the guy who spent his honeymoon in the Soviet Union & established a "sister city" relationship with Yaroslavl...
We all copied this Senator so when you turn on Mueller, like you Dems will, its on the record. 
#MAGA
You won't accept it if it favors Trump because you are a partisan hack.
We've been at the bottom for some time now. No one has produced any evidence you old coot. Your evidence? Not more smokey supposition. Geez!
alleged when hildabeast who cheated you out of a nomination is talked about (with proof) but  "ties" (with no proof) when it is Trump, ?
I just hope we can get a special investigator to find Bernie Sanders. Just to let him know the ppls party is looking for him.
Maybe he can expose how Hillary rigged system against you. Or maybe Podesta's ties to Russia??!!??
Or when he don't find anything and you call him a liar Bernie
You may be worried about how it makes you look to speak about the #DNCFraudLawsuit, but I think you should mention it.
You honeymooned in the Soviet Union and have been a Russian stooge for decades. You have no credibility.
Seems more like a witch hunt. All the listening on Trumps campaign folks & unmasking revealed 0. Seems like hatred 4 Trump drives this. 
And when he finds nothing, you'll question his patriotism...
Say that dirty word, Bernie: EMOLUMENTS!!
Man, you didn't even care the DNC cheated YOU.
Wasting money!!!
There are no campaign ties. You should make yourself useful and bring charges against Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
Are you sure
You sold out Bern, now just be quiet. #hypocrite
It's just hard to trust anyone
Good afternoon, DaLady's Movement is meditating, 2024 A BLACK WOMAN PRESIDENT.
Honestly, what happens once it's confirmed there are ties? Let's face it, nothing. The checks and balances are laughing to the bank.
Look old man!
A DNC staffer that admired you died because he exposed what Hillary did to you.
HE DIED FOR YOU!
AND YOUR JUST SITTING THERE?!
*Or lack thereof...
What Mueller will find is that Russia is Seth Rich.
It will come out how much money Hillary gave you to keep your mouth shut for rigging the election from you. KARMA is coming your way.
#SethRich died to expose how Hillary rigged the primaries against you and you sold out. You are weak.
@SenSanders how can we be sure his pockets aren't already lined too, to be sure of a fair and honest outcome?
You should be more worried about Obama admin using intel agencies to spy on domestic political opponents. You fraud.
Tell me how you got to be a millionaire on Gov pay




Bernie you are trying to destroy America just like how your Democrat friends did
The Democrats are going down
Dnc dnc needs a special investigation
agree is positive as now we will see dems made whole thing up...Seth Rich was the Wiki leaker & DNC will finally turn over servers to FBI
The media are going to scream like hair-dressers no matter what you do.

Keep going, Mr. President. 

We're with you.

@realDonaldTrump
IN A COUNTRY OF INOCENT UNTIL PROVIN GIULTY WHY AS A SENATOR DON'T YOU KNOW THAT. YOU USE TAX DALLORS TO PAY CRONY TO TWIT YOU SHOULD PAY
Shhh...everybody. Bernie doesn't want you to figure out his scam to get rich as a socialist preacher & HRC sell-out to young mush heads. 
How about Hillary and Obamas ties to Russia?
A step forward?  Yes...BUT not what we want. He reports to the AG which stands behind Trump.
The ONLY unbiased option is an independent.
It would be great if Trump couldn't fire him , I will bet it happens real quick the way Trump is crying, probably be replaced with a janitor
He will get to the bottom of Russia ties..... Hillary's....
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/04/paul-manafort-lobbying-ukraine-podesta-group-237163 …
& when NO TIES R found will U have the balls to stand up & admit U were wrong? we all already know the answer to that! Nope! Hillary took em
you should probably worry more about the investigation going on of your wife
So Bernie already knows he has ties? I guess we should skip this and save the taxpayers $. Bernie should just tell us! He knows all! Sarcasm
Maybe #comey's replacement can help us get to the bottom of your wife's alleged fraud as President of Burlington College. @SenSanders
We need a special prosecutor to look into how Bernie Sanders owns three homes on a $200,000 a year salary
My goodness, this is rich,considering you're a self proclaimed communist who honeymooned in Russia! Who's really in love with Russia? ?
What about you and Hillary? Huh
..hipocrate
Right! & it might lead to Obama spygate!
get a life
Robert Mueller's 1st step needs to be subpoena of DNC server as well as NSA intercepts to verify it was hacked remotely vs #SethRich d-load
the Rich d-load? You are taking rumors and basing everything on that!?!? Ok. Don't be pissed when it goes to hell in a handbasket.
As I said, the @FBI never examined the DNC server. How hinky is that? The NSA would know if there were mass remote downloads 2 strange IP's
...Perez faked outrage,u agree with Mueller yet you know Russia story is fake, wikileaks provides info on Mueller working for Obama. Fishy
Are you seeking a special prosecutor to look into Hillary and DNC illegally sabotaging your campaign or was the pay o$$ worth it?
Of course not...didn't involve Trump
Why would he? He got what all socialist elites want.
How is the investigation on your wife doing?  Asking for a friend
What ties. Oh wait. You mean the Uranium One deal. But that was Hillary.
please use your good position and connection to help Biafra gain her independence from Nigeria it's urgent.
After 8 months of investigation every time asked the committee heads ranking dimms & intel agencies heads report ZERO EVIDENCE of collusion.
I wonder if no corruption is revealed at the end of this investigation, will you support our president at that time? @BernieSanders
Hillary had real ties to Russia & rigged u out of primaries! I loved your honesty then, but til u have evidence of "ties" u lose credibility
Hey @SenSanders do think he will find how much money you took from Hitlery to buy you off for stealing the DEM Nom? How's your beach house?
