How many of your houses are you offering up to shelter people in need?
Thoughts won't help. Actions speak louder than words, Bernie. When will you donate to charity or actually fly down there to help them?
When will you ?
I donate all the time to charity. I'm disabled so I can't physically help but I donate to charitable organizations that are helping
Imagine a number of people Sanders can spread the news to and donate, then look at how much you've personally donated. He has a voice.
I understand that, saying his thoughts are w/ those affected doesn't help them. This is why I distrust politicians. They're all talk.
You are all talk, Bernie does his share. Lets see if Trump actually donates anything.
Really? I'm all talk? You don't even know me. I donate not only money but time to several charities.

US Virgin Islands refusing entry to non-American Irma evacuees, survivors say | World news https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/sep/12/us-british-virgin-islands-hurricane-irma-refused-entry#img-1 …
Bern how about you send us some of your $$$ or use of one of your houses???
YOUSHOULD HAVE BEEN PRESIDENT
You shouldn't be able to vote.
And you shouldn't be able to live but here we are :/
Ad hominem fallacy, what else ya got sweetheart?
I GOT THE FIRE ONLINE BOI HIT ME UP 
Wanting to vote for Bernie Sanders and now weed? Your just full of good choices! Lol
What's new? For starters, I see you have embraced my sarcasm because substantiating an argument is not in your abilities.
How is it this nation cannot mobilize its costly military to help citizens with supplies, sand bags, evacuation, with army bases everywhere?
Because there's a distinct lack of natural resources and brown people. Otherwise we'd be "helping" the shit out of them.
"helping" brown people is code for invading their homes or killing them or both?
When was the last time Congress approved $4 Reconstruction of America over War? We are crumbling in2 3rd World while Congress gets Rich.

Thanks capt obvious
Who wants your SOCIALIST thoughts?

<3
I hope we have enough resources. It's not looking good.
And IQ45's thoughts is with the %1 and deep tax cuts. May Lord dope his devil soul in the fire of hell.
I'm one of them...please talk to our climate change denying governor @FLGovScott
Donald Trump didn't cause this hurricane little guy...
Your right he was to busy telling the American people that climate change is a hoax made by china  
"You're"  "too"
Did China or the dinosaur's SUVs cause it when global temps were 120?
You should definitely ask a climate scientist that will disagree with you. I'll go with the expert.
Can you answer my question?  Did Donald Trump get a time machine and burn fossil fuels during the Cretaceous (hint: really long ago)

You got anything else?  This is "to" easy and one of your wrist slaps has already been retweeted to 13K.  @ImmoralReport
Bernie is the man!!
Yes a friend in need is a friend indeed
Thats ironic how Mother Nature can bring people together. Stop being all about me me III.
Thank you
You should be our Presidents
Bernie stop being ridiculous abt HC. You really think you would've won against Trump.?
Absolutely not.....it wouldve been a landslide on you
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/politics/wp/2017/03/15/bernie-sanders-remains-one-of-americas-most-popular-politicians/ … He's also is one of the most (if not most) popular politicians right now.
A young progressive Jewish candidate would've faired alot better than Bernie. Where's that guy at? He could win easily but not Bernie.
U sold ur soul to the devil named @HillaryClinton. Is she blackmailing u or are you soon to be on her # killlist??
Prayers for safety 4 all.

Yes,Bernie & Hillary sure are cuckoo.
Stop trumps tax cuts for the 1%
There are no tax cuts for the 1% lol wtf are you talking about ????
You must be living underneath a rock lol
Bernie can use twitter?
We see you Bernie.  Show us your taxes!!!  We know you took Putin money.
Commie
She's trying to sell a damn book and thats her right. You're joining the talkg heads for no gain whatsoever only to keep your spotlght. SAD!
Is Trump donating another million $?
For a tax write off!
Well THERE is a profound statement- really earned that paycheck today, didn't you?
Good job not saying prayers. Dollars help more.
Show me the benefit of a truckload of thoughts and prayers. I'll put it up against a truckload of donated food any day. Even a few cans help
Thank you, Senator Sanders. Those of us in the SE are no stranger to hurricanes, and we appreciate your support. <3
I wonder how @SenSanders will blame trump for Irma. How will he make money off this so he can buy another 700k home
https://t.co/ayAEaM5251?amp=1
We are!!
Yes indeed
I am so sorry to hear the news about this huge storm. I pray for everyone there that they are safe.
Prayers those already suffering and those in harms way for protection through the storm
Gee, Thanks for that tweet Bern. I'm sure people in FLA feel better now. Maybe you should post something on Facebook just to be safe.
I have faith in my governor and my President.  Don't need your thoughts or help.
Thank u Senator Sanders
Save your pretend concern. We all know you are posturing.
Just wondering? What are u doing to help out Bernie? Or what are you prepared to after it's over?
Will you use your platform to denounce what the Red Cross is doing in Texas?
Our thoughts are with parents dealing devastation of life by individual criminals in educational institutions-School to Universities
You should go travel there... Or donate your wealth to helping them - you're a socialist, no? What's yours is theirs?
Ahh I see we've gone from thoughts and prayers, to just thoughts.
Well Bernie are you not a resource ?
Why don't you roll your sleeves up and go over and help them !!!
I wish Irma hadnt come along so soon.  We have recovered from KILLER STORM HARVEY YET.
People w/ electric cars don't need gas to leave Florida or TX.  #ClimateChangeIsReal
Bern the POTUS is doing a good job.  Let's see you out there after storm.
Придет время и народам Америки придется ответить за то зло, что они несут на крыльях самолетов и ракет по всему миру. Возмездие неизбежно.
Thank you, sir. We are hunkered down as best we can here in FL. Prepped for the worst but praying for the best.
Why won't you do something about it?... Trump's already sent several millions to the Harvy victims...
The bern man
In the wake of Katrina 150 counties offered cash, supplies & aide! Thanks to "America First" arrogance we are alone! Same if we go to war?
Pray for their safety.
Bernie  is a feeble pld man .I challenge him toprove he writes  his own tweets. His state is a mess houses falling down a disgrace
Or maybe they should move.  How many times does the Fed have to pay for them to rebuild?
How about all the wildfires on the West Coast? We're literally burning up over here.
Except Maralago. Let them use that last $17M for this one.
Yeah great words Bernie. And YOUR actions would be what?
JESUS!!!
Why are you not our president? #president2020
Thank you --
Xrqoskxyzggd
How much of YOUR personal timenand money have you given?
Thank you Bernie we appreciate that someone in this Government cares!
Being the leader we need..  thank you @SenSanders
Happy Birthday to YOU, Happy Birthday to YOU, Happy Birthday @SenSanders Happy Birthday to YOOOUUUU! 
He is currently homeless.
If you mean what you say, say yes.
Can my son come to stay at one of your homes? Thought not.
Economics really isn't your thing
Thank you from all of us here in Florida! #HurricaneIrma
Thank you #46
why do I get the feeling that we here in Flordia are going to ge hosed by a Senator from Vermont?
Thank you

Every resource! Even your wealth @SenSanders
How about Praying in Jesus Name Sen. Sanders, then open up your Bank acct. to those that you say are in your thoughts Bernie words are cheap
and with the people of Mexico after the 8.1 earthquake.
You ROCK Bern!!! 
We will. And then go right back to denying climate change.
How much you donate big Bern?
Thank you. We live in FL. The last thing we need is a political peeing contest over needing help. ♡
.@SenSanders AND the help they need will be lacking bc you divided the dem party & helped get a dictator in Oval
Wht do U say 2 the 90 Congress members who vOted NO 4 additionl $ 4  FEMA, who is now broke, in order 2 help Irma's victims.3 from TX GOP 
Thank you, Senator.  From someone in the path of Irma.
Thank you. We are bracing ourselves. 
There ya go, give away more money. You're good at that.
Bernie, you seem to push your own agenda and work against democrats. Help or go away
Thank you
Why aren't you talking about the wildfires? there are over 1.5 million acres of forest fires in the west. 
#wildfires
Senator Sanders, read this!
Why don't you donate some of your personal wealth like our great POTUS did.
Agreed
ur thoughts dont count bernie ur smoked out
If only we had a president who could intelligently articulate himself..
Except himself
One of the differences between Bernie and the Orange infant. Bernie cares about others. The Orange imbecile doesn't care about anyone
If so concerned, use your resources to go yourself to help evac those in Irma's path?
Don't worry Bernie, President Trump will take care of it you just toke on that crack pipe!
One resource escapes so many in positions of government with complete Inaction, #Courage.
How about helping us Harvy people first we have no place to go and no food and then worry about the others
Aren't you gonna blame the Russians Bernie?
And with you! Have a birthday filled with blessings and beautiful things.
Happy birthday!!!
First thing I agreed with
Gasoline is now rare, grocery shelves are empty, highways are stopped and outer bands of storm being felt
It concerns me to see seniors on the street at assisted living waiting for family on the streets? Why?
So wish you were our president. I love your passion and commitment to our country and it's people!
AMEN, Sen Sanders
Don't worry about it Bernie!  Our President will insure we have Federal aid and Trump supporters are sending donations like crazy
While Liberals shout that "karma" against those of us who support the President is reason for the storms.
Sell your lake front house and donate the proceeds. Oh wait why would you do that when you can spend other people's money?
No your thoughts are with HRC! get over yourself! she was cheated from the presidency, you just lost

Thank you, Bernie!
Shut down H.A.R.P.
You Nancy and Chuck with all your BS and hot air could stop it. Go to the keys and talk your shiz. I'm sure she'll turn and go back home
Get our #DoNothingCongress& #LazyPotus moving.  #WeneedhelpinFlanow
Maybe they can use your new home you just bought
Thank you @SenSanders. It's comforting to know that some people in our gov actually think of us little people in #IrmasPath #BattonDown
Thank you Bernie-you've made life here on earth a little bit more tolerable! We get you!
Happy birthday!
Wishing you a happy birthday, despite the many worries of the day, I hope you have a good one
Thank you Senator , I  am sure we will need it. Now just waiting for Irma to get here
Happy Birthday 
We are, the POTUS is on this like flys on a gut wagon or a politician on a guys wallet you might understand the second one better.
happy Birthday, Bernie!
Send them and  and supplies instead of thoughts 
I completely agree with this. I have to ask for your thoughts on the residents of #Montana and the fires they have been dealing with?
But FEMA is only funded for 1 more week because we might have to take subsidies away from Big Brother, er, Massive Big Bizness?
: Haven't heard ANY mention from the media about whether the water temp has increased, causing these unprecedented weather events
Bernie your time is done. You have done enough damage to the Democratic Party, now shut up and get lost!
What Democratic Party? 
Hows the alzeheimers you still good need a new nurse...member when you ran for president? Nah me neither...enjoy the whetabox
Thank you.
including science, over fiction, of course.
You mean everybody else's money and resources but yours @BernieSanders
It would be nice if we had that 150 billion Obama gave to Iran
Agreed
Irma is the millionaires and billionaires fault!!!! @SenSanders
Glad you agree with Trump. He donated 1M to TX. WHAT was your donation senator? Time? Volunteer? $$$? Do tell
You couldn't give a crap for ppl in TX & FL they wouldn't vote for you
even russian resources?
Well said
Why are majority of Bernie's statements about government spending? Doesn't he pay attention? Every possible resource is being used to help 
Bernie..why aren't you complimenting Trump for his efforts to raise the debt ceiling & fund lots of $ to help the Harvey & Irma victims?
You want my pay pal ?
I can mail you $5.00 in an old Halloween card.

Your 1 of ONLY STABILIZING Forces in Senate~THANX! HAPPY  Birthday Senator! XX
Yes, but need 2do a better job addressing#climateChange.. we r doing this..animal Ag must stop..we must respect Earth#GoVegan #globalwarming
As Trump and pence go on vacation
Our thoughts are also with Mexico after a devastating #MexicoEarthquake. Right Bernie?
Senators Sanders I concur! It's awful running off with nothing and return to nothing! Awful!
Bernie for president 
It was a YUGE mistake to run Hillary
Not even Irma is a worse tragedy than Trump being elected. And I live in Florida.
Why don't you and your wife put up a million dollars to help like trump. I'm mean you both can uses what the wifey stole from the university
First time I agreed with you on anything, wow!!
why dont we keep rebuilding in middle of ocean too
Yes. And let's do a better job than Trump wanted to do for health care....More than just a tax deduction for poor!!
Our thoughts are with the people at the banks. bank fraud devastation and those who it affect. We must do everything possible to help them
End The RACIST WAR ON DRUGS FREE UP SOME $$ TO HELP STORM VICTIMS
