Yes - all of Europe, Canada, Australia and New Zealand are Socialist Gulags.  It must be hellish.... Are people really that dumb?
Look at tax rates in those countries. I don't want to pay a 75% tax rate. If you don't work you don't care about tax rate
add up your tax rate +healthcare premiums +out of pocket max +deductibles +scrips. how much are you paying? also show me a country w 75% tax
My marginal tax rate is 31%. Where do they get these values?
I pay 32% tax rate plus $300/month for ins. Which covers all but 3K if I stay in a network. people spread fear by saying others pay 75%
Other countries with single payer. Pay outrageous taxes
which countries? and what are the rates you're seeing?
Sweden and Norway
Healthcare is not a right! Government needs to get out of it!
I thought life was a basic right. I guess sick people don't have the right to life if they require healthcare.
Then I'll have to tell my patients "You have no right to the services I provide". My son also.
Healthcare is a service as you said, not a right. I'm glad you see that.
O.k. then you also have no "right" to those services. Don't get sick.
Actually I have health insurance that I pay for.
Your way is much better!!
Republicans rather complain about Obama going on vacation!
Of course we do if we are paying for it if he's footing the bill we don't give a s***
The American people say no to socialism why cannot you understand that
Fraud.
@RandPaul is a physician & has actually worked for his living. @SenSanders is a leech.
Rand Paul all but says if you have medical troubles you deserve them. He's a poor Senator. He serves only rich people who serve rich people.
Sen.Rand Paul is completely out of touch with the people of the United States!
@RandPaul ideas are much better than yours.
Yes; and, the difference is his makes sense and yours is imploding as we speak. Good point. Thank you.
Bernie Sanders - The Millionaire Socialist.
You both probably have very different ideas on bank fraud Too!  #BankFraudBernie #FeelTheBern
Amen!
@RandPaul U may hv been right a generation ago when jobs were  taken as a given. Not anymore.U shld come up with a plan that covers all
That is true; Senator Paul favors American freedom and you support Soviet style government control.
@RandPaul Y talk about socialism. I do not think providing health care to all is socialism. It is the correct thing to do.
I tend to have more faith in a doctor than someone whose only known skill is to gorge himself at the public trough,but who cares, right bern
Don't you think you should be worrying about your Fraud charges!? We're not Venezuela!! Why don't you go there & be their president!!
Government does not have any business in the insurance or healthcare business! We can make our own choices!
Of course you do! You want one payer system and he has a brain!  We have government run healthcare, called the va. What a catastrophe there!
There's a word in "Single Payer" and that's "payer". The VA is an actual healthcare provider vs just a payment system. Huge difference!
Wonder who is making the payment?   Spin it twist it lie about it.  What ever makes you feel better.  Spade is a spade in to me!
Even though @RandPaul Rand and @SenSanders have disagreements... I think both are going to be the future of the Dems and Reps....
Exactly, Rand actually has a plan. Why don't you put forth your health care plan? Oh that's right, you don't have one. #StandWithRand
Your just a old stubborn man who needs to quit politics. Shut up. Media polls on healthcare aren't true either.
Yes! You are clueless and greedy
#ShadySanders enjoy the investigation.
Nope
They still buy the Russia investigation that never started, of a collusion they have no proof of because it's all lies & distraction.
#BankFraudBernie
@RandPaul Does yr conservatism/capitalism mean neglect of the unprivileged. Y, Throw them out on the streets! No Sen. U R being inhumane.
His make sense for the middle class, yours make sense for the poor & rich by making the middle class pay for the healthcare of the poor.
she's correct!What about free health care?R they afraid more people will live instead of dying?their making us sick 2make $$$$$$
Great message Bernie, but I kept getting distracted by the video game soundtrack. ADD is a pre-existing condition though.
Socialism is actually pretty wonderful if married to responsible capitalism (see: Scandinavia, most of Europe, every other Indust Nation.)
Thank God!
Senator Rand Paul is much smarter about it.
How socialist health care kills:
How socialist healthcare kills:
My Wife ( low income ) has been chucked from your Oboma care soooo Bite me
Do you have different ideas on bank fraud as well? I bet you do.

#BankFraudBernie
A gulag is where they sent people to die; much more representative of the Republican health plan.  Bad analogy Rand.
Rand Paul all the way
This is your idea of #Healthcare #BankFraudBernie
Sen. Paul doesn't understand capitalism. Even Adam Smith knew social goods need subsidizing as a free market would not supply adequately.
Do you have different ideas on bank fraud as well?
Indeed.. @SenRandPauI has thoughtful and LEGAL solutions, while all you know is how take one person's money and give it to someone else.
What about Hillary?
Go away
Wish u oga
You hate America Bernie. You're all about power to compel with gov guns backing you up & you know it. Sick Communist. Move to Venezuela
Thank God he does. If you had your way we could all be in the same shoes as Charlie Gard and his family. What a travesty. Do you understand?
Bernie, come on, you don't even believe what you say!
Democrats rather worry about Trump twitting than get America Family's great HealthCare..
Understandable. One is a Doctor the other is a leech.
Because he's a fan of capitalism not socialism.
Yeah, one of you is a smart MD who knows what he's talking about and the other is a fraud under investigation 
Thank you for all your hard work.  Thank God for you, Bernie!
Look at the costs of CA's single payer - unsustainable on the nat'l level. Govt shouldn't be in healthcare at all - look at the VA
I think Americans should demand that we take away @RandPaul taxpayer funded healthcare. My hard earned $ better spent 4 those who need it.
amazed how many ingnorant politicos, do not understand the differences between socialism, democracy, communism- the problem is corruption
Republicans only seem to care about people making $200.000. Scrooges, mostly.
I've start new companies in the UK not the US. Reason is the hidden payroll tax of health insurance. Some socialism helps capitalism.
Yeah. Starting with it's not your job to provide my healthcare. Stay out of my bedroom and my healthcare.
#BankFraudBernie
right Socialism is Not a good idea...4 Gangsters & HOARDER Scumbags that is!
Yeah, in your fantasy land everything is free, Rand will smoke your ass in a live debate without the partial editorial.
And why isn't every single American who this is going to impact going to respond with outrage to this Republican effort?!
Rand Paul is a doctor... You're a thief, Bernie.
Yep! And guess which one has the power to make things happen? NOT YOU! #MAGA
Thank God someone is willing to stand up and fight against Tyranny! @RandPaul
If people starve, like they always do under socialism, then there are a lot less people to treat and costs go way down. #brilliant
Isn't @SenRandPauI a REAL doctor? So people should believe a person under FBI bank fraud investigation OVER a doctor? Nope!
Ok here's the thing about healthcare: Reps want ppl to be able to choose whether or not they want insurance rather than mandate it. Ok cont.
But who in this country doesn't need health insurance? Ppl who believe they are healthy, ppl who want to use their money to buy iPhones. Ok
But that doesn't prevent them from having an unplanned medical need. It's something everyone could have. So what happens then?
Someone is paying to keep that person alive, yeah? Are the Reps really proposing that if someone chooses not to pay for health ins they die?
Funded by taking away medical coverage from ppl that really need it. I'm sorry, but that's not ok with me. It's not a 'gulag', it's American
What is your definition of NEED?
Also, hows your FBI criminal bank fraud investigation going? Going to lose your real estate empire? Those lawyers cost big $.
i personally prefer Dr. Pauls solution. The less gov't the better. Free market, free choice. Better than Euro systems where you wait forever
#gulag #cofveve
Don't care. Your ideas are what is wrong with America.
why don't you use the stolen money to pay for everyone's healthcare...retire you hack
Can't even get that right can you- SOCIALISM FAILS EVERY TIME IT'S TRIED!
Maybe a little bank fraud will help pay for those doctor bills. Ammirite?
Rabd Paul works for insurance co. Profit.
That because he's a doctor and you're just an old hippie with he common sense of a rock.
@SenatorRandPaul wants a Davy Crockett hat & a musket or the wild west: survival of the fittest or has the most wealth putting US at bottom
FBI is calling on ya phone, pls pick up.
Yeah he has good ideas an you and your wife get rich by embezzling. You socialist yellow toothed kook
Yes they are. He want to enable free markets to provide the best and cheapest health care to consumers while you want huge govt.
You do not have a right to someone else's labor mr. Sanders
That's an understatement...u just want free SH*T and he wants people to pay their fair share. What a messed up theory. PAY UR OWN WAY.
Healthcare is a right? Well the government doesn't have healthcare to give so they take from me to give to someone else. That's not a right.
as always, great arguments - but please, please lose the tacky dramatic music. one reality show host in politics is enough.
Who cares if America is the only major country without a state-sponsored health plan? Are we to mimic all other countries failures?
Free and fraudulent?
I side w/ Bernie but it's wrong to say Rand & Bernie have very different ideas on HC. Bernie & What Trump is trying, THAT is very Different.
Actually most European countries allow health insurances to make huge profits.If you're going to blow your trumpet,get it right @SenSanders
thank God for it too! Hold strong @RandPaul! #DemocratsLiesMatter  #RepealDoNotReplace #ShadySanders #BankFraudBernie
Democratic socialism is a GREAT idea!
#CrazyBernie Sanders #BankFraudBernie
I don't think so. He is just in denial
Stealing money from people who earn it & redistributing it 4 votes is theft & despicable
U fucking con man
#BankFraudBernie
#ShadySanders
Dr Rand Paul's words are antithetical to our medical ethics @CHC_Nevada
Constution does not include a RIGHT to health care. HC is a personal expense. U want socialized medicine? Move to Venezuela.
Tell u what @SenSanders . Keep OCare but give ppl option to buy insurance on the free market and let's see which one they choose. Deal?
Only keep Obamacare if the subsidies stop.
yup, get gov't out of healthcare.
cockroach
What would you know about providing healthcare? At least Sen. Paul is a doctor
Bernie Sanders needs to worry about his corrupted wife & stop slamming everybody else!
How about you can tell us what we need when you live like the rest of us...and aren't under investigation for fraud.
would you appoint Jane to help run anything? But, Obamacare is already going under. Doesn't need any help.
The only difference being Doctor @RandPaul  has ideas based on medical science rather than social engineering and govt theft of resources.
Bernie should go help Venezuela. He's done all he can here.
You aren't in his league.
Bank Fraud Bernie has never held a job a day in his life; hasn't even passed 4 bills. Rand Paul is a doctor. You need economic lessons.
Healthcare needs to include all lawmakers, and government employees. What is good for the people should be good for Washington!
Thank you Bernie
if health Care is 100 percent Free in Alberta Canada, why can't it be for everyone world wide! It can be done!
Bern Dog...the music...it's a bit much. But @RandPaul's crap about the gulag is even worse. Hey Rand. Grow up.
Yep...and he's right...what does that make you Mr. Sanders?
I so hope you get indicted
YA, RAND PAUL HAS AN IDEA, AND ALL YOU HAVE IS A BUNCH OF BULLSHIT, YOU CROOKED OLD COOT!
Obama already gave Free Healthcare to non-working people   Which is paid by working middle class. How do you take that free gift away?
good point Sen Sanders
Haha keep producing propaganda for what's left of your mindless followers. Like the perfect little Communist apparatchik he is; bank fraud!!
Nobody is listening Bernie
. Stop pandering, nothing is FREE
Crazzzzzy bernie is a worthless p.o.s loser
Isnt this the crooked comi bastard under investigation. What right does he have ro talk. Why does he have a job ans not a cell?
Once again, somewhat unsurprisingly, Sen. Rand Paul is embarrassing himself. @RandPaul
Then I'll go with the actual DOCTOR
We know. You want us to be stuck with sub par care while you empty our wallets to pay for it. No thanks. #SocialismSucks #CommunismSucks 
He's right and you are a dangerous socialist.
Maybe if you ever worked for a living, you would feel differently?
Rand Paul is a creepy guy, but can we talk about that background music??? #Epic
Sounds about right
Sure you do.DR.Rand Paul has medical knowledge,you learned to tout from socialist papers.Big difference.Join Venezuela
This is pathetic. CNN should be ashamed of themselves for not challenging Bernie Sanders. #FakeNews #SocialismSucks
The Affordable Care Act was “designed to fail.” https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiAZfk6nWks … #FullRepeal
I rather believe an actual doctor than a communist who settled after a rigged DNC election and ripped off a college. Take take take
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together. See how they run like pigs from a gun......I am the walrus.
Yet you haven't explained rands point at all. Only one said, his is far better, yet you ignore. If urs is so great y not tell your ppl his?
You and Dr. Paul have very different ideas on liberty... he wants it.
Single payer cannot ever work with people coming to the United States illegally and taking advantage of the social services.
What about a public option?
Yes Bernie..keep up your good work. We need you!
Gov't subsidization of all the service industries! Did you know that if we made everybody subscribe to Netflix more people would have it :)
coming from a man under fbi investigation who allowed the dnc to steal a nom from him..who bought your second house for you?
SO ASHAMED OF KENTUCKY'S LEADERSHIP. SICKENING. LITERALLY
Bern, you realize he is a REAL DOCTOR and you are just an angry, disingenuous old, white socialist who lied to your supporters?
U r from different species. Still trying to figure out ur planet
Thank goodness! @SenSanders You're a socialist that wants to undermine and destroy the American way! @RandPaul 
One has to wonder, why Socialism is talking about giving rights to all the people,like health care, does that sound bad for you, Reps?
Maybe you should have ran independent instead of supporting that wall street puppet
Well, he is a doctor...you have never held a real private sector job. Your idea is a GIANT single payer program government take over..
Yeah you're a socialist and that doesn't jive with the United States.
Yes urs sucks & stinks  u better worry abt carting bread to jail for ur wife not healthcare dude
Said the senator of the doctor; jeez, what a nightmare this nation had become
Thank God for Rand Paul
Government is NOT responsible to provide healthcare for everyone. It's another form of control. Legislate so we can afford our own coverage.
Sure Bank fraud Bernie .
Bernie let me know when you're in Chicago. I'd love to work with you
Well, he is a real doctor and you are a millionaire socialist under investigation for bank fraud...
He's a doctor and you're a charlatan I would hope you have different ideas
Yes, you want to destroy America.  Rand wants to keep it free and strong.
Right,yours are all wrong #OCare dying #Venezuela dying #USSR died
Seeing that he IS a Dr. and you are not, I think he has a far better understanding of what really works.Yours is wishful thinking.
Your idea of healthcare over the last 8 years led to 64000+ vet deaths of neglect. That was a @BernieSanders plan. Let vets die for you.
We also lead the world in medical innovation and technology, and we lead the world in cancer survival.
@RandPaul must have "electile" dysfunction. #BrainlessVote
Thank you @SenSanders for all you do !
you have a different idea about truth Bernie, you think lying is truth
