That's because they don't get the treament they need. Put on waiting list. Nothing compares to US we should kiss the ground we walk on
Totally untrue.
I talked to nurse up there 1 year to see neurologist another year for surgery. I don't think she was lying. system worksifyou don't get sick
You, an anonymous bot, talked to some nurse about something. That doesn't even count as anecdotal.
Yep, talked to nurse in Calgary while in hospital there. Terrible wait times for surgery. That's ok. You stay up there for your healthneeds
Thanks I will Little Anonymous Trumpbot. Congrats on googling "other cities in Canada besides Toronto".
just flew out of Calgary last week. couldn't wait to get home. Met some nice people up there and Alberta beef is the best. Hospital not so
That's too bad. How much did it cost you?
Can they afford to wait for months? Why do they go to USA for cancer treatments?
That happens far more rarely than youve implied
It happens, more than 40,000 annually
So hypothetically, ignoring untruth in your number, if a quarter of the population required medical attention, what % does 40000 represent
So if government rationed medicine is great why 40,000? Damn the percentage, make your own choices
1) it's not rationed
2) as a Canadian I have a 0.11% chance of needing or electing to receive care in the US

It's rare af. Take the L
Yes it is, it happens, get back in your progress cult line, your masters control you
The cult of facts will always defeat your cult of denial and error. Muricans is last bastion of unsocialized medicine
Six months later when they finally see the doctor they aren't sick anymore.
Nope, no wait times like that.
Tell that to Canadians who have been waiting
I live hear and I've never heard of anyone waiting six months to see a doctor.
If you've never heard of them they must not exist, because you know everyone in Canada.
Lol.  Correct.  But you somehow do.
I never made that claim
https://twitter.com/RealDavidTafoya/status/908066891238797312 …
SO CANADA SPEAKS FOR THE USA?   30 MILLION OF THEM VS 330 MILLION OF US?  LOL!   We should STOP TAKING THEIR PATIENTS in the USA.
Nice of you to stick up for the unnessecary bonuses for CEOs in the private healthcare system...
Lol...you DO know your fed govt gives them billions & billions, right?  Dems love big ins & pharma to drug u. Hillary makes $$ in speeches
In America, where is all that extra money going? It's going to the CEO buying that vacation house, or that second yacht. How is this moral?
That's called capitalism. A CEO of a billion dollar company with thousands of employees deserves a salary reflective of the responsibilities
Not when it comes at the expense of thousands of individuals health & life's. We should value human life over the checks of middle-men.
The employees of those healthcare insurers, providers, and pharma cos don't count? Who do you think is responsible for jobs in this country?
Insurance companies do not need to be profiting off of finding ways to not give sick people money for care. What kind of business is that?
There is no insurance policy in any line of business that provides covg for every event. Ins  cos do need emps and they need to pay them.
In a single-payer system everyone would be covered & healthcare would not have to be rationed on the basis of wealth. I think that's moral.
And thousands jobless.
Bernie Sanders interview circa 1987
How come Canadians come to US for healthcare if it's free?? 1 Canadian HC won't allow care, 2 They don't want to wait a yr to get treatment!
Maybe an occasional tummy tuck or boob job. CA uses their health care for those who need it.
In US you go to ER, get zero tests/bloodwork, just fluids & benadryl for an hr & leave with a $2,300 bill. (Insurance has $5,000 deductible)
But Americans don't wanna pay the taxes for it... 
And that's another reason it won't work, every thing in America except public schools is designed to make a profit.
#Sanders #Greens push #SinglePayerHealthcare via #tax hike on #middleclass to benefit crackpot intending ultimately to dump socialhealthcare
American doctors tend to not worry either. Theyll get the money no matter who's life they ruin.
Love our medical system in Canada! #proud to be #Canadian
US medical dominance will take a major hit when the most intelligent no longer want their salaries set by government controlled insurance
The US does not have medical dominance
Look at Denmark Sweden Norway Germany for statistics that refute your statement
Yes look to their stats lol.. u can't even work as a dr. With a degree from one of these countries, yet I can go work there anytime I choose
The only argument against universal healthcare in America, how are private providers going to replace their $1.6 Trillion in profits?
Exactly. Unfortunately, as long as big business is in the mix, its unlikely to happen. They'll buy voted against it.
Do wish  covered mental health care,eye glasses,orthotics,auditory needs,drug coverage for all.

they also pay for it in increased taxes. How much more are you willing to pay?
Canada can stay out of our business. Their universal healthcare has ruined them and now they want same for us. #TakeTheRedPill
Canada is doing great! Thanks for your concern. #proud to be #Canadian
Do you see the Doctor very frequently or have any major illnesses how long do you wait to see a doctor?
If I need an appointment, I get it right away. We have a great medical system here in Canada.
https://www.usnews.com/news/best-countries/articles/2016-08-03/canadians-increasingly-come-to-us-for-health-care …
So if you are just going in for a cold. Then good. But more extensive care will take longer than here
Not true, I had detached retina, saw eye doctor that day, saw specialist afternoon, had surgery next day. Love our medical system!
Well if you love it. Then that should count for something. Im sure other Canadians may disagree. But if it works for you. Then thats good.
The doctors I see don't speak English. They've all come from foreign countries to be trained in the US. Where are US doctors now?
With my recent child, we spent 30 min answering questions about money. Meanwhile there was an emergency 17 yr old going into labor in line
Behind us. In pain. With two EMT's on either side of her. I felt so bad. Every question asked was more pain she had to endure. Bull shit.
I asked if we could just go after her and start over. The answer was no. (she did show up after we already started the process). Fucked up
We have the NHS, just saying
Britain has the NHS for public medical care. One of the many things you can put your billions of tax dollars into replicating
It cost me $6500 out of pocket after insurance to birth my son. The hospital asked for PAYMENT before they even would admit me for birth.
Yes medicate is good for Canada But if you need an operation the waiting time can be deadly.
FOR THE RECORD & without partisan spin, here's how long Canadians of different regions wait for medical procedures:
http://waittimes.cihi.ca/ 
Canada out here showing off!
That's true. But how high are their taxes or medical insurance? How long do they have to wait for treatment? Compare apples to apples.
If you have no compassion for your neighbor, how do expect us to be just society?
A just society
Same in Australia. Just do it USA!
Im so lucky to be born in Canada. I wish the USA would follow suit.
Where is Hillary on this.... oh right she is talking about herself and her book. Not about the citizens she represents.
#gaspriceswillskyrocket



Same here in the UK, Thank God for the NHS or my entire family would be in the poor house,  and we all work full time.
In America, u hv to show proof u can pay or hand over your first-born. If not, u lv w/a bandaid when u require surgery
Well if you want to be like Canada move to Canada... and you can do it illegally as well since most that want this also like daca

If your so worried that they could pay, do the work for free... Oh... you're only generous with my $... NICE! Humanitarian of the year.
I pay 2k a month for healthcare and I don't complain at all.  Gov run healthcare is a horrible idea and should "NEVER" be allowed to happen
Emma McL and Wayne Reid yes it does happen .. I know a few who have had cancer treatments in the USA and successful treatments ...
#MedicareForAll
Our healthcare - https://youtu.be/iYOf6hXGx6M  - from this article - http://www.cbc.ca/beta/news/world/dr-danielle-martin-gives-washington-a-lesson-on-canadian-health-care-1.2570872 … @CBCToronto  @SenSanders   @BernieSanders
Jimmy Martin of Philly:
 
"You're taking more from me?
#cdnpoli Canada's public health care system is our Number One Wonder of our Built Environment. It shows that Canada is a caring country.
It will be like the VA where people die because of delayed care
I had an allergic reaction to a medicine: tachycardia. On the bottle it said to seek immediate medical attention, if this side effect...
Occurred. I was uninsured at the time, took a Benadryl, & didn't go to the hospital. I'm lucky to be alive, but have had chronic heart....
Issues since. Irregular bouts of tachycardia & PVCs.
Please ask her why an ALS patient in Kenora, Ontario is locked in with Alzheimer's patients!
 Dr. Martin
As patients we never question if we can afford to get treatment, if we need to see a dr we call and make an appointment
IT ALSO WEAKENS, CERTAINLY DOESNT ENHANCE YOUR SKILLS IF YOU CANT USE THEM
Bravo. Make this go viral!
No you get paid no matter what! It used to be that doctors treated the poor for free before socialist BS. Privilege of status and wealth.
No but many die before their distant appointment.
I totally agree my friends in Scotland same thing
Yes, bc in canada, the government dictates what meds you get. Drs have no choice and pts have fewer options!
Yeah . Here people just don't go to the doctor because they can't afford it
Tell that to any ER nurse/doctor. Probably not going to get much agreement from them.
No . I'm being literal . I have friends that are sick that can't afford to go to the doctor .
Medicaid eligible? Or, truly go to the ER. By law, hospitals can't turn ER pts away
Isn't Medicaid a government social program ?
Yes, but no limits on medicines or doctors' choices for therapy
So you're in fact saying that Medicare for everyone here would be AWESOME !!! Thank you 
