We need to take care of our people here at home. Puerto Rico and California.
I agree...but these people have been killing each other for centuries...how do you stop that?
Yemen collapsed under Obama, Hillary sent arms to all those rebels now killing innocent people.  What the fuck are you talking about 
USA has been selling arms to the Saudis for decades.  Why would we sell arms to rebels and those arms used to kill our own? good try
We know Saudi has been funding terrorist.  They are just like Iran in that way.  Your point is not relevant.  We should not be selling arms
Iran doesn't fund terror?  
Why do you support the war in Yemen?
@jnj_kahl No decent human could disagree so why don't Americans unite and take to the streets to stop the killing?
What Happened to the Antiwar Movement?:
and also stop funding/supporting israels colonization/theft of palestine. #BoycottIsrael
Palestine? Where's that?
Then how a/b ending support for Saudi genocide & calling-out McCain & Graham's Arsenal for selling Whiskey Pete & DU ammo to ISIS senator?
Do you realize the Awans tipped off ISIS in Yemen & sent #RyanOwens 2b KIA? They had time to destroy evidence & dress as women b4 the raid.
a vid i made about kids killed by drones in yemen and pakistan

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pM-AsGQnpT8 …
Should’ve had a Right mind in the beginning...  should stop all wars if y’all started it hiding behind us the People
You mean " take back oversight from the generals in the field Trump gave it to"

HILLARY CLINTON WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BENGHAZI DEATHS; SHE DID NOT ANSWER THE SOLDIERS
REPEATED CALLS FOR HELP
How about the unconstitutional Iran deal 1st?
Nothing "unconstitutional" about making treaties with other countries. Diplomacy 101.
It's not considered a treaty. Hence Iran DEAL, not Iran TREATY. Read Article 2, Section 2, Clause 2.  That's Congress' job. Not King BHO.
trea·ty

a formally concluded and ratified agreement between countries.

synonyms:agreement, settlement, pact, deal, entente, concordat
Oh you mean with Saudi Arabia? They did that. We gave them billions of $ worth of weapons.
Yeah, bc compared w/ Iran, they're Boy Scouts. Still not a treaty!
And you're still a moron falling for fox news propaganda that Iran is somehow a massive threat to us so we should let them get nukes.
With a Democratic Congress it will happen, not before. With so much confusion, America’s in need of constant clarity on the issues.
On the other hand, Senate voted 86/100 in favor of massive war budget expansion gift to Trump, so Congress can't be trusted either.
Democracy.. People hold the power, majority rule. Nationwide online petitions anyone with a computer can vote on? Working on it.. #kingdom
How about you resign and we the people ask Potus to keep us safe while sessions prosecuted you and your wife for corruption
Notice how your supporters, aren't generally pro American or pro U.S. Citizen, and are members of the terrorist support countries? Telling.
Fight on against terrible wars
The Yemen people are NOT ''war casualties,'' Hypocritical how we tell our children not to bully others but we as adults are murders!
Yes, defund PP!
Democracy.. People hold the power, majority rule. Nationwide online petitions anyone with a computer can vote on? Working on it.. #kingdom
#Yemen
This is what they do New World Order they pray for evil they don't Kare the nation suffering dying causing more disaster than ever  history
Same Senate that voted, that they will not vote to control DC killing people around world?
Nobody GAF what you think...
You've been ineffective & irrelevant for the last 50 years...!!
#SaudiBombsChildren
#Yemen
Than you
#yemen
Maybe you could call for an end to U.S. support for the illegal zionistani jew OCCUPATION of #Palestine! But OF COURSE you won't!
How about you all start talking about the F...... DICTATOR in WH office @SenateDems Y r u all losing site of what is happening DO SOMETHING
You don't own a dictionary, do you?
#FreeHisham
@omeisy
What else "we" must end/begin? And who are "we"? We The People or You, their representatives? Time for proclamations/declarations has ended.
Lol we need to disband the union since govt can't abide by the constitution turn USA into 50 sovereign nations.
They will claim they are hunting terrorists. Nothing but appeasement to Saudi Arabia so they buy more US made bombs. disgraceful.
It seems to me we need to #help #people right here in the #USA. If U don't #care for your #own.How can U really help anyone?
Trump deceived people as if he was one of them, now the true identity is showing,he  for big business,arms sales, no respect for human right
On ferme les yeux car il s'agit des coupeurs de têtes (Saoudiens). La France a même décerné la Légion d'Honneur ! Quel déshonneur !
Courage
For once I agree with Bernie's intern.

@RepRoKhanna 
@RepMarkPocan 
@RepThomasMassie 
@RepWalterJones…
Thank you Senator Sanders.@SenSanders
I Agree
Millions R DEAD?  
or.... boot out the Free Trade Imperialists altogether. Kick their asses back to London and Rome.
Yes! Get your friends on national tv and tell the folks wtf is going on! #tellonthem
How long can US base its economy on death trade of arms' use sale&supply since same is bound to end with end of US's supremacy&exploitation
Judging how congress has functioned my whole life, I barely trust you guys to hand out valid drivers licenses let alone stop a war.
so you want helpless people to suffer even more??
I agree Bernie: get out of the middle East altogether and let them fight each other.  Support the rational states in the area.
More of this, please. Can't talk capital without talking empire
Why just Yemen? Every war since 1945 has been unconstitutional.
For our sake, stop all of them. Let Lockheed languish.
and from all the wars and the foreign bases and the torture camps,... on and on it goes.
Another genius idea from an idiot
Just FYI...your aides that tweet are horrible
Didn't you back Saudi Arabia
the rich and powerful will never ever let us live without a war somewhere ever
or isis in syria as well
No congressional oversight you guys pick you arses all day
Then the US SENate NO longer Needed!
ITs Time for ApocalypticThinking GOV't.
FINALLY! something nearly everyone can agree with. DT cut funding to CIA ops in Syria, now let's cut Saudi out of the mix once and for all.
Let's America rules instead of few millionaires from Israel and the weapon industries. Where are the jobs, the health and education??
That Yemen is such tragedy! Why is that beautiful country being destroyed and murdered?
Yes! And while your at it let's address the outrageous militarization aspects of Obama's Pivot to Asia practices which included armament sales & gifts, forward deployment of US military assets (incl. Guam) & enhanced military to military exercises, which exacerbated hostilities.
Didn't Barack Hussein Obama start that? Mmm, seems he thinks he's above the LAW/CONSTITUTION! BHO has had a pattern of this ie O'care.Please
Too little, way too late...

The United States is the biggest violator of international law and the worst wager of aggressive war since the Nazis.
We here in the U.S love to bomb people in foreign land, places that 90% of our citizens cannot locate on a map, but our bombs spread democracy and human rights unlike the bad guy's bombs.
Sincerely
The fake christians of America.
What is it that Yemen has the our corporate greed mongers want to exploit?  Oil?  Gold?  Silver?  There has to be something.
Seriously? Like another US politician's word could worths something. If you are the man then start with cancelling 110 Bn deal with Saudis
We need to end All Wars! Killing each others children for What?! Profits of the few.  We need a Peace Plan, not new War plans.
Where was all this concern about all these topics the 8 years Obama was in charge
Didn't Obama start it?
Oh the group that can't agree on anything don't think so I'll rely on our pres and military leaders
This might be the only smart thing you've ever tweeted
We must end US support 4 Iran, Cuba and other countries that want 2 harm us. Focus on maga not globalism
Of course like the oversight you’ve had over the VA all these years?? That’s worked out swell for vets. Lol @potus
Many people are not interested in you. You are a known backstabber.
Yes plus get control of our country back from the globalist that control people like you
You must do your job someday!
Where were you when Rand was speaking out on this issue?
Yes please Sir, we need your voice and every other honorable voice to end the humanitarian crisis in #Yemen
War crimes are committed in Yemen by the Saudis and of course using US weapons and ammo. Yes, totally agree to end this brutal war
There must be a stupidity bug that has affected he kinds of all you Trump cultists.
The war results in less US casualties and less terrorism.A fact proven by Bush.The only downside was the damage of foreign aid.
Congress is incapable of providing oversight on anything.. Truly dysfunctional organization..
Congresd couldnt oversee  a boxing match
Bernie, Bernie what are we to do with your war mongering. Who would have thunk it?
giving away our military strength n support for allies, n let islamic terrorists take over is not good. pls stick to ur utopian socialist-ideas, but pls tell us how much they will cost. we the ppl want LESS GOVT, LESS TAXES, no to mandates, no to socialism.
This was under obama's regime another mess that our current president has to clean up. Thank goodness you are not in power you imbecile
Damn Bernie you're all over the place.  Confused much?
Your president is all over the place 24/7.
Hypocrisies: Yemeni genocide/cops killing innocents; nuclear N Korea and Iran/Hiroshima and Nagasaki; Kremlin Klan Konspiracy/voter ID laws.
We must return govt to its constitutionally defined role.  We must also demand accountability of our elected representatives. (You, Bernie).
Oh shut up go do some work don't your wife have a bank to embezzle somewhere
Doesn't your president have some more fake news to spread?
Finally!  Something I can agree with Bernie
Without war and killing America and the Jews would fade away. A weak parasite of a country like Israel exists because of a stupid US nation.
Bernie 2020!
Youre right again senator we need to halt support for the terrible inhumane war taking place in yemen NOW/TODAY/and the next day tomorrow
Agreed Bernie, but that’s far from your biggest concern. You must end this presidency right now. It’s bringing America down, deep down...
Lol, where were you during Obama's 8 years.  Hypocrite.
You are really old. Have you thought about your death? I was a CCU nurse I've seen hundreds die. You will not die peacefully too much guilt.
Something BS says that I actually agree with.  Who woulda thought.
Bernie, why do you want to associate yourself with all these warmongering Democrats? They don't accept you anyways.
I see Fraudster you dug deep into your fear mongering bag for this tweet. Do something to help the AMERICAN people hypocrite. #MAGA!!
Big papa would stop interfering long time ago and use the money it has cost for healthcare and infrastructure in USA,let NATO and UN do that
Congress can't see anything Bernie y didn't u tell obama yrs ago
Shut up Bernie
funny, you didn't have any trouble when bath house Barry was bombing 7 different countries during his tenure. #HypocriteBerntard
About. Fucking. Time.

Your foreign policy has shifted in the right direction since 2016, but still has a lot of room for improvement.
Mr. Obama gave lots of drone support
Yep. And yet the idiot president of US calls Iranians a terrorist nation. He is simply a son of a bitch
And I'll flap my arms and start flying. Good luck, Senator.
Term limits
people are sick of this guy
You’re a fraud: you could have contested Democratic primaries stolen by HC but you chose to stand down.  You no longer have any credibility
@AbouDjaffar je sais bien que tu n'en peux plus d'en parler mais que @SenSanders le fasse est plutôt significatif, non ? Qu'en penses-tu ?
You sure do talk alot about the things we must do bern.  I never hear you talk about how you plan to do them.
Then you're clearly not listening.
Golly, you must have been in coma for the Obama years, huh? Just now coming out of it? Convenient
You better start concerning yourself with this fool in office,starting a war with Iran and North Korea!
You guys have to remove AUMF from policy. That's how you stop the POTUS going to war without Congress.
Bernie how about America first. Care about citizens of these United States. I have never herd you talk about Vermont citizens. You represent
Citizens of these United States are dying in these wars and losing billions in taxes fighting them. Ending our wars IS putting Americans 1st
But first, we must get high
You had 8 years #ObamaFail
We must stop kissing Saudi's ass... that is a good start!
Dont 4get #Iraq;#Libya;#Syria;#Somalia;#Niger etc...
Oh just like Puerto Rico huh? Doh
he US has spent roughly $3.9 billion per month for 16 years on the war it has been waging in Afghanistan.
And Obama extended by pulling out prematurely,guess he's known for that,and not fighting Daesh . he created a worse strep.muslimbrotherhood
You guys aren’t very good at your jobs.
USA      ARE   SO  TILL I   INVENTIN  U TRY
What?
Maybe toss in Iraq and Afghanistan too...
Yes, thank you!
