Why don't people realize the more money people make the more they will spend which will help grow the economy?  It's basic math.
Very little left over. I managed fast food for a year was not a lot of profit at the end of the day.
If people are making more money, across all industries, they will be spending more money across the board, including fast food restaurants.
Sorry not how it works in total. You can't squeeze blood from a turnip. Usually not enough meat on the bone to pay people more in service
I own a restaurant.  The more money people have the more they spend at my place.  It's not that difficult.
And I pay my employees a very good wage.  They are spending that money all over the community which builds the local economy.
But then your menu prices must be high then.
15 bucks for a dinner.  Our busser makes more than that per hour.
How are people still paid this...10 years ago I made this working at the mall. How is it not increasing with inflation in 10 years
The minimum wage or even wages in general haven't gone up with inflation in decades! If it did the minimum wage would be $26 an hour today!
$26 per hour sounds great til you see a big Mac meal at $27.50 and small fry at $6.  Etc....
yeah if we went frm 7.25 to $26 immediately. That would never happen. Lets b realistic though. We arent talking about that leap in practice
Never said that we should go to $26 now! I said that if wages had risen along with the inflation & the cost of living it would be $26 today!
That's just a fact! Inflation & cost of living goes up every year yet wages have stayed stagnant for decades! It should not be this way!
Their is no reason why in the richest country in the history of the world we can't start to raise the minimum wage to a liveable wage!
Oh & one last thing buddy don't forget to look at the meme above as it blows your Big Mac & fries narrative out the water!
That's why minimum wage jobs are starting jobs, people have to work to get what they need, nothing is free
Why do you hate poor people? Must be nice to be rich and privileged
Agreed. Ask Sanders about his recently purchased $600,000 cottage. Wonder if that cottage is in line with Sanders Marxist/Socialist beliefs?
What does what Sanders does with his personal money have to do with the original point made about minimum wage?
As a Marxist/Socialist he's good a telling everyone else what to do with their money. He doesn't live by his rules.
huh, never heard him telling anyone what to do with their money
What? The top 1%...You know Sanders is in Congress? What does Congress do? Little to nothing but spend taxpayers money.
ok, you're one of those that voted Trump in to see him blow up the government
Let us sacrifice our first born children to the great Communist States of Murica.  #insurancefraud

dam shame
Perhaps no minimum wage. People should be able to make consenting deals on earning based on skill levels and value of work done.
If the minimum wage of $7.25 is too low, then Senator Sanders pay is way tooooo high and should be reduced.
If you can't pay your employees a livable wage then you shouldn't have employees. Thank you @SenSanders for fighting for what's right.
I am so with you, a livable wage is a must. I want all to be secure and people are working hard and still can't pay bills.
You're paid what you're worth. It's a free market. If you are worth more you'll make more. Sorry about the truth.
That's grossly inaccurate. Many companies don't pay what "you're worth" & they don't compensate for inflation. They pay themselves well tho.
A CEO is grossly overpaid while they get tax breaks. Gilded age, it seems.
Instead of hating the CEO go be CEO and work for nothing. Start a new trend. What, too hard to become a CEO? Too much work? Paid your worth
CEOs used to make about 10x what their employees made. Now it's about 300x. See the difference?
Yes I'd love to be a CEO!
Sure let's raise the wage to 1,000/hr, we would all be rich, it would work so perfectly! Wow. Bernie could save the world with this one.
Its a balancing act here, only the extremist are touting such nonsense of 1000/hr if you ask for 15/hr, polarization of both ends fails.
Wage increase laws tend to put more people out off work, and make work conditions harder for those who are able to keep jobs
This is false. Consider how min wage law came to be, which is through organizing in the 1930s, people still got employed anyways.
We need maximum wage to halt the gap between the rich and poor. Minimum wage is a scam created by the rich all bullshit
And you are getting your info from Bernie Sanders.  Who has more homes than you and his wife is under investigation for fraud
We're u born into poor family? On drugs? Terrible school? No internet? We need economic justice. Do all people have same brain? @RonWyden
When, will someone step up to the plate and take care of the people that live here, pay taxes, fight n die for our freedom? U.Sanders of A!
Medicare for all would ease employers costs and would probably pay for a raise with added savings#Medicare for all
We're not that stupid we see what happened when Seattle raised to the $15. min. wage.... FAIL!!  You Socialists always talk BS!
Boohoo.  My three kids worked full time.  College full time.  And so did we.  Yes tired.  But these are choices we make
Bush, schummer, graham, etc...) to run this country. And it's for the end of identity politics and political correctness which has destroyed
Have you raised your intern's wags from $12/hr to $15 yet?
How about reducing business taxes for agreed increase in the minimum wages to $15-20hr?
If minimum wage kept up with production, it would be $26/hr.
Now you tell me why our economy is stuck in debt. It's time for career politicians who have no place running a business let alone a country
i dont believe trump even knows what the minimum wage is.he could never live on that.
Perhaps she should have gotten a better job.
well higher pay is always better but there shud be some formula like inflation cost of living and index to guide the issue automatically
It takes 2 seconds of Googling to find that the minimum wage WAS ALWAYS meant to be a living wage, first passed during the Great Depression.
Considering FDR prolonged the Great Depression by 8 years, in not going to listen or take about his tales on economics.
I'm*
I wonder how that bank fraud investigation is going...
You cannot raise wages by fiat. Look at what happened in Seattle when minimum wage was increased to $15/hr:
Facts, reality mean nothing to unproductive career politician. Especially a Marxist/Socialist like Sanders.
Honest question - are you a pure troll, or just willfully ignorant?
It's obvious from the number of posts you're making that you have plenty of time on your hands...
Why not spend some of it learning about actual way things are? Why spend all your time spreading your own ignorance?
The money squeezers for middle class are: housing, health care, college and childcare. $15 hour wont be enough if they are not controlled.
Hmm I wonder why this country broke! Along with all the failed wars bush and Obama profited off of. And creating so many regulations
2) to urban, suburban, & rural areas which reflect different costs of living. Local Community Action Agencies have living wages 4 the area.
She has the right to find employment elsewhere.
I didn't realize work was a right in the US! That sounds more communist than capitalist.
The right to offer your labor to whoever you want is distinctly not communist whatsoever.
Economic Apartheid: Why do we charge humans to live on this planet?  Or are we charged to duty of upholding the status of the elite?
tell em king
You wanna work at Burger King all your life? Then except minimum wage hard mode BUNCH OF LOAD.
Also none of however many out of the 15,000,000 + illegal immigrants that are working aren't paying taxes yet still get the same benefits.
Bernie is right, as usual.
Time for the government to take the stand on the side of the people, not big business.
That Obama created a monopoly in every single market.
Trying to debate/discuss basic economics with a Bernie supporter is like discussing individual liberty with Kim Jung Un
To retire and compitent people who can balance a budget and and run a profitable business without stealing from it ( clintons, pelosi, obama
No shit that's what unchecked illegal immigration does to an economy. Low wage workers flood the market not allowing wages to increase.
You're right. Economic Justice should be DEMS rallying cry @SenBlumenthal @SenWarren @RonWyden @PattyMurray @nytopinion
This country. It's time for common sense!!!
Gee, flippin burger was once a entry level job for teenagers to earn some extra money. Was never intended to be a career choice
blame impeached bill clinton for quadrupling the work visas. letting foreign workers take good paying jobs.
Key detail: single mother of two.  Society needs to bail you out and thus incentivize destructive behavior?
Bernie is lying again.  State minimum wages are usually higher and apply to food service workers.
Great Plan to make robots great again
Minimum wage must be ELIMINATED. Free, consensual agreements an exchanges between employers and employees is a TRUE RIGHT. Tyranny.
I don't remember anyone thinking that a job in fast food was ever anything but an entry level job for new job seekers.  Move on 4 better pay
Sure. They just need to go on down to the job factory where they hand out any job you desire.
Yes
Don't raise entry level job wages, improve opportunities for mid level skills & job training
and get rid of to many work visas and deport those who are dogging their expired work visas working in america.
As Chris Rock said, "The only reason someone pays minimum wage is because it's against the law to pay less."
1)We need to determine the living wage for each county in the US. Apply that as the minimum wage and resurvey every 3 years. It will be fair
It wouldn't be fair not at all I bet you never had to balance payroll or owned a business.
so the progress tax now were rich pay a higher rate than the poor is not good enough?
well they tried that in connecticut and it resulted in 2k people a month leaving the state & resulting in a budget shortfall in the millions
or if it failed in one state it could easily fail in multiple states
i would see what works and spread that around several other state's
Apparently you are trying to destroy small business, the engine that drives employment.
A small business needs customers with money to buy your products
The more people make the more they'll have to spend. 1+1=2
The more the minimum wage is, the higher the unemployment rate.
Disagree.  The more $ people have-the more they'll spend- the more people needed to work to keep up with demand.
Yeah because that worked out great for local business and employees in Seattle. 
Don't show them real life examples. They don't like reality.
Rich get richer... it's disgusting
I would like to support bernie sanders but pushing for a 15 dollar minimum wage while paying interns 12 is hipocracy.
I didn't know interns were paid at all
There are paid and unpaid internships. Classified interns must pass FBI background check and are paid.
Bernie doesn't realize those jobs are made for teenagers and are entry level. They are never intended for career employees. Smh
Those "career" jobs are gone. Technology has replaced them . Ass
And that was my point. Working at Mcdonalds for $7.25 is not a career. try actually reading  before making asinine comments ASS
You missed my point ASS. Those vast swaths of jobs are gone. They emplyd millions of ppl. So what's left is fastFood, Walmart etc ASS lol
Yes ppl shouldn't start families on min wage. Kids R a privelage not a right.
I was in the military and now do police work. Stinkstick
Hey Bernie stop spitting out socialism and do like me pray for the people in Texas
Prayers don't help people. Consistently fighting for progress and justice does, and that's what Bernie does. Socialism isn't evil!
Here are a few socialist countries, and they have very high living standards: Denmark, Finland, Netherlands, Canada, Sweden, Norway, etc.
I'm not sure what you're talking about. The Netherlands is famous for its weed and hookers. Canada has legal weed too... And good healthcare
Haha touché. My country is the USA though, and we're moving toward legal weed too
Problem is those raised wages just go to increased rent, both need to be addressed.
No one worth their salt works at #minimumwage longer than a few months. If someone stays at $7.25, they likely can't hold down jobs.
Snowflakes. Learn to read simple graphs. Minimum wage hurts those it's intended to help.
Absolutely ridiculous that you can when 6 days a week and be homeless in America.... blame the republicans for that...
so this wasnt a problem 8 years ago? grow up.
I didn't say it wasnt a problem 8 years ago. It was and it still is...Bernie will sort it out.
so blame the republicans even though the democrats had a majority in congress and senate for two years and then senate for years later.
- under a democrat president obama. but still blame republicans when harry reid tabled most conservative legislation
Who's blaming the republicans?
my bad.
YOU ARE WELCOME TO PAY FOR IT OUTTA YUR OWN POCKET MR. COMMIE
Worry about a LIVING WAGE for Social Security recipients.
How's that working in Seattle

It's Financial slavery should be abolished makes no sense of government runs off taxes should increase wages
It is been purposely to enrich the corporate more & enslave the poor further
You pay them. I don't want to lose my job because some people think the
They deserve more for making McDoubles.
All six thousand of us must read 10 pillars of Communism to fix minimum wage!!!!!
Yes and so should social security?  Not enough money to live on to pay all bills, utilities  meds or be able to eat at least twice a day etc
Please learn how inflation and economics work you doe eyed hack. Also sell two of your houses and redistribute the funds.  where your  is
What else do people want free
Since 2009, salaries for seasoned exec assts have declined between 20k-40k while job descriptions heavily increase.
I prepared a spreadsheet for my mother in law to PROVE her daughter who works FT, IS IN POVERTY. The woman had no mercy or understanding.
Commendable work ethic, but a budget to see what expenses are taking up all of her $169.50/day ( $4,237.50/month) would be informative.
There should be no minimum wage. Jobs that pay $7 an hour aren't worth $15/hr.  Minimum wage jobs were never designed to raise a family with
follow ur own socialist values u could feed several families with the amount u make, it just inflates our money raising it. economics 101
How about you help some of these people out with some of the millions of dollars you made off the working people?
Everyone should at least get $ 25 per hour, free meds, free education, 8 weeks vacation, holiday bonus
Fran gets paid an average of 20% on every meal she serves + $7.25 per hour
Tell trump, in campaign he thought the min. Wage should be lowered
If minimum wage will help bring people out of poverty, why not just make it 100$? Why not 1000$?
Just tell all those poor 3rd world countries to increase their minimum wage too, I'm sure it will help them out.

If you increase salaries then prices will be increased. Min salary of $1300 is ok. Come in my country and work for $300 and prices are same
Economic slavery instituted by Democrats don't understand economics.
Begrudging anything to Sen. Sanders is disgraceful. He works tirelessly for better wages, health care.With $7.25 you croaked. Get a life.
the DEMOCRATS are never going to let you fix this.

Thank you, Sen. Your heart is displayed in your work, and that buoys my weary spirit every day.  Peace, love and gratitude. 
Our DoD ALWAYS has billions of $$$$ for 16 years in Afghanistan at taxpayer's expense. Stop that and give taxpayers a living wage!
$15/Hr is a start, healthcare, education, infrastructure, debt reduction... It never ends for US moving forward, building the future for....
If she truly loved her kids she'd give them up for adoption she can't afford them and shouldn't have them. Step 1 in getting out of poverty.
This has been the rate since 2009.  Kudos to Arizona, for letting the voters decide the minimum, and increased it to $10.00.
Sadly is the truth.
Bill that was free money he got
Minimum wage for a minimum skill minimum responsibility job.
Senator Sanders, $7,25 an hour, mean: Cut on health,education, food,clothes,electricity, transportation,vacation. So it’s economic slavery!
Go Bernie!
Sounds like from the story she makes 168.00 per day working 16 hrs  welcome to my world 
So true. Its disgusting. That here in America we still have homeless people. We need to do more.
stop wasteful government spending then and the taxes that take money away from those who work and pay for it! stop debasing the dollar!
Makes you wonder what the point of "job creation" is if the jobs created are utter garbage (i.e. Most jobs during so-called "recovery")
Sell your second home and give her the proceeds.  Put your money where your mouth is.
There shouldn't be a federal minimum it should be state driven
Ooooooo I know let’s just kill the poor, no more poor people yaaaaaa!!!!!, 100% less poverty in America how grand
Same in the U.K. People working all hours and not earning enough to pay the rent. Our economic system is failing most people
needs change
We could also abolish capitalism #justsaying
But what about vegan donuts?!?!
Also abolish those!
Can't wait to see you in #aurora next week. #feelthebern
Remember it was Obama who issued the ExecOrder to raise GovtContract minimum to $10.50 hr...why not make that the new min across the board?
If our working class could afford their bare necessities, their spending would go back into the economy by paying rent and buying goods!
NYS is poised to loose well in excess of 300,000 jobs because of the wage level increase. Great math Bernie
People need to be able to eat and pay rent and take care of there family and be able to get health care insurance
Agreed.  Let's pay Congess $7.25 per hour and see if they can live on it.
Focus on the underlying problem, Housing costs too much, Halve housing costs and we keep the current min wage. http://proposedsolutions.blogspot.com 
Those jobs have never considered a career or primary income jobs! They are designed for part time after school jobs or to pick up extra cash
How many people work for minimum wage and support a family?
Want to increase purchasing power for every worker? Lower taxes and eliminate needless regulations across the board.
I've been sick of this crap for years. Don't have sex if you can't afford the results. Don't blame me for your poor life decisions. Not mine
Fran needs to find another job.  Get a skill.  Get free college money.  Fran stop feeling sorry for yourself
Minimum wage for ENTRANCE level positions, not life-time careers.
It didn't work! We need better jobs. Fast food was never meant to be a career.
Then they'll just hire fewer people 
Should have gotten a better education.
California corrupted Democrats keep the wages down in California 
The number 1 predictor of poverty in America is single parent households. Marriage elevates entire families out of poverty
The only people who benefitted from NAFTA were the wealthy to be able to open a factory in Mexico cheap labor non existent environmental law
How can you promote an increase in minimum wage and only pay your own staff less than $15 hr?  RESIGN as Outreach Chair!
MOM AND POP SHOP COMPANIES CANT AFFORD THESE WAGES
Some have raised it . inside city limits only.. please explain why people in the county are to starve.. Kentucky only gave the raise in city
If you raise minimum wage don't you just increase unemployment?
Know what is also a starvation wage? $0. That is what many people will have to live on if you recklessly raise wages through State action.
How about you actually make it easier for businesses to afford to raise employee wages by cutting taxes and deregulating?
Uh maybe. They should move up in the workforce after highschool if they want better pay...
Republicans set standards like a limbo contest. Keep lowering the bar and praise what gets under...
A Universal Basic Income would be good too (and necessary in an ever-more-automated world)
That will help the growing number of entitled people who expect instant gratification & don't understand the concept of doing a good job!
Yes, the 8/10 Americans who are living paycheck to paycheck & can't save despite working their best 40+ hours a week. So entitled. 
That sounds like a spending problem, not an earning problem.
While some budgeting issues may be a factor, inability to save, unexpected expenses, etc. add undue strain. https://www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/americans-living-paycheck-to-paycheck/ …
So you are telling me that you believe 80% of workers are living paycheck to paycheck through no fault of their own???
No, but I'm certain at *least* 50% are through no fault of their own. How can someone get ahead when pay doesn't keep up w/ cost of living?
With our medical system being the way it is it could take 1 medical emergency then everything you worked hard all your life for can B gone.
Where is daddy?
Very true, this $7.25 is for half of hour
And when Fran loses her job?
Humans  need resistance to grow and mature .. what incentive would a people have if no reason to be better .
Steps must also be taken to prevent inflation.
Who is going to pay for it?
Bernie Sanders= (allegedly)Fights for poor and minorities, lives as far away from poor as possible in the Whitest state in the US!
Leslie Jones?
Bernie, you should know this simple economic 101. It's the market that states the wage. Thank ilegal immigration for lowering wages
What always amazes me is how quick the right is to remind people that a senator earns pretty good $, so he can't help?
I make more than minimum wage because I have a skill. Something I worked hard at. Flipping burgers isn't a skill at fast food restaurants.
Fran made choices in her life that employers are not responsible for.  She is not a slave.  Look for another job.
All you do is talk.  And lose elections for the Dems.  And help ur wife shut down colleges.  Time for u to head out to pasture, Mr. Spoiler.
LOL This guy and minimum wage hikes... What we need is deflation! Geeezzzuuusss! When will anyone ever look at the fed!
$15ph & i'll be getting 5$ meals out of a #redbox @ #CVS for 8$. Rent & services could priceDROP but then the RICH & GOV will 'go broke'!lol

You do know in Seattle, Washington and NYS the artificial min wage is a disaster - right?
And the cost of living is whats really strangling the middle class what is your solution to that.
The Humanity Party has even better solutions! Check them out at http://humanityparty.com 
The average age of school drop out 16 - people need to stay in school & get an education before they demand higher wages #quitschoolnodole4u
If you cant afford a $2 hotdog on a $7 dollar min wage, you won't be able to afford the $5 dollar hotdogs created by a $15 min wage
Easy to say when you don't understand economics. You're paid what your worth. Want more, improve yourself.
Bernie. Not often noticed. As a business owner, I NEED customers to make more $. The economy needs more disposable income in the pipeline.
People who cant find work because of artificially mandated wages won't shop at your place.

Yes and its still more than i get in ssdi & ssi!
The issue there is that SSDI is specifically set up to encourage people who receive it to go back to work. And yet, only 1% of people do
How are disabled people supposed to "go back to work"? Does SSDI cure disabilities?
The fact Bernie has been fighting for the people and not corporations all of his career makes him untouchable. Bernie
Then taxes taken out,  some States even tax groceries!! Sooo this $7.25  is absurd. It is a starvation wage.
The current price structure for goods is affordable for most all, and must be raised to unaffordable. I'm translating that for you
The issue is. When the wage gets raise. So dose the salery of ceo's. So prices gose up too. Stop CEO's saleries going up.
So raise it, or better yet, help this homeless person get back up. Meanwhile u just use these poor people for ur benefit and division.
Yes, a living wage!
Raising the living conditions of people benefits ALL society!
#NYC #onpoli #cdnpoli
#USPolitics
The evidence says increasing the minimum wage leads to positive economic & social outcomes. 
It's not for an adult it's for a kid working at McDonald's!
Decent affordable housing would help ppl on minimum wage jobs. These are not "entry level" jobs 4 most ppl working them. #compassion
Get some of the money your wife took, it would help.
Free phones
Go lay down u old snowflake
Yes Bernie it is but it is the only incentive that the lazy and unproductive might have to get and education and a real job!
The monetary system can only work if there is scarcity.
Really sad Bernie.  Trump the dump only cares about wages for the rich
Question: If raising minimum wage reduces jobs by half, would you rather half be out of work and poor and the other half live comfortably?
But its proven that raising minimun wadge doesnt decrece jobs
So that prices increase and the salary becosnes again a starvation wage. Brilliantly idiotic
To quote the immortal poet: " ... what your boss is trying to say is 'Hey, if I could pay you less I would; but it's against the law'."
The current federal minimum wage should be $0.00. If the states want to set a minimum wage, then they can make it whatever they want.
https://www.gofundme.com/p-needs-school-clothes …
She needs more than a raise.
$600k is not expensive try getting one cheaper than that here is D.C.?
