Sanders ur more like @realDonaldTrump than u want to admit: being investigated by @FBI & u too hide income taxes! @chrislhayes @maddow @dscc
U have noooo idea what ur talking about!!! Bernie is opposite of greedy DT who only cares about himself.
#BernieOrBust many who still believe n snake @BernieSanders stupid & helped Electoral College elect Trump.. in denial so they whine! #AMJoy
Lol bernie did 41 rallies for HRC and went to Wisconsin more than she did. Facts must suck for you 
AFTER the primary was rigged in her favor & he was in fear of DT being in the WH. I totally get Y. Bernie is a beautiful soul.

#BernieSanders supporters are some of the hardest working Americans. I watched live feed during the primaries. Tell the truth or hush. 
Then why do they want everything for free?
Senator that wants to raise taxes calls lowering taxes disgraceful.
Education is needed...let me help.
When Presidents lower taxes in the 1% we have recessions/depressions. That must sound like fun to u...lol
Woman begins argument by claiming to educate. Uses political rhetoric as her talking points.
Do some dmn research. The billionaires don't need their taxes lowered, it hurts us all, every single time. Critical thinking skills time...
Exhibits frustration after poor logic receives negative reaction. Claims critical thinking means supporting political rhetoric.
Lol...u just like to hear urself talk...
Bernie no one wants your tax proposals leave this alone.
Yes yes we do. Go away.
I would actually like to see polls of his socialist tax plan.
I'm talking venezuela type socialism.  BS is on record saying the American dream is better achieved in economies like Venezuela
Please get very specific, it will help the discourse
the link is his speech on the Senate floor
What do you expect out of a tax plan pushed by the Sheriff of Trumpingham?
Lies.
He certainly will lie to push it.
Thought you were looking in the mirror.
Disgraceful about your wife being charged with fraud.
Bernie you sold your soul to Hillary, sit down .
Of course you do ... and I'm so glad you continue to speak for the disenfranchised!  Keep up the good and important work, Bernie!!
Lets start with you Bernie and your backwards Socialism ideas in the 1st place.  Of course you are confused
GREAT tax plan!!! I read it thoroughly. It's WONDERFUL Thank you @realDonaldTrump Mr. President!!!!!!!!!!
Because youre rich and you're afraid it will take some of your money away. Yeah that would suck since you've done very little to earn it
a few?
Someday soon we'll be celebrating Happy New Year 1898. Why not NO income tax? Why not a 1 sentence Constitution: Protect property & profit!
Who in American beside the left wing democrats want to
listen. Bernie you want every one poor & dependent
In America.
And you have a better idea....right???   NOT.   NOT NOW SLUG....
Get him Bernie! Drag him by the toupee through the mud #NotMyPresident
You wouldn't know a good tax plan if it was drawn out in picture book format. Move to Venezuela and leave our money alone.
Ur not an American.
Sarah, no you can't have my money. Drop you liberal arts degree and find a job. Hopefully one day you'll learn.
I'm a successful businesswoman. I have my own money, but nice stereotyping.
Im teaching MY children NOT to stereotype & assume...try it.
Lol teach me...What do u want me to know? I know what causes recessions, do u?
Who am I to you? Instead go here and watch experts explain economics simply: https://www.prageru.com/courses/economics … I promise you'll learn something
Bernie you are rich man you have lots of money lots of houses stop denying this
He's never denied his properties or income. Are Bill and Malinda Gates, and Warren Buffet no good for being wealthy & giving back also?
He didn't sell out at all.
Let me guess, You are saying that it only helps the Rich. Right
It's the truth.
Know what else is pathetic? Denying election cheating and screwing your supporters.
I guess we should give more away when The US is drowning in debt.  #easytospendsomeoneelsesmoney
gop tax plan would increase the deficit by at least 2.5 trillion over 10 years. http://bit.ly/2ytTWpk . So I assume u r against it too?
Manipulating numbers does not make you right. More money in everyone’s pocket. Pay attention it’s not a tax the wealthy more problem it’s a give everyone what they want to keep votes problem.  We have to crash because no one will stop them from spending more than they have.
Better than taxing 80% from Americans who are hard working and earn the millions they have.
You sold your soul to Hillary then supported ,this living person , wow and now you think I would listen to you , wow.
Disgraceful and pathetic? What a coincidence! That exactly and perfectly describes you and your Bernouts 
Helloagain...disgracedul and pathetic apply to you, berbie sanders!!!!
We the people are the swamp he is draining.
Please #impeach45 
Position for profit. 
Please, before the military finds him unfit to command!
Ryan/GOP need to cut costs to offset revenue lost on $5 TRILLION TAX CUTS for BILLIONARIES  -
Mr Trump has no one except himself and family in mind with tax cuts
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah
Bernie you're hell bent against the middle class getting a tax break!! #oldfart sell all your homes share your wealth
@MoodysAnalytics won't allow his tax plan. Downgrade of US debt would be almost guaranteed.
Let's hear your amazing plan...easy to criticize, not so easy to come up with a great solution.  I'm sick of one-sided complaints.
We'd all rather you just be quiet, since nothing you have to say has any worth to begin with.
What are your thoughts on your wife's college loan plans ?
Bernie, always criticizing never providing reasonable solutions.
Filling the rich pockets and give free taxes 15 tax cut they only pay 15 to18 percent not to mention the central back pay @BernieSanders.
If a liberal hates it....you're doing something right
STFU already you are once again a useless boil on the ass of this earth. No one cares what you think. I just tweet out my disgust with you.
It's not communist, so I'm sure you hate it.
People who have acquired their wealth honestly through hard work and wise decision should be role models, not demonized. Taxes killing us!!!
You just described Bernie care MAGA
No, no, no.  That's all you ever say.  Don't even have to read it.
Creating more poor will bring more heroin + drugs from cartels to our country, people out in the cold will turn to them
you think it doesn't take enough money out of the working persons pocket
Disgraceful. Pathetic. I have a few things to say about Trump. End
You have supported & held as an economic model for the USA the Venezuela economy. How's Venezuela's economy today?
And we don't care.  Please, go back to the crypt where you came from.
I'm sure, commie. Seems like all you do is complain. Socialism is a failure, you have nothing to offer America. Nothing.
Say it.
Senator Sanders, everything Trump does to us is "Disgraceful & Pathetic."
Please urge Mr. Mueller to hasten the impeachment process.
Of course not. The rate is less than 100% which is your second favorite percentage next to 1%
hate speech is all you know eh?
You're pathetic, Bernie! What did you do during your years to fix anything? All you did was to side with Democrats to increase our taxes.
When don't you have something negative to say.  Tired of your more government views
Can you impeach this troglodyte already and then get elected Senator. We need the Bern more than ever. Like ever.
Can we tackle gun control first?  Its an emergency and Congress is wasting time on a tax bill that (hopefully) will never pass.
@LAE2429  please help us Bernie!
Okay you’re an irrelevant Communist. This is why you lost the presidential race. It is time to stop attacking our president.
Lol old Bernie so rich and yet so dumb !! Like you care about the middle class or the poor !! Just another crooked politician !!
It isn’t that horrible. Try to focus on helping the middle class more Bern instead of screwing over the right
I have a few things to say about the university your wife bankrupted, with your help and the $ given to your daughter, for what?
Take your communist ideas and leave the U.S. Americans don't want to pay all their income to to government.
Good, tell Cuba and Russia
Trickle down dosent work. They get more money and move out of the country. How is that supposed to help us?
Give it a rest Senator- no one is really to you right now.
Keep it to yourself nobody's asking you
Thank you Senator Sanders #EnoughIsEnough
You would.
"Disgraceful and pathetic" also describes you and your bank fraudster wife.
OK WE'RE WAITING FOR ALL THE NEGATIVITY. YOUR JUST AN AGRY OLD FOOL. ALL THE OLD SOCIALIST HAVE GONE TO PASTURE. GET ALONG LITTLE DOGGIE..
one question for you. Do you think the govt knows how to spend my money better than I do?
They fit the person just as well
Outstanding speech against the wretched GOP tax plan. If this tax plan is “reform” we should all be very worried. It’s a giant rip-off!
Yes. I bet you do but most of them have no foundation in the truth because Bernie you can't handle the truth
No one cares. You lost. Then you sold out. Disgrace to politicians everywhere.
you pay less taxes then POTUS and most Americans and you wife stole millions!So you have no say in shit! You will not turn us socialist
Describing yourself again? Mr corrupt?
oooo surprise the pathetic socialist is crying again
You might be more convincing if you agreed with the President just once. Sanders, the little boy who cried wolf.
I understand single won't pay on 1st $12,000 & married don't pay on 1st $24,000. Very helpful!!!
So what you say ?
I have a few things to say about EVERYTHING he proposes! The man has lost it Americans demand a refund!
Bank Fraud Bernie we don't care. It is going to help a lot of the middle clad but you don't care. #MAGA
Too much.
Firest of all i am sike.
Funny...similar words come to mind when I think of you @SenSanders
Bernie is against child family credit, doubling the single and family deduction, and new zero % tax bracket.
I am sek.
I am sic .
Says the man who lives in the million dollar house.  Do tell us more poor Bernie
Please don’t say anything. None of it will make sense.
Of course you do lmao. Bitter old traitor
If i change the campany.It isgonna be different.
Educate the people about MMT Bernie. Sounds like your part of the Big Lie, that deficits are bad

All you want is to give all our money to illegals.



Bet i wanna worek.
And i have reterement too
I support you 100%. Ended up voting for Johnson could not support HillaryorTrump. I’m100%disable Veteran served 31 years. America Needs you
I am gonna poto shaw you wet few minit i have to eat.
I’ll take you serious when my tax rate isn’t higher than yours!
Many of them are princ Gorge cwenty my campany job.

Yes Bernie would like us to be like Venezuela. No guns there and they are eating their pets and zoo animals because there're starving! Loon!
deplorable, horrendous, obcene
Criminal?
And I have a few things to say about socialism....it doesn't works.....it doesn't work.....it doesn't work
You never have a few things to say about anything, Bernie's twitter storms!!
U have a lot to say and it's about socialism We have a lot to say about conservatism and the tax cut to get this country moving again
Please help us, Bernie
Trumps "proposal" benefits his friends, family, & himself. Who will speak for the low-middle classes? WE need representation.
What do you need frome Etiopia.
Well we know what your staffers think.
Now you -B
we all eat shit if you fail, but we're tied up on the flanks.
we gotta save puerto rico.
hold the line.
Well sure you do Bernie. You've never met a tax you didn't want to collect.
If you hate it, it must be good.
Instead of calling it names, tell us what's wrong with it.
Whatever you say Bernie you're full of baloney and you know it go to Europe you'll be happy there
Actually that’s a good description of you, SAVAGE FALN Unrepentant Terrorist Supporter

Bad facts.
Oh!! I thought you were talking about your health care plan:)
No shit me too
I wonder what you said to Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party in general, when they put it to you during the 2016 elections?
Since you are so in love with socialism why not move to Venezuela?
Trump is modeling tax reform after the 6 yr tax experiment in Kansas.  It has been disastrous to the KS economy & will take yrs to recover.
I know Bernie.  It must suck seeing all that money going back into the taxpayers money instead of government coffers.
Yea because the socialist knows so much about economics
All the things he saying will be lost . The govt doesn’t owe you any of it the rich don’t owe you any of it
you were cool until you sold out
Oh #BankFraudBernie, that’s cute.
Redistribution of wealth is disgraceful and pathetic Senator.  We do well with capitalism and do not want your socialism views.
Have you ever even taken an economics class?
^ Nasty snark. D'ya also think his guest in this broadcast, Chuck Collins, has never taken an economics class? Pfft.
I'm the king of nasty snarks. Also Chuck Collins never factors in that most income inequality is based on effort inequality.
Source? Stats? Let's see empirical evidence for that claim. Funny how PRODUCTIVITY has gone up, top 1% wages soared, but average wages… flat
You do realize that productivity has gone up due to advancements in technology? Right? Machines don't get wages. But let's blame the 1%.
C'mon. So the top 1% just pockets the machines' "wages," rather than increasing his human workers' wages, huh? Greed. Just plain greed.
If machine is doing more work, the worker is doing less work. Why should someone be paid more for doing less? The real thief is inflation.
Doesn't sound like the CEO is doing more work either, so why is his wages exceeding inflation?
How about equal protection & application of law?  Multiple tax rates allows you to play politics and skewer political enemies
How is socialism working in Spain?
You realize the current PM in Spain is from the conservative Peoples Party. Do you just tweet out random words or R U actually this stupid?
I can see where a clown like you would not want the people to keep more of what they earn. Disgraceful and pathetic is right
Thank you Bernie Sanders for so clearly telling the truth about the “Tax Proposal” aka greasing the major donors through sleazy legislation
disgraceful is becoming a millionaire with 3 houses as a public servant. #bankfraudbernie
please dont
please don't fade away just "go" away
I’m surprised Bernie. You usually have such glowing reviews about everything Trump does.
Too much Bernie you talk talk talk talk talk BUT do SO little
Horrible they go from 39% to 39%. Then can't deduct their state income tax. Horrible. Bernie will have to pay higher taxes like Trump
Say them then
STOP TALKING NOBODIES LISTENING TO YOU ANYMORE YOU OLD FART
Bernie please just shut up u and Hillary and pelosi all just shut the hell up 3 wind bags if u had control we'd be all broke
Considering most of your voters don’t pay taxes we don’t care what you have to say.
Please keep them to yourself.
I don’t care Bernie
I implore you to lead the Congress in the call to remove the President from office. He is mentally unfit and out of touch with reality
Trump hasn't been liberal for years.
“Too many people getting to keep their own  money” - Bernie Sanders voice from #LwC
The repatriation proposals are as Anti-American as it gets... wow
Bernie should get a clue, it's this type of irresponsible language the coutry doesn't need right now, don't like the bill, introduce another
Bernie has no shame this is no time for incendiary language it only adds to the hurt of an already hurting land the Trump bashing needs stop
What good can ever come of hurling insults at the President elect does this sound like a head of state or of his mental state, disgusting
Always remember. Bernie is a socialist and wants a socialist country. That means less for you more for him and Gov. Don't listen to Bernie
Sort of a one trick pony, aren't you Bernie.
Must be in a high tax state and losing tax payer confiscation? ??
Yeah Bernie is upset because he actually wants people to keep more of their money. That means less for Bernie unless he defrauds more banks
Unfortunately you can't use that kind of language on Twitter, can you? :)
Like it just might work and it's not socialist enough
Anything to say about the Spanish government actions against Catalonia?
The fascist clowns talk identically as their ignorant sociopathic ring leader. All demented clowns return to your homeless tents!
