BREAKING: GOP sources say Senate Republicans will not vote this week on latest health care bill.
The idea that universal healthcare isn’t the norm in America astounds me. The only thing more astounding is those arguing against it. 
They say the same thing about you. Especially when asked how you pay for it all
Divert over bloated military spending to the citizens needing healthcare. That’s one way. Also, taxes. Healthier people=less sick people.
Military only accounted for $602B in spending in 15. Your about 400 million short per year if you gut the entire military to cover
Kinda hard to argue we’re a great civilization when every other “1st World Nation” provides some form of healthcare for their citizens.
So does America, you just have to pay for it. No one, by law, is being denied care
That’s sad. The richest country in the world and we still have poverty, hunger, and people going without healthcare. Because of greed? Yup.
I wouldn't say greed. It's basic instincts to make sure you have enough for you & yours. That includes a not so certain future (savings).
You are speaking to those Americans that don’t pay Federal Taxes, what do you have in store for those of us who have to  pay the bills ?
Please point out which government entity has ever saved the American people money. Also, point out the program that is not bound by a budget
You can always go to another insurance company if pre existing conditions don't disqualify. Are you going to go to another government?
One's that charge a premium for people most likely to use the product?
You didn't do shit. The bill was DOA thanks to a few Republicans. Please stop taking credit for other people's work.
Lol! What did he do except for push himself in front of cameras when at least 3 Rs had already said no. Their constituents spoke, not Bernie
Right, after railing against how inadequate it was for years. Funny how he's on board now because it's popular. 
Ha ha! Sure he did...
And don't worry. We know you bros have your bubble nicely sealed around your beloved senator. I'm sure it's going to help in 2020.
No we American did not win.  Our Republicans are gutless
Thank you @SenSanders
@BernieSanders #FeelTheBern #MedicareForAll #SinglePayerNOW @BoldProgressive @TheYoungTurks #tytlive
Health care is not a right and should never be. Maybe you believe that food is a right and money is a right and sex is a right, get over it!
I did not spend years becoming a physician to spend much of my time on the phone haggling with insurance companies- I want to treat my patients! #tytlive
You have receptionist -- You get nothing FREE from the Government -- Trying being a doctor in Cuba then tell me how it is so good!
Its not free .there is this thing called taxes that r not just for repubs to line their pockets with. We pay for things we need as a society
We pay taxes to pay for thing that are in the Constitution not the Bill of Rights. Until the Constitution is amended it does not provide!
why are you defending the way more expensive option? i would rather save our tax dollars.
Disastrous?
Health care is a PRIVILEGE, not a right!!!
I received a donation request today.  Do NOT mail me letters begging for money. I'm a Democrat & will never support you or vote for you.
We DO have health care for all. Where have you been, Mister?
You live in Canada?
You able to compose a sentence?
Now it is time to #repealandreplacetrump 
#HealthCareforAll
Enrollment for 2018 ACA / Obamacare starts November 1 and ends December 15. But Trump reduced the advertising funds by 90% to announce it
Pretty good for a Communist, maybe that is where you belong!!!
I hope the GOP will listen to American public and fix ACA. Lower premiums and pharmaceutical drug pricing is possible.
Why because democrats and your buddy Bernie couldn't. Doesn't that red flag you all. Gee
Let Obama care implode in your face. Your healthcare bill is disastrous to our country.  It will bankrupt us. Wake up. Time for you to leave
Again with this "We" horseshit. The soon to be voted out R's defeated this bill. Not you or your supporters. You had nothing to do with it.
No
Breaking news:  You're a disastrous politician!
Ridiculous.  When will you stop?
No u didn't.u have caused more chaos, ppl who listen to u dummies deserve to get what they deserve
#NeverACAorAHCA Uninsured 11.7% http://bit.ly/2sHOZGU —Most No EmployerBase HealthCare http://kaiserf.am/2tyCqOS —#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
You wife will have it when she is in prison.
As Bernie sips his cocktails from one of his mansions preaching equality - LMFAO
You kidding right? You don't have the money to do that's why this failed. So now democrats are going to fix it all.
So glad!
#BernieSanders plz need to retire now! Tired of your #Communist and #socialist views! Keep collecting your millions of the book you wrote!
#aBetterDeal
#MedicareForAll

#aBetterDeal
#VoteMedicareForAll
#OrWeWillVoteOutDNC!

#aBetterDeal
#VoteMedicareForAll
#OrWeWillVoteOutGOP!


U make me want to pull my hair out....
This administration has something up their sleeve.  They are just regrouping.  POTUS will destroy healthcare.
Trump doesn't have to destroy Healthcare the Democrats already beat him to it &for reasons that I'll never understand your cheering them on.
"The most terrifying words in the english language are} I'm from the government and I'm here to help!"~ Ronald Reagan
You're kidding right?!?!!! As Canada's and England's HC systems disintigrate, you want the same for the US?!?!!
Ryan/McConnell signaling there will be no open process for hlthcare. Rs will cont. to sabotage & destabilize market. DieOnThatHill - StopGOP
Do u know what it takes for a parent of special needs child w/med cond has2 go thru2 chg 20+ doctors ea time HC plans-rules chg? It is cruel
Paid for by who?
Let's fix Obamacare now, before it's destroyed!
I honestly think we can lower or keep taxes the same, and provide #Healthcare for our citizens.  We should be using mineral wealth to offset
thank you Bernie for all that you do....
This is why Obamacare mattered: Game Changer
Another bullet dodged. Liberals saved the ass once again of the poor in this country.
Get lost you individual freedom hater. We don't want to be sheep taken care of by the state, told what treatment we can get.

Shut your mouth you Communist Crook! You knowingly helped to elect Donald with your Facebookbros, the Kremlin, & the Trump Campaign
We see you as a lying traitor. Turn coat. We will vote you out.
So get rid of Obamacare! Start over! What is the problem?
What is the reason you can't work together to fix the ACA?
Excellent job on CNN debate
Dems: we need a bipartisan bill, graham cassidy: lets do it, dems: medicaid for all or we wont even talk to you. Temp tantrums not a colabo
Apparently facts (like h care being a privilege not a right otherwise you are enslaving the h care workers) only apply when its convenient
Bernie, you want us to stay on course down the toilet.
Quit lumping in everyone you screwed over as Americans who you think were on your side in this. News flash, the majority of Am. was for this

Your lying about the cost! Who can afford 9.5% tax and spread that over 6 years only covering 1/6 of the expense. 17t savings drop in bucket
Maybe now the Republican party can search for their souls.

I still think we should fix ACA rather than single payer; public option should be considered. Value based competition
Yes let’s force people to pay for others #totalitarianism#
No, the victory is not in stopping them. The victory will be when we actually win health care for everyone.
While we are at it, can we do something for Puerto Rico?
Love you Bernie!! 
They will be back again
I want Single Payer but are you sure you're not just lending Progressive cred to corporate D's running in 18&20 with a bill that won't pass?
Probably the only dumber presidential candidate available before Trump.
Define:
 guarantee
 health
 care
 ALL
UK we need to take heed. Privatisation proceeding at breakneck speed
Can't claim victory until Medicare for all
You cannot guarantee "health care to all". Even YOU know that Mr Socialist. When did you sell your soul to the political grist machine?
bern is a certified kook !!!
Shut up !! My premium are sky high because of Obama care.
Yea cause that worked so well for the VA right
I'm scared though. Prepare for something really bad to come this Friday night. @realDonaldTrump has had a BAD week. And it's only Wednesday.
Keep it up Bernie!
Not Americans the socialist democratic party. And the socialist Republicans. Not Americans
Oh thank God! I didn't want to have shitty healthcare right when @realDonaldTrump is trying to start a nuclear apocalypse with North Korea.
@DamienFahey @AP_Politics honestly, whether I disagree or not, it's for all, not to all. But NOBODY'S pointing that one out huh?











Rest of the developed world figured out how to do healthcare,  why can't we?  Need to urgently.
Agree
Totally agree!
if you were for real you'd stopped ACA
What do you mean "guarantee healthcare for all?" Does it mean we go back to pre 2010 if a single person is denied treatment?
Thank you so much!
It's not a huge victory. It's a stop gap . Let's declare victory when the ACA is fixed or universal healthcare is enacted.

"Medicare for all"isIt's equivalent to huge"Tax Cut"on poor/middle class"Medicare"without Taxlessinto gov act that not help
Dems were only interested in stopping DT. You are on your own now just as you have been for decades  Sorry, reality stinks
This week. GOP will try again next week. They don't do anything else.
Hey meanwhile you're playing politics with people's healthcare. Figure it out or let it go back to a free market.
I love you @BernieSanders !
continue to try and replace Obamacare so we have to won the House in 2018 I know the Senate going to be hard to flip so Dems focus on House.
I am so happy the GOP fail in replacing Obamacare they will always fail and we will win but as long as they control Congress they will
Thank you for all you do!!! Still feelin' the Bern!
Are you on Obamacare?  Didn’t think so
lol
I'm all in with you Bernie-wish you were our president. My son is burdened with school debt, as am I. You see I took out parent + loans also
Why do you hate doctors so much? Why enslave them to do your bidding?
Full Disclosure: same for all of us including you & every politician.
So Bernie Sanders, I want You & every other politician to have the Very Same Medical Insurance that We The People have!!
You’re the absolute best, Bernie. 
Can you not see that Obamacare itself was a disastrous bill?!?
Go toward helping our fellow Americans in PR & USVI, too.
Executive order immediately putting Congress on obamacare with no government paid premiums
By the way, how’re you paying for that, Einstein?
Single payer please...expand Medicare for everyone
It's been a total loss for the republicans. They wanted to damage Heath
The Republican's should have enough "frequent loser miles" to make it home without using taxpayers money. #Healthcare
On to victory
YAY!!!
Thanks Bernie. Keep fighting.

Thank you Bernie for all that you do for the country!
People keep saying we won,  and suddenly the talk about repeal and replace gets resurrected and we got thorough this again. STOP
Go, Bernie, go!
yes
THANK YOU BERNIE FOR YOUR SUPPORT
we support you bernie!
You haven't done shit.
Great. So what exactly are you doing to fix failed aspects of ACA? Lost health plans, higher drug costs, tax increase, premium inflation?
Given that Bill Cassidy is my elected representative I'd appreciate some advise as to how to help with that.
VFB senior advisor @cann4ing says @SenSanders’ #MedicareForAll could lead to big wins for Democrats.
Dems get together and use this to win back congress in 2018
Victory? Tell that to the millions of Americans who can't afford their deductibles thanks to ACA.
Nice!! Thank you Senator Sanders for your unwavering efforts!
@AP_Politics and Obamacare premiums keep on rising. What a scam!
Yes!!!!, thank you@SenSanders for standing up for people, not Corporate greed
Once again, not details on how your  plan to pay for this health care system. Oh, I know just make us hard working slobs pay for the system.
Taxes replace your premiums Jim. It's a good trade in my opinion to get real insurance
No we haven't... we lost with this crappie healthcare... to expensive and there will be death panels
The light at the end of the tunnel, well done. Thank you Senator for all your efforts to make America great again . Actually.
More power to your elbow, Mr Sanders. Good luck...
The need to fight for a better world seems more acute now than ever.
Why doesn't anyone  talk about lowering the cost of health care not health insurance premiums. Lower costs=less risk for ins=lower premiums
Too logical I guess
Yay a major victory of me not being able to afford going to a hospital and not being able to get rid of insurance which keeps going up.
Time to blow the lines up about #HR676 https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/676 …
Not yet willing to celebrate until 10/1, when they can't push through
Its not over til the fat GOP sings, Bernie....
Well, to middle class, anyway
Thank you !!! I can sleep easier tonight
Yea ur socialist bill will take us all broke; that's great BERNIE; your agenda will go thru when HELL FREEZES OVER , my man
Stop trying to spend money you don't have. Stop robbing our children to stay in power.
Tax hikes!  Tax hikes for everyone!  Hurray!
Especially 4 the super rich, they can afford those hikes, & better yet they wont mind. They want better roads bridges airports 4 all of us
Single payer requires massive tax hikes from the middle class too.
Blessings frm Christ CrclofLf for sharing the truth and leading the way to stop GOP deviation from 1776 Fndng Fthrs evsnd U. S. A. ..
I'm in if you're paying for it!
Fuck em up bernie

Now if you could help with the Hearing Protection Act, that would be great... since we are talking about health. @MarkRuffalo
seriously, congratulations and thank you! Greed lost that battle again! Now Medicare For ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
After you broke the bank with 8 yrs of mismanagement 2X all debt you want more credit cards ?  I don't think your parents would approve bern
I guess Democrats or Republicans, don't have a problem with this...
I see the issue right there, you opted for the bronze, if you were to get the Platinum you wouldn't have any issues.
Isn't it great that our health insurance policies resemble those of credit card options? Health4Profits Card - What's in your insurance?™
Americans push your congressmen to pass 90% tax on rich bastards like Sanders.
Go Bernie!!!!! Love you!!!!!!
In Bernie we trust
Why can't you support the bipartisan fix on ACA instead of spending all your time on a bill that is DOA?
#Socialist, #Republicans and #Democrats are #disastrous.
We have had universal health care in Australia since 1975. - what is wrong with you USA? Iran has free tertiary education. USA wake up.

#WhatsNextTwitter #SuspendPOTUS #StopTheSOB #280characters 
that's the fuckin' business. hell yeah.
I don't think you know what won means. Though looking at the election you clearly don't have experience with the word
How do you expect your universal health for all to be financed. Should put a special socialist tax on every company, to send them offshore!
Repealing Obamacare has failed yet again..this is the 4th time..Shows the GOP Has absolutely got nothing good about healthcare to offer!
Wow this country is in big big trouble the people better wakeup we are in major debt how much more do u think we can go before it implodes
Oh they will not be done till they punish us one way or another. Next R taxes and you can bet it will be for the RICH.
One first step to ensure health is to get rid of president Donald Trump's office! His utterances are so unhealthy...
YES! 
UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE FOR ALL HUMANS!
 WE WILL WANT YOU HEALTHY.
You are a big part of the reason. Thank you, Bernie!

whew
Thou art the greatest Bernie and Elizabeth. Running mates in 2020
Good job Bernie! Thanks.
Thank you for all you’re doing for the American people Senator Sanders!
I don't feel the Win in Doing 0-Nothing to Fix the ACA Crisis. But, that's how y'all roll. @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Major win? For whom, the Democrats? Yourself? This is not a win in any way for American Citizens.
Forward. Always forward. #MedicareForAll

You should have been President. Trump won because who choose you preferred Trump over Clinton.  You should not have quit
