He puts no math in it. He fakes math just like Trump did on 8-15% of our economy/payroll to promise a chicken in every pot. That is bad.
15% payroll tax would be cheaper for employers than paying what they contribute now in premiums
my employer contributes $10k+ per year in premiums. I pay another $2k. And copays and deductibles. 15% tax instead is a huge savings.
Ugh. Do you not understand that the healthcare industry creates 8-15% of payroll in this country.  Much under medical group or contractor.
His math does not address regional disasters by collapse and access worse than what we have now by a mess of economic hornets nests.
The fallout from fictionalizing this math without a plan is worse than what Trump is doing. And that is bad
The fallout from fictionalizing math.  The fallout from capitalistic healthcare system is becoming unbearable on the market.  Unsustainable
But they both will fail.why Obama did the plan he did and why republicans originally fought..because it eventually leads to single payer but
Please let that be true so Bernie can tell the whole country how the middle class is going to pay for it. Of course he'll lie.. Obamacare?
Yes but you will be paying for health care that you will not be getting. This was Obama's wet dream and it is dead on arrival.
Exactly! This is the whole point of private insurance and even Medicare For All. Every1 pays into it cause one day we'll all need to use it.
Medicare pays 80%, the hospital bill is $100,000.00. Now what?
Bernie said "medicare for all" his exact words, exact! So, my question is the same, who pay's the other 20K.? Or does he not know? Really?
@NancyPelosi says no.  She knows it loses elections.  But it's good to pull the Left further left.
Your loaded rhetoric indicates a thorough lack of knowledge of health insurance or capitalism.  But you're not alone. And will still lose.
I was forced to worry. ACA costs us (for 2) $1648/mo for a lousy bronze plan w/$13,000 deductible. Life ruining expense!
And I wasn't forced to buy pediatric coverage, OB, or drug rehabilitation.  But $1648/mo is sickening. Cars are 2000 and 2004 w/200k miles.
Same like his wife ? Screw you No thank s
defund Bummer care ....no replacement we dont want government in our lives
Glad they are putting it out there. Not a single GOP senator will vote for it. 
Prob. not, but once they see the horse run off, it's too late to close the barn door.  Those who are up for re-election will feel the heat..
Socialized medicine always fails!
Mmmm universal healthcare aka government controlled. Can't wait for the VA treatment.
How about Medicare? How about SS? Don't hear too many seniors complaining about either.
How is ss doing financially? Thanks for playing.
Actually quite well. If the income limit were increased, it would be solvent for decades. How's that for a "fix"?!
Every time min wage rises, so do those living in poverty so no, that wouldn't be a fix.
This guy seems to be in league with Wall Street and could give a damn about the avg worker.
Relevance to my comment...none.
So let's see, those who work do so at a livable wage and some, mostly younger and unskilled workers may have 2 search harder for employment

A reminder that John Conyers, a black Democrat, has been re-introducing a Medicare-for-all bill in every congress since 2003.
I didn't know that. Thank you for telling me!
GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER #DEMS!!!!
Crazy Bernie!! We don't want Obamacare! It is a failure! We don't want single payer! They will bring this country down! DemocRATS are crazy!
Will Congress be covered by this health plan?
This is what the #Democrats had planned all along. #obamacare was designed to fail, implement #SinglePayer. All part of the plan.
That seems to be the case 
And somehow he will try to take all the credit while blaming the Democrats.
Russian troll-bot
Hmmmmmm. Okay.

Just fix ACA where it needs it AND LEAVE THE PART THAT DOES WORK (what PPL R fighting to keep) ALONE.

JEALOUSY SENSELESS
Ez to see why Chuck isn't supporting Single Payer. Non-sponsor Dems took TWICE as much $ from insurance lobbyists.
The complete ignorance of economics and the breathtaking stupidity of most of the comments is typical of the average post and times reader
Communist/Socialist lunatic Bernie Sanders is set to introduce a bill that will quickly fail to gain any real support
Gosh, what are the chances it'll become law?
;-)
I think everyone who believes Bernie can get this done should let him know.  Thank you, Bernie!
You pay for it!!!!
What!! No i want to pay insurance money i'll never use, i want to be told what medicines because of price not effect i wnt treatmnt not cure
Maybe the Democrats will be the ones to replace Obamacare.

You're thinking of fascism, which is what your dear leader Trump is bringing to America.
"Nazism and fascism were phenomena of the Left, not of the Right."

https://www.spectator.co.uk/2009/02/liberals-are-the-true-heirs-of-the-nazi-spirit/ …

Protecting  and enhancing #Obamacare is the main priority. @NancyPelosi is once again leading while others are grandstanding.
I'm a democrat universal healthcare is the ACA try fixing that. It's good parts are worth saving & it can be improved upon. Expanding SS bad
CONGRATULATIONS! Sen. Sanders this bill should be brought into the floor since last year. Now, Republicans will have a nightmare.
Turned OFF by Bernie Sanders!
I hope I will see this become reality for our country!
Next better be raising the minimum wage to a living wage. After, 100% renewable energy. After that, tuition-free public college. etc.
I don't want the government involved in my healthcare. If I die of poor healthcare hopefully I picked it and it wasn't forced upon me.
It's a start! Finally a wake up call to insurance companies to knock there shit off and stop ripping off the American people
Nope
LUV U BERNIE !!!! U CAN DO IT.,
Don't be fooled! People will still have to pay into single payer plus supplemental insurance for what Medicare doesn't cover!
...and,much like his run for presient,it will FAIL spectacularly...
GO BERNIE, GO!!!
Good luck with that one, Bernie.  We don't want your Socialism here.  Go to Venezuela and see if you can help them.
yah bernie
Typical Bernie. Taking others (cough-@HillaryClinton ) ideas and spinning off as his own. I wish this guy would disappear
Thank God
I'll go for that..!
This is called political success in failure. He's proposing the bill while Dems hold minority. Bill will not pass but he seems victorious.
Horrible. bolsheviks bolsheviks. Fight the bolsheviks
@PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell Why aren't either of you on this list? Washington state wants a single payer healthcare system.
We font want your universal health care. More communist crap from barnie.keep your socialist bull shit we don't want it. Socialist gov never
Communistcare. @BernieSanders new "healthcare" proposal.
Like that's going to get somewhere.
I don't want the Dems to associate with that idiot!!
Let's see/hear what he has planned!!
Dead On Arrival. If California Democrats with a super majority cannot pass it, neither will Congress.
rejected by sensible Congress!!!
Anyone who's experienced the generally wonderful heather-care we recieve in the UK will know this is a good thing.
#StandUpToSocialism
not going to work unless they get rid of lobbiest,special interest groups/ out of the equation!  This is about us the people 4 the people
costs 3-4 trillion +6 trillion workers already send to local, state and federal government in taxes and ONLY works with govt price controls
Stop politicizing this and find something for everyone. G-d dammit work together. Insurance is NOT healthcare. We NEED healthcare. #fixit
We NEED something better than what we have. Paying for ins is NOT the same as getting healthcare. Prems too high for my "good" ins. #fixit
Get er done!
Really smart Bernie! Bring us $20 trillion more debt --- and Communism!
Adding to his successful legislative record, which so far includes a post office renaming, a Vermont Bicentennial Day designation, etc.
Are they going to have same insurance as voters? They don't have Obamacare. It's always do as I say, not as I do. Hypocrites!!!!!
Stop the virtual healthcare monopoly. There is no legit reason med cost as much as it does.
Absolutely no chance against insurance lobbyists.
Which will go nowhere.
The entire Western World has successfully enacted popular Universal Health Care long ago. @SenSanders is not "reinventing the wheel".
A universal basic income WiTH check&control on spending, many have spent allocations badly #GreenLivingCard btr consciousness/awareness
Still many childrn born out of 2much imbalances, many new businesses die young, broadening economy further..less hspitals, smllr governmt..
Yeah!
Wouldn't it be nice not to have to worry about bankruptcy on top of getting sick?
This is exciting
“I think the American people are sick and tired of filling out forms,” NOT every American is stupid Mr. Sanders. Keep Gov't OUT of my life!!
"Americans would be happy to pay higher taxes if it meant the end of wrangling with health-care companies" WRONG, WRONG, WRONG!!!!

God bless Bernie Sanders! Send angels, please, to help him help us!

Epic fail!
Move out of the way, obstructionist! Sit down and hold on, we're about to pass one motha of progress today!!!
@HillaryClinton was charged with being combative when she proposed universal health care in 1993. Something Sanders has forgotten. @nytimes
She did not propose Medicare for All. She proposed a labyrinth of private insurance which is a failed model.
Cc @BernieSanders will it have actual policy planning or is this another annual symbolic bill?
That's 15 more suicides.
Will Mexico pay for it?
Good morning, have any of you smart guys figured out what to do about Nuclear Waste? Everything else is pointless... Absolute IGNORANCE!!
No surprise!  Swamp plan from get go(since HRC '93, Alinsky student) Control citizens health & 1/6 of economy, control the people.
Tyranny
Bernie can be a jerk on some issues but universal health care is the way to go! It's long overdo! We saw  GOP offered for Health.
What value does the Health Insurance industry add to the US economy?  Middlemen gambling on ppls healthcare needs vs share price + exec pay
Yeah, Bernie, love it! But please make HRC DATE AND MAKE FRIENDS, her supporters need to see the unity and heal the DNC
So the guys who can't even pay his own campaign debts is gona find the money in a bankrupt government to give everyone health care... srsly?
Want to c expensive healthcare, make it a 1 payer system. Its y we have antitrust laws & why monopolies r broken up, 4 the very same reason
Much like SS and Medicaid/Medicare which were sold as small programs for specific populations, the ACA is now fixed in cement.
It's really pathetic when the only way Senators can lengthen their careers is to appease the "free stuff" lobby.
Just wondering who thinks making profit off  another persons or worse child's illness is ok? Asking for a few million voters.
Follow @JStein_Vox
Done. Great article. There is much work to be done. People need to take the blinders off and see this must be done.
So how will the GOP & Trump sabotage this? Your health is obviously of no consequence to you nor him! America voted based on race & gender!
It will fail miserably
Move to Venezuela Bernie and take your 15 buddies with you
Lol and they are going to lose the 2020 election if they push this garbage... ha can't wait
Well thats going to go down like a lead zepplin

sanders should go back to the hole in the ground he came from-he is a weasel
Medicare for all IS NOT UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE.  Medicare will pay 80% people still have to get private Insurance if they want full coverage.
as has been the plan all along. Ocare was written to be a disaster to push us to single payer. U r being use folks!! Wakeup!
I would support it if congress is enrolled in the same plan we get.
...has my full attention.
@SenSanders Thank God!! Loooong overdue!! 
In over 7 years his is the only alternative to Obamacare that I have seen offered. At least Bernie is doing something. Credit to him.
How is it paid for?  How much more tax money must be taken from my pay check?  I'm just a working class guy getting crushed now.  #BeHonest
The cost will be enormous plus you will wait in line to get cay
As a Canadian, I can tell ya, universal healthcare ain't all its cracked up to be.
Communist democrats want authoritative government control over the population. They'll steal from the people with guns pointed.
About fucking time.
Healthcare should not be a business. Stockholders should not profit from the sick
Can't wait to see how they propose  to pay for it !Imm guessing  by borrowing
The only reporter than matters is the one on the left!
I wish our government was in a place where they could have real debate on a real proposal, versus partisan-based knee-jerk reactions.
I know... don't tell me... that's just not the America we live in. This is America, INC. Not America, the land of "We the people".
Maneuvering himself for another run at the WH n 2020 obviously
This is discourse is the US.

-A senator is pushing Univ. Healthcare.
-I'll attack him, not the problem itself.

You should run for office.
If i did ill fight every day for every American. Ill b the most hated congressman or senator n DC - by my fellow politicians bc ill b...
DOA
Dear Bernie

I'm broke.  Don't work on benefits for voters or illegals. Focus on tax reform so they can work!

Sincerely
The Ex Middle Class
Finally GO FOR IT
I'm all for health care.  Yet, under Obama Care I was charge 788.06 by IRS for not being able to afford healthcare, even though I was exempt
Bernie is a loon but he's right about this
CALLING SENATORS TO SUPPORT!!!! #BernieCare #SinglePayer 

@SenDuckworth @SenSchumer @SenatorDurbin @SenKamalaHarris @SenFeinstein
Maybe we can get Mexico to pay for it
Who's gonna pay for it?
Go Bernie.
Oh big effing deal. 15 Dem Senators... Now what? Oh I know... the Republican Congress will pass it! Right? Is there more to this lunacy?
Look the particulars of single=payer will be ironed out.Obamacare was not created by one tweet.We need a study of what is best for US
But if our focus is making Ocare work,and not universal care,in some form, we are barking up the wrong tree.The dems are getting behind it.
“Americans can always be counted on to do the right thing, after they have exhausted all other possibilities.” Truth from whomever said it.
overweight, smoker, sedentary lifestyle, drug user, unprotected sex, but health care is my right and you get to pay for it.
Will relegate the Democratic 2020 presidential candidate to certain defeat. 1.2 trillion $$$ tax cost for his "dream". Dangerous idealogue
Nobody cares what 16 lunatics in the minority party are trying to do. If Americans gave a shit what Democrats thought they'd have more seats

Oh please, whack job Bernie can't deliver pizza  much less Universal Health Care. He's such a joke!
@MSNBC @CNN @nytimes @washingtonpost
What to do with obamacare, where is the money coming from? If it is for all  will it be mandatory by law?will doctors  become gov employees?
No, Who us going to pay??? #HigherTaxes
@SenateDems and @SenateGOP: If you ensure your constituents get guaranteed care through Medicare; they'll gladly reelect you. Everyone wins.
Yes. But will he pay for it?
BERNIE IS PART OF THAT TRIBE.
If trump doesn't sign the checks for the current health care then the current insurance will end. Nothing for anyone on ACA.
I'd like to see what is written.  He bounced it around for years. Finally got others to hear him out. Tweeting was done. Maybe it's a start.
We are the one country that doesn't have universal health care in the free world . Doesn't Washington believe that we deserve health care .
And they can pay for it
honestly don't care who does it, just needs to be done #singlepayer #kamikazee
Correct..!
Wish Bernie would introduce his tax returns first...until then I will not trust him
He should probably wait to introduce it until his side wins back congress and the White House.
What a bunch of ridiculous nonsense. The cost of this makes the current debt look like a drop in the ocean. More lunatic leftist fantasy.
It's cheaper than your current system. You pay way more per capita than countries with universal healthcare.
$32 trillion in new taxes the next 10 years + a further tilt of the burden of taxation to those that actually pay taxes. No thanks.
Where are remaining Dem Senators?
Wild guess..if they're not planning to run for Pres, they're probably busy raking in bribes from lobbyists
And it will die in committees the Dems no longer run.
It's worse than useless, it's pure vote-pandering.
Hitler had universal health care. It's crap!
Bernie is it true congressional leaders will vote themselves out of paying the tax for universal medical. I think that really sucks
Okay. Interesting.
Those senators should be proud and ask themselves in what other avenues then can lead the way
The big mistake is to evaluate the cost at current medical invoicing, which is artifitially inflated. Compare costs of surgery EU vs USA.
Go Bernie, go, go! Bernie be good! #universalhealthcare
Trump did something right; he got a handful of Dems off their asses. It won't last long. They'll need naps soon. Thanks for trying Bernie.
Mr. Sanders and Mr Franklin what are both of u and others politicians doing about geoengineering American lives at stake

@SenSanders https://youtu.be/BFlSCPPRRYE 
This didn't end when Charlie Gard was sentenced to death by doctors to avoid paying for his possible life saving operation?
Godspeed my dudes.
I'm sure all 15 will be on the same health care, correct???

@SenSanders https://youtu.be/BFlSCPPRRYE 
Health care is a right and not a privilege.
Well, if America wanted that.. he would be president, but he's not. So... hahahahahaha
This is the kind of repeal and replace I can get behind!
Make it happen folks! Good luck
Healthcare shouldn't be a choice of buying food or buying healthcare, lets bring these prices down!
Every Democrat in the Senate should be supporting #MedicareForAll bill that @SenSanders is introducing. If they want to win ever again.
Not even close! Democrats should be focused on fixing Obamacare!
Fixing the right wing Republican health care plan? No thanks let's go for Harry Truman's dream of single payer.
Centrist Hillary-loving Dems forget Obamas original plan WAS single payer. Obamacare is what was left after Dems negotiators with GOP.
This is the chance for everyone to see which of those Trump gangsters is the worse non human in the bunch. Money. It's the cash, Nash. Wha?$
Even tho hitler was a socialist tho...
No he was a fascist.
& socialist. You can absolutely be both
Presentation includes a realistic cost estimate and tax plan that will pay for it or just the happy lies? Will WaPo do a truthful expose?
Only 15?!!! What's wrong with them?
A political tsunami is on collision course with the #DemocraticParty & these idiots can't even swim
Go get em Bernie..!
#bernedout
Why the fuck are the Dems following Bernie? He is not loyal to the Democrats. He's a bombastic, egotistical false prophet to his followers.
