They were wrong rich folks create jobs. Have you ever been hired by a poor person ?
Cutting taxes on rich 50+ years, never increased good paying jobs!
And of course more recently Governor Brownback's "epic fail" w/trickle-down economic policies in Kansas
You mean trickle on as in Corporate s piss on us
Your twisted socialist philosophy does not give much incentive to work hard & achieve success. Better to strive for mediocrity in life?
I would rather spend our tax dollars on America than the war machine.
I see BOTS supporting Bernard
They certainly have done this before, and we remember how that worked out.
Wages DECLINED after the Tax Reform Act of 1986. So where is this $4000 raise coming from? 
STOP THE MIDDLE CLASS CON
True.......a disaster for socialism.
Republicans shifted 90% of U.S. wealth to richest Americans. Bernie Sanders wants to reverse that process. Oh no, that would be socialism
Yeah, the super wealthy people will just go along, meek as mice, right? I can't roll my eyes @ that anymore, they'll pop out & roll away
Dear.Sen.Sanders, Please watch our grass roots movement here. 
The real disaster is how our government wastes the taxpayers hard-earned money on bureaucracy and programs that don’t work.
Yes I think we already tried trickle down economics and it didn't work out to well. It was a disaster and increased our deficit.
Shut your mouth Bernie you can’t even understand basic economics yet alone tax reform. Stick to your la la land policies that won’t happen
Tax breaks are just tip of the ice berg Bribing congress for laws that protect their products/make them a legal necessity are just as scary
Stupid comment, not your worst but up there
Reagan sucked big time. Nixon was a great Pres. Nixon pissed off the globalist and the Pope big time. Nixon was not a crook.
"None of us really understands what's going on with all these numbers."
~ David Stockman (1981)
And we understand that you can't tax your way out of debt. Just retire in one of your lake houses.
Bernie is a fool, Just like Hillary and Obama, they all should all b in jail!
Ronald Reagan... the actor?

Then who's vice president? 

Jerry Lewis?

Your plan of single insurance and free college already happened in China, go ask China why they stopped both now.
Thanks for making this an issue. True facts as these could help us from repeating past mistakes.
Lest we forget ...
You are a disaster Bernie.
Disaster...best just to take their money...save the disaster relief money
Reasons?
U tweeting a lot tonight #BreadLineBernie you afraid a diff message will get out? Gotta stay loud and scream till we all agree?
So is FUCKING SOCIALISM!!!
We are not taking tax advise from a socialist!!!
Considering that the @GOP is now being lead by Richard Spencer & his ilk, Ronald Reagan is really no longer a factor.
Never works! #WhatreallyhappenedinNiger?
Thank you Bernie
Thanks for standing up for us Senator Sanders and for our healthcare! Nobody believes lying Ted  !
1a1a11as2z°1
BERNIE2020. Super job at CNN.
Why are poor people poor Gramps?  Hint: if they work harder or more often, they will be less poor.
Socialism is a disaster
Reagan was a totally different time. With today's deficit any potential benefits will be overwhelmed by costs of spiralling debt
That’s why Trump is doing tax reform since Reagan!
It's kinda hard to give tax breaks to the poor when they don't actually pay any taxes dufus
No they don't forget it you are a lost cause and have done nothing to help the middle family
Tax cuts should be about driving the general economy and have been proven a disaster with an existing huge deficit
Bernie gets nothing..he's get his as@ tore up by Cruz that's about it..
You are ridiculous.  Lower taxes, less govnmt, less regulations, abolish IRS, cut off the long arm of BIG GOVERNMENT.  We aren’t Sweden
@KatrinaNation who was the brain that told u that commie.. One lib told me ur an I.. She got it from @google I told her ur commi
We are too smart for you Bern, not buying into BIG government taking over every aspect of our lives. We can take care of ourselves. Enuftax
Ronald Reagan's own vice president called trickle-down economics "voodoo economics"
If you had your way we would ALL be paying 80% tax on our income. But you are comfortable Bern, free healthcare, lifetime pension, 3 homes
Says the guy who has sucked off the taxpayer's teets his whole life. No thanks Bank Fraud Bernie.
Just like the real Bernie, his staffers make things up
He is not  Like President Trump says his name is Lying Ted  !

Didn’t you once say giving everyone Medicare would bankrupt the country?
So why don't you explain to the American people how the cut tax cuts increased Revenue during the Reagan years you're no Reagan
So NOW you like Reagan? Such a hypocrite
Trickle down economics doesn’t work.  Rich ppl are greedy. They will not reinvest in ppl, wages, or improved conditions. Regan proved that.
Tax breaks go to the people who pay taxes. You should give it up already.
Leaving the interest payment only slightly higher with 7 added.
Prez O and Clinton though moving it around somewhat reduced that old debt making the interest annual lower. New derbt near 0 % .
Equity in 08 dried up and the Fed had to help on 2.5 making 2 trillion half of which is Reagan high interest debt . Borrowed 6.7%
The man!  Bernie 2020!
Fire they literally own 17 of the 20 trillion. 5 of Prez O was Bipartissn Recovery Act and quatitative easing both to fill a 13 trillionhole
when will you call to #endfreetrade? if you're serious you know we need #fairtrade
Cons talking debt is like a Cat in a dogfood commercial . Between Graham Leach Blillie American Dream Dien Payment  & Act two Bush logs on +
Charitable organizations are a big way to act as if the rich are giving....they just write shit off on taxes and get more back than what they give to organizations owned by friends, essentially money laundering. This whole system is bullshit.
Thank you Bernie. Don't give up. The BS we get from the morons on the economy needs to be countered with facts.
Yes senator  no  doubt about  reminder and assertion he and his partners in arms don't care for any precident set by Reagan
Just show them the 5 trillion interest alone on 1.7 trillion principle at near 300 billion since late 80s
Actually if you look at the Reagan years, you'll see a very prosperous America.
And Reagan in those years, increased spending.
Reagan took over after the disastrous Jimmy Carter administration. The interest rate under Carter was 20%. Right now it is 2-3%. Reagan had to increase spending due to the democratic agenda. Unemployment was up, gas prices were waaay up under Carter. No wonder Regan had to spend.
All boats rise with the tide!
You’re a thief. You pick who you want to give tax breaks to?  All Americans are not equal to you.  You’re a thief
And most Americans understand that falsifying collateral in a mortgage application is fraud
Stop your lies! double the deductible oh wait stock market pops 23k
Oh yeah you are right there we have a lot of poor people that hire people for jobs you prey off of the ignorance of the liberals
I recall someone giving a break to the Fed on S604 when we had the best chance in 100 yrs to achieve transparency of all operations.
Recently read new Greenspan bio., "The Man Who Knew"
another person atrociously abused be your party.
I thought you liberals were saying President Trump is just like Reagent.
Pretty obvious that ol Bernie has ppl feeding him info on a tablet. Howd he get 80% 1% 30%? No logic no substance
HEATH CARE IS NOT A RIGHT!!!!!!
Thank you! When did people forget Reaganomics was a complete failure??!
It created $20 million jobs so I don't know what you are talking about?
lmfao this red commie is unreal with his fidel castro rhetoric
@JohnKasich thoughts?
Bernie,  You are the only politician to tell it like it is...Kudos to you!!
Bernie...it’s past your bedtime...quiet
Why are you bother he is in good health knows his bed time always I think enjoys  his sound sleep. D o n t  w  o r r y
Regan Tax cuts fixed large issues in the economy and lead to the 1990's boom. 
#LearnMath
#RecallSenSanders
Did you not watch the video earlier? It fucked things up and he took back a ton of the tax cuts.
The total amount cut still stood positive in effective amount. Still equals tax cut. 1980 were still very prosperous.
We didn't have a boom until the 90s, when Clinton was president he raised taxes and had a huge boom period.
Clinton created new taxes that actually stifled the boom. The tech industry was ramping though the 80's
And then Bush had huge tax cuts and deregulation (with Clinton too) that caused the recession Obama got is out of.
Obama cause the recession to drag with Great depression Kane's economics. You do not understand basic Economic systems.
What...? The recession started in 2007... Was Obama president? It recovered in 2009...
You shouldn’t be able to call them tax breaks when they are actually paybacks.
Small business owners are not the wealthiest individuals.
No shit Sherlock
Bahahahaha
AND ALL BERNIE TWITTER Commenters ARE PAID TROLLS..I HOPE ALL OF U GO READ YOURSELF
Higher GDP and lower unemployment is a disaster?

Trickle down economics kills our economy.

Trump loves it.
Inflation and unemployment fell under Reagan. GDP went way up. That's killing our economy?
Please don't confuse @tedcruz with facts. They give him a headache
Koch brothers and Bush boogeyman is getting stale Senile man’s rumblings
That’s all you’ve got?!

Soros donates to Democrats for a fairer world not personal gain unlike the Koch brothers.
makes an awful lot of sense, sir.  Keep up the good work.
let's cut everyone's taxes to get more money into the economy. please stop taking more money for the government
Thank you for speaking the truth in this era of lies by Republicans!
I have to turn off notifications from you Bernie

HE GAVE MORE OF A TAX CUT TO MIDDLE AND POOR..I CAN READ
Donate to Ted Cruz's 2018 opponent, Beto O'Rourke, here:
How? How is it not the fact that Clinton was a bad candidate?

https://youtu.be/kpZbVrIP1zc 
