No matter what Trump says or does, the people of the United States and the world will not turn their backs on this crisis.
We must continue to work to aggressively transition our energy system away from fossil fuels to sustainable energy and energy efficiency.

post a picture of trump with a big smile and a shiny giant peach on the back and share share share untill he resigns.
President Trump will never resign, he is on a mission to get rid of political rats!
Why?
Yes indeed. The world is on fire, and America is withdrawing from the firebrigade. Sorry to say, but your POTUS is an ignorant ##ick!
You are ignorant
Me and Sanders are not ignorant. Your POTUS is the biggest ignorant f#ck in modern history.
If you run again that would be a horrific mistake
I think you should be replying to Hillary.
why? she won the nomination & pop vote by the biggest margin we've seen to date. gramps lost the nom cus he's not a dem. 
Because she lost to the man with the highest disapproval rating in American history.
that's what happens when the US still uses an archaic system like the electoral college. 
U need to educate yourself on the real reasons our founders set it up that way before saying its archaic.  Trust me u dont want popular vote
I have & still want the popular vote. 
There are valid arguments for a PV.  But pretending the results of an election run in and for key swing-States was that, is disingenuous.
The majority of this nation agrees 7 to 1 on this issue.
Trump is not interested in being the people's President, Trump is out 4Trump  
No the majority of the country does not agree.   You are ignorant to say so.
Get real !!
His entire presidency is a horrific mistake
I don't agree Jason, i switched parties because democrats are out of control, hate mongers not giving Potus a two min chance
If you can't see how incompetent and corrupt Trump is, you are BLIND.
The only way he'll stay is if they call it the Trump agreement...bc "deals". 
You are a horrific mistake.
Hay Sanders have any colored women steal your mike lately
As opposed to his other horrific mistakes? Does it matter anymore??
He will do whatever the people he wants approval from requests. He won’t even bother to Google
Thank God that President Trump is getting out of the Paris to court. Climate change is a hoax
Suppose the world is 6,000 years old, god exists & evolution doesn't?
If you take genesis literally, which it wasn't meant for.
There's no such thing as evolution God made the earth and that settles it
It makes more sense for God to create earth through the Big Bang and evolution.
One day you will wake up and realize that you were a face to face with God Almighty
ha ha
This would be very bad for the environment and would make the world question the trustworthiness of any agreement with the United States.
Why????

No it wont be.   Pulling out of the Paris Agreement is best for the USA.
Climate change has been going on for 1000s of years.. you are ignorant.
Wrong
they just pile up.  The man is a total disaster.  If Obama did it, he will undo it,just because he doesn't like Obama.
You are ignorant
Another Trumpty egghead comes to the surface. Why you hiding?  You're the ignorant one if you're supporting #TrumptyDumpty's orangy ass
YOU OBVIOUSLY didn't READ IT ANd/or LISTEN TO REASON WHY...VERY SMART DECISION BY OUR POTUS!!! GET OVER IT! A NEW TREADY IS IN ORDER!
bernie, guess what? he just did!!
liberal Democrats fake news please stop 
Mistakes is the one thing he is capable of
We need sad and angry buttons here on Twitter.
Oh please...this agreement means nothing...all for show!
Ya think?
It's not his first and sadly won't be his last #resist
Horrific mistake for you and all your millionaire buddies that are making money from this hoax called global warming.
Bernie, the horrific mistake has happened. It is more important at this time for the people, the states, and business to work together.
N he did it.
Too bad you have no idea what you're talking about. Got my degree in Sustainability & still think it's a good move.
@bigdavelittle 
Too late for horrific... didn't you deal with pulling out not too long ago...don't worry bern, be happy!
Why don't you explain instead of complAin it's vulunter
He doesn't even know what climate change is     He  doesn't  know very much at all
Who's going to the sub Sahara to apologize for not giving a damn. They've been feeling the worst effects of global warming for years
We will continue City by city.  We are strong together.
apparently trump shit face can do a lot of things just to make us angry specially you @SenSanders
Glad we r out of climate treaty that Pres Obama had no legal right to sign w/o legislative approval.
The common consensus is that you were the terrible mistake when you were elected!
No, Bernie no it won't just like a liberal so overly dramatic trying to get attention. this accord is 10 ways to lopsided. Fix It or shut it
Well. He did it. What now!
The mistake I see is you are still in Congress. You, Schumer, Pelosi, Perez, Harris, Feinstein, Waters, et al. are still there.
how's the 3rd beach house present?
Never say "horrific mistake" around Donnie. It apparently makes him go "Oh yeah? Hold my beer!" :( :P
Agree...Trump is mearly trying to make enemies with everyone and insure that we are destroyed
Your mom said the same thing about you.
Why, exactly?  Do you even understand the science of the thing at all?  And why should other nations get the break they're getting?
Geuss what Trump did
It's gonna take a while for that to go through, by then he should be in jail.
The DNC trying to push HRC on Americans was a horrific mistake. That's why we're in this nightmare.
A horrific mistake created by a horrific mistake.
Bernie , the election was stolen from you . You folded ,disappointed millions . What were you promised ?
He will
I think you folks already made that horrific mistake...
hos whole presidency is a mistake
Saving the USA billions of dollars is not a horrific mistake, the true mistake is how we entered into Paris accords...
Each day, in every way, Trump diminishes us as a nation!
Yeah, well.  Trump.
He did and it is
You're a horrific mistake.
Globalist have been spouting this climate crap since the 70's and Mother Planet is still here.
As if @realDonaldTrump cares what us "Real" Americans want! Thought he was for the people, but what people bcz 65 million plus are left out!
We have a madman in the White House. LORD HELP US.
Another one of many.
Horrific mistake completed!
Trump lacks the intellect to serve. The future is in alternative energy! THATS WHERE THE JOBS ARE. We could lead! World Laughing at Trump!
Well, guess what dipshit, he pulled out.
THE GOP IS THE PARTY THAT'S EXTREMELY BIASED TOWARDS PLEASING THE RICHEST PEOPLE IN AMERICA.
What will you do?
Mar-A-Largo will be the biggest showboat every in history #ParisAgreement #withdrawal
Well...he did totally ignorant to climate change and global cooperation unless it is Crimson.
Yes & he did. We are no longer seen as the World leader. Unmitigated Ignorance is not excuse here
The great negotiator has gotten us the highest tarriffs. Made his little schmeckal count for something!
Here we go...right down the tubes while the other countries get a head start on green energy & jobs.
Trump is a terrible mistake
So, just like everything else he does.
BAM, America first
He did.  He's a mistake. His folly continues to ruin the US's reputation. We need action now to show the world we don't agree with him. How?
A hoax is a mistake to be avoided, only as Illogical logic is a mistake.
What's one more?   We have 4 + more years of their stupidity to go.  Better buckle up
HE is a horrific mistake.
Crazy Bernie what crisis ? The made up by liberals climate change.? No scientific evidence exists that it is real. Thank GOD you lost!!!!
Its good for US when others r not obeying
He's so jealous of Obama, he wants to destroy everything he did, no matter what others say. He's a very sick spiteful man.
Bernie if you were any good you would have won #Clinton you still would have lost Trump. Thanks 4 not spending millions of taxpayer 
ANYTHING NEW?
There is no such thing as climate change
it's possible to think "climate change" is a real problem but also think the Paris agreement is an awful deal.
just like you have the politics that you do yet own 3 houses. things aren't mutually exclusive
Oops!
Mistake seems to be inadequate. Perhaps debacle?
Well he did! So tell us how it will be horrific! If he stayed in you would of said it was horrific either way. Go Away old man ur irrelevant
To late done n done
Guess what Bernie?......
Your daddy should have pulled out.
Done deal. Yuuuuge mistake  by Comrade Trump. What an ignorant pawn to big oil.
#IMPEACHTRUMP now!!

Proof positive it is the right thing to do...
Everything this president does is horrific. I hope you're well enough and strong enough to run again.
We cannot continue to pay $ for the world to be complant
Thank you for saying this!
shut up Bernie all u are good for is rhetoric and no action , but since u helped elect Trump it must be all good for u ....screw the workers
So sad! So stupid.  Trump will destroy it all!
OMG HE PULLED OUT!
If you people are gonna take from us tax payers, make this program an American program.
Not true. It will be renegotiated by somebody who cares about this country.
@Seankirk79 no dummy it won't be.. Climate change is a scheme to make you Dums rich.. its a job killer.. that's a fact.
so of course that's what he'll do..look for the state governors to do the right thing and forget about Trump's need for constant publicity
Bernie favourite this tweet if it's really you
It IS going to be a horrific mistake, just like the Trump presidency in general. #Resistance #IMPEACHTRUMP
No I won't be
Are you forming a third party or just going to keep pretending about these things?
"If"? Good one Bernie...
Has he done anything that isn't a horrific mistake? Yet @GOP cheering this asshole on !
Yup. Well him being president was a horrible mistake and his mom probably wishes she had an abortion @realDonaldTrump
Paris agreement is only a method to funnel funds to the New World Order. No Thanks, but give George Soros our love since you're his rep now.
Bernie, you had a chance to change everything, and you capitulated to Hilary during DNC.  You should of been outraged, we had your back!!
When the crisis becomes critical USA will be under prepared to take action leaving China and Europe to sell them the tech to fix it
Actually, it will save the US about 75 BILLION dollars - so again, you're wrong.
Yea right Bernie . Keep nipping at the schnapps
The real horrific mistake happened on Nov. 8, 2016. Everything else is a followup.
nah
It certainly will! The fact he is ignoring big oil and corporate America is disturbing!
*another
Not to us.
PREACH IT BERNIE!
I agree. What is he thinking?...he is not.
Not for the US.
Horrific mistakes are his MO.
He already is a horrific mistake!
Disagree.
Why? Because we won't throw away tax payer money like you like to do? Because we won't extort businesses based on lies?
It'll be the biggest covfefe they've ever committed!
Well, unfortunately that's a used on him. The ? How long the USA can afford that kind of behavior and until what point powers could interven
You're absolutely right !
People supporting your POTUS campaign was a mistake.
please help support major march on D.C. on july4th",WE THE PEOPLE",OPPOSING  THE PARTISAN SIDESHOWS,WE NEED OUR VOICES HEARD WEVE HAD ENOUGH
please do what ever you can to stop these. This is horrible and tragic that one person and doom us like this.
How?  It's glorified UN fluff to make people feel good and does absolutely Nothing.  To make meaningful change, do your job and change laws.
Its all distractions from real problems. Your all looking short term.
Well said, Mr. Sanders.
It will save US tax payers Billions!
Convince republicans to tell him. He's not listening.
Trump failed at his attempt to tear down Obama. Karma is tearing down Trump. Hate blinds. We see it. The truth is clearly visible.
Trump first 5 months negate any possibility of out shining Obama. 
Under investigation ??? History is already written of Trumps failure.
Everything Trump does is to do opposite of Obama. But
TRUMP WILL NEVER HAVE A PRESIDENTIAL LEGACY AS GLORIOUS AS OBAMA'S. POINT BLANK.
Trump is anti Obama point blank. Of course White people  ignore that because from a racial point of view Whites are offended of the truth.
My prediction if @realdonaldtrump pulls out.
Rest of world will sanction USA, incd'g China.
USA will have Russia only. Bannon will get WWIII
Wasn't everything he done an doing a horrific mistake.
But the media still allow Trumpsters the voice to continue disrupting out of spite.
TRUMP PULLED OUT OF THE PARIS AGREEMENT< just called my Senator and he confirmed it!!GOOD BYE AMERICA!!
If your communist, socialist ass had been elected it would have been a horrific mistake. You even sold your supporters out. . .
Is 75 billions  that can be use here Mr Sanders.
Y explain  please.
For every bad decision the US gvt has made in the past 30yrs, you can youtube Bernie raising hell about it on the Senate floor
Thank you Senator. I especially like Bernie Sanders vs Duke Cunningham on lgbt in military...
Not if the scientific data is falsified or misrepresented. I don't think so Bernie
Mistake for whom? Those who don't get US taxpayers $$$?  BAD DEAL We don't need world permission to reduce our emissions. @realDonaldTrump
How can you allow this idiot to do so? Revolt!
lmao. Sky is falling chicken little Sanders
Please see Clarity Radio broadcast on connection between underground nuclear testing, GMOs and true cause of climate change #BryanFarnum
Pull us out make America  great again
Like he gives a fuck?
Horrific is a word I'd save for bigger problems
It's voluntary, not binding, so that means bugger all. Failing hypothesis anyway, unless you've falsified it, and not told us, Mr. Sanders?
Horrific mistake was made when corrupt DNC knifed real progressive candidate #BernieSanders.
The horrific mistake was agreeing to it in the first place.
Bernie This is why you lost the election. These programs have no results. Learn to be responsible with people's tax money.
Add it to the growing list of his mistakes
Yes.  Boycott on Trade Deals should be the next step.
truth,
I agree.  He needs to stop playing to his base and start thinking about what is right.
He is an idioputput
Socialist stupidity
No it will save us money. Let's see how many other countries step up???????
it will be a cowardly act of disengagement.  but that's Trump's modus operandi...
You running for President was insane
