It is an unfair tax in any case!
It’s income - how is it “unfair”?
Taxation is theft. The money bequeathed has already been taxed.
It is income, it is taxed.
Taxes on the estate have already been paid every year, why tax it again? Once it's taken over, they'll be taxed again.
Taxes on 'estates' every year... no. Taxes on income, usually interest or profit, earned from that estate, yes. Not 'taken over',transferred
The house and the land are part of the estate, yes you do pay taxes on them every year. And when is transferred, taxes continue.
If property is part of the estate, yes. If cash/stocks, etc ... we’re discussing income tax
Remember Joe the Plumber & the GOP-fed bullshit there? They tell ignorant people lies to enrich themselves.
Sorry, but the move to EU SOCIALISM is over! 
Hillary lost & America is leading (not from behind) again. 
Apology tour cancelled 11/6/16!
It gets old living in a country where working class people are convinced that someday they’ll be rich and vote against their best interests.
Rosie's seat to Mars is available!
So if I don’t like what’s happening I should go to mars? Maybe you don’t get what living in a moderately free country is supposed to be like
Lived in 2 Socialist countries. Worked in Middle East & recognize how free we are. Tickets available to Saudi, no alcohol, etc!
So because Saudi Arabia is dry, we're just supposed to deal with a self-serving ruling upper class?
Don't mistake I'm happy with the "ruling class". Similar complaints to many in Declaration of Independence.  
Still best place to live!
What metric do you use to reach your conclusion? I can’t find a one to back that claim.
Looks like the Russian conspiracy just took a ugly turn to Hillary, Bill & Obama. 
Supports Obama as Putin's Puppet, doesn't it?

Isn’t that right Trumpi boy?

Trump is the most Crooked POTUS in history. His campaign conspired with a hostile foreign govt to win . 
Your not a real smart person are you? It was Hillary who did that
No I’m super down so you better stop speaking to me now you fucking idiot Trumpster
Hahahaha....ok. Your wealth of ignorance astounds me.
No laughing matter but hey you think whatever you want like I don’t even careThe truth will be known eventually! at least some of it
Trump  is a liar! I believe that whatever he does only benefits the upper class. Keep the estate tax.
The estate tax is theft by government.
the .2% of the population you fit into Bernie while playing like you are 'one of us' or out for everyone else right?
The POTUS; away pulling for the 1%. CSB
The estate tax is nothing but a overreach by government to STEAL more money that has already been taxed at some point.
Hi love
Facts and Trump just don't mix.
Nice one!! I didn't vote for you, but I do dig your spirit, compassion & definitely #FeltTheBern when I read this! #FeelTHATBurn, huh Trump?
#HewillbegonebyThanksgiving
Seriously Bernie you don't know what you are talking about you Socialist.
People are supposed to have reflexes to ask questions & look things up, not just buckle to alleged authority.

Why'd they stop?
I can't believe anyone who pays taxes isn't aware of this. Unless u r so rich it won't matter! U Trumpettes will believe anything he says!
Typical Trumpanzee BS. He doesn't pay his but you get to pay yours.*****
Small business owners are effected.  I've known some or their kids who have had wealth taken from them rather than pay employees with it
Bullshit.
well it's your choice whether to believe me or not.  Just know there are two sides to this issue
No there are not two sides. Taxing rich kids' income is completely acceptable and will not hurt anyone--except maybe the Ferrari dealer.
yep just kill any incentive to succeed.  Hell it'll probably effect me and I'm only inheriting a small business (literally 6 employees)
Taxing a $5.5M windfall kills incentive to succeed? Right..... maybe if you're a billionaire. 

Absolutely ridiculous.
yes you are
We
Don't worry America....he really has your best interests at heart....  ....serving himself...and his rich pals

Typical, oops I forgot about dat!!??
He also forgot to tell the truckers that not 1 member of Congress pays their fair share of taxes.  Funny, you did not mention that.
Oh and he forgot that he hardly paid any taxes and those who do were just stupid.
Yes, you are correct.
Republicans play their word games better than democrats do, even though they're lying most of the time ...
Take 5 minutes and watch this. Very clearly explains what’s the estate tax is. And who benefits from repealing it. Guarantee it isn’t you
Tell that to the family's who have small businesses, example: farms, restaurants, etc.
What people fail to realize is that the people paying the estate tax are the ones who create jobs, and by proxy production.
Farmer's are land rich but cash poor! They shouldn't have 2 pay taxes twice when passing land 2 kids! Help!
Trump once again (along with the rest of the Republicans, and some robot uninformed media types) masking American's eyes; shameful
Trump tanzt wieder ein "Dekret"?
Violent crime is rising because of hate, intolerance and firearms. Not travel.... @JeffSession @realDonaldTrump u failures need to #Resign
@jeffsessions while you have been defending the bigoted ban on travel more Americans were just shot and murdered by an American. 
So. Tax "Bonus" is 4 rich Richest. Rest Americans pay for RICH gift.But rich will help others. Raise wages,Good jobs. Know the drill. Sucks
Pennsylvania has a state estate tax that is far less than the 3million cap the fed gov has. Both have their hands in the peoples pockets
That’s obvious. Average Joe doesn’t have more than $50k to pass to the next generation. That part is strictly designed for fat wallets.
The man lies as the air he breaths. Why do we Americans continue to allow him. #impeachtrumpnow
Trump won.  Even hillary beat u.  Time 4 u 2 retire.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
Yup fricken hysterical as they cheer for him #dingbats
No more voting for either of these two party criminals period. I have watched throughout the decades as the Two party criminals screw us
Third parties only Stop the insanity American's stop supporting the two party criminal system period
Definitionofinsanity Doing the same thing overandover expecting different results Stop voting for either of these #Twopartycriminals   Third
Are you kidding me. I watch as two boys worked on a 100 arce dairy farm their entire life for their father and they had to buy back the farm from the estate for over 650,000 dollars because he did not leave a will or put his boys as owners. These are the ones the estate tax hurts

He doesn’t tell them they have to wait till@it trickles down. We’ve been waiting for about 40 years so fingers crossed.
Indeed
it redistribution of wealth. Why charge taxes on money you have already taxed? For votes right
Politicians deceiving workers - a fine tradition going back to the War of Independence.
@realDonaldTrump #LiarInChief
Wow
#Trumplies
I like the admission in this video that they just want to tax people to hurt those they don't like.

Well done, Pennsylvania voters. Well done. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/920029594811551745 …

Can we talk about how white voters in Pennsylvania are now going to pay 30% more for healthcare because they let racism dictate their vote?
The money has already been taxed, what right does the government have to more of it???? Easy to talk big when you only pay 1/3% I do in tax
Just like you are forgetting to mention the rest of his tax plan that ACTUALLY helps the middle class. Just easier to peddle hysteria.
He’s taking advantage of ill informed electorate.Voters need to do their part and research the facts and listen to different opinions/facts.
We all benefit when We keep Socialists like you from getting and wasting families hard earned money.
"forgot" is nice way of saying deceived
Let's not beat around the bush - it wasn't forgetfulness, but intentional lies.
That would be a nice little gift to @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr and the rest of the family. Surely #trumpturds would not let this happen
Trumps a consummate liar America don’t believe a word does joker says he’s all bad with evil wicked bad karma that’s right coming for Trump
The worst part is that ppl are buying into his crap w/o researching it. WE HAVE THE INTERNET PPL RESEARCH HIS BS
Old fart, the estate tax wld benefit many middle class Americans who own farms, ranches, land, mineral rights. You bank on people being dumb
Oh and their insurance premiums just went up 30%.
Not true
Please don't fall for this small Biz owners.
If the top .2% of Americans don't get their tax cuts, how will they afford their golden toilets?
and they can't think for themselves to figure out that they won't ever benefit from the estate tax repeal.. DUH!
maybe you should explain why you want less military spending but force them to take a plane it doesnt want because its built in your state
Who benefits when do take their money?
And it does NOT stop PA Inheritance Tax.
Thank you for reminding us how discriminatory the estate tax is.
you helped put him in the white house. stop acting like you want to make a difference. that time has come and gone.
no rich person pays the death tax....it is in trusts so that they don't pay the death tax, only small business pay the tax...you lie
Our so-called president, the tweet'[g little sparrow by the name of @realDonaldTrump always ``FORGETS'' to tell the negative side of things.
Watch this enlightening video!
Breaker breaker 1-9, no benefit for you!
At this point, would they care?
Weren't you going to raise the income tax to 85% lol.
You want everyone to pay 70% to a government that abuses the money.If we paid $5.2 Trillion 3 of it would be pissed away by dem buerocrats.
Trump won because he understands tax abuse.He was mistreated as a business owner for years.Bernie- Get a second job and keep your hands out of our pocket
Bernie- you silly fool.It benefits everyone that leaves an estate http://behind.Rich - Poor.Why tax the poor and hurt them worse? Govt isn't owed our death benefits.
You mean people like you right?
They're dumb racist white people. They don't get it! They just want to make sure they hate blacks the world can burn for all they care
He always leaves out important facts
My only complaint about this video is that it just uses Trump as a counter point. The GOP has been pushing this lie forever.
Oh did he forget to mention that?
#TrumpTrain #Trump You might want to take a look at this.
but we didn't forget how you Bernie sold out and took hillarys money
@realDonaldTrump DID NOT FORGET....He LIES ! #LIARinChief
http://fortune.com/2015/04/13/death-tax-killing-american-family-farms/ …  read between the lines... YES the estate tax is hurting the family farms.  Listen to the farmers not talking heads
Knowledge is power! Unfortunately, his base does not have either
THANKS  TO  @photoartist9 AN INADVERTENT TYPING ERROR THAT WOULD HAVE HURT THE ELDERLY WAS FOUND! MY CORRECTED TAX PLAN IS ATTACHED.
Stll wouldn't work. If this is a tax rate on income this would barely cover 20% of the current general fund.
As a tax on actual net worth it would be closer to 50%, but it would do significant damage to food production.
I don’t understand this point elaborate!
80% of domestic food production comes from family owned farms of less than 1000 acres. These farms bring in little over median household
But have a net worth over a $1m many of them several million.
There are many examples where there is a huge discrepancy between annual income and net worth.
What's nuts is he probably really believes this will help small businesses.
If a ruler listens to lies, all his officials become wicked. Proverbs 29:12
Just another way he bends the facts to suit his agenda. More money of the wealthy is all that he cares about.

I don't think he forgot, typical TRUMP move to just not tell the truth.
Stop just stop. You're a liar, and a hypocrite.  You aren't fooling anyone. BTW it's President Trump @realDonaldTrump
Only education will fix stupid voting. Republicans keep defunding education, keeping voters ignorant.
.02% of our nation has hijacked the government & only they are seeing anything positive from Trump. The rest are who they feed off of.
How many times will the People let politicians con them before they take it upon themselves to demand they are held accountable for it?
Your being generous tosay Trump forgot.
None of those deaths afraid of the"DEATH TAX'  WILL ever B affected, propaganda
wing of gop have altered their tiny brains 4 ever. Clueless.
It’s only going to help Frump and his misfit kids
There is no better illustration of the arrogance of socialism than the #DeathTax #NotYourMoney #NoDoubleTaxation #MyFamilyEarnedIt

Wealth in the hands of a few will lead to anger and resentment, then turmoil as in the French Revolution.
Hey hey hey. Bernie. Stop nagging.
He also neglected to clarify that the 8000 tax cut he said would be typical was over 10 years.
More fake news from the left wing commie sanders, whose wife stole millions and so did his crooked daughter
Bernie u shld reach out and have a talk with Trump.  U shld be bipartisan. Stop kissing ass on democrats. They don't like u. Be a uniter.
Mr. Trump is a complete dotard and has zero care for anyone but himself. He’s an authoritarian install and Russian puppet. #russiatrump
People don't understand how huge an asset home ownership can be when passed down.  Of course trump wants to help maintain the glass floor.
The only "truck drivers" who would benefit from a repeal of the estate tax would be the   families of the CEOs of the largest trucking....
Trucking companies in the country like JB Hunt, Schneider, Roadway etc.  Anyone who's not a millionaire who is for this is a sucker. Period.
My father drove a truck. He and mom live comfortably in retirement off his teamster pension and S.S. Trust me, there is no estate to tax.
Socialism is unsustainable 
#BernieOrBust Maybe is 2018 we learn our lesson Vote them out and this won’t happen again or nothing changes with @GOP policies. #Resist
Leaving truckers whom, Donald Trump is talking to children, with an umeven playing field.
Donald Trump might not, be being helped but his kids are being helped. His grandchildren which are not even born yet are being helped. 
....
If you're not outraged you're not paying attention.  Donald Trump is a con artist.
Don't be fooled by this rhetoric.  .....
It is to help the 0.2 percent of Americans 
Donald Trump is a con. Don't believe him
( Donald Trump) America.
Getting rid of the Estate tax  (aka) the death tax. Helps only people die w/over 5.5 million dollars in their estate.....
Repeal it ? Sounds like the rate needs to be lifted!
The blockheads that voted for and now blindly support @POTUS are too ignorant to even watch this video...he's counting on it too #TrumpLies
Exactly what makes you say this, Bern? I’m not in that bracket, yet it would benefit me! You’re just obstructing, lamenting, resisting! Sad!
It wasn’t an oversight, I’m quite sure.
It doesn't matter, families having to sell existing business/farms to pay chunk of change gov demands. Why does gov deserve family $$$?
Omg quit spewing lies!!!!
That's democracy for you. This is the risk you take. Stop whining.
This is why your base isn't expanding where needed, There is a fundamental difference...
many people, the truckers included, don't like the government taking anyone's money regardless if its theirs or someone elses.
#WorstPresidentEver
Try to consentrate on paying your own bills and stop ripping off peoe bloody bernie.
@NFL kneel? Yep!
Trump is self serving!! How could we expect less from the SOB??
He didn't forget he just don't care all about the rich. And filling pockets of the rich
You are saying that only .2% of people in America will die with a will with assets? 323m in USA. only 646k will die with money? Your nuts.
It’s the owners of the trucking companies that benefit.
Either #Trump is #dumber than #dirt,or he's #evil doing. Maybe both! His #sheep #follow his #lead anywhere.Even if it #destroys #them.
Trump still can't believe he won the elections, so he's still campaigning with fake promises.
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/08/us/donald-trump-tape-transcript.html … Don-ald is a IDIOT and the world knows it - they came outa the woodwork to vote for THE IT
As a former trucker, I say 'Trump, truck this!"
Not surprised trump would'nt include important details to lie like other republicans
Not sure what's sadder, Republicans lying about tax reform or people believing it's not aimed at making rich richer with little help 4 most.
Making the rich richer #ForTheFew
@POTUS
The so called wealthy pay 90% of taxes! Let’s tax ‘entitlements’ and EBT cards. Just to make it fair Bernie
They control 98% of the money. Voting against your own interests. Let's give 'em a break! The people with zero $ are the problem for eating!
have your favorite think tank examine effects of nationalizing health insurance and paying for it with a 100% estate tax.
Did you know that there is a spy ring in Congress? #AwanSpyRing #AwanBrothers
It is an immoral gov grab of private property.
OK, if it keeps a family farm or other business in the hands of family it is well worth repealing it.
Another pile of from his mouth
Forgot? Riiiiiiight. He forgot :-P
Bernie I really need my health care I don't want die can you do anything to stop trump

'The Most Dangerous Man in the World’: Trump Is Violent, Immature and Insecure, Psych Experts Say
The Republican’s Guide to Presidential Etiquette https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/08/opinion/editorials/republican-etiquette-guide.html … @Whitehouse @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @presssec @JohnCornyn @gop
DUH. Anyone making below 122k a year is NOT MIDDLE CLASS. How can you have an 'estate' if you're lower-middle or poor?
All 30 of them...
I’ll never have a large enough estate for the death tax to apply to me, but that doesn’t lessen my opposition to it on matter of principle.
Only truckers with self owned solid gold 16 wheel trucks will benefit from the repeal of the estate tax
WHY SHOULD WE HAVE TO BREAK UP A FAMILIES WEALTH JUST BECAUSE IT IS VAST? WHAT RIGHT DOES A COUNTRY HAVE THO SAY YOU CAN ONLY BE THIS RICH
It is very sad- lies lies and more lies
I'm not upset over the estate tax rollback, what upsets me is the lie that everyday folk will somehow benefit from this B. S.
This is normal for Mr @realDonaldTrumphe lies("truthful hyperbole"in his,"alternative facts"by spokes);those who discover lie"fake news"
If you start going to a funeral every month, it will be 40 years until you go to one where the estate tax applies. Sourcewarren Buffett
There should not be an estate tax...period!
Forgot? Hell no! That requires understanding simple math. But put quotes around “forgot” and the dotard-in-chief totally “forgot.”
w/ DJT's direct appointments of 0.1%-ers to government office, DT repeal movement points to consolidation of wealth/power like never before.
How much longer, God? How much longer?
What’s new!lies.. lies & lies
Trumps so famous tactic.  "lying by omission."
I fail to see what’s wrong with concentrating wealth in families over generations. I disagree with the estate tax. I’m not anti-wealth.
He meant it. He just thinks any business under $100 million is small. $11 million is not small but tiny and insignificant.
He seems to forget a lot of everything. And still no comment on Nor Cal fires.
Hi @SenSanders. I’m just a little confused as to why we would need to tax someone’s wealth upon death if they’ve already paid taxes on it. ?
Thanks Bernie for your work. But the Trump voters believe everything what Trump said. Why he don't  speak in the University? Is he afraid
