it's not being outlawed, people just need to be responsible for themselves. why must others pay for it?
They are not paying for it.  She is paying for it in the policy she purchases.  And you do not pay a cent towards her coverage.
if you mandate coverage, premiums go up for everyone. notice how premiums have jumped since Obamacare? basic business principle.
Per your biz principal.  Insurance companies insured w/guarantee of risk corridor payments that were never paid.  Premiums went up.
if the payments are coming from the govt, it's still coming from us
False.  Income taxes do not fund the ACA.  There is a .09% Medicare tax on those making over $250,000.
tax is a tax is a tax
For all the ShariaLaw fear mongering, THIS is the imposition of Unconstitutional ChristianLaw being imposed on non-Christians.
No, I'm pretty sure murder is universally a crime.
My body. My business. Not yours. Not your religions.
No, it's not your body, its the babies body.
Sorry, dude. I was here first. My body. My business.
You can say another body is yours however many times you want. Doesn't change the fact it isn't
You're entitled to your beliefs, as I'm entitled to mine. Whether you like them or not.
Your belief isn't legitimate. You're saying you have higher ownership over another life than that life itself. That's called slavery.
So, when are we going to stop paying for Viagra?
Most plans DO NOT.
A statement without evidence is known as an opinion.
ACA does not pay for any ED meds on any tier of coverage.
"The good news is that Obamacare also made it so that insurers had to cover medications like Viagra."
It's funny that you talk about reproductive justice but are pro-choice. What about justice for what is being reproduced?
They have, currently, exactly the same rights you or I do.
When I stated what is being "reproduced" I am referring to unborn children. According to people like Senator Sanders they do not have any
As am I. Under Roe versus Wade, fetuses have no more or less rights than you or me.
So if we as ppl in general have same rights as unborn babies according to Roe v Wade then I can kill if I do not want you in my life?
No, but you do not have to so much as give a pint of blood to keep me alive.
No I don't but according to your statement we have the same rights as unborn babies so it does not matter.
They  come up with artificial uteruses or a way to transfer pregnancies, and we can talk again.
I’m too old for this kind of worry for myself but Trump is so determined to move us back decades.  He is a nightmare!
No Trump doesn't. Besides it's up to congress.
I am in the 68% who don’t trust Trump. A proven fact - Russia interfered in our 2016 elections with no flack from President. Bother you?
Population about 325,000,000. 231,556,622 eligible voters, 138,884,643 voted. 68% of those who don't trust Trump? What?
what does that even mean
What we really wish is that the Democratic Party held fair primaries and offered a candidate who wasn't such neo liberal corporatist tool.
Killing babies is OK?
You are out to lunch. This is not about killing babies, it is about a woman’s right.
when is it a women's right to kill a baby?
Nobody is killing babies. You need know circumstances before you can comment.
Yes they are.  Yet when ppl are not ok with that they are all of the sudden "Republicans trying to control women's lives"
Would you define a woman rights and full reproductive justice? You love to hear yourself talk.
not to belabor the obvious but we wouldn't be having this discussion if @HillaryClinton were in office...
Or if @berniesanders was in office. Too bad the Democratic party decided to rig the primary and put forth the weaker candidate :(
ya'll R too funny...
an article from 7-16...seriously?! oh & the emails cited were meaningless & proved nothing...UR like a drowning man clutching a straw
Yes please don't. @realDonaldTrump doesn't care about woman, he only thinks woman are his property.
Why? Because YOU might have to pay $20 to not get knocked up?
I'm how about it's because it's my body & why should he take away something that has nothing to do with him
No one took anything away. You can still buy it for $20 . Or is that the issue. You want someone else to pay for you not to get pregnant
I can't argue with an idiot I'm sorry but talking to you makes me wanna bash my head off a cinder block
Go ahead. Don’t let me stop you.
Well nothing is going to be passed, plus so green is getting all the paper work prepared for an impeachment so.. 
Lol. You stay on that Maxine Waters team. What are you going to do when he’s re-elected in 2020?
You should burn at the stake.
What is “reproductive justice”?
Didn't you spend most of your adult life leeching off women?
The people of this country should have the right to fire Trump and to get rid of some of his followers. We are his employer . Fire him
Do it NOW?!!  He is about to start WW-3..claiming NOW "only one answer"   Get with it people.. FIRE HIM"

Get em' Bernie. @swo332
Don't we all want to see the rate of abortions decrease? Because of the ACA mandate, rates of unintended pregnancies & abortions are down!
A women does not have the right to kill a child...that’s not women’s rights that’s murder
Then support birth control
The only reproductive justice is sterilization.
1. Which means u still want to support women’s rights to kill God’s design & primarily reverse their mistakes
This isn't human
Then you are not fighting for justice.  You are fighting for female supremacy.
Thank you for being a decent human, @SenSanders.
And out of touch with what the majority of America wants
Which is...not to be a decent human?
Why would you reply to this particular comment with your partisan bullshit? What are you achieving?
Easy snowflake. He or you don’t speak for the majority of Americans. And, last I checked A1 allows me to express my thoughts, just like you
Try to stay on topic, snowflake.
What about the rights of the unborn child ? Stop talking about reproductive justice as there is no justice in taking the life if a child
You said it best “unborn” therefore not alive. If you don’t want an abortion don’t have one. Mind your own business, not others.
Next time you watch an ultrasound of an unborn child check the image of the beating heart and moving arms and legs
It is logically impossible for embryos to possess a right to live...you’re just a sexist hellbent on restricting choices for women.
The child is alive, as you and I are; Bernie Sanders brought up the issue of rights not me;
If you would focus on making life better for the people already born, there would be a lot less abortions. Think about it.
Agree with this
"full reproductive justice" what does that even mean!?
Govt paying to transition trannies I would imagine
@elizabethforma @PPact what can women do 2day, then tomorrow, then next month, then next year 2stop the GOP’s attack (hatred of) on women?
Buy condoms. Stop reproducing.
Ok, I’ll give U the “buy condoms” argument even though some women allergic.
But “stop reproducing”. Women need 2stop having sex? Remember, abortions are out, that murder to the GOP, right?
Last I checked abortions are still legal. Women have choices other than condoms if allergic.
All I’m hearing from U is, women wants 2have sex, protection is ALL HER RESPONSIBILITY. Men have no part in that icky part, just penetration
Not at all. I always have condoms. I also have womens condoms as well. Protection is both men and women’s responsibility. EQUALLY.
Then I stand humbly corrected. You, sir, are one of the good ones. I thank you for thinking of the women  Many don’t.
I want asthma rights. My inhalers doubled in price because of y'alls stupid ObamaCare.
If a man has exclusive rights to his own body, so should women, why is that lost on republicans?
Single payer, full access. Herbs and over the counter sales.
Just let the government make all decisions for you! Shining example of who they think they need to save. Unmotivated and unable to take care of yourself, or not paying taxes maybe? Nothing makes a person hate socialism like looking at how much is deducted from your paycheck......
Murdering, I agree with.  But what the fuck does communism have to do with this?
Oh.  That communism.
Yeah, contraception...connecting dots *tries real hard* What a wonderful gentleman to have with us. :) Trump I mean. Wonderful that he'd not use a barrier method for feeling people up. In fact I think he has a right to abort the presidency. Plaid wool sweater & R&R, he'd be fine.
Social justice 123 wewwew I wanna b pc wewwew that's just the way to be for me AND YOU
Please do SOMETHING right, @SenSanders!
I used to think Bernie was for the people , now we have an administration that’s for the people , Bernie turns political.
When did you start ?
2. As humans, we should do everything in our power 2 protect & defend ALL human life, no matter what stage of life they r in. Life is a gift
In other words @BernieSanders is fighting for a woman’s right to kill her own child.
Another hypocrite have sex when ever and skip out in responsibility .
I am responsible and loyal. I’ve been in a successful and happy marriage for the past 25 years. – at The Beach at The Ritz Half Moon Bay
Everything is on the woman. What about the man? The woman can't make a baby by herself. Maybe men should get snipped.
In kindergarten.
Guess how many woman in Germany over the age of 20 get free birth controll!
Only ones who qualify for a contraceptive program for low income
Women's rights begins with equal pay, so there wouldn't have to be dependency on the higher earning males
Try again.  I make more than most men.
Well then this issue doesn't pertain to you exclusively, it's about general welfare of citizens overall
What the hell is "full reproductive justice"??
The men telling their mistresses to abort their unborn babies are the same men telling us what we can or cannot do w/ our bodies. #Wrong
Abortion should not be used as birth control there are many other ways
No one said anything abt abortion used as birth control. "Contraceptives" are pills or injectables. As a guy, I'm sure you're fully aware 
Does PPH offer abortion
Less than 3% of what they do is that. Where do you get off telling women what they can or can't do with their bodies?
They kill over 300,000 a year
we are talking a very small % of insured individuals, on an item that is available at Walmart for $9.00. Overreact much?
So many are telling women what to do, yet so many men not paying child support and no laws to force them. Hypocrisy at its finest.
Are you sure you can bring yourself to support "the establishment " Planned Parenthood Bernie?
@ChelseaClinton @MeghanMcCain what can women do 2day, then 2morrow, then next month, then next year 2stop the GOP’s attack on women?
I just read what these ignorant,inhuman beings in Congress did. The GOP & DT have said to employers you don't have to cover birth control.
This administration & Congress have got to go. If you care about our democracy, & Constitution never vote Republican.Their actions are cruel
Thank you, Senator Sanders! Can you tell me,  if they also determined that men must pay for their own Erectile Dysfunction drugs?
#WomensHealth matters, men have it easy, and to restrict women from there right to medication is outrageous #Bernie2020  #EnoughIsEnough
Not wanting to pay for something is not the same as denying someone access. I don't want to pay for your dental plan, you pay extra for that
Does “full reproductive justice” include the future human being that has been produced?
Pay for your own baby murder.
What about justice for unborn infants who can feel pain?
Bernie some times I wish your folks used birth control..
My premium going up to $19,800 for just me and my wife will $10000 deductible this year Bernie! I can no longer afford Obamacare. Thx Bernie
Reproductive Justice?! Absurdity! #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
what will you do?
that time Gloria Steinem Made Bernie Sanders an “Honorary Woman”...
A Real Feminist!
Oh #BankFraudBernie, why can’t you stop lying? Will you please outline which “rights” are being denied to women please?
Bernie wants babies murdered. How hideous.

How is it that women in 2017 still don't know how to avoid pregnancy?
Women are NOT the victims of unwanted pregnancy. 

The child is. #AbortionIsMurder 

Men love abortion so they can eliminate the evidence
I guess $$ talks loudly. Dems & socialists exposed. I think open secret Weinstein disregarded basic rights of women? Ur silence is deafening
Please do some urgent events. flooded and develop Salton Sea. Will fixed all climate and economics problems of US & Mexico  Sektong-chan@msn
Reproductive services that’s what you call murder PPH murders 1,046 babies a day six days aweek over 300,000 per year reproductive services?
Nothing is gonna happen to their rights. Just like nothing will happen to gun rights.


I don't care what women do as long as they pay for it. My taxes should not pay for any type of birth control.
It's also a woman's right to pay for her own abortion & or birth control too.

You can start by impeaching him senator.  When will that be?
Woman are not denied any rights and if you want to have sex use birth control not murder.
, all that and while we're at it, can we start a national discussion about the abuse of capitalism?
Thank you Mr. Sanders!
Our*
What r u doing about professors that push their opinions kids didn't sign up for this!!!!
HOWS YOUR WIFES BANK FRAUD CASE GOING BERNIE
Shill
Let's have some "reproductive justice" for aborted babies.  Women have the right to purchase "reproductive justice" at the Walmart.
People like you love to spend everyone else’s money. Why don’t you pay for with your own money, you cheap bastard.
Well, don't say stupid shit about guns then, because access to mental healthcare is the crisis behind mass shootings. Stay focused.
Women should have the right to murder babies while stating that the rest have no right to defend themselves. Liberal logic.
You are such a fraud! Do you even remember when you sold out?
And hopefully somebody gonna remind military the swore an oath to the Constitution and American people..they don't work for Trump
The most entitled, spoiled, privileged group ON THE PLANET, are western women. They're so strong & independent they can pay for their own bc
Thank you Senator Sanders! I appreciate all your efforts!
Why don’t you fight for the butcher babies Bernie. Bernie the baby butcher
You’re drunk Bernie. Go to bed.
Don’t stop fighting against Trump’s desire to start a nuclear war either. That should be everyone’s biggest concern right now.
What do you mean by that, Bernie? Do you really care more about a woman's right to have an abortion while ignoring the baby's rights?
Furthermore, do you even care about a woman's rights anyway? You care more about making political points.
You Liberals & Democrats are off the mark on many issues. You only have followers who are directly affected, or too dumb to know any better.
You made Planned Parenthood as being "The Establishment."  Go away!
Your brain is clay what’s going on? You picked up that cash and now you’re gone. Filler
LOL REPRODUCTIVE JUSTICE. BERNIE YOU'RE A DINGBAT
How...that is the question.  And what can be done about his breaking the law of the land with his destruction of the ACA?
You're talkin' gouda when it's clearly brie time baby!
Love you #BernieSanders
I buy my own pills. I make my own choices. They R cheap & I will not let U violate my rights by forcing me 2 pay 4 choices of others..
I’m a woman 

And Bernie sold out Sanders does not speak for me
Bernie, move to Canada.  You'll fit right in 
How is murdering babies a right?
That's what we need....more government control over our reproduction.
Unfortunately, all your efforts will be undermined by your own party....Hate the way they treat you bern, u should be prez!!
And killing babies
What you don't get free birth control on Obama care.
Bernie WOMEN deserve better than being treated as sex  object. Stop that nonsense.
@SenSanders I gave you money prior to the CA Primary and I also voted for you.  But you dissapointed me in the fall - and to this day.
Including Harvey Weinstein? Or was he rehab' by Lisa Bloom? Dirty Harvey donations make D.C. Dems look like hypocrites...

You are the reason we have the Orange Menance. Thanks.
No one is taking that right away.
So Bernie supports 1.3M abortion/yr, and then fights for full reproductive justice? #sickdems
Women!? Women already have rights! Just as much as men just as much as me and everyone that lives in this country!
Oh Lord  I don't feel I don't have rights only for d liberals
Bernie, please don't talk about 'reproductive justice' ever again. It just sounds wrong coming from you. 
Just go down to walmart 14.99 for a 24 pack. 17.99 for ribbed. You will half to make it stretch to the first that's 6 days without sex.
Women can pay for their own birth control and abortions! Government should NOT be a part of it in ANY way!
Women pay for insurance, which should cover basics like birth control. The government should have to be involved but companies are shitty.
Government should only be involved with capping prices. Government should Not be responsible for basic necessities! Can't afford don't do!
Insurance should be providing necessities, but they weren't until the government mandated it. The GOP wants to go back to how it was. I dont
Bernie
"Reproductive justice?" #BankFraudBernie seems to consider slaughtering a viable baby "Justice". How dare a baby exist? Scary.
Sorry @SenSanders lots of words from your end, nice idealistic words but little action. Btw, opinion on Russia Hacking n how it helped u?
Whatever that means.
Kill those unborn children! Some would call that genocide Bernie
@SenSanders, strange that you don’t know that abortion is the largest affront to women on the entire planet, justice?
How about some of these women stop being such whores?
Killing a baby in utero is "justice"??? Wow.
#Resist
Reproductive justice--except for the babies
Thanks
What the hell is reproductive justice? I believe you mean tax payer funded abortion and birth control, say what you mean socialism for all
Killing the baby is not a right.
IBernie
I agree with you on many things, but what about the unborn babies rights? Why don't they count?
What is “reproductive justice”? And how does it link to abortion?
Will you ever just go away!
Good luck with that, until women get together politically they won't be a stategic demographic and will be fully taken advantage of.
So fucking is a right now Bilbo?
WTF is reproductive justice? Punishing pussies! You're #sexist AF @SenSanders

You should donate the money your wife scammed the banks out of
won't matter if your pack doesn't get act together and find leader who unites inspires to stop Top Dog's wrecking ball to democracy & us
Oh shut up, Bernie.
Hey Bernie what about your wife is she going to go to prison?
You are the reason all this is happening sanders you and the fbi director caused ms clinton to lose the election so own it
It is a shame this statement still needs to be made in 2017. But thank you for being on the right side of this fight.
#Vasectomy
#TermLimits #FakeNews
Many employers will still provide birth control, it's just easier to opt out.

Exactly!!!
That translates to “more free shit”.
Ever had a real job?  Answer is nope!
Doesn't need to be justice, I'm good with indifference #birthcontrol #birthcontrolmandate #letwomendecide

No longer will you infringe on religious freedoms. No longer will we look at the abomination that is abortion and be silent. You lost!
It isn't changing a thing except if you work for a religious company. Stop all the hysteria.
WTF is reproductive justice? How the hell does a loon like you get elected for anything. #Idiocracy
Shut up Bernie
They still have the right we just aren't funding it..call a spade a spade 
Blah blah blah
You need to read Proverbs 19
How about the rights of your own people? Why have we not heard from you about this? https://www.facebook.com/DailyMail/videos/1490984980982417/ …
Did u just say reproductive juices.
I’ve learned a new term today: “Full Reproductive Justice!”
Hope you get saved 
You tarred Planned Parenthood as being "The Establishment." Sit down.
Here's true reproductive justice: leading abortion advocates should face an international tribunal for crimes against humanity.
I admire your persistence Sen Sanders but a United America is a thing of the past. Your energy would be better spent on New American States
Here is how you might help. Listen to all women, especially those women who are critical of you. Own your missteps. Don't hide behind Trump.
PSA: 2016 is over. Move on!
