Ahhhhhh....in case you have not noticed, Finland is a little smaller that the United States?
And? Why does that matter? It has been scaled up in other countries and can be here.
What large countries. How has socialism been working out in Venezuela. 
Any time you get something for free, guess what, it sucks!
Japan is a large country with universal health care (while 1/3 as big as us). And that's not what I'm saying. They should definitely get paid. But these huge Healthcare companies charge the US a huge premium for the same drugs that most of these other countries are getting
No place in this society.
Japan is not a large country? Japan population 126,451,400, United States population 326,625,792. Who owns the drug companies (you and me)
Yes a third of our population (which I stated above). We do not own the drug companies, they own us.
If you have a 401k, IRA or a fixed pension, you own the drug companies.
They have a population that is smaller than Wisconsin. You are free to sell your homes and move there.
The U.S. has higher per capita income.  That means we have more resources even after population is accounted for.
Finland's not trying to be the world's policeman.


Finland to Terminate Failed Universal Basic Income Experiment http://www.breitbart.com:80/london/2018/04/25/failure-finland-terminate-universal-basic-income-experimentbreitbart.com/london/2018/04 …
Surprise Breitbart is lying! I'm from Finland.

Our basic income experiment: 
- has set time period 2017-2018.
- is not terminated, it will end at the end of the year.
- is limited only to random 2000 persons, ages of 25−58.
- evaluation report will be made after the experiment
Your reply just makes me so happy lol. Breitbart is just completely allergic to facts
I wonder is there breitbartlies -website collecting & debunking all fake news with fact checking.
You can criticize the source but they aren't the only ones saying like that
So you trust NY Times over the actual Finnish institutions handling the experiment.

I'll call you Tin Foil from now on.
Finland ending their 2 year experiment on basic income. Guess that didn't work so well...
There is a huge amount of misunderstandings floating about the Finnish basic income EXPERIMENT. Like all experiments, it was designed from the beginning to be a short term EXPERIMENT, not actual implementation. 

This article has the facts correct.
That article makes more sense, it's how understood it when the project started.Thanks for the link. American media never looks favorably on 'socialist programs' it's why people here don't get it.
The thing with the basic income experiment is that it was made on PM Sipilä's watch (the guy in Janne's link), and he together with his neoliberal government never wanted it to really succeed. So it was a water-down project to begin with...
Um, because there’s like 12 people in Finland?
and the US has an equal amount of resources, brilliant point billy
We just use it for the wrong reasons... (e.g. war, billionaire bailouts, etc.)
@Berduu I'm curious, how do Sweden and Finland stack up to eachother in terms of happiness from personal opinion? (since you lived in both)
i feel finnish people are happier because they are better looking and also are better at hockey
Waited for that one 
Plus they don't live in a Country with a monarchy. Other than that its pretty close really:
To be fair though, it's a "Unitary parliamentary constitutional monarchy". Plain "monarchy" is so medieval...
Whatever, any kind of monarchy sounds medieval to me. Fawning over the institutionalised privilege of medieval warlord families. Yuck.
Yes, we may be small, so no economic power, that's true. But no technological innovations? Finland is quite good at that one, even though the innovations may not be seen in your day-to-day life. Or you just don't know where to look...
No need to look any further than the mobile phone in your hand to find finnish innovations...
Apple runs on Nokia patents. Nokia created touchscreen and tablet computer too, but they were bit too ahead of it's time.
Finland also doesn’t have 350 million people in a melting pot too
Explain the melting pot bit.
Granted I’m talking out of my ass. But Finland doesn’t have 350 million people of many different races and cultures for people to adapt to and explore. An example is the winter games. All of them are white and play a couple sports. Not very diverse
So you're saying we can't have a social safety net because of diversity?
Finland doesn't even have 6 million people. Government can't even run the VA hospital and you think we can trust you to run health care for 320 million citizens and 10 million illegals. Hahahahahaha you're a funny old man with a imagination.
Boy oh boy, how will the wealthiest nation in history ever afford to provide healthcare to its citizenry?
Boy oh boy I wonder. What ever shall the US do with all that money that they could use for healthcare, education and jobs rather than war. I WONDER
Me too. But education we spend 2nd most $$ per student in the world. But we rate 17 in performance. So answer isn't always spend more $$$$. That's what government does.
Yup. The US doesn't spend it's money wisely. Government loves sucking the dicks of companies and leaving ordinary people in the dark
We're not finland. Wanna be like finland, move there.
91-7 at 61 percent turnout is how black voters performed in the last five general elections.

White voters is why we dont have:

15 an hour min wage
Universal Healthcare 
Stronger unions
The Nlrb
The  SCOTUS
the house 
The senate
The whitehouse 

Find a mirror.  Do better.
So let me get this straight. You are the one who is against universal healthcare but it’s me who is preventing it from happening?
Their personal taxation rate is over 50% - nothing is ever truly "free"
Not true. 43%. And what you get matters. I personally suffered from cancer and got the best care in the world for it, totally free. And had 4 kids and gave high education to all 4.  Alone. For free. I don’t complain.

Very old data and I’m not sure it is correct. I checked this just a couple of days ago, its 43%. My country, I know what I pay.
Don't start this nonsense again. United States of America is not going to guarantee $15 per hour jobs, etc. STOP LYING!!!
They rank last in ethnic diversity
And? Ethnic homogeneity =\= affordability. Thanks for playing!
No, but it helps getting people in line and on board. Look at the dogpiling Kanye is getting because he has independent thoughts.
Btw rosco I love the private Twitter for political opinions, it’s a must
How else can you protect yourself
right, Bernie, tell that to the family who was told that the feeding tube to their baby will be shut off bc they decided it wasn't worth the time or money to try to save him...
UK and not Finland.but i got your point.
There is no point, the decision was made by medical professionals for medical reasons, not money.
As a Finn, I totally agree: equality is about more opportunity for everyone.

This is my grandfather's family in 1924. They couldn't afford a chimney. My parents have university education and I have both http://M.Sc . and a PhD, total debt 900 (nine hundred) €.
And the video doesn't even mention that there is strong evidence that more equality even means stronger economic growth and economic competitiveness - see e.g. OECD's reports.
finland &denmark's pops are both approximately 5.5 million each, sweden 10 million.   we are 350 million ppl in a country 10x bigger than all 3 combined, with 35 to 63x more the pop & with CURRENT health issues they do not deal with -  so, how are you going to do it? - specifics.
don't forget you have obstructionist R who did all they could to block obama, which you failed to mention while denigrating the party & by extension the leader of it from 09 to 16.  Rs suppressed votes, to get huge tax breaks, how are you going to reverse them and go much higher?
Bernie seems to believe repeating Sweden, Denmark, and Finland hundreds of times will suddenly make Republicans vote for "free college".
I think he just try to show you how you could live up to your values - and not just talk about them. 
His values will turn this country into another Venezuela.
I can assure you that Finland (like other Nordic countries) is ’a bit different’ kind of place than Venezuela. Although, I’d love to visit Venezuela some day too! Welcome. For a visit. 
I can assure you Finland is a lot different from America which is why it's dumb and irrelevant to compare your politics to ours.
You bet! Although, Finland is sometimes concidered to be the most US-like country in N-Europe. Not sure why. Anyway, it’s just foolish to think that societies and cultures can’t learn from each others.
“Free” give us a break Bernie nothing that requires the efforts of another person is free. Please show me in our constitution where it say as a US citizen you have the right to free healthcare.  Hmm, free food ,free housing free healthcare. Socialist Utopia!
Because there's like no one in Finland, they rely on EU and US for military protection, and their taxes are high.
no
Public healthcare in Finland is not free, though charges are very reasonable. Public healthcare is the responsibility of municipalities, and is primarily funded by taxation. It is also funded by patient fees--NOTHING is FREE!!
We have way too many greedy rich assholes in positions of power.  
(Sorry, but there's no more diplomatic way to phrase it.)
Including ones that run for office and refused to release their taxes
Trader
Traitor?
Ty I'm mad today
I don't really agree with your assessment but I hope your day gets better 
Me too
With a personal tax rate of 50% you moron. How about all you goods that want national healthcare pay for it yourself voluntarily. Go for it.
Not true. Check your numbers. Higher than yours, but we don’t pay for the things you pay. It’s quite nice when you get cancer, for example. As I did. Got the best care in the world and survived. And had law degree when young. I don’t pay over 50%.
Where does the money come from to pay for all of this stuff?
It comes from the taxes we already pay that isnt being used for infrastructure, education & public services. It comes from the $30,000 that Ben Carson spent on a table or the extensive trips to Mara Lago. We have money for Trump to golf but  not for social service?
We can’t do that in this country because politicians like you are too corrupt to accomplish this.
Bernie. Wonder how many houses you could have in Finland? Does Finland allow people like your wife to defraud bank loans to colleges?
I travel to Finland for business and what he’s not telling you is how expensive everything is...$700/night hotels, no wonder everything is “free”
So you have sleeped only in the presidential suite in Hotel Kämp? **** hotels average 100-150$/night.
I don't know, why CAN'T we? Could it be we as a country have been dumbed down so badly, we believe GOP propaganda & talking points? Could it be Faux Not-necessarily-the-NEWS never shares THIS information? Reason we need NET Neutrality & NO Sinclair state run propaganda channels.
You are proof of it.
...and speaking of dumbing down....? Sadly, this is usually the best many trumpenceski's can elucidate. They either won't or can't do better
Your cut and paste job is proof enough. Go sit down somewhere, I'm sure your govt. check will arrive soon.
...Perhaps you can go sit somewhere, and your brains will arrive soon. & your manners. Clearly there is a disappointed mom(s) in your past.
Your intelligence astounds, but alas I can only have 1 mom...you know, cause biology. But I'm sure your "med school" kids would know that hahahaha.
than perhaps you haven't any children, & THEIR moms aren't disappointed. Very good, Darwin might have a valid point. Evolution is possible.
Give it up lady, you aren't who you say you are and that's cool. You prefer to steal from others through force to fund your morals. You're morally repugnant.
You could have spent 2015 teaching people about the duty of citizenship: paying taxes, but no, you promised free stuff without raising social consciousness on what it takes to be a social democracy.
Bernie just wants somebody to give him the authority to scold everybody
I bet that he would knit his brows more furiously...probably wag his finger more vigorously too...
Lets get on this mr. sanders!!!

The ObamaCare “death panels” were modeled on this political infrastructure. My cousin’s husband was diagnosed with cancer and advised to accept “palliative care.” He was told government health insurance would not “be wasted” trying to save a man his age. …
What’s Finland’s military budget?
Population of Finland 5.5 million, not much diversity. Population of US 300,000 a lot of diversity. See the difference, Bernie?
Greetings from Finland. You're welcome for a visit Bernie!

You guys used to hold up Sweden as an example. You don't really like to talk about Sweden much anymore do you?
Sweden and Finland don’t differ so much. We are neighbours.
Agreed. We are neighbours and good friends. (As long as hockey is not involved)
Don’t forget Canada. Fee healthcare and great at hockey too.
I like Canada. Canada is my escape plan if Russia invades the Nordic countries. I belive it's pretty similiar to us (which is good) but with bigger trees. 

And yeah, you're almost to good at hockey.
And I always enjoyed the Nordic countries. The world would be a better place if the rest of the world copied your model. Matt Naslund and Peter Forsberg are among my favourite players.
You have to care about the people in order to do that! Evidently, Finland does care about its people. That leaves a big question in my mind about the leaders of the United States!!!?
The incongruity between your ”devout” Christian leaders and the decidedly UNChristian way your system treats people in need is mindboggling to me.
Well you fail to mention that their tax rate is over 51%. I don't think too many Americans would be willing to give over half of their earnings away to politicians, hoping they spend it wisely.
We have progressive tax%. For example, if you working as cook, waitress, customer services, etc. you pay only 15% taxies in Finland and what you get from goverment? Check:
Its obvious that a rather large part of our nation still thinks slavery is a good thing and women don’t count. We as a nation continue to struggle with these issues now more-so than ever. Our current administration has no morality or desire to shut down misogynistic bigots.
That’s why we can’t have nationwide healthcare, free college or affordable childcare. Because the conservatives in this nation believe that those values equal freeloading and they’re not EVER going to let their tax money fund these things.
Yes. And you pay as a nation two to three times more for healthcare that is not available for all and that has subpar quality to the Finnish system.
Very sadly, Finland has a much higher suicide rate than the US 
Turns out having entire days without sunlight during winter plays havoc with the human psyche.
It sure does! Interestingly the suicide rate of Finland is some 50% higher than Sweden, Norway and Denmark.
Very few people live as far north as the southern-most part of Finland in those nations.
Actually, the winter solstice in Oslo is almost precisely the same as Helsinki. Stockholm’s winter solstice has a whopping 15 minutes more sun. Any other explanation you got?
Countries with high suicide rates are all also in close proximity to Russia.
Must be haunted by ghosts of the winter war.
Likely just a coincidence though.
That’s a good one actually! A lot of ex Soviet block communist countries.
AND the best public school system in the world.
Because no one wants to fork over the large taxes it would cost.
So instead of us ALL getting these benefits, you have to be wealthy to afford getting very sick, especially as you age; nursing homes aren’t covered by Medicare
My mother’s tax rate in Finland was 24% and 20% when she moved to the US. She got absolutely nothing for the 20% she paid in the US, but had to pay ridiculous insurance premiums on top of what she paid in income tax. Doesn’t really seem fair from the American perspective.
some quick research shows the tax rate on middle class type income is 51 percent.  so either your mom had very little income or you got that rate wrong.
Do you have a source? The median income in Finland is 36,000€/a. A 60-year-old person living in Helsinki, with this salary will have a tax rate of 26,25%. The same person making the US median income of 26,000€ would pay 19,75% in Finland. http://www.vero.fi/veroprosenttilaskuri …

We could but the billionaires who rule this country don't want happy, healthy, educated people...harder to brainwash open, curious minds.
And don’t expect a living wage either.

That doesn't mean we're shutting down social security. The "basic income system" was on a trial stage as whether to implement it or not. We still have social security after it.
Didn't say you were shutting down social security.
http://www.kela.fi/web/en/basic-income-experiment-2017-2018 … from the beginning, the idea of basic income experiment was to last at the end of this year.
Because they only have 5 million people you asshat
actually theses systems scale. That’s why healthcare insurance is cheaper the larger the pool is.
How is Medicare for all gonna work, when do many states rejected Medicaid expansion?  How is it gonna be found consitutional if it passes?
Finland, like most country full of white people, is actually a system based on sharing a common project through shared values.
What you are advocating for is White Supremacy
Because you and others in Congress approve ridiculous defense budgets and lower taxes on corporations. When are you going to start calling out your Republican colleagues by name? Show some courage Bernie. Call them out.
It can.
Note that Finland does not involve itself in foreign conflicts & is content to take care of its own citizens
Finland actually participates in Nato-led operations, even more than some member countries. But we spend most in defence forces. We have one of the largest armies in Europe.
Thank you for the info - I also found this
Because it is too late and entrenched for Americans to change.
“It’s about freedom...” to use the force of government to get stuff from people. @SenSanders is as anti-American as they come.
Notice that "Life" is first and foremost of "Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness."
Doesn’t justify using force thru government on others for things you have no right to take as an individual. Do understand the concept I’m talking about?
I never said it is theft. What happens if you don’t pay them?
You are effectively stealing from society when you don't pay taxes.
Theft is a crime, and that is why you are punished when you do not pay your taxes.

Unless you're rich then you avoid taxes and spend the windfall on other rich people and convincing people like you that taxes are bad.
Ok so u admit that government collects taxes w/the threat of force. At least you’re being honest now.

So you’re saying that my property belongs to society not me? Cuz if it’s theft to not pay taxes that argument presumes that the fruits of my labor were never mine to begin with.
It is funny how many people in US consider Scandinavian countries to be socialist. There are other ways to divide the pie than just socialism.
Why are they ending their basic universal income program then? Nobody wants to work and they can’t make enough taxes to compensate.
Because it's easier to continue with old system, though it involves loads more bureucracy. You get the same amount of money from different sources if you're unemployed, the idea was to unify them all.
Because we like war. We’d rather spend our tax money on waging war. And helping corps get rich making the machines of war.
Good morning (8 am here) everyone and greetings from Finland! I would like to point out that we are NOT a socialist country. This is a Nordic welfare state-model and it has nothing to do with socialism. We simply collect and address our taxfunds better than you.
Finland doesn't have hundreds of millions of people living in it.

Bernie, assertion by repetition is one of your main forms of argumentation. It's not an argument. It's a logical fallacy.
Why can't it be done on a larger scale? Oh wait, it is in other countries.
Yes. Like the NHS, in my country, where they're the only business that's literally awarded for failure!
Hey ho for incentives, eh? 
The numbers are absolutely clear.
My friend recently died on an NHS waiting list waiting for routine surgery. My mum died in January.
Same thing.
And that's <70 million.

Do you know the costs?

Tell me this - would you rather have a shit in a public toilet, or a private one in someone's home?
Aristotle pointed this out millenia ago - things that are publicly owned are cared for by no one.
Bureaucracy reins.
A paracetamol in Asda? 16 pence.
The NHS? 10 pounds!
No charter schools, no vouchers, no standardized testing in Finland.

You’re always highlighting the whitest countries. Why is that?!
Also, it’s like he has no concept of population size and how it relates to national economics and hegemonic political ideology

Everybody who wants free medical care, college and child care should move to Finland. They have open borders, right?
I presume you think you can’t come here to live and work? Yes you can. If you are an EU citizen, with no restrictions. Not so hard from elsewhere eighter.
Bernie praises EU's most homogenous society & "happiest" 4 white ppl. Finnish Ministry/Foreign Affairs' article on foreigners states: "Negative attitudes & xenophobia r among the main population towards foreigners." Then again Bernie's VT is the "whitest state n the US”-US Census
✔︎ Finland population =  5.495 million (2016)
✔︎ US population = 323.4 million (2016)

Bernie, you've had a 40-yr career as a politician w no significant legislative accomplishments (@jackjonesbabe) & you'd likely turn the USA into Venezuela 

Sit down, Bernie.

Jajajajaja que tremenda respuesta
Me enseñó @josefreilef
Jajajaja sos gigante @AllanVelasco96
Estoy enamorado de Macron, por cierto
Biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii

Suave suave!!
Finland has a top marginal personal income tax rate of 51.6%. The US is “just” 37%. They also have very high, highly progressive local and municipal income taxes.

They have modest business taxes, but levy a 24% VAT.

Finland’s real economic growth rate consistently lags the US.
Finland’s tax rates are also far flatter and less progressive than the US, with people paying much higher tax rates at much lower income levels.
Also, if they’re so freakin’ happy in Finland, why does the WHO report their suicide rate as being 12.7% higher than the US and 19.3% higher than all of Europe?
Good question. I’ve heard the same thing. I’ve also heard that there is a much higher opiate dependency as well.
I think thats mostly because doctors give out painkiller prescriptions easily . In the mandatory military service we had a guy who became immune to normal pain meds due to the docs there giving them out like candy.
Helpompi antaa särkylääkettä ku vemppaa.
Values worth cherishing 
Because Finland is about 1/8th the size of the US.
Finland not motivated by big Corp money that puts profits above it's citizens. America is no longer the richest country but the greediest.
Of course you can. You need a good tax system for that; high tax rate for most (general acceptance for paying for a common good), and effective tax collection system which as few as possible can evade. Important issue - as nothing in Finland or elsewhere is "free", just "better".
I live in one of these countries you use as examples, and it amases me how often you fail to include the cost, and how it is covered. I am very happy with the common services we have "for free", but I am of a culture used to pay for common services. I pay almost 50% income tax.
And that is not including other taxes and tariffs we pay on goods and services that contribute to cover the significant cost associated with healthcare and education etc. I think it is the best and most fair solution, with lowest per patient/student (etc) cost. But it isn't free
The cire thing is, that this is not about a pet cause. It is about transforming an entire society, as "everything" is connected and must be adapted. If you think that is done in a whiff, with populist claims, you are at best ignorant, at worst a cruel charlatan giving false hope.
For those saying what Finland does can't be scaled to the US, what about other larger countries that provide similar services like England and France?
#Canada has similar services with 36 million people.  The tax rate is 15% on the first $46,605 of taxable income.  The highest tax rate is 33%.
I bumped into Europeans to learn they get 6 weeks paid vacation as young adults. Here you have to do 30 years employment to obtain that time stretch and too old to bounce around like a 20 year old.
6 weeks paid vacation always when you have worked for the same employer for over a year. Vacation accrual 2 days/worked month for the first year and 2,5days/worked month after that.
Thank You for sharing the facts
On the moment Finnish goverment is working hard to make Finland more like the US. Sad.
Not just Finland, all of the Nordic countries, and the all rank top 5-6 in globall ‘happiness’ research!
Why? Because of income equality.
Where was your wagging finger and gaping pie hole when the red state governors petitioned SCOTUS to deny the Medicaid provision of the ACA to their minority population?  You had nothing to say to them, because you're an all talk FRAUD.
US taxpayers call it #socialism when Finnish taxpayers money is spent on free education and healthcare for all. Following this logic, spending on military is also “socialism". Shouldn’t every US “capitalist" buy their own ballistic missiles?
For the millionth time: Finland doesn't have our legacy of slavery and racism, which causes a third of the country to believe millions of other Americans are not part of 'us', but part of 'them'.  You downplay/ignore this sad truth.
All Americans get for their taxes is more death, destruction from more wars.
Be real that’s just more BS naive youth buy into/Finland is 99%White-Homogeneous and USA heterogeneous -62% white pronounced racial divide -that will not even support Obama’s care benefits for them. And lastly nation of Christian hypocrites and ‘BS’ chameleon Indepents
Well Sweden is much more diverse, and they manage the same system as well as we in Finland.
It started so well...

In Finland you end up paying +70 % taxes (including all taxes). This is truly sick system for hard working citizens.
Because the fight against greed, corruption and selfish narcissism is always an uphill battle as so many people anonymously support the wrongs.  The only way to selflessly get is to give.
Finland spends 1.7% of its GDP on defense. The US spends 3.3% on defense.
Nice lies about freedom in Finland !Not everyone here is free to choose ...and there is no justice for everybody either..
-Kauniita valheita vapaudesta Suomessa .. ei täällä kaikilla ole vapautta valita eikä oikeutta myöskään..
Verrattuna jenkkeihin ja erittäin moneen maahan - kyllä on. Ehkä sinulla on mielessä maa, joka toimii paremmin?
En vertaillut tuossa, kunhan totesin!!
I can’t read this jibberjabber! Speak something civilized like Norwegian! 
Probably our happiness has a lot to do with  our own secret language. #Finnish Google translator is getting better but still fails.
Because we aren't all white with the exact same values. We are diverse in every way imaginable. This is not even close to a 1:1 comparison
So we can't do this because you're racist? I don't see how not being white changes how socialism functions.
Wait... how in any way from that tweet did you conclude that I'm racist in any way...?
The assumption that America can't do something because it isn't all white strikes me as obviously racist.
You clearly missed the entire point of the tweet if you're focused in on the race factor. You've got blinders on - try to see the larger point and get back to me
Yep! Alot of other countries are ahead of us on this, and on controlling pollution, too.
Child care? Alfie is getting great care in UK isn't he Bernie! How about we take all your meds away just    because you are 76 years old!
But, we can't, we got freedom bombs to buy.
Because rich people make more money when you don’t do any of these things
Why do you talk about different things like they're the same? You obsess over single-payer, yet other countries have many different systems to provide Universal Health Care to people.
I am Finn by blood, American by birth and happily agree with You! Let's get it done!

With an average income tax rate of 53% and a VAT of 24%, is it really free. Don’t think so.
Let me guess, the Fox News told you so? :D
Here’s Finland’s tax rates. Nothing is free. Can you imagine paying 52% income tax and then 24% sales tax?
Where is this chart from...? 52% is probably the max but not for all. This is then for the ones who earn the most. Regards from happy tax payer!
Maybe no fiscal debt and they’re not in the top 10 military spenders in the world.
Finland spends about 1,3% of the GDP to the military and we have a large conscription based army due to Russia, but yeah, Finland does not spend very much directly.
They have free healthcare and college and we have billionaires. It all balances out.
Can't wait to spend the "average" tax savings that most taxpayers won't get

But, he “ALWAYS” has that look???
Happiest country in the world, huh? This the model you want?
Meanwhile, the subsidized coverage I have from the ACA costs me $90 a month, I don’t need a referral to see specialists, the visit costs $5 & I got an appointment with a Emory Hospital kidney specialist with only a 7 day wait! I go on Tuesday!

Thanks but NO THANKS, Bernie
We have our own issues here, Finnish health cervices are being reimagined and private interest wants their piece of the pie. Also daycare workers are fighting for better wages as we speak. Still, we do take care of everybody.
I used to feel like the issues we have in Finland were gigantic, right up until I moved to the US and saw how bad things can get. You never realize how well you have things until you don’t.
I hear you loud and clear. Having talked to a few friends US born I can't help but feel lucky and blessed. At least Finland isn't actively looking to kill you.
Or trying to profit on slowly killing you!
Yes, let’s have open borders, free healthcare and free college. 

Sounds like a ... stupid idea.

Thanks God that Finland fought against and prevailed over the Bolsheviks

#BuildThatWall #communismkills 
@realDonaldTrump
"The Chevron workers may face charges of treason for refusing to sign a supply contract for furnace parts drawn up by PDVSA executives, Reuters reported earlier this week. The workers balked at the high costs of the parts and a lack of competitive bids." Venezuela, Berns Dream
Does Finland also have a giant military that protects the world’s democracy? Do they have to pay as much to protect these countries? Do they provide as much international aid to the world as the U.S?? I’m sure the answer to those questions is no. They don’t pay hardly anything.
haha we do not protect democracy i think we support up to 75% of the worlds dictators.
We do not protect Assad and Kim Jong Un. Those are the only dictators I can think of
Well, actually it's not socialism. It's governmental business going great. Finland makes investment to citizens via education and gets higher educated citizens paying more taxes. And when healthcare fixes you for free, you can continue working.
So it's win-win.
@curexi1337 can't relate
Because Finland is nothing like America?
"Why are small, homogeneous, high-trust societies able to sustain more generous welfare states than the sprawling, heterogeneous, low-trust United States?" - le Bernie Sanders
Someone pointed out that Finland was small compared to the US in that thread and the counter example a Bernie Bro jumped to was JAPAN, lol.
Some may compare the Population ? However , it should be all the more easier or cost effective (Cheaper) to provide free Education & Health Care for all . Greed has consumed the American Economy . For consistent GDP of 5% for 50 yrs we can look at Taiwan & So. Korea to Emulate .
And this: https://twitter.com/swardley/status/989059142798192640?s=21 …  
Fix it like Finland, how to manage the issue of homeless - http://www.thejournal.ie/readme/fix-it-like-finland-nowadays-there-isnt-a-single-rough-sleeper-on-helsinki-streets-3960600-Apr2018/ …
Do you ever research ANYTHING Bernie??

https://www.mastersportal.com/articles/1042/tuition-free-universities-in-finland-norway-and-germany-in-2018.html …
Nah for my sanity I try to stay away from US politics. I like bernie, but I'm ore Tulsi Gabbard supporter.
Ah, so you like virulently homophobic cult members who ain't themselves ambassadors to despite who used chemical weapons in their own people. Tulsi is trash.
100% sales tax when you buy a car in Finland. You read that correct. One. Hundred. Percent.

I'm from Finland and this is bs. Economies of scale has costs. Just because U.S has more taxable households to finance public expenditures doesn't mean that US has same fixed preferences in public service demand. You socialists are idiots.
Senator Sanders. While Finland does provide free health and child car, and college education. What is the quality of those services, compared to the U.S.
Take a look Pisa studies.
Never happen. America has been turned against one another. No one can see eye to eye on anything. Especially with the administration we have right now. To many ups and downs no consistency.
Only shows that America is NOT the “ greatest country”, at least for its citizens!
I don't think "free" means what you think, and I think it's hilarious that a POTUS candidate and sitting US Senator (who's never been gainfully employed outside of govt) is calling for the United States of America to "be like Finland".
Here's something else Finland does.
Our welfare state has been dismantled and soon no one will have free health care anymore. Don't believe propaganda about Finland.
The people with the money don’t want us2be succesful and are poisoning the system and culture in order2keep us down. So sad lots of blue collar people vote for these people who don’t care about them at all.Repubs used 2 be about fiscal responsibility,their lies are now the party.
PLUS Finland has the most innovative educational system of any country- it is quite an extraordinary model.

As a finn, I can tell that is bullshit. Why are you providing this kind of disinformation? What do you win?
Finland is like the 40y/o still living with his parents. I'm sure he is happy too. His degree in basket weaving was paid for by his parents as well as his healthcare. America has achieved more than any country on this earth in a mere 200 years.
Wherw did you find this information? Made up yourself? I was born and live here, I should know.
Hey brothers & sisters, how can we work together to share this more? Send it out in your email list maybe?
Everyone should link to it in your email sig files!
Excellent question Senator. We have the resources. There are no excuses except some don't want others to have access to these things. Doesn't matter though. These things WILL be implemented here, & the opposers will just have to live with more having access to opportunity
Say goodbye to a lot of business and say hello to a barron waste land if that's what you'd like.

Even Denmark, who has this concept is moving to capitalism to be able to fund a socialist type system... since they are about to go bankrupt.
No, they're not. You're wrong, & lying. Further, every country that has universal health car, HAS elements of capitalism already. The US is the outlier. 35 out of 36 OECD countries have UH. You're not responding to a faux news viewer. I research constantly.
Los Angeles County is twice the size of Finland.
So? The systems works as well in larger scale as well.
It absolutely does not. There are many different variables and stakeholders. Remember, they tried it in Vermont. Nearly bankrupted the state. Another example, Canada, has fewer people than California.
You do know free doesn’t actually mean free. Someone has to pay for it...
Probably because Finland has a 51% tax rate for individuals. Do some research before posting this socialist propaganda.
Average tax rate in Finland is 31%
U.S. military spending of almost $900 billion next year. Beware the military-industrial complex.
@GOP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump These disgusting GOP using DT as pawn are just keeping & want to steal more $ 4 selves
Thanks for the nice video Bernie, but Finland has begun to abandon their wonderful programs because they are too expensive. P.S. Hillary cornholed you in the last election.
We could achieve this if we could put humanity above money
Well if we have to tell you then you shouldn’t be in our government. It’s called they are a socialist country. If you like it so much then move there why damage the greatest country in the world the US. Things aren’t free moron it’s called tax dollars and their income tax is 55%
If your so into socialism the lead by example. Get rid of your fancy cars and the extra houses and tell your wife to pay back what she stole from that college then maybe you can a voice. But you stealing from us has to end
How much do they pay in taxes?
I heard it’s like 60%
U.S. military spending is out of sight, many corporations pay zip in inc. tax, and bailing out banksters gone wild was expensive, and also we have to keep health insurance corps. flush enough to pay $66 M. to their top exec. So it adds up.
#ThisIsWhyWeCantHaveNiceThings
Yep.
Because you’ll eventually run out of other people’s money.
I don't know anyone in Finland with that issue :p
College isn't free in Finland. It's paid for by taxes, pretty darn high taxes for a lot of the people. You also have to test to get into most universities. With a small, highly taxed populace, and limited enrollment, this system works well.
What they also don't point out is that Finland is a small, homogeneous society (recent immigrant influx is playing havoc with their 'well-ordered' society), and the gov't is heavily involved in business and personal lives.
They are not as free as capitalist societies.
Perhaps because the US is literally built on greed and jealousy. It's born from people who went there to seek their own, individual fortune, not that of a whole society. And because the US are still young, almost infantile compared to the Finnish society. That's no excuse though!
This is a hard pass @SenSanders. When a people elects to allow its government to dictate what healthcare I have a right to, they will also tell me what I don’t have a right to. Then you get #AlfieEvans situations. #SocialismSucks
Thanks Bernie. We manage here just fine 
Civilized societies use their wealth to create a baseline of support services to free up their citizens from having to slog thru every day trying to survive and stay healthy.  That way the hard work and creativity of their societies is freed up for more important acivities.
These are essential, humanistic programs, Senator, but in order for America to afford it, we are going to have to cut our overblown military.  Unfortunately, violence appears to be in our DNA as a nation from the Revolutionary War to Sandy Hook. It will be the death of us.
The USA is in a nose dive non stopping with whom we have in office in regards to citizens. Finland Thank You for setting an excellent example of what my homeland should set targets to achieve. I am sure there is less stress, no road rage and more harmony
They don't let rich mopolize wealth or skip taxes
I think the DNC candidate eligibility should mandate it 
Why Am I not from a Nordic country? 
Thank You Bernie! "Finland, the happiest country in the world" :)
#Finland #Suomi #HappinessMatters #HappinessIs #happiness #world #onni #onnellisuus
Because in the US it is no longer honorable to be honest and fair...here it is every man for himself and greed rules the day. Our country is run by hideous monsters who rejoice in their god of money.
Military spending because we are a world power and lowering taxes on the 1%
What they have in Finland could be done worldwide but It would require international treaties to raise taxes over the rich, otherwise they would transfer their money to tax havens, push each country towards bankruptcy and then blame the left wing governments.
Because The greed of your companies and several politicians..... same thing and worst in Mexico
The US can't replicate social structure and social programs bc the focus of governing is reactive, not proactive. Reactive thinking plus greed is recipe for unfair governing.
If you don’t understand the differences between the US and Finland, you should retire now.
Because we are a war mongering nation. We have been at war most of my lifetime. We spend more on the military than anyone else.
Why can't the Isle of Man do this too @GeoffreyBoot @raymondharmer #iom #noanswere @HowardQuayleMHK
Because you are an idiot that can't tell us how we are going to pay for all that. You also seem to think Finland has the US Constitution. It doesn't.
The preamble to the US Constitution says "we the people, in order to form a more perfect union...". 

Nordic countries believe that so much they actually do it!

America, OTOH, is loaded with people who believe "I, the individual, in order to get mine before you get yours..."
The suicide rate in Finland is 165% of the suicide rate in the U.S.: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/world/suiciderate.html … Probably due to the oppressive socialism.
With a tax rate of 51.6%.... no thanks
No, you're wrong, @pap04007
A simple google search proves it. Just because you don’t like it doesn’t mean it’s not true.
Oh, did you have to delete?
You said it so it must be true..... right?
I can't make you believe.  But I almost feel sorry for you. Almost 
Feel sorry for me? Why, I have a great life in the greatest country on the planet. I live the American dream everyday. Thats the problem with people like you always thinking you’re above someone else. But if you really want to feel sorry for someone just have a look in the mirror
I feel sorry for you, if you think that because you googled it, it must be true.
