Y'all in the comments are some greedy, heartless motherfuckers. ALL you do is disparage younger people. They kill themselves, they're homeless, they have serious mental health issues, and all you can say is "must be a bunch of pussies lol." Ffs I hate you people.
Why the hell is there so much mental health issues in this generation, you think because drs give you pills for every little problem, every one is bipolar these days, here is a depression pill, just keep eating tide pods kids that will solve it
Ronnin, you must have some experience w young ppl to have such strong opinions. I think you're right about the frequency of bipolar diagnosis. You know the reason why? Psychiatrists who help patients qualify for disability know bipolar is easier to qualify than depression alone.
You seem severely misinformed yourself...again, all you need is to do some simple research on mental health. The issue I keep running into here is that nobody wants to do anything other than rely on their incorrect assumptions as if they were the truth.
When psychiatrists are faced with the options re disability questions, they are all too familiar w the many appeals patients must go thru to qualify. Depression itself is not enough in many cases w/o hospitalizations. Bipolar means fewer denials, and thus fewer appeals.
stop being cry babies and pull up your big boy pants, life does not get easier after college
How can I pull my pants up, if I can't afford any pants?
Drama queen
Please provide concrete details on how you will pay for this? I don’t want to here the typical “take from the military budget”. It won’t happen. I need details.

And why is it ok to tax only the rich? How does that make sense?
Well they aren't paying their share at the moment, so they have plenty.
And how is Bernie going to force the states to pay for college?
How do we force them to pay for roads, healthcare, the national guard, etc, etc, etc.

Same way.

It's called a mandate.
How is force ethical? Why would you force a state to do something instead of giving them a choice
It's called civilized society.
Yeah let’s make it free so that colleges can take the taxpayers money for useless degrees in basket weaving
You want the reward you take the risk you pay for it
Except when china’s workforce is both cheaper and better educated then ours this country will be in very big economic trouble. We have the resources to be the most educated work force for high tech industry, but we should probably just let the koch’s buy more yachts instead.
20% of the richest people pay 80% of the taxesI have to Chinese students that stay with me in Florida they tell me they clean and wash their own floors in their schools in China they go to school six days a week your round
It is much more reasonable in my opinion to compare what % of taxed income after necessary living expenses. What % of my income is taxed after i pay for housing, food, health insurance, transportation, etc compared to that same number for people like the Kochs - it is disgusting.
You can't make schools tuition free without making the working class pay more in taxes. If the snowflakes can't handle the stress then guess they shouldn't be in college then
Why can't the ultra wealthy pay their share for once?
Um, they do. The top 1% of earners pay 40% of the income tax in this country. You're a moron.
Dipstick.
The 1%,
Own 36.7% of wealth.
Yet pay only 23.8% of total personal taxation.

The poorest 80% of Americans,
Own only 11.1% of wealth,
Yet pay 35.3% of total personal taxation.

Why do you think the poor should pay 3x their fair share to subsidize the ultra wealthy?
That's a moronic statistic.  "Wealth" has nothing to do with taxation. The government doesn't tax "wealth", it taxes income and property. You also cite "total personal taxation", another bullshit trick to manipulate statistics.
If a "poor" person managed to save up $100k after paying income and property taxes their whole life, are they suddenly required to have a bigger "fair share" because they now have more wealth? Your whole line of argument is illogical and impractical.
So poor people should pay more than 3x their fair share of total personal taxation because wealthy people can't possibly be asked to pay their own way?
Again with the "total personal taxation" bullshit. That's a red herring. Define it. Are you talking about consumption taxes like sales tax, tobacco taxes, gasoline taxes? Those taxes are based on personal decisions everyone makes.
Free.
Paid by taxes.
My 11-year-old is learning logic in school.  Can't wait to show her this fallacy.  It'll be an easy one for her to identify.
I take it that she's paying for her own schooling?
Kids, if you think that debts will go away once we push subsidizing of education costs even further, you're nuts. Stop listening to this banana republic quack
Since when do you give a shit about paying debts? Your party just unilaterally increased the deficit by $1 trillion you fucking rat
Yes
Um yes Corker was the only senator who didn’t vote along party lines
That is correct
No, I want to live in a country where parents raise their kids to not go into debt for something they can't afford, especially for something with so little ROI as a non-technical college degree.
Bernie, whose going to pay for their free education? If students really want to be educated, they don't mind paying for it. It'll mean something to them. They won't be so appt to squander their education on partying all the time.
School is not and can’t be FREE ! Somebody has to pay for it!!
You cannot make college free, you can simply shift the cost away from people who vote for you (students) to people who do not vote for you (the gainfully employed). People who want things should pay for those things they want. It's a radical thought, I know.
Slovenia, Denmark, Germany, Norway, France, Cuba, canada. Somehow all these countries could afford it. Maybe it's because they don't give wall st. $100 billion tax breaks.
I do. I wouldn’t want to live in Cuba, Russia or Venezuela.
It's crazy you know, you make college free and then all of a sudden your entire economy collapses and you turn into Venezuela. That's a thing that totally happens
if you are truly a dem soc,  you wouldn't be in college
And let the taxpayer go to the hospital because of stress over paying for college
It was just a scheme. If you got a college education $$ you would make good $$ which you would then be forced to give your $$ to US. 
We have enough jobs, we need to democratize the economy, reindustrialize the us, and get high paying jobs, not just jobs.
If you can’t handle the stress of paying for college how do you ever hope to handle a mortgage?? Start a business? Raise a child? JC!! We are raising a generation of absolute pussies!!!!
Maybe we should democratize the economy, so that way you don't have to live a stressful life?
So you prefer that tax payers go to the hospital because of stress over paying high taxes?
Google, "progressive tax system"
How about raising the student's taxes if they make it into a well above average income?  Like an old time grubstake.  Pay if you make it
Can you explain why #college is an #entitlement? I am a #disabled #veteran & a LEGAL #immigrant. Why should my tax $$ pay to educate #IllegalAliens who have no right to be in the US in the first place & #welfare spawn whose families make zero contribution to the #economy?
For profit education has been the American way of perpetuating the power of the elite. Our Government  continues to fail to meet their three major responsibilities to keep their citizens: Healthy, Educated and Safe. Shame on us.
Is there anything that’s your responsibility?
We The People are responsible to work to create the wealth to support our entire system of government and economic system. We elected our politicians to create a system of laws to protect us. What is complicated about that? We are the Government or are we not
The quality of your life is largely based on your decisions, your actions and your effort.   Of course there are other factors but they are a very small in comparison.  More I and less We.  Not I only, but I first.  Don’t rely on the government so much.
So you think it ok that someone can work 60 hours a week and still barely make a living and another person can open up their computer, push a couple of buttons and make 100,000 in a few days........
Yes !
Maybe they could make a decision for themselves about whether or not college is worth the money? Maybe we could teach them that going into a lot of debt to become a teacher and get a teacher salary isn't a good financial decision? Nah...Let's not have any personal responsibility.
Are you seriously saying the answer to horrible teacher wages is no one should become a teacher? That is quite possibly in the top 10 dumbest things i have heard in a very long time.
No. But if that’s your reading comprehension level, then you should definitely not become a teacher.
I don’t think the problem os reading comprehension. Your words were don’t go into debt going to college to become a teacher. Putting the blame on the teacher instead of the conservatives that have decimated education funding to give tax breaks to the rich and build more bombs.
Correct. I said don't go into debt to become a teacher. I didn't say don't become a teacher. I put blame on any person who makes a poor financial decision and then looks for help from others.
Ok i understand now, only rich people should become teachers....
If you think that’s the only possible way, then, again, I hope you’re not a teacher or planning to become one.
How many with high student loans should have learned trade in a trade school instead of an institution of higher learning.  You pay for higher education you appreciate it more.  You socialist elitists are such fools.
Are you donating your personal wealth to pay for ‘free’ education? Are you not smart enough to know that nothing is free?
I don’t want to live in a country where young adults are so weak minded that a little stress has them running to hospitals! WTH is wrong with this generation? It’s called being an adult. Suck it up buttercups, it’s not going to get easier! Quit coddling them Bernie!
"WTH is wrong with this generation" is that they're working more and getting paid less. A $1 bill in the 50s could get 4 gallons of gas now isn't enough for a cup of coffee. Single income homes are extinct, and you're saying suck it up. Grow up and admit when you're wrong.
Yet they can afford a new $700 IPhone every 6 months,drive new cars, wear designer clothing,have 100 pairs of expensive sneakers, $300 headphones, spend $10 on that cup of http://coffee.In  the 50’s they had different priorities and worked 10 times harder for that $1
Hello strawman! Who the F have you been talking to who's getting all that stuff? The only person I could think of that fits your profile would be a 1%er's kid.
Walk around any college campus and I guarantee youll see an expensive phone in each kid’s hand and a parking lot full of late model cars. Are you saying only the 1% are sending their kids to college? They’re spoiled plain and simple.What they see as necessity is actually luxury
I'm willing to bet that most of those were gifts from parents and grandparents.

Let me know if you're actually interested in finding a solution instead of demonizing a whole generation, because otherwise we're done here.
Ok we’re done.
Where is it the American core value that everybody should have the same opportunity? How is it possible when student debt skyrocketed and decently paid jobs are gone not because don't exist but because salaries stay freezed for a long time?
How about just more affordable.

And the stigma attached to tech and trade schools is a shame. We need skilled laborers to keep America running. Pure snobbery.
I didn't see much "diversity" in that group. Ppl say Bernie doesn't have African Americans in his base. Where are the African Americans in this group? Perhaps they aren't even getting into college. BERNIE, PLEASE ALWAYS LOOK TO AFRICAN AMERICANS, NOT JUST DACA KIDS. BE COMPLETE.
Who pays for it because if you use tax payer money we will be in even more debt @SenSanders
It's a .5% tax on high frequency bulk trading that is being done by computers millions and millions times a minute. It's a transaction tax and a marginal one.
The alternative is slashing military budgets. Or, a border adjustment tax to repatriate offshore tax evasion to the tune of trillions.
So paying for it isn't a problem. Heck, even passing it won't be a problem. The problem is partisan hacks who put party before people.
Are you kidding me? Please resign from your seat. You are obviously losing your mind.  No one paid for me to go to college, and I am not paying for theirs.

Kids are stressed about going to college. They are welcome to take my order for food any time. I get hungry too.
And who would pay for "free" college?
I choose he first option. College kids are whiny.
Nothing is free. Taxpayers will foot the bill. My children worked their way thru college. All have a degree and no debt.
Bernie Sanders in the Deep South

https://search.app.goo.gl/67vcg 

Shared from my Google feed
Baloney
How much do taxes go up for all. Everyone will go and waste time. You know - finding themselves.
You just give everything awAy with hard working people having to pay. They either pay while in college or when they get a job you lie and say they get it free.
Again, and still, how are you paying for it?  I never get an answer, I just get called names.
FREE MY AZZ, we the WORKING PEOPLE will be footing the bill, you don't have enough money to pay this bernie , tell us what is free, NOT A DAMN THING IS FREE
Or maybe kids should stop being epic, entitled pansies? "over stress" buahahahahahaHAHAHA
Your president Hussein created that . One of many many of fake crisis's that he designed to fuck over America. He will be plucked from a wormhole like his brother in Iraq and sentenced .
@SenSanders
Hillary had a plan for this
Shut your mouth , who has to pay ? You want everything free , and not to work . Just everything free .
hLol, maybe they should have picked a major outside of Liberal Arts.  Lowest unemployment in 40 years and an English or Sociology degree still gets you min wage at the burger shack.  Fools and their money are soon parted.
Maybe make more doctors and nurses to reduce Healthcare costs.
No college should not be free. Most kids don't take advantage of free high school.
In the mid to late 80's our Community College was free to anyone that lived in the city or their parents did not make over a certain income level or if you lived in the same county as the college was in your tuition cost $25/credit. 3 courses $25 credit cost you $225/Semester
Free college free health care what's next free trips to Fantasy Land
Bernie, help me pay off my student loans?  Graduated from 4 year public university 13 years ago, 150+ significant monthly payments, still owe ~$50k.
If you really want stress, you need to be black in America for a single day. And, adjusting for age, I'd imagine you would be overwhelmed in a few hours.
How is being black in America stressful? Show me evidence and not just anecdotal. Where is the statistical evidence that blacks are paid less, killed by cops unjustly, and/or don't have the same opportunities as other races?
Go to Google Scholar and you can easily find data on each question you have posted in less than 60 seconds.
Except all the data I've looked at suggests blacks have the same opportunities as anyone else
You are being lazy or dishonest. Carry on.
I'm actually not. And it's problematic you don't want to discuss this topic with me since we could learn from each other
What a great person we have who really cares for Americans thumbs up  for Bernie Sanders
Plain common sense!
Lol!
What... the.... fuck?
It is disheartening that in modern day America, there are people that think equality means "I got into crippling college debt and suffered years of unsustainable interest rates that pretty much ruined my early life, but you should go through that too otherwise it's unfair to me".
You are ready to spend millions ,give away money to kids who may or may not appreciate it. If they really want an education they will work for it
BUT something we can all benefit from, like a border WALL! you are not behind. RETIREMENT Bernie that's all your good for
Oh dear God suck it up and grow a pair.  If that is the biggest stress in your life I would call that a blessing
Free college/tuition.  America can afford it.
Who's going to pay for free education? Democrats love to raise taxes so they can look like they are giving everybody free stuff.
This is our REAL future president.

Boy. You tweet a lot between your naps.
That means Bernie if I go to the doctor with stress or stupid things you say You must pay for it out of your own pocket
And then they can't pay the hospital bill as well.
Yes.
You idiot. You can not promise everything free for everyone in America. Who is going to pay ?    Poor tax payers      Come down out of. LA. LA  land
Ooopps.  This message was for the fool Bernie Sanders.  Not Sarah
Tell those students to nut up and learn that nothing is free.  I worked for and paid my own way through college.  My oldest is in the process of doing the same.  If their parents hadn’t of raised a bunch of candy asses they wouldn’t need medical attention.
It's not free the only way to pay for it by raising taxes on Americans.
Not tuition free, Senator, but affordable. Divide the tuition among those who benefit. Government, Military, Private enterprise sector, and the student. A 30,000$ tuition at Stanford would be 7,500$ to a student but everyone benefits. The poor smart young person especially.
I have had to face these realities and I have overcome. It has made me more resilient. But I do agree that it makes much more sense to invest in education than war.
Well Bern. There is a saying from Adams who said “Everything is worth what its purchaser will pay for it”.
If the value isn’t there, why are we sending more and more people to university for all these Gender Studies and other classes that isn’t going to set up anybody for a JOB!!
Uncle Bernie maybe the stress is from not receiving a quality education that can actually get them a JOB
Do we really live in a country where college is necessary anymore? Unless you're going to be a doctor/lawyer or something specialized, higher degrees are worthless. They don't help people land good jobs, or even minimum wage jobs. It's a fallacy that college degrees matter.
Uncle Bernie sounds good except for the quality of education receive we are pretty low in world rankings
Democrats took care of that when they took over the student loan program and put taxpayers on the hook for another 1+ trillion in student loan debt . Remember ? You voted for it
give me a break......
How would that be funded by raising taxes??@SenSanders
How about focusing on jobs first,  instead of issuing some bullshit degree to every 21/22 year old in the country that will do them no use.
How about telling them to grow up. Going to college wasn't mandatory it's their choice.  Shut up and pay your bill.
If you make college free students won't take it as seriously because theres nothing on the line. Good in theory, but that's it.
I worked hard and paid off my student loans.  They can do the same Bernie. Get real. Go away.
Your super rich..just pay college debts swamp gramps
How about we not allow pussies who can't handle responsibility into college.
If the kids want a free education all the need to do is a short hitch in the military. Problem solved.
Cry me a river, build a bridge and get over it. Same thing I tell my teenaged daughter...for the love of God,  stop whining...
I wonder. If college was free but you had to work several hours a day for the govt for free. How many of you lumps would pass on going to college.
If you can't handle the stress of a student loan how you going to handle the stress of a mortgage?  College is supposed to be educating yourself for a good paying job. Not an extension of High School.
Professors should work for free. And doctors. And anyone else who provides what I want. Just not politicians. They should always get paid, right Bernie?
Too late parents and students are living this now unfortunately nobody in Congress can relate to us on that
Really? Your "examples" are: a student whose parents are PAYING for his schooling; an ILLEGAL immigrant; an overachiever who took on too much and made herself sick; and a women who CHOSE to attending an out-of-state school and pay more money. You are so out of touch.
Good news!!!!!

https://www.uopeople.edu/ 

Free university online. Done.
Mr bernie you are the muslim.
Dont be angry.
İ had memorized this statement:Socializm is just now and this age's İslam..
i am agree this world  but müslim world  is very critical and bad state.
Get a job and pay as you go. Some people are lazy students and waste time. Or they take courses that are useless. Take some responsibility!
How about a country where people have to go to hospital over hospital debt stress?
How about eliminating that criminal "debt" for good ?
Just do what britain does, seems to be okay here
I went to college and paid for it.  My wife had 6 figures of student loan debt and we paid it off.  It’s not someone else’s responsibility to pay for services we agreed to receive, and which were completely optional.
Or at least make them affordable again so that you can work your way through college. Having said that, more needs to be done at the High School level to prepare students for a career path so that young people feel they have a purpose, a passion, and a way to get there.
Remember, make America great again, not the Americans...
Bernie, hang it up.  Seriously, we're done with you effing things up.  Just go home.
What if we had smart policies to make college affordable and accessible? And actually increased funding to make it better?
Do you really want working adults to go to the hospital because of the stress of over paying kids to be indoctrinated into socialism?
Senator I do respect you but this free tuition for college thing won’t work. Look what it did to french universities - once at the epitome of scholars and research is now barely a level above community college.
God I love you
I'm all for"free" if they don't pay the teachers! You fool! Nothing is free!
I don’t think public colleges and universities should be free, nothing is for free, somehow we all will still pay for it, but I do wish the public higher education system was more affordable and not such a financial burden for so many years after graduation.
Free tuition for school in exchange for public service to this nation?  Every year public service provided equals the same in tuition assistance!  That can be local, state or federal.. What you think?
Did you tell the students how you and your husband stole millions?  Bank fraud Bernie & Jane  @realDonaldTrump  @HowieCarrShow
So the millions of people who’ve paid for college deserve refunds? Sorry stress is part of life.
Mr. Sanders:  School is much more expensive then when I went.  I do not know what these students experiencing.  However, there are creative ways to get through: co-op, intern, go to another state, junior collage, work pays tuition, etc.
Stress for going to college! Are you for effing real.  Give away more free shit, your campaign slogan?
I think that's fine as long as you are footing the bill
Bernie, you’ll want us to pay for the hospital visit, along with their college education too...
We have tuition free schools in Sweden. I’m also have the posibility to a student loan that gives me an income during the 3.5 years I’m studying. It’s a great posibility for us to get higher education.
Please.
If you stopped student loans then schools would have to compete and prices would fall dramatically. It’s your involvement in the first place that makes it too expensive.
Get the government out of college. 

Hey, wait a sec, didn’t your daughter make $500,009 for teaching a semester of woodworking? Who pays for that again?
“Free”
It's wild that so many people here actually think "who gives a shit if kids are paying 260% more for college than my Boomer ass did in 1980, all while earning less in real wages?" Why would you rather lick rich people's boots than make sure people have access to education?
Many Americans who carry substantial Student Loans and work for National Security or Social Progress Programs do not receive relief or waver. 

Civil servants however, have near lifetime job security AND loan relief or Waivers.

Thoughts?
If you really believe this, you should treat colleges like you want to treat hospitals. Tell them the low rate they are allowed to charge &  wage their allowed to pay professors & tell them profit is not important. Oh, wait, their your liberal buddies, guess that won't happen.
Its the parents responsibility to pay for a students #Education .  Now if the parent can't afford it then the level at which a student needs help should be evaluated.  I see too many wealthy people who will be taking advantage of free #college.
I’m stressed about going to work and earning a living. Can you pay my bills? The logic of socialism is that there is unlimited money that we can hand out, but forgets that we have to steal it from the earners first. And when we do, who will earn it? Socialism is theft & immoral.
LMFAO , the problem with socialism , somebody has to pay for it , how do you propose to pay for it ? Let me guess raise taxes . # NeverDemocrat
you endorsed the 2016 Election strategy, #BernieOrBust.  

So, I guess the college students should thank you for the Bust 

The D.A.C.A. kids should that you for the Bust

The Environmentalist should thank you for the Bust.

Take a seat and be quiet, Senator.
They could join the military to pay for college. I did. 
Or they could get a degree from a technical college where they can get a job they can actually make money at.  This would cost a fraction of a so-called liberal arts degree.
Or we could all move to Canada and then they will find a crazy talk show host who wants to build a wall to keep us out , lol w/ @SenSanders
What we should do is cut into college profits; hit them where it hurts by setting up free learning institutions that strive to give a better overall education than the current system.
We need to drop paid education in the same way we need to stop relying on fossil fuels.
Yasssss
If you're not going on a full scholarship because you are very smart you should'nt be going especially if you can't pay for it." simple fact of life most people are not college material and never will be." and whoever said anything about College ever being a Right? "dumb losers."
#JustSayin
Free? Don’t you mean tax payer funded, Senator? Free would mean that no one has to pay for it. So you don’t really mean free do you?
Go too the hospital over stress from school debt? Get over yourselves suck it up move on. Plenty of us have worked and payed for college.
In order to create a great country, we must create great people. To not offer the best education at affordable prices is dangerous to our country & only increases the socio-economic disparity in the U.S.
I disagree. Knowing that you are going to have to pay, motivates students to study hard. Students who get tuition paid for, do not have the same motivation. I don't want to pay millions in tax dollars for students to go party for 4 or more years. They can pay for that themselves.
It’s a double edged sword. Give tuition free education at public colleges and universities and take away financial aid to illegal immigrants or vice versa.
Oh Come On Sanders,Are you Kidding The Poor Kids are Under A lot Of Stress,I'm Under Stress Having to pay For Socialism and its Handouts.
Nothing in life is free dumb ass, you'll just be passing on the cost to taxpayers increasing our property taxes. I don't owe any snowflake a college education, get off your ass and work for it like we had to do.
What if an individual doesn't attend college? What "free" opportunities for advanced skill training for them?    Maybe we should look at why tuition costs are so high? Look to Europe for a possible education model for us?  Much more study other than feee tuituon is required
Just maybe we could reduce the salary of these over paid Presidents and VIP'S overseeing the Universities. Also theses student need to find them jobs to help pay their costs. But maybe they just need to to quit whining and know there is no free lunch.
Okay how do you expect these universities and colleges to remain open it can't just be it can't just be free 100% doesn't make any sense you should be saying to make it more affordable where they do not incur crushing debt
No ...
If a 2 year college degree is the new equivalent of a high school diploma, then college should have been free in the 1990s cause this isn’t a new thought
Not that it’s @SenSanders fault. Its not. I feel like he’s been talking about this for awhile and no other politicians want to hear what he’s saying.
sounds good but i would like you to take a break from politics and support new leaders in politics, please.
Yes, we can
God forbid that ANYONE should have stress about paying for ANYTHING!  Let's make everything FREE!  Why should students be singled out to receive the FREE STUFF!
Make them tuition free and have the student commit to at least two years of employment service in their field of study. Also provide job placement.
For real : #BernieForPresident
First We The People must remove ALL CAPITALIST from the government system (elected and otherwise).  Capitalism has been the great evil to America (or any nation).  Remember a guy named Judas?  HE was a CAPITALIST folks.  Think about it...if you know how anymore.
Bernie, love ya man, but nothing in life is free!
How about students getting a job that doesn’t require a useless college degree.  College is the biggest scam ever, convinceing kids they need to go thousands of dollars in debt  for a degree that is useless 90 percent of the time.
Bernie is pushing for what used to be standard but because some ppl are accustomed to corruption, they find ways to ignore what used to be the norm while ignoring the needs of the majority. If we don't fight for future generations, who will?
We must stop closing the door behind us and assist those that need the most help.
If you ask me todays youth gets way too much handed to them and appreciate little.
Don't make school free, just make it affordable so we aren't in debt for 20 years - a median tax plan will only pay for so much
School shouldn't be free and any kid losing their shit over debt is a pussy. Get a job
We can do some of both. The tax cut would have looked less like a gimme if we had tied it to corporations writing off the tax by training people. Hospitals, too. Imagine hospitals with a college attached. Some already do, of course. Same for corporations.
Your an absolute asshole! Our national debt is outrageous and you want to give away more free shit to everybody including illegal aliens who are here taking jobs from citizens that need jobs and are unemployed. Your a fuckin disgrace!
If the student loan cos had to operate legally, it would be a big help. They can't even provide basic info and charge whatever they want and payments aren't credited.
I think it should be affordable not necessary free, college have costs and students should learn to develop healthy credit and sense of paying it off
BERNIE2020
Paying off a loan is how reality works. If reality stresses you out to the point of functioning in the real world, you need to see a mental health professional.
I don't understand WHY we can't implement FREE college degrees in Engineering...Accounting...Business...Physics ON LINE! I never learned ANYTHING in the classroom. EVERYTHING came out of the books.
Nothing is free,sir.
@SenSanders I am a fan of yours since you were Mayor in Burlington. 
I understand that schools are outrageously expensive. What my question or thought is that there should be a middle ground. Our youth need to learn nothing comes without a price and people need to get paid
We are already living in that country controlled by the blood-sucking Zionists, whether we want it or not.
Tuition and hospitals are both free in Scotland 
I’m going with snowflakes on this one
Suck it up snowflake. Remember this
@SenSanders tragically suicide is one of the top leading causes of death for college students..they charge so much to cram so much into your brain so fast it literally hurts..
Wonderful idea
Oh Bernie, students and adults make poor choices in life and they have to live with it.  It is up to each individual to choose not government.  Remember its parents and public schools that fail to educate students on finance and College is not always the answer.
Do we really want to live in a country with people like YOU in Congress NO NO NO NO NO NO
Do we really want to live in a country where people pay so much tax that they can barely live and can grow no savings while their tax money is being used by colleges for teaching gender studies
Hmmm, nothing is for free... period.
Could you pay for my retirement while you are at it? - would be less stressful!  @realDonaldTrump/@VP 2020!!
Welcome to Bernie's LeftLiberal nirvana! In the marketplace of higher education, colleges have priced their valueless product out of the market.
I’d like to live in a country where parents teach their kids to relax and deal with stress in a productive way instead of running to the hospital...but I do agree with free college for American citizens.
I honestly am stumped by central US. Like to many it makes you a "snowflake" to go to college. No, that just makes you educated  Since when has critical thinking and learning been a bad thing?
Get a skilled job, then pay for you four year degree. Stop going in debt got a skill you won’t use
Work while you go to school so you don’t have to use loans to pay for your rent, food, cell phone etc etc and you won’t run up a ridiculous amount of debt.  Also, try getting a degree that will get you a decent job where your reasonable debt isn’t impossible to pay back
By the way, the surest way to ECONOMICALLY CRIPPLE young ppl is making colleges tuition-free.  That you're not smart enough to understand why is the reason you're a socialist
No.  We really want to live in a country where young ppl aren't taught to be entitled babies.  70-yrs ago college kids were climbing out of boats into gunfire at Normandy, they somehow complained far less.
Not even close to being true. Those kids did not want to be there, they hated the war, and questioned why they were there. Both of my parents served, and they never sugar coated their stories. People have always complained and thought that past generations were better off.
What would make college even more expensive?  Make it "free."  Venezuela today is how socialism ends.
Yes. Your talking about kids brainwashed by teachers that eat Tide pods and snort condoms.
No because not everyone is for college. Higher education is not a right but a earned privilege. AND who is going to oay for this Bernie? You are big on handing out free bread to the peasants but you dont make bread
Please tell me how you would pay for this to be a reality? If it’s taxing the people who work hard and take all the risk that is not ok!!
Bernie what’s the financial solution besides your standard tax the rich?
