The average US citizen is in the top 1% income in the world.
But that's not the topic, even if this were true
It is true but let me try another fact, the top 50% of all tax payers paid 97.3% of all individual income taxes. Isn't that fair? What do you propose,100%?
Let me get back to you on that..
Feel free to share who pays most of the taxes, you pandering old socialist
Is calling him a socialist supposed to hurt him. There's nothing duragatory in the meaning of socialist.
Yeah, I used to think that socialist was an insult until I learned what I meant.
Your right we should use the Dems tax reform plan - Oh wait you didn't have one except raise taxes and eliminate jobs just like NYS is doing.
Well then maybe if @SenSanders had supported Hillary a little more, we wouldn’t be in this mess.
He supported her a lot more than she (and the DCCC) deserved.
Oh pleeeeeze! He was off writing a book and buying his third home on a lake. Making a couple of speeches and campaigning for someone are two different things. He’s a putz, and he needs to go away. Gee, maybe it’s time for him to take up knitting.
Sure, sure. A couple speeches. That's 100% what happened.
Bernie is one of the least wealthy senators out there. The fact that he's been in office since the 80s should tell you he's in this for the right reasons. Meanwhile, how about that Clinton net worth?
Lol the "communist march"
What's communist about it?
Federal education, social security, and medicaid are unconstitutional.
That's the stupidest thing I've heard today, and I've heard a bunch of em!
Maybe, but true.
I'm in this photo! Here's the picture I took. – at East Front Capitol
serious question: is Sanders the only national politician speaking for the people? I have my twitter account set up to get all the news that's fit to print - and it's only Sanders who comes thru' from time to time to speak for the lower 80%
Then you are not paying attention
Oh God, your rally looked as sad as Hillary.  You got to get people to Photoshop the crowds to make them appear bigger - just like Hillary did.
Rob the poor to pay the rich and they clear their conscience  by bringing done another poor persons benefits. Since they control the system now but when we control the system Republicans can somehow keep us in their control . We need leaders  like Bernie to fight and win in 2018.
How do you rob from the poor if they don't have anything to rob? Lower-income tax rates are being reduced even more, so they'll pay lower taxes. That's a good thing! 
The vast majority of the tax cuts aren’t aimed at helping the poor/middle class, which I’m sure you’re well aware. That’s the point.
Break out your plan there Bernie, you and Pelosi keep throwing this 83% / 1% out like a carrot. Has anything ever changed in tax reform or cuts? The rich keep getting richer, the poor stay there. All gums no solutions...that won't get you elected ever...
And yet the sheep march toward the sound of the drums that beat out, (only us, not them).
Cut military spending and raise taxes.
Republicons are controlled by Koch Klan (Kochs and Uber rich allies)
That includes the Mercers also
oh look @SenSanders is talking out his butt again
DUH 
#reversetaxcuts

233 Republicans voted to end Social Security on 4/12/19 via Balanced Budget Amendment. Thankfully, it did not pass. No media coverage!  Watch Senate to see if they will bring it to the floor. 62 million Americans depend on Social Security.     
Vote out GOP in 2018!!!
BERNMAN DOES IT AGAIN! Thank god for him!
There's a reason Bernie didn't win. 
What do you think it is 
Shame, shame!
In President Trump’s first year CEO’s tweeted more about social justice – but they spent their money lobbying for lower taxes:
#reversetaxcuts
The self-made problem.
It's worse for Social Security.
Economy collapses after 2025; is dead by 2035.
Enjoy.
THE MOST HARM TO MOST PEOPLE GOP agenda
The economy is the best it's been in 9 years,.unemployment at the lowest it's been in years. People have more money in their paycheck and you say that's a bad thing?
I gave up on the people in DC a long long long time ago... I've never seen the city and I never want to
Why do poor people need tax breaks?  They already don't pay any.  You people are dumb.
Why do ultra wealthy and corporations need tax breaks? They already don’t pay any.
The Bern has flamed out...
You lie!
Bernie won’t be happy until we all have the same income no matter what we do. The income will of course be decided by Washington elites.
Bernie won't be happy until 1 in 50 children aren't born into poverty in the US and medical procedures that should only cost maybe $50 don't cost $3,000
bernie sanders is so smart like..... ugh, his mind
So is Bernie pretending that's he's been transparent regarding his taxes? Unbelievable 
This is pure propaganda how can you people in all honesty produce this garbage....
ya but would that end racism
people are so misinformed
#truelove@eeluk #politicallove@sensanders
Taxation is theft. #AbolishTheIRS
No it's not.

Looks like about a dozen people showed up... Thanks Trump for my tax break my extra $80 a month is better than the democrats would of let me keep of my own money
You are really judging the turnout based on closeup shot of the speaker?  

I wanna play too. Looks like one person showed up to trump's speech.
No Im basing it on the sound of the crowd which was nothing the same guy yelling tax scam
Run Bernie Run!
Half the USA needs to be bailed out of poverty. 

This should every leaders’ FIRST priority. 

(Especially with A.I. set to replace 1 BILLION jobs.)
We need to support each other near and far to live healthy lives.  This can only happen when basic needs are met. 
This bill is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
You can't keep dumping on states to have all the burden. I don't believe one chooses to live in poverty.
What the heck are you talking about??
That's why the rich's tax cuts are permanent and ours are temporary.
The Republican agenda is incredibly dishonest, and even deceitful. I feel terrible for their voters who are gonna get a $60 per year tax break, only to lose thousands in social security. And we can say it's their fault, sure. But they're human beings, and they deserve better.
You're absolutely right Bernie!  Now GO AWAY.  You are one of the reasons that Trump is in the White House.  #BlueWave2018
Yes, blame Bernie, not her direct insults to her supporters, only campaigning in like 3 states, support of bombing Syria, support of various wars, taking advantage of the people of Haiti, support of increased border security, or the various controversies surrounding her campaign.
“What this bill is about, is giving 83% of the tax breaks to the top  1%... and then coming back to the American people to say the debt is so high that we have to" raise taxes on the wealthy to an obscene level when a Democrat is in office because of GOP recklessness.  Fixed.
No shit they're going to do that. You know that's their wet dream about cutting those three things, but they're not going to stop there Oh no....The rich want EVERYTHING leaving the people to fight for themselves or die trying. 

Meanwhile the rich would be living wonderful.
Even though I don't like him
He's not wrong here....
That's the best kind of #notWrong
I believe that was their plan all along.

If you look at the 2018 tax tables, you will see that this is not true! Take a look! Also, the standard deductions are almost doubled, meaning all will be taxed on a smaller amount. BTW, do you realize that the  higher income earners are often employers?
Who Pays Taxes in America!? https://itep.org/who-pays-taxes-in-america-in-2017/ …
I know that the tax table changes for 2018 will allow many taxpayers to keep more of their own money, and many of these will be in the lower brackets. You who want to pay more should be allowed to, or you can always give to a charity you support 
We shouldn’t solve revenue issues we should be solving spending issues
We can solve both.
Keep those cameras close up like #CrookedHillary did back in 2016 to make it look as though the park is full. #MAGA2018 #MAGA2020 Dems promise to take back tax cuts & raise yr taxes. http://dailycaller.com/2018/04/05/nancy-pelosi-gop-tax-cuts/ …  #WakeUpAmerica
Raising taxes would be a good idea, as well as raising minimum wage and at least halving the military budget so that our government can actually afford to pay for things people need, public healthcare that everyone can afford, and ending the drug war. Also, Here's Sanders crowds.
CPAS say Trump got an $11,000,000 tax cut, $200,000 a week. Earn $40,000 you got $200 or $4 a week. @SpeakerRyan raising Social Security/Medicare Age to 70 or 75 to pay for MASSIVE VICIOUS RICH REPUBLICAN TAX CUTS. @GOP raising gas tax $.25 a gallon, will cost $200 to $500
The average Social Security check is $12,000  a year, available at age 62, paid for by the beneficiary's FICA TAX CONTRIBUTIONS over their working life. @SpeakerRyan retired at 48-years-old with $85,000 a year pension immediately, fully paid for by taxpayers. @AARP @AARPadvocates
Immigrants stand with other US taxpayers in calling for their tax dollars to be invested in programs that benefit communities, instead of funding incarceration, militarization, deportation, detention and a wasteful border wall.  Learn more on #TaxDay
It's disgusting to hear you talking about my money.   Taxation is theft!!  Keep your communist hands out of working americans pockets. #TaxationIsTheft #SocialismKills
Tell me, do you use a car? Like going to a park? Feel safe knowing that you can call the police if you get mugged or the fire department if your house burns down? Because taxation is required for all of that. Taxation is required for a government to exist at all.
I don't care about the taxes of the wealthy. I care about my own.  The government is not entitled to anybody else's money.
But you have the right to.... the roads, the parks, the street lights, the schools, the police, the fire department, the water, the air, the mail, etc... without having to pay yourself?

Aren't we entitled....
The income tax was originally voluntary.  You don't have a choice anymore. The system exploits people then cries foul when people get through loopholes and exploit it back.
Hey Bernie...sell off one of your mansions that you got for selling out your voters to hillary
Bern is simply biased and delusional! The national debt was already $20 trillion before the new tax plan was implemented!
Terrible attempt to spin bro. The numbers speak for themselves. $10 trillion in new debt under Obama's reign of terror!
People this is scary, for Real!! People better wake up, and smell the coffee!! hello?
Exactly what it is.  This country is run by Professionally Organized Criminals (lawyers at top of list).
Gee I am not in the top 1% but my CPA says I will pay less tax . Am also making more money since Trump took office . So I am afraid Bernie your socialist BS is gonna fall on deaf ears
And anyone that gets social security or any sort of financial aid from the government is going to suffer because essential services got major cuts. Yeah, it might not directly effect you, but it will drastically worsen the situation for a majority of the country.
Pay more you are wealthy
k
SENATOR SANDERS EXPOSED THIS SCAM PRIOR TO THE VOTE ON THE TAX BILL.... UNFORTUNATELY, NO ONE LISTENED.
#GOPTaxScam
Tell that to the 4million + people who got cash bonuses plus the millions more whose 401ks have increased because of stock buybacks. Moron socialist.
The GOP has really pulled a fast one on most Americans. We will pay dearly. Our kids will have a 3rd rate education and DeVos will use that excuse to screw public education even more.
Hate to break it to you, but they already have a 3rd rate education. And the student loan collage scam continues .
@BernieSanders 
STFU. ENDORSER OF @HillaryClinton 
Why not talk about the DNC fraud lawsuit? 
Do you know @JaredBeck?
How about the AWANS?
Was the chemical attack in Syria a FF?
This is heartbreaking.
You do know the more we look at the tax plan the more we like it. Some people may not just take you at your word.
Social Security is insolvent. More money goes out than in. The politicians steal money from Social Security to pay for other non needed expenditures. You're standing up for the very people that rob the coffers of the social security program.
You can't give people tax breaks who don't pay income taxes in the first place lol
If a 100% income tax is slavery, what percentage isn't?
Taxation is literally legalized extortion.
No capitalism is legalized extortion.
Yes the free market is total extortion with all that choice you have. We want less choice!
