6 months ago , you called it a good plan!  Senile, Much?????
Not Americans just you.
ok bot

They guy they killed? Topical.
More families are working and benefitting because of new tax laws. Sorry it's not quite as socialist as you'd like.. #TaxDay2018
Oh yes, what was the number paul  Ryan tweeted? $1.50 extra a week?
No I believe Pelosi called 2K for avg family "crumbs." Not crumbs where I'm from.
It's pretty wild how they magically found this money

I hope there are no long term consequences in underfunded schools, social services, medical care and infrastructure in the future because of this GOP tax bill

Now that would be awkward
They didn’t find it anywhere it was always there going straight from our paychecks to the government. Now they take less of our paychecks, not too hard to understand it’s not like they’re making new money it’s always been there it’s just going into your own pocket now
Thank God the government has no actual function or purpose in providing services that require money 

Otherwise this would be awkward
Hey liar, how’s it going? Thanks to this tax scam by the GOP I am keep $200 more of my money a month. You want that money don’t you, you socialist. You don’t think I deserve it do you? How much do you pay in taxes MR. wealthy politician?
Lucky you. I'm paying more tax % than I did 2 years ago.
Then u did 2 years ago?
When Obama was president.
Lol, that’s funny. You are funny
HAHA!
No Bernie I disagree!  The small companies are prospering from this tax reform bill as well. Would love to share some companies with you that feel blessed.  Next year when this really kicks in people will be jumping for joy.

Perfidious claim because you will not release your taxes even though you promised just like Donald Trump. What are you hiding? I wanna support you but without your tax return your message rings hollow.
To be honest, I don't give a shit about any of you. I work hard for my money and I want to keep it. If I make more money than you, that's your problem, not mine. Pay for what you use.
looking good old guy
You know your ultra wealthy right
I have more of my money in my pocket.  Piss off.
What? How many houses does this guy own? What work has he ever done?
Says the guy who has more homes than he can live in at once not to mention the cars he drive.
He never released his taxes even though he promosed, just like Trump
He never promised anything other than to build a southern wall and I do believe there were other stipulations to revealing his tax returns so come back when you research that.
Hey Bernie. The people did speak.
You do realize that a lot more people live in the smaller patches of blue counties along California, NY and Florida than in the middle. Just saying?
And Californians are now pushing back on the liberal illegal alien sanctuary State bs Jerry Brown is pushing down their throats.
Honestly had nothing to do with what I just said but okay buddy.
The 9 deductions taken away for tax year 2019 result in increased taxes for the average citizen.
Ave?
Sanders is just playing you all. He'll say one thing and do another. 
FYI, never, ever trust a #Socialist.
AMERICA..............WAKE UP............AND STAY AWAKE
You are what's  wrong with America. Yours truly, Working Americans. @SenSanders
Yeah but I want to actually bring home bacon, not have it rationed to me like you want in your special utopia. Do you get to keep your multiple houses in this special place, Bernie?
You know that you are talking about yourself right.
Great platform for Dems to run.  Take away the tax cuts from working class.  What?  Wow!  Loser dems.
You need to start hammering on campaign finance reform.  Link it to all problems.  Make it your core message in every tweet.
You truly hate rich people don’t you Bernie don’t lecture as on financial morals isn’t your wife under investigation for that travesty of a collage

Good fools bernie
Where are you looking Bernie? I don’t see that at all.
This is a lie. I am better off, I have a family l, and I work. Most are better off. But what do I know, I only prepare taxes for a living so idk.
Socialism does not work Bernie. Look at the European Countrys like Greece. There is never a free lunch for anyone. You are old enough to know that. Wake up America and support our great President Donald J. Trump.
Yes!
If bernie sanders ever become president the economy of the USA will be in a big recession and total mess.
Raise tax, minimum wage from 8$ to 15$/hr. Companies and jobs will be leaving USA...
He should study a little bit about economics before talk about economics
Translation: "I want to raise your taxes and PROFIT from it!"
School them Bernie 
Damn Bernie, the ones you got riled up looks like the greedy ones. Here the President got them a tax cut, and now they are out screaming for more money, more money, the taxes were not good enough, we want more money, take it from the ones who provides the jobs for us Americans.
Bernie bernie..you didnt say anything about obamadont care raising my premiums 52% in last two years..swamp gramps
You are delusional and seriously demented
You are a broken record who says the same thing over and over again, you'll never repeal the cuts, you need the House, Senate & Presidency. It will be another 30 years before there's another tax reform. Sorry!

Hahaha! Yeah, the fact Sanders didn't have any bills he introduced passed when the gop controls both chambers is a real strike against him. You really got him with that sick burn!
Good Ol Bern, just keep feeding the crap - some may believe you, but not most
I am so glad you were not elected president. You have already admitted that you would have raised my taxes significantly.
HELP!! What do Corporate Taxes pay for?? A common argument that I hear from business people is, “Corporations have to pay 40% of their profits and get nothing!” Now I know they don’t get “nothing” but what do they get for those taxes??
Are you serious? Corps. get the entire commercial, legal, and social infrastructure that allows them to exist. Everything from physical "stuff" like interstates to laws which protect their property. Crops also shield their owners from liability. A privilege granted by government
Hey Bernie! When are going to disburse your wealth? I sure could use some you millions.
At the same time we distribute yours. Did you think he was trying to personally exempt himself from any tax increases he would try to pass? Like, are you trying to do some sort of stupid "gotcha!"?
You sir are a so dishonest. These cuts will help everyone to an extent and you know it
Others are speaking out against the two trillion $ giveaway to the few marginal bonuses or a few token raises to programs show support for the President’s tax cut plan. After tax day, people had finally seen their share of taxes where some of the wealthy pay none or get refunds!
Tax cut for the richest only is nothing but stealing all the other tax payers money - a regular "State Robbery"!

Just like in Banana Republics.

And to fill up, USA will have to loan about 1 trillion! Who will lend USA that kind of money with a crazy lying POTUS ruling?
Do your own damn job instead of lurking in crowds too dumb to know you are part of the problem
You don't even understand basic economics and you want to lecture about taxes. You spend alot of time saying you're gonna repeal taxes on corporations who just gave a bunch of bonuses to people and increased their checks. How are ppl buying this stuff?
yes it gives the American people pennies for a 2 year term it gives the wealthy permanent  increase  how can any idiot vote for that..DT and crew are on their way out  run REPUBLICANS run  you will not serve any more  it's coming SOON bye bye DT gone by the med terms!!!
Fed income & SS tax ate 30% of my 2017 income, corporations shld have to pay 100% of the SS burden & a 50% income tax minimum! I’m never having kids, buying a house, or paying off my student loan debt at this rate.... smdh
Bernie God Bless we need you healthy and majorities in Congress.This is then the time to legislate independent of the Republicans to recover quickly not using lobbyists and reverse Trumpian damage. Then single handedly stop corporate greed single payer healthcare and roads.
#VoteThemOut2018 #GOPTaxBillScam #GOPdoesnotcare
How about no one pays any taxes and government disappears?
If that’s true then why is the economy doing so well and unemplyment at record lows. Your way gave us Venezuela and about 100 other failures that left people oppressed, starving and without a way out.
Liar!!!!
You can bet that @SenSanders is enjoying the tax cut, he's enjoying the $$$ that he is stealing from the American taxpayers.
why are you lying? Why do you always lie about that tax plan? Why does anyone take anything you say even remotely serious? Why do you have three houses? Why do you pay your people less than $15 an hour? Why do you think you're relevant?
Bull Burney!
Socialism is evil; change my mind.
A completely nonsensical statement.
Actually I got more 1300 more back that. Last year, and I'm a broke community college student, oh and my middle class parents are getting 5000 as opposed to 300 but please sit in one of your three houses and talk down to me about how me keeping more of MY money is bad
That's not possible. The sole change in effect right now is withholding starting 1/18. The only (temp.) benefit for the non-rich will be the increase in the standard deduction. But that won't effect U until U pay next year's taxes. Are you lying on purpose? Or are U just stupid?
Dude, those ultra wealthy help grow the economy by spending their money on new ways of making more money. They are the employers
I’ve never had a job from a poor person. Just sayin’
You've made millions on the back of tax payers.
Lies, since when did you know that working families are left behind.
Take your Socialistic views and GO AWAY!
And Americans are thankful that they get to spend THEIR money and not our government who cannot come near balancing a budget
I bet you faired well. 
#Hypocrite
Blowhard
You are not smart. I can't believe you can say that with a straight face.
That's why we call them. GOP=Group Of Pricks.
Shut up bernass
This idiot doesn't know what he's talking about they had eight years to do the things that he's whining about it and totally failed. Bernie Sanders recently bought his first house on a lake his followers couldn't get any to the White House so they got him a lake front house sucke
Pretty sure Republican controlled congress in your " 8 years " scenario
Liar
You say Republican, can you find a tax plan from a Democrat that didn't favor the wealthy of the working class
But yeah tax the 1 % ....otherwise repeal the income tax for the rest of us please.
Today Americans are waking up and realizing taxation is theft.
Congress Votes the Bill & the Treasury Provides the money. The deficits, mean feudalism is great far as the Gopsay party. They do not mean the US Treasury doesn't have the power to make like good for all of us.
And other Americans (you for example) believe that people don’t own themselves.
Shut the heck up you're one of the wealthy with all the Clinton cash sell out
Bot central in Bern town
You are so evil. Under Satan's rule
The #TaxDay has been creating jobs
YEAH! Take up all the money from everyone and spilt it up to everyone evenly! No one work we will all just be and get the same amount of money! Great idea!!
We get rid of trump we get rid of a lot of these crazy issues that's coming out of Washington we went from no drama Obama to trump circus SHAMEFUL for America !!
Preach, Bern! I just wrote one helluva check to the federal govt  and I’m sick of being hit from all sides.  Middle of middle class and feeling every bit of it.
Funny how I'm in the low income range and I benifited from the tax cut but you make it sound like only the greedy rich would support it.
Amen Bernie!
I'm a working family and I didn't get left behind I actually make more money and will get more on my return.
You must be the exception.
Horrible picture there. Reminds me of cold dark place.
With all YOUR money you should go out and buy a clue!
#CluelessBernie
Blue Wave!
Found it!
Bernie is a sell out!! Wouldn't Believe anything he says!! He bent over for the Clinton's!!
You are a very sad old man
You’re so wrong, @SenSanders! Here’s the #TRUTH!! 
#GOPTaxScam 
Because hashtags to a liberal are real life

#MAGA #TaxDay #Ohio…
How does leaving working class families with more money "leave them behind?"
Well, good luck with that one. Won't happen for at least 3 years. Veto power.
You are full of crap. And that’s putting it nicely.
Just STOP ,SenSanders! You have no idea what you’re talking about!!! We need to #EndTheFed & get rid of the #Unconstitutional #Scam altogether!! #BigGovtSux
On this #TaxDay everyone should watch this short clip (< 1 min). The unlawful application of the Internal Revenue Code has ENSLAVED the Nation that our Constitution attempted to free! #IncomeTaxIsFraud #Unconstitutional @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul …
Don't like it here, move to Russia! WTF cares! and take Putin's puppet with you!!! and if you had half a brain you'd go read the Constitution until you understood it!!!
I have read the Constitution & an #IncomeTax on wages is nowhere in it! It is #Unconstitutional! If you don’t like it, YOU & other Socialists, including @BernieSanders can MOVE to the disaster Venezuela...& see what Socialists policies have caused!!

Taxation is theft.  #taxday
Yes we stand to make a America and to protect that which belong to us. Our family and economy

Then I guess you are looked out for.
Yup, all those employed Americans getting bonuses and higher take home pay. Truly clueless. Bedtime Grandpa
Quit lying Sanders, as the proof us in the pudding, more are better off since Trump tax revision....safe your breath & work harder on saving babies from being aborted & their body parts sold...that us if you really are all about us!
Just because liberals hate when people get to keep a little more of the money they earn. If Dems gain control of Congress again all the tax cuts will be gone anyway. Dems couldn't bring themselves to vote for tax for working families.
Speak for yourself old man . This is helping me out immensely.
#moralyreprehensible
Hey dead Beat  pay your back taxes
Pay your back taxes Bern
Where is it that they are against it? More lies!
#TaxationIsTheft  period
Says the man with many mansions and a YUGE salary paid for by US
Blah blah blah...do you ever tire of the BS!
What the fk you talking about. I got 1,000s back instead of you dirty grubby hands getting on the $$$$$.
I thought old Bernie wanted USA to be more like Sweden and Denmark... Their corporate tax rate is about 22%.... Ours went down from 35% to 21% with the new tax law...... soooooooo...... ummmmm......yeeah.....
Actually it’s less than that dipshit when you take into consideration the loopholes and tax evasion schemes that exist from lobbyists making the legislation. It’s closer to the teens right now
Batty Bernie, you'd stand up if your diaper wasn't so full. And it's funny how your snowflakes will stand up against tax cuts, but not the flag. ALL PHONIES

You old communist fossil, we the people and not the government requires 40% of our earnings. We the people are sick of big dem  and lib spending. We the people are sick of the wide spread corruption in our government. We the people are sick of the activist judges. We are American
We are standing up against YOU for protecting government waste, fraud, and abuse. Leave our working families alone. #TaxationWithoutRepresentation
Are you directing air traffic while you talk?
not one dems voted for the tax cuts. we the ppl r happy w/trump, tax cuts, more jobs, growth, n booming economy. dems have nothing to offer but: obstruct/do nothing; wishing america to fail to see trump fail; illegals-first; placing the interests of illegals over americans.
Americans should be standing up against paying 20 - 40% of our earnings to a bloated, ever-growing govt that is out of control & has lost sight of its only mission of protecting the liberty of the People. We don't need more govt? We need more liberty.

u Bernie more made up leftist Bs
we could stand up against this too
Trump & his private club, "The Robbing Hoods" are planning a complete take over of the US government. The Senate will be abolished and there will only one house to control.  The bible has been changed. One of Jesus sayings is now, "The Rich Shall Inherit The Earth. The GOP?

@KamalaHarris tweet this https://twitter.com/tracymfinch/status/986208304031584257 …
Bernie talking about taxes did you pay more than 13.5% last year????
Ahh the wonderfully awesome meme! They hate facts.
 yes. I think liberals would understand pictures better.
Isn’t this the tax plan that is generating new jobs, bringing companies back to America, increasing wages, paying bonuses and that will lower our tax bills next year?  The same one that ZERO Democrats voted for.  Good luck with that campaign slogan. Socialist fraud.  #MAGA
Bernie Sanders Explains Democratic Socialism and how he would pay for all the free shit he said he would give us.
The richest 1% created 60% of all jobs in America & pay over 70% of state & federal taxes and support all the mom & pop shop's just in employees how many have you hired!
We’re standing up to Socialist who want to redistribute our money. That’s correct you leech on Society, it’s OUR money. You liberals take from the hard working contributors & give to the freeloading consumers but you make sure to take enough off the top to buy 3 houses. #MAGA
Do us a favor... everyone who denies it. show your tax refund last year, show your tax refund this year. Show a check stub from last year, show a check stub from this year...   Otherwise, Shut up!   you just hate it because less government money to hand out free stuff.
Death by Socialism. Watch and learn something. See how familiar this sounds.
Thats funny.... according to H&R Block my $789 return will turn into a $2895 return next year. I'm not wealthy or a big corp.. More lies from the clown senator.. Be honest for once and admit you want higher taxes for ALL. you're a fraud & a phony.....
And how, pray tell, are they ‘standing up’??
I'm a working man and I'm seeing more take home pay. So once again Bernie your talking shit to promote socialism and more government control over the people. No thank you.
Perhaps you should be focusing on reducing government instead of increasing taxes.
The biggest scam
Ha...what a hypocrite!!!
With your tax plans we would basically be handing our paycheck over to the socialists.
Bro shut up. Your wrong. I lost confidence in you all. I was a Democrat. Now I’m not. Smh
The blind leading the blind,. The elite keep their sweet tax deals thanks to Bernie and his cronies in Washington, those breaks came and are still used before Trump even came to office. DO YOUR OWN  RESEARCH AMERICA AND QUIT LISTENING TO MSM BEFORE IT'S TO LATE
Bernie I want you to read my new book.  The title is "Even You Can Extract Money From a Liberal"  I got a lot of my information form Al Gore.
I guess the attendees do not have jobs
Technically we are still paying Obama's tax plan.  Next year is Trumps..
I think it was YOUR WIFE WHO SCAMMED a COLLEGE Out of a few Million!
Scammer Mrs. Sanders!
fake news.

this article is from a far right outlet from a year ago. No charges have ever been brought. It’s a dead “story”.
Cut government by 50% and cut taxes.
Bernie, there’s 10 people at your fake rally. None of which owns three homes.
Hey Stalin! Go back to Cuba or Norwich push that propaganda there! Leave our country alone. What do You do with your 200,000k a year? Have you ever helped the poor other than with other people's money.. You're ilk has raised cost of goods on the poorest Americans whilst liyin
Says the guy that wants to tax the hell out of working families and give to people that don't wanna work
You forgot to take your pills go back to sleep
Shut up and sell 2 of your 3 houses and feed the poor you claim to work for you fraud...
I have almost $ 100 dollars extra every week , Bernie. Please !!!I need that money for my middle class working family... 
Yes, you do but the GOP plans to pay for that by cutting social security and Medicare instead of taxing the rich.
I’m saving my money now , and don’t need the damm government help ... don’t spend too much !!! Save the money !!! Government is out of my LIFE !!!
FREEDOM   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Don’t change the  argument !!! I did have a tax cut ... I need I’d BADLY man !!!WAKE UP !!’
It is kind of silly to take 1,000 dollars today only to pay it back 300 times when the deficit crushes us all. I’m glad you like your slice or the pie. I wish the top 1% would pay for it instead of out. kids. Enjoy
Nobody's doing that dummy.
He is an excellent speaker.

In a time before the Democrat Party went completely insane and now only care about social justice, political correctness, income inequality, illegal aliens, identity politics and the non-productive class.
Happy #TaxDay to you Bernie! Please wish @JaneOSanders many happy returns of the day. #BernsReturns
Shut up and take a seat, Bernie

When the bulk of Americans get more back for their 2018 returns than any previous year EVER, the DIMS Threat To Then take away CITIZENS Money will DECIMATE your party FOREVER!  Those receiving Tax Plan Benefits In 2017/18 From Their Employers already know you are a 
Unfortunately, my middle class family is reaping zero benefits. In fact, our tax liability increased.
Hey Bernie put DOWN the PIPE has TAX REFORM until you FIX the fact Hilliary rode you like a rented mule in the last election, you really should stop showing up anywhere you let it happen, you made a deal and let all those bleary socialists down
how much have you saved? i saved some, its better in my pocket than yours

Give them their breaks but we want education in exchange, education that leads to jobs. Retrain Veterans. Retrain those returning to society from jail. Train single parents who struggle to raise their children. Do this and you can keep your $$.
Of course, God forbid the government let people keep more of their own money. 

#TaxDay #GOPTaxScam
See if u feel the same in a few years when we worker bees start paying back the #TrumpTreasuryTheft when the bill comes due. Read some; it won't hurt.
No they’re not.
Are you kidding? Trump has been the ONLY one, because he's not part of your swamp, to give us tax breaks and incentivize businesses to hire and create jobs. What have you ever done to incentivize the private sector to hire?
thank you so much to Rep and President Trump as this is the first time in 10 years we got money back.
Sure am enjoying my crumbs. What is it with you. Why don’t you want Americans to get some of their tax dollars back and enjoy our life a little more. Please move to Russia or just retire and shut up!
Imagine what a petty, vindictive piece of shit you must be to oppose tax cuts for the middle class because rich people get tax cuts too.
Wow. I thought that he opposed massive corporate and individual tax cuts that favoured the rich in order to provide more benefits to the middle and lower classes. Well, you've set me straight on that. Thanks man!
No, he opposes corporate tax cuts period. Even if 80% of Americans get a tax cut, that doesn’t matter to Bernie. 80% of Americans should continue paying higher taxes because of Bernie’s hysterical opposition to tax cuts for the rich.
Even though most of the benefit of the corporate tax cuts are going to the wealthiest Americans?
Lol no they’re not
Time for the rich to pack their bags & leave & start their own country. After the civil war & the communist are dead America will be great again
You are full of BS
No he isn't.
The President American must have had 
Don't worry bankrupting US citizens abroad with 2x tax thanks to #CBT, making sure financial institutions won't take US clients & robbing people with disabilities receiving gov provided benefit where the US contributes nada will make everything better. #RBT expats deserve better
Bernie please don't run in 2020 you're to old. I don't want you to take away any votes for our next dem candidate. We've got to win its a matter of life and death for our country.
I've seen a $600 a month reduction in my withholding since the new tables went into effect.  If that's how much my tax is dropping, I'm good with that.
So what do you say to abolishing federal income tax?
Tax Cuts (for billionaires) on Xmas when nobody notices
Stop lying.  Tax plan was great for me and my family.  Not ultr rich like you, If YOU want to pay more go ahead pay more.
You do realize that you're completely full of it, right?   Talk to some tax accountants to help you get the facts straight.
All these ultra-wealthy people getting tax breaks and raises... Makes me sick just thinking about it!
