Takes a disaster to know a disaster. #NeverBernie
Huh, so is that why Pompeo sought the advice of Hillary Clinton for his hearings?
Good one. But still, #NeverBernie
You’re a fucking zealot.
Lol. Oh, how much fun it is to get under the skin of these little #BernieBrats Go find your free tuition while I hit the mute button. And by the way... #NEVERBERNIE 
A lot of young voters sure like him, but don't let that stop you; I'm in favor of #DemExit, so please go on hating this policy-driven, popular reformer, in favor of your New Red Scare & meaningless #VoteBlue platitudes. This is how 3rd parties rise, #Whig.
Democrats have an amazing new policy platform, meant to convince the next generation that Dems have a concrete plan to reform the corrupt political system that has failed Millennials so badly. Ready? Here it is:…
Ok. You’re so so misled. #NeverBernie Go look for free stuff while we grown ups take the wheel, little one. #BernieBrats #ILoveTheMuteButton
LOL I'm flattered. I saw Star Wars. In the theater.
Bernie playbook: (insert name here) is a disastrous choice for (insert position here) 

You need a new thing, Bernie
There's always a detailed and thoughtful statement following those calls,  have you listened why he believes this?
He’s making these calls based on Pompeo’s personal ideals on domestic issues. Secretary of State is a job, primarily focusing on international relationships. We need someone balanced between left and right. Not the Socialist extremists that Bernie would want.
You certainly have NOT described Mike Pompeo who fails the balance test, and holds seriously flawed views of humans who are not exactly like him (most of us).
He holds views that mankind is sinful. Which includes himself
Bernie Sanders, you are so out of touch with reality, I don't really care about your opinion.
That’s unfortunate, because he’s going to be the next president
Haha Haha....PRESIDENT TRUMP2020
LOL No way he will be lucky if he makes to 2020
NOT Lucky ,qualified .He is at least doing what he said he would for our country .Unlike Obama that destroyed our healthcare,our budget or lack thereof & allowed infiltration by over 180 Muslim brotherhood in the government without being vetted.if your are not happy ,return gains
Qualified at lying cheating and many other nasty things maybe. HE IS IN NO WAY QUALIFIED TO LEAD OUR GREAT COUNTRY OR THE PEOPLE IN IT!!!!
We had a choice of 2 people last election. One was a proven liar and in no way I would trust her to run this country. The other was Trump. You know the results. Now you will have to suck it up like people did with President Obama.
Suck it up?MY honor to serve this man in any way he needs for me to serve.He is the hope we the people elected ,for our country .America was in deep after 8 years of that treasonous prick Obama.Potus loves our country and ALL those within our borders legally .
Coming from a communist that would rip up the constitution in a second if he had the chance.
Could you please provide a single example of Bernie advocating communism? I’ve been looking all over and can’t find one. Thanks in advance!
Leftism Socialism Communism Facism...They are all fantasized by Democrats. 
Your Messiah, the first mixed race President found communism to be the only people he could relate too. 

Everything Democrats advocate is something that weakens our Representative Democracy.
so no then. thought not. keep fantasizing tho
Can't fix stupid. 

Mommy is calling you out of the basement for your pancakes....punk
Fact always get in the way of your fantasy. 

Mommy calling you, better go..
You're an idiot and a corrupt lying politician who sold out his own supporters.
You have lost all credibility please go away.
No, he will not although I'm sure you wish truths wouldn't be revealed by him.
Truth, he knows nothing about the truth.  He sold you out to Hillary Clinton hahahhahha
He probably could have won the election over President Trump. But Bernie and the DNC along with Clinton and the democratic party sold you moronic liberals out. hahahhaahahah the truth hahaha
He said he would support the nominee. Be did. He is way beyond acting like a child over it. It sounds like you just entered being active in politics. If not, you should know how these things work.
Please stop him! Between Pompeo and Bolton - who we can't stop - we've got a war regime in the making!
IF OBAMA and democrats didn't weaken EVERYTHING American , We could be busy rebuilding but after the apology tour, Murder in BENGHAZI,Treason to the Kurds.. Treason supplying Iran with hundreds of billions .
Potus could be MAGA but obstructionista,illegal investigators. Etc etc
Go back much further; to the PNAC gang and their "New Pearl Harbor".
BRITAIN,,,,NOT the US,OBAMA wouldnt help an AMERICAN ALLY to save his soul,if he had one.
We have nothing to discuss. I'm not going to defend Obama or any other president who murders people in other countries on the orders of the bankers & for other war profiteers. There is no axis of evil; only US!
Maybe you should leave and find a better place to live.
Patriots don't run. They work for change so future generations have it better. If that idea offends you, go back into history and look at it with some fresh eyes.
Socialism is a disastrous choice for any country, we must defeat it.


Say it with me: DEMOCRATIC Socialism

At least have the sense to proofread your bullshit
Ok, let's try this.  California has been trying this failed tactic for decades, which is why they have tent cities.  This brand of government will never work in America because we have too much (diversity) that's the nice way of saying freeloaders that don't ante in.
And yet California has the sixth largest economy in the world. So yea, they must be doing something right. And who are the freeloaders? Don't be scared to say what you mean.
Just like every Bernie Sanders post, there’s a sh*tload of trolls here. I love it!!!!
Bwahahaha, you are a socialist, you do not believe in the constitution  again ,lying!!
Do your homework.
I could care less , Bernie is a socialist swine !! That's a fact ! Do your homework
Unless you make 250k+ a yr, you wouldn't be contributing more according to his ideas.Even then,it would be minimal. 250K is where it begins for paying more towards programs already in place today along w other proposals that work for regular people.That in itself isn't socialism.
Furthermore, democratic socialism is just plain socialism . Thanks to that democratic socialist F.D.R. this country already has too many democratic socialism programs as is . Capitalism , you reap what you sow , socialism , you reap what others sow .
employees while they rig the system. That is what is happening as of now.
Take a look at Philadelphia and Chicago , under democrat leadership for decades . They are broke , crime ridden politically correct s**holes  . This country needs personal responsibility, not government handouts . Why should I go to work everyday to support those who don't ??
Not much of a good comparison. The top states for poverty are mostly red states. Look it up...
Anyone on the same “wavelength” as that sorry excuse for a president is a disaster.  BERNIE 2020!
He must be doing something correct, to get @SenSanders in such a rage! God Bless America!
He will still fight for you as you vote against yourself.
You are a disaster as a Senator. Inneffectve, and irrelevant. You'd rather they fire a nuke at us? Retire you useless sack of crap
You’re a bot, aren’t you? Get help
Retire you mumbling idiot
And WHO would you suggest? This man has more experience then ANYONE you've suggested.
Oh wait, AS USUAL,YOUVE suggested NO ONE
With all due respect @SenSanders, you are a disastrous senator #MAGA  Mike Pompeo
God I wish Bernie Sanders was our president.
The only thing "Disastrous" here is you and the fact we have a Communist in the Senate...
You need a history lesson if you truly believe Sanders is communist...how have our people gotten this ignorant?? It will be the demise of our country.
Any nomination from Trump must be defeated. Trump doesn't even know who or what he is appointing to what.
Climate change is a hoax designed to fund unelected world government.
He’s going to be way too old in 2020
Yes...two years older
Currently 76+2+4. By the time his term is done he will be 82. Doesn’t matter, he will get robbed in the primaries by the DNC again. lol
Pompeo is smarter than every democrat politician combined. Your post help prove my point.
Now that's hysterical,  Mike "Duh" Pompeo!
I'm not defending Pompeo or Trump, but who is @SenSanders to lecture anyone about understanding the Constitution?
How is Jane’s bank fraud case going?
Well said Bernie!!!
Does your paycheck say United States of America or Russia. Because ever step of the way you're against our country.  In my mind you're a traitor to America.
The left doesn’t want Pompeo because he is ending the #KoreanWar and they know it. The #deepstate prefers war over peace. Don’t let them succeed! #ApprovePompeo now!
@SenSanders is my hero
Hello Bernie ALL of Trumps picks are disastrous...ex, Betsy sec of Ed she’s the worst because our children our future are at risk!  
He is but so far that has gotten us no where without a more balanced congress. Vote your conscience and policy change. What are your National values. We Are all Americans not a person in America. We must listen, compromise, open our minds and think of others before ourselves.
What is it to be a part of a community? In my mind it is a feeling of fellowship with others, as a result of sharing common attitudes, interests, and goals. This should dictates individual actions.
Just like the rest of his cabinet. I swear it's like he's trying to destroy the country from within.
Keep speaking up sir!!! You are one of few who have the courage! We appreciate you more than you know!!!!!!!!!
I would vote for him just because you don’t like him.
At this point Bernie, we the American people are numb.  He’ll be fired or resign in a controversial manner anyway. Sooo bring on the next republican hypocritical douche
Blow it out all of your holes Bernie!
well im sure the democrats will help defeat him.  LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
That’s a negative, ghost rider!
your wife should be jail for theft and embezzlement.
SOB
Evangelicals
Way to go Mr. Sanders,speak ur mind. #yrealtalk
You're anti-American and an embarrassment,
How?
Don’t you ever get tired of being wrong?
Please Bernie enlighten me on the constitution that you know nothing about. I am guessing you know a lot about the communist manifesto and rules for radicals but not much on the us constitution
Amen Bernie!
Our organization, #AmericanMuslimWomensEmpowermentCouncil has worked tirelessly with #CIA’s outreach to #empower and uplift #Muslim #American #women, Yes! and we welcome #MikePompeo as #SecretaryofState. @POTUS @CIA @StateDept
If you don’t want him then he’s the best choice
I just don't understand how you were never the chosen democrat nominee...

*psssst, it was rigged*

You probably would've been the only one who could've beaten Trump.
You should be milking cows at Ben and jerry's
You are a cranky old fart .
As someone who thought that criminal Clinton was a good Secretary of State you clearly aren’t someone who should be assessing judgement
Sit down and shut up Bernie, the only thing you should worry about is the time you need to take your meds.
Thank you! Please convince your colleagues to vote against him. #StopPompeo
Is there no end to the kind of bigoted yes men that #NotMyPresident, Trump can find to take these very serious positions of power in government? Heads of Corporations in seats of power, who would love nothing else than to Turn Our Country into the haves (in power) & have-nots!
Bernie would make a better President than Trump.
Please run for president in 2020. That is all.
When will all this madness by POTUS end?  When everyday people like ourselves get busy listening and participating in politics to the extent we are able.  A blind person can see what the real problem is...a lunatic is in charge of the US through no fault of sane people in the US.
Hey you grumpy old man, I want to live FREE in YOUR home. I want YOU to pay me to work for YOU. I want YOU to feed me & let me have your car. Are YOU going to dictate that small business owners hire people they don’t need? #AntiAmericanCommunist
Why? In your mind everyone other than a socialist would be disasterous.
Bernie ... the other troll ! #TrumpRussia
#NoConfirmationForPompeo
You have my vote!
#Bernie2020 #MidtermMayhem #Payback2018
I WILL REFUSE to be drafted, to fight in this countries 8th or 9th or 10th UNPROVOKED, OFFENSIVE, AND ILLEGAL war. WE ALL KNOW how(ILLEGALLY)assasinating democratically elected leaders turn out. It will ONLY lead to further disaster and DEATH for the PEOPLE of Syria, Iran, & NoKo
#StopPompeo
ALL of Chump's appointees/nominees are disasters!
spoken like a true obstructionist
That's another reason why Bernie is cool
Because he is an obstructionist? Or because he is a CIA tactic straight out of the silent warfare book? I hope you realize he was never trying to win at anything, he is a plant to give voice to the disenfranchised so he could hand them off to hrc. Did he fight rigged primaries?
Is that knife the DNC plunged in your back still there?
another lackey or bot.  kitten ur fake news.
Ha ha ha. Truth hurts?
Senator Sanders please urge fellow Senators to follow your lead. Trump is establishing a WAR CABINET. Pompeo wouldn't even say weather or not he'd support John Bolton's idea of PRE EMPTIVE BOMBING OF IRAN AND NOKO, a action which even I, a high school student, know to be illegal.
Which of course isn't actually illegal depending on the circumstances. It's also smart as it keeps the other side not knowing what you will or will not do.
You have zero concept of the Geneva Convention or UN International Law obviously.
1)The Geneva convention doesn't preclude a first strike if there is a clear and present danger to the security of a nation. 2)UN international law does not supersede our national sovereignty and law which in fact authorizes the president to act in any way required if a clear ...
and present danger to our country exists. This is included in a first strike although that should be an item of last resort. So yes. I do understand these concepts and I am not in high school. :)

You’re a disastrous choice bern
Too late, we’ve got him.  #MAGA
Bernie while running for President you said people don’t need 2 cars. Citizens don’t need a couple cars but you need 3 houses including a lakeside house

Please stop Bernie
Agree
trump still thinks GREAT presidents start wars
Do any of you Bernie Sanders supporters even question the fraudulent activities of this moron's wife? And even he himself? A man of the people my ass. He's a fraud like the rest of the politicians and you people are being duped!
Love these videos!
Bernie has spoken! Period! You are my my man Bernie! Greetings from The Netherlands.
I agree, but trump wants him, and whatever trump, Ivanka, and Jarod want........they get.
So was Hillary but she got confirmed.
Knowledge is power.
Just can't wait for him to resign or not be nominated or be under investigation just like the rest of all the best people under investigation
Nice...
#StopPompeo


We wouldn't be worrying about defeating him if a corrupt @DNC hadn't conspired to defeat ... what's his name, escaping me now.... at the primaries...
Thanks Bernster, that confirms he's the right man for the job. 

The Right is very smart but we could be absolute morons and still win it all, just by doing the direct opposite of what you #Libtards want to do. 

Y'all #Libtards are incorrect on literally every single thing.
A dog crapping on the street does more than Bernie Sanders. Really in all his years name 1 major thing he's done?
You caved to Hillary! You are a huge disappointment! Just beat it old man! You have no back bone!
Pompeo just stated that he believes that Trump doesn’t need. Congressional authorisation to go to war with Syria, considering that means Russia too, let that sink in. The Sec of State hopeful believes no authorisation for world war 3 is needed! Why do we have 3 branches of Gov?
Bernie doesn’t like Pompeo because Trump recommends him.  Sanders would like someone like Jerry Brown or Pelosi as Sec. of St....can’t think of a more disastrous scenario based on what they’ve done to Cali.  Bernie’s getting to old and jaded with life to be an effective leader.
Bernie you and your wife Ripped millions of dollars of the people. And you’re gonna talk trash on another man you’re the piece of trash.
Pompeo has no strategies at all.  He will do as instructed by trump and we all know how that will end..........EVERYTHING.........IN...........THE...........WORLD - stop the madness!
Bernie supporters are morons
Bernie, democrats are fake lying cheaters that really should not offer opinions abt anyones qualifications - being so caught up in promoting a fake political narrative to quench a never ending thirst for power has skewed your judgement
Of course, because he has a R after his name.  I bet any money he won’t use a unsecured server, leave men in Benghazi, and use bleachbit.
Our country is DEMOCRATE nation. We do not want your SOCIALIST propaganda!!!
In your opinion you miserable old man. Stop trying to alter my constitution born rights
bernie sanders, a disastrous choice for senator
Bernie you need to take a vacation.
What did you expect from a disastrous president
Bernie.....YOU need to read the constitution. You’re an embarrassment.  Retire already to one of your three mansions.
This is all I need to know that Pompeo is most definitely the best person on the planet for the job.  Thanks Bernie.
Bernie You’re a hypocritical piece of crap. Trump could’ve picked mother Theresa and this would’ve been your exact same tweet. Please do us all a favor and retire into oblivion.....
You need to be stopped you old Commie. 
#StopDemLies
#RemoveSenSanders
#BoughtAndPaidFor
He the right man for the job... remember you didn’t win.
Absolutely. This is Pompeo's approach to the zeitgeist of the 21st century.
Which climate change is it this time? We're already supposed to be under water as the ice caps. The Earth was supposed to be uninhabitably hot decades ago. Or is that 2-5ºC that will truly kill us all this time?
Bernie- He's as good as we will get from Trump. At least he's not a traitor or a crook.
as opposed to former AG Lynch who recently took the fifth. Laughable.
If Trump suggested Hillary Clinton you'd think it was a bad choice too. Wait, that was a bad choice...
Go change your diaper!
America needs leaders like you , to teach Americans  how to understand people around world  and how to respect to different cultures and different believers ( democracy)
America needs leader like you to fight for Climate change
Bernie, remember, your opinions have been heard and rejected by America. Pompeo will be great as SOS.
Remember gay people who wore a pink star also died in Holocaust too!  Don't let history repeat itself by appointing Mike Pompeo an old Moral Majority anti-gay rights supporter as Secretary of State unlike Hillary Clinton who supported LGBTQ rights in the U.S. and at U.N. 
Gay people wore a pink triangle to identified as homosexual and parished in the Holocaust in all countries occupied by Nazi Germany!
Call your Congressman to vote NO on balanced budget amendment. 202-224-3121. GOP doesn't care about a balanced budget. They just ran up the debt $1.5 trillion dollars! They want to take away your earned and paid for Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid.
You are so hateful.  How about thinking of Americans first and not your hate for America
Do you like anyone or anything? OMG! You are just the epitome of the leftist whiny crabasses that are jealous of anything that is successful and anyone who is happy. You drag down the hopes of young people who listen to you and use envy for political gain. #ThursdayThoughts
How do we do that without election integrity Bernie 

You know you pushed the Russian narrative on Facebook manipulation 

That has nothing to do with 200,000 votes in New York that were purged 

The whole thing just stinks 
Avoid a disaster. Go back to Vermont, Comrade Bernie, and stay there.
Good luck with that Barney, go vacationing some where far away with your girlfriend killary
You go ride off in the sunset with your p**sy grabbing president
Bern - u are a joke and need to resign!
Your stupid follower hahahaha
I'm voting Trump in 2020 to spite you and getting everyone I know to vote Trump. How DARE you sue @wikileaks when it simply published the corrupt words of people who cheated @BernieSanders. You stole $200 million from voters to his campaign. Show your servers to the FBI for once
You are an obstructionist, socialist fraud and a real disaster.
Men of real substance and work ethic, much less who have worked in the society of America, truly scare you, Bernie who got his first job as a mayor, age 40.  You don’t know the struggle.
Journalist and writer are jobs
Obstruction is all you know. What a sad selfish virtue signalling pansy
Andrew McGregor and I agree #Feeltheburn Pompeo unfit for The Job  @MaddowBlog @PreetBharara @davidfrum @greta @RBReich @AllMattNYT
Nope. Excellent choice. Anybody who opposes is solely due to childish tantrums over dislike for Trump.
I mean were you not for the bombing of Syria when their was still no proof of the Chemical attack?
Didn’t he say he was against it?
So you don’t want piece with North Korea then? Because Pompeo was the one that is brokering the meeting between @realDonaldTrump and The North Korean leader
You are ruining our country
And you are a disaster for president you want us to have higher taxes to pay for your gimmicks
from a person who was paid off by the Clinton campaign and whose wife is under investigation for bank fraud. A real stand up guy
We're doomed with the unfit #president and council. The world is in serious trouble these people are self absorbed and take advantage of everything that brings the dollar bills for themselves
If crazy bernie doesnt like him he must be spectacular
You didn't even call Hillary out. When she stole your nomination with Voter Fraud. There's the real collusion. Thats just one reason your not relevant. Pompeo is perfect choice. He's not a criminal lacky like the Dems are used too. So I understand your disappointment.
Thank god no one important listens to you. You are thed best reason for term limits. Millionaire on the government dime. Sick.
Give it up Bernie your friend's a Democrat so make sure you're out of the race just like Hillary did your other friend
You're a disastrous choice for America. Socialists should be tried for treason. You are the exact cancer our founding fathers warned us against.
You’re nuts.

Haha you lose again
Bull
Yeah yeah yeah...suck it

Pathetic obstructionist
Why?
Agreed.
Not sure how our government has come to the place that we allow communist people look you in the senate. You are sick man Bernie
Bernie, you prefer welfare and foodtstamps for all, rather than encouraging people to work and earn a living.
The idea that Kim might give up the nukes is driving you insane(r)?
Ya, top in class at West Point...you’re a F-ing fool...perfect man for the job...
Thank you Senator for your fight for the American people, esp at a time when people use headlines to build their opinions. The fact that so many of them are on your page trying so hard to change views means they are slowly awakening to reality.
Thank you for securing his vote anyting you hate I will gladly do
Hey Bernie, be honest and tell the truth how you’d agreed to clinton nomination before running, and u just wanted to pad your accts !   Wormie Bernie!
I wondered about that. He didn't speak up about anything.
No!   Your disastrous communist 2 cent head is whats the problem!
Just like you would have been a disastrous choice as POTUS.  You could not even beat hillary.  What a joke!
But most likely *won't* be.
Perish the thought that we would actually have a competent individual at the State Department. We certainly have never had that with democrat choices.
Too late. You lost again.
Or you and the dimms are trying to create a disaster by not approving Pompeo so the ending of the Korean War can actually happen. You want to continue the failed policies. You are anti-american.
GTH Sanders
Not half as bad of a choice as you and Hillary were for president.  Comical AND athletic that you still have a job
How is it that One man can find so many grossly incompetent &/or repulsive people to fill All of Hus Cabinet positions.!  Seriously.! He must really have to study up to find just the right equal to his vile mentality.
#stopberniesbigmouth
Tough Bernie. He's another fighting against globalist takeover
You stood there and promoted the Muslim faith and the terror they bring with them I understand you may be senile but I remember the towers the planes the families they destroyed may hell take you soon
Bernie, you will lose again
Agree, he will push for more wars in the Middle East, it’s time for soldiers to go home, enough blood has been shed
You’re a traitor for not standing up to Hillary for rigging your chance to a rightful run Chicken  Oh yea, she bought you a home on the beach & a new car  Resign for no guts
Too late! The Assistance dems are already hopping onboard the pompo train.
None of these points have to do with the role of Secretary of State. Bernie perhaps you don’t understand.
You would say the same thing if Churchill were alive and up for nomination.
We, the people, don't get to approve his nomination. We, the people, just get to take what DC pushes up our asses. Talk to your buddies in DC, not us...if my opinion mattered, both Hillary and Trump would have colon cancer
Hate to say it but I agree with Bernie.
You are the disaster!
barnie, you would not like anybody for SOS.  You need to retire.  You have your millions. Just an old wind bag, you are.
Bernie 
He is the Perfect person for the Job.. Guess who WASNT the best man for President??
You are always wrong.  How is that possible?
Well, the Senate's DINOS that think that can't be re-elected if they don't buck the Trump are going to betray their citizens here. Hopefully the folks back home will primary them come the next election cycle. Might as well be a Republican if you vote like one.
Bernie shame on you! All the laws you & your wife have broken, all the laws the Democrats have broken, all the laws Obama & his administration have broken, gun running by Eric Holder- such a hypocrite! ALL of you belong in jail!
You wouldn’t support any republican nomination. Admit it
@GRECOBroker @SenSanders So NOW your Twitter page says you are the longest serving Independent?  What a joke. You sign up with any party to their destruction.  You are loyal to none, much less independents.  Your page is a fraud.
@GRECOBroker Hey Bernie. Whenever your face pops up on Twitter, I find it impossible not to blame you for Hillary's loss ie the Dems loss, as much as Trump and the Russians.  Without you, we would have prevailed. Get lost.
Mr. Sanders, no, Socialism is a disastrous choice. #TermLimits #The Gig Is Up
Senator Sanders hold on, we support you in your fight that has always been fair to all Americans !
Explain why
Yes we know.  So please take care of the business you were elected for rather then tweeting.  
And you made millions without ever working a real job ! How did you do it?
Not enough information mr. senator! The problem with Society is everybody points fingers and says one thing. Spell it out give me examples why he should not be Secretary of State.
Shut it Sanders.
Peace with North Korea depends on it. We must nominate him!
If you don't like him, I'm for him

Should I Drop This Though? 
If Bernie says it, believe the opposite.
#Resist
