We deserve a raise and we deserve the middle class be expanded. We deserve to not got bankrupt over healthcare. #MedicareForAll #Bernie2020
Batty Bernie 2, you deserve nothing. Your given the right to work, but not expect me to pay for you. What a flake
Don’t want any more or less from you just rather see my tax dollars stay in the country to help citizens of US rather than bomb Syria, Lybia, Iraq, Afghanistan, Yemen, Packistan people. So I assume you prefer to kill innocent people before helping out here? &
Yea I know we have no war opposition party only one corporatist party. So me and my progressive friends are going to take over the Democrat party and return it to the party of the working class and poor. We will have a new new deal. FDR style leadership it’s all about the policy!
Sanders believes Hamas seeks, insofar as the group's charter calls for the killing of all Jews worldwide. Maybe they'll make an exception for Jewish senators from Vermont who are useful idiots.
Public sector unions are a scab on this nation!
Please Sen, can you speak to where you stand on #guncontrol? Many so-called *progressives* & Dems are claiming you voted against gun control siting these in particular: http://www.thepeoplesview.net/main/2015/7/17/gun-loving-progressive-hero-bernie-sanders-voted-to-protect-racist-vigilante-border-militia … 

http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/jurisprudence/2015/05/bernie_sanders_on_guns_vermont_independent_voted_against_gun_control_for.html … Plz make the truth known & why. With great respect, ThankU!
Please Senator Sanders, make a video clarifying your stance on all the issues. I'm sick of ppl who call themselves Dems & progressives putting you down. Thank you.
Feel the Bern!
Smell the been, he didn't change his diaper yet
I received a letter in February stating that the Life Insurance that my husband has paid into for 17 year has dropped me due to death liability. This does not seem legal to me. As it stands now, my health insurance has more say in my medications than my doctor does. We need help.
The number of illegal aliens working for cheaper wages is one reason Americans wages aren't rising. Why aren't you pushing for more deportations instead of mass amnesty?
Thats because we arr paying for all the people who dont have healthcare, like the 43,000 illegals that cross our borders daily.
But you can't stand with the common everyday people when you're part of the duopoly Bernie 

Our votes don't count, and we're standing on our own 

When can the american people vote for their elected officials without manipulation 

We're waiting 
He's the longest serving Independent in Congressional history. Literally the opposite of being part of the duopoly.
Bernie is now an Independent in name only 

I voted for Bernie since 1984. He has lost my vote

Bernie needs to recongize some of us left the Dems yrs ago

Independents are growing in numbers
Spies against Dilma and US Department of Justice involvement in Lava Jato shows: US has promoted yet another coup in Brazil. Dilma, elected and without crime, was removed. LULA, the greatest president is arrested without evidence. US are responsible for what will happen in Brazil
Really??

New, bright, hot do not miss it!
#beauty #model #celebrity #photo #professional #fashion #style #new #beauty
#יופי #מודל #סלבריטי #צילוםמקצועי #אופנה #בסגנוןחדש 
Did you stand with VT residents who didn’t want the new healthcare problems you facilitated?! @SenSanders fought to get the F-35s?! Doctors have warned of the health & hearing damage to area kids/seniors. That “war machine” you rant about...you fought to get & hurt Vermont kids.
The national system in Qatar  is based on falsehood Trump should not trust Tamim
#Tamim
#Trump
It’s all going to the one percent.
Bernie 2016 whoowhooo! He can win boys lets go!!!!
100 dead and 500 injured in syria just today! Over 500k in the last 6 years. Where is your condemnation? Why havent you said anything? Or do you just talk when a few terrorists die in israel? Your bias is noticeable by everyone.
By the word access you mean someone else paying for it, right? You see they already have this access you speak of, they just have to pay for it like everyone else.
They would have had you not helped elect Trump. Clinton had the endorsements of the majority of unions.
Tell me...How can anyone with just enough education to read be supporters of TRUMP?? That FUCKING IDIOT can’t be OK with people who supported him in the election, CAN THEY STILL THUMP TRUMP??? An insult to anyone’s intelligence
@JamesALyonsJr
Public union pensions and healthcare are bankrupting whole cities, states and countries ... look at IL, CA, Conn., NJ... Puerto Rico, they get high wages, retire early and get unearned pensions.  They should all be on SS like the rest of us. My taxes pay for their pensions.
Really phony bern? Exactly how did voting for open borders and more visas which lowers wages, help these or any domestic worker
Well, their healthcare costs are higher because now you make those workers pay for someone else's healthcare. So the Democrat party should give those employees a monetary bonus to help them carry the costs of Socialism

Have gone up. Tax cuts have also shown increases in paychecks. So why don’t you actually tell the full story instead of making blanket statement to support your parties agenda
so if your pay goes up 3 percent from tax cuts.. that will disappear..but your Costs go up 15 percent... wheres the help there?....
Bernie sellout sanders. I do not know where your information come from. Maybe those people who have flat wages are in jobs where they at the highest wages for that position. Maybe they need more training. Businesses are at a point where they can’t fill open positions. Wages
Really..lol.. Insular much?
We need to reform Congress. Why not a program on Constitutional Amendments for Congressional Term Limits & Campaign Finance Reform? We the people need to mobilize & vote current incumbents, of both parties out of office this November. Congress not working for the American people.
Problem with that is that the Koch brothers aren't term limited.

Term limits were introduced in response to FDR"s presidency. He was the most pro-worker president in US history.
You are sad. State workers have total compensation packages that average 44% higher than the private sector; the people who pay taxes for these packages. You have to consider total package.
Does that total package cover their total need expenses? My wife works for the state.. have a very comprehensive benefit package in appearance... but in reality it is structured in a way its a joke.

Thanks to the Progressive and Liberal Policies of Obama and The Democrats Taking Over of Our Healthcare System...........  TERM LIMITS 

Please sir can you support that all doctors perscriptions must be typed? It would lessen the impact of wrong drugs given to the wrong patients, if this becomes law there would be no mistaking the dosage, and drug, and mode of implementation.
Because ALL the illegal immigrants will work for less then union wages ... thank your Democratic Party
Just stop commies.
Welcome to Neo-Liberal Financial Capitalism!  

#TheNewHumanRightsMovement
You are part of the machine that created this problem yet you want to blame everyone but yourself
Get them a job with the government... problem solved Bernard

Even after you quefe’d in fighting DNC you are still the number one guy I would vote for.   You old bastard.  You are true to your cause.
Doesn't it increasingly seem that public sector workers are one of the few groups that even have pensions and some worker protections?  Where's the balance, Bernie?  What is your actual, achievable plan if you make it into the Oval Office?
Once again you refuse to give up your $millions to help the workers! Until you lead by example you like the rest are just blowhards
Dear Bernie, This is happening to me too! Yet we listen and watch as the President and other elected officials boost of America open for business and the like. None of what they say is what we the average worker is experiencing. We are the forgotten. My health ins gone now too.
Senator Sanders, please run for President.  #Bernie2020
Our wages can wait, our kids need gun control first. This is where every senators focus needs to be. If it isn't done first, and another mass shooting or school shooting happens, there will be riots in the streets or worse. Need I say more than Ralph Norman brings a gun to dinner
If only the world was filled with more people like Bernie Sanders!
All workers should have this access.
“Socialism is the philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the  gospel of envy.” --Winston Churchill   “The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings.  The inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries.” --Winston Churchill
How much money do you get from pharmaceutical companies? Stop lobbyists then cost will drop
Give 'em hell Bernie!
Wait until we no longer have migrant workers and people cannot pay for fresh food.
BERNIE2020

Unions are part of your socialist plan. Workers get little from unions. Study what they did under Hoffa! Nothing has changed!
@HuffPost @politico Cradle to grave public support, like you have enjoyed.

It’s time for a coup de’tat, Bernie. It is quite obvious that our government does not work for, or in the best interest of the people. While we’re at it, confiscate all of the money that companies hide in offshore accounts & spend it on the people.
Ok stop stealing social security, let free market dictate prescription cost. Shouldn't have to go to Canada or Mexico to get decent priced prescriptions.
Flat wages?!?!?!  Are you high again????  Wages have been going up since a real POTUS took office.  Glad hillarious beat you! The economy is great. Is this the best you have.  Must be time for you to retire.

Bernie u do realize that to create jobs it takes a growing economy then it takes a risk taker to start a business u and ur socialists hate businesses but yet u want ppl to have jobs u make no sense
#CognitiveTestDems
Interesting that many of the psych meds I prescribe is on that list. Along with buprenorphine says mental health and opioid tx is not imp. Suspect the wave of the future
Hi Andrea
It's too bad you preferred to placate the oligachy rather than fight
You should they have had real jobs and succeeded.  You have been a much your entire life #Bernie2020 #GOP
you dont use words much, do you
On occasion.... sometimes a meme is all you need
probably shouldn't post pictures of yourself on the web. people could take them out of context.
I expect better than that weakness.  I thought you were a grumpy socialist?  Just a small observation,  "grumpy socialist" isnt that a bit redundant?
Create the problem. Complain about the problem. Propose to solve the problem. Politics 101. You people really suck.
Workers of the world unite. You have nothing to loose but your chains. Roght Bernie?
Give me a break. The public employee receive higher salaries greater healthcare coverage for less money any substantial greater retirement then any private employer provide. Do some research. You are unbelievable.
Give me a @brea
"Rising health care costs"?  Who is responsible for that? Ever since the implementation of Obama Care, health care costs have been doing nothing but going up.
The mouth has spoken again.
Tell me Bernie, how much do unions donate to you and are they part of the evil mayonnaise and bayonnaise?
Hey Grandpa Bernie, do you still like Canada’s healthcare system?
And president Trumps tax cuts are doing just that.
Try Christian Health Ministries or Medishare!
Normally with you Bernie, but many state, county, and municipal employees are already grossly overpaid for doing what a trained monkey could do. All off of my and other's taxes.
Where do you think the rising health costs come from? Look in the mirror Bernie. YOU VOTED FOR IT!
Maybe Jane can find some http://money.Im  sure she s got a gov stash
Blame obama for healthcare costs going up. He didn’t have a long term plan and left us with his mess @DonaldJTrumpJr
In Iowa State workers and there families only pay $50 a month for insurance. That is not fare by any means . Just because you wrk for the state or government you shouldn't get insurance dam near free.
Most of the medications on that list are brand names. On my private insurance, for which I pay handsomely, I have been using the generic equivalent for years. Can the people on taxpayer funded insurance not do the same for god sakes?
They do
You forgot to mention tapioca pudding.
The sloth suggest you look at entitlements and Obamacare to find the source of the spikes in prices.
#TheSlothHasSpoken
They all do have access to those things. What are you whining about.
Rising healthcare costs. Hmmm, wonder how that happened?
How about privatizing education, tort reform to stop the high cost of medical insurance and cross state competition for insurance provider's to start with.  BS you should look at Venezuela for why we don't want your policies!
A diversified society will lead to the same form of government.   This is the real issue in politics.   America needs far more unity amongst the People.

But wait Bern. The narrative from Democrats is that Obamacare was a great deal for all Americans, and would lower healthcare costs! Even the liberal messiah said, " premiums for families will decline $2500 annually!!
If Congress had acted instead of obstruction a lot of this could have been avoided by fixing the problems.
There has never been a more obstructionist Congress of today. Comprised of nearly all Democrats and the GOP establishment. However during Obama's reign of terror, everything he wanted, he got!
But @SenSanders ...the health care that you supported (affordable health care act)  wasn’t affordable...get it!!!  Ppl should receive health care through their employer...do you get that???  Anyway, aren’t you a millionaire???
What if your employer doesn’t provide you the healthcare you need?
Maybe if you in DC didnt tax the crap out of everyone, the localities could raise their taxes enough to cover their wages and benefits
Ironically, if it wasn't for you & what your party stands for we wouldn't have stagnant wages or rising health care costs.
By the sounds of the responses here your not up popular Bernie
You want to fix health care costs? A FREE and totally open nation-wide market. COMPETITION will force down prices. Most things DON"T need to be fixed by the government.
Only the working-class and tax payer can make it change  not poor and old the poor and old have no voices in what they get or don't get not everyone gets the same or free stuff most go without or have very little if they are lucky people need to wake up
The healthcare rising costs stemmed from the ACA which made health insurers raise my husband and my insurance to $17,000/year.  It's as much as a mortgage pymt.  The ONLY people benefiting are the very poor, but to you, if the middle class is bankrupted in the process, that's ok.
Why does the NRA love you so much?
A D rating is not love. He stands for hunters rights is the only reason he doesn’t have an f.
OK teachers got a 16% pay raise and went on strike AFTER getting it. Public is getting weary of being held hostage to public "servants."
Bernie is always standing for this and that.  How come he never sits and does anything? #BernieSanders

Let’s do away w/ SS and ACA. Get the government out of the public market. You have no clue on how to run a business. I wish VT would wake up and vote your corrupt ass out of office. Can you explain how you became a millionaire while being a Senator?
You make 170,000 a year while serving in Congress...
Okay but Adderall, Prozac, Valium and Xanax SHOULD be harder to get because so many people in Vermont are abusing them and it’s become a problem
I'm not sure you can abuse Prozac and the world might be a better place if MORE people who need it were able to get a responsible prescription for it.
How long have you held office? Why are you acting now? Where are your results prior to the 2016 election?  Asking for a friend...
You stand with them huh?   When was the last time you did a public town hall in Vermont?  6 years ago?
Of course the public sector deserves all the benefits that the private sector can afford, right up until we run out of money.
Says the millionaire with at least 3 houses... if you cared about wages, you would support lower taxes. If you cared about healthcare,  you would let insurance companies compete for our dollar, which would lead to lower costs. And as far as our retirement,  stop spending!
Until you walk back your vote against Russian sanctions your words mean nothing Mr. Sanders.

#BernieColluded
Piss off   What about me
Hey shit bag don't get state workers confused with private sector, your a socialist remember.
"Our public sector workers" All for big government!, Hey Bernie? A tell tale sign of a true communist! Dont forget, they are supported by the taxation of the private sector. Money doesn't grow on trees!
Do you actually work? Write legislation? Sponsor anything that’s passed? You truly are a great representative of socialism. Protest and accomplish nothing.
Have you done any investigation into what he has accomplished? Don’t just be a megaphone for the ignorant.
All he does is tweet. He’s part of no solutions to any problems. Stop being a mouthpiece for the sheep.
Still haven’t actually checked I see
Looked it up multiple times, genius. 7 enacted bills since he’s been in office. 2 for post office designations and one for a Vermont proclamation. Major accomplishments.
GASB 67 & 68 has end the Secret sweetheart deals many localities and states HAVE and had with public sector unions.
Now, OPEB and such have to be REALISTICALLY reported publicly.
Demand to see your state’s and locality’s CAFR.
The answer is very clear.  Raise the Vermont state income tax so that Vermont citizens can pay for Vermont state employees.  Simple.
How about we stop funding the defunct f-35 ?

Let's see the plan
I guess you haven't read the wage and earnings report this week.  Wages are up.
I agree - you should reduce your own rising “healthcare” costs by reducing your consumption of some of those “psychoactive” happy pills you ostensibly consume
Perhaps you will take a stand against illegal immigration that drives down wages as well if you're really for these people.
Squeezed? We stand a TAXPAYERS and this isn’t your money to give away. I fund my own damn retirement.
Maybe grab a seat Bernie, aĺl that standing?
Bernie is sitting on his piles of cash! He makes $130,000 a year from a tax payer funded salary! The citizens of Vermont are paying for Bernie’s lake house while they go hungry!
i assume you feel this way about all senators then. correct?
Correct!! No one should get rich off a tax payer funded salary!!
completely agree. I assume then, youve been trolling the other senators accounts as well. You DO know that bernie is one of the least wealthy congressmen we have, right?
Lol! Least wealthy? That’s not true! 

Bernie is a millionaire!!
you sure are a goose. according to this, he doesnt even crack the top 50. so, why dont you go bother @NancyPelosi, who has far far more. k thanks 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_current_members_of_the_United_States_Congress_by_wealth …
Lol! Wikipedia! Nice! 
Nothing happens automatically. Someone has to work on it.
"We have run our of money" (they tell us)

#SaveYemen Palestine Syria Iraq and Honduras from #BipartisanGenocide

http://EcoShock.org  
