Today I'm introducing legislation to hold the pharmaceutical companies and executives that created the opioid crisis accountable for the extraordinary harm they have caused.
Why are you holding the companies responsible? Absolutely ridiculous that people, individually, aren’t held responsible for their own actions anymore.
See Dupont
Why start with the opioid companies? Why not alcohol makers, alcohol kills way more? And what about fast food & junk food makers causing obesity deaths? Why do you think it’s your job to regulate personal liberties, including my Dr patient relationship? #opioidhysteria #painKILLS
We need to REMOVE GOVERNMENT INTRUSION from the doctor patient relationship! Why would anyone CONDONE this HOSTILE GOVERNMENT TAKEOVER?!? Sen Sanders could be a champion of CP/IP PATIENTS. Instead of MONKEY SEE, MONKEY DO! Stand up for PATIENTS RIGHTS!!!
how about you hold the drug cartels in Mexico accountable for their billions they earn every year illegally and tax free.
It's wrong to blame these companies for opioid epidemic. Stop attacking businesses. America is a capitalist country. Too far left!
Its wrong not to hold them accountable when  we have proof of pharmaceutical dumping in several hard hit areas. The dumps were intentional, they knew full well what they were doing and chose an insane amount of profit over the countless lives that have been lost and impacted.
Not all Pharma companies do this.  Please provide specific proof.

Ok Bernie, 2017 wasn’t to bad for yourself #SpeakTruth not #Bullsh_t that’s a nice income for a Goverment job. #LikeAllTheRest
No need for excuses Sir. I can see with my own eyes. I know most people do buy $180,000 vehicles with leftover presidenal funds. #CptSocialism #MAGA
Now do Apple and deaths from texting.....
What about the doctors who just prescribed them indiscriminately or patients who manipulate them in an attempt to only get the prescription? Blaming pharma is a far fetched misdirection of the blame
Let’s do all of the above. If we don’t go after big pharma, it just incentivizes them to make more dangerous products that taxpayers have to pay for through Medicaid and incarceration.
How bout as a conscious consumer that operates on your own free will, just don’t buy them and choose physicians that don’t prescribe you drugs detrimental to your health, big pharma gets no revenue, free market wins
One can’t be a conscious consumer, and a market isn’t free, if merchants in that market purposefully deceive consumers about the dangers of their product.
Have you ever noticed all the drug commercials on TV treat symptoms,  not cure? Pharmaceutical companies want repeat customers, not cure and loose customers.
Also only US and New Zealand even ALLOW drug ads on TV!
Imagine if the profit motive could be removed from medical care, not have the government run it, a private system and reduce cost in many cases by over %90.
Sounds crazy doesn't it. 
It IS possible. I know for I've developed a plan that works and can be done now. #directcare
What we have NOW is a private system, not a government one.  How ya like it? A government health care system would be like Canada has. Private = for profit. Even the nonprofit hospitals have to play the game.
Yes, i agree for they still operate using the "for-profit" mentality model. 
What I'm proposing is a different model where rhe doctor and patient make the decision on what care is needed, not a for-profit company who is interested in making money first and care second
Killing junkies and illegal users. Punishing chronic pain medication patients.
Doctors don’t spend enough time with patients to know who’s at risk and who’s not. They know the risks of these drugs. Saying big pharma told them something wasn’t addictive is a cop out. I HATE big pharma, but this is doctors not bothering to know their patients
@SenSanders , Let’s start one against big tobacco companies and breweries too. They need to be held responsible for all the idiots abusing the rights and privileges. Oh wait, isn’t everything happening out in America, THE AMERICAN DREAM? Or are we all that hypocritical now?
You go to school to be a bartender, like you would to work with pharmaceuticals. Once you pay the bartender, you are prescribed a dosage of alcohol. He measures the amount of alcohol content, that goes into my glass. Like an IV. Are you even using your Brain? Sheep.
No, just an alcoholic that prefers professionals trained and schooled in the art of alcohol. Why? You like what you see?
Should we also not address the doctor shopping for prescriptions?
Doctors shopping is practically impossible as most all states now use a prescription monitoring system.  Doctors & pharmacies are required to check @ each visit & before any scheduled II medication is written/or filled.  Have been for several years now.
Ppl who need pain medicine are now treated worse than those convicted of drug crimes. We are put in databases, face lifelong parole like penalties that include endless drug testing, being limited to 1 pharmacy, & are subjected to pill counts. We're treated w/contempt & suspicion.
My ex has flooded  America with tainted drugs and Trump doesn't care
Quit lying
While MANY #alcohol companies,made billions, our #corrupt government finds it acceptable that 88,000 die a yr due to that drug! They instead go aftr our Vets/disabled, #painpatients shutting our drs down so tge SI k have nowhere 2turn but streets 4relief or #SUICIDEDUE2PAIN! !



BTW, this is not a prescription drug crisis, this is an illegal and illicit drug problem. Millions in chronic pain are suffering due to the draconian laws being passed.
How about suing alcohol companies for selling products that kill people. Alcohol causes 88,000 deaths a year. More than all opioid deaths. How about the over 250,000 deaths caused by medial errors?
It's not them killing people, it's the "clinics".
Bernie I don’t agree with you on many things but this is something that is badly needed
Go home Bernie.
or the high cost of drugs ( IN THE USA) that people need to stay alive, Money talks eh burnie
@SenSanders, plz, PLZ don't forget about the patients who NEED to take these meds for pain & take them responsibly! Opioids R a problem & drug cos & others should b held accountable. But plz make sure it doesn't restrict access for ppl who rely on these meds for quality of life!
then help our President with this problem
Uhhhh it’s the doctors proscribing them. Of course those that are streaming across the open border is all on you clowns
I fail to see how this is the fault of any modern organization. Evidence of opium abuse has been found in Stone Age sites.
Dems number one goal should be how do we win elections because if you can't it leaves you with talk talk talk without being able to change anything !!!!!
You voted against liability for gun manufactures for making a legal product. How is this different? I think doctors over-prscribing are the problem.
Only a small percent of ppl who are prescribed #opioids for pain become addicts once the pain is resolved. The problem is it only takes a small percent to create a crisis when opioids are prescribed to millions of people.
A 2% addiction rate creates 20,000 addicts per 1M users.
Seems to me Sanders stated he wants to hold drug companies accountable which would include no kick backs to docs.
CDC study shows u can become addicted in a matter of days. That is concerning. Perhaps like medical marijuana they 1/
You can become mentally addicted in days…physical addiction takes much longer. Many ppl are on pain killers for months while recovering from accidents and have no trouble cutting their dose to zero when its no longer necessary for pain management.
Agreed and it is same premise as in all addictions.. Having an addict in family has shown me that brain is wired diff..
How about the crackheads that knowingly scam doctors for this shit.  You break your leg Bernie, are you going to take Percocet or Tylenol?   Some people just have a genetic tendency to abuse drugs and alcohol.  I mean you sound drunk all the time....
Holding big business accountable is akin to shaking the foundations on which this kleptocratic country was built.
Anybody wanna bet Bernie has major money tied up in drug company stock. Just like Ralph Nader. Rail against industries that you have deep investments in. Ralph got caught once we saw his tax returns.
Everyone is making millions and billions except you Bernie Sanders. Or is he..... Won’t show his entire tax returns. So I suppose we have to continue to listen to you rant about millionaires and billionaires.
Bernie the piece of shiite...Bern wants it on both ends...wants the big pharma to slide a prize under the table up front....then notice how he wants to fine them...and YOU GUESSED IT...A$$hole Sanders and his  bubba thieves in Congress gets the penalty money...wanna puke you POS.
Actually Bern, we should go for the private fortune (billions) of  miscreants like Richard Sackler, M.D. and Perdue Pharma. Still making big bucks from manufacturing deadly  opioids.
Another question, if they are making billions a year in profits, why are we continuing to fund them with our tax $$$ for research in to new drugs with more side effects and fewer benefits that they turn around & put a patent on & charge people excessively for.
That would be the Afghanistan war where British and American troops guard the opium like gold.
people like Cuomo aren't going to help with that
While you're at it, target the state medical boards that harass doctors who prescribe medical marijuana instead of opiods for pain.  My doc says corporate policy won't even allow him to have the discussion, so he prescribes oxy.  Hypocritic oath has replaced the Hippocratic.
How about people be accountable for their own actions and understand that they can use and abuse their privileges given by their physician
Drug companies aren't writing the prescription BERNIE! Doctors are!
ilu
They spend billions developing the drug and have only a couple of years to make that money back before the patient is up and generic versions are made. The FDA needs to approve the drug, but the company can still be sued. That is why drugs cost so much.
Great. When will we hold drug companies accountable for vaccine injuries and deaths?
I agree Sir
how about you attack #doctors that over prescribe the #drugs? How about the #judges that send #addicts to #prison instead of #rehab? How about you and your fellow #Congress members that keep #marijuna illegal. I do hate #BigPharma but they simply make the opioids. #BernieSoldout
How about all of the above? Why let big pharma off the hook? It will just incentivize them to make more poisons they get rich off of that taxpayers pay to clean up through Medicaid and incarceration.
These are companies that make a product, they dont prescribe it. Your anger is better aimed at doctors and judges. Doctors over prescribe the meds and judges put addicts into jail instead of rehab. We dont punish breweries for drunks, how is this any different?
Don’t you get kickbacks from these companies
When is the last time you tried recovering from major surgery without opioid pain management? I thought not! #Pharmaceutical
#LoDijo .@SenSanders Mientras que algunas compañías farmacéuticas han hecho miles de millones c/año en beneficios, ninguna de ellas ha tenido plena responsabilidad por su papel en una epidemia que está matando a decenas de miles de estadounidenses cada año. Eso tiene que cambiar.
CRlgs ClthRps &I say 1. Blessings from Christ Circle of Life for sharing the truth... 2. Actually they're being held accountable for their own lustful ways crimes with additional Cardinal sins 3. More reason for spprt finncl wrkng tgthrWTH Tru CRlgs ClthRps &I in repented
Another example of where Obamacare failed miserably. Democrats claimed to have fixed healthcare but actually made it worse.
They are the ones who have the power to end the epidemic. However big money is all they care about!
in holland we have a computer pkg that shows who gave what to who  our healthcare computers are linked copying prescriptions not possible all is done on line and the best thing  hospitalisation give one itemized bill for everything   the rest hospitals, dr,s etc can figure out
Man, just cut the shit and say it outright. 

"I want everyone to get everything for free."
Sure, that’s exactly what he means. Enjoying your libertarian paradise?
When you add up everything he bitches about ... yeah, it's pretty much what he means.
Love of corporation destroyed Obama care. The corporate beast is out of bottomless pit to wreak havoc on the middle and poor sick people of our unregulated system.
Did you secure our southern boarder yet to prevent drugs from coming into America?
Drugs have to be regulated: Doctor prescription date for one person and one month worth medication and Dr. visit at 1 month checks med. results (stops prescription....REGULATION)
Trust me, they are highly regulated.  But do we really need big government policing us even more? I say stay out of my doctor patient relationship.  If he as a medical professional thinks I need a certain medication, then why should the government ? It?
U know the drug dealers Trump wants the death penalty for? Big Pharm is those drug dealers! Good luck!
When are we going to hold political leaders accountable for the decisions that they make that result in death?
Hey, while you are at it, let’s go after the role the tobacco industry plays in the annual death of ~500k people. Why isn’t tobacco a schedule I drug? Seems to fit the description way more than the substances that are actually on the schedule I list.
Better add sugar, salt, and carbs to that as well. Then lack of exercise, TV, and video games. We all make choices. Why not have the individuals take responsibility?
To be perfectly honest, I can go either way with this discussion. But if we are going to go the route of individual responsibility, then we should legalize all drugs.
But I do understand addiction, and there is a part of me that thinks these companies should be on the hook a bit for putting out products that mostly do harm.
There's old man Sanders again, complaining. Mr doom and gloom. By the way, How's your health care GRANDPAP sanders? I know the best there is. YOU hypocrite
I can tell you that many people have been cut off from their meds. People like my mom and friend with horrible arthritis. They are low dose hydrocodone. .5 mg once day people are being punished. Sure stop creating addicts but let people who can responsibly manage pain do it.
Same goes for Car companies and makers of Alcohol products. Quit talking already .
If car companies knowingly make very dangerous products that kill people and cause huge taxpayer expense and personal misery, then hell yes, go after them too. If we don’t it only incentivizes them to make more bad products, push them on the public, then taxpayers pay the bill.
Senator Sander's the drugs are pouring in from the porous southern border. A border that you refuse to secure. You share in the responsibility of this epidemic. Secure our border and prevent these deadly drugs from entering our country.
End the drug war, goofball. You think naturally occurring plants are going to be consistently worse than some lab created chemical concoction?
Lobbying = corruption!
But what about those who die because they can't afford medicine?  It happens too often.
Don’t forget about the overuse and abuse of antibiotics. A CRE bacteria epidemic could be 1000x worse than the opioid issue.
Time for Bernie to stop preaching and go back to the woods and take up knitting.  He helped Trump into the oval office, he lost.  Go try that retreat into obscurity thing, Bern.
haho
So what do you propose?  They are not allowed to make profits?  They must give all profits over a set amount to some entity?  Or they can only make a specific number of pills per year?  What if you put the blame where it belongs, instead of exciting your base against big corps.
Noble cause, I just see the pharmaceuticalgn
 companies
Raising their prices to combat the fines being put on them.
Boycott anything by Sacklers .@sacklercentre .@SacklerLibrary They are Narcos just like El Chapo but they aren't Black or Latino and sit in country clubs. Just as guilty as any kid selling dimebags on the orner. They abused the pain of patients and hurt them, even killed them.
Then send cops to arrest them.
Wait a minute. It was actually the government  that started this. You demanded via CMS and regulatory bodies that pain be treated despite limited medical therapies. You even punished physicians for not prescribing via pain control surveys. You were told what would happen.
Who’s behind the opioid crisis? (((They))) have blood on their hands..
Methinks you are promoting antisemitic rhetoric...
SENATOR BY DOING THIS WE WILL CUT FUTURE DEFECIT IN HALF!
SENATOR WE CLAIM SKYROCKETING COSTS AND A EVER GROWING DEFICIT YET WE DO NOTHING ABOUT IT LIKE BANNING LOBBYIST FOR PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY !AND LOBBYIST FOR ARMS MANUFACTURER!
That epidemic is Socialism!
I guess that's the one you're not getting money from Bernie
SENATOR WE CLAIM TO BE REGULATED IN ALL CATEGORIES OF COMMERCE !BUT WHEN IT COMES TO MEDICINE BECAUSE OF LOBBYIST ;WE HAVE NO REGULATION !THE PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES.; ROB THE GOVERNMENT AND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WITHOUT A MASK AND A GUN!
There is a great progressive running for PA house seat 106 @Voterobmyers and I think you could get behind his policies!
Good luck 200 million per yr in lobbying.
You sold out
The rich are never held accountable- they just pay minuscule fines in proportion to their fortunes- meanwhile the poor go to jail or are murdered 4 jaywalking
Sweeping generalizations ftw!!
And, in this fight, don't forget those of us chronic pain sufferers who are also in crisis!
Like we should hold car companies responsible for the people w8drive the daily and all the deaths every year that are car related.
They have been held accountable many times for car defects that cause death and disability unfortunately with only a financial slap on the wrist
When you crucify the drug compaines, remove their profits & provoke liability suits - who will spend the billions in R & D necessary to invent the next life saving drugs - Govt? God save us all.
Hundreds of thousands of Americans die from car accidents every year. Yet rarely do we hold the car industries accountable for deliberately making their cars less reliable than they can be to make more money back on repairs.
We did, that's why we have seatbelts, airbags and safety standards. Corporations will not hold themselves accountable.
Seatbelts and airbags don't mean shit when the transmission or breaks malfunction due to poor quality. Honestly with all of the modern technology out there. We should not need to run cars on a lot of the parts we do.
...the vast majority car accidents are caused by user error. Your talking about planned obsolescence, an entirely separate issue. Bernie is talking about the opiod crisis which is caused by the pharma industry getting doctors to prescribe way to many opiates.
and Americans do not bother to pay thousands of dollars to pharmaceutical companies. if this happened in another country, people would take the streets.
preach it
No but they sure in hell got a big fat tax break from @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump . These two are the new killers of America
One seems to be more guilty than the others...
You tell them Bernie
Hopefully your party is held accountable for its deaths of people and hold you all accountable !!!!! #bankfraudbernie
That true
Both Corporate Parties oppose universal healthcare
Murica
