The tax code was better before the trump tax breaks, But it needed change before the tax break as well. We need a tax code that allows the middleclass to generate wealth, while de incentivizing insane wealth growth for the wealthiest.
American success is not defined by how many billionaires we have, it is defined by how many Americans have achieved economic independence with the real ability to provide an increasingly better life for their family.
If your life is not getting better because you are already a billionaire and taxed at a higher rate than those who make less than you, well then that is a blessed problem to have isnt it.
Which is why trump is requiring welfare people go back to work...
Some people on “welfare” CAN’T work, like the disabled and children. Also, the average time people spend on programs like food stamps is a few MONTHS. You know, long enough for snowflakes to complain, and the recipients to get back on their feet. That’s from food stamps’ office.
Food stamps was designed for people to be on there just a few months till they got on their feet but it's turned out to be generational welfare where people never get a job entire families don't have jobs because it get free food why do they need to work?
Thats not entirely true and you're perpetuating a stereotype that these people are lazy. About a third are low income workers and the people you'd be hurting the most are children, the disabled and elderly. Why not go after corporate welfare?
We have seen this before . . . REAGANOMICS!
Outside of Memes do you have any proof

This is political BS
Provide some actual points that refute the content of the article?  I mean I'm sure you are a genius, but still, just you saying something is BS doesn't really persuade.
Not one mention of The 1.8 million job created the very fact that it’s so politically biased I could literally cut the Blue with a knife,
Oh, you love trickle down economics.  Got it.
My checks have been a bit larger... 
how much larger?
More than before
Give me a dollar amount
Mine went up 45 bucks.
Remember, that’s only temporary. We need real long term fixes, like eliminating personal federal income tax for the middle class. Forget the postcard tax return. How bout we only pay tax to the states?
Exactly! Middle class@gets a short term tax break while corporations are paying a lower percentage without an end date.
If the large companies don’t make money the little people that work for them will not make money simple
So before Trump they weren’t making money?
what an idiotic point with no relevant meaning.
That’s why you are in the same category as Maxine Waters Noah
I wasn't referring to your point, but FB's

Speaking of illegal, when does your wife's bank Fraud trial start?
#BankFraudBernie #ShadySanders Hey Nat? Does this mean you were a #SeaHag supporter? Not everyone anti progressive voted for Trump. ASSuming facts not in evidence?
Lovely 
if the shoe fits! 
There you go lying and blaming others again. Rich senators have been taking advantage of taxpayers for years. Time to reform congressional salaries.
can’t we repeal laws encouraging cooperate tax dodging AND reform congressional salaries ??
Sure. It’s feel good legislation though. Corporations will just park their headquarters overseas again, instead of bringing jobs back here. Stock buy backs help millions of Americans in their retirement investments.
this is a tired talking point. taxes for big corporations were already historically low even before the trump tax bill and lots of them were sending jobs outside of the us.
they also get corporate welfare and trillion $ tax haven is left alone. still jobs are sent away. plus the tax bill will *raise* taxes on working ppl in the long run.
the whole bill is a robbery a way of funneling $ to the rich.
Yes the bill robbed me so much I’m projected to save about $2,500.00 next year. Damn thieves.

Said the woman who used Social Security and Medicare.
How is gladly accepting back some of the taxes plundered from us via SS somehow incongruous with being against being plundered by authoritarian redistributionistas in the first place?
Last time I checked #Trump, the Corporations & their owners paid 20% or more in taxes. What have you paid historically #Bernie? I’ll tell you only 13% or less. 
#hypocrite #loser #socialist #bum 
 #CrookedHillary #bitch
#MAGA #MAGA
Also wanted to point out the fact that you felt the need to be a PC princess and reference my “vulgarity”...

#grabthembythepussy anyone? 

Great example! See her blue hat that represents your party the #DumbocRATS lol.. I’m glad you agree with me that u #idiots need help. Lol..
#loser #troll #idiotsandwhich #DumbocRATS 
#MAGA #MAGA
Lol, not a Democrat but thanks for playing.

Trump said if he runs president it would be as a republican because they are dumb as hell and he was right...
You know that was Dirsproven by politifact‘s, he never said that
Said it or not it's true,
Prove it,
Can I have one of your houses?
Whataboutism?
Socialism bro. He owns three house it's only fair I get one.
Technically he has mortgages so the banks own the properties..

He's not Mr moneybags and it's all traceable.
You've seen the mortgage documents?
We know that he bought the lake house by selling a house Jane had inherited, they used the $ to buy the new place. They had to take out a mortgage.

We know their main house was bought in 2007 for 370k

Condo was bought in early 90s for cheap in DC

He drives a Subaru.
We also know he makes 170k a year and doesn't take money from corporate or super pacs.

He's well off but don't make him out as some rich, money loving, corporate whore like nost of congress (both sides!) 

He's an independent and hasn't had to raise money for party either.
He also doesn't hate the rich. He just believes they should follow the rules that society has set. They can do anything within those lines as long as they don't screw the people. 

But lately our bought out Congress has taken those lines away as we sell our country to corps.

Keep smoking your libertarian crack.
Yeah, principles against initiating violence and being pro consent and self-ownership are soooooo lame.   How's the authoritarian junk you're injecting working for you? Seems to be a deeeeeeep haze view of the world.
And the idyllic societies free of any social supports or structures?  Can you share some of those wonderful examples of unfettered libertarian-ism with us?
I'm a small biz owner in CA with two employees. This tax break helped me immensely. I'm as middle class as they get.
Just think how much more it could have helped if their focus wasn't on rewarding their donor base

For every tax break you got, your corporate competitors got more. Who does that benefit in the long run?
Tell me lies, tell me sweet little lies
Trump’s favorite song
That’s not all we got!!!
That's a lie democrats feed people...look it up democrats are calling for higher taxes right now..Trump is cutting taxes for poor middle class and wealthy as is fair
Commies dont understand economics.  Thats why theyre commies.
I love when people say this shit like its better.  Socialism leads to communism.  Don't believe me?  Ask your buddy Karl.
Thats bs! He is lying the tax breaks were for everyone..
Its common sense google your tax bracket online. The numbers dont lie!
Omg!
It's time to shrink the government so none of us need to pay so much to a government that is supposed to be there only to protect our liberties. Taking 20, 30, 40+% of our earnings makes us all less free.
Totally! And also, tell @EmmanuelMacron while he's over here that some of us supported him b/c we thought he was the ALTERNATIVE to Trump, not his BFF.
#TrumpTrain2020
That fucked up tax code pays your salary boss....
Maybe he's not afraid of losing a significant portion of his revenue?
Yet you support the IRS terrorizing Americans living overseas through #FATCA and #CitizenshipBasedTaxation and you are repeatedly too cowardly to engage with us on this issue.
Is Sen Sanders aware that every week, 100+ #Americans are stripped of their citizenship for the ‘crime’ of living overseas? Does he care? Does he ageee with us that every forced #citizide is a tragedy for #America? #FATCA #TaxReform @WaysandMeansGOP @RepRickLarsen @PattyMurray
We keep hearing about accusations of class warfare and, while money shouldn't be the overriding factor in life, corporations and elite 1% have basically weaponized money against those without it taking away our education, health benefits, paying low wages and putting us in jail.
This nation was founded on rebelling against oppressive overtaxation and was once the shining example to the world for democracy and liberty. The #AmericanDream was real not this fake #MAGA movement masking a fascist agenda. Now it's a laughingstock on the world stage.
Why do we continue to let fascists and elitists who don't contribute their fair share erode this country's values and quality of life? When will people say, "Enough is enough."? @BernieSanders & @JusticeDems are our best hope for a true return to realizing American ideals.
Never a truer word spoken BS.
BS is right...bullshit
The GOP and Trump are laughing at us all the way to the bank! #TaxScamBill #ImpeachmentNow
While I agree that he needs impeached, if we do that before there’s a strong enough case (as in evidence and witness and the like) against the entire group, we’ll be stuck with pence.... and he’s actually competent. It’s be from the frying pan to the fire.
Bernie - we are constantly one check away from being homeless... and we ARE THE TYPICAL MIDDLE CLASS. We are in a constant state of financial stress.
You are living above yr means then..
How would you know? You never held down a real job in your life. #TaxationIsTheft #BankFraudBernie
It’s dissapearing in California and moving to Texas. Think about that for a minute

All of the extremely liberal policies of California are driving out the middle class... hmm
And the funny thing is when all the blue states go to total shit and they migrate the vote the same to make the new state shit too, I live in alabama though so it will be a while before we are invaded
I would love to explain how ALL our taxes can be paid at point of sale or wages in an open source BlockChain technology.
@rhondawalton1 
602-603-2297
I'd stake a wager that you've taken advantage of tax law to save money.
Hahahahaha! You’re either extremely misinformed or just plain ignorant!?
Looks like he deleted his tweet and tried to leave us hanging, lol. Guess he realized...
I agree that we must rebuild the disappearing middle class.  Soon.
More than reason for spprt finncl wrkng tgthrWTH Tru CRlgs ClthRps &I in getting a fair tax code for each indvdl & corporations!!! Guaranteed that is fair in EA State as well!!  Especially property tax and eliminate those individuals whom are getting a free ride for not paying
Get them Senator Sanders! No more of this BS!
lol. Bernie sanders is a socialist he wants half of your paycheck for more entitlement programs.
Time to get rid of Citizens United.
I think everyone would agree with 2 points: get the money OUT of Washington and term limits for all. And they aren’t allowed to lobby once out of office. No more career politicians.
You can't rebuild the middle class with taxing corporations to the point they have to outsource to make money either.  Bernie is insane.  His plans only build the lowest class.
Socialism at its finest....
Bernie, the US corporate income tax rate was 35% before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passed. That was one of the highest rates in the developed world and it was driving away businesses and therefore jobs.

We need to keep the tax cuts.

#TaxDay #GOPTaxScam 
No. That means they ceos and investors keep more money and still flee to cheaper labor markets and store their wealth in offshore accounts. Not investing in our own country is a huge mistake.
You have to be joking? You have participated in the destruction of 'middle' America.
No Ronald Reagan did that by destroying unions and his trickle-down economics. It just does not work.  Bernie is spot on.
RR you can not be serious? Huge GDP expansions. Huge gains by middle class. TD is a foolish term the Left came up with to poke fun at real, supply side economics.
What tax breaks are the wealthy getting? Please share
If you can’t figure that out on your own...
Hey FB, look at this CNN tax cut calculator. It isn't just the rich getting more money.
Lets start with you, #payyourfairshare
Whataboutism?
What about it? You keep yapping the same thing over & over again?
"It's all fine! The people I care about got a Tax break, Screw everyone else!"
#SAD #TaxScam 

https://www.redbubble.com/people/bestofbad/collections/618583-political-heroes-andamp-villains?product_type=t-shirt …
You have to work in order to get a tax break.
What the fk you been doing all your life working for government.
You have some kind of nerve. Where were your taxes, you multi-millionaire, sore loser?Biggest sore loser in modern day political history. Lost by millions of votes to a woman and cried like a baby. #NeverBernie #ReasonsForTrump #FuckBernie
In Eisenhower's day the top tax rate was 91%, and yet we had full  employment. Now, we can't even raise the cap to save Social Security,  because since Reagan, the rich don't think they should pay taxes. Why the hell not?!
The rich pay way more than u or I ever will! They have more money and spend more and pay more taxes.  I for one I finally got a cut on my income and happy business is coming back!
Had taxes done today & rec'd a refund. My acct put my same info into system & based on NEXT year's tax plan I will OWE $. I'm a widower working 2 jobs & can't afford to live now. What will happen next year? It scares me.
Since next year you get double the standard deduction. I would get a new accountant.
Thank you, @BernieSanders! It's about time people realize that pay raises and tax cuts are costing them money!

Money they could be spending on my new book!
I love how you pretend that nothing is happening that doesn’t support you. I’m in the middle class and my tax cuts are legendary this year plus what they would be next year if everything is the same is even better. Go away. BTW YOU’RE WEALTHY.
I agree. Make the middle class tax reform permanent and higher class temp. Plus add no tax filling for 75 and older under $100k income. Donor nickel and dime aging people.
It’s time to repeal the income tax all together. Just think- all of the loopholes go away as do the incentives for lobbyists. Win win, Bernie
Totally agree, couldn't have said it better myself.
Trump is gloating about #corruption
Item #1 if the Congress is flipped in Nov
Thanks, Senator. How about bringing back some breaks for small biz? Please continue this fight. #TaxDay
Bernie is going to take half of the money you earn in your small. Business and give it to entitlement programs 
E
I am happy you exist.  I wish there were more like you.  
Tax cuts help working class citizens
Are you afraid that tax code is working good?
Bernie ; Donald Trump at one time paid more taxes in one year than all your lifetime income - that is what is visible not what you've hidden in under the table payoffs. Money is politicians mothers milk whether Capitalist or socialist!
Capitalists love making money Neo Marxist Socialists like extorting money from the capitalists - that is always their M.O. It's all about who & how people actually make/earn money & those who want to have money but hustle & exploit for $$$
Says the guy who pays an effective 13% federal taxes.
You are the same.... 3 houses.  Wow @SenSanders. You are so rich.
How's your new mansion  @BernieSanders
Dang it Bernie. You're over. Most of us are just tired of hearing you go on and on. The middle class isn't disappearing. Checks are bigger and life is better. I'm one of those middle class. I'm yawning right now. Go home Bernie
Bernie, your heart is in the right place but for instance, I am taking $400 more a month thanks to the tax bill.
People complain about the small millions of dollars on welfare but don't acknowledge the trillions on bailouts, bombs, and tax cuts for the already wealthy individuals of this nation.
Small millions?
I just paid a higher rate than you.
Go away, you complete moron
It is rigged. The rich already pay the majority while others pay nothing.  Everyone should be taxed at the same rate.
Which of your mansions are you tweeting this from Lil Stalin?
BERNIE more money in working middle class &MORE JOB'S is rebuilding our middle class your SOCIALIST IDEAS NEVER works that is your MONTRA FREE EVERYTHING for everyone SINCE you rolled over 4 HILLARY &DNC UR NET WORTH is in the $MILLIONS
Here is a better plan: stop complaining about some of the tax cuts and, if you really want to help the middle class, introduce even more tax cuts. Also, reduce spending and work on getting us out of debt.
More benefit to middle class, low income/retirees, & small business, & not so much to Corps, with upper income rolled back to prior rates! Revolution coming from ever growing economic disparity! Dont think that history won't repeat itself... French Revolution! @JohnKasich
You can’t rebuild the middle class if companies start leaving again. You are incapable of learning from our past. Please retire.
Quick math Bernie: How much less revenue comes to US if half the companies leave?   How bout the jobs?  Who pays for your free schooling?
One of these days Bernie will post something positive. He will have to pull his head out of is a$$ first. No action no plan no results Bernie your a total joke

Higher taxes to repair the middle class... Seems legit
You are such a fraud and iconoclast, maybe socialism would suit you better, but remember you hypocrite you have to give the state all of your 5 houses.  You r nothing but a Sunshine Socialist mouthing off about anything you can.  @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson
What’s wrong with being wealthy? Did they steal it from the poor? Stop demonizing the people that carry this country. Stop demonizing people that pay all the taxes!
Love you Bernie !!  Also Dana Carvey does an awesome Bernie.  Great fun.
#TaxationIsTheft
I am the middle class and the tax breaks benefited me and my family. Please don’t take it away!
Thank you, Mr. President for the very welcome tax break!  #I'mwithTrump #Draintheswamp #TaxDay
STOP with the rhetoric. The tax breaks are helping every1 there Bern. Companies are hiring, minority unemployment rates are historically low. By the way, I just read you only paid 13.5% taxes in 2014? WTF? I think it is time for TRUE term limits on Senators that are windbags.
Do you watch anything besides FoxNews? I can’t figure out wher you urge getting your facts from.
Sammy..is that you answer for anything you disagree with or don't know. I do not watch fox, or cnn or msnbc...they are no longer news outlets. They are all "entertainment" opinion shows. The only difference between all of them and Bill Maher show...you can cuss on Bill's show
Release your Burlington property tax records
F that, I want to see Trumps tax records.
I'll take both.
You’re insane old man @SenSanders jk  the tax break is the reason why corporations like Apple, Google, and a bunch of corporations are bringing home  the massive plunders we’ve earned so hard for so many decades thanks @realDonaldTrump @FBI @CIA @CommerceGov @USDOL @USNavy
I think it’s his cabinet that so sucks they think their position is so mighty in fact it’s the power of the people’s
What a ridiculous assertion.
Or you could just lower taxes and let people keep more of their money.

You didn't even know the DNC was rigged against you. You're a fool.  @izonorion71 @KenGalistan @ShaneTHazel @realDonaldTrump
Smart,  take away cuts, take away jobs. Pretty simple. A child could understand.
How it's done is by our bio make up then put into a super computer to find that person using our satellite system nsa handler said they can also rape men women and children using this technology he said
Good way to phrase it. they are dodging taxes.
Liar. ..
Why don’t we shrink the size of our useless wasteful government and give everyone back most of their hard earned money!
I have to disagree with you there Senator, it’s not “disappearing” it’s vanished!
Have the companies train the people. Free, world class college and tax cuts at the same time.
Who the hell votes for you
Hey Bern what are your tax dodges
Comments on the following situation?
This is the confirmation that UK & USA have killed at least millions of innocent people just for oil!

Guess if you and your followers had not demeaned Secretary Clinton we wouldnt need to be having this conversation.
please feel free to campaign on repealing the tax breaks that have resulted in millions of middle class folks seeing bonuses and bigger paychecks...I'm sure that'll work out well for you...
Not a Bernie supporter but I do agree with him on this one.
BERNIE2020
Keep dreaming. Should have been Bernie in 16 before your girl stole it from him.
BOT

Yesterday you cared about those in poverty. A topic you know nothing of. Today is the middle class. Here soon, you’ll be up to rich people. Stick to that area. That’s a class you probably know something about.
Bern, we all understand youre an economic illiterate, but corporations do not & never have paid taxes. they embed & collect them. its just a way for frauds like you to stick it to the consumer while pretending to stick it to those giant evil job providing companies. #hack
Still waiting for #RBT to be implemented instead of the unfair #CBT system that only the US & Eritrea practice. Disability benefits provided by another government where not 1 cent of US tax dollars are passive income subject to US tax? #FACTA has many banks refusing OS Americans.
The rich pay most of the taxes
Yes but they are taxed at a much lower rate. You pay more taxes per dollar than you make than someone who makes more money than you.
Bullshit
Fact, son
Fact my ass.  You obviously have zero understanding of our tax system. There are very few exceptions. You do understand we have a progressive tax system, right?
The “rich” pay most of the taxes
My 1000$ bonus I just received says otherwise.
You only brought home $620 because the Republicans did not cut that tax. The 1% does not benefit from it.
Yeah.... don’t remind me.
Why do you want to take away my tax break? I'm not a large corporation. Why are you so greedy with other people's money?
What? The people in the highest tax brackets pay way less than they're scheduled for. There are so many legal loopholes that allow for this. If you're in the 25%+ and aren't paying less than that, you're either really nice or don't know what you're doing.
If @realDonaldTrump tax cuts get repealed, I pay more and so do a lot of people. AND, not a single @DNC member voted for them crumbs. Dumb move.
Crumbs? Do you not want more than crumbs? Why are you okay with the people who make 1000x what you make, getting more money back than you? The ratio isn't fair or right. You deserve more.
I could care less what other people pay in taxes. I am concerned about own situation and I do believe that people who take the risk and are successful and make a ton of money deserve to keep their money - as long as it is NOT ill-gotten gains. @DNC called it crumbs. #RealMoney2Me
So, you genuinely believe that people born into wealth are working hard to "earn" money? I mean, the wealthiest people in this country had this money passed down to them, but you, common man Joe, worked very hard for what you have and don't think you deserve more? Ok.
You have great ideas, service idea? Start a business and stop limiting yourself to jealousy of others. And yes, someone worked hard for the money and passed it along. One DOES NOT have the right to other people’s money.
I'm not jealous or poor, Mark. I've worked very hard since I was 15. Joined the military, went to college and all that other good stuff in between. I'm just trying to tell you that you deserve more and the wealthiest do not. Some of them eat $10k pizza while you struggle.
Your family came from Europe and are immigrants in this country. If they came to a country that wasn't already settled, than maybe, but that is not the case, so you're a child of immigrants. #FactsMatter
Nope.  My ancestors didn't immigrate the North America, they conquered it.
Nope.
People were already here, therefore you're ancestors were immigrants. They're immigrants because they came from a settled place to another settle place. 
The thing to remember is that you're forefathers ARE NOT from this land.
Also, before you respond with more inane bullshit, can you please learn the difference between "you're" and "your."

Thanks in advance.
Oh, is THAT how you're going to "get me".
Pathetic. I can see why you're the weaker one.
I got you by pointing out how your claims were incorrect.  Everything else is just gravy.
It’s funny to see all the Republican talking points used as attacks. Your Fox News is showing.
2. Healthcare MIST be socialized! Why are we forced to pay almost $600/mo for shitty insurance AND have a $4000 deductible on top of that! I'd almost rather not have insurance. At least then my bills can get paid!

Soon. I have confidence our country will be back on track soon. However, it is shameful Trump was elected in the http://first.place !
#bernie2020
Well, Bernie not all of us can sell out to Hillary Clinton and get a tax free lake house. Maybe you should just shut the hell up?! I was going to vote for you until you sold me out so I went with Trump! 
Join us outside the fixed system! #DNCFraudProtest #Shutthemdown #IamSethRich http://www.dncfraudprotest.com 
Before we can do that, the Dems have to take the House and the Senate..will you stand with Dems and encourage your followers to do so?  #UnitedWeStand...
Sen Sanders,
Thank you for protesting segregation

Thank you for ethical campaign financing

Thank you for a life of morals & standing up for the least of these

I have more respect for you than any politician ever

It'd been non-stop obstruction but you'd have been a great Pres
Bernie  according to the tax brackets you're one of the wealthy you're talking about!
I agree Bernnie... push a 10% Flat Tax!
And you have dodged taxes too
#FakeNews Every word of this tweet is a blatant lie. By the way, you're openly pushing for a tax increase. Good luck with that.
#TAXtheRICH
Seeing lots of extra money on my paychecks... lower middle class. Boom.
The rich corporations are the Artful Dogers at no paying taxes to eliminate the deficit that is in the trillions! The middle class and poor are being made to pay the taxes while the rich dont pay dime!
You’ve obviously never seen a rich persons tax return.
You’re right & facing the arguably the worst & certainly the most corrupt administration in history, the Dems should dominate midterms but you need to unite around key messages! Please get it together! #resist


YOU'RE A DOUCHE!!!
Thank you, kind sir!!
Socialism doesn’t work  Bernie!
You tell Bernie you don't like socialism? Right? Okay. Next time someone's fooling around your house in the middle of the night don't call the police, when your house is on fire don't call the fire department, when you need data and information don't go to the library, ...1of2
Except, we do that with our taxes now under capitalism. Name one political leader you would entrust to distribute the funds equally
They would never take more than their share.
The Communist Senator Over the hill Bernie

You mean the corporations that hire virtually everyone in America? I think it’s a good idea they pay less taxes so they can pay US MORE.
Walmart raised their minimum wage to $11.00 an hour and they employee over 1.4 million people. That’s substantial, to pretend it is not is disingenuous. A lot of people are either getting raises or bonuses from their employer not a fed stimulus package.
So they raised it to the minimum wage we already have in Washington state?
Sure, but can afford it. Studies show that the raise in minimum wage has decreased hours and benefits. Have at it.
Just saying, Wal Mart has no problem here in Washington, that's for sure. They're everywhere, and Washington certainly isn't known for low taxes. Shows that they could pay better wages already
Apparently republicans are cool with paying a higher tax rate than a Corp that makes billions
how about all these politicians with political campaigns and political actin groups who are all tax exempt? You talk about business getting tax exemption, heck politicians get way more. The Stimulus was a tax exemption, most of this green energy garbage is tax exemptions.
Too late @BernieSanders! The middle class is gone. You have to be making over $200,000.00 Annually to be lower middle class in the us today #CliffPotts4Recorder
So, what's your workable tax plan @SenSanders? Presenting a problem should always be accompanied with a solution! I can't believe you no solution lefties!
Americans don't want your socialistic policies!  Period.  Please resign from your job.
To accomplish democracy in our world today . We must start with Reparations for the Transatlantic slavery and colonialism of the Africa.
Wrong!!
Like this corporation?
tax breaks for the wealthy, like you?
So sorry BERNIE WHEN THE DEMS DIDNT FIGHT TO SAVE US AFTER many Americans expressed CONCERNS ABOUT TRUMP tax bill it passed. We just believe in America anymore. America has PROVEN HERSELF TO BE THE MAJORITY RACIST. ALL WE CAN DO NOW IS BARE ARMS.
The middle class is “disappearing” because they’ve been getting richer. Also, which house did you tweet this from?
I like the tax plan. Why don't you lead the way by paying 80% of your income to the government? Then the rest of us will follow your example.
Poor old Bernie he dost no what he speaks
Had your chance swamp gramps
I'm definitely not wealthy so ill pass on that. I like the come extra hundred bucks I got with the new tax laws
Who are you kidding? You want to raise taxes and do nothing for it! 
That’s a weird claim, “do nothing for it “ is meaningless” unless you are speaking about an ice bucket challenge 
What are you a creepy twitter stalker? In other words he wants more taxes for his pocket, pretty typical of Democrats, but your pea brain can’t decipher that!
The Democratic program has proven it’s ability to create a growing economy and progress, Supplyside has been a failure every time we use it, Kremlin propagandist.
You are wrong
Hillary give your balls back yet?
Maybe the Kremlin will return yours  and you won’t have to troll for them
Haha stuck on that bs story?  What are you going to do when you realize you've been lied to?
And vote for Fair Tax Act.  Absolute best solution
Stop Bernie. As long as we have an income tax there will always be rigging of some kind. At least with @realDonaldTrump tax plan he made it work for the people
Hillary’s platform was to raise taxes on the middle class. I’ll take Trump’s tax breaks over Democrat BS
My checks have been bigger, so no complaint here. I guess this must hit you hard, owning 3 houses and all.
But Hey @SenSanders 

It's not like the top 20% pay the lion's share of all income tax?
Two words: breath mint
Shhhhh Bernie....u should have spoke up when Hrc screwed u over in the primary...but U didn't...so keep it shut...
woke: tax is rigged
If it is rigged..you would know...
Funny how when you did get one of Trumps tax returns, he had paid a higher tax rate than you did, Bernie.  Maybe you should bark up another tree.
