Makes about as much sense as Kamala Harris thinking she has a snowball's chance in hell of becoming POTUS after she CHOSE NOT to prosecute Mnuchin (who then threw money at her campaign) - who now sits as US Treasury Secretary.
Personal greed translated to corporate greed
It doesn’t make any sense.  You know who doesn’t defraud and is slowly never seeing any monetary relief?  Hard workin middle America.
Bernie stop twisting the facts to make them fit your narrative.
Please explain how great Wells Fargo is.
Did anyone say great, Bernie saying the tax cuts where aimed at helping out one company is the same crap when have seen from dems, they take a situation and twist it to fit the point they are tryin to make. He didnt talk about tax cuts helping small business, middle class,typical
I work in a small business and tax cuts don’t help us one bit.
You must be doing something wrong
Getting rid of Wells Fargo was what i did right.
With you taxes, not Wells Fargo, stay focused
What was the article about? Wells Fargo, troll.
This is the real reason why.
So DO something about this. You are elected to DO something. So sick of dems doing nothing.
Did Hillary give you permission to say this!
The Secret History of How Banks Assumed Control of the U.S. Economy
Sir I have 1 Q: how is that a bad thing to defraud? Sir.
Don't have to be racist to be a criminal don't have to be a racist to take bribes
It is also rewarding my paycheck and making it fatter, as well almost everyone else's. It will also get me and almost everyone else back more taxes next year. Go home, Bernie. You're drunk #LiberalLogic #AyeAyeAye #Smh #GiveItARest
polls just out, vast majority haven't seen any difference. How much "fatter" is yours? a few crumbs? well, you can expect to spend any extra you get from the cut on increased healthcare costs thx to the mandate repeal&their sabotaging of the health insurance industry(who benefit)
and $40 fatter. Crumbs? Nancy Pelosi must be your idol #LOL #ByeByeNow
40$ a month, year or week? That ain't gonna cover the increase in healthcare costs that the bill is causing, sorry. I actually really dislike everything Pelosi represents, "crumbs" is how a worker described their "raise",another saying the 1$/week might cover CostCo membership...
One more credit card to pay off and I'm out of corporate debt. Only 500 dollars away.
I finally managed to pay off $12k of cc debt, no greater feeling of freedom.
That is amazing.  And yea the freedom is unbelievable.  Verry little stress about money now . Lots of peace .
Senator:  What Wells did was wrong but you fail to mention the Billion Dollar Plus Fine they are being required to pay.    Of course, would have been nice if somebody at Wells got some jail time too.  JM
I hope you run for president in 2020. I feel you are exactly what America needs, especially after the Trump experiment.
OR are you a #BOT
I am not a bot and Bernies plans would not raise the taxes on the working class but instead raise the taxes on the top 1% who are able to survive even if they lose another 15% or so.
What happens when they go out-of-business??!! Where's the money coming from then???? You Socialists NEED to learn the "REAL FACTS" about Socialism!! What are you - about 25 yrs old? ObamaCore indoctrinated too many young people.
I'm 21 yrs old. They won't go out of business, the corporate tax rate during the 1950s was 50% and they didn't go out of business. Obama isn't a socialist if that's what you're inferring.
You were talking about Bernie! YOU have a lot of living & learning to do!! THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA WAS/IS BUILT ON CAPITALISM!!! Obama was & almost succeeded in ruining the USA!! Don't get me started!!
Yes the US is built on capitalism and look at what we have, we have the largest wealth gap. We have so much money yet 1/5 children go hungry, our schools are underfunded, and our healthcare is unaffordable. These are not problems other countries have.
Then, MOVE there!! Take a good, hard look at Venezuela!! 
Who made healthcare unaffordable??! - That would be OBAMA w/ PREMIUMS no one could AFFORD, LIKE ME - HARD-WORKING MIDDLE-CLASS AMERICAN CITIZEN TAXPAYER.
LIKE I SAID BEFORE, YOU have a lot of Living & Learning to Do!!!!
They're also rewarding working Americans by taking less of their hard-earned money. That's something a socialist like you just can't stand.
#FakeNews The majority of middle class Americans also received a tax cut. If you didn't, then you are likely a) not making enough to pay federal income tax or b) living in a high-tax blue state that is no longer subsidized by the federal government.
America is nothing but a joke. You can even get health care unless you’re rich or they deny you.
Don't like it here? There's nothing stopping you from leaving.
No.
Then go fight for your communist dictator
@myrka_38
It makes perfect sense, Bernie.  Promise people you'll drain the swamp, get elected, then bring in more alligators.  YOU NEED TO PROMISE YOU'LL DRAIN THE SWAMP!!! Campaign finance reform must be at the heart of everything you tweet.  FOCUS!
NO!
It doesnt...plain and simple. That is, unless we discover that #Trump owns STOCK in #WellsFargo - but since he refuses to release his tax returns we may never know if each EO that hes signed benefitted him financially
WELL BERNIE,THEY NEEDED THE MONEY TO PAY FOR THE FINES!!!LOL
 the bank that defrauded Americans? Oh, ya mean like how you and your wife and daughter defrauded young university students to the point of have it shut down? Kinda like that?
It doesn’t! We have so much greed and corruption in our country! 
Bern - we might be more inclined to support you if you would author bills for Term Limits in Congress, making all of Congress enroll in Obamacare, and be subject to every other law/regulation that citizens must abide by.  Until then, we can't take you seriously.
Bernie under investigation for Bank Fraud complains about the bank doing the same. No honor among thieves.  Wonder why the FBI has raided Bernies attorneys records? Guess Democrats or Socialists R immune from the FBI. Time for Cleansing is coming soon. This corruption can go on.
Trolls makeup trash. Easy to lie when you don't need any reality.
Didn't you help them with our money to bail out the banks ?
He voted against the bailout for the banks that president Obama gave them. But I believe Sanders voted for the part for automakers.
#Feeltheburn with Jim Rickard s and @Comey @GenMhayden @mmpadellan @washingtonpost @DebraMessing @CREWcrew Lawfirm Attorneys
#Feeltheburn Andrew McGregor and @MaddowBlog Agree
You would win more battles by helping people instead of taking on large companies that have more money than the government.
I got a tax cut as well as anyone who pays taxes. Why do democrats not want Americans to keep more of their $ and see businesses get stronger that hire Americans? The democrat party has become the socialist party. Not the party of JFK who also cut taxes to stimulate the economy.
Yes all tax cuts will benefit the tax payers more and the larger your earnings the larger your tax bill  so richer people will receive more
You never make sense to me.. I'm not crying about it.
Typical Republican cronyism
So make sure the rain does not fall  on the wicked ones
Boo Hiss
It’s Trumps MAGA - he just forgot to say “but only for the ultra rich “
If you recall Obama gave billions of dollars to bail out the banks when he was president
The TRUMP Supporters, the poor , middle class ,they seem don't understand the concept of stock market relate to investment, reinvestment of big cooperation companies & the rich & The TAX cut 2% for the small INCOME and 32%cut  for the big INCOME people explain simpler
We need to stop being surprised & acting like the US presidency isn't mostly just a puppet position. When it comes to foreign policy and money, we live in a dictatorship. Clearly, big banks & globalists are our dictators.
The Trump tax cuts and deregulation has brought back millions of jobs and Trillions of $$$! That is why our economy is BOOMING!  U big dummy
Idiot
They don't pay any fines, WE DO! The executives at WF should go to prison. Fining corporations doesn't do anything.
There is no low that orange face won’t go.

You still have not answered how you Bernie Sanders made all that money on a government job
How about your wife's fraud?
I am a nationalist "mentality/if US companies bring all off shore (fake head offices)tax heavens money back to US /then give them tax cuts"
Jobs """"/hillary's handler's /USA fed /treasury /....
The penalty should have been 10X the gains and a criminal investigation into the executives leading to prison time.
Even the suggested $1B was an absurdly trivial "cost" to write off.
Let the punishment fit the crime and stand as a deterrent that no business executive can ignore.
The brothers Grim strike again.
Because you cant pick and choose who laws affect, tool.
Taxes should not discriminate. Taxes should not say who is good and who is bad or who should pay and who should not. Under the Democrat leadership Senator, the IRS forgot that.  Life is not fair Senator.
Let me guess. The bankers & the Federal Reserve own the country?
GOP at work
Hope the swamp swallows all these dam hipocrits
We gave pallets full of cash to one of the largest state sponsors of terrorism in the world, whose leaders regularly call for the death of America and the wiping of Israel off the map. Did that makes sense?
And the Obama stimulus greatly lined the pockets of Warren Buffett. I guess it helps when a billionaire is allowed to take part in conference calls concerning stimulus so he can help direct funds to companies he's invested in. 
I believe you were completely silent on that.
Yeah we the people who actually pay our taxes will have to cover this so called tax cuts to the wealthy. How on earth does this make sense. Most of us have received our one time measly tax cut. But for the rich it goes on and on. Pathetic sickening disgusting
Corrupt POTUS. Rewards corruption. As himself.
How much did the Congress & Senate defraud us (usa citizens) out of last year Bernie?
Senator, I need your help. It may even be too late. Send me a private email to aliousalam@aol.com. Thanks.
Hey Bernie...You sound/act like you've been smoking Doobies for decades...Come clean & tell us if that's true.
You handing your nomination to @HillaryClinton rewarded her for a career of underhanded dealings, selling our country to the highest bidder and slut shaming her husband @BillClinton victims. 
SHAME ON YOU @SenSanders
Wells Fargo had better share the government's gifts with a co-operative system with its employees and follow the example of companies like Svenska Handelsbanken and Scania with pension systems and a well spread bonus system. Times are changing.
Tax cuts rewarding small businesses that make up OVER HALF the USA economy
Nothing makes sense anymore 
People will probably get tax cuts that don't deserve them. That is not a good reason to not give them to those who do.
I’m not a fan of Wells Fargo but were they not penalized already for their actions? Are you proposing to exceed the law? A $1 billion dollar penalty is never made up its always discounted.
How much taxes will be paid by stockholders who sell stock back? Millions I’m sure how much taxes will investors pay on dividends?
Well if you hadn’t run such a divisive campaign Trump would not be president so there is that.
Bullshit!
Heap the cuts in the crooked or the rich!  Trump is both.
If your upset with Wells Fargo fine you have to blame the Obama admin who did nothing to bad bank, what was drumpf to do exclude WF from tax law? Say you pay under old law?
Something WRONG with this
Draining the Swamp?  Not
The IRS confiscates 2 trillion dollars of the American people’s money while politicians like crazy Bernie Sanders create 20 trillion in debt and he has the audacity to impune tax cuts for all Americans and the integrity of Wells Fargo talk about completely out of touch
“Tax cuts for all Americans unless you make less than 70k a year in which case your taxes will raise over the next eight years”

There I fixed it for you.
And YOU make 170k+ a year, does that make sense??
Remember who elected the bitch...
It doing what it was intended to do, make the rich richer on the backs of the middle class and working class people. Isn’t that what making America great again, oppression and taking from poor to give to the wealthy. Thanks white men and women
Yes even down here I have customers that complain about that bank I tell them to close their accounts
Crooks will be Crooks!!
President Trump and the Republicans are Rewarding Working Americans every week in our paychecks. I’m get $59 more in my Paycheck every week and I love it. This Democrat will be voting Republican this election.
That's a lie. You were never a Democrat. You aren't seeing that increase in pay. Even if you did, you are in an extreme minority of people that were benefited by a tax cut that defends the government while 80% of the benefits go to the richest among us.
One Artist dedicates 5 years of his life to painting 5,500 shelter dogs (The number destroyed every day in U.S. Shelters). His work inspires students and they inspire him! 30 MIN. PBS DOCUMENTARY: http://video.ket.org/video/3007480437/?_ga=2.108226818.1429386259.1513347109-618014216.1398864680 … web:
As an educator, I can claim a whole $250 of deductions for all the things I do in my classroom.  I personally think teachers are the ones that need big tax breaks not big companies and banks.
I completely agree and can’t help but feel sorry for teachers in America. Our Canadian teachers, I believe are ina better situation but like the Americans are not adequately compensated. A greater focus on education will pay for itself in productivity.
Today would be a good day for @realDonaldTrump to release his tax returns.

@POTUS @WhiteHouse @Cabinet
#IWannaBeAMafiaBoss #BigRocketMan #FloppyDiskTrump #NotAPresident
Thank you Trump!
It doesn‘t make sense...
AUS banks financial sector scams being exposed via a Royal Commission & our version of Republicans the @LiberalAus Nationals LNP still want to give them tax cuts??? @abcnews @SkyNewsBreak @NewsHour @smh
Cancel Trump in July invite Bernie Sanders to Britain for a a visit name a Royal baby in his honour.. Let us all see how it could have been.  If only.
@POTUS or #Javanka probably owed them $$$...
Your wife was accused of bank fraud and she also bankrupted a college, while enriching your daughter to the tune of $500,000 a year to teach wood working. And you have the balls to throw stones? God you're a fucking joke.
Maybe next time big banks fail you guys won’t bail them out with our tax dollars...
Your wife defrauded Burlington College and walked away with a cool 200K severance package, while the kids didn’t get tuition refunds. Which of your 3 houses did you tweet this from?
Yet you and your wife had no problems committing fraud.
Trump also gave them a massive fine, much larger than you or Warren managed. The difference is every business benefits from tax cuts. You can’t legislate one business getting a tax cut.
Bernie
Exactly
Cause you Bernie Sanders should approve who and how much  pays taxes. Also you should approve all private business transactions and hiring decisions, pay rates , paid time off 
Right comrade?
It should make perfect sense to you... @hillary_clinton did as much, while robbing you of your candidacy for President.  Didn't you take a pay out for capitulating on that too?
What are the specifics of your plan to deal with the banks again?
$1 billion dollar fine + no criminal charges = government failure
Why does that company still have customers.
Criminal #banks should be disqualified from receiving tax breaks for 20 years. #Sanders2020 #Financial
BERNIE what will happen to FBI DOJ?
What happens Bernie ? You know what's in Strzoks texts
Wow.... I hate them both
Be careful what you wish for!! Strzok TEXTS DANGEROUS PEOPLE WON'T BELIEVE
Do you make $64,580? If not you are BROKE
criminals reward other criminals Bernie, you know that
This entire situation makes me so angry.  Their illegal actions ruined folks credit. This business and it CEO's have committed criminal acts that if a private citizen committed would be in jail. Thank you Bernie for advocacy
I thought you lefties loved Warren Buffet. Hell, Obama couldn't kiss his ass enough. Unless something has changed, Buffet is the owner of Wells Fargo. Mr raise my taxes. What a crock.
Isn't wells Fargo owned by warren buffet?
That’s not right
I agree
OMG! What the heck is Trump thinking? (Or lack there of) Mr. Sanders, I'd vote you into the White House! Help us!
It's corporations first in the United States. Didn't you get the memo?
Wells Fargo as well as the other big banks need to be broke up! Its not just that they are abusive to customers they are also involved in very evil things like causing gentrification, funding pipeline construction like they did with DAPL to supporting and profiting off of war.
Here is how it happens,their customer base  didn’t boycott. Senator why didn’t you lead a national march against the bank? Instead you wasted your time opposing our great president, you protested the second amendment and against the tax cuts that have created jobs/bonuses, unreal


It doesn’t, and I can’t get an answer from @RepByrne why he thinks it’s such a great piece of legislation...
I benefitted bigly. You are Bolshevik
How did you benefit if it hasn’t gone into effect yet?
I guess yo don’t see a weekly paycheck? It’s on line 4, fed withholding. Jackass.
So you’ve resorted to calling me a jackass and then stalking my twitter posts? Ok. My question was simple: these tax cuts haven’t gone into effect so you couldn’t possibly be benefiting from them. Clearly a Trump troll at it again. Block, jackass.
How is lowering taxes a reward? So what is it called when you raise the people’s taxes? Punishment?
Wells is the worst financial institution in the country. Banked there for a decade. They stole money numerous times with fake fees. My current credit union is awesome. Little to no fees, lower load rates, and I get interest/dividend on every account.
#DrainingTheSwamp 
Bank fraud Bernie stole millions.
Gines them more money to loan to homebuyers, small businesses and gun manufacturers you dufus....
I’m middle class and the last thing I do is worry about rich people I’m happy this tax cut has benefited me! We work for what we have we don’t have handouts from mommy or grandpa or whoever stop worrying about the rich shit bag @SenSanders  you’re one of em!!
I thought it quite bizarre WF managed to hang onto their banking license. License can be revoked for simple malpractice, criminal intent does not have to be present for license to be yanked.
And there is boatloads of evidence of - at the very least - blatant malpractice re: WF
Because the democrat administration didn't act against these bankster
How many citizens do you fraudulently spew propaganda to EVERY SINGLE DAY
Boycott this company, I was a moron for working with this company twice. The 2nd time was horrible, as a customer service phone rep they would force us to “sell products” meaning we had to get the customer to open another account, credit card, loan, insurance, or get fired.
The short answer is corperations run America. The same people the decided you weren't going to be president and told you to back Hillary. So dont act like your not part of the problem too.
More lies from Seltza breath Bernie bagel brain.
COVERING BERNIE?
Shut up, Bernie.
Desperate FREE TUITION FREE JOBS FREE HEALTH CARE FREE HOUSING FREE FOOD FREE CAR  REPERATIONS FOR ALL!! LOL
When your sheep find out about this as well as The Clinton Crime Machine!
All the smart people know this happens every day, it’s just capitalism. Just like a certain senator that has three houses. And a wife that conducts bank fraud.  America is home of the hypocritical political ideology. lying, stealing, and money laundering for Sinaloa cartel
BERNIE2020
Your Sheep will soon find out !
You do realize that if anyone cared what you had to say, or your analysis of anything, that you would be President?  Let that sink in.  #MAGA
The only way to stop a bank is to financially cripple the bank which means individuals have to stop inserting their money into banks and leaving their money in the banks so the banks do not profit off any interests BUY GOLD & SILVER COINS and put them in a safe stop using banks!
Lol Bernie THE GREAT AWAKENING! PEOPLE WILL FIND OUT THE ILLUMINATI AKA YOUR FRIENDS OH BERNIE NICE FLAG !
Bernie, is that a good idea to bring up bank fraud? based on reports of what your wife did to some small college I would not bring up bank fraud.
Hahahahah! Nice response bro...!!!
Terrible bs response ...3.7 BILLION and you all deflect on some spouse goofy crap drummed up by big mouth hannity freaks? Wells fargo can go to hell and anyone who disagrees can go right along with them. That last recession was great for all tbose rich thieves, here comes another
Your response is dumber, because how do you think the system got so broken? By people like you letting people like Bernie Sanders slide.. it’s like an avalanche.
Wrong the system broke when clinton allowed banks to dissolve the firewall of shaky loans against federally insured liability. Then the banks started lying about bundles they created from letting people get loans who shouldnt have them. The firewall has just recently killed again
I liked bill but he screwed that up enormously.
Trumptax cuts help ,little leagues baseball soccer and football ball programs, school sports programs and local fund raising.All things funded by local businesses who now have extra $$$.
-The findings brought the number of potentially unauthorized accounts to 3.5 million. A nearly 70, percent increase over the bank’s initial estimate. 
yeah yeah, Affleck, POW’s, Toilet Paper - we’ve heard these cafeteria jokes How many times now? 

Nearly a year after Wells Fargo’s fraudulent account scandal burst into public view, the bank said it had turned up more than a million additional accounts that customers may not have authorized.
For those who don’t know... this Wells Fargo scandal was happening back in 2011. The Obama administration did absolutely nothing. When Trump came into office, Wells Fargo starting paying $110 million back to their consumers who was effected. #maga 1 - Obama 0
A little perspective here. Not one customer lost money as a result of their "defrauding". Some sales execs couldn't meet their sales quota and opened some accounts in their customers names. Most didnt even notice that it happened. GET A GRIP PEOPLE
So their credit rating could have been affected but that’s ok with u? If so can I have your credit card number just to open some fraudulent credit checks?
Bernie liberals have all the issues down pat next thing to do is the put all their efforts in the winning offices winning elections so they can take care of those issues !!!
Not knowing if my government (US) is good or evil (no religious connotations intended) is one of the most frustrating experiences of my life. How do I find out? I welcome all feedback from anyone. Help me know.
These cuts are helping small business as well.  I can't stand Wells Fargo but it's not just large businesses that are benefitting.
Bernie, you should buy stock in that company and donate your gains to the treasury.
How does any policy you put forward make sense? It doesn't.
Funny you mention fraud. How’s YOUR FRAUD CASE going, Bernie?
@SenSanders  where do you expect the money to pay for your social programs to come from? How do you think we should protect our southern border? Why are you treating people who support the president like tattletales ? Don't you want to prosecute criminals .
Sorry , I guess we meant to exempt Well Fargo. Senator- do you not think the $Billions in fines for Wells to be sufficient ? If Fed Gov feels strongly enough,  I bet they could distribute that $ to damaged customers. Where does that $$ go anyway ?
You are an uneducated TRUMPER that is a racist scumbag traitor to the USA!
At this point I kind of have to just blame the @WellsFargo customers who continue to bank with a company that has scammed them several times over the last few years, and gotten away with it. But you know #Murica
How sad you have to dive.
Chase, Bank Of America, and Wells Fargo, are all rip off organizations.

There is no law on the books to punish white collar crime like it should be done in the United States. I estimate the top 10% wealthiest over the decades I have made it this way. They helped Lobby the laws they paid for the politicians. simple as that.
I know Hillary beat you out but you told us to vote for President Trump. He's doing a fabulous job.
Americans are paying their fine for ripping off the American consumers again. We bailed out banks and screwed again
It doesn’t, the same as the rest of his presidency.
I will never ever use Wells Fargo...
Keeping their own money is a "reward"? I pray you never have enough power to implement your tyranny, as I'm sure I wouldn't be allowed such prayers under your dictatorship.
Also rewarding thousands of small corporations with 20 or fewer employees like mine I could use the 14% tax cut thanks President Trump
I want to hear you thank him when you lose the mortgage interest deduction next year. Millionaires get other slams as well. U can always pay off the mort, but then its still lost AND the next recession takes that cash right outta ur pocket as house worth becomes half
Anyone that has accounts with this bank should remove their money and Change banks! Not difficult!
It doesn’t. But Trump and the GOP are repeating the lie and the blind base are not only buying it, they try to defend it.
Sadly yes, In the same way Democrats did with the Obama administration.
No not even close.  Trump is a pathological liar that has the impulse control of a five year old.  Obama was president to all, Trump president to his pandering base.
They both did not carry out their campaign promises. Obama had a chance to and chose not to. There is a pattern of this going back several administrations. That is Fact.
Mitch bragged about how he would obstruct anything Obama sent his way, Dems will obstruct where Trump sends pathetic party over country bs
it doesnt make sense bernie  god bless that this head ass gonna be gone in 2 more yrs
How does it make sense that you got your wife loans for millions for a fake college.  You used those same banks to cry about.  Hypocrite
Isn't this in Mulvaney's purveyor? I'm sure he'll take the matter under advisement.
Um... because they help almost everyone?  Didn’t I just read about a $1B fine levied against WF?  Not enough twitter characters to mention that?
Well, you helped elect the man who brought all this shite upon us. Thanks for splitting the dem vote, bro.
He didn't run in the general election...
if they did that's another reason NOT to trust leftist, that is all on Obama's watch.
They also benefit billionaire Democrats as well, Bernie, e.g. Buffet and Soros: they can cut a check to the Feds.
I’m disgusted with everyone saying well Fargo has nothing to do with them, remember 2008?
And those who say, I got a tax cut! Like screw the rest of us who isn’t... is this America? Equality?
And how did it go on your tax return? Or your deductions?
Please reply. No tax cut here.
New tax cuts take effect NEXT year
But the effect is felt in 2017 also due to changes in their deferred taxes. Read Wells Fargo 2017 annual report to investors and they explain their almost 4 billion tax cut in 2017. Read and learn
Oh no! A bank that started a business to make money did so. Be still my bleeding heart!
By ripping off consumers ?
Not one customer lost any money.  They had accounts opened in their name with $0 balances. Sales excecs trying to meet sales quotas. No harm, no foul
Omg ur serious ? Ethics anyone?
Yes, unethical. So by all means lets take their $4 billion
Gee he must have some kind of interest in WF. Loans???
Draining the swamp was another big lie! He is rewarding those who exploited the people
Agreed. Just like the last POTUS did. See a pattern here?
How r they still in business? No one banks with them unless they absolutely have to.
