No need to watch it's self evident. Well maybe not to everyone.
Just dont feed anyone on a street corner.  You get jailed for that.
Yeah, it's sad that it's seemed illegal to help out homeless people because the government isn't doing it's job.
Can I have Bernie’s email address for media ?
Anything to help the people who built our great country deserve everything one can afford to help.
Why does our gov't give money to the rich, then turn around and try to squeeze more money from the non rich   90% of our population
This is great, but we should all be embarrassed that it was made at all. Why would any decent society not provide meals and a welfare check to vulnerable seniors and disabled people?
There seniors have no money saved up, why?  I feed my own parents well, why should I feed yours too?
I sometimes think y
Our "leadership" are all agreed that the poor should pay for the rich.  That is what corruption has given us.
Which of your 3 houses does Meals on Wheels deliver your meals to. Or all three.
Of course Bernie not homeless has 3 mansion. Gee if he's the poorest Senator in office have to feel sorry for him.
Senator Bernie Sanders wants you to believe he cares about the homeless. But did you know, senator Sanders *isn't even* homeless!?
Not surprised with 3 homes. I didn't hear that FBI stopped investigating his wife yet.
I get meals on wheels and it is a life saver
70 year old here & I don't qualify for meals on wheels because I have a State pension
Despicable! That shouldn't matter,  you deserve it just as much as any other other senior! I just don't understand how they think that your pension is enough to support all that you need to pay, plus food! The government are all fools! With all of their money!!
Unless you have a house
One of those wonderful programs that has always stayed close to my heart and warrants all the support it can get.
Great program! Love volunteering for them!
It's about time you are finally working for a good cause Of course I didn't see anything in the omnibus bill to add money or services for the elderly

New, bright, hot do not miss it!
#beauty #model #celebrity #photo #professional #fashion #style #new #beauty
#יופי #מודל #סלבריטי #צילוםמקצועי #אופנה #בסגנוןחדש 
The problem is that people would donate if they thought the money would reach its goal, but there are to many foundations corrupted by politics and thiefs
I won’t support Bernie anymore.
Remember, “There but for the grace of God go I”.
I have a friend who was getting meals on wheels. And when she had to be hospitalized, they kept delivering and never checked why the meals were piling up!!
I'm glad there are programs to help people. I just wish they were not needed.
Yep we need to take care of our seniors...
Regarding seniors, Bernie should interview the writer Jessica Bruder, who went undercover and lived out of her car to meet and work with some of the nomad workers at Amazon's warehouses.
These are the services I WANT to pay taxes for! I’ve seen first hand, as a Home Health RN the difference this program makes in peoples lives.
Wouldn’t it be a more gracious, kind and caring America if our taxes were spent according to our needs at home...our seniors need these services..my brother benefits from these services. And as much as the food, he appreciates the routine check-in.

we deserve decent healthcare for all   its civilized   this helps
Beefing up the Treasury when it needs money is actually a no brainer.  Go collect from the people who do have money.
I will never understand our government who, when they need money goes to the poorest people in the country to get it.
How pathetic is it that the GOP spends so much on corp. Welfare, then decides to cut back on people already living in poverty.
Yes thank you for trying to protect seniors from a gov't that doesn't like old people...or poor people, or sick people or black people
You’re a moronic mother fucker
That looks like fake news to me. Do you really think Bernie's people would put out that idiotic comment with that goofy picture?  Yes, you would because it's what you want to believe.
Meals on Wheels makes the difference between life & death to many seniors. It is a blessing.
Thanks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!##!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Gaza hospitals declare state of emergency
Doctors are struggling to treat thousands of Palestinians injured by Israeli forces during Friday's protests along the Gaza-Israel border." It is so apathetic that the US has been dead silent on this issue.
Well if the Palestinians stopped attacking Israel and actually sat down and talked to them like Israel has tried to do, this wouldn't happen
A primary purpose of government is to do for the individual what that individual cannot do for him- or herself.  People came together to form civilization in pursuit of a common defense against danger, including the danger of starvation. We the People as One.
Keep fighting for us Bernie
Outstanding on our reservation our elders only get one meal, I hope to provide 3 meals a day to our elders .
Everyone should be looking out for poor seniors!!!  Especially if your a voting Republican!! Your votes can kill people.
Looks like if you simply google "meals on wheels" and the name of the her hometown you can get in touch with a local chapter to get her on a list.
You should be ashamed that you are not looking after her in her old age and expect tbe state should look after her!
I've visited seniors who receive meals on wheels, look at it, then throw it away. It's that bad. Can't tell mush from mush. Nice concept, I'm sure volunteers feel good about it, but blah.
BERNIE2020
NEVER. Bernie.
BERNIE2020
What party? He’s not a Dem.  where are his tax returns, why did he vote AGAINST Russian sanctions, explain his record on voting Down gun restrictions- EVERYTIME
EXACTLY, that’s why I say BERNIE2020. Get educated!!!!!!!!
Meals on wheels 
Are very great!!!!
We're all getting older, and I worry about a future that looks increasingly lonely and isolating. Thank you for helping keep people connected and cared for.
Sadly, given the chance, on Trump's chopping block.
"Can Christianity Survive Trump?"
What the?......
How absurd!
It was only by the hand of God that Christianity survived the 8 years of Obama!
Trump (and his base) has reinforced Christianity in America by nullifying all the damage Obama and the left attempted to do!!!
What's kind of CHRISTIAN are you ? What's your value? We are sick and tired paying TAX for TRUMP Lawyers FEES because of his sleeping around with PORN GIRLS and TAXES invasion whole family is THIEF
Population on food stamps because "money has run out"?
I'd rather watch Hillary campaigning on Meals on Wheels. I would rather see her championing this program while serving in the Senate. Bernie never did. More grandstanding and you are enabling him.

