Why your statement makes absolutely no sense.
No wonder your a Bernie follower.  Look up the facts, then comment.  Nazi's were absolutely socialists, and North Korea is another leaflet of of socialism, called communism.
When the Nazi's (national socialist workers party) took power, they controlled all aspects of government, both economical and social.  When businesses lose control of wages and a say, that isn't say capitalism, it's socialism, akin to the Soviets version of socialism at the time.
as you attack israel at every chance
@MeshugahTazz You mean the government of Israel. Condemnation of government and its actions is not condemnation of an entire people. Bernie is also Jewish.
Don't confuse him with actual facts.

After the war, being typical cowards, the fascists tried to assimilate back into (oppressed) German population, few were successful. Do you know why that is? I'll tell you. Women. Women had seen it all going on but were powerless. After the war they passed names to allied troops.
You might want to mention the same things for the Palestinians ...
He's only one of two senators who has condemned the Palestine slaughter.
The bigger question is why haven't the rest?
Brought to you by the same guy that says we shouldn't intervene in Syrias gassing of their own citizens.... pick a fucking side and stick with it...
Why would al Assad gas his own citizens when he's winning the war. He's smart enough to know that foreign intervention would be the end of him
Im not saying Assad himself ordered it. And unless you are secretly Charlie Sheen your definition of "winning" is.. uh... amusing
@Ehrenpanzer You really don’t know what you’re talking about.
advocating for middle eastern regime change in a post iraqi freedom world is just plain ahistorical
So why are you so concerned with the Palestinian Terrorist Murderers? Shameful
Ok, Mr 15 follower troll. You can't even type out a coherent sentence.
Really? Sanders is a supporter of SAVAGE FALN Unrepentant Puerto Rican Terrorists and is proud of it! See his campaign stop in San Juan (June 2016). In the past few weeks, Sanders showed concern for the Palestinian Terrorists who attacked Israeli soldiers. Shameful
Nice try guy, nobody has the name "Bruce" anymore.
That includes Palestinians too right Bernie?
He has spoken out against Israel's slaughter of Palestine's people.
I know he has. It just feels like they should be on that list too.
This is a HOLOCAUST Memorial Day. Yom HaShoah. No one gets added. I understand what you’re trying to say, but this is a very specific day of remembrance.
Wow I didn’t know that using the term holocaust was now considered cultural oppropriation.
No one said that.  I was pointing out that Yom hashoah is a day of memory specifically for the massacre of 6 million Jewish people. But you can make shit up to be offended by if you want.
You emphasised HOLOCAUST. The soonerpeople of the world stop trying to separate themselves into little groups that  try to morally appropriate disaster, while turning a blind eye to similar events elsewhere, the better the world will be.
Yes, because it is a day of remembrance of the victims of the HOLOCAUST. No one is turning a blind eye to the fact that senseless violence is still happening to other people. No one is appropriating disasters. I was explaining the meaning of Yom HaShoah.
Looking forward seeing you celebrating the survivors of communism. Oh wait...
I'll check from my grandmother who was sent to gulags in Siberia. What would I know...
She didn't hang out with scumbags.
Yeah you don't seem to understand Marxism. Just because you add something positive ie "Democratic" in front of it doesn't cancel out the fundamental axiom.
You are a self hating Jew that hates Israel. How dare you even post this
Your a mensch.
I see Brock has resorted to hiring low information trolls, Mr 6 follower.
I think mensch is actually a compliment
Bernie supporters are morons
Bot farm spittle. Ignore everyone.
What’s a bot farm?
Really, so what is it exactly you are doing to Palestine.?
Please do tell us what you think he IS doing?

He's one of two senators who have spoken out AGAINST the slaughter of the Palestine people.
I’m confused. Thought you were anti-Jews
He's Jewish and you thought he was anti-jewish?
No self-respecting Jew who values his peoples history would hold his political views on Israel.
It is literally verifiable that Poland's prewar Jewish population was over 3 million, higher than your false figure for the entire continent. Those numbers are made up.

HOW ABOUT ISRAELS GENOCIDE OF THE PALESTINIANS. THEY LEARNED NOTHING.
Bernie is the only senator to condemn Israel for that heinous crime. https://splinternews.com/we-asked-every-u-s-senator-about-israel-killing-17-pal-1824291370/amp …
I KNOW, BUT HE COULD MAKE A MUCH STRONGER STATEMENT. ALSO, IT SEEMS THAT THE ZIONISTS LEARNED NOTHING FROM WHAT WAS DONE TO THE JEWS.
Go tell that to all the "real Democrat" senators/representatives.
The Holocaust is a permanent reminder that ordinary people can descend into organized mass butchery. Hatred, National chauvinism, militarism and a cultural landscape of permanent war and conflict fuel the rise of savagery.
Our own country is becoming morally diseased because we have been permanently at war for 17 years. We see the toll in rising mass shootings, a manic and dysfunctional partisan tribalism, the legitimation of economic cruelty and daily expressions of rage and murderous contempt.
17? Try 222 out of 239 years - that's 93% of the time
Our own country is becoming morally diseased because we have been permanently at war for 17 years. We see the toll in rising mass shootings, a manic and dysfunctional partisan tribalism, the legitimation of economic cruelty and daily expressions of rage and murderous contempt.
Thank you from a daughter of a Holocaust survivor!
Always remember!
Let's also remember the #Nakba, which is still going on, presently--along Israel's occupation fence in #Gaza: IDF snipers' turkeyshoot of non-violent protesters.
If we're going to fight against such evils then we need our schools to properly teach kids. As it is now our schools barely cover such evils as the Holocaust to me that is reprehensible. Students need to spend months not days or weeks learning about evils like the Holocaust.
Stop being trite. Get into the real stuff. Talk about HOW racism, affects us now. We don’t need sound bites. We need a path forward.
Watch Sanders recent online townhall "Inequality in America," livestreamed to 1.7 mil ppl, a topic MSM cable and network won't cover. A good portion of the broadcast was devoted to the effects of racism on ppls health and economic well-being.
Thanks.  Good to know.
Did you condemn the actions of the Israeli troops who killed people at a peaceful protest?
Yes he did actually.
Then I like him as much as I did.
hi I was in school 20 years ago and it was 6 million then too. thanks
where did you go to school?
Love ya @SenSanders
Every day WE NATIVES remember that 25 MILLION OF US have been slaughtered & most of the majority culture ignores that. But then, Jews aren't People Of Color, are they. So a big stink is made abt that & OUR ONGOING HOLOCAUST IS IGNORED.
It doesn't have to be a choice between the two things. We can honor and struggle to work on both situations.
My thoughts are with you and with humanity. Thank you, Bernie.

today is holocaust remembrance day. 

Nazi secret police took people of my faith to death camps across eastern Europe. Families were destroyed. a generation of Jews died.…
Why are you trying to shut down FREE SPEECH! #sinclairBroadcastGroup
Another topic and another thread. Move along.
Parking it right here.
The WW2 fascists/monarchist/corpratists were attacking republics. 

How many republicans died?

Spanish Republic
Czech Republic
Polish Republic
Weimar (German) Republic
Chinese Republic
etc...
etc...

recommit ourselves to the fight against anti-republicanism?
Histoty repeats every day. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Third_Rome 
Don't forget all millions killed by communists.
Commie
A constitution that is not required to be upheld in any court...
Yep but unfortunately hatred against Jews in Europe is raising!
Too bad they were disarmed.
What about the 20 million Russians?
We should remember and honor all 11 million victims of Nazi genocide - Jews, Romani, Slavs, leftists, Catholic priests, gays, trade unionists, and others
How about starting with the hateful rhetoric & lies about Trump.  Democrats have repeatedly & consistently called him Hitler when he has children that are practicing Judaism. Not to mention how that name calling minimizes the actual holocaust & atrocities against Jews.  #MAGA
The World Vowed #NeverAgain  Except #Bosna #Rwanda & Now #War in #Syria - for Last 7yrs where #Assad's Regime murdered nearly 1 #Million innocent #Syrian's - ethically cleansed area's & Created 12 million #Refugees - Used #CW multiple Times #WarCrimes #DoumaGasMassacre #Holocaust

Talk to your Israel hating Base, Bernie.
Straw man? Bernie caters to a crowd that hates the country. That hates the Jewish State. Bernie is a Jew if convenience.
I'm Jewish and I hate the Israeli state because they engage in blatant apostasy in their dealings with the strangers who dwell among them.
Who is the stranger you mention?
You are an inexcusable embarrassment to our people.
Who is the stranger?
You would have more supporters if you were better at math !! (0_-) #271000
Muh 6 gorillion
YOUR THE LAST PERSON TO TALK ABOUT THE SHOAH.
I am ashamed that I Voted for you! 
Disgraced as an American and as a Jew
Please also do not forget the 5 million others that were murdered in the Holocaust - tyranny crosses all religions.
This is a show of bigotry and hypocrisy if you say so but don't help the Palestinians and Syrians! In practice, you are supporting an apartheid terrorist state that has violated all international laws.
President of my heart 
6 millllliiiooonnn???!!! R u kidding ?
Remember, Bernie, that Hitler started small, by going after already marginalized groups of people. Kind of like FOSTA/SESTA is going after the already marginalized sex workers of the US. who's next?
My grandfather was a Protestant victim of the Holocaust who died because he refused to indoctrinate his children with hate or fight for the Nazis. Today, I remember him and I hope that I will be as brave in protecting people who are different from me.
Must condemn equally those outrages perpetrated against Jewish congregations in Europe, and against native people, by their co-religionists in #Palestine
Thank you Mr. Sanders - d'accord. 
Never forget. Never again.
You complained about garbage all day, and you're just now getting around to the important stuff?

Worthless
6 million now hey, when I was younger it was told that 2 million were killed and every year it goes up as with the Jewish profanity that goes with it - every race has its genocide why do Jews try and wave their flag the highest?
How about millions of native Americans genocided. Who remembers them.
Will you Disavow Intersectional Feminism and Anti White PC culture just as much as people try to no longer stereotype anyone with a skin shade darker than a light tanning? Because if you don't, your statement has no meaning. Hitler came for the Jews because he was successful in..
and you damn the State of Israel for defending itself EVERY DAY!
Bernie, please STHU.
That’s exactly why liberalism must be eradicated.
Why?
When do we remember the millions murdered and enslaved during the middle passage? When Senator, when?
Go back under the rock you crawled out from, Mr 36 follower troll.
Oh,look, it’s a WWC person.
Fact check: false
Oh no A brown person with a hijab! Gasp!
I don’t care what color she is or what she wears, I care about what she says
Today I guess is the birthday of Adolf, no sorry is the 20th. Anyway but all the chemicals weapons in Siria  are totally fake news.
Are you a jew?
I agree.  I fight against both the right and the left.  Are you fighting the antisemites, racists, and bigots on the left?

Is this why you support GAZA and the West Bank so much?
We All Should...
Save Fruit Seeds and Grow Fruit Trees..!! Everywhere..!! Together collectively and both literally and figuratively..!!
Sellout Bernie I am so happy you did not become president.  You and your wife could not even complete a land deal with Vermont college and you wanted to be president
So when Hamas members on the March of Return chant ‘Kill the Jews’ and ‘Remember Khaybar’, ‘Erase the Fence’ (which btw is the ‘67 border) ‘Drive the Jews from Al Aqsa ‘ etc that’s OK? We should just let them overrun the border and attack Israeli towns nearby?
How many Iraqi did your country murder 4M?? When does Iraq get a special event named after them like 'holocaust'? #hypocrite #hypocriteUSA #SyriaAnotherIraq #HandsOffSyria
Whenever the Holocaust is mentioned, the fact that 10 million Christians, 20 million Russians and 1,900 Catholic priests were murdered, massacred, raped, burned, starved and humiliated should be mentioned as well.
Maybe we should start thinking about the Gazans during Yom HaShoah, they are semites too!
Too bad the new generation didn't  learn much about that sad history. Will there be a day of remembrance for the Palestinians, Iraquis,Lybians, Yemenis,etc,etc pointless wars have massacred? #justsaying
When we should be silence for 1 minute for every jew murdered in WW2 we all would be silence for 11,5 years
That's hilarious. You're clearly embarrassed to be a Jew. Stop pretending otherwise.
Oh my God yes so Sad  God’s People was murdered God help us all we will never see another day like the holocaust !!!!
give your condolences for all the Jews one moment and then tell the American people how great communism is in the next sentence
Let's agree that HATE is an ugly trait that humans seem to posses, and, we should all strive to erase it from ourselves.
Is there any way to fact check these Nazi atrocities..? The current state of affairs should make one wonder abt the history of false flag operations, especially since almost all wars in the last 50 yrs have been based on lies & propaganda.
But yet your apart of a party that brought all of that to our country aren't you. Ohhhh don't forget slavery
Tell that to the 100 million+ kill to steal the land of  the now USA.
Farrakhan
murdered by socialists....just a fun fact :/
Fighting anti semitism while supporting zionism. Thats cool.
For those who say. 'Waa bernie. Talked about equality and Palestinians too'. He also said boycotting the zionist regime isnt something he supports. 

Words are just that. Words. like me, tweeting crap. Means nothing without action.
And today #TerroristIsrael are now the murderers of innocent children.
Its Yom hashoah and yet you support the violence perpetrated by Israel’s enemies? How many sides of your mouth can you talk out of?
And the present Administration in a nutshell.
Hard to believe when you lied about Israel, falsely accusing her of killing 10,000 people in the Gaza war.  When it comes to Jews, they have no right to defend themselves apparently.
No you don't, not when you allowed the genocidal Iranian regime to receive billions of dollars and, sooner than later, nuclear bombs.
Yom HaShoah is a joke for as long as Israel continues doing what it is doing.  It has become all that it professes to hate even as it has its day of remembrance of all that it hates.
And let's not forget the many thousands of Palestinians murdered at the hands of the Israeli state.
Isreal is becoming the next generation Nazis hiding behind their past
And I think you should also protest for the invasion and carnage sionists are making over palestinian.
Godbless them
But I hope you stand up against the violence of Israël against the Palastinians. Snippers kill unarmed Palestinians on their own side of the border. This is not anti-semitism just a friend (you) ask an order friend(Israël) stop with this sh*t
Agreed! And defend BDS!

Dear cyclists, 2 young Palestinians from Gaza had legs amputated because Israel denied travel permits to West Bank hospital after Israeli soldiers shot them during peaceful protests just KMs from #Giro101 route. …
And then you sold out to Hillary.
I thought you liberals and democrats thought the holocaust was a hoax.
It’s a lot more persuasive coming from you, Sen. Sanders.
Thank you we can’t forget especially in the climate today & our leader in the White House & Gingrich & the other anti Semitic officials have certainly fueled the fire of hate.we cannot forget
Remember that the Holocaust was a evil acts by evil people same as the Gaza  act the Syrian act human preying on each other for polical gain
Thomas Jefferson said only human being are the only species that prey on it's self
What about the genocide being committed in Palestine?
Today on Yom HaShoah, had the 6 million been alive they would have resisted the Israeli govt for the way they treat the Palestinians and aptly call it Hitler 2.0, sadly we were not able to save the vuctims of holocaust, lets at least stop the repitation of holocaust 2.0
Lower your chin,
Lower your chin,
Lower your chin, I was starting to get pisst.
Click of Camera background check photo/Drivers license photo, government slime job, polygraph Me
Devil horn installed by Satans minions in Darkness of Spy-VS-Spy
They slimed me.
#GhostBusters
Blessings on the fallen 6 million.
You couldn't even admit U were a Jew when you were running. #LiberalFirstJudaismDoesn'tMatter #Socialist
God, help us.
You mean the same intolerance that you show the current president of the United States? You need to shut up, sellout.
#FeelTheBern #Demexit #Unaffiliated #ReSISTERS
How can you say this and support that chicken have Hillary Clinton??
Bernie must be so proud of his rabidly antisemitic supporters
Let’s honor them and hold them as an example. Genocide of Palestinians must stop...for the love of God!
Good go remember along with the millions of native Americans murdered by Europeans and early American government. Christians were slaughtered at various times through history also. Gypsies, black people, all kinds of people that were different than the majority. Thank you for y
And what about intolerance towards Palestinians ?... crickets.... 

Boycott Divest Sanction
Do you mean against the MORON in chief? I'm all for it!!!
Why is it we in western countries are reminded of this but not the gross massacres you guys have done over the years? Because yall run by Zionists end off
Yes
By living in a country where the History Channel is based. A channel that endlessly airs 'documentaries' that support anti-semetic claims.

That’s America today, thanks to Trump
Let US Recall The 70,000,000 Who Paid With Their Lives For Corrupt Colonialist Corporatism #TheAmericanScream World We Are One
You can’t fight yourself ~bot
Can you ring Netanyahu and ask him to stop shooting Palestinian journalists? Good day for it
Do not do this.
Why?
Because it is antisemitic and antisemitism is Bad.
Thank you Senator!
Unless you are #Newt then you compare the FBI to Nazis.
You self hating jew and communist you make me sick. You are the enemy of Israel and side with the Islamic terrorists any chance you get you Marxist piece of crap.
You remove hate only with love. We must teach our children the past to make sure this never happens again. It will be a constant battle
Remember also the gay people who wore a pink triangle to be identified as homosexual and parished in all the countries occupied by Nazi Germany! 
What about the 11 million others who were murdered alongside the Jews? Can we remember them too, please?
They will always be remembered
I guess that starts with you! Anti-Zionist is Anti-Semitism ! #NeverAgain
..using the same exact tactics today's media, Hate Group Watchdogs like the SPLC, and the likes of certain sects of Antifa and BLM to demonize heterosexual white men who apparently can never be diverse because all white people are the same apparently without deep roots elsewhere.
@KageTempest I respect your passion, and while I don’t disagree with you that today’s media uses propaganda tactics to influence opinions, I feel that your tweets here were both inciteful and a bit in poor taste. This tweet was a reminder of a terrible incident that HAPPENED.
If Senator Sanders Tweet was only a reminder he wouldn't have mentioned Bigotry or Intolerance. Those two keywords is what set me off. It was not my intention to compare to the actual Genocide of the Holocaust but the tactics the Nazi party and Hitler used in the years leading up
By those two Keywords, Senator Sanders was drawing a line and without further explanation, I have no choice but to assume those two keywords applied to everyone that wasn't his brand of of near Communism. I apologize to you for appearing to conflate the Holocaust Not My Intention
I’ll grant that I understand your line of reasoning. However, while he may have been drawing a line, he may also have been, you know, arguing that Bigotry and intolerance, legitimately bad things, shouldn’t be tolerated in any capacity. Which includes whites.
Can we agree to broaden the picture a bit and recommit ourselves to fight against racism of all kinds? #NeverAgain
Dear mr @SenSanders Thank you for your integrity and compassion.
We love you - I wanted you as #POTUS. 
http://time.com/4249209/democratic-debate-bernie-sanders-jewish-faith/ …
Watch @BernieSanders explain why he’s proud to be Jewish.
LOVE YOU - Please take some rest. LOVE YOU @janeosanders 
Thank you for your fight for justice


Also remember the other 6 million - Roma, Poles, Catholics & others - who were killed in Nazi death camps. And do something about the #racist #bigot #xenophobe in the White House destroying the social contract it took 50+ years to create which led to a less racist/bigoted US.
thank you bern. wig
By instituting gun control so no one can oppose a tyrannical government that wants to run every aspect of your lives.
The nazis actually had very little gun control.
This day everyday, we remember the african american slaves that were tortured and killed 12 million arrived, more millions born and how many killed? too many to count https://www.gilderlehrman.org/content/historical-context-facts-about-slave-trade-and-slavery …
What about the genocide currently happening to the allies that fought Isis while you and Obama sat on your hands? While you stole from America ,I Vs and Kurdish Peshmerga,OFF and ypg/ypj fought for humanity
i love u
Intolerance????? What a joke!!! #SayNoToSocialism
لارواحهم السلام
And remember the Nakbah too. Two wrongs don't make a right.
Let’s remember the Palestinians suffering the loss of their land homes and lives under the brutal occupation and colonization. They are Semitic people. Stop selling arms and stop military cooperation with their oppressors. C’mon Bernie
These Bedouin people are genetically closer to biblical Jews than many of The immigrants
Destruction of Bedouin village "reminiscent of the darkest of regimes such as apartheid-era South Africa"
http://bit.ly/2IIr4hS 
Yes, And Hitler Called The Russians Barbarians.

I AGREE. THE FBI RAIDED MY JEWISH LAWYERS OFFICE. IT IS FULL OF ANTI SEMITES

Feel The Bern!
Today on Yom HaShoah, I call out one of the Trump antisemites, @newtgingrich for comparing the legally obtained search warrant for Michael Cohen's off/hm to the experiences of Jews in Nazi Germany!
did you ever look at the senses numbers for Germany in the lat thirty's??? just wondering? I have.
.... and racism
Absolutely.  We must never let it happen again.
I promise not to forget the Holocaust so long as you don't make me memorize Yom HaShoah.  #hoboheretic  Enjoy.

Go kill 6mil Arabs """/but never touch a german """bcoz propoganda doesn't work with Hilter's people """/they will return fire with fire"""
so why did you question about a Christian serving in the Fed Gov????????? remember.  talk about a jerk you are.
Basically open your borders white people. Never forget the 6 gorillion
Old Bernie is a supporter of the baby killing machine, Planned parenthood.
Jews are doing the same thing to news people and kids till them to stop
Never again, please dear God!!
yet you like Islam. Another irony the left loves
There is one Face representing bigotry and intolerance that you can fight. You know who I'm talking about: Trump.
I am intolerant of socialism and communism!
Talk about frauds ... Click
RESPECT

