Work with @Dennis_Kucinich He's going
To be Ohio Govener soon
“You’re saying President Trump is under attack by the deep state  intelligence community?” Hannity later asked. “I believe that,” Kucinich  said.
Prohibition is the problem with marijuana. #Impeach #Trump to #MAGA
How does impeaching Trump solve the prohibition issue?
#Impeach #Trump helps still some (by no means all) the lies tied to Prohibition.
He said he wants to let states decide. Maybe direct your energy at Jeff sessions? He's anti legalize. Also if Trump is impeached, you get Mike pence.
Gross, Bernie, why are you teaming up with that massive sell-out?!
Forget you!
@GavinNewsom & @SenBooker for POTUS & VP!!!
It’s almost like prohibition never works... #guncontrol
Wait , we have to be nice to Cory “ the asshat “ Booker ? This sucks but ok
Interested in sedating the youth of America, Senator? Your ethics card has been revoked.
Legalization disenfranchises dealers. They are the ones who sell to children not stores and dispensaries.
Crime has gone up in Colorado as a result of legalizing marijuana. And Bernie's legalization efforts would only multiply that result nationwide.
"Colorado’s property crime rate fell by 5% between 2012 and 2015, while its violent crime rate rose by 1%" ... You have to consider the population growth as well.
There’s so much going on right now. Somethings going on in Nicaragua now?? Democrats need to unite and get back to common sense government! Wages, Healthcare, Social Security, Compassion, Inclusion, ...
Awww a marijuana snow flake , they are trying to “inclusion “ you . If not enough we will send a trophy as well
I am an Addiction Counselor and mom to a son who became addicted to pain pills following an accident and 23 operations. If addicts or chronic pain patients can use CBD oil and Kratom tea to get off opioids, why penalize them? WE NEED THIS MEDICINE TO FIGHT BIG PHARMA
From one drug to another. Gear!
Also talk about releasing from prison people who are marijuana users and small time sellers and expunging their records. This dang on country was stolen after Europeans and Native Americans smoked a joint
They committed a crime right?
The groups are part of a larger subset. Google the ACE study. We will always have people who find that substances provide the only relief for the angst of life or an addiction. Legalization provides a better alternative.
I can see saliva test, but not urine test. Cannabis should be treated no differently than alcohol.
Ask crook Booker why he takes $$ from big Pharma lobby & votes against cheaper medicine
U should do it with cory from the house not booker
Speaking of which, why don't you work on giving the States their rights back? You do not have constitutional authority and healthcare, education, sanctions or foreign aid.
Yes!!! #Legalize Everywhere!!!!
Bernie of all the problems facing this country you and Booker are worry about weed. 
He is focused on ending a war...
Yeah ok
Something people on both sides can agree on. Maybe you should also work on this with Republicans and the president, instead of being a hater. You might actually get something done for once in your career and life.
You want to make history, this is the way to do it. Get this passed by working with both sides
Trump already said it’s going to be a state’s right to determine...nobody needs the input of the two biggest wackos in government. Next!
Trump says lots of things. Any evidence of Him keeping His promises?
He could of done it already. What is He waiting for then?
Yes. You’re not looking hard enough. Major announcement last week as the war on weed is essentially over.  As far as keeping his promises, if you like what he’s doing or not, he’s delivering on every front. See: denuclearized Korean Peninsula, jobs, ISIS...
So He reclassified it as something other than class 1? Otherwise nothing has happened yet, other than talk. P.s. North Korea still has nukes, unemployment stuck to existing trends. I hope ISIS is really getting hammered and we are pulling out of Syria. Remains to be seen.
Oh my god, what a glass half-full, bummer you are.  Unemployment “trends?” I suppose you’re gonna be thanking obama deep into the 2020’s.  Enjoy yourself 
No not at all but unemployment has been going down for a long time. That is a fact. Obama also gave lip service to letting states regulate pot then his AG raided shops all over California. There is a difference between Saying the right things and doing them. That's my point.
Ok we can agree to just wait and see.
Why just wait for Trump to maybe do the right thing when we can get ball rolling in Congress. More than 1 way to get it done. Maybe that will pressure Trump to act...
I don't see how it hurts to try even though I don't trust Booker at all.

Lovely. A nation full of potheads. Continue the erosion of society....
Bernie trying to stay relevant. Just go away Ypu are such a pathetic grifter. All you are doing is trying to court black voters by pretending to care about  BP. #NeverBernie 
Just take up knitting at your lake house.
Who cares what you and corey booker think. You both are a joke.
Cory Booker? Really? Does this mean he cut ties with big Pharma?
Yup
Love ya Bernie ...but, Booker? 
Not that dynamic of a duo
NO. You both fail to see the issues employers face, not to mention the new studies on accidents related secondarily to THC. You are both incapable of logical thinking! #BernieNeedsToGo #BookerNeedsToGo
Legalization is a leap forward for the perception towards cannabis. Some states are already passing laws against discrimination.
Not true. States have passed laws to decriminalize below 1oz for personal use. Only for medical purposes, under an Accomodation, could it be considered. But States add the term "Reasonable Accomodation" only. Nowhere I've seen has mentioned discrimination.
MARIJUANA CONSUMER EMPLOYMENT PROTECTION BILL
PROPOSED 2018 COLORADO LEGISLATION
Proposed.....

Good luck, it's a currupt, billions of dollars a year bussiness to keep it illegal. Please keep trying, it's a ugly stain on this countries honor that makes no sense at all.
Gee that sounds like the cure to our social woes!  Your other tweets are about helping stop the drug epidemic, right?  Time for you resign.
You must be high.
To for get to tell them how much tax they should pay.
Mistake,,,, but mistake. Colorado??
#GOPWakeUp #TrumpSupporters4 #LegalizeAndTax @GOP  @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @GOPChairwoman @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
No way to justify it being a schedule 1 drug
Both of you are supposedly highly educated. Both of you are highly stupid
with all our oroblems, THATS WHAT YOU'RE FOCUSING ON.? Good, you'll loose AGAIN,?Illegals,Trans gender,keep it up.

You and Booker would make a good pair. Both have big mouths.
Do you want a society drained of energy and prone to stronger drugs? Maybe you do as people will be easier to control as long as you give them what they need.
I feel sorry for all the families battling mind altering drug addiction.  I am so sorry we have Sentors like these two buffoons that would prefer to pander for the weed head voters then be sensitive to the issues your facing with mind altering drugs like Marijuana. #Shameful
We will always have addicts. Legalization provides a better alternative to drugs such as opioids and alcohol.
AsColoradan, I have somewhat unique perspective. I think medical and recreational marijuana sales have been a great boon to Colorado's growing economy. We have proven that marijuana legalization solves more problems than it creates.   Prohibition only fills prisons.
Amen Senators!! I am personally affected by this and was really excited to see you have thought of Expungement for us,the affected. Federal Prohibition doesn’t have a good history in the past. Also, it’s become a tool for income and racial discrimination and needs to end!
I with you Bernie .  I don’t smoke but we spend way to much time and money on something that should be regulated not banned. Although... regulating it will severely reduce the profits of those illegal growers and sellers.
Ugh....Cory Booker...
Thank you for supporting the legalization of cannabis! @BernieSanders #FeeltheBurn #LegalizeIt #Marijuana
Marijuana is so readily available to our youth, it is very concerning. Teens are driving high, my neighborhood smells like pot, some children go to school smelling like pot smoke. I am a school teacher, we are feeling the downside of legal pot, medical problems with lungs
got any evidence of this ? that kids are smoking more pot in states with legalized weed ? show me a news story k
is this account linked to a bot farm ? or troll network ? something is fishy about this.
$GRWG $XXII
I think you and Corey need to lay off the Wacky Weed
Research has shown stronger cannabis now available does have a significant effect on mental health. The argument that alcohol is legal therefoe cannabis should be, is not helpful. Medical opinion says that if alcohol was invented today, it would be illegal. More research needed..
Stronger cannabis means less is needed to get high. The effects will always be the same. Don't fall for the propaganda.
You gonna toke up?
Don't get "cooties" from Booker the big pharma Hooker.
Booker? I thought that was Keegan Michael Key......
Id like to see that but id also like the goverment leaving it to states. Alcohol is proof of why!!
Of all the things to spend time on DURING A DRUG EPIDEMIC, Sanders and Booker want to legalize Mind Altering drugs? Make sense america? Or perhaps JUST pandering for the weed vote. #DeceptiveDishonest
Legalization provides aditics something better to do than drink and use opiods.
@SenSanders Please consider using Twitter live instead of Facebook please. I deleted my Facebook account and so did a couple thousand people that won’t have access to this.
nice team thank  senator ...
Batty Bernie. Let's get everyone dependent. Then they'll all vote for socialist snowflakes.
A drug is a drug. The same people are susceptible to the dependence to any other drug. Check out the ACE study. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adverse_Childhood_Experiences_Study …
Promote then all, druggie
Someone didn't look at the link. Watch The Culture High documentary. It is on Amazon Prime.
Can we talk about ending the Federal Reserve? The SES ? Ya putz !
Great idea Bernie then in 10 years after your gone people will find out that pot is no better for you than cigs. Of course by then you wont care your brain is already mush.
It will have to be more than 20 years. That is the extent of the current research.
Disgusting
Your ignorance is disgusting.
I’d be careful associating with that guy!
Go from fighting opioids yesterday to legalizing marijuana today - can u see why no one takes u folks seriously - brain dead...
Legalization provides opioid abusers something better to do. Cannabis saved my friends life.
Didn't he vote against single payer and allowing the us to negotiate drug prices.
I mean when u say join me and marijuana u pretty much got us sold
You know Obama will be there toking away on some gunga 

Senator Booker drafted that bill last year. Where were you? Oh! Probably chasing a camera. Or on Chris Hayes getting fellated.

Your cult won't like you working with Senator Booker. I await their grumblings about 'Establishment' and 'Big Pharma' with glee.
@CoryBooker please stop taking corporate pac money from the pharmaceutical companies
Tax it, tax it, tax it, the only way we'll  be able to pay for your socialism. A country of pot heads duh!
Welcome to Twitter!
It is not always about the money. Watch The Culture High documentary. It is on Amazon Prime.
Don’t run in 2020
Not Cory Booker!  He's not a progressive and is a total sell-out.  Can't trust him.
What?
BERNIE2020
Reform Congress first and let’s discuss Congressional term limits & campaign finance reform. Or aren’t you interested in cleaning up & reforming Congress? Or are you comfortable with the status quo in Congress? Thoughts? 80% of the American people are not pleased with Congress.
Just a thought. Do more than talk about it.
Is Booker still accepting money from big pharma?
Is Bernie still accepting NRA money?

Maybe you should have the conversation with @ninaturner instead of a corrupt, corporate, fake Democrat.
@CoryBooker please stop taking corporate pac money from the pharmaceutical companies!! @justicedems
Is Booker going to support cheaper prescription drugs? He should also support #Bernie2020.

I'm glad to join you but not Booker.
Reverse that.
@SenSanders
Is this going to be released on your podcast? Many of us deleted our facebooks
This should be one of the platforms that Democrats run on. @DNC
I don’t use FB app, & can’t see it. Perhaps you could simultaneously broadcast it on Periscope for Twitter ppl? Thanks.
Cory booker = 
Bernie ....never met a camera he didn't run to. Sen Booker has been pushing HIS bill for over a year. Don't you have some more oust offices to name?
@CoryBooker Doesn't deserve to be in the same room with an honest speaker like Bernie
It never ends with you clowns.
Fake news.

De-schedule marijuana. Tax it, as Colorado has, Fund necessary health and social programs that so desperately need it. Hell, use it to give teachers a desireable wage!
Please, not Facebook.
If we agreed with YOUR plan We'd allow totally open borders so that cartels could run this country and have a constant steady flow of drugs I guess that's the New DEM PARTY platform for midterms?
What do borders have to do with legal weed?

Legalizing weed so businesses can sell it will take away money and power from the cartels.

Look at Prohibition. We banned alcohol and the Mafia was the strongest it ever was.

There are more people arrested for weed than actual crime.
Count Me Out. I’m Not With You dems. I’m A Proud New York Republican Voter.
It should not matter what party you are with. Before you vote on a topic you know little about, check out The Culture High documentary. It is on Amazon Prime.
Sorry Bernie I can't veiw these any longer since I ditched @facebook
So glad you can talk with Senator Booker on an issue where he's not bought out... ask him about his vote on your drug importation bill and see what he says 
Bernie, Peace! I’ve heard that the original ban on Marijuana had little science behind it. Was primarily an attack on ‘hippie & darkie’ war protesters?!!! If so, Legalize Now!
Hey  Bernie........You really need to get off of facebook!
I love you Bernie but Cory Booker is the scum of the earth. I think I'll give this chat a pass...
Maybe they will chat about their experiences of drunk Hillary 
With Secretary Clinton in Newark. 
#Sad #TryHarder
911::
Hillary Clinton 9/11 NYC 
And #TryHarder harder is what she should have done in a few swing states.. but you know:: hubris 
Did Senator Booker check with his big Pharma donors before going down this path? They are staunchly opposed to legalizing a drug that would hurt their bottom line as people get off pills in favor of herb.
State rights screws #PTSD Veterans ... Legalize #Cannabis federally for #PTSD Veterans to override the stupidity of the states opinions and their bought big Pharma doctors. #LegalizeIt
Not bought. It’s called, how’s Michael Phelps today? It’s called prohibition... ffwdx today... alcoholics ya know??
Only if the states tax it to make up some of their deficits.
wtf jeff
You got trump elected.  This is all on you
Bob
Can you give him a lesson on the hypocrisy of privatizing public schools?
I’ll smoke to that!
I support the de-scheduling of marijuana. It is absolutely unwarranted.
Get out of big pharma and corrupt ex politicians pockets ALL you and your cronies wanna do is corner the market on selling and profiting from the sales of pot IF put in pharma and politicians hands then No one will be able to afford pot again
I don’t understand why people who have no use for marijuana care so much about not allowing those to use marijuana. Needs to be legal already this is beyond stupid
Can’t think of much that I could agree with either of u two....but I’ll make an exception here. Lite ‘em up!
The last bastion the republikans have with their "base'', beside religion, is the illusionary "war on drugs".
Remember, it's one of their nefarious justifications for "the Wall".

You should stream on a platform other than @facebook ....many of us deactivate our accounts
You're bad enough by yourself and much worst with Cory Booker
important reminder: the original ban was funded by Hearst and Du Pont because hemp was poised to disrupt industries they relied on - paper and oil
Also of note: the original Diesel engine was designed to run off of vegetable oil. The first demonstration of the engine was with peanut oil.

There is plenty of modern research that biodiesel could replace petroleum diesel. Hemp grows fast, cheap, and produces a lot of oil
YES!
This is literally the only thing I’ll agree with you on!
What about #MedicareForAll ?
Why would I believe anything that pharma goon Booker has to say?

But your chatter stops short when it comes to sex work, shame on both you #SESTA
Respect you and @TulsiGabbard  and that's it in the Senate @BernieSanders
Neoliberalism is good
How many politicians in Washington are being paid by the drug company lobbyists to keep marijuana from being legalized?
@WaterIsPoison  tio bernie looking out.
Bern those trees!
Yes!!!! @SenSanders @CoryBooker THE TIME IS NOW!!!!
This is the only thing that I agree with you on.  Go bern dog go. Would also love to see the Bern smoke a blunt
Just sent Bernie the same message.
No more pills!! Legalize Ganj and end the #OpiodEpidemic
Some Chronic Pain Patients still need Opioid meds, but in conjunction with Cannabis, this will certainly allow for lower, safer doses.
Hm
#MAGA
But what does Cardi b have to say about it?
and maybe Cory will talk about gay sex. It does seem to be the most important thing on his mind as evidenced by using what little precious time he gets in Senate confirmation hearings to talk about it.
Legalize. Don't corporatize.
Cory Booker 2020 #Booker2020
LOL.. Good luck moron...
Will you also be discussing how you played spoiler for Putin and Trump?


Obama got high
Sessions would have hung him
Please it would save this country
And help the states that have legalized it, there has been a population explosion that the infrastructure can’t keep up with and we are getting overwhelmed
You are insane for thinking this. Do some solid research while you enjoy your booze or brew with a  cig. It's 2018. This is the future.
Ok, fine, but every public space in Maryland and DC stinks of weed now.  It sucks.
Every bar I go into is full of gross overweight people belching and drinking themselves into a stupor. Many leave and go home to abuse their family. I'll take the smell of weed any day.
Cory Booker? 
Cory wrote the bill..... as always, Bernie joins in and claims it
Bernie isnt claiming that it is his bill.

Also, Cory is just pretending to care about all this stuff because he will run for POTUS in 2020, and if he wins the nomination, he will surely lose to Donald Trump
Flint, MI Still Without Clean Water https://youtu.be/KaRISGbibF0  help
This tweet is about the ending of the marijuana prohibition. 

Flint though very important is another matter.
I would, but I trust neither of you. 

Work with @RandPaul on this!!!
You would.
