Can you name ONE thing govt does efficiently?   What makes u think healthcare is any different?   No one on this page can answer basic questions, they just get all emotional and scream about “free stuff”
The cartoon is a pile of subsidies, I am firmly against ALL subsidies. I am against ALL forms of welfare, especially corporate welfare.   That’s MY money being handed out inefficiently,  I’d rather donate to a charity with 90% efficiency, opposed to govts 5% efficiency.
No no no.  The best way to take care of sick people is charity, NOT govt force and coercion.    Govt has been destroying healthcare since the 1950’s.   Subsidies and govt control destroy goods and services. Free markets make sure poor people get what they want.
Riddle me this Batman... WHY is healthcare so expensive?
Can we finally kick Uncle Rich Pennybags to the curb & realize that healthcare is a fundamental right? #SinglePayer
Do not claim a right without citing its source
So what's your source for it NOT being a right? Healthcare = betterment of society & greater freedom for people, so what's YOUR case for limiting that, specifically when the Constitution gives the government the power to levy taxes & we live under a social contract.
Confiscating money from some people in order to provide some other people with healthcare is not a way to create “better freedom.” Freedom means making choices and living with the consequences.
How can you make a choice if you're chronically ill. Please explain to me how one chooses cancer, MS, or basically EVERY other disease. How can someone be "free", if they're sick/dying from treatable illness?
Your problems are not my obligations, unless I choose to make them so.
Yeah, @Kapp4774 this is definitely the same dude.
It’s s function of Obamacare
flowchart explaining why we need #BernieCare #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll and why GOP and corporate Dems and their donor class oppose it ->
that's a pretty lousy flowchart since it does not include those who have good health care plans they feel are affordable, to them.  what that flowchart does  - show that the far left is not concerned about what those people think or want.  we can achieve full care w/out m4all
How?
All the affordable plans are tied together with having a job, right?
you did hear of hybrid plans - public/private plans where those who want public insurance can have it and those who wish to stick with their private/employer based plans can do so?.  a public option that is effective will see a natural progression of ppl moving to it.
i'm just wondering why people are so tied up in m4all that they won't even give hybrid plan an honest revue without the talking points of corporate this and capitalist that.  the reality.  we will end up with a hybrid plan if anything at all.
Healthcare should have no connection to employers for whom it is a superfluous burden. Only opposition to #singlepayer is the insurance industry which has a vested interest in staying between US & our doctors.  Obamcare is Romneycare: GOP compromise to protect Insurance Industry
So where are these hybrid plans?  I personally am open to whatever might work. But this is a new one on me
every western democracy that has full coverage, except france and canada have hybrid plans - that includes all nordic countries that have 100%or near 100% of population covered.  france and canada are the only two with full single payer.
As an American living in Canada since 1975, I find this so sad. I have never had to worry about medical bills - only fixing health issues thanks to Canadian doctors and medical services that have always worked for me!
and yet that does not work for everyone and ppl travel to the u.s. for procedures when the wait time is extremely long in canada, in many instances.  btw, 330 million people being covered is a lot more than 35 million.
lol USA ppl go to Mexico to get healthcare
Yeah, that's my first choice....lol. that's why everyone is rushing to return to Mexico, cause it's such a great country....lmao
I really wish they would leave they are driving up rent prices here in Puerto Morelos
Duh, they go there with American money to buy Mexican whores and drugs, the two things Mexico excels at.  Amazing you didn't put a number to it, I'd guess it's not even close to 11 mil....lol. our criminals go there cause your cops suck......lol
Actually the retirees that live in my community are far from criminals or drug users as are most expats, but keep projecting (btw the USA excels far more at drugs than any other country in the world) Also yeah our cops suck, stop sending us military money
No, we excel at using drugs, get you're facts straight....  ex pats in Mexico are the same as ex pats in every third world country.  They go there because their measly income can let them live like "kings" and treat the natives like sit cause money rules.  Sucks being you.....
Single Payer is the only way to go to get real healthcare.  Take the profit out of healthcare & watch healthcare improve dramatically.  By the way, try http://Healthwarehouse.com  for low cost meds.  Good RX can help, but Healthwarehouse rocks for generic meds. Much love!
Taking the profit out of healthcare will NOT "improve healthcare dramatically".  Profit from healthcare makes it possible for research to be done for new procedures/medications/equipment.  Without the profit, what would be the point in developing these? Kindness? cont...
Oh yes it will Van....check out the other countries that have done this...their health outcomes are drastically better.....money driven stuff makes folks crazy, not happy.  Think and follow the goodness within you.
what about pple with private/employee health ins. that meets the mandates and they want to keep?  do they not have a say?  taking away their voice is a guaranteed death of m4all in the courts.  the public option will cover those without. i wish you listened to ppl beside yourself
It's absolutely sick that in the US you are one major medical away from losing EVERYTHING!! I've had a coworker choose death over 10s of thousands of $ in medical bills after a stroke! True!
I spent an hour in the ER getting an x-ray of my elbow to make sure I hadn't fractured it. Got billed $2000.
the thing is, this is really important, and people are talking about it on the Net and not in person/real life. My FB people are real people I see and know. They are too afraid to speak about it publicly (my opinion).
I don't know if it's true for them, but it's true for me that I feel judged when I admit I would not be able to handle $$ for serious illness. As if it's a personal failure and not a system failure.
I think at a certain income level, people really don't understand how high med costs are going, if they haven't yet gotten sick. At a certain income level the assumption will be that the bills can be paid. But it's just not true anymore
Get a job.  Your health is your responsibility.
True, I remember Jesus just laughing at the poor lepers saying "Not my problem, lmao!"
TBH I wasn't a huge fan of your 2016 campaign (tho I did vote for you in the primary), and you're old as fuck, but I hope you learned from your mistakes and run again because you will win and we'll be better off for it.
lol
@bannerite @BFostersbox  @GodsWordIsFree @rainrainrain77 @SuperckookLarry @adair1946  Yes it's me @MinnieBellW<same>@Willis_Hubbard_  ...  Dear Senator Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders ) ... Is there HELP for me & others, who can't AFFORD MEDICARE PREMIUMS?
#2) @lindammeyrs2001 @Lololupus @funder @ERMA_____ @Eemunchagote @SenWarren @elaineyvette1 @Fun_Investor @frankandjannie @LarryRK04 @LarryWoolfolk @irenedorsey321 @Tillmantinman @JacksonPropGrp "What if WE or our PARENTS, can't AFFORD Medicare PART B?"
#3) Yes WE THE PEOPLE know that SOCIAL SECURITY & MEDICARE are PAID for Via FICA (Tax Deduction from an INDIVIDUAL Pay Check). So when POLITICIANS borrow TRILLIONS of DOLLARS from SOCIAL SECURITY & never pay it back, how do this effect we who need it the most & struggling to PAY?
#4) @MarilynCapps @BarackObama @BarReNaples @NancyPelosi @andrerucker51 @ActDontReact @llstudent08 @alfranken @AlessandroStacy @TeaPainUSA @Trumpgot2go @CHHolte @FreddyRoo2 @LillyCollette @TomthunkitsMind  Why so much TAX MONEY WASTED by our politicians?
#5) @realAliTweets @Ic206Bones @DanteB4u @AARP @AARPCares @JIMMYCARTER @slays_pov @SandySnoble63 @saeeddaniel @kharpy @shannon_sandy @RobertandRosie @HillaryClinton @BilldeBlasio @WhoopiGoldberg @TheView @Chirlane @repjohnlewis @LewisCo86458825 @milesjreed
#6) @cleotiger17 @RBReich @amjoyshow @ReporterPhoenix @13matters @The_Dixon_Cider @TeaPainUSA @AlessandroStacy @RKBs_Twitstery @rcooley123 @chellestrickie @PeterLarsen66 @NBCNightlyNews @belskie @cbrangel @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @CBSThisMorning @CNN
#7) Yes Mitch McConnell's  NET WORTH SOARED as he & many of his GOP PALS are known to always block the INCREASE of minimum-wage for the average AMERICAN to make a living @RobertandRosie @RepKarenBass @RepJoeKennedy @TheEllenShow @repjohnlewis @BilldeBlasio
#8) @POTUS44 @ObamaWhiteHouse @BarackObama ....     "We Are One American Family-     All Deserving of Equal Treatment     All Deserving EQUAL RESPECT,     All Children of GOD.     That's The AMERICA I know."
We must get democrats in office to do it! If Republican legislators don't care about the mass murder of children, why would anyone believe they care about ppl having health insurance.
I’m with you on this one, too, Bernie. No one in this great country should have to beg for money to get health care. We have to get this figured out. Why aren’t we learning from the countries that are doing it better than we are?
Speaking as a veteran who has served abroad in countries who understand that healthcare is a human right, I believe we can and must do better

This is why I founded

http://redberetsmedicareforall.com 

We are connecting the M4A movement.

#SinglePayer

http://healthoverprofit.org/ 
there are only two countries with western democracies that have full single payer.  the rest have public/private hybrids which is what would work best for our country and have a chance to stand a scotus challenge.  m4all will not - with a 5-4 conservative scotus.
Those countries also have price controls, which our AMA & hospital orgs would fight like hell, and strong regulations on insurance companies such that they're practically utilities, which our insurance companies would fight like hell. It's gong to be a gigantic fight either way.
Yes this very true. They will fight like hell. Their profit margin is enormous.  They will not cede power or profit even if it means that 36,000 Americans will die this year alone due to our for profit system

But Canada did it 50 years ago.  So can we.

#SinglePayer 
#YesOn1600
Yes @SenSanders more free stuff for everyone. Not until every last American  and a bunch of illegal immigrants have free health care, free college, free phones, cable service you name it will their be satisfaction. And even then give them more free stuff
It’s paid for equally by everyone for everyone.
Lmao, uh, except Medicare is not a functioning healthcare system either. Oh, and it's tremendously underfunded. Why would we want to exasperate this problem? 

Keep the socialism to yourself please!
Functions better than the "government" can do it. Bonus: it's legal, and you don't have to worry about getting shot in the face for not paying up for healthcare that isn't yours.

I just can’t see the sense in saddling someone with life crippling debt because they were lacking insurance when hit by an uninsured motorist or won the severe illness lottery. 

We learned in business to set people up for success not failure.

We need to apply that to life.
522,000 Washington state residents don’t have any health insurance and many more are underinsured. This is why @WAsinglePayer wants to get #universalhealthcare on the 2018 ballot! We would love to have your endorsement Senator Sanders!!
#YesOn1600
#yes1600
#singlepayer
It's worth noting that the economic viability of Whole Washington's #YesOn1600 plan was established in a #WA state study done by Dr. Gerald Friedman especially for this initiative.
ask bernie what happened with single payer in vermont.  we can achieve full and affordable coverage without taking away people's right to have their own, if they want, and already have it.  i have a feeling 5 conservative scotus' certainly won't think it's right
It all depends on how the program is structured.
referring to scotus?  if so, you do not get it - the only chance m4all had was with a 5-4 D scotus.  that is why mcconnell stole that seat.  busters helped, w/out getting they were cutting off their own feet, to spite hillary.  bernie tried to warn ppl how critical that seat was
what's worse, there are rumblings in republican circles that kennedy may retire this summer. no matter what happens w/trump, a tea party repub will control till 2020.  that person will put in another tea party justice.  kennedy is last mod repub. next chance for the left 15-20ys
the thing is - kennedy wa almost a no on the aca.  even if he sticks around a dem wins the white house and m4all is presented, it won't matter.  he has already been wavering on mandates w/the aca, which is needed for m4all to succeed.  he won't vote for a plan that ends choice
read the most recent decisions on challenges to the aca, & the lead opinions to understand their thinking.  m4all may be a different plan, it still has many of the same issues. as well, the biggest problem is choice.  even w/mandates pbo left choice.  a public option does that, 2
Significant healthcare reform was started and now seemingly is being disabled. What we need is a leader to instigate a real healthcare reform package to take up where the ACA left off. The GOP is succeeding in weakening our cumulative strength. WE MUST ELECT PEOPLE WHO WORK!!
40% of the population is clinically obese! Guess how much money we save if they are healthy n all it takes is putting down the fork n going for a walk. No heart attacks, stroke, diabetes, back problems, knee replacements. 50% of our health care $ go to these people look it up
I BELIEVE IT !
Not that you'll ever get elected, but you do have the low life politician knack for trying to play both sides. If a healthy populace we don't need a govt run (aka incompetent corrupt etc) health care system!
I'm not trying to play both sides there kid. I'm playing my own side with my own opinions. "Healthy populace" now there's a fairy tale idea. That'll only happen when healthcare is equal nationwide where everyone gets the same coverage and everything is fair.
Yeah well your 'kid' reference speaks volumes about how think of yourself and more importantly others for the record I'm 67
I know of someone who lived in Brentwood ---one of the poshest neighborhoods in LA County----took out a GoFundMe to deal with medical bills. 
Brentwood.
And more.
Prof. @Alston_UNSR investigated #USApoverty on an official visit to the US as UN special rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights. Full report: http://ow.ly/sGQy30hfIXp  
Why not?  It's socialism at its best.  Voluntary!
As usual Socialist Sanders sees more government as the solution. Baaaaaaaaa.
How's it working out for you with LESS Government control?
Medicine is poison
Enough talk.  Get it done Bernie! 
Even if it were passed, more would probably be doing that. There will *always* be a gap between how much it costs to administer care and how much is willing to be offered up to cover it. "Medicare for all" won't close that gap, and will likely only open it wider.
Have a friend who has to do this 
His ideals aren't getting smarter, you're going senile.....
#capitalism  out of #USA  #healthcare #SinglePayer now!
I have to order my rescue inhalers from Canada now bcuz my health insurance will no longer pay for them & they're too expensive in US. I guess my insurance prefers $300K hosp bills when I stop breathing.
Stop destroying the democratic party by separating it.Let the young have a chance. Your time came & and http://went.You  are tainted
I really wish you would take a look and see that everyone is covered, better than I am and I have to pay. Wake up
Would it be possible to ask other nations to honor patents?  Wouldn’t it be great if we could steal the structure and not spend 100’s of millions on research? Or maybe pharmaceutical companies should stop researching and just sell old drugs?
Zip it hippie.
We need a multi-pronged attack on making healthcare affordable. The first prong is to lower the costs of treatment. The second prong is federally owned & run  hospitals (along side private ones). The third prong is a baseline of federal funding + private insurance.
Please help me raise money to meet #nickiminaj
This is so sad and pathetic.  This country can, and must do better.
With every passing day, I love Bernie just a bit more.
Yes Medicare  for all, that way you have everybody depending of the government,  then food stamps for all, then rationalize food, then no more elections, then close Fox news  and Ta Tan! WE HAVE CUBA! BERNIE'S WET DREAM!
True image if poeple weren't. concerned about their health and paying for their health.Image what that allow a person to do.
Check the validity of their illness ? People been known to take advantage of other's kindness.
#medicareforall
As a brit u don't get this, my dog has better health care than ordinary Americans.  Its cheaper too
Well, The1% could voluntarily create a fund to help people by setting up clinics that actual charge what medical treatments should cost and sell drugs at prices you can buy them overseas and they would still make a profit.
How?!? Citizens are shouting for it but congress won’t budge!
They are in this situation because of you. Cough up some money for them
Next thing you know Bernie is going to lower wages for doctors and nurses
Such a sad statement about our country. And nothing is being done!
Healthcare & Education should never be for profit!
We had an opportunity to deal with health care when Clinton was in office but it was boo-hoo as it was presented. The US is so afraid of the socialism slippery slope that it has failed to develope into a modern country. Bernie,  you. Have the right idea and we will fight for it.
Thank you for demonstrating that funding through voluntarism is more effective than through force and that real charity works better than government.
First stop this work requirement for Medicaid!This won't cause the "lazy" people that are using it to lose health insurance, it will cause hundreds of thousands of working Americans to prove every month that they are working, which will cost county's millions and make more people
Declare themselves permently unfit for work, which no one wants. It will cost the taxpayers millions and only reduce the amount of people that have access the healthcare. The state will have to hire millions of workers to push paper for one program.
Single payer is the way to go for sure. Now how do we elect ppl that wobt take tons of money from the pharma and medical industry to prevent this?
Those of us already paying for our own healthcare and the healthcare of other families on Obamacare and can barely feed our own families .. don’t like that idea.
I do not believe our country has the funds to handle that drain. What we need to do is collect what’s owed to us. Then, perhaps, we need to eliminate special interests in DC. Then, lower salaries for all public officials.
If you care so much, why are you not donating to these people? Instead of forcing people to pay for an inefficent system, let them help other at their own will. You can't justify coercion/theft because "it'll help the poor"
It'll help you too. Or do you like mingling with people who have untreated communicable illnesses?
I dont believe you can justify theft, coercion, and violence in the name of the "greater good", which is what taxation is. Let citizens donate to private causes at their own will, dont force them to fund programs they dont want to. Utilitarianism is a dangerous philosophy.
So, you're going to support border security firefighters and the Coast Guard with. . charity?
If people want a service they will pay for it voluntarily. That's common sense. It's impossible to justify a system of coercion.
Ah, I get what's up; you're one of those who prides himself an island, whole unto himself. If his neighbor fails to pay for the firefighter, that fire won't ever jump to his house. The sick worker who made his lunch will never infect him.

Good luck with your convictions!
Again, I am fully in support of solidarity and helping ones neighbor, I have always done my best to help my fellow man voluntarily. But I can't ethically justify forcing someone else to do the same, especially considering how inefficient gov programs are. I'm not a utilitarian.
Theft is wrong, coercion through threat of violence is wrong, and no "greater good" will change that. People will voluntarily support programs they believe in, that's supposed to be how democracy works.
@SenSanders People should be planning for their own futures, not depending on a government which is already in debt and a people who are already overtaxed. Socialism leads to societal ruin. Please stop spreading your message.
This is shameful. Really!!! GoFundMe to help people get insured. The only road for functional healthcare system is to get these Not- Doing- Nothings out of Congress.
So many leeches!
we need healthcare now  a doctor, hospital and meds to be paid    get a european  take on it
Capitilism will destroy this country.
NOT ONE PERSON BUT ME has bitched at YOU for folding in Philly & being complicit in ALL THE TREASON the DNC threw at the Bern_Fam & STOLE that 228 MILLION BC THEY never though you had a chance anyway They were RIGHT of course as long as U Never Called Them Out which you didn't FU

But what about the Quebec supreme court case that said single payer is a violation of patient rights, because so many people were waiting and dying. Say no to more government.

Create incentive for more health care workers in USA
Great point!
And...where exactly will that cash come from? I say take it from the foreign aid budget.
50cent donations  I’m majoring in accounting and I am struggling financially (the irony) and Madden was my escape route. I sold my team to fix my truck 
Repeal Obamacare.
I don’t want to pay for someones lung cancer because they decided to dedicate their life to smoking.
It’s sad people don’t save money or make reasonable decisions for the future
it's ironic that here in America, an advanced nation we have this problem, while other countries have a compassionate handle on this.
A good start to helping lower health care premiums would be to make tobacco illegal just like the federal government has made marijuana illegal.  Over $40 billion every year is spent on healthcare related to smoking.  Why are cigarettes still legal when it kills more than guns?
I was wrong....It's over 72 billion.  https://www.berkeley.edu/news/berkeleyan/1998/0916/smoking.html ….  Again, why are cigarettes still legal when it's killing millions and draining resources that could be used to provide healthcare to all?
And here's another fact page directly from the CDC...https://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/data_statistics/fact_sheets/fast_facts/index.htm …
soooooo.....what are politicians doing about this?  They want healthcare for all but aren't willing to do what it takes to make it happen.  All talk and no action.

I would like to see a medicare for all system in the USA, but I think supporting medicare for all and basically open boarders is unsustainable. 

Because it would literally mean medicare for all (the world)
Unsustainable? But  Canada, the UK, and Australia can sustain it? AC, we need to get with the times. We need to care for our citizentry humanely. As for open borders...vest them thoroughly and bid them welcome.
Birdbrain Bernie, can you be this stupid, or was it learned? Ganpap
My bro did... he didn’t get many donations, and now he’s gone. Discharged from the hospital weak from chemo and with sepsis, because he didn’t have insurance....
I support #medicareforall

I’m still paying on my hospital bill from my son getting dx w/Type 1 diabetes last fall. Only a 4 hr stay = 16 months of payments. On top of the prescriptions for insulin & supplies that keep him alive...
And we have “good” insurance!  I would hate to think where we would be without that or if we had an average or skinny plan.
At present, I have no insurance as I'm retired, on a fixed income and not yet 65 and the insurance through my employer is $780.00 per month. I cannot afford that.
Bernie, it’s called Sweden. It’s called France. It’s called Norway. Developing countries like the United States can’t be expected to embrace progressive ideals. Hell, we got a war to win!  Somewhere.
Bravo for truth telling...
I don’t need the government to tell me what to do...the answer to MoaBama care is not more government...
A few facts: all other advanced democracies have socialized medicare; all those countries have lower child mortality rates, higher life expectancy and better public health than the U.S. As Trumpie would say about America: "so much winning"!
Exactly
i would agree but anyone on Medicare  (who can afford to) supplements Medicare with a private plan though because it really blows on its own
Go home Bernie!
For the first time in my life I am starting to think that the United Sates of America is on the brink of a society implosion. The current situation is not sustainable. I am scared for the future of this country.
While I agree with you on this. Mr Sanders I don't hear a peep about you on the condemnation of Israel shooting tank missiles and live ammunition at peaceful protesters. Also there Israelis bombing an airbase that are responsible for getting rid of ISIS. No condemnation Zionist.
How about not denying those on #SSI #disability #Medicaid to go with their #Medicare they had to collect #disability for 2 years to get and being denied #Medicaid during those 2 years because they make too much??? I worked for my retirement that is my #disability right now.
Why will it become regular retirement at 65 when I will be #disabled for the rest of my time on earth? Why is there no check for one month when they make this transition?

Release your taxes,  you have had 2 years.
They were released a long time ago: https://www.politico.com/story/2016/04/bernie-sanders-tax-return-222041 …

The "Bernie release your taxes!" people kinda remind me of the folks who kept demanding Obama's birth certificate.
I AGREE, BERNIE!!
@JeffBezos @WarrenBuffett @BillGates @realDonaldTrump why don't you do something useful with your hoardes of cash and fund all of these immediately!
Who pays for the Medicare bills?
Charity should be taking your sick neighbor soup, not donating $$ to fund their healthcare.
There's a way to get free healthcare in this country.  Be an illegal and have a child!
Charity is the drowning of justice in the craphole of mercy.                                                             Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi
Correct... I need to open one to help with my tax burden to the government...
How’s your bank fraud investigation by the FBI going?
I couldn't agree with you more Sen Sanders. As a 64 yo Disabled Senior Citizen & 3rd generation nurse in my family, I grew up around Dr.'s who said these days were coming &  meds would be costly, due to Pharma Co.'s. U.S. is the last holdout, others switched starting in the 50's!
How many do you personally pay health insurance for Bernie? None?
You don't have healthcare in the US, you have privatised medical provision. They're not the same thing. There's nothing healthy about having to pay thru the nose for treatments.
Berni is right, we have the most inhuman health care system among developed countries, some individuals are so greedy that they suck every penny of people in need, and "our" politicians are so corrupt that they allow it.
america doesnt have a functioning anything.
They do have functioning depleted uranium rounds and functioning propaganda organs though
Why does your son tweet neoconfederate nonsense
Thanks to the $1.5 trillion tax cut and a $1.3 trillion 2-year budget/spending bill.
The CBO now projects $1 trillion DEFICITS will start in 2020, although projection is $981 billion for 2019.

@SenatorEnzi
@ChuckGrassley
@PattyMurray 
@realDonaldTrump
Yeah you can thank Obamacare for that
Here's a list of what me & my daughters meds would cost out of pocket MONTHLY if I didn't have medi-cal...

Lovenox shots-$3,500
Anti seizure- $450
Insulin- $698
Test strips -$200

Plus her $8,000 insulin pump, $2,000 sensor all of our syringes, & I hav 2 other scripts not listed
The pump amd sensor and not monthly! But are out of pocket if need replaced
Meanwhile, though, how many of your millions have you donated to those accounts? Just wondering...
I'm not sure what point you're trying to make here, given Sanders is one of the least wealthy Senators. Trying to pass something like MfA is also a much better idea than trying to fund individuals.
They are full of SHIT
I fully agree with you Sir. Our  healthcare system is broken
Idk about Medicar for all, how about I go to the doctor and the gov’t pays the bill with my tax money and not fund the military with useless jets and bombs.
We keep getting poorer or I skip my meds to pay bills.

I think youre right that we need a public option...I thought it premature to scrap the aca at this point, but there's real risk it could regress...
Hay you scolicest ya you.we have this document it's called the Constuition you want healthcare for all call for s Artical V convention
Hmm yes another government program that doesn't work no thanks
You nitwits in Congress could not pass a good system: farm it out to private industry to find a good system.  We do need a change.
Please do
A Libertarian's wet dream. And the Kochs are grinning. And the richest 5% love that we suckers are forced to fund each other. Doesn't cost them a dime of the money they stole from us.
Some people love that. It's the charity that is supposed to fund a healthcare system under a libertarian doctrine. (I agree with you though)
Obamacare was doomed from inception, much like Medicare for all would be. Keep working on ideas Bernie, you'll get there.
I support this 1,000%!
Millions Bernie?  Social healthcare is not the answer. Getting rid of big government is.
Americans have been all about free shit since 1965. This is just a new way of getting what you haven’t paid for and are not entitled to.
Check how many people from the countries with rigidly vertical single center healthcare are doing exactly the same. Or are your Russia-connected advisors too lazy to translate? We need universal coverage, but not the Soviet style.
Sure Burn, take from me, a hard working middle classes and give it to those not trying as hard.  That’ll motivate me to support any of your nonsense
Yup meanwhile the insurance companies will take money out of their paychecks week in and week out and use terms like “medically necessary” to deny claims for patients. Sorry we pay in. They have to pay out.  Healthcare needs a change!
Regulate insurance Co and doctor hospital waste first or tax payers will get raped even more than they are now. A physician assist actually said that they "have to play the insurance game". 3 xrays b4 I was sent for mri. Mri showed broken bone xrays didnt show.6 wks later!
Illegals too. Let's just pass health care to the whole world. I think they should cut your pay to 20k. Let the rest go to health care for others.
What Bernie you needing donations did you run out Clinton cash already?
...And yet the same country is now spending over $700 BILLION on it's military budget while it's own citizens fear the day they might need to call an ambulance.
Yeah Bernie why don’t you come up with something other than a socialistic view of things
This is what I've been saying for so long .... we should all feel disgraced that families at their most stressed/vulnerable times are left to grovel on crowd funding websites for their lives
Family member required surgery - social worker at hospital suggested a crowd funding page to cover what our private insurance wouldn't (6 figures). Really. That's the hospital's official stance. wtf?
I thought the US was the richest country in the world, so why doesn't it look after its sick people
You do that & the Fed Gov will need to start a go fund me page. In your world where does the money come from? You don't believe people should have to work, you do believe everything should be provided for free. Nothing is free, where does the money come from?
Freeloaders
Free health, dental, vision,.....the works...for all for evermore!
It’s actually pretty much the same thing. Several people with the financial means to do so paid toward the medical costs of others.
You championed Medicare for All. You  were mocked for mentioning it. Now, the majority is aware and wants it enacted. Thank you
Only if we can get around the #CentristDemocrats who continue to use #Goldwater & #McCarthyism Tactics to make people pay more or they DIE, that is a form of #Depopulation these Centrist #Neoliberals are trying to purpose to Feed Citizens United, Wall Street & Insurance Industry.
Senator Sanders is so right- I’ve had to try this and it didn’t work out.
You really want a nonfunctional system, don’t you.

How can this be happening in the richest country in the world?  The teenager who saved lives during the Parkland shooting was seriously injured. He has a GoFundMe account to pay his medical bills. This is WRONG.
We should start a gofundme page to get you a semester learning economics and world history for the first time.
I feel like a massive meteor is on target to hit earth and you are advocating for communal gardening.
Yes I’ve noticed the same thing thank you for recognizing this problem!
#Healthcareforall now we must demand it and enable our economy to grow like never before without the burden of these for profit middle men weighing us down.
Obamacare by design was to get America begging for the even worse single payer.
Bernie 2020
It's truly heartbreaking.
Here this @SenSanders: If we merge all #FDIC banks nationwide on the Internet/@DARPA we can create a mutual fund style savings account and exponentiate gains accrued together making more accounting jobs of investment banking firms in one big #WTO nationalized mini World Bank acct
Lol why dont u give some $
But the taxes! /s
If you want a State-based healthcare plan, then why not eliminate them all and create a single health plan?!  Why have the bureaucracy of multiple health plans/systems...ie: Medicare, Medicaid, BIA, VA, Private Pay, HSA's etc.?
We did a study that found over $2M was Gofundmeed for medical expenses in #ny19 since 2015, and it's why we desperately need #medicareforall. It's why I'm supporting @Clegg4Congress.
Bernie go on YKS
Again I will ask you if your are on the same health plan as the common folk? Absolutely not. You are the ultimate hypocrite
wow,trolling at its best
Thank you, @SenSanders
So working big for what you have is out of the mindset?  You are as ignorant as you are old.  Why don’t you open your pocket book up for everyone’s health care.  You should stick to leading riots and trying tear a country apart instead of talking on shit you have no clue on.
People dying of cancer should be working off their medication? GTFOH.
"Millions upon millions voluntarily give of their own wealth to support those in need." Such a beautiful thing!
Wife find the missing millions yet
How did you become senator?
It is for all who work.
Obamanocare
Give has been in control of healthcare since the 1950’s.   #MedicareForAll will only amplify these problems.  GOVT IS INEFFICIENT
That is sad. Bet trumps fans think its hilarious.
We are one of them
We are all one of them. #FeeltheBern
I'm one of them and I completely agree.  My illness / Dr & er visits, hospital stays and medications have taken everything from me.   Literally.
I’m paying $25,000 year for family of six With a high deductible and high co-pays and 30% hospitalization
What happened to Obama care?
We got issues
This is exactly what they want. The uber-class and USAcorp want welfare... tax cuts and subsidies via our tax dollars while the rest of us are left to wing it and fend for ourselves through charitable donations.
Freedom works better than management from on high. Let people do what they have to do/want to do.
For get it the van gas attacks theay win do a good job killing pepole
Voluntary vs force. Of course a socialist would opt for force.
I maybe mistaken, but isn’t government health care similar to crowdfunding? Hmm... maybe the people do want government health care...
Yeah that's Obamacare and it really sucks. Repeal and replace!!
Why? Healthcare is an individual and community responsibility. I don’t want taxpayer dollars going toward healthcare without conditions!
Healthcare without conditions? How is a poor community where the majority is in poverty going to sponsor healthcare? I have a preexisting condition & would not survive without ACA. Families who go bankrupt fighting cancer, or get surgery, or scripts, NEVER acceptable in the USA!
Free Medicare
This is a great idea. This allows people to FREELY give their money to people in their communities or far away. Our money, our choice. Gosh that phrase sounds SO familiar 
If you want a good look at what Republicans and privatizing healthcare looks like: find out what's been happening in Iowa. I hope it hits hard with all of you who voted with your "feelings" and did not use your heads. The only way you idiots will learn is by "feeling" it.
Truly... is this the country we want to leave to our children?

It's shameful.
Right now it looks like non citizens have the best health care
I wonder why it is that people see donating to a GoFundMe campaign for needed medical treatment as charitable and noble, yet balk at the idea of chipping in through taxes to fund care for everyone? That's both charitable and practical, as everyone includes them. 
Just make sure Hillary doesn't steal your money.
Yes , we must!
