Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP, and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations, Japan, who has hit us hard on trade for years!
American workers should not be forced into a race to the bottom. They should not have to compete against manufacturing workers in Vietnam who make as little as 72 cents an hour.
Trade is a good thing, but it must be fair. Instead of rejoining the TPP, we must fundamentally rewrite our failed trade policies in order to raise living standards for American workers and workers throughout the world.
Already have, my step dad lost his job when they packed up and went to Mexico and why! CHINA SENDS US THEIR CRAP, LITERALLY, THEY FEED THEIR FARM RAISED FISH HUMAN SH#T! MEAN WHILE, OUR FARMERS ARE SENDIND THEM WHOLESOME GRAINS, AWSOME, THANKS FOR CARING ABOUT OUR HEALTH, 
@Krahn113 @Jennife70573159 @RobertHolzer @nccoachie @vanderslute @nighthowler12 @DSchurman68 @DeclanTamn @PeterTobias8 @Cannovis @RaidDigital @Earlgraybob @Chndlrr @leftygrove @doh_adil @DBooyaw @TillmanMason2 @josmalnasit @susanbeall3
Which falls in line perfectly with Trump’s policy. Keep the poor down and help the rich maximize profits. We need to actively resuscitate the middle class to save ourselves from crippling income #inequality. #BasicIncome #SinglePayer #UBI #Education #yang2020
How are we going to compete with the 8 billion people around the world with our 300 million without free trade that provides not only access to sell our technology, banking and agriculture but also to buy raw materials
What you know about negotiating would fit on the head of a pin. Step aside cowardly Grandpa. Adults are in charge now.
Trump is 71 years old as of this Tweet. As an “adult”, he “negotiated” himself into a marriage where some immigrant is banging him for his money, and then cheated on her with a porn star anyway.

If you Trumpers were any dumber, I’d be flushing you out of my garage with bug spray
If you know so much about TPP and tariffs why haven't you fixed it during your LONG career as a politician? You've had ample opportunity being a #CareerPolitician, but you've done pretty much nothing or we would be in the place we are today.
Umm... because all the bills he introduced to congress probably got voted down?
I'm honestly guessing here.
If he has to sell his bills that hard and fails miserably, then maybe he's clueless as to how to do business as a #CareerPolitician? That's what I'd be guessing here.
Another guess I have is that most of his bills were revolutionary ones like decriminalizing all drugs and prohibiting politicians from recieving -donations- bribes from powerful organizations/corporations.
That could be as well. I know he has attempted some things like you stated and met with significant resistence.
Comrade Bernie if you don't know unemployment lower, economy growing faster, less people on food stamps than the 8 years that your communist friends were in charge
As a Marxist you have no idea at all how economics work, as someone who’s never had a real job you have no idea how reality works. You’re a true embarrassment to the hard working people of this country.
Lol. He knows economics. They all know economics. It’s not hard. Where they differ is who wants to be a puppet for their donors (99% of politicians) and who refuses to (Sanders).
Said the mindless child of Marx.
I’m the one who supports someone with policies the entire rest of the developed world has, all of which has less inequality than America. Pretty mainstream I think.
Every other country has universal healthcare. I certainly don’t want anything for free or to make anyone subsidize me. It’s actually much cheaper for everyone and America has some of the worst health outcomes in the world.
The reason we pay so much is solely because we allow insurance and pharm companies to purchase our politicians. You’re not defending capitalism or free market. You’re defending corporate welfare. I don’t like my money being sucked out of me due to corruption.
It's still better than any socialist society you ideologues could think of.
Cause basic shit that most other developed countries have just screams "socialism".  But if you're serious, then are you really saying you'd rather have the TPP than have Bernie's capitalists approach to wealth inequality?
Yes, I am saying TPP (which I'm against) isn't nearly as bad as his Socialist utopia of wealth distribution. 

I don't even know his approach. Hey, how are you gonna get any politician to work with you @SenSanders when you're so easily swayed by people crashing your own rallies?
Cause universal healthcare and tuition free college (you know, stuff that's standard for most developed nation) just screams "socialist utopia"
It is when you have to pay taxes.
are you a bot?
Yes. A bot that pays zir taxes. LOL
Don’t you think it’s time to retire
Please run for President again. We need a real leader who won't drop bombs, especially when there's no evidence. #Bernie2020 #NoWarWithSyria
Lol sure. He’d lose again.
Serious question - how is Trump wrong on this? Under current MOU, we are forced to buy more of theirs than they are required to buy ours i.e it is a model that pretty much guarantees net deficit in trade. What’s wrong with leveling it a bit? How is that bad for American families?
I see...allowing multinational corporations to exploit those in the developing world by paying them substandard wages AND fucking workers here in the states out of jobs = smart. Very compelling argument- you've certainly convinced/converted THIS "idiot"
Where’s charming Obama to push for it when we need him?!?
Your are clueless
Thank you, Bernie!
Tariffs are the true race to the bottom. Protectionism is ad hoc and promote cronyism as the people who enact the tariffs have a lot of power. See UK coal in the early 80s
You don't understand what the TPP is (was), and you are not qualified to make statements on trade policy.
Trump too stupid to know what TPP is all about
Seriously, go to hell Senator...
Bernie you endorsed Hillary who would of signed the TPP. Now make up your mind, this flip flopping isn't good for your base. Is it good or bad?

Pandering for the sake of likes is not a strong leadership position.
And where would Bernie be on this if Hillary won and immediately signed TPP? Bernie you’re a hypocrite.
Yeah we'll see about that
Americans don't even know what the TPP is or how it kills jobs. And by 'Americans' I mean 'me.'
It has consistently been oversold, falsely attributed to constraining China, and its best case produces no significant economic growth. It is a profit protection racket. Nobel prize winner Joseph Stieglitz:
Not only is it a job killer, it is a danger to the sovereignty of every country involved in it.
so why dont you go take a walk over to the White House and have a conversation with him?
Wasn't he in favor of tpp when bama was in?
It's almost as though Trump hears Bernie's footsteps coming at him hard and fast, and someone reminded Trump that TPP was something Bernie opposes, so now Trump thinks he must do an about-face in order to oppose Bernie.
Make no mistake about it: Trump is dead wrong. There is no way to resuscitate the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership without betraying the working families of our country. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/984631073865953280 …
This is when 2 men should come together. They need to agree for the benefit of Americans
Easy. Trump shouldn't do a reverse. It's the only sensible thing he's done since he's taken office, and it was one of his key campaign planks. But I wouldn't bet on him giving Bernie an ear OR not doing a turn-around on this. He's unpredictable.
This never gets old...
You really do have a genius for missing the point. Have you considered resigning your seat and deleting your account?
I didn't vote for racist, bigoted, mysogynistic, con-man Trump, but liked his pro-U.S. worker, anti-TPP stance during the campaign. After he was elected I hoped he would follow through. . . Waffling?  & I don't want a trade war, but some tariffs on China might help U.S. workers.
Batty Bernie, or doom and gloom. Your anti American, everthingPRESIDENT TRUMP does is against your socialist indoctrination. STICK IT
Of COURSE he's wrong! Chump's wrong about EVERYTHING!!
Maybe it has something to do North Korea. You know how fucked up politicians are. Maybe those jobs are on the peace negotiating table.
Plus @Theresa_May's Already Flashing Her Knickers @RealDonaldTrump For Him To Destory & Cherry  Pick Our #NHS In #Uk :/

We Don't Want Donald Trump's Or America Anywhere Our NHS/NHS Services, Thus Making @Jeremy_Hunt @Jacob_Rees_Mogg @BorisJohnson Richer With Dodgy Deals :/ :(
haven't you realized you're all just libtards?
You tell them, Bernie.
Can anyone show me the tweets where Bernie opposed TPP when Obama was pushing for it?

Most progressives I know are firm from day 1 in opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership. They didn't have to think about it a whole lot.
If you dont like it, move to a socialist country
The tpp is bad
it actually could be worse...if President Pee Brain knew what he was doing
you had your chance @SenSanders but u lost to the worst democratic candidate ever...please go away old man
He lost because of election fraud. How about do research.
TPP is nothing to do with a free trade agreement, it is just a free LAW zone  that go beyond the constitutions of each country in the area just to make huge profits to global multinational corporations for their convenience. No people in Asia including Japan want that TPP!!!
So Senstor Sanders, what is your trade plan for America?
Not TPP, NAFTA, CAFTA or Permanent trade status with China. Clear enough?
Make no mistake about it , you are a crazy old man ! Socialism does not work !
Make no mistake about it Bernie Boy the President is a much better business man than you are , that’s why we voted for him and not you !
I respect your view on many items but what experience have you had in international business or creating employment ?
What experience have you had, troll?
Most the countries on tpp aren't communist.if we can negotiate a better deal with them gives more leverage against china which case you havnt heard Bernie is communist.that were you should go .you got a bank full of money you could do well there fit right in.
Check out his bio... 0 followers. 2 tweets
Trump- has made billions making deal throughout his life and career.

Sanders- never been part of a good deal! Wouldnt know one if it hit him in the face.
And liberals were oh-so-sure Hillary would win...and we see what happened there.

Soooo.....
Bernie keep spreading the truth!
Bernie doesn't have a clue about trade policy or how to negotiate a better trade deal fo Americans. He's happy with sending millions of good paying jobs overseas to China.
I voted for you in the primaries in 2016 but your blind hatred towards free trade is making me seriously reconsider doing so again if you run in 2020.
Trade pacts are not free trade.
They establish so far undemocratic courts without oversight, stacked with corporate lawyers. No.

Yea I guess giving away all the jobs is a great way to protect the working families. Go pander somewhere else. Hypocrite!!
There you go again Grandstanding again Face the facts Bernie... your ideas are old, your ideas are BAD. Do yourself a favor and join the #TrumpTrain
Do you enjoy it when trump goes back on his campaign promises? The tpp is bad
Uncle Bernie, he's trying to get us into three potential wars with his idiocy: economic with China, proxy war in Syria with Russia, and civil here. Every thing he touches rots!!!
Hey Bern, our President has probably forgot more about business than you will ever know.
No wonder you get laughed at and walked on when running for President..
Let’s see what happens. So far Bernie has been all mouth while the POTUS keeps achieving the impossible.
Go back to bed, Bernie.

You don't care about the American workers.
Have you ever noticed that trump used the word honor a lot, I do believe he has no honor.
Damn right!
Sanders knows Zero about economic issues
Can you elaborate?
Why should we work...You've promised us free Education, Medical care...etc.
education so you can work.. you want to make a smart ass comment, you need the "smart" first.
Perfect comment, 10/10 would recommend.
This was one of the few things that Trump had right on the campaign trail. I hope he does not flip on the American people now like he has all too many times before. :(
He is wrong about being wrong,  again. The man's ability to re-programme himself is incredible.
Hillary was against it... too... or was she lying...
She was transparently lying
Not that much of a fan of Bernie but what you're bringing up isn't an argument.
Hi Bernie thank you for talking about something worthwhile. This is like subscribing to the National Enquirer or eating McDonald's 3x/day for a month like in Supersize Me. PUKE

Oh oh Bernie woke up !! Take a pill Bernie go to sleep !!!
Are you in favor of the TPP?
Bernie go lay down like you did for the DNC you have no fight left take your new houses and your sports car Hillary paid for and pack it in
STFU. Please. Trump is full of and your portrayal of the agreement has always been misleading. Who is your economic advisor for international trade policy?
You do know Hillary also agreed that the TPP was unfair and must be rewritten.
Which was kind of a turning point in the election, since Obama was pushing for it at the same time.
So was Hillary right, or was she lying, so she could reach out to the rust belt?
you don't know ehat a job is. you was an activist all your life just like Obama
only a fool says things like NEVER in such context.
You should take up knitting, Senator Sanders.
Are you being paid to troll?
I wish.
Any comment, #maga fools?
Looks like Trump has just flipped on his campaign promises. Syria and now TPP. Meanwhile, he is filling the swamp and not draining it. Pompeo and Bolton are swamp rats. He will not win 2020 going this route.
Thank you Senator.
How about telling truth about Syria.
Think about the 1%
Hahahaha!!!
