Hey Bernie. Women already receive equal pay for equal work. You know this. It's illegal to pay women less than men. Stop perpetuating bad statistics and a misunderstanding of economics by talking about the wage "gap"
Actually untrue...
this doesn’t in any form or manner prove your point. do you read your own sources?
Can you point to how it doesn't prove my point rather than providing simple conjectures?
Doesn't take into account experience & length of time in said roles nor does it compare other fields largely dominated by women, nor does it equate time off to raise a family.

It's a fact that equal pay exists, it's illegal for the employer not to.
Lol, if everyone followed the law no matter what we'd live in some weird utopia. Just because it's the law doesn't mean everyone follows it. Either way, show me evidence of your conjectures. Otherwise they're hollow.
They're not conjectures they're irrefutable facts. You asked what was wrong with your article and I pointed them out. You "LOL" in a tweet just demonstrates you're not fit for debate so I strongly suggest you delete your account.
Hmm... I find your comment unconvincing. Maybe I'll delete my account one day, but for now, until you show me a study that proves your point, I'll retain my stance.
They already do.. In fact, women in their 20’s make more than men on average. You are spreading a lie to the American people!
Do you have evidence of this? Either way, because one segment of the population has economic opportunities then we should just ignore the rest? That doesn't make much sense...
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2016/04/12/women-are-out-earning-men … Here is the evidence. What do you mean that men have more economic opportunities? That’s not true — women more often make their own personal decision to stay home or raise families, and that doesn’t mean society is preventing women from economic success
This is literally from your article. Did you read it?

"The average wage gap between American men and women currently hovers around 21%. For some women, notably African Americans and Latinas, this gap is much wider. But for others, it can be nonexistent—or even reversed."
That statistic is based on adding up income of all men and women (of certain groups of course) and averaging. Doesn’t account for things such as men working longer hours, females taking more time off, etc
"Indeed, Hired found that 69% of the time men receive bigger compensation packages than women for the same title at the same company."

Uh, from your article.
The same title has nothing to do with the fact that women take maternity leave and men work longer hours and are therefore compensated for them (sometimes w/ overtime pay). Just bc they have the same title doesn’t mean they do the exact same amount of work
So you simply believe that men work harder than women? That's a bold statement. Have you told your SO your thoughts? I'd be interested in her response to that.

Either way, show me data. I'm always open to changing my mind but I need data.
It's not a radical idea to say that women should stay at home and raise children.
Correct Edgar. This is the opposite of radical in that it is an outdated tradition rooted in religious fundamentalism. Women can do that if they please and they can do whatever the hell they want as well.
Not if we keep letting Muslims in.
What's dumb about it?
Islam isn't a race.
Then why be derogatory about them if you're not a bigot?
Agreed! Just as single fathers should be afforded the same college grants and benefits as a single mother. Why is that NOT the case?
Who is tweeting that for you?
Yes! Some common sense  How is this not already guaranteed by employers across the U.S.?
Cuz it has been? Since the 60's?
Nah fam it isn’t. Read a little bit before you come to those conclusions. https://inequality.stanford.edu/sites/default/files/media/_media/pdf/key_issues/gender_research.pdf …
None of this implies sexism. This merely states that on average, women earn less than men. You can't compare the incomes of the richest men in the country and housewives and expect parity. The differences are due to lifestyle choices, not sexism.
Women earning, on average, less than men is evidence of sexism.
No, it's not. Women actively being paid less for the same job or results would be, but that's not being demonstrated. You preach ignorance here.
The reason we disagree here is because you don't believe women ought to be equal to men. Any statistically significant disparity in outcome between two different groups is morally wrong in the eyes of an egalitarian. W.r.t. gender we call this disparity sexism.
No it's not. That's not how statistics work at all! In a free society there will always be statistical differences between demographics because humans aren't machines. Parity in all things is only achieved through totalitarian social engineering, amd THAT is morally wrong.
In the #military I outranked & made more$ than my husband. My Battalion Commander ws a Black woman. As a civilian I made 2×my #ActiveDuty husb.Whn I was a #recruiter I never saw #GenderPayGap.We paid for qualifications,not gender.I worked for companies 10k-1.2mm ppl. #EqualPayDay
Obviously you're an exception. Not very hard to understand.
You will certainly lead us into an economic disaster and make everyone equally poor under the rule of Gov’. Blessing that you didn’t win Sir. 
Because as long as men make more than women, there’s a fair balance and the economy thrives.  Got it.
Men make more than women for various reasons. Example- Time in the workforce, career choices, hours worked, and studies even show men are more willing to ask for a raise or negotiate. The notion that it’s because of ones gender stands with little evidence.
Luis is just another white, racist guy trying to say it's not because of gender or the color of his skin that he's gotten a leg up. Another Trump supporting idiot on the wrong side of history.
So based on the fact that he has some different opinions from you leads you to assume his race and overall world view? (He's neither white or racist.) Come on man, be the person you can be, and not just a meme.
Exactly! An attitude and mindset that leads to the tension in this country. No room for discussion unless it aligns with MSM.
You are absolutely right. Now give us an example of a woman, with the same  seniority, doing the same job as a man, working the same hours per week, who is actually getting paid less than her male co-worker.  We’ll wait..

The last software programmer I recommended for hire was a brilliant, self-motivated woman. She asked HR for $30k less than what other candidates requested.…
My wife was in a situation like you describe in the mid 1980’s. She got a good attorney and won a lawsuit against her Employer. Such lawsuits are easier won today. File the complaint, then get the attorney. There are 1000’s of Attorneys who would take such cases for no charge.
If women are paid less then wouldn’t companies only hire women? So they can save money
Tell that to the Louisiana legislature. #Backassward
Dept of justice is no more than dept of jokesters JUSTICE IS DEAD
Bernie shouldn't you be worried about the 11 million dollars you and your wife stole from a bank..
What are you talking about. give some real facts. all of them, Thanks
We handled that over a half-century go, Bernie .....try to stay current!!!
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equal_Pay_Act_of_1963 …
You try to stay current.  It’s a bullshit law that is never enforced.  If you were a woman or a POC, you would know that.
You have no idea what you're talking about; read the "impact" section:
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equal_Pay_Act_of_1963 …
Yeah, pretty sure my article trumps yours.  Try and win a lawsuit involving this. Let me know how that goes.
First of all, I think it's hilarious that you think http://lifeofthelaw.org  is a credible source, and secondly that you think a Wikileaks entry is an "article" .....what an idiot!!!
Erm....it was you that provided the wiki article.   
WikiLeaks doesn't write articles, you idiot!  You're literally too stupid to have a conversation with.
Yeah, it's called Western society. Where women graduate with a BA or higher degree 3 to 1 over men. Women make the same to do the same job. The pay gap isn't amongst peers. What more do you want?
Strongly disagree
The last software programmer I recommended for hire was a brilliant, self-motivated woman. She asked HR for $30k less than what other candidates requested.…
She asked for less and that's a societal issue? What? Why didn't she ask for the same as her peers? Sounds like her fault to me.
where the hell you been for the last half century????????
Bernie, you’re right but go away, we need Trump out of office and your part of the reason he’s there
Where is my white picket fence? It’s not a radical idea to say my wife can stay home.
Can? No. Must? Yes
Wake up Bernie...Been the Law of the Land since ‘63. We don’t need new Laws...we need current laws enforced. The Equal Pay Act is a US labor law amending the Fair Labor Standards Act, to abolish wage disparity based on http://sex.It  was signed into law by JFK!
Yeah, and how has that worked out?  #NotAtAll
Women can't do equal work in many jobs So your argument is silly AS USUAL
yea that's why the Equal Pay Act was passed back in 1963
How has that worked out?  Not very well.
It's illegal to not pay the same hourly wage to someone based on gender. Now the salary can look different because that depends on an individual's work schedule.
Well no, because there are laws against that. So what they do is skimp on the most vulnerable populations.
there are already laws against paying women less.
https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/statutes/epa.cfm …  
so either laws are working and we dont need more or theyre not working and more wont change that.
No again. Just as the Constitution constantly needs further interpretation in regards to each unique situation, so do laws like the Equal Pay Act of 1963. It's been a long, long time since then.
no its doesnt.
The Constitution doesn't need interpretation? Why do we have a Supreme Court then?
seriously? how much do you fall down daily?
While I am happy to debate any point with you, I don't do the internet insult slinging contests. If that's your style, you're talking to the wrong person.
Someone once described Bernie's campaign as "The road to hell is paved with good intentions" but he was the only one not actively trying to send us to hell.
Right. At least having good intentions is something that can be said about Bernie. The same can unfortunately not be said about most people in congress.
Having good intentions about imposing socialism doesn’t make it right.
*DEMOCRATIC* socialism. It's just a buzzword. It's not your soviet style socialism you may be thinking of. All he wants is basic stuff that countries like the UK or Canada have such as medicare for all for example. Nothing about that is radical. America is way behind on this.
My service is no one’s right. The purpose of my life is not to serve a government. Pretty up marxism anyway you want. It doesn’t end well. Anywhere. Ever.
Doctors already have to treat people who come to the ER. Is that also marxism? If you believe in just letting people die because they can't afford to pay for private healthcare, if you only see the people you're supposed to help as walking wallets - then you shouldn't be a doctor
There is NO GAP!
Still feelin’ the BERN!
People who believe that women r paid the same r wrong. I was told by my female boss that I was being paid less then a male in a lower position because he had a family to support.  How's that for equal pay & women in power will make all the difference? Oh, & she was a Lib.
It could be company policy for families
It wasn't, but you r saying that there r companies that make it company policy that men get paid more than women or ppl with families get paid more than single people? How would that work, explain.....
Just Have Your Wife Give Back The Money That She Collapsed The College She Broke !!!
Not a new idea either. Vice President to FDR for his first three terms, Henry Wallace spoke of the importance 75 years ago... Why is it so hard to make things better?
Bernie, Bernie, Bernie,...please do not go down the road of Muck Raking against men......respect all for who they are and what each sex has to offer!
Just jumping on whatever people r talkn about to keep yr face out there cause u r to scared to be not known.yr time is done.
Wish you were the president
It just common sense, I can not understand why there is still debate about equal pay for equal work.  All salaries should be public knowledge. Not hush hush!
And people say that the things our president say or crazy. Do they listen to the crap coming out of your mouth every day
Hey Gilbert Godfrey..they already do.
Do some research.
It looks like you put the senile in Senator. It’s been the law for 45 years. What next?  A law outlawing slavery?
Here Bernie read this. Women make less, not because of discrimination but because of the term this paper calls “temporal flexibility”. Why dont you read it Senator before perpetuating LIES. Here senator:
Gender @ express experienced exploitation
Equal pay for equal work... but who is going to force women to work in the same fields at the same rate as men and vice versa? You get paid for the career YOU CHOOSE.
Well said
Yes, equal pay for the same job and the same opportunities from the start. More women on the top will make the the world a safer place.
I hope you are getting equal pay 
You are doing an excellent job

They did not in the Obama WH, Hillary State, or the Clinton Library.
But it's not "for equal work" , only a disingenuous, self-serving politician would make such an idiotic statement
So True! Thanks Mr. Sanders! 
#equalRightsAmendment Do it Bernie! #ERANow
They designate a specific day for a narrative that's an absolute lie? I mean, nobody expects a liberal to ever be capable of honesty, but to designate a specific day for a lie?  Super.
Why do you keep peddling this misleading statistic despite knowing it is fully wrong? Take a stand for the truth.
Does a female senator make the same as a male senator ? Does a female police officer make the same as a male ?
Basing pay scale on an employee’s past salary is only good for the employer. It’s not a fair way to determine salary.
You should run for office in 2020 we all want to to be president!!!
It’s humorous to me that @SenSanders needs to state that his ideas, “[are not] radical.” It’s as if people think HE IS radical... 
I wish you were in the White House and not Trump! Thank you for continuing to fight @SenSanders! Women deserve to have equal pay!!!!!
Catch up Bernie, it's 21st century.
It's pretty radical for the #ChildMolesterParty.
but they are paid equal you retard
Do you have a job Bernie? Does your voters know you stay on your phone tweeting instead of working ?
Read the bio, tweets by staff.
Thanks soo much for that news flash !!!
I guess it’s not a “radical” idea. It’s been around for fifty years and progress is meting made every day. Poor guy is stuck in the past trying to be relevant.
1963 is a United States labor law amending theFair Labor Standards Act, aimed at abolishingwage disparity based on sex (see Gender paygap). It was signed into law on June 10, 1963, by John F. Kennedy as part of his New Frontier Program.

Show me actual examples of unequal pay.

It's also not a radical idea to say that if a woman wants a high paying job/career she should go to school for something thats going to lead to a high paying job/career
So 99 men making 10 cents and women 8 cents divide almost $18 among them, while a single 1%er pockets 82% of every $100: $82.00.

The 1% grabbed 82% of all wealth
http://money.cnn.com/2018/01/21/news/economy/davos-oxfam-inequality-wealth/index.html …

“Hey women, look at this penny, instead of the $82 we each take & keep!”-1%

#inequality
#EqualPayDay They already do.. stop lying to stupid people for votes 
It's also not a radical idea that families should be forced into having both parents work, meaning that young children must be placed in the care of strangers.  NOT GOOD FOR SOCIETY
You are so right !!
Who said it was a radical idea? I'm pretty sure everyone agrees with this statement.
Socialist talks about equal pay, equal work and first of all equal opportunity. 

Ain't life grand.
Want to catch this handler just track his signal that he is using to torture me he says he is nsa and law enforcement but he is using satellite so he has got to be with some agency should be easy to track him thru me he is causing me health problems this guy has hurt and killed
Mr Sanders why won't you talk about the victims of mind control I been talking to a handler that admits to doing this it was senators that stopped mkultra or did they in 1977 why ignore this they are doing it without consent I have doctors and lawyers looking out for me if you
It is literally been a law since the 60's to NOT pay someone equal pay for race, creed, color, gender
It was also established back in the 60s and never abolished. #letsstopcomplainingaboutsolvedissues
It was not established in the 60s. Equality de jure is not the same as equality de facto.
If that was the case, then corporations would hire only women.
Offer and demand don’t need dictators regulating how much you have to pay for something. And women are skilled enough to not need a big daddy goverment with these distortions that have always generated unemployment, poverty and hunger around the world.
Yes we are but we are consistently paid less, particularly in male-dominated fields like tech. And if you’re a woman of color, it’s much worse. So maybe listen instead of talk re: this issue.
If you are being paid less, it’s your fault.  Go work somewhere where a smart businessman pays you what you deserve.   If you keep telling that it’s because you are a women, it’s your fault, be more “like a man” and ask for a raise with the threat of quitting.
Or...you could stfu about things you don’t know or understand instead of mansplaining the issue
They do. End of story. You know damn well that isn’t what the movement is seeking it’s seeking for secretaries to be paid more than neurosurgeons.
Why not ?
Eine weitere „Märchen Stunde“ , der roten Almachtsfantasien Zeigen Sie mir mal einen Arbeitsvertrag in dem das „Geschlecht“ eine Rolle spielt Das ist die absolute Härte, diese „Spalter“ von der Sharia Partei 
Wish we in Pakistan can have someone like you to raise voice for the downtrodden and weak sections of society!May your tribe increase!
You can have him in Pakistan, he is useless in America!!!

How you were defeated by an oopa loopa and Hilary is beyond me. You deserved the white house, Bernie. You were robbed. :'(
Cuz he wasn't. Clinton rigged the primary, as has been proven. Were it Sanders v Trump he'd have a 10-20 point victory.
How is it even a question anymore? The problem is not calling out nonsense as nonsense. Giving it serious debate is giving it power. It's the law. Follow the law.
Well, they have to do equal work and value.
Right, but who’s going to enforce it? Not the Trump administration or our conservative hypocrites in Congress.
That’s why a clean sweep is needed and what out Revolution intends. This isn’t expected to be a Republican thing. We are not that naive to think they will do it on the right
Yes, we know all that.....but think of all the profits we could make?
Equal work warrants equal pay. A dilemma of societal norms still hangs over this though, key in point - a society that presses more financial demands on the man.
That's already a law, A federal law, the Equal Pay Act (EPA), requires employers to pay men  and women equally for doing the same work -- equal pay for equal work.  The Equal Pay Act was passed in 1963.
I don't understand how the federal government is supposed to regulate equal pay...
Unless every company reports every pay rate for every individual, and then LETS that federal agency tell them what to pay every single person...
Communist much?
#EqualPayDay
Iceland does it. We can do it via a amendment to the constitution and expand the better business bureau to deal with those who are not following federal guidelines. It’s not hard
#EqualPayDay 
I can be a model and get paid top dollar... according to liberals.

I will be voting Liberal just so I could be a super model. Imagine a world where working hard doesnt matter... is old man Sanders nuts?
Imagine being one of the people replying to this and trying to argue that the statement is wrong somehow. Incredible.
Fire this intern
Its not radical & i do support Equal Pay for everyone. But  you need to be careful when you're talking about Equal Pay, especially the Wage Gap. You need to be factual about it & realize there is more to pay discrepancies then just Sexism
Everyone should get equal pay for equal work! Why segment the population in a way that states otherwise? Oh, and, everyone should be subject to the laws passed by Congress. Even those who pass them which many times Congress exempts themselves. Talk about a conflict of interest
yes, but I thought that Aisian women are paid more than white, and white are paid more than black, and EVERYONE is paid more than Hispanic, odd. We really need to bust that glass ceiling.
…https://peoplesworldandlittleleasons.blogspot.in/?m=1 
it's also not a radical idea to say women should put in more hours.
They already do. Idiot.
You are a disappointment
Say it with me equal pay for equal work. Not equal pay for the same job.
Unless you just woke up from the 18th century everyone has equal rights and the same opportunities unless you are just living such a good life no one can relate to how good life can be.
West Chester PA. Police reports the only crime that happens in our town is, Stragulation.
It's a radical fantasy to suggest this isn't already reality. Women in their 2020s average higher pay than men.
Bernie uses fuzzy math and poorly researched studies to make this claim. Good research shows career choice is the major cause of pay gaps.

Shown below is Bernie Sanders headed to a meeting of the East Coast Socialist Club:
You’re right Bernie! And the fact that we’re still even discussing this in the 21st-century is absolutely ridiculous. There’s no excuse for inequality of any kind anymore. #EqualPay #EqualRights
Go back to eating your oatmeal
So there are TWO genders only when fighting for “ equal pay” however any other time there is like 17 genders? #MAGA
No it's not it's something for you guys to cry about and try to make a argue about I don't know where in the hell you live in America but I know plenty of women who make more money than I do in the same profession you're just a stupid old man and need to retire
The wage gap is a lie made up by the Chinese Bernie come on.
It might be a radical idea if it were only true.
Not radical at all, but the good old boys club just won’t do it!
Senator, childless women in their 20's typically out-earn their male counterparts.  And no one cares, because this is due to the employment choices people make.  Predictably, more women tend to prefer close parenthood over career later in life. It's human nature, not injustice.
Yes but only if it is the same level and quality of work. If better they should get more. If equal then the same considering the other factors such as skills, education, experience and tenure. Lots to consider.
How about getting the constitution amended once and for all.  Why are you not pushing for ratification?
Where are they not??
Except they get paid more and get to do whatever they want with no repercussions.. get a real job for once
Woman statistically work less. Also you don’t have a job so don’t fight for something you don’t have knowledge about. My step mom makes well more than my dad.
Excecpt it's been a law since the 60s?
Bernie 2020!! #Hindsight2020
Hearing your socialist rantings is an injustice on my ears.  You didn't provide enough support to @HillaryClinton in her pursuit of the presidency, so clearly you are sexist
its so not radical that it has been the law of the land for 50 years.
Women do get equal pay for equal work. Stop lying.
A radical idea is the idea that childish liberals actually believe that somebody would pay a woman that brings more profit to a company less than a man that brought in less. There is no business motive to pay those worth more less.
My mom was seamstress. Her job went overseas. That you were good with
That is the truth.
We have to change the world.
Change until everybody feels happy.
Hey dummy!  Gender based pay discrimination is already against the law!  The so called “gender pay gap” has been roundly debunked.
I wish that you d have been elected and be President  Mr Bernie
It's not a radical idea to say that the government should not be involved with wage leveling in the private sector.
They don't do equal work in tennis though.
You’re really off track here
Why? They get equal pay.
You’re not getting the point
I'm just agreeing with @SenSanders. Equal work should get equal pay.
I want to be angry today lol
Id like to see more women on the trash truck in the AM. All i ever see are males emptying the trash. Ive never had a female plumber either. Its sad.
I have a radical idea grow some balls & fight for the people you establishment stooge
What does he do that isn’t fighting for the people you hack
I will never understand, what is the argument to why women don’t deserve the same at least?? Everyone needs an equal opportunity to support themselves and their families!
Childless women in their 20's typically out-earn men.  Men tend to choose more dangerous work.  Men tend to enter highly lucrative fields like engineering.  Men tend to take greater risks which means greater payoffs and greater pitfalls. These differences exist due to choices.
Let’s rotate each senate seat between men and women to have equal representation to all.
Don’t forget it’s against the law to discriminate against women based on sex. So why not go after them. Should be easy. I expect you want the issue to stay alive.
In certain fields, there is a gap. In others there is not. Female interests and proclivities are usually the most significant factors driving down mean incomes for women. Also more time off due to pregnancies, child-rearing. Most of the gap is attributable to non-nefarious causes
Anyone who actually believes in the wage gap at this point is delibrately ignorant.
You have never been supportive of women. @HillaryClinton
I would love one day to check in with you and see you’ve said something new, looks like you’ve got say four things and just post them to let people know your still kicking
On my desk today as I substitute for  $85 a day. While my husband makes this. He learned a trade, I went And got a bachelor's.... Equal education.
It’s not a radical idea to abolish prison labor with a Constitutional Amendment and initiate a litany of nation-wide prison reform programs.  It’s not radical to legalize drugs, like Portugal, and like that nation, achieve the lowest drug abuse rates in the entire western world.
Wait, I thought it was siblings day?
We're multitasking today
Shhhhh you old white man
Bernie just go away. You are a fraud.
Dude just retire
Did you vote for fosta/sesta?? If you did you should reconsider.
Go away time has passed
It's not a radical idea to just tell the truth and not extrapolate false conclusions from data #EqualPayDay

NO such thing as equal work
U wouldn’t know that as in government every1 equally inept
Did u all run an EQUAL campaign
is that the way they do it in Russia.
Women get paid exactly what men would be paid for doing the same amount of work and have the same economic opportunities. They have since 1963.
A guy who hid his tax returns from the public—just like Donald Trump—when he ran for the highest office in the country doesn’t get to preach to us about economics. Women know they’re treated unfairly in this economy & culture—mostly by white entitled men like you. #GoAwayAlready
This is HRC LINE !!! Stop it !!! Poor version of DONALD TRUMP !!!
Pt 2: It’s not a radical idea to rid America of the two party duopoly, but many establishment democrats and republicans disagree.
It’s not radical to use the power of government to ensure healthcare, education and housing to our citizens, but republicans disagree.  It’s not radical to guarantee free and fair elections, but Congress put that on the back burner.
It’s not radical to assume that the people who run the State do not care about you.
They already have that.
Equal pay for equal work is the key phrase. Not more pay for less work.
Good thing women already have equal pay.
SENATOR IF PRESIDENT PUTIN WAS THE ONE WHO ATTACKED OUR ELECTION; IT WAS BY ORDER OF THE RUSSIAN ORTHODOX CHURCH!
The wage gap is simply the average earnings of men and women working full time. It does not count for different job positions, hours worked or different jobs. It has nothing to do with the same job. It has nothing to do with discrimination.
Why should a woman make more money than me if I do less work? Highly unfair!
We got equal pay as public school educators based on a teachers’ contract. BUT...there were some (male and female)who were less productive and took sick days to go skiing. Equal base pay plus merit pay might be a better approach for teachers.
Please provide some evidence that women don't get equal pay for the same work, and that they don't have opportunity.
This is why I love you
The women I worked next to in the fire department got paid the same as I did. The women I now work with the refinery get paid the same as I do.
It’s not a radical idea! #unions do it all the time. #EqualPay EVERYDAY when you work for a union @IronStache @AFLCIO @USDOL @smartunionworks @smartlocal28 @UCOMMBlog @labor_strong
@ScottWalker repealed #equalpay in Wisconsin. #fail

Not radical. That's why it's the law already.



justice is getting what you deserve, not what you think you deserve. how about we, cut your salary to the national women's average for equality sake? instead of raising wages, for inflation's sake.
It would only be fair if it happened to all men.
It’s not a reality when all things are considered, that they are not getting paid equally. Your reaching for State interference into wages, more than what it is already.
Knock it off Bernie your #classwarfare rhetoric is getting old!
Equal pay for equal WORK
Still on about that mythical crap?
I’ve had friends and family members (men of course) who denounce the income gap is even a real thing. Those who come from populations who oppress, who might not oppress themselves with that specific behavior, have a really hard time seeing the reality of other’s experiences.
Can you point me to statistics demonstrating the pay  gap that control for stay at home mothers, education, and skill level of course?
You're wrong comrade-The pay gap isn't real
I know socialists are bad at math but you're not a socialist.
You're a "Democratic socialist"
I have a more nuance approach this argument which is the reason for the pay gap is women being in government/education related jobs. So if we say pay our teachers and government employees more like the strikes have been asking for boom gap closes.
They already make above the median wage income in most cases.
To pay them more means more taxes from the people
No they don't if they did then they would make 25000 as half their wages but they don't. One of the teachers said their wages with 2 masters degrees had a salary where half of her wages is less than 21000. Do you want teachers or not? Do you want to kids to have good teachers?
There is costs that are not avoidable. Just like any other job if you want good people who stay around you have to pay properly. Also the adverage teacher wage is 42k a year national which is below the average which means there can be a lot dragging it down.
Teacher work for the government overall and the government gets it's money from the people so they would have to pay more in taxes to pay teacher more.
Equal Rights Amendment has been a proposed amendment to the U.S.Constitution forever(since 1921); States didn’t want to ratify yet! March 22, 2017 Nevada Legislature first to ratify the ERA after the expiration of the original deadline;(your are spitting against the wind, again).
If your boss isn't paying you a fair wage based on your gender, you can sue and win easily. #EqualPayDay
You cannot easily win.
Disabled Americans  also deserve equal pay.  Well at least enough money to put us over the poverty line
Yes, The Equal Rights Amendment first came up DECADES ago.  Just two more states needed to ratify it.  Once that happens Women will gain the Rights We Deserve as Human Beings.  ( Senator, we need PAPER BALLOTS to back up the machines this November, I want a paper receipt). Thanks
I have to say Amen to that.
Should be self-evident. I am very surprised and sorry to hear that this still seems to be an issue in the US.
Not just women but equal pay for equal work. No matter your gender or skin color.
So when they do equal work then they will get equal pay until then keep quiet.
They already do. We even have a law for this. Facts aren't your friend are they?
Its been the law for a while now. Why are you pushing false issues? 
The Equal Pay Act of 1963. 
The gap is due to choices. If a woman wants to get paid like a man, she already can.
Do the woman in your office makes the same as men in your office?
In most cases they do.  Federal job market provides same pay for same job and always has. You, and people like you, spend all your time complaining and never pointing out the lack of your understanding of reality that this is not a 100% deal.
It is radical to lie about this and make women feel weak and belittled. Stop telling this lie! There is no gap.
Thank you Bernie!
I thought it was National Siblings Day?! I can't keep this crap straight.
They do, you idiot.  It’s already a law.
