Are you kidding? Just delete your Facebook if you don’t want your information out there. Simple as that.
Well, Molly. You clearly do not understand that Facebook spies on everybody, not just registered users. Look up "shadow profiles".
Every time you swipe your credit card you share data. None of this is new.
There is a massive difference between choosing to make a payment (can often use cash) and merely reading some random news site where Facebook uses an invisible pixel to spy on you
You choose to use FB. Therefore you agree to share data. Same as CC usage.
FB tracks everybody and scans photos for IDs and info on people who are not on FB. These people never give any consent.
Oh my, you’re one of those. Never mind. I thought you were real.
Don't use it. Federal government has no right to do anything about it, you silly Marxist.
Hmm... Even if you don't use it facebook still creates "shadow profiles" on you...
You volunteer your information to facebook users and they turn it over, it's still your fault.
So if some stranger takes a selfie and I walk by in the background unknowingly, then they post it to Facebook, it's my fault for walking there?
You are in the public square. That's literally how rights work.
That's the right of a free press. Companies gathering data then selling it to foreign companies is a whole different beast.
The different beast is also encompassed by protected rights. Further, the federal government has no constitutional authority to involve itself.
You do realize that the federal government is the entity that enforces these rights right?
Leaving Facebook was my best use of Facebook decision in quite some time.
Doesn’t really matter thousands of websites embed fb code into their sites. Even if you’ve never used fb it has a way to track you. Regardless, probably doesn’t matter either way.
They're called "shadow profiles". You never even have to agree to their TOS and they'll create a profile on you. All it takes is your friends posting pictures on their feed and facebook links similar instances.
Here's a better article:
I wonder, to what degree, if any, having multiple, often incorrect profiles has altered that data. ... probably not much, very very eerie.
Check here we have also collected top seven short memorable videos from his testimony. I hope you would enjoy it.
7 Memorable moments from Mark Zuckerberg recent testimony he got served hot and grilled. http://bit.ly/2HsLOgN   #Facebook #MarkZuckerberg #socialmedia 
you are so ignorant to think privacy exists on the internet
nothing on the internet is private nor ever will be ...

Bernie, the real issue (which no one will truly talk about) are data mining practices. How far are companies allowed to go in collecting and selling individuals information, including purchases, web views, postings, etc. This is a common practice among many companies, not just FB
Data mining is a common modern marketing practice. Facebook has not done anything new on that. It simply has a comparative advantage over most others
So... why is it okay that the NSA invades our privacy?
Thanks for your technology advice, Grandpa.  Now go off and play some cards with the other old fogeys, ok?  Have fun.  Bye now.
Edward Snowden is Greenberg and Zuckerberg's cousin. Both propped by their grandad David Rockefeller.


Oh, WELL!  When "NewsTarget" speaks, people listen!!! 

Mark Zuckerberg is the grandson of David Rockefeller.  Prove it.
Do your own research, or in your case let Smopes do it for you.
It is on us to protect our privacy, we need to stop sharing that which should remain private.  Not just on Facebook, but on every social network.
The funny thing is, you really don't have a say in the matter.
Idiots.  You can set your privacy as tight as you want it.  You don't have to give permission to the apps for anything.  Stop clicking "allow" and take some personal responsibility for your actions.
Facebook tracks you if you never use their service.  Browse to any site with a FB like or share button and they collect data on you.
ohh noo, delete your FB then?? you're using a product moron
As I said, "Facebook tracks you if you never use their service."  Delete whatever you want, they will continue to attempt to collect data from other sites and apps that integrate their services.
Facebook creates shadow profiles... This hearing wasn't really enlightening on the facebook end, but seeing all the morons come out of the woodwork has been startling.
Generally people don't even know how something like cookies work, so when they hear that Facebook can collect their data without them ever signing up for Facebook they don't believe it's possible.
Is there personal privacy in VT?  No. Pursuant to 18 V.S.A. § 5002, there are no restrictions on public access to Vermont vital records... that means your mother's maiden name, home address and birthday are public.  At least FB gives you a choice.
I was very surprised to hear Sen. Durbin criticizing Zuckerberg. The invasion of privacy, the abuse subscribers are put through on Facebook is vicious, it is SADDISTIC, and it should not exist.
We Don’t!  A boycott is as American as 
apple pie!  
#BernieWouldHaveWon
But, Zuckerberg backed Cambridge Analytica for his own financial enrichment!
Let’s name them right:  FaceCrook.

#NeverFacebook
I guess we're just going to pretend the 3 ISPs we have aren't already invading our privacy and profiting off of it? Facebook is a small part of the problem.
There are more than 5,500 ISPs in the United States.
That's not really relevant to my point but even if it was; A lot of people feel like they have 1 real choice out of Comcast / TW, Cox, AT&T or Verizon. They can do whatever they want with your data and you can't really cancel because you need service.
They can "feel" however they want, but the fact is they have a choice. We provide it.
My city actually has a contract with Comcast who I hate so you're welcome to provide something better to my door.
There are thousands of WISPs like me. One likely already provides service to your roof. Of course, if #NetNeutrality regulations are imposed, they will kill off competitive ISPs and then you may have no choice.
ZUCCBOT NEEDS YOUR PRIVATE INFORMATION TO SURVIVE
Oof he do
I don't get why everyone is beating up on @facebook and Zuckerberg. If you sign up for a free service and they tell you the cost (access to data to serve you ads), then don't complain after the fact. 
I deleted my FB account about 6 years ago a s didn't want to accept the price
Please let me know when you find the answer to this.
Well said Dick Durbin. with the creamiest voice that needs to be the voice of Mr Kipling.
C'mon Bernie.

You use your head, protect yourself as best you can, and get on with it.

If anyone is still on Facebook I refuse to feel sorry for them.
USA should probably embrace the Global Data Protection Regulation GDPR that the EU is implementing May 25th fines up to 4% of companies annual revenues for non compliance.
Bernie think you're great.  But what about personal accountability? People are not forced to put the nitty gritty details of their lives on Facebook. Shouldn't they know better. Would you post information you didn't want people to potentially see to your account?
Nail. Head. Direct hit.
Mark Zuckerberg is a person who would explain rape as an unwilling recipient of a sperm donor (courtesy george carlin)
ZUCCBOT NO LIKE INVADING ZUCCBOT PRIVACY. ERROR. DOES NOT COMPUTE. ZUCCBOT LAUGHING SEQUENCE ACTIVATED. HAHAHA. NO SENATOR. PLS NO INVADING ZUCCBOT PRIVACY
South of VT is Massachusetts where every town and city publishes a list of every resident's name, home address and date of birth... updated annually.  At least Facebook gives you a choice.  MA, however, does not:  http://www.BayStateBreakdown.com 
Simple stop using Facebook!
Not that simple. Facebook creates "shadow profiles" without people's permission.
U cant. Everyone knows the score when they sign up.  Anyone ever thought about not using it?
We can all cut ourselves off from the world. But at this point, that would be like barricading yourself inside your "cabin"  (of varying levels of "comfort") on the "Titanic". As we fallow and deliver the latest tweets.
Reality requires participation.
If you don't like how they use your info show them by no longer using the Facebook service. Is anybody honestly surprised we can't share our private details with somebody who stole the entire idea of Facebook from his friends in the first place?
When you are on-line it is the same as being out in public. Everywhere you go, everything you look at, everyone you talk to is potentially observed by someone out in public, same as on line, that is the mindset people should have when online, wether facebook or something else.
Who cares! Let's just keep sharing the truth about what is going on in our world. And while we are at it, why don't we just cut out the crap and start talking about the real predicament we are in as a species? All of this nonesense is a subplot the just how bad things are!
Noone is forcing anyone to have Facebook. We have known Facebook collects information for years. If we continue to use Facebook, we are agreeing that it’s ok. We can delete Facebook. That’s the only way to stop it. So if you don’t agree with the privacy policy #deletefacebook
Actually, facebook creates "shadow profiles" of non-users. So no, you can't just delete facebook.
Well at the exact moment you join facebook you are giving your consent to them to do whatever they want with your information. That is why facebook is free. Not a secret at all
Even if you don't join facebook they still create "shadow profiles" on people.

Here's another article on the topic.
Why can't I choose who contacts me and pick the products I am into and then they can use that.  It's more logical as it'll irritate me to be bothered by products I don't care about or would never use and make me not ever buy that product.
Answer your questions please we'll see than all
There is no 'invasion'. Using FB is not required. Nobody is subscribing.  If you only share with your friends and you don't put your whole life out there for the world to see it is safe and private.
Senators asking questions, then insisting that there's no time to hear the response is a pretty ridiculous excuse for a "hearing".
Senator Sanders, you do so much great work. Please stop joining the masses in this cherry-picking Facebook bashing nonsense.
How do we use Facebook without getting Diamond and Silked by the communist far-left? Free speech is a bigger issue than privacy, Berner.
Barnie, You know you love facebook and the zuck!  He blocks the truth being spoken against liberals and socialist like you.  If you had your way we could be just like Venezuela
@xLindsCx
Bad analogy. If I choose not to tell you where I stayed it is my choice. But let;s say I saw you go into the room next to mine, I can say "Mark Z stayed in the Hilton room 1205 right next to me" without violating the law. I can sell that info to TMZ if I choose.
It's the internet. Nothing is private.
OOPS! I'm still half asleep! I like this Illinois Senator, Dick Durbin. But still, where's the rest of this interview? YouTube! Over 10+ hrs worth of interviews. WOW!!
Ooohhhh....pretty sure I'm not the biggest Sanders fan,  but he makes a GREAT POINT here! Now, where's the rest of this shit shoving interview?
Tweet Tweet Tweet
#Truth to 
@Official_Markfb
Good point.  And we don’t need socialism it doesn’t work it’s been tried and failed.
What ? "Like With A Cloth" ?
why you just pass a law making it illegal!! you know a violation of our constitutional right to privacy. btw facebook is a monopoly!!!
Or  looking a different way by using Facebook we should know you are giving up that right privacy. If you don’t like it does use Facebook no one is forcing you.
That was a silly question that has all the old timers in a fizzle.  If I don't want people to know where I stayed last night - guess what..?  I don't need to post it on FaceBook.  Its such a stupid premise.
#shutdownfacebook
Facebook has shown the stupidity of people, sometimes shocked at what people post and like
5 Best ways to Boost the WiFi Signal Strength #WiFi #Signals #internetdown #Booster #Hacks https://ithacks163.blogspot.com/2017/03/how-to-increase-range-of-your-wi-fi.html …
I thought he handled the questions well. We are rrying in Europe to legislate this with new GDPR laws. lets see how that goes.
If you or I take a pill then appeared before Congress off our heads, it would be ''pill head''/ ''amphetamine addict'' and ejected from the courtroom - If Zuckerberg does the same then it's fine ... 'Limitless Pills.'
#ZuckerbergHearing
The ppl in the Q/A, have they even been on the www since the 90s ? Dont be stupid stupid
They just don't like his shtoyle
..BINGO..#NYC
It is an invasion of privacy
You don’t. And why should you? Why hide? There was no FB back in the day. Anything you did in a real public forum wasn’t private. And look how people acted. Maybe that’s what we need again...
The best thing I found on my #FacebookData was an encrypted facial recognition file. Everything else was fairly mundane. Probably should delete my account as I'm not narcissistic enough to really care about it anyway.
I should of probably not joined fb in the first place because now I'm stuck just like everyone else getting my ID stolen. Why?! @MarkZuckerbe1rg did you have to start being idiotic like three months after I joined fb why?!?!?!?
The problem is that every single Facebook user did consent to this.  They were asked in advance, most of them ignored the question, and consented, but they consented.
Liar, liar pants on fire. #dickface
Agree. Bout time someone called it like it is - our private info for Zuckerbergs billions. Play along with him or use your phone to really talk to friends.

Kind of wondering why Sen. Durbin took heat off Zuckerberg by eliciting humorous responses even though he made his point. A little east of cheeky.
Reked lol
FB is out there for the world to see. Just don’t put anything out there that u don’t want to be seen! Kind of like a nudie or sex tape!!!
@CREDOMobile @Comey @billmaher @benjaminwittes @fakedansavage @MalcolmNance https://act.credoaction.com/sign/Protect_Mueller_Investigation … @justicedems @TheYoungTurks @SenWarren @KamalaHarris @HartsonForCA @IndivisibleTeam Find what matters @Emma4Change @Twitter @Lawrence @maddow @chrislhayes @BarackObama
so you take Senator Durbin's questioning of Zuckerber and stamp your logo on it.  Dude. just WTF is wrong with you?
We've given a certain amount of our privacy away. But don't try to TAKE it from us. Slippery slope, eh?
Kind of irrelevant question because:
A. You can choose whether to show your whereabouts by changing the settings,
B. You can choose whether to allow FB Messenger access to your texts and either way the information the app accesses does not become public information.
We don't use Face Book. Period.
So long as David Dennison’s data is safe, we’re good.
Not upload your whole life to it?
We pay for it, so we are the customer and not the product.
Facebook. Don't have it. Won't use it
I predict that there will be no legislative changes to regulate the likes of FaceBook, Amazon, Google simply because of the information they have collected on the very politicians who are examining the issues. Fear and Greed make for a disasterous mix.
I got rid of FB yesterday. You can throw in YouTube with the lot of those you mentioned.
Google owns YouTube. As reference: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/YouTube 
That’s why I included them specifically by name. No weaseling out 
I see and agree with you to name YouTube because of the critical data capture. Thank you!
Yeah. Zuck’s trying to run for President. You’re trying to clear Facebook to say “They’ve been vetted. Nothing to see here.”
I know this dog n pony show.
Simple, don't share private info.
Ummm... Facebook is elective.... it's that easy
To me complaining about other people seeing your personal information on Facebook is like someone placing a Trump sign in their yard and then complaining when their neighbor identifies them as a Republican
Get  real. People on Facebook share everything about themselves there. Therefore making the information they share not private information.
your facebook messages have never been available to any third party.
Yes we do!
We don't
I don't expect privacy on anything I use on the computer. It's ridiculous to think anything you post. On any public media. Would be private. 
Don't be naive.
Most likely stayed in one of Trump’s places. They’ve nice.
Define them legally, Senator. They operate in the public sphere and do good and harm. They must bear responsibility by users and operators. Keep them liable as newspapers are. Regulate but be mindful of the Constitution. You should take a look at them.
Make an adult choice, Bernie, don’t use Facebook.
http://www.pharmout.com/pharmacy-insights/data-selling-pbm-industry … And when do PBMs get regulated over satay selling???
That is the question.
I think you will find that rules don't apply to Billionaires
Facebook have been breaking the laws and now everyone will know how bad,close my account for good
It isn't funny that the Facebook CEO & his crew thought this was funny.
Anybody at any time can simply cancel their Facebook account. It's a private company. If you're unhappy with the way they use your info, don't use their platform
And get the hell out of FAcebook.  Zuckerberg is as sincere as Ryan.
Ur an idiot , that ship has sailed
Exactly.
If you don't want something to be private then by all means put it on social media or anyplace on the internet for that matter.  People make a choice to put personal info on Facebook.   Facebook doesn't force anyone to give away what they don't want to share.
Don't you Monkeys have anything better to do; on taxpayers dime?
This is a bogus and wasteful expenditure of Congress's time.  I prefer you work on improving health care, the environment, SS. etc.  No one is forced to use FB.  If you don't like the way it operates, STAY OFF IT!
I can't comprehend what type of person assumes their Facebook account information is private... More so are we really blaming America's utter stupidity on a social media platform??
I guess I'm having a hard time understanding how Facebook users thought a "free" service was being supported?

Pay for it with dollars instead of data.
So what's zuckerburg answer?
Here is an idea where it asks you for your information.  DON'T GIVE IT TO THEM!!!
By using FB, you are putting yourself and information on your account out there, so you are the one violating your own privacy with oversharing and allowing 3rd party apps to access your FB account.
Zuckerberg is not INVADING anyone’s privacy. People fall over themselves to spew out all their personal data. Bernie, it is called individual RESPONSIBILITY, I know you are not very big on that however.
Hey Grampa, you CHOOSE to go on Facebook. He was CALLED before Congress.
Facebook has a 100% fool proof safety feature... it’s called not having an account.
Don't give them so much of your personal info! Yes, they have *their* responsibility to safeguard our privacy, but we also have *ours.* If you don't give them the info in the first place, they can't misuse it. It's common sense, or it SHOULD be!
Same way you step out your front door every day and keep your privacy...you don't
@TomCWard9
It is definitely not right that they were able to get access to those informations BUT people need to become more careful about the personal stuff they share. Maybe this is the wake-up-call we all needed.
Unfortunately we have to sacrifice some privacy as remuneration for some information. Everything costs something.
we should he has people listening and censoring what we free thinkers say and do you can't not speak out against libs Muslims gays etc
Stop asking questions all the time Bernie. Start fixing something. You are actually IN the Senate. LEVERAGE your popularity. If it actually exists at your work.
Are you still in denial about Russian trolls pushing your campaign?
If you want that level of privacy - don’t use Facebook.

The heart of the issue is ELECTION INTERFERENCE https://twitter.com/sensanders/status/984116132197085186 …
Maybe you should post his reply
NSA does this too but you have no problem with them right
Mark Suckerberg is a snake. It’s been obvious for a while that he has so much to hide.
You don’t. Invasion of your privacy is their business model.
This coming from Bernie who still uses a VHS machine.
Bullshit. Facebook has all kinds of privacy protections, automatic and optional. They have to do a better job of simplifying the optional ones to be more user friendly. It’s a shame some people want to fry one of the most important advocates of leveling the playing field for all.
It's not an invasion of privacy to voluntarily post personal information on a website designed for the express purpose of sharing that information.

Go fix something that's actually broken instead of trying to break things that aren't.
These hearing proved how little people know about the internet, the technology they use and Facebook. I'm honestly shocked that millions of people are downloading apps without actually reading all of the permissions they ask for. Astounding.
The takeaway I got is that these senators are old as dirt.
The concept of privacy died with the creation of social media. The only way to The only way to truly protect our privacy is to get rid of social media and I don't see that happening.
By the same token, how do you use windows 10 based computers without seeing the same thing!
It’s very clear Mr. Sanders.. don’t use facebook simple as that.
turn off your computer its really that simple
Rekt
Hey Senator Sanders, I’m not well versed in politics.  Does this have any correlation with the FCC’s recent vote to end Net Neutrality?  Could we see more of these cases if Congress does not overrule the FCC’s vote to end Net Neutrality?  Just curious.  Thanks!
I deleted facebook and if you really want to hide and protect your privacy, I highly recommend using  Tor.   They even gave an app in the store for mobile devices.
Bang on there
Remember too that Zuck bought up all the houses around his in CA, why?  Oh, privacy, well.  Why doesn't he see the irony... he has been asked about privacy before, but it took a huge scandal before he got off his ass.
Didn't you steal data from the Clinton campaign? Shut up. Did Jane find your tax returns yet?
“do not like to be manipulated. They do not like to be spied on. We don’t like it when someone is outside of our home watching. We don’t like it when someone is following us around the neighborhood, or even worse, following our kids or stalking our children.”

Rep. Kathy Castor: You are collecting personal information on people who do not even have Facebook accounts, isn't that right? 
Mark Zuckerberg: "Congresswoman, I don't think…
My sentiments exactly. If this world is going to go forward it should be "no surprise" of the current veil of privacy issues at hand. "It is what it is. Can't see the best of both worlds."
As if CIA supports privacy? As if CIA is not working with government? What a sharade.
Still, seeing this dinosaurs pretending to grill a tech nerd who may or may not be Asperger Syndrome, while in reality they only want to score political points, is quite painful to watch.
#Facebook
Well, it’s either one or the other. Too bad.
Mr Durbin does ask a fair question. Why wasn't that questioned asked in 2008 and 2012 when it was originally done?
You don't. It's the same with Google and so many other companies that provide "free" or discounted services for anyone to use. Wait until more Google Home and Amazon Alexa privacy-intrusion stories surface. They will. But the average consumer doesn't seem to care, yet.
Keeping the government out of it would be a start.
That's my Senator.  Of all the horribleness in Illinois, Durbin is not in that category.  Don't always agree with his votes, but I've never doubted his sincerity.
Don’t post personal stuff!!! No brainer.
Isn't the fault on the Russians? What's the owner have to do with it. 
Am I the only one that doesn't give a crap about this?
Perhaps we could ask these guys
Yet the vast majority put their LIFE on Facebook!  Don't depend on anyone else to protect your privacy when it's blatantly put out there like that.  WE must know when enough is enough.  EVERYTHING is not for Facebook, to include our personal information.  #CommonSense
Anyone else hear that hard gulp from Zuckerberg?
He keeps saying that fb doesn't sell data but they obviously sell access. How does fb know that I donated to the hsus after the hurricane devestation last year? I keep getting ads from them now. I did not access them through fb. They must sell access to my data and/or share.
US Post Office and the amount of junk mail I receive on a daily basis or the amount of robo calls and what the “do no call list” does to prevent it.   US Govt can STFU Bernie.  I’ve had enough of it.
What about the NSA? #sheesh
You can have all the privacy you want on facebook!  Just don't use it.  They cannot collect or sell any data that you do not give them.  You cannot have right to privacy on facebook, because you do not have a right to use facebook!  You are making a choice!
A gov't funded healthcare system could remove some of the privacy fears and FB could be instrumental in securing this healthcare right by removing the fear of online health disclosure of his users

How can Facebook exist as a free service unless they can somehow monetize their users? There should be boundaries, no question, but Facebook uses your info to sell ads, and that will not change (unless you'd rather pay a monthly fee).
Whether in politics or the private sector, it seems that success reaps disdain for all others.
Very important concern. Thanks for raising this! 
There is no way for privacy! As soon as its on the internet its out there!
A part of me feels like Zuckerberg is unfortunately the landing page for any and all internet issues. It's not all on FB however Zuckerberg does have to do better.
More like Suckerberg. He's a tool who can't even answer questions given to him. I'm glad they grilled him like they did. A little humble pie will do him good.
Google knows everything about you.  Everything.
If you're really worried about your privacy maybe you'd read the terms and everything you're "allowing" to be accessed on your phone. Before things are shared they ask if you're okay with sharing them.
Pretty simple do not post shit you don’t want people to see
It's Time Bernie for US to get rid of all US Reps & US Senators who are IGNORANT when it comes to Technology, Internet etc.
They have No Place serving US!
Bernie you are an exception
Didn't @LindseyGrahamSC push to allow ISPs to sell our data just last year?
I think the simple answer is:  We don't.  Facebook doesn't make money without selling our personal information.  The internet is not regulated as a utility with powerful security regulations like the landline phone system.  It probably never will be.

Is anyone going to address the 13-17 year olds whose data may have been compromised? This is a SERIOUS breach and should be governed accordingly. A person’s privacy is one of the pillars of human dignity in their…

All I see is scared little boy who's about to have his toys taken away.
"do you deserve the right to privacy? "yes, of course" "does everyone else?" "uhh, no. obviously"
We don’t.
Glad he understands the severity of the matter at hands - pardon the pun.
Tell that to the 2000 leftists that are deleting conservative accounts.
The heart being that Americans can’t even expect privacy from government, let alone a company like Facebook or any company who sells your personal information
You don’t. If tou put it up n the interwebs you chose to make it public. Forever.
Stop using Facebook.
I think censorship is a larger problem.  We face more severe attacks on privacy from our own government. Facebook censors the conservative.
The American people have not forgotten all the corruption going on including how your wife was paying her daughter $1000000 salary at the board of ed
Wait a sec Bernie, this is one of those billionaires you always rail against. Oh wait, he donated to the DNC. Ignore this then.
Bernie Sanders is advocating that Facebook have to sell the other companies it owns.
Dear Senator Sanders...first thing you can do is repeal SESTA/FOSTA
I can opt out of Facebook. The question is how do we get our elected officials from being corrupt liars who live high on the hog(including you) from ruining this great country.  Please go move to your socialist paradise and leave our Constitution alone.
Dumb question by the senator! I've stopped using Facebook in 2013. But, if I share wherever I go and whatever I do, it's my choice and fault not Facebook. Of course they collect data from users. This is how any social media and most apps work, including TWEETER.
Actually... Google "shadow profiles". Here's an article to get you started.
I will really love to make new friends on here. 
