Pompeo supports the use of torture. He has longstanding relationships with anti-Muslim extremists. And his hawkish views on Iran and North Korea could very well lead us into another disastrous war. I will vote no on his nomination.
Wrong choice for anything
It'd be nice to see him hanging from a lamppost, I suppose.  Or maybe the Hague, depending on what all he's been up to while we weren't looking.
It’s not your decision Bernie
One word Bernie: RETIRE
Can you help me out by signing this petition?
Pretty sure the SOS has no influence on LGBTQ rights in America. Try harder, Bernie.
Keep up the worthy fight.
Pompeo did not answer a lot of the questions. Pompeo should not be confirmed.!
We have a constitution and you and all of congress both GOP and libs should read it! I’m not a constitutional scholar but I sure know it better than most of you. All Americans as per the 1st amendment can say and think whatever they choose. Read it senator!!
Not everyone thinks like you senator. Climate change has not been proven. Scientists debate this everyday. According to genius Al Gore, Wall Street should be under water and he’s you’re hero.  Evolution is a theory and should be taught as one theory so is climate change
May be? But why are you always right? Or are you always wrong?
Maybe he can’t tell the difference
no communism in America 

5
Jason is an ass
Go stand in the corner, Bernie.
Damn we agree on something.  I still won't forgive u 4 trump ..u delivered the Whitehouse 2 him!
Thank God.
You are the right choice?
Better choice than you Trumpskull.
you're a candidan, not American, so why are you'll even here if this don't effect you. so go drink your mapped syrup and fuck moose's ok by
go back to  kitchen darling . and resist some where else. u responding to elven day old tweet . crazy loony libtrade
Because fuck you, that's why! #ProudLibtard 

Also, you do realize we can use electronics in the kitchen, right?
LOL he spelled “libtard” wrong.
Laura please.
Has there been one placement except Mattis for DoD that does makes sense? (...says the Vet who refuses to go to the VA now that we have a Dr in charge that thinks Trump's BMI is 'healthy') The only surprise? Palin didn't get in.
Mattis is a nutter too!
Being a retired Marine -particularly serving when was a Jr Officer - he is actually incredibly even keeled. The actual nickname is 'The Monk Warrior.' He took amazing care of his Marines...and I think we can read the expression of how he feels about Trump
Yeah, he the Monk Warrior because he’s a religious extremist nut who wants the military run like a Jesus Camp.
2/2 So you can continue with the one liners or you can understand that he's there because he sees it as his duty to the country, not Trump and be thankful that there is at least one person who: 
1. knows his job
2. Is contemplative
3. Will likely be the person to stop WWIII.
LGBTQ right is a human right and not a special right, just like the BLM right is a human right and not a special right. Same for all races.
Not so sure about that.
The Koch tea party, Breitbart, Fox, the propaganda machine's, the new RNC isn't any different than middle East terrorist they all want to destroy our government, equal liberty, civil justice, free elections, they are enemies of the State totally unpatriotic, & unAmerican.
Why is it that you people only give a shit about life before birth but you don't care at all about life after birth?
It's easy to tell the difference between thos pro-life & the pro-birth, with the pro-birth life begins at conception & ends at birth especially for the poor, black & brown people.
Sounds about right. They only care about baby when baby is in mommy's belly, otherwise they couldn't give a shit less. Are they healthy, do they have access to a roof over their head, warm bed to sleep in, blanket to cover up with, clothes to wear, a bath every,  food to eat, ect
Exodus 20:4 “You shall not make for yourself a carved image—any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth;
Do you have any figures that represent Jesus?
So agree with you Senator. Trump world is coming apart soon.
Yes. In 8 years! Hahaha
Bernie!
Except when he campaigned for hillary.  Teasing ill be good
He was fulfilling his contract. She signed one too. Whoever lost had to campaign for the other in a show of good faith for the party. Too bad she cheated him - then was outcheated by Trump. Some call it karma- others Irony.
I know Bern! It is a disaster in the WH. Either DT is impeached or well battle at ballot box in 2020. You running Bern?
Good luck chump.
Which of Trump's appointees in any role are the right choice?
#hillary clinton#jamescomey#loretta Lynch - shall I keep going? All@of these criminals “served” under Mr. Obama.
I wish Bernie was our President! He should have been. He would have beaten Trump and we would not have a narrow minded sec of state
Sure. And there’s a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. #crooked Bernie with a new Lake Champlain waterfront “summer”home valued at $600K and Bernie’s net reported income at the time of purchase was $580k. How did he pull that off? I wonder.
Everyone in the tRump cabinet is the wrong choice including tRump!!  #Resistance
Get some help and get sober.
This is good Bernie ....but the real deal is to talk about things we can change....2018 is very important ..getting people registered to vote. Not divided the people with this DNC Bshit ..there is a time and place for everything...lets do 2018 then we can deal will real issues.
Like getting back to the previous administration’s corruption scandals?
Makes no difference to Trump
In fact, it's obviously a requirement for Trump. He hasn't chosen a single decent cabinet member. They're all the worst picks possible.
Sort of like all the Obama criminals that were put in office during the Obama Debacle? #jamescomeyhillaryclinton
The new world order is coming up fast and all u clowns will be crying the blues u gohims r falling n line with there agenda wake up and save this constitution
We are saving the constitution and the country from right wing destruction.
Oh ok.
The only right selection Trump made was Kelly and I was wondering how long he could kiss Trump's butt.
The question is: how long can you kiss it? 8 years? Pucker up!
If You Think He Wrong Than He Is The Right Pick. I’m A Proud New York Republican-Magnificent President Trump Voter. dems Will Never Win My Vote. I Agree With Your Views.
Hahaha Not sure what or who your are. If you read and understood what Bernie said you would not be opposed to what he has said. As an uneducated man you should love what Bernie says. Sad that you are on the earth with us.
Are you tweeting this from your 140,000 car OR one of your 3 houses? Nobody gives a sh*t what you say.. except the unemployed and gullible, uninformed kids that is. 
You will NEVER be president.EVER.
Amen
Right, sure buddy. That’s why he advocates for the democratic socialism model that’s so successful in the Nordic countries....because he’s a communist...GTFOOH
That makes him ULTIMATELY qualified, little Bernie!  What did YOU say when Obama was joyfully giving taxpayer dollars to George Soros to further his Communism plan in other countries?!  Hmm???  Where was your outrage?!
Exactly
Perhaps pretending to have a "path to victory" for months while this was essentially a lie, and having your surrogates (Turner, Konst, Dawson) drive down participation, were not the best ideas in retrospect?
Maybe, just maybe Hillary could have campaigned in Michigan, or Pennsylvania.
yes, Bernie not driving down participation and Hillary campaigning in the Rust Belt would both have been helpful
This is a great quote it’s absolutely true war is expensive!
To bad it's false.
A great course of action is the exact opposite of anything you advise!
Says the Commie Socialist... Go away moron.
I heard Mike gets skin hives when he visits the fertile crescent countries. Sign of a bad guy...#VoteNo
B.S. = Bull Shit #insane #liar #zero #fadeaway
Who cares about LGBTQ rights? It’s not the end of the world. The world can go on and will be even better when people realize there’s only 2 genders.
Global Climate change is a serious security threat?

Syria, NK, Russia, Iran, the Souhern Border? THESE are the real security threats to America and they were created by apologist Obama and your Democrat pals
First hand look at far left irrational thinking. They are oblivious to real problems, in denial so they focus on made up crisis to battle. Allow open borders to help refugees, while allowing tons of Heroine to flow in too that's killed thousands....ass backward thinking.
“Sell Out” Bernie, your tall is getting old and tired. Take your socialist policies and move yourself to Venezuela or North Korea
What the heck is wrong with you!
Oh Mr Senders you right , we all saw how right you were with your president Obama to pay more than $100000000 to Terrorist Government-of Iran to run the war in the Middle East . Come on  Mr Sanders wake up , did you know the Iranian people got nothing at all.
@GOPChairwoman  Hmmmmm, who to believe? Honest Bernie Sanders or Copperhead snake @Ronna ???
Bernie Sanders says Mike Pompeo is absolutely the wrong person to be Secretary of State, I wonder who he has in mind, wait, maybe he should call Hilary Clinton, she's not doing anything, she's got experience and who better to handle clasified info or storing it from prying eyes
This coming from the party that had hillary...  and still not in jail.... anybody else, life w/o parole, she screwed you and yet you tie the line..  u really scare me
Please take a remedial English class
Ugh
The last thing we need is a socialist like you in any form of government
Royce,
But you will gladly take your Social Security checks, right? Operative word 'social' as in it is a socialist program.
Fine go live In Russia, if you want government to run your life.
That was the most lame response to anything ever! And your boy Donald Trump is Putin's bitch so why don't you go live there?
Go away
Go to hell mr Sanders or perhaps go to Gaza!!!!!
I agreed with you until you brought up the climate change fraud that lines your pockets
And what is your wife being investigated for @SenSanders? Hummmm, but that’s different,right?
Resign you old socialist.  Move to Venezuela and give them your advice, we don't want it.
But Bernie you would bitch if you were hung with a new rope  if trump say right you say left    Get a real job.  You’re not good at this one
Wow  !
Nonsense. climat change is not a security threat. You are though.
Please please please run again. Our county NEEDS you!!!!!
#teambernie
hes only ahead of bernie sanders as top recipient of money.
Fact, Senator:  Climate change happened 11,000 years ago and there were not enough humans to cause it.  What happened?  Natural changes in the orbit of the Earth.  A tiny change in the orbit makes for climate change that we can do nothing about.
Human activity only became the dominant driver of global climate change in the 20th Century, due to rapid industrialisation and population growth.
Yeah, but since you helped Donald Trump get elected he gets to pick who he wants. Next time run for POTUS "as a Republican" and divide and conquer the bad guys instead.
The greatest danger to America is this wingnut.  Go drive your R8 BO gave you after you let HRC run you out of the election.
@TerryHardin21051550. Another bot -2 followers. Every anti been is commenter here!
@RoyceSuggs another bot w 2 followers
@GeoegeMorganan2 another bot account. 2 followers. Proof? As soon as you call them out they disappear instantly b4 you can even block them! Comment after you've blocked them & warn others
@RichardAWeber -another bot to block. Funny all the pro trump pro Pompeo accounts are bots
Bernie go home and shut the hell up ,communist asshole !!!
This comment brought to you by a communist block bot account w 2 followers
NO MIKE POMPEO.......
Sad! Why can’t he look for competence instead of cronies!
@Vote4Pedro2018
How totally frigging stupid.
Agreed!
Bernie, JUST GO TO SLEEP,,,,,,,FOREVER
Bernie Sanders is definitely not the moral majority! He needs to move to Venezuela with his BS  socialist ideas!!!!!
Another communist block bot account sowing division & disinformation in the USA
that's exactly why he should be SoS
But that is most likely why he was nominated.
All you Dem need to wake up. The people made their choice! the people have spoken!
No one cares what you have to say!
You belong in jail next to @HillaryClinton.
Could you please just go away? You don’t even get respect from your own political party.
He's independent dope!
But he voted with Dems, dunce.
Doesn't mean he is a registered Den. So you're reply makes no sense.
I feel sorry for all of us.
Sounds a lot like @HillaryClinton - we see how that turned out
Terrible...it seems more swamp monsters.. someone that was supposed to be drained
he is consistent with the rest of the Cheeto 45 administration!
It just keeps getting swampier. we the people are coming out in November to make changes in Congress and 2020 we will make changes from the top down. #waiting2VOTE
I agree with Bernie on this one. Last thing we need is more old rich racist white men that take money from megadonors to support their causes.
And you support Hillary Clinton...  you truly are a disappointment

GOP Trolls stop spreading vile lies
Bernie is the 1%.
Bottom line if your minions who run this weak feed are against him .....Im for him. Bernie do you ever read whst they send out there?
Keep fighting for US @SenSanders . We love you!!!!
Sooo much logic.   That’s like saying +=
I do agree he is the wrong person
Sir, you are the president we need, but many people are worried you're too old. Thank you for always fighting for us, even if they never know your true worth. Your leading with your heart and conscience gives me hope for the future.
Really? How sad are you?
Is there any doubt in anyone's mind that Trump is a thug intellectually unfit emotionally unfit and should never have been allowed to be president of the United States
Because Mike has the fear of God
Bernie, he's at least intelligent and not a nutcase. DJT could have nominated John Bolton--or his horse--for the job, and I'm not sure congressional Republicans would have voted him down. My expectations for Trump nominations are not high, so I can live with this one.
Guess you spent all your time barking up the wrong tree in the end huh?
#imwithbernie
Global Climate change is a hoax you old fool
99.94% of scientists say man made climate change is real. I’ll trust the widespread scientific consensus over your opinion.
That was a bogus study it was rigged where the survey only got answers from the global climate change crowd you must be 1 of the loons that just believes it and not have researched it
all over the place weak disctarced lazy combs opistion...
You have food falling out of your mouth right now.
You should have cared more in 2016 and not encourage protest throw away votes. You put ego over country, putz. Don’t act like you care now.
Your supporters murder people
Sounds like the right choice!
It is one more bad choice in a series of bad choices that this administration has made. #nothingsurprisesmeanymore
Bernie, you disappoint me greatly.  I am a dem, and i supported you... and to watch you drop your pants and bend over for the crooked dems disgusts me.  I will no longer support you in 2020 if you run!!!
Smart. Don’t waste your vote.
He actually smiled every time he was interviewed, as he was telling Americans to fully expect Russia to continue meddling in our elections, while knowing Trump was doing nothing about it. He actually looked happy about it. THIS IS INSANITY!
So your argument is basically because he doesn’t agree with me I won’t conform him. Nice  grown up attitude since he hasn’t even been before committee yet. Do you often prejudge people?
Didn’t have time to type “QIP2SAA”? Bigots like @SenSanders are why nazis are on the rise in America right now.
and you and your wifey should be in PRISON
So out of touch
Go away bank fraud Bernie
no I would say it's safe to say the greatest threat to America and the world in general. Is ignorant old socialists and Communists who just don't get it their ideology is a FAILURE
I'm just curious Bernie what's the carbon footprint on that lake house you just got for selling out your voters? What about your other houses? How many houses does one oldfuck need? Maybe it's time you voluntarily redistribute them to somebody who needs them
Careful that is socialist thinking
I've always been amused socialists they're always out to redistribute everybody else's stuff but not theirs. It's the old what's mine is mine and what's yours is mine game
Bernie. Who cares what you think.  Yours is the party of ball and chains for all.  You would fit in good in North Korea.
Well, lucky for Americans, Hillary made sure you don't get to choose. Sit back and let those in charge make the big decisions Bern. 

Go train some more of your foot soldiers.
Global climate change is our MOST SERIOUS security threat? REALLY, Are you this stupid?

North Korea nuclear weapon , Syria chem weapon murder of women & children & opioid crisis & you talking about global climate change. 

Pls tell me , did you born stupid or simply clueless?
Maybe you should check with DOD jackass.  Miss the forest for the trees, dontcha?
Just another example of the ongoing demise of our country.
I’m doing very well in this country. Im happy. Too bad you’re sad #getsomecounseling
@SenSanders has connections to human rights abusers and genocidal maniacs such as Adolf Hitler and Joseph Stalin.
Thank god Hillary stole your nomination. The thought of someone so clueless on what matters, as our president, is frightening.
Don't let facts get in the way of your world view, Bernie.
Ay, yo, Bernie! I forgot about you. I assumed you went and got a real job.
Thank you for reaffirming my vote for President Trump...
Idiot
Says the self-appointed moral authority of the left. Morality? Ethics? Those qualities don’t exist in your world.
You know nothing about running our country.  Hillary tricked you Sir.  Erased you from you'lls election.
Sit down, Nancy.
but wait, don't you get a LOT of money from George Soros and friends?
No, dumba** Faux "News" supplicant, he does not.
Hey "Bank Fraud Bernie" It's called WEATHER!!!
Fake News Yet it is fact...*
Bernie, go take your "I'm so old I'm gonna die pills", and shut up.

Why is the alphabet soup thrown into everything?
You have zero integrity Bernie.  Sell out!
I agree
Power Aligns #Resist #Resistance

https://www.politico.com/story/2018/04/10/pompeo-hearing-state-clinton-512155 …
I’m so sorry you disapprove. We don’t care what you think. Go away, you will not destroy this country!
Absolutely,I agree with @thehill & @SenSanders ,I concerned Pres #Trump's picks for Secretary of State,wrong choice,#MikePompeo nomination is wrong choice,he is against the value of #humanity,support Violence,crime against humanity,#LGBT,war mentality could against US values...
Go away Bernie.!!!
You took a house as payment from Clinton to not bring up the corruption of the dccc... please don’t lecture us about taking money...
Does Bernie Sanders have anything positive to say about anyone or anything?  A depressing person that complains about everyone and everything.
Boi, do I have a twitter to show you... “@realDonaldTrump”
Agree 100%!
Bernie get rid of your "A" rating from the NRA. Ban assault weapons, tighten the background checks, register all guns, require liability insurance for all gun holders.
Does a real Democrat like anything going on in politics right now?
I don't think he opposes LGBTQ rights. Why do you say that?
AEDPA WAS BIPARTISAN TREASON TALK ABOUT THAT ! WRITS OF HABEAS CORPUS ARE BEING DENIED HEARINGS IN FEDERAL COURT ! TYRANNY IS NOT COMING IT IS HERE !!! CLINTON DOLE AND CONGRESS SHOULD BE TARRED AND FEATHERED !!!
How do you feel about Zuck testifying FB will now send info directly to a Koch bros operation?
Why not nominate Mitt Romney?
Get a life.
Well then, make sure he isn't confirmed.
Bernie. Thanks for the food-stamps and the work permit. I’ll vote for you often, even though I am not a US Citizen.  When my brothers get here in September with their wives and children, they will need several Section 8 Housing units.  Can you have someone send me a tweet.
People talk and complain and Leaders bring solution. If you want to be a leader, start to bring real solutions. We know the issues.  Your telling people who live the issues while sitting in your Many houses or posh office.
You're just another dumba** who doesn't know how to use Google to find out how Bernie and Jane got that lake house.  So sad!
He's prefect for the Repubilcans
Even then, knowing his inner circle they won't last a week. A choice needs to last longer than three days, and doing dodgy things is one way to get a politician fired.
It may take a little while but Pompeo will go the route of the others .... fired!
If you doesn’t have the good sense to quit first.
See that he is ditched as should be many cabinet members. The place #TheDeplorableinChief calls the swamp is now the quicksand flats. Mueller is getting closer. God speed!
Let us know when you can generate a coherent sentence; then we might care what you think.
Thank you...
Please don’t forget that above all he is one of the biggest Islamophobes in this country.
Oh, BS.
I didn’t ask for your name.
Trump has a bunch of puppets working for him.
The connection to the Koch brothers and opposition to lgbtq is interesting since the the Kochs supported gay marriage and gay rights.
Who figured you would oppose? What a surprise.
go away, you are a divider ...
Why do you think he was chosen? That's EXACTLY the kind of person Chump wants! Remember, this country isn't being run by rational people at the present time.
Pompeo es la elección equivocada para Secretario de estado: partidario de la mordaza mundial. Se opone a los derechos LGBTQ y como receptor de dinero de los Koch, él está obstaculizando la acción en una de nuestras amenazas más graves de seguridad: el cambio climático global.
Oh please, stop being so silly. Your dull, dim witted comments are almost sad. As a Trump supporter you are also a sucker. Sick!!!
More Koch crap, no to Pompeo. We don’t want another Koch puppet.
