LOOK: A stunning image of just how many teachers are marching to the Arizona State Capitol. #RedForEd 
that is what happens when a state is flooded with low income illegals who receive billions in services.
Of course blame it on the illegals
I just did.
How ignorant..
The truth hurts.    Ever notice that the Dems solutions are always for someone else to provide?
Unlike Republican solutions which is to do nothing and let people fend for themselves even with no means to do so?
Our plan works great for people who care about education and hard work.  Why do the  poor fail  with EVERY President?  Why do they fail with every Democratic politician?   CAn you name any system where the poor will be successful?
So millionaires like you Senator are immune?
He’s a millionaire? His net worth is $600k.
Hmm? Cleared 1m in 2016 according to #cnn, must be fake news
And? Sanders is the most popular politician in the country. People are inspired by him and buy his books. It's not a crime to make money.
And that is because of Capitalism...not socialism...so capitalism is good? Kind of contradictory. If he truely believed in socialism, he would equally divide the profits of his books amongst himself the every single individual who assisted in creating the book.
He’s not a communist; he believes in capitalism with a conscience, which means regulations to protect us from pollution, starvation wages, and from having jobs sent overseas. He also believes our taxes should be used to provide a healthier infrastructure.
It’s far easier for people to completely straw man him, or scream “communist” than actually engage their brain and make the most simple of arguments.
I never said he was a communist. How about engaging your brain learning the difference between socialism and communism.
Amazing Tides are changing The youth are our future and teachers know how important it is that they all feel safe while at school are funded so they can be properly educated and and AND teachers should be paid a fare and equitable wage Politicians can take a pay cut for teachers!
Yeah! Then with the proper education we will know the difference between fare and fair!
Thank you hungryhunterAZ for the correction Speak text isnt as accurate at times & I failed to check before I hit okay My bad The downfall of technologies that help those with disabilities I am human & I make mistakes Lord knows I make mistakes daily but they are mine Again thx
Speak text would not have capitalized letters in all the random spots you did. Quit playing yourself. You’re welcome.
Hunter is trying to impress us with his amazing spelling abilities.
The thing about that is, we all have the culpability to know what he meant while Hunter is just trying to play the role of the genius who knows no typos
Was very tempted to type no's know typos right there.
We have to laugh at ourselves, it takes the power away from those who think they can put you down. As a person with disabilities I have learned that I have to laugh at my flaws. My flaws make me ducking awesome!
50,000 people descended down on the State Capitol to say "Enough is enough. Fund our schools, give our teachers a decent wage to keep them here, and give school support staff a decent wage as well" #Red4Ed
Actually scratch that, according to the Arizona Education Association, 75,000 people turned out today.
Red States kept cutting budgets to the detriment of public education. Time to swing the pendulum back in the right, er correct, direction.
California is far from a red state yet has some of the worst marks in education in the country, while giving a higher rate of pay to teachers.
It's literally ranked as 14th highest in the nation. Where are you getting your facts from?
https://www.usnews.com/news/best-states/rankings/education …

False
That can easily be attributed to "no child left behind". Because it's also 4th highest in higher education. If we taught children to enjoy education, instead of how to pass the next test, we'd be much better off. Of course a more educated populous is also far more liberal...so...
Lmfao what spin youve mastered
That's not spin. That's a statistical fact. People who are more educated tend to be far more liberal, than those who have a lower level of Education.
https://www.npr.org/2016/04/30/475794063/why-are-highly-educated-americans-getting-more-liberal …

https://www.insidehighered.com/news/2016/04/27/study-finds-those-graduate-education-are-far-more-liberal-peers …

http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/09/15/educational-divide-in-vote-preferences-on-track-to-be-wider-than-in-recent-elections/ …

http://www.people-press.org/2016/04/26/a-wider-ideological-gap-between-more-and-less-educated-adults/ …

I can post more evidence if you require. These are just the first 4 that popped up on Google.
It’s almost like despite which party controls your state, voters want better paying jobs, well funded public services and financial security.   What a concept!
Nothing new about htat concept.  The question is how do you pay for it when you have millions of low income illegals sending millions of kids to expensive schools?  Maybe we should raise taxes on rich Dems.  That seems to be the liberals plan when they are in office.   You in?
We pay for it the same way we are paying fo the 3 trillion dollar tax cut to the rich and richer corporations. We print money. What is important is the priority. Either increase the wealth to the obscenely rich or improve the quality of life for the rest of us.
Wrong.   The rich pay taxes to get the tax cuts.   The poor who have tons of kids pay very little or nothing.   47% pay no income taxes.  Let me know when you are ready to pay the same taxes as the rich.   How about a straight flat tax.  You in or are you too greedy to pay?
Everyone pays social security tax. Except the rich after $128,700. And you don't pay it on investments (how the rich make most of their $).
Only the people working LEGAL jobs pay SS tax.  Many do not work and many work under the table.   I guess you forgot that fact.
A few more than were at Trump’s inauguration?!?!?
It’s sad that teachers have to march just for wages that should be more then any Senators or Congress person. Their jobs (teachers) are vital part of futures in America! Senate n Congress should be made to live on a teacher’s salary. They have no idea.
It’s really about funding education. Funding for education has dropped dramatically and teachers want the funding to return to 2008 levels. It’s about our kids as well as teacher salaries.
Agreed!
Average teacher salary is $39/hr
$311 per work day.
$56,000 per year.
22 paid holidays. They work 180 days per year.
On average, teachers get a paid holiday every 8 work days. #FactsFirst
Please note you are talking adverage salary, not so in the southern states. The cost of living has been jumping up not the teachers salaries. They spend at least 8-10% of their pay to classroom needs. Their pay has been stagnant.
If you don't like the wages don't become a teacher
I think they decided to stop teaching because their wages have been declining as their experiences increases. I hope you are in a red state.
Red state or blue state doesn't matter. Don't like the pay then quit. I make more than a teacher does working in the prison system
You don’t think teachers deserve better pay?
YOU'RE PART OF THE 1%

DONATE YOUR MONEY TO THEM
How in any way possible is he part of the 1%? Please explain

It’s hideously shortsighted and so harmful to our posterity, our children and our grandchildren and so on, if you don’t care for those who teach them. An educated populace is our most important asset.
Beautiful words. Thanks so much. It was an amazing day. I pray it will pay off in the classroom.
Rise up teachers and students. Rise!
The No Child Left Behind Act is the longest oxymoron ever written. I began my teaching career in 1986. Teachers were allowed to teach. Standardized testing is now the end all and the be all. Evaluation is supposed to be about learning how to better serve the needs of students.
Let's see who is receiving campaign contributions from education publishers. #AuditCongress
I have three granddaughter in school there, so I support the teachers. Actually, I supported the teachers in Oklahoma too, and I don’t have any grandchildren there.

Colorado Springs Colorado will be out in force tomorrow
Teachers salaries should start at 100k. Invest in the future!
Good teachers are priceless!
Bernie. As much as I agree with you. Let's hand it over to the young people.. We can guide them and advise them. But the future is theirs. Let them decide what kind of world they want to live in. We have almost ruined it.
Huh?
Meaning?
You’d like Bernie to bow out?
Nah! But I have greater believe in young people who don't take old "truths" for granted!
I currently live in Arizona and I have been absolutely blown away by the show of support from local businesses giving teacher and student discounts and hanging up sign showing their support in their businesses. Change is here! It's about time!
Even our kids went down to support
When you ran for president, you always encouraged Americans to speak up and protest for their beliefs.  Youth and educations are leading the way.  #abetteramerica.
But it never turns into votes. (Red State)
An actual education always turns into votes. That's why conservatives hate public education.
No doubt about that they don't want anyone to realize what their doing to them sad Sheep,
I SEE U AZ
I think i see you @xdeparturess !!
YES IM THE ONE WEARING RED lmao  (I was waiting all day yesterday to say that to someone) 
Lmao you can count on me, this whole movement is beautiful
Thank you Aaron!! Ya better be wearing red right now. AZ teachers need all the support we can get.
Maybe Arizona should send all the illegals to Vermont and you can show them how it is done.
Send em! We have some of the best schools here, where they can learn how Not to be a F*ck-head!
Actually BTV is quite diverse. Many cultures in our schools and we have some of the highest taxes in the country. There's fair housing for those who do work and pay their fair share. We're not perfect by any means but we don't throw shit on others to make ourselves look good.
Great.  Lets import the illegals and you can show us how your model system works.   Liberals idea of diversity is 98% rich whites,  1% rich Asians and 1% rich blacks.
They’re marching for a pay raise
And a raise in funding. Education gets cut frequently and it generally isn’t reimbursed. Cuts are also typically permanent. When your funding is cut multiple times it takes a toll. That’s why teachers buy pencils; because schools can’t afford to.
25-year AZ Teacher -- it was the best day ever!!
We are proud of AZ teachers making history for our children!
#ThisIsWhatDemocracyLooksLike
So proud of my daughter, 1st year teacher. And ashamed this is her introduction to the battle for adequate resources for our children.  Give our kids the education they deserve!!  Most important role-parents. 2nd most important-Teachers!  #REDforED  @dougducey
Thank you, Senator Sanders, for your constant support for teachers. I was proud to wear my red shirt with "Teacher" emblazoned across the front in Phoenix today. 
@SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr @realDonaldTrump even red states are wising up to @gop low tax BS #VoteBlue2018 #voteoutgop
#Bernie2020
Now imagine them all at work, armed with guns........ #NeverAgain
They won’t buy us chairs. What makes you think they will buy teachers guns and more importantly train us. I’m a combat vet, so I have NO issue carrying a gun. But most of my coworkers have NEVER fired a weapon. We’re protesting for FUNDING!
Eliminate the US Dept of Education and give that money to local school districts. As the @usedgov budget increased, local budgets decreased and student competitiveness in the world mkt declined. Simple. Not easy, but simple.
US education budget would not cover the cost.
Agreed. But it’s a good start and a step towards correcting a mistake.
Well blue states could stop funding red States if we did away with us department of education.
Are you not a millionaire?
So is Warren Buffett and he has been asking to be taxed more for years.     Many millionaires don't think they pay enough in taxes.
Even though I dropped out and wasn’t the best student in school I had some of the best teachers anyone can ask for and they really truly cared for their students, I just wish they’d get paid better.
I applaud these marchers. Now, if only they were wearing blue.
Red for ed sounded better. In our hearts and, more importantly, at the ballots we’re blue through and through.

People in #WV keep proving they're ready for a political revolution. 

 We need to help share info about .…
North Carolina educators hear you and support you!  We’re heading to Raleigh on May 16 for the same.  #itspersonal
It’s such poor reflection on our generation that teachers have to  march #TeachersStrike for our children instead of the parents voting for people who couldn’t care less about them!
Hey @sensanders I will be glad to take over for @BetsyDeVosED after Trump leaves office.
#RedForEd
Great news.  An issue close to your heart.   I hope your state does it too.
We're all with you in 2020.
I live in AZ. What this state has done to teachers and kids is appalling. Teachers deserve to make a living a kids deserve resources in the classroom.
I live here in Arizona.  Bravo to all the teachers out there today in 94 degree weather.
so that is not a MAGA rally?
#NoMoreTrump
Real change would be not transferring teacher pension money to private equity billionaires to manage, enriching them further!  Hello??
its the crazy old coot
support @CathyMyersWI
We're going to beat the Republican billionaires and flip #WI01 by organizing the teachers and students who are demanding change to protect our schools and communities.

…
That’s more people than Trumps inauguration 
I wonder if Arizona's Teachers are seeing red and turning blue?
Funny you're talking about handouts...

I honestly don't know how Ducey got elected. During his campaign he refused to go to a debate at the U of A because he knew his feet were going to be held to the fire about cutting education. When he got elected he did cut education and gave $100,000,000 to private prisons.
Come on you know how he got elected. The Koch brothers bought him.
Ya, how much money does someone really need? Why do they have to suck every damn dime off of society instead of helping? Their money is just sitting in banks doing nothing and helping no one. The question was obviously rhetorical greed is why.
And you want our tax dollars  (not yours)to pay for it.Tell me this,If I grossed $1000.00 per week,what would my take home be,after I have paid for all these Socialist programs you want ? My answer $250.00.When we all decide to live off entitlements,where will $ come from then ?
So the Political driven 
bloated Military Complex
is where you want your tax dollars to go?
You who NEVER Served supports their pillage of the coffers most.
False statement Bernzy.
how is this statement false.
Because this has nothing to do with a political agenda of the red vs blue party. There are people on both sides of the spectrum that love our teachers and understand it’s the right thing to do investing in our future.
You taught us good.
Wow!!! So many teachers that deserve better pay and the educational tools to do their jobs. Its horrible that this is the only way to get what they need.
To save public schools we need to drastically shrink the Pentagon budget. The Iraq war alone cost six trillion. There is not enough money for both endless corporate wars & public education.
From WV, be courageous and make sure they know you will be voting!
Nothing is still going to change.
We have a Gov&Gov that have voted to cut our funding time&again. They have voted to take away some rights to unionize? Etc etc Yet we still marched in that hellish heat. Many teachers falling out with heat injuries. So how about some positive attitude?
you undersrand schools are funded at the state and local level, right?   Calling them "red states" is kind if irrelevant here.
It’s not that red anymore
idiot Bernie.
Raise taxes on Rich Dems and give us po Rs free stuff.
I don’t think the taxes or the “free stuff” differentiate if you’re Dem or “R”.
The big difference if you are paying for the free stuff and someone else is receiving it.   Notice how Dems always support high taxes for everyone but themselves?    Do they differentiate the 99% from the 1% or is everyone the same?
R they aLso NRA supporterz? 
What does wanting an increase in school funding have to do with supporting the NRA?
#RedState 
Stick to your state! You have no idea what is really going on with AZ school funding!!!
We need major reforms here in Arizona and in the country hopefully we can get govorner @dougducey out. It’d be helpful if you came down and campaigned for progressives. Also if you run in 2020 which I hope you do it’s a good time to start getting Arizona on your side.
Bernie, this sign caught the attention of dozens of tourists in front of the White House Friday. They love you and can still feel the Bern... I was shouting out: "THIS IS WHAT DEMOCRACY LOOKS LIKE. @DNC, @USSenate @USSenateWatch

#BlueWaveComing2018 thanks to Bernie!! #Bernie2020
Thanks president Sanders
Funny, the organizers say it’s not about politics, and I know for a fact that the Educators’ message is supported by folks in AZ of all political persuasions. But what we hear from Senator Sanders, an east coast career politician, is divisive and counterproductive...
Thanks for the tweet!  We want change and what’s best for kids. Education in AZ has taken a backseat for too long! #RedforEd
Where is @BetsyDeVosED in all this?? Counting her billions while hard working well under appreciated educators are making their voices heard!
Thank @SenSanders for speaking up for our teachers. #Red4Ed #hope
Unfortunately, the changes in Oklahoma after walk-out are being erased. And so soon. November cannot get here fast enough.
Needs to happen everywhere. We need to have our teaches be paid well and their supplies for the students funded by taxes. #liviablewage #teachers #redforred
Fight-fight —go teachers these States should be shame of themselves ~~~~VOTE DEMOCRATIC——Next Election
#SupportTeachers
This is what November elections will look like!
#Red4Ed Yes, Arizona!
So proud of our teachers. Hoping to get Arizona to purple this  November!
#Knowledge is power and our #teachers don’t get the respect or economic benefits that should come with it. They deserve better.
Beautiful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Like supporting the local teacher Union. Everybody should have vouchers.
Tell’em Senator!!  Don’t let Koch Industries control the narrative
Brilliant #goteachers #changeacomin
Good to see them get some exercise 
Wow, Wow that's awesome. Kudos. Best.
Parents of 800,000 kids are watching these fools turn down a 20% raise while abandoning their class.
We dislike what we see.
Imagine how the schools could have used all the money pissed away investigating imaginary Russia bots and the #MuellerInvestigation
This is Bernie Sanders "Poor" friends little shack Joe Biden ALL OF YOU CARE ABOUT THE POOR HYPOCRITES
My aunt jen has a bigger house than that and she makes about 120,000 a year
you're aunt Jen doesn't have 1/4 mile driveway and another home on the estate and your aunt Jen doesn't live in Wimington
Keep voting against self interest you get to keep buying chairs,books and other school supplies out of you own pocket. I’m sure you can make that $300 a week go further. Idiots deserve everything those Red State Govt gives them. Keep marching !! 
First of all nobody is spending $300 a week on school supplies. Secondly conservatism (red states) is the definition of voting for self interest, while liberalism is more along the lines of voting for everybody’s interests.
1st the $300 was her paycheck amount. 2nd exactly right self interest but not the idiot poor peeps right, 3rd that’s what the Govt is for all peeps interest. So keep cut rich mans taxes and keep marching ,don’t realize how right U R, u explained exactly why the idiots r poor.
There’s no right and left on this issue. It’s our future. There’s no teacher making $300 in a pay period and paying for students chairs with them. To keep voting against self interest by the definitions we just laid out would be a liberal vote. Your tweets have too many holes pal
The teacher put a copy of her paycheck out in the public. You RWNJ’s try a lie and spin your way out of the truth. Fact it all your Red States r ruled by trickle down policies that’s why they are the poorest states in the nation. So keep cutting taxes teachers will not be alone
Only truth being spun here is by you trying to make this a red vs blue issue. It’s about our future there are so many people in AZ on both sides of the political spectrum that support the #redfored cause. But of course as an outsider you can’t see past political agendas.
I’m glad teachers  are standing up for their self and people are finally listening  (their not just teachers) their people our children  look up to on a constant basis and their role models for our kids
Hallejulia!!!

Inglewood California is next up on the strike docket

#InPictures | #RedForEd The movement spreads to Colorado, with thousands of teachers in Denver walk out of class demanding higher pay and funding. Photos: @CassaMN @DonnaLynneCO @MsGrissom @jazroe 
Thanks to all the educators who are marching for fair wages & better conditions for their students.  Students need to join & march with them to save our education system before Betsy DeVoss totally destroys it.  Never quit or give in to intimidation.  So proud of you all!
we are red! Red4Ed!!!
The Irony of people voting against their own best interest.  Are we GREAT yet?
Pay attention to the details! We voted for a school bond for millions of dollars to improve our district schools, the schools got THAT money and then the city gutted funding from the schools in other areas so it was a wash in the end! A$$holes!
The rising tide of teachers!!! 
This should be a BIG clue that priorities are really messed up on what funds should be used for!
Republicans are treasonous scum.
fewer weapons, more education
Ty you Bernie! You inspire us
Standing strong with those who are fighting for the future generations!!  Go Teachers!
I Support the teachers 100 percent!
Teachers are professionals and they deserve the best pay.
We’re going to be a swing state soon :)
I am so proud of Arizona teachers! I proudly marched in CA with my fellow teachers and we made a difference. Never underestimate your power and tenacity teachers.
The revolution begins with children and teachers.
Still more than Trump’s inauguration.
Look at the Tax foundation map&u find those red states r dependent on federal$ paid by blue http://states.Red  States reject vouchers&http://capitalism.Red  states=Bible+hand gun+dependence on federal$.
Proud student in support of #RedForEd
This is also happening in CO today which is a blue state! Red and Blue waste money and screw teachers! Stop acting like this is a partisan issue! #DivisiveSanders
As a product of public schools, and a teacher in a public school, I’m not sure I understand how funding public schools requires a fight; it should be a fundamental part of running the country. Education should be equitably funded, and well-funded.
@SenSanders can make a state turn any color he wants because he’s an independent
More money for what ?? The education system in this country is abysmal , it needs a complete overhaul.
Oh quit trying to force yourself into the conversation.  You have nothing to do with Arizona so please go be a pretend Democrat somewhere else.
I heard it was a crowd of 75,000 !
yes i am proud of my fellow Arizonian teachers DON`T GIVE UP
Senator your tweet makes no sense-It’s not about funding for schools-We have overrides, passed bonds-supposedly the state lottery goes to schools-it’s about school districts & their administrators-money never makes it to the teachers-we have 58 district in our cnty=huge waste
58 school districts in one county! Some have only one school!Consolidate the districts remove top heavy administrators & duplicated services and there would be more than enough money for the teachers-why hasn’t the problem been fixed-no state leaders and too many administrators
Over 95 school districts in the state-you can’t tell me that consolidation of resources & removing duplicated expenses reduction in Administrative costs =more than enough money for our teachers to earn what they should be paid!It’s not lack of money- get leadership & reduce admin
Time to retire and find a hobby.
Solidarity forever!
50k teachers. Most with the support of our administrators. Our kids deserve more.

I love how all you ppl in redStates fear the word #socialism as if you aren’t on #welfare funded by blueStates…  
A thank you would be nice…
Shut up and go away.
@SenSanders PROFESSIONAL TWEETERS aren’t the SHARPEST PENCILS in the BOX... LOL 
Teachers are helping to save our nation! 
Funny ain't it how there's always plenty of money for unnecessary wars and occupations, particularly if there is oil involved, and so very little money ever available for social programs that do good and help people?
Funny how the teachers union backed Hillary the day she announced her candidacy
Oklahoma gas been strapped by conservative bullshit for decades, the people have been dogged, and still beleive in thier dumb politicians. They bankrupted the State of Oklahoma and cant do anything other than legalize weed now. What a freaking joke. Governer of Oklahoma is lame.
And for our adolescents too!
GO OFF KING
How much did az hand out to billionaires in 2017 and 2018?  How many billionaires are in az? 10?  What was their net income total?  What if you taxed it at 100% how much would you get?
If I was an AZ politition I think I would be a little worried.  That's a lot of upset people.
"Lesser Than" &or Equal, Just Different: Trump/DeVos &or Hillary? Leaks Show Super-Wealthy School Privatizers Sought to Influence Hillary https://bit.ly/2HsmUKZ  Powell Jobs close w/Clintons since '90s_sat w/DeVos on Board of Bush Excellence in Education—Billionaire “roundtables”
How do you argue with somebody who considers everyone else's money THEIRS first?
BERNIE won't talk about corruption HE BACKED HILLARY
Sellout Bernie, are you now trying to get teachers on your side?
Arizona can’t support the children due to the high number of illegals that do not pay their ‘fair share’


The government solution to a problem is usually as bad as the problem.  - Milton Friedman
Hey Bernie why do you and Nomi want kids like #AlfieEvans do die? #AlfiesArmy
Bernie why don’t you continue your speech about free healthcare? Does the UK killing a baby because he’s too expensive to keep alive she’d light on how awesome it is?
Yay for them!
They turned their noses up at a 20% raise. But, sure, it’s for the kids. 
Yes Bernie you are right. We should steal from the wealth. And if they don't hand over THEIR money, we should just flat out take it from them. Who the hell do they think they are running successful business and employing people. How dare they. You show them!
"Free."

I guess you only dismiss “red states” as unwinnable when you don’t win them. Love, a Southern Democrat
No one was dismissing red states. He just pointed out that he did better in the states we needed to carry in the immediate upcoming election, such as as Wisconsin and Michigan. Your beef is with the electoral college.
You mean he did better in majority white states that we needed, even as he dismissed Democratic voters in states where 80-90% of Dem primary voters are black as “too conservative.”
Try telling Hawaii it’s majority white. And quit trying to make a point about the electoral college racist. It undermines actual anti-racist work.
Oh, I’m sorry, I could’ve sworn you brought up Wisconsin and Michigan and states that were actually in question in 2016.

Like sands shifting through the hour glass, though, you jump to Hawaii to contort the Bernie Bro logic even more.
How come all career politicians like your are multi millionaires, Bernie?
His Net worth is 600K, he made that with his senator salary and selling his book. Stop smearing Bernie for being a honest earner of his small wealth.
CNBC and http://Time.com  say  Bernie Sanders is one of the 1%.  NYTimes-  members of Congress are mostly Millionaires.  CBS News-Congress is a club that consists of 245 millionaires.  Not a “smear” just facts.
Like I said he made his wealth the Honest way by selling books and not by selling himself to the highest bidder. Bernie is an honest man that is fighting the corruption in this country, specifically Trump’s pay to play antics with his global Trump Org
You must have had a typo.. by pay to play you must mean Clinton
Clinton & Trump, you really think Saudi Arabia isn’t funneling money at Trump Gulf course in SA for Influence? Or all of the thousands of $ global leaders are paying at Trump hotel in DC? They haven’t released financial records and same w/Jared. Trump is corrupt.
No
You know they bout it bout it if they're marching in 95 degree weather.
Bernie - how about the idea of single payer in the UK? Alfie Evans a baby is denied care by the gov’t. Italy even said it would take in the baby and the Pope even asked the UK but the gov’t is the decider. No single payer for me - Bernie!!
You mean they want more Leftists propaganda, or more safe zones?
Probably more funding. Yes. It’s definitely more funding.
Keep taking your handouts Bernie and fighting the good fight #hypocrite
Why aren't they teaching our kids?
Because they're too busy indoctrinating them for the Communist Democrats...
Taxpayer funded employees demanding more money is stolen from people, including themselves, to get a bigger paycheck. Of course you'd love that.
Says the guy that is under federal investigation for defrauding a university. Classic.
Maybe they're the good kind of red, Bernie ;)
That is why you get such big donations from teachers union. We spend the 2nd most amount of $$$ per student but results are 17 in results. Throwing more $$ at it will not fix problems.

interesting, we dole out more dough for each child than any other country and we get bupkis for it, and you want to throw more dough at it? no way.
The teachers deserve enough of a salary to earn a living on. Why don’t you volunteer to live off their salaries and spend the extra money they have shelled  out for basic supplies for a year? You raise a family on their salary doing one of the most important jobs for our future
maybe they should try to earn their pay instead of SJW crap try teaching reading, writing, and arithmetic... if you're not in it for the kids then get out. we spend more per child on school than any other country in the world, and we are still at the bottom.
You’re clueless. They are in it for the children but their hands are tied  by government mandates on teaching/testing and haters like you. Did some teacher punish you and make you vindictive?
1) I agree that the federal Gov. needs to get out of the way, but 2) the "teachers", while some are in it for the kids, are for the most part to busy being SJW's and trying to tell everyone that they need a safe place and don't talk about God. 1/2
Why are you blaming teachers? It’s parents and our vindictive society that are tying their hands. If they discipline kids, talk about God etc people complain and they are brought up for disciplinary action. Just your attitude enforces they are doing one of the most thankless jobs
I would agree with you on the lack of parenting skills, but the teachers are to busy teaching the kids to sing songs about Obama and teaching perversion and "tolerance" to the kids.
What?? Well you have lost all credibility with this tweet. You sound unhinged. My kids have spent 30 years combined attending schools and never once did they sing a song about Obama or were taught “perversion” You also can open enroll anywhere if you are unhappy with your school.
Why are people surprised? Marches are great but their votes would have been more important. Remind me...who did they vote for?
Probably not the teachers who voted R.
Many of these teachers are Mexican loyalists who teach our kids hate for our history and guilt for their consciences. I wouldnt reward that...some vetting needed.
So you’re saying people of color have never faced racism in this country so we shouldn’t learn about it? Or that they have but we shouldn’t learn about it?
I fail to see what you're referring to in my tweet which was not explicit in definition You are just making assumptions for your convenience.
I for one like keeping more of MY money.
Not a billionaire
#TaxationIsTheft
You get more back in services because of economies of scale. Your tax dollars go towards nice economic boons like food subsidies and public infrastructure.
I'm aware how they work. I despise everything about this fraud's message.

I pay my taxes. For him or anyone else to suggest me keeping more of my money as being some kind of crime is insulting.
where are all the rubber bullets and tear gas?
At least they haven’t in 70 years or so
they just did in #France and if @EmmanuelMacron has his nose in @realdonaldtrump asshole... it can happen here easily! #maga
I think of police shot teachers with rubber bullets there would be a huge uproar.
Yeah maybe... but they have really brainwashed the nation....
As someone who has walked more than a few picket lines in my time, the public is always overwhelmingly pro. 
I just don’t see it happening
So you’re against public education?
You can’t reason with someone who says things like “demonrats” 
Well when the democrats want to take this Constitutional Country from freethinking  people to a communist government for and by itself I have a problem. And they promote everything that's wrong in any society? watch this
Why don't you want to here the truth about your ignorant moraless treasonous thieving party. In time I believe it will all come out anyway.  And Communism is control of what people think do or even eat healthcare free speech guns freedom and liberty isn't that the democrats party
It's because Democrats run the school systems 
Not in Arizona they don’t.
Yes they do.
No they don’t. The Arizona legislature also controls school budgets.
Have you ever heard of Teacher's Unions?
Teachers unions don’t control school budgets or teachers salaries, the state does, since both consist of taxpayer dollars.  Go bore someone else with your stupidity.
You're not very well informed are you?
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.dailycaller.com/2017/12/26/nearly-450000-people-fled-these-three-deep-blue-states-in-2017/ …     So Red States are the problem? Explain this
Red states traditional spend less on education than blue. I believe that was his point.
My meaning is that blue states are not faring much better when they hike their taxes to a point where people can't afford to live there anymore. There is no reason at all why state and local taxes for the average american should exceed 10,000$
Tax rate in my state of PA is 3% local, 3% state. If I paid $10,000 in state/local I’d be making $150K per year. If I had to give up 10K per year to make sure kids got proper funding and teachers were paid well I think I could afford it
Seriously if you can’t live on $100K after all your taxes are taken out then that’s your fault not the governments
That's not how it works for the average person in these states. 3.5 million people didn't leave states like New York and Illinois over the last decade because of the weather. Their state and local governments are making it so that these people have no choice but to leave
So you’re saying we shouldn’t fund public education?
I didn't say that. What the senator was saying was that red states like arizona should follow the steps of blue states, which based on their out migration this past decade, people don't seem to support those policies
Please join us in front of the capital building in Phoenix this week, Bernie. Your support in this movement means the world to us.
Love you Senator Sanders. Keep fighting for the middle and working classes.
Yeah Bernie, where is the lottery $$$ that was suppose to be for schools go?? Where did social security $$$ go? This has been an issue for a long time on both sides of the isle. I am sure you were one of the ones who voted to “steal” the social security 
$$$ years ago
At least while they are out of school they may be learning something useful.
Bernie loves the DNC .
They look like thousands of little fire ants?
Was the crowd as big as the inauguration crowd?  Hahaha
That is an untrue statement.  The rich have nothing to do with this.  Try a new line. Bernie
They deserve a raise not the billionaires. The poor need help not the wealthy.  TRUMP'S idea of helping the poor only means helping the wealthy, not the people who really need it.
Wtg Bernie!
