
socialism doesn't require redistribution.
What is wealth? How does one obtain it?
Wealth is the means of production which is to produce more capital. You can acquisition it through what is our current monetary exchange system. You could inherit it or  in utah since government lands were up for grabs make a prospectors claim but mind you that you still pay.
Interesting concept.. but who do you acquistion  from?
Can I pack up and live in your house now?
You just don't know how this really works, or you are trying to steal other peoples money
you have to prove that. also i know all about this.
Go Bernie!
     Go teachers!
Thank you, Bernie. We do it for the kids. That's it!
You folks in Colorado have a great choice for Congress in the Primary. @Vote4Levi His opponent is Wallstreets pick.. get out and work and give.
If our education system were better, republicans would get less votes...
Not sure what you mean by better, but our education system is about a liberal brainwashing as it can be.
Imagine shitting on education as a whole because of an unfounded belief that education is “liberal ran”.

Didn’t realize you had to be liberal to be knowledgeable.
Unfounded?! Wow it is blatantly in your face. The proof is in almost every school and college everywhere.
So because educated people tend to be liberal...

You’re asserting that education MUST BE ran by liberals with an agenda?

That’s called conjecture.
It is not because educated people tend to be liberal... it is because the  education system is blatantly liberal agendized. It’s called fact
If it’s fact, you can support it with actual evidence AND NOT CONJECTURE.
The actual evidence is at the schools. If you can’t see it you’re ignorant or blind. I’m not walking you to a school to show you.
.. .. ..
I wish you were POTUS
Amen to that 
Right you are @SenSanders! Thank you for continuing to speak out on the issues that matter  #FeelTheBern
Allie Evans in the UK is a perfect example of why socialized health does not work. If it was the royal baby, ALL OPTIONS WOULD BEEN PURSUED because he is not us normal citizens!  Single payer simply means WE the ones in charge will decide who gets care.
It's a shame when the people in power can afford private jets, 30,000 dollar desks, etc.  Yet none of them thinks it important to support our teachers and children, what is happening is disgraceful,they shouldn't have to work 5 jobs
Shut up Bernie. We're not listening to you any longer.
Ok Bernie we will empty the prisons in your neighborhood. Ok that’s what I thought.
The schools are and have been failing because of liberal running the system. California is what 41st. Perfect example.  Parents should have school choices. NOT law makers who send their kids to private schools and the best college's.  Hypocrite.  Teachers are not worthy of pay up
Once again it's like people act like this is a new thing point the blame at the current administration. You act like all of the sudden are schools got bad. News flash it's been like this for a while. Although I agree with Bernie let's get a real about situation.
Trump promised he’d fix everything and he’s not.  @BetsyDeVosED is certainly not going to make the public school system better.
@denisemusicmad1 Agreed, but free tuition doesn't pay the bills.Ive been using gov. healthcare (VA), and it sux...socialism sux
Well, as a low income single mom I’d never be able to afford to send my kids to college or co-sign. Fortunately I do have healthcare but for the many who dont, sucky healthcare is better than none 
Most small colleges are covered thru tuition assistance, though it may mean going to a small college close to home....i think the answer lies in lowering rates, not increasing tax burdens.....
I’ve already done the fasfa calculator for community college and I’d still have to pay at least 10k out of pocket for 2 years just there nevermind the next 2 years. It should be free if you make under 40k a year. Or else, poor people kids also end up poor. And that’s no good.
Bernie, stop voting for test and punish bills. Research shows it doesn’t work. Poverty is the driver of low test scores. Charters/vouchers drive segregation, and do not solve the problem - only exacerbate it. That’s how you can really support teachers!
Allowing all families, regardless of socioeconomic status, to choose what schools their children attend drives segregation how?
Read the research. They take fewer kids with special needs, fewer second language learners, children with low test scores.. They kick out “trouble makers’ (aka children of color). Charters/vouchers are doing this. And then there’s the myriad financial scandals.
Could you share the research with me? Some schools do this, therefore all charter schools are bad? Sounds terribly close-minded and judgemental of you.
“Invest” is a secret word for “spend” more money and raise taxes instead of fixing the problem, as in, restore the family, discipline, and respect.
It sounds as though what you want is social engineering.  I thought you conservatives hated that.......lol.  I'll go with investing in education.
Hmmmm...Bernie didn't always value education OR teachers.
What is the source if this "quote"?
An article Bernie wrote. You can Google it.
You must not be aware that we already had the election and Bernie didn't get the nomination.  He may want to run again but he still won't get the nomination.  He's too old.  The party dies need to move his way though.
No shit.  Color me shocked. 

Pointing out the views he's espoused vs this tweet of his.
What ? this country is still in the dark ages when it comes to many things particularly education! Congratulating teachers ? why? they are only doing the job they are paid to do! Perhaps Teachers would have a greater success rate if they weren't so neurotic!
You don't know teachers very well. Anyone that becomes a teacher, especially now, is doing it because they enjoy teaching children and young adults. They have to take work home at night, and don't get paid for that, Most teachers do not get the proper compensation for hour worked
@kvnl756821....... ends up with People like Trump or the Clinton's
This is true! However, with what the Republicans have done on the Federal level and in Michigan on the State level, there is no longer any incentive for people to go into education and become teachers. As time passes, there will be a shortage of teachers.
Why is it that every time teachers ask for a raise, they have to strike to get it? Our system is WRONG!
Forcing energetic young men to sit in school for required Carnegie seat time will keep them out of jail? — it won’t!
Most boys are not suited for Talmud scholar lifestyle.  They can’t sit that long.
Real change time, not more money.
Common sense does not work in the White House
Sad that this is where we are when all we do is preach education is key to our kids. Our nation doesn't back it!
The biggest they to democracy is an uneducated electorate. Exhibit A is sitting in the oval office. Please, PLEASE, pay our teachers and find out schools. Maybe we could live with one less aircraft carrier
i was a teachers aid in my senior year in high school back in 2004, and i can defiantly attest that teachers are not given enough resources. i mean each teacher was only given one ream of paper, for the entire year! i can't imagine things have gotten any better since then 
Thank you for supporting teachers. They are so undervalued in this country and I know so from personal experience.
@POTUS admin. BAD. Not about schools (yet) but Ben Carson wants a 300% increase in rent to poor people. They already get 1/3 of my relative's disability check - 300% increase seems like it takes her whole check!!! Guess they don't need to eat, pay utilities or pay for medicine!
Reply to comments - Education is not political issue! ALL children have right 2 quality ed in clean,safe schools.  Put kids first - teachers do! Show respect.  Thanks, Bernie! from retired teacher
My district in Houston has a 60 million dollar deficit. We are under going many budget cuts. Hundreds of teachers have no idea what they will be doing next year. They are increasing class sizes and cutting positions. I’ve been here 29 years and have NEVER seen this. Scary!
That's what I've been saying for ever and finally started tweeting about it to some senators. Have you guys been reading my tweets
Teachers have always moved the world forward. The problem now is that public school teachers have their hands bound by govt scrutiny and a serious lack of funds that end up coming from their own low income pockets
Janus vs. AFSCME will destroy collective bargaining causing more teachers to strike. Too bad unions still have to represent these whiners!!!
It doesn't do that in the US Postal Service where collective bargaining survives voluntary membership and > 80% choose to join but I agree those who choose non membership should fend for themselves
Give teachers and their schools more funding for counselors, classroom resources, and salaries.
Notice the white house is no longer talking about arming teachers since they descended on Washington. 
#Feeltheburn Vincent Summer s and I agree with @ASlavitt
With your way of thinking, teachers shouldn't even be paid... free education.
yep keep on filling kids minds up with useless information that they will never use, that's why the world is such a mess, keep the mess going.

Senator:  Yes, public schools failing many children especially in inner cities.  Not about money.  We already spend more than any other country.  Need major reforms opposed by Socialists and teacher unions.  Vouchers, Merit Pay, Cutting Bureacracy, firing Bad Teachers.  JM
Can't make those kids study and learn. Those are the kids that dumb down the rest of our kids.
Education is the passport to the future ; for tomorrow belongs to those that prepare for it today “ MLK. we have a president that does not value education creates an unscrupulous Trump U and then selects Devos then maybe our future won’t belong to us after all  Enuff said”
Finally Berned out, something we can agree on. Wow! Long time coming.
You have been acting like a bystander for so long, you have forgotten you were elected to lead?
“A nation which doesn’t educate its children properly will fail.” This is true. And America now needs a whole new breed of teachers! The Alinsky-led left wing attack on education will end.  Privatize all Education. It’s possible. Think.
The US has been investing in our teachers and schools for many years. All we've received in return is indoctrinated kids unprepared for work and life.

Israeli general explains challenges of shooting children: "Sometimes when you shoot at a small body and you intended to hit his arm or shoulder, it goes even higher." http://bit.ly/2JhiGqa 
Just go away, Bernie,
No matter where the raise it all funnels back to you the employees to pay for it with your blood and sweat.
Bernie  $h [w me one successful socialist economy
money should go to the students not the teachers they already make too much for doing too little
Even with more funding, our public educational system will still be shitty.
We need to make a new system. 
Kids shouldn't have to go to a school to be educated with our current technology. Parents should be smart enough to help teach their own kids or they shouldn't be allowed to have children
Can't invest in anything if .0001% controls our elections.  Focus like a laser beam Sanders!!!!  You got one shot at Mount Rushmore - run with Lawrence Lessig!!!  We've got to clean up our campaign finance nightmare FIRST. (if you like, retweet)

Teachers are not allowed to discipline children properly because of political correctness & Government rules. Broken homes & foster care families who cannot or will not teach their kids properly do not help either. So, what are we left with? Society that deals with them later.
Not all teachers have low salaries. There are some states where I feel they are over paid, and get a fat pension besides bleeding most of their pensions from our property taxes.
Good idea shut down the courts,prisons,and do away with all law enforcement and we all can live happily ever after
Judging by the product that the United States education system produces, these teachers shouldn't get raises , they should get pink slips.
I would like to add something to what you are saying. If a person isn't encouraged by his family & friends to get a education & lacks motivation, then the best teachers & schools  can only save a few. Some overcome, some go to crime, some work hard for slave wages. some give up.
Amen
AMEN!!!!
School is mind rape
And you push Socialized medicine:  killing children!!
Bernie’s tweets don’t age well
Where is this geriatric geezer Crazy  Bernie & his stupid sidekick Nutty Nancy now? This double dose of dipstick a short while ago were accusing POTUS of antagonizing North Korean leader which would get…
Yes, the U.S. needs to start investing more time & energy into our schools! We must get ALL Republicans out of office so we can thrive like other countries do & NOT cut out Science, Math,History& Civics, Mental Health, Literacy, Bullying Prevention,Foreign Language etc.
Republicans aren't the Problem Socialism and the Democrats are.
Educated children means educated politicians. Bernie & Nina 2020
Totally agree, we should get rid of our U.S. Postal Service and sell all its assets to help fund a better school system.

Fix the educational system FIRST! No one wants Core Math!!! Teach the truth not this liberal garbage. History is history. Stop changing the facts. Parents are tired of fighting with the school boards. U talk about education start doing something about it.
So they can write sexist and disgusting stuff like you? Mr. Bernie „rape-fantasy“ Sanders?
Leading the way for all.
Ya higher pension funds that's going to really help our children. Raise taxes.Let as many illegal immigrants in, let them enroll there children in the schools and make the State pay for it.This is the Progressive Liberal Way. Oh and don't forget College indoctrination DEPLORABLE
I notice the fat-head, no-neck, ammo-sexual, racist, NRA douchebags NO LONGER WANT 2 GIVE U TEACHERS GLOCKS! LOL Y???
Says the schmuck that wants them to learn socialism....
Yes!!
Educate or Indoctrinate?
Yes more money is definitely the answer #UnlimitedResourcesBernie . You are most innovative.
#MoneyGrowsOnTreesBernie
The recent presidential election is an example of why we need to improve our children's education.
We spend far more on education then any other country. We need to start spending our education dollars smarter. We have college courses taught by video. Maybe incorporating more pre-recoded classes so the students can review at home and if a teacher is out the class continues.
Countless billions of dollars are wasted every year on the continually failing government (public) school system. We need more charter schools, vouchers, private schools and home schooling -- anything to counteract the failed, lumbering, socialist education machine.
Sanders where does all the money, thousands and thousands per student go? Unions, school administrators, unions pensions, corrupt officials!!!students don't get much if any!! You're a moron, talk is cheap
BERNIE2020
What union have you belonged to Bernie? What strike did you ever participate in? What did you give up for the cause Bernie?
All strikes are about more money. Don’t be fooled by the Liberals who say otherwise. I’ve been a Union Member and a Union Officer. I lost a whole career because the AFL-CIO wouldn’t back us when we went on strike. PATCO, 1981
I’m 12 years in to teaching and I’m starting to look to the private sector.
Yeah Bernie. Let’s let everyone out of our jail & move them to Vermont where I’m sure you can make sure they’re all comfortable & enjoying life on your welfare programs & free healthcare. Teachers deserve a raise. Looks like Ducey (AZ) is offering 20%.
Don't have children
Agree. Unfortunately many of the Ppl in those states vote down tax increases to fund education. They don’t like higher taxes. I guess you do get what you pay, or in this case don’t pay for.
If you really cared about children getting the best education, you'd be for getting rid of tenure. It incentivizes mediocre, sometimes horrible, performance from teachers
This is so true. When are we going to start? We have been doing this the wrong way for years.
#FeelTheBurn
Well deCos must exit quickly or there will be no school or teachers to teach....
It’s about time the states raise taxes into outer space like NY to pay teachers. Or quit your job and find one that pays more? Your not entitled your just a worker looking for a payday and kick ass retirement
How about we cleanup the social programs that are rife with abuse and use that money for schooling.
BE A MAN and call your dogs off Joy Ann Reid!
billionaires v teachers
who's gonna win? [video]
Universities no longer produce teachers,  they brainwash indoctrinators. Kids are being taught to problem solve anymore. Our education system is brocken.
Like your spell checker.
Please make a 3rd party!!!
So are you suggesting we incarcerate less criminals to save money for teachers? I agree teachers need more and better opportunities but comparing the plight of teachers to prisons doesn't make sense.
We better make sure cannabis taxes are earmarked for education and healthcare....gambling taxes didn't do much...
#AlfieEvansNeverAgain
And a proper and true education program.
Without lies, changing history and bigotry.
Not common core bullshit.  With students competing.

we just hope the world peace
Amen Bernie! I wish you could have been our president 
The first topic I agree with you on. I’m sure the HOW will be wildly different though. Economics and math are difficult for you.
I wish they’d stay on strike forever, then kids could get a quality education
Yes!...
I agree 100%
Agree!
We actually agree on most things as long as everything you say indicates that the states are responsible for doing so, and not the federal government. Change your message just a smidge in how you phrase it and we are in agreement a whole lot.
ANOTHER REASON, AS TO THE PLETHORA OF REASONS AS PER WHY, YOU NEED TO RUN AS AN INDEPENDENT CANDIDATE...!!!...RUN BERNIE, RUN BERNIE RUN IN 2020!!!
The collective bargaining agreement was the backbone of labor and a big part of this countrys success and the expansion of the middle class in the 20th century. Hope we are seeing a revival.
And job related curriculums
Your correct comrade Bernard! That's why we need to get more Conservative professors in our Universities and educational system!
A school district here in MA just paid 10K in bitcoin after receiving ransomware. I can only assume that the FBI is investigating. Considering the teachers strikes going on it makes me wonder if other districts received ransomware. This would be an effective block move.
Shoulda told Obama democrats logo when he hadv8 years .More proof Liberals are part of opressive problem
Alfie Evans Healthcare is what economic illiterate Bernie Sanders and the Democrats Want for you America. NEVER BELIEVE A WORD THEY SAY OTHERWISE!
Teachers union has already ruined this concept! Unions are bad for democracy but nobody seems to care. Tenure is something that works against everything since once a teacher is tenured they can’t be fired.
That inspires Brazil
What does money have to do with failing education? We spend $12,000.per student and look at the education they are receiving... I guess the left wing indoctrination we have had in the school system has failed miserably. As far as prison--DON'T commit a crime!!!!
Damn right ... pay teachers like pharmaceutical companies, doctors, lawyers... OUR CHILDREN deserve the best and TEACHERS are the foundation of providing and shaping our children in this world
Today's teachers are motivated to demand the right tools for their job, so that they can properly motivate their puplis to be their best now and later.
Bernie, you do make a point.  Yet, it must be properly phrased:
A nation will truly fail if the students are taught and indoctrinated into a liberal and progressive belief system.  THAT is a fact!
Sorry,
 Vous avez vu le Macron tactile avec Trump.
 Voici le Macron cassant, hier avec un manifestant dans les rues de Washington.
@PaulLarrouturou #Quotidien 
That’s correct however what are you doing to stop crime nothing cause you democract are the ones doing the crimes you are the ones doing the killings
Bam!

A video of Bernie Sanders telling a lie on camera about his tax returns.

Nixon & Cheney more transparent.  Why?…
THANK YOU PRESIDENT BERNIE.
Hey Bern we already spend $12,000 per child in elementary and middle schools. What results are we realizing by simply throwing money at schools in America?
We agree with you: Education instead Jails @nicolaspetroB @petrogustavo @angelamrobledo
BERNIE, we r a nation that does not educate it children properly and haven't for the past 50 years.  More money spent will never solve the problem.
Wacko Bernie at it again. Put him in a nut House!
Do you propose letting criminals free?
I would rather invest in myself, my family, and people I know that are going to spend the money wisely.  Not idiot corrupt politicians who have 3 houses and make over a million dollars lecture me on not paying my fair share when I pay more than you.
Oh brother.......
I forgot......you guys don't think I should control my life.  Bernie "The Bum" Sanders should.  Correct?
We don't want to control your life.  That would be the Republicans.  They don't really believe in Democracy or freedom.......unless you're big business or among the 1%.
That would be both of them. How blind can you be.
I'm not blind at all.  The fact that Democrats want protections, that are supported by the voters, written into the law doesn't mean they are trying to control everybody.  The Republicans want laws that support the haves over the have nots.
Yeah Democrats have done a bang up job for the lower classes in Chicago, Detroit and Baltimore. Those places are bastions of equality.
This is really great news, but where are your democratic  friends fighting for them?
If you aren't part of a union, or other type of organized labor, get involved! It'll improve your life sooooooooo much.
Thank you bernie sanders for contradicting yourself.
You’re confusing “educate” with indoctrination, which is what we all know, you really meant...
Bernie teachers don’t keep kids out of jail, parents do and it’s about time all parents teach their kids right from wrong. Not some liberal teacher.
Given our extremely expensive, yet failing public school system, we should be giving parents the freedom of SCHOOL CHOICE instead of wasting their hard earned money on corrupt public unions (your campaign donors).
Defend student and teacher whistleblowers in FL and across the USA.
Talk to the unions that have buried the largest districts in the country Bernie
Unions should stay out if decisions about what is taught and promotion of social issues.  When it comes to unions promoting good wages and working conditions for teachers I support them 100%.
Thank you for the support Bernie! #RedForEd
Science!
When you have a generation that can't spell, are grammar ignorant & can't understand basic math; they've failed! Oh wait, teachers arn’t allowed to fail these loosers or they'll get punished for being "insensitive."
The crazy old coot woke up from his nap
Too many “teachers” are more concerned about their Union and salary than their students.  Much has changed since many teachers joined unions and the intellectual level of our students compared to other industrialized countries has plummeted-no raise without improved intellect!
Ya those women. How do you feel about women Bernie?
Why are you posting this nonsense?  Can't compete with intelligent comments?
Think you identified why we are failing. Was that inadvertent?
Correct, prisoners belong on chains and a camp in the desert with tents like in Texas.  That's cheaper.
This article explains Y I left the system. It’s atrocious&I’m raising 2 kids. I hate the idea of them being in the public school systm&honestly private schools R not a good option either unless U make a lot of $. It’s horrific that our country is not paying enough attn 2education
No.  Jails protect the public.   School need to get rid of the Rot that is brainwashing our kids !  Leftist corruption and socialist teaching need to be uprooted,  teacher who teach such should be removed ,  God needs to come back to our Schools and Country
Maybe you need to look at all the government employees like you the have made millions keeping people down
And send drug users to treatment until they stop or die.
The real solution is school choice

Greed is why they protest!
They barely work a 1000 hours a year and get paid as a full-time employee.
They have better pay benefits and pensions then most American taxpayers.
The union most belong to should be prosecuted under Rico
What is the latest with Bernies school scamming wife? Socialists are wizards at extorting & spending other people's money with " boondoggle" results.
Eliminate redundant positions.  Consolidate school districts. Increase the use of "today's technologies" for learning. Reduce crime, especially assaults in our schools. Eliminate job protections for poor performers. It is a cost control issue first....
Nice words Bernie, but our standards for education has been in decline for 5 decades now. The children in this country are only functionally literate, lacking critical thinking and communication skills. You have been of no benefit in moving this country forward, only in failure.
I don't really believe your comment is true.  My kids went through our education system and have done quite well.  If some kids aren't doing that well I think there may be other reasons why that's happening. Conservatives just love to attack public education.
No, conservatives do not love to attack education, public or private, we value it! As for your kids doing well....good grades are not necessarily good indicators of a good education. They could be learning how to goose step, as long as they do it well, they get a good grade.
As I said, conservatives live to attack public education.  They're ok with private schools. And considering that two of my children graduated from universities with honors it seems likely that their public education was good.  Your view is a bit twisted.
Again, they are taught only to perform a function, not to think about what they are doing, or why they are doing it. They will make great goose steppers for the progressive liberals.
Your comment is not based on facts and your comment about goose stepping is nonsensical and stupid.  Republicans are the fascist goose steppers who don't really believe in democracy. Try to know what you're talking about.

Teachers are leading our children to a pit of despair and throwing them in
Ok Bernie, how come schools are so bad in Blue States? Chicago? Oakland? Los Angeles? So far your record blows. #Saturdaythoughts
Who is in jail? What is the population like at San Quentin?
Victim vs Victor..... WOKE
Jails and incarceration are not the opposite of teachers and schools you numbskull.  It’s not an either / or analogy.  So what is your proposal Bernie?
All they’re teaching is liberal politics at this point.
Teachers are everything!!!!
We need competent teachers and better curriculums. Then evaluate the students.  Then we can talk about better pay.
I see that you are still a threat to the Trumpettes, an excellent indicator of how vulnerable they really feel. Sorry for
 the morons throwing eggs, but keep up the good work. High goals for America are what makes us proud.
And rehab
The result of Right-wing MOST HARM TO THE MOST PEOPLE agenda
Attack the future by undermine education
We know it
Don't want to see it
BELIEVE ME, it's a problem
No unions! Keep all of your salary. Bernie, you’re hypocrites, the salary comes from government and teacher in 2018 still requires out side bargaining representation. It’s a joke, you do nothing so teacher have to strike against you hypocrite!!!!!!!!!!!@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
Bernie to those who want illegal immigrants to stay must take them in their homes provide for them financially their foods healthcare roof over their heads and anything they need. They are thriving and we are poorer. Follow the law Bernie or resign.
What you really said was children not filled with propaganda will not grow up to believe in the fantasy of socialism. It has never ended well for the little guy. The elites such as your self make out pretty good leaching off fool hardy beliefs of the foolish.
Typical Sanders remark...let criminals out of jail and use those funds for education.  Does this anti-American ever make sense or think thru his comments before speaking/tweeting.
Are children are not getting the education they need bec of illegal immigrants.  The funds that our children for education is being shared to them. Not only that our children needs are being ignored bec teachers are more focused to give illegal immigrants children more attenrion.

Bernie , you and your fellow officials that actually care should prepare for the replacement of teachers by ai
Ensuring everyone gets a GREAT education and EXCEPTIONAL healthcare means EVERY citizen will have the smarts and well being to be able to contribute MORE to society & the common good instead of only those who aren't sick and/or dumb. What kind of world do we want? Heaven or hell?
Refugee mentality, all about entitlements.  Go get the things you want .
You fail to see the big picture.  It's not about me wanting things for free. It's about the country being as healthy and educated as possible so EVERYONE can contribute to solving the problems. The healthier and more educated we are, the stronger our country is as a whole.
We wouldn't need as many jails if ppl like you started holding other's accountable for their actions, instead of making up excuses why they broke the law in the first place. The moral character bar has been set so low by Democrats that an ant couldn't limbo under it.
You got a raise now carry a gun and shut up.  Do ur jobs.
Well Bernie it would be great if they taught kids history so the future generations wouldn’t think socialism is a viable option. Has failed wherever tried.
They don't need history to know about Socialism.  It currently exists all over the world except here.  So it clearly is a viable option.  Although not one you would choose.
