You broke it, Bernie. Now you own it.
Actually that would be Hillary's fault
Huh? I thought she lost the election?
Yeah, she lost the election to a orange buffoon! She's a horrible politician and should go away!
Get over her! She did go away.
Comments like this make her stronger and they give her supporters strength. They know they are getting to you.
Not really, the only people that still support her are old wealthy white women who don't understand the daily struggles of average Americans.
We need to stop this now
Bernie please lead an INDEPENDENT 3rd PARTY for CANDIDATES who refuse CORPORATE funding so they may PROTECT LIFE on EARTH from greedy 1%, instead of only protecting their PROFITS.
This is why the h*** we need you to run
He's already tried that. Thankfully, the American people are smart enough not to let him even become a factor.
Pres. Obama already got us into the Syrian war, in case you haven't noticed. Pres. Trump is about to end it.
Mission Accomplished! Pfft lol. What a hilarious misunderstanding.
Well Hell, Bernie didn't know we've already had troops fighting there for years.
Actually at every benchmark there's a video of Bernie denouncing it.
Is it hard to be that oblivious to reality? I mean you really have to try and go out of your way to meaningfully ignore facts.
4-13-2018 "Will get us into another war" Wake up. We've been in it for years.
Where have you been?
Don't hurt yourself B Money, I know thoughts and coherent arguments are a bit of a strain. I wish you would step back from that ledge my friend, 
You could cut ties with all the lies, that you've been living in, 
And if you do not want to see me again, I would understaaaaaaaaand.
I warned everyone!   No one listens.
Have you seen the news coming from the Korean Peninsula? Through Trumps “ignorance and arrogance” there has been major progress toward lasting peace and denuclearization.
I forgot to ask, is the FBI still investigating your wife? Wait, I'll Google my question. The answer is.............. Yes, something about loan fraud which resulted in the school she worked for to close. The investigation is still on going. No charges yet.
You're Right Bernie!
Democrats/socialists would rather let ISIS win, Iran and Korea get nukes and reset world Russia- you have jeopardized the freedom of the entire world. You call The President ignorant then what you have done is malpractice!
Ours too. Signed The Rest of the world. He has lowered everything to his level . America is bereft of dignity and measure
Step down Bernie...
;-(
Can you let us know what you are doing about that fear? Knowing you're afraid is not policy, and right now we have no policy coming from the Oval Office nor from you.
He's asking that any new military action be approved by Congress through an AUMF
Horrendously, The world will be at war if we do not stop Osama Bin Laden from taking advantage of America and especially,  "our"Executive Government.All of a sudden Osama Bin Laden is Royal and his son is a Royal prince ?That sounds to me like they will conquer America real soon.
Kinda like what Obama did for 8 years ?
This is why I voted for Hillary, could see this coming

We all are afraid his incompetency and his ridiculous "tweet storms" will do more than just make us the laughing stock of the world...it could end the world as we know it.
Trump is "trash" and whoever voted for this clown has no conscience
What is wrong with you people who just refuse to accept that @realDonaldTrump is doing a great job for this country? You spend all your time “worrying” about things you can’t change. Get over it.
That would guarantee him a 2nd term, just like Bush and Iraq
We've been worried about that since he began his campaign
It's a good thing it's not your place to worry about it. You neither run the country or would have to fight in a war.  Just like the rest of your colleagues you are  Just like trump in the moral department. If it weren't true you wouldn't be on Twitter bashing your president.
He will probably do the opposite which is prevent war.  It would be so nice if you pols were able to display honesty & truth.  Your ideas would bankrupt the country while you reap the cash
Hi @SenSanders ! Tell me this again AFTER you’ve had your first real job and made your first honest dime. #Communist
Yes
Many of us Americans are fearful of that scenario: Go to war to deflect attention from Trump and his administration's outrageous behaviours.
Weren't you in charge of the VA when veterans were dying while they waited for healthcare? Why should anyone trust you?
I guess, the vets r fools then, bk they endorse him every time
Some vet groups endorse him, but some do not. Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America doesn't. Concerned Veterans for America doesn't. Of course, veterans are a mix, just like any other group of people - opinions will vary quite a bit.
@ghatecoe @MDotsey @MReickerd @pugmamma @andria_bonney @DustinDry1st @retherj @DLK532 @dasaints4141 @Playlistofwin @chatdragon @UnikaJoy2011 @mikefollaco @UR_stupidlib @OsclarFeliz @triciagarcia31 @AtoriTimothy @Brainiac420 @Janf1861
What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.
Wag the dog!

St least he’s not giving us away Bernie. Look in mirror before you throw rocks after your shady dealings  you n your wife
Good talking I like
Give it up Crypt Keeper. Time to throw in the towel.
Why didn't you open your yap on Libya? Hypocrisy
That would be democrats who don't know history or waste their time on current events . One how did we win ww2 ,who funding Assad, how are your stupid liberals policies fueling this nonsense ? READ THE UN SECURITY COUNCIL REPORT.
Sir, I think this was everyone’s fear since he was elected
Reasonable fear sadly
@SharylAttkisson -I thought Bernie and his wife were in jail....
Sanders says nothing about Obama's lies & inaction against Russia leading US to this point. The issue is that we must let Russian know that their actions have consequences. Remember Obama's red line? Syria & Russia tested him & Obama failed US. Now Trump has to fix it.
Yeah
This is starting to turn into the Vietnam War...
Surely we could send enough pallets of cash in the middle of the night to keep that from happening huh?
Oh please Obama gave us more war than anybody you didn't whine and complain about his in confidence and arrogance and stupidity did you
So you would fund them 450 billion like oboma did  are you off your meds. Agian
Then why did you help him get elected?
Bernie Sanders spoke out against Trump during the primaries and the general election campaign.  He endorsed HRC before, at, and after the convention.
Well that's a Given! And it's all 3 especially the latter 2
It sounds like what Bernie offered, did not work for him or for we Americans. Perhaps Bernie should go back to the drawing board and get a new design to present to America and to Congress.
Fearing a lot that, from this side of the ocean, the major risk consists too in
a crazy temptation for a blind  Atlantism of some political novices, with the
huge dangers following from...
You are right !
Spewing propaganda and you know it, if anyone was going to lead us to war it was Hillary CLINTON!
Wow . Still hurts huh bernie.
Yeah Bernie where were you buddy over the last 8 yrs hiding under a rock Trump was left all this crap by an arrogant incompetent so called leader
Bernie has never had a real job. Just live off working Americans like socialist think we should.
Hindsight is 2020
Do you honestly think he makes those decisions alone?
And one of the greatest fears of the American People was that as President you would give America away in the name of Socialism
So basically what dems have done in past is give billions to those countries to stay quiet. Sorry but I really don't agree about us being a protector for all when the UN hasn't done anything to help.
LoL
Can you remind me which was the last US president that didn't bomb another country?
The true essence of incompetence is you, Saunders. Why do you hate my country?
Were you also worried about Hillary Clinton getting us into another war when you unabashedly promoted her across the country after she stole the nomination from you? You’re a phony and an opportunist who doesn’t deserve to be in office and making money off of the American people.
@SenSanders is #UnfitToLead and senile to say the least.. 4 years ago this man was praising Venezuela and saying we should build a wall, nothing has changed, except what "Democrats" claim to believe.. which is typical, he doesn't care about this country he cares about himself..
Bernie the man who honeymooned in russia should go crawl under the nearist rock and die
You mean like Obama did? Or Bush did? ...you’re just a fear mongerer. Election time must be near.
GFY
My fear exactly! Both my sons were in the Navy. Now retired from service, I fear for those sons and daughters in harms way with DT as president.
Trump was the one who said if Hillary Clinton were president she’d get us into a war. Now he’s doing that right now!
Stop rewriting history. PS: You're a communist in senator's clothing.
We'll just show them an X-ray of your spinal alignment. War won.   
unfortunately Bernie Sanders has no idea about history it's the week they get pounced on not too strong
Can you remind @realDonaldTrump that some of his voters liked him because of his criticisms of Bush on Iraq?  That he had no war record?  He often stole from your playbook, thanks to fuckin Zukerberg.
Get House #4, Bernie. You always feel better after you go shopping on the taxpayer's dime
No disrespect but the war has already started way before Trump. Honestly how else would he get elected? If we had a country that was truly united he would have ever been elected. Parties on both sides  can’t admit they have been ousted socially either from shame or denial.
Bernie,  no doubt ,no charisma when it comes to working a deal or keeping things on an even keel those around him no better ! Actually just a  piece of shit all way around
So says Comrade Bernie Sanders, a 1st generation “American” and Soviet Loving Communist. The same Soviets that allied with Adolf Hitler and together started WWII. THAT! SOVIET COMMUNIST GOVERNMENT WHO INVENTED INDUSTRIALIZED MURDER AND GULAGS FOR THOSE “THE STATE” DEEMED ENEMIES
Must every utterance be accompanied by insults and vitriol?  Is that all you have in there?
Bernie is pro gassing men, women, and children.
#yourrules
That’s almost funny, Bern. You Congress critters have allowed every president since, oh,Truman? just do whatever they want with wars. You clowns bitch but never do anything about it, especially if the prez is a democrat.
Bernie go and seat down, that's how you mislead Obama to 8 yrs waste.
If it’s between another war or being like Bernie and serving as Putin’s favorite Butt Boy, I’ll take war. And unlike Bernie I’ve served my country in a war.
Me too!
So the choice was Trumps incompetence leading to war and Hillary's desire for war leading to war.  Maybe Trump will bungle us into peace. That was never in the cards with Hillary.
Get over it Bern!
I would think a greater fear for you is that you and your wife go to jail for graft, corruption, and defrauding that college.
Glad you or Hillary didn’t get elected President
One of my great fears is @SenSanders or @HillaryClinton as #putus.
We all worry! He's an impecile 
Wow a triple play.
 You've already have those bases covered. How exactly dud you get into a position of power?
Says the man that took the pay off. Well all fairness Lynch, (tarmac)  took it too. Guess it's better to be dirty then dead.
NO WAR!
#WWG1WGA!
"arrogance, ignorance and incompetence" Sick piece of shit you are. What aver happened to honest discourse and respect for the Presidential Office?
I fear your ideology ruining the country
You talking about trump or yourself, Bernie? We’re still waiting for you to explain why you avoided reporting #Russian assistance to your campaign. #GoAwayBernie
God delivered US from likes of you and HRC; We pray for Trump
Bernie..arrogance, ignorance and incompetence were the hallmarks of the BHO administration
Thank you Senator Sanders, but I wish you and every progressive member of Congress would stop calling the idiot in the White House president!!
One of my great joys is having you remain in a position of irrelevance - until you are brought up on charges for bank fraud.
Bernie's incompetence is one we would never survive.
Says the man who want to give everything away for free
BS
Has your wife been convicted yet?
Dude, you supported Hillary who said she wanted to invade Syrian airspace. 
So we would be exactly where we are now.

Getting pretty sick of you Old, Rich Hypocrites...
Why is this POTS not being impeached?
And we fear that communists of your ilk will destroy our republic.
Bernie,,put a cork in it!
Absolutely, I agree! Very scary indeed!!!!
@realDonaldTrump Find better things to do than just criticising Our President!
Two things I'm grateful for, neither you or Hillary are my President. #MAGA
My fear as that you actually can vote in the Senate.
Lost more people in Chicago over the last 15 years then in the war in Iraq.  Why don’t you help that city out?
Thats right.
Oh you mean like Obama getting us involved in Libya with no congressional approval.
What a Buffon you are
Poor Bernie sold himself and his followers out to Hillary and @DNC for a beautiful lake house!  

Retire Bernie, you're a fake and a cheat.
Fear not Senator, our President prudent not to get us involved in nation building or any other conflict.
Oh Bernster,  STHU! Trump is going to finish what 41,42,43 and 44started and maintained for the last 35 years in the Middle East.
History tells us that ur optimistic in suggesting Trump will finish a Middle East War. Current borders aside, it has been going on for thousands of years, more or less violently depending on outside influences, and will end when all that is left is sand.
Trump will end US intervention into the Muslim wars 41,42,43 and 44 got us involved in there.
We’ll know if it happens, to be sure.
If the establishment swamp and military complex will allow us to get out of the Mideast...Trump is the only one with balls enough to get the hell out!
Bernie, you need to RETIRE old geezer! You’ll get a “heart attack” worrying about WWWIII buddy, World War Three will happen, guaranteed!!
What a clown you are.
‘4 Sale to highest bidder’.  How’s the lake estate you got for a very ‘reasonable price’ after you got rigged out of the DNC nomination? ‘SOLD’... (DNC convention is probably when you should have expressed you opinion.)
Buffoon
We're still in the same "wars" we've been in for many yrs genius. Obama tried very hard to spoil the already rocky relationship bt the US & Russia in his last month as POTUS.
Go do some fundraising Bernie. Maybe your wife could fleece another University.
innocent lives taken by obama in syria: lost count

innocent lives taken by trump in syria: 0
Nothing speaks more of arrogance ignorance incompetence and don’t forget greed than a delusional Communist mole who has infiltrated our Senate.
Is this what you think of Trump as well @SharylAttkisson ? Just wondering where this is coming from?
What about your “incompetence” with the election let the man who won make the decisions for the country we are behind him
And we know you don’t like to fight “Loser”
Do you do anything but resist? Do you get any actual work done?
Personally I trust @POTUS before I would trust you and HRC ....... all you are are windbags - you have built absolutely nothing of any value or use to anyone - Trump has!
"Another"
u guys are abunch of hypocritical idiots. 

-In 2016 alone, Obama dropped 12,192 bombs on Syria.
-In 2016 alone, Obama dropped 12,095 bombs on Iraq.
-In 2016 alone, Obama dropped 3 bombs every hour, 24 hours a day.

trump is possibly the least reckless weve ever had
I hope you are leading the charge dipstick!
The US Congress is IMPOTENT, and UNABLE to make ANY RATIONAL and timely decisions reguarding military action!  These decisions HAVE to be made sometimes in a RAPID timeframe, which congress is INCAPABLE of.  If you have a YEAR or so to make a decision, that's fine!
No one went to war you Tard. And while we are dicing the constitution can we discuss the 4th amendment?????
Yea, let's wait for the #IGreport before the character assassinations.
Yes, because incompetent leaders typically surround themselves with brilliant military strategists and intel officers and follow their advice.  
And funny, none of you minding the tens of thousands of murders committed by Obama either by bombing or drone assassination. Blowhard.
Very funny! I thought the exact same thing of Obama. 

And of course, if you’d become President, our enemies would be quaking in their boots at Day 1...save for your salivating Socialist buddies: Putin, Xi & KJU.
MAGA
You have to remember, it was the plan all along to derail a Trump presidency through war if necessary.
No, that’ll be the creation of one your departments setting a false flag just as you guys have been doing for over 100 years now.
You were pretty quiet on Obama's expansion of wars. What changed Bernie?
My greatest fear is this country being taken over by socialist like you. I thank god every day that you and Hillary are not president. Our country is doing much better with less regulations, no Øbamacare mandates and lower taxes. If you want socialism then move to Europe!! #MAGA
and too bad about my much revered "small donors" being defrauded while I endorsed Clinton..
Like Barry, you mean? Who warred for eight straight years?
Go Sit Down @SenSanders, you are irrelevant.  Politically Educated Americans have your number.
Go away old man
So you’re okay with the use of WMDs on civilian populations?  I guess that makes sense considering your stated admiration for the former Soviet Union.
Thankfully God is in control.
Could’ve said the same thing about you, should you have been elected.
When he doesn’t, and when he resolves the NK issue, I want you to stand up and apologize you simple minded, daft old f*ckwit!
One of my great fears is you will do to the country what your wife did to Burlington College.  @SharylAttkisson
Thank you for insulting all the military generals & advisors on his team, nitwit.

My greatest fear is that if Bernie ever became POTUS and implemented his crazy Marxist policies the USA would have a depression far worse than the 1930's.
Too bad Bernie, we elected him so deal with it!
Stop it.
1-its not about stability to any region.  That’s what mighty democrats think can do around the world.
2-it’s not http://him.It ’s France, uk and the u.s.
3-it’s about chemical weapons usage and its deterrent. 0bama’s red lines apparently weren’t taken seriously.
I fear that too and have been calling Rob Protman about it almost daily
Him and his red lines...

#Hindsight2020 you are a true inspiration. You are one of the few left #wethepeople #forthepeople #bythepeople #Bernieforpresident #youhavemyvote
Bernie, the only thing you have to fear is fear itself!
#NoWorries
Shut up Bernie you need to retire
La basura más grande que ha dado América el judío comunista Sanders hablando mal del presidente estúpida serpiente
Yep
Are you won of the people that vote that the average person has to wait until 70 to retire but congress can retire at 50 with stupid pay?
I think a deal went sour between Trump and Putin. I think Trump plans to hand this country over to Russia & China for a payout.
stupidest tweet ive ever seen lmao. 

hillary sold our countries uranium...and helped fund isis.. 

trump lowered taxes, secured the  border, and destroyed isis... 

now which one is the traitor? 
Late next year or early in 2020.  So his re-election campaign can get the “war bump”.  (Nov 2019-May 2020) is my prediction.  It’s all about ratings for that guy.
#Americanfriends please be aware that French President #Macron , head of medias in France, is strengthening the legitimity of #Trump by following his illegal actions. ..When you get rid of your president, help us to depose ours
Illegal? President can order strikes..just not full war.


