It is obtainable and affordable. People need to stop listening to big pharma and corporations. Free healthcare should be a basic human right
Free so who pays working people in taxes and no tax paying people get it for free
You could start by not giving tax breaks to the 1%, making large corporations pay the tax they should. And maybe having a little empathy with those who are needing the help. You're only an illness from finding yourself in that position
You're directing your hate to the wrong people. If companies shut up shop it's not because you're giving people access to health care. But then this is why they are still in control. Corporations, big pharma should be your enemy not each other
That’s because you are offering up what they believe to be a utopian society. Look how well that worked for N. Korea!
north korea? that's not what bernie wants.

Bernie wants to be more like Scandinavia.
What is wrong with being more like Scandinavia?
Nothing is wrong with being Scandinavian... I'm sure they would be thrilled to have you. This is the only country that has the set up I prefer so here I stay. But please feel free to pursue your own happiness
look, I'm not completely selfish so I happen to give a fuck about 40000 people dying every year because of your system. And those 40000 can't just move to Scandinavia. partly because they can't even afford the flight.
Well aren't you the sweetest! I pay my taxes, do volunteer work, give to charities..  I work my bit off for all I have and when I go to my chosen Dr, I like getting the services I want. Why don't you expend the energy on feeding the hungry
I'm just a regular german kid, I don't have the money to do that and my country has a working system where you don't need to give to a charity and the state gives the poor enough to survive. Also, I do get the services I want when going to the doctor - even without a free market.
With the profanity I thought you might be an adult. Let's chat when your 40 with a mortgage and a family
profanity is not something germans care about. unlike you, we don't get easily outraged because someone said a bad word in public. also, what does my age have to do with that?
It's not perfect, but it works for us in Canada. I know an illness might make things a little more difficult financially but I won't be declared bankrupt or die avoiding expensive treatment.
What is your tax rate?
That totally depends on where you are in the country. Provincial tax rates and county tax rates differ. Federal tax rates are graduated and depend on income. I'm sure you can look them up on the Canada Revenue site.
Truck driver friend says 35%, as opposed to 17% in US. Just wondering if yours was similar.
What do you call a tax?  I consider health insurance premium copays a tax.  I pay almost as much tax in that form as I do in Federal, State, and sales tax combined.  So, my real tax rate is almost 50%.
I would consider that a tax as well! I would consider anything I have to pay out like that a tax. About 22% is off my paycheck to levels of . I pay out about $9 a month for a basic prescription.
Here’s the failed health “care” Bernie wants
Here’s the cruel failed socialist health “care” Bernie wants
Where govt usurps parents’ right so they can’t get health care for their baby 
Try twenty years ago when FIRST Lady Hillary Clinton tried to get it past. You are always runner up to her @BernieSanders
Look at failing VA & NHS;
Socialist health “care” is costly, inefficient, dangerous 
vs. free market increases choice, quality, efficiency, lowers costs
Here’s the type of failing health “care” system Bernie thinks is a good idea
The bigger the government, the less the accountability
What if people just paid for their own insurance instead of depending on big brother? Stop taking money out of our pockets.
Let's hope single payer never does pass. Bernie loves to prey with little knowledge of economics.
Strong case for socialized medicine from ... Goldman Sachs
Well coming from an avowed communist oh, I'm not surprised by your opinion which I disagree with heartily. Why don't you go down to Venezuela where you'll be right at home and live in the mud with the rest of the people suffering in the world of socialism
It would have been faster if the #USgov hadnt been demonizing the word "socialism" since McCarthy. You helped to rebrand "socialized medicine" to "single payer health insurance" with a explanation of what it actually is. #Americans want what the rest of the West has had for years
#MedicareForAll #StillBernin #NursesForBernie
Bernie, you’re still the right man! You would be pres if you had been the candidate! Thanks for your leadership!!!
I've had coverage for 3yrs under the ACA and it's been great. I'm worried about when I lose it what will I do. I don't make the big bucks how affordable and is there a replacement in place yet when I loose coverage. Concerned citizen
Right. But wasn’t “Obamacare” a huge disaster?! Of course it wasn’t! That’s simply one of the fake narratives the far right perpetuates about our former president. Look, it may not be perfect; but why let perfect be the enemy if the good for millions of Americans?
6 years ago the majority wanted public option, and congress failed to produce it.
You could believe that now but it still wouldn’t be true!
Sure and pay for my car repairs too.
Bernie, lacking single payer could you fight for the 30.3 million Americans suffering with diabetes and the exorbitant costs of insulin @InsulinNation @insulin4all @IntDiabetesFed @RepDianaDeGette @SenatorCollins
I support #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #EqualityForAll thank you Bernie, for sharing the message and education about healthcare!
I could actually because it is a wonderful idea.
You started a revolution, Senator. And like all successful revolutions it's beginning in the hearts and minds of the masses. #MedicareForAll #Bernie2020

Not all Bernie. Don't want what you are selling!!
* i hope the source of   are not Syrians victims
Tell this to the senators and congressmen who need to pass a bill.
Bernie, I support universal health care and I like Trump.
Who is going to pay for it?
It's time Bernie. Run on it!!!!
Keep fighting for us Bernie


Recent headlines report the UK Government deciding they would no longer provide health care to children who they believed to be dying. Though some kids fully recovered when given extended care in another country. Seems like we can’t give up our rights fast enough.
Just like if you like ur doc u keep ur doc, Bernie, you are no Robin Hood, stop trying to steal from the middle class to give to everyone else. My premiums went from $350/mo, to $1128 per mos and I lost my doctor, copay went from$5 to $35, office visit went from $20 to $50. Dick!
Yes I had faith in humanity
Single payer is just another way to say government dependency brought about by the theft of MY hard earned income.
Still don’t believe it. Get that little nugget of info from your pollsters, sameones that said hillbilly Hillary was going to win? Keep quoting them bright boy...
You are an old out of touch pontificating old fool go away please
It’s hard to say he’s out of touch when he has his strongest support with millennials and young people
He has the support of a bunch of young people that are out of touch with reality then still live with their mom and dad
Classic “young people are stupid” narrative, regardless, we are a growing voter base and are becoming the majority and swinging elections. Rather than talking down to young people try listening to them and their legitimate concerns
You're not swinging anyting because you don't vote most Millennials could care less and are totally clueless. They know more about playing games then reality, it will be the generation that comes up after them that will vote.
Despite those stereotypes, the results show increased youth vote turnouts being harnessed by progressive candidates and swinging key legislative seats since trumps election, and threatening certain critical conservative seats in the upcoming midterms
At the end of the day every person will analyze if their life is better or worse and at this point most lives are getting better and the Outlook is extremely positive that is the person that will count at the voting booth. It's simple everyday logic
Well it’s logic that has no evidence to support it, in fact most special elections recently have directly disproved that hypothesis
You can't make health care a right when it involves the labor of others.
??? 

our current model "involves the labor of others"

so why is that all of a sudden bad when you cut out the insurance companies as middlemen and have the workers get paid with tax dollars?
Because it takes away control from the people. We have no choice left. Also if you make it a "right" then anyone who refuses to do any procedure is violating that "right" and could be forced by the govt to perform said procedure.
or worry about how to pay for care if they're between jobs or retired or whatever
But people should have to worry about those things. It's a personal responsibility.
the fact that health insurance is tied to your job as a benefit is not good. there arent enough jobs with those benefits to employ everybody.

thats very naive and actually cruel of you to say, and the fact that you tried to take the moral high ground on this issue is ridiculous
Why is it a bad thing? My job offered benefits in addition to pay to entice workers to pick them instead of another company. I'm not taking a moral high ground it's the truth. A person should be responsible for their own health.
And what happens if you get laid off?
Health care will always be a commodity. You can't make a commodity a right without conscripting someone to provide it. Also, the government doesn't give you rights. You already have them. We must address the most basic concepts of civics before we can begin to debate single-payer
If you want to get philosophical about it, you're actually not born with ANY rights. Our Constitution just asserts you are. The government is simply a representative of us and the Constitution combined. Ergo the government gave you those rights, but only cuz you were born here.
Wrong.

And the founders were explicit in this. They believed, and as many still do, that our rights exist outside government; that they are unalienable and derived from our humanity.

The gov'ts role is, yes, to protect these rights, but it is not gov't who bestows them.
What does being "derived from our humanity" even mean? They can believe it all they want. The fact is these are self imposed rights. If they were inherent in us as humans, why are we the only ones who got the specific list of rights correct?
Does an assisted living place sound appealing? a state mental hospital sounds more like it
I lived in France, Germany, and Switzerland. They all have an excellent healthcare system with Universal Coverage that is not single payer. There is government health insurance and private.
Do people on private insurance get better access, more choice than people with government insurance?
no, but in France you can also pay for extra insurance, called a mutual, which will cover more expensive costs than what the govnmt covers
How about we truly have a free market for health care. Something we have not had since the 1940s when employers took it over. Then if we need to fix it we can but until we truly have a free market we don't know what needs to be fixed.
I still think we need it!
When people have absolutely no experience with such system and propaganda machine pushes it with no evidence,just promises.. it is easy to get them liking Utopia. I lived in such system-would not want it upon my enemies,never mind friends as it is inevitably fundamentally inhuman
Canadians are taught in school that Americans die and go bankrupt because they don't have a single payer system. Not even Canadian conservatives try to campaign against the Canadian healthcare system because they know they will be laughed at and get no votes. Thank Tommy Douglas.
5 years ago you were a crazy old man, now you still are a crazy old man. Nothing has changed.
Healthcare is a right, give me a break, it’s a moral obligation to our society to help one another and try to set up a system for everybody to contribute, otherwise you might as will just collect welfare nobody would want to pay into it and everybody would want to use

Half of Americans have wanted everything free for longer than that. Who do you think votes for you.
There is no free health care.
If only the USA stopped its wars, military interventions and closed its many bases, you could easily provide healthcare & much more besides. In 2016, US 'defense' spending was 36% of world total. Meanwhile, your debt topped $21 trillion. https://www.sipri.org/media/press-release/2017/world-military-spending-increases-usa-and-europe …
You allowed to leave at anytime in search of your imagined utopia which, in reality, would be it's own hell..You may be top in your field, continue learning new practices but you will only make what the gvmt allows...sure that won't be a problem. Blame those responsible #yourreps
We have universal healthcare in UK & other European countries, and there is no govt cap on earnings.
K thanks, been to many countries with alternate plans... I like mine and I'm very glad you like yours. See how I didn't try to convince you to switch to mine?
What’s in your medicine cabinet..cyanide,..I did guess ..go Sanders
Its long past due..single payer now
Yes. I could have believed that half of all Americans would have wanted the other half to pay for their health care.
Yeah , the half that doesn't have to pay for it ! Odumbocare was a crime perpetrated on the American people. Affordable, that was a lie , I can keep my current plan , that was a lie , I can keep my Dr. again , a lie .
Yes,the half that doesn’t work.
Since the unemployment rate in the United States is well below 5% I’d say you should reconsider your statement.
In your dreams.
Go check
Nothing is free. Somebody has to pay for this. Somebody has to pay for the abuse this is going to cause. 
Everybody wants free health care until they’re offered free healthcare #GoArmy #GoNavy #GoMarines #GoAirForce
Please be a troll.
U watch HEA thcare too LA
You are a liar, nobody wants this except you and your cronies, crawl back under your rock you asshole
Disagree. Stay blind
I believe you Libtards will use the fake news to make it appear as such
Typical name calling. #pathetic
Single payer never!  Don't you get we don't want to be the next Venezuela, Bernie?
Y’all go to Venezuela and live for a couple years. Then come@back and report what you learned.
Venezuela is a third world country with a disastrous economical system. Come to most of Europe and then tell me what you learn.
Greece?
I've been saying for years that the age requirement for Medicare should be lifted and Medicare should be our national healthcare system. We pay into it now! Just increase the premium and make it work!
I still don’t believe it should be a right, because you aren’t entitled to services by someone else. But, healthcare prices are flat out ridiculous. There is nothing ok about my coworkers paying nearly $1,000 a month for family health insurance.
So then, we should scrap taxpayer-funded primary education, since services not payed for by the recipient are wrong.  When you find some country that succeeds in enabling its citizens a to have a decent, stable life on this principle, let me know.
You are really using schools as your argument? Wasn’t Bernie all over social media supporting the vastly underpaid teachers, like two weeks ago? And how satisfied are you with government funded schools? Come on, I’m not the enemy here....
You’re absolutely right. But when you say something stupid like healthcare shouldn’t be a right, and then grouse about the high cost of healthcare, you open yourself up to criticism (if not outright mockery).
That’s a close minded response.Both of my statements can be true at the same time. Healthcare is not a right,and Heathcare costs are too high.The close mindedness, is, it’s not either/or here.There may another answer other than taxing every working American or what we have now.
Yes. And I have the answer: Hike taxes on the super rich. There are far too few people sitting on far too much wealth in Trump’s America. And they’ve bamboozled the working class into protecting them. People like you, I’m guessing, who end up fighting to support the status quo.
It doesn’t work.Because if you tell people, once you make “X”amount of $ per year, you will be taxed at a greater rate.Which causes people to only do enough to stay right under that increased tax rate.If it’s 100mil,people will stay just under that.Moving the money elsewhere.
a right to someone else product and services is referred to as slavery, or in a term you understand, socialism.
the workers still get paid. otherwise there would be no doctors in europe, but there are still doctors there last time I checked. what are you on about?
Single Payer = Everyone with a Job pays and everyone else gets a free ride.
Would you rather pay thousands when you go to the ER or pay nothing?
You think single payer is free? No one that has a job goes to the ER for free even with insurance. When imagination time is over try doing some research.
It's cheaper,
Covers everyone,
You live longer.

Simple.
If they had some magical way of making healthcare cheaper at the same quality, then why not just start a healthcare company. Oh, and don't tell me that countries with universal healthcare are better. I live in one of them and the evidence does not support that.
Really?
So which country pays more than our current $9892?
Which doesn't live longer?

Which country?
Norway pays a hell of alot more.
No Norway pays $6647 per capita.
Lives till 81.8.
Try again
So kill the poor because you are selfish.

How nice.
I never asked anyone to kill anyone. I simply told you to pay for your own shit. Or rather, not to FORCE me to pay for it. Charity is only cool when it's done voluntarily. Then it's great in many cases.
Duh, 
I want to pay thousands more for healthcare and die younger, with the added benefit of killing poor people!

Duh.....
Single payer healthcare is not socialized medicine, but one national public health insurance program.  Private companies would still be responsible for healthcare delivery if the policy was enacted.
No government-subsidized health care for those who can afford private insurance!
fuckoff bernie
Hey berndog if you gave up the millions you and your wife embezzled we could start this now.
Americans are slow but educable.
We need a single payer system for many reasons
As a nurse I know that all of you will end up at a hospital in your lives and will rack up huge amounts of debt as a result. There's a reason why many nurses are behind single-payer. We see first hand what happens when you can't afford healthcare. It's tragic.
Time to smash capitalism, starting with the medical industry 
But how would you pay for it?
If people think healthcare sucks now, try single payer and give government the control. You will have buyers remorse on your first doctors visit. That still won’t cover persecutions, vision, Dental and copays.
The 10 best health care systems in the world are public systems. The US ranks as the 45th despite being one of the richest countries in the world.
You must be getting your twisted facts from NBC. There’s a lot of facts they left out of their survey. Also,Who do you think that they are talking about when they say Public? Public is taxpayer funded. Also if it was a good idea congress would not vote themselves out of it
Since I’m not American I don’t get my informations from  NBC or any low quality US media but either from the source (WHO) or from specialized newspapers. It’s kind of narcissist to think that you can determine the quality of a health system better than the WHO.
God save the country from fools and the young ideologists.
As Roseanne said, can you do simple math? The only guarantee one gets in this republic is life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Otherwise we stop being a free nation and become like any other gov controlled people with limited freedom. History, read it, learn from it!
We're people this reaistant when there was a fight to get universal fire and crime prevention? Universal roads, highways and bridges? Universal military defense?
pay per person  kids under 18 are free   we need healthcare badlt   had to leave usa to get husband with lungcancer operated on in europe  costs were half and he lived another 15 years   thanks to holland
The biggest impediment to Single Payer Healthcare are neo-liberal democrats who are in the back pocket of the insurance industry.
@EmGusk fascism is taking hold
sure. Because fascist reduce the size and scope of the government. Anything you say
fascism is the take over or running of companies. Net neutrality and Obamacare are good examples.
read a book
No thats you you guys ruined our healthcare system with Obamacare.
The failure of a half-assed attempt at an idea does not mean the actual idea will fail as well.
Bernie whole idea would bankrupt the country so I guess we are fortunate it was a half assed attempt. Bernie Sanders said so himself in the 80's
It hasn’t bankrupted every other large nation that does this (literally almost all of them), but I guess you think they are all smarter than Americans so they can manage this better than us?
Name a nation our size that borders a third world nation that takes in over a million immigrants a year which has this medicaid for  all business.
Canada
Canada is a nation of only 36 million people. It does not take in a million immigrants a year and it does not have a large open border with a third world Narco state.   Try again.
It borders the US. That counts.
Just cause people want or support a policy, doesn't mean it's effective.   I don't want the govt deciding what health care I can and cant get.
What if the MAJORITY of people want or support the policy? You may want to prepare for that, because judging by the trends, it'll be within the next year.
The Majority opinion isn't reflected in law.  That's why we are a republic not a democracy. 200 years ago, the majority of people though black people were property.  Our country is designed to protect the minority from the majority.
Old tired semantic. If our representatives don't vote the way of the majority they're voted out of office. So the majority ends up winning in the end. Just because we're a republic doesn't mean it's not sheltered under the benevolent canopy of democracy. They go hand in hand.
That’s how it should work in theory. But with gerrymandering, voter suppression and money, it doesn’t always work that way. People worry more about party than country these days.
Sadly, true. There's always been obstructions, however in the end the majority generally triumphs. Just have to have patience. Even though it's catching on, I don't see us getting single payer until about 10-15 years from now accounting for these obstructions...
I believe in the terrible tyranny of the majority.  Yes, unfortunately, our society is moving away from self reliance in favor of treating the poor as those who are completely incapable of fending for themselves.   This is the ultimate condemnation.
So, forget entitlements for a moment, how do you decide laws in general then if majority decisions are "tyranny"? I mean either we want to live in a society or we don't. What you're proposing is anarchy.
Isn't anyone else tired of having billionaires tell us what is best for us?  Face it, they only care about what is best for them.
That’s for those who want me to help pay for their healthcare. Until you give up your paid for golden healthcare plan and your millions to help them... I say NFW!
Americans do not turn their backs on Americans.  Don't listen to Republicans who take care of the rich, find out facts before deciding.
Republicans will talk against this, but let's remember who they support, the rich.  They would let millions go without health care.
Obamacare is not affordable.!
What makes you think single payer healthcare will be?
Just look at the VA. Its a total disaster.
To keep our country as it was intended to be, we need to take care of all Americans.  We were not intended to be class based.
My husband was hit by a car (who went off the road while texting) one day in the hospital and 6 months of recovery. Loss of income and a final bill of $156,000. Driver uninsured, $150. wk. + deductibles for health insurance to barely cover anything. Single Payer is needed.
Because their lazy ass people that Democrats wanted to get their vote. Old man it all started with participation trophy.
how about food, home heating or air conditioning, are the human rights too?  If so then they should all be government run, taxed, and paid for programs too.
Indeed in most of the democratic systems in the world basic needs have price limits and lower taxation.
I consider half, a very conservative number.
Also I asked my Oncologist whether politicians, bureaucrats, and politicians are dictating how you practice medicine? Answer, Yes.
Yes actually. Americans have been in favor of a single payer system for a while now. You just have to get some people out of the Faux News echo chamber long enough to get them to listen to reason and think critically.
Single payer means nothing as long as the single payer is paying into fee-for-service, for-profit business and where opposing interests waste a large percentage of expense on battling for that profit.
We do need a better healthcare system. one where the big pharma and the corporate medical system isn't in place.  A national healthcare system other then HMO's is needed but I don't think this country is ready to hear it. All they see is their money going to this and that.
Not just single payer, but we also need to reverse the immense costs of medical care here in the States. Our taxes will be high and our low wages will make this unbearable for some people
For all the idiots that use the excuse that Canada has long waiting lists for doctors, they have not tried getting in to see a doctor lately. I was referred by my Neurologist to an Endocrinologist and the wait is 3 months.
Five years ago a socialist running for President was unthinkable.
The two are related. 
Viva Revolucion Bolivar, and free Lula!
Present a good fiscal way to pay for it and even more people will get on board, including Republicans. More bankruptcies are filed because of healthcare related issues than are not. Healthcare costs must also be addressed.
JUSTICE??? To take money from one American and give it to another using the guns of government. Where's the 'morality' in that Bernie?
They want a single payer health care system because people like you sell the concept without mentioning that it will require massive tax hikes.
When the House is taken over by the Dems,ur gonna have extrem left dems,liberal dems,moderat liberal/conservative  dems,conservative dems...
And each of them is going to want to have THEIR WAY with healthcare. It'll be an interesting show..
Take the stupidity of the average person. Half the people are dumber than that. Those are the people who support this. It's good in theory but has never been better than private health care. Ever.
Is not half of Americans is 60% more than half
And we still don't believe it today
You dopey idiots do not realize you already have the functional equivalent of single-payer. Health Insurance companies today are little more than TPA’s for HHS.
duh 
it’s a no brainer 
i’ve never paid a doctor a day in my life here in Canada
We need the single-payer system. It works wonders in other countries, why not here?
45% of Americans pay no income tax
49% of Americans on govt assistance
50% want single payer.

“When the people find that they can vote themselves money,
that will herald the end of the republic.”

- Benjamin Franklin
Please resume your medication. Why do people from countries with single-payer system come to our country for medical care. Stop with the communist dialog.
No they don’t...
Has Obamacare been repealed? No? And it’s working like you and yours promised?
and as these breakthroughs ensue via "crispr"/cas9" etc...the cost for government should come down where preventive treatment is more economical than necessary surgeries from non preventive care.
Fuck off socialist twat
Half of Americans pay no income tax so it makes sense when you offer them more free shit
Where's the justice of taking from another, BS @SenSanders?
Just join a few patient support groups on FB and compare the experiences of Americans to those in the UK, Canada, Australia, Sweden, etc. Not only do they not have the financial woes, they also have more prompt & efficient care. We have become 3rd world class in healthcare.
The people will benefit greatly from a single payer system.  The insurance companies will not.  That is the root of all opposition to it, corporate profit. Educate yourself on the pros & cons so you can make up your own mind. Don’t be just another mark.
You dolt.
Half of America supports this and 2% of congress does as well.
Dammit Bern, five years ago you didn’t believe in it.
This is one of the most ironic posts you’ve made.
I'd love to know more about who they asked lol.
You said it Bernie! Single payer health is the best way to go for healthcare!
How about healthy food, a house and utilities?  Wouldn’t health be better if everyone one had all of the above?  Why don’t we all just give you all of our money to pay for your dream of utopia.  Of course, you and your fellow legislatures can exclude yourselves. Right?
"Government control" isn't an argument, it's a mantra. Do Americans favor corporate control? As usual, Bezos Post does not reveal methodology of it's poll, only that sample size is 1850 but how was poll conducted?
Well about half of Americans haven't a clue the lack of medical care that will be when your Uncle Sam pays for it.
yes!  single-payer health care system  #usa #singlepayer #capitalism out of medical care!
Maybe if you had the balls to stand up to Killary we could fix things ...
But the US is so much better than all those insignificant nations w healthcare for all, so why do we need it?
The United States are ranked as the 45th health care system by the World Health Organization despite being the 1st economy in the world. Yeah you are doing great.
"Well worn arguments against it," @washingtonpost…!?! Sorry, you mean "well worn smears, rumors, and exaggerations" circulated by those who seek to PROFIT off of others' misfortune. Ask any citizen of universal healthcare nations if they wish they had our system instead. NOT!
Or, when people don’t know the price they’ll pay for that “justice” they’re more prone to want the government to take care of their every need. Housing and college are rights too, can’t wait until I have a right to an iPhone 
About half the country is dumb as hell too. How do you think BHO was elected TWICE?
The half that supports it need to move their asses to Europe! GTFO socialist scum!!
Sir, you support the wrong side. Look what the rebels have done in the Adra region for years
You have no idea what rights are! Rights don’t come from government!
Justice....or more free things.
That’s right. Everything should be free. Money grows on trees
Happy birthday @brendonurie
I think Bernie Sanders would make a great President! The cares about the Country and the people! He is not Greedy!
Can we repeal the 2nd amendment and replace it with this?
We know how those poles worked for you previously.

Most of those questioned are probably ignorant of what single payer entails. Also, if you have to use the phrase "should be", then it's obviously not a right, but rather an ideal.
I love you Bernie but this is the WRONG focus right now. I’ve been following you all year and every time you post I’m like what reality are you choosing to live in right now? #priorities #impeach
Oh yes! & the VA is such a shining example of how good single payer healthcare syst wld work.  Exactly what America needs...another government run system!
I am one of those who is experiencing insurance companies making health care decisions my doctor should be making. Disgusting for profit instead of for patient.
Anyone with a brain would have guessed this because every issue in America is constantly moving towards the 50% approval/disapproval rating.  It's call polarization and America is as bi-polar as you get.
This is a stupid idea----period !!!! Still clueless !!
That's because they don't realize what they are asking. Government insurance is Donut Hole where you are really sick and. They don't pay out as much for drugs. Obama made a deal with pharmaceuticals and drugs are very expensive now. That is government healthcare.
No
And here you are on TV and tweeting at the same moment!  Amazing to see the little blue check marks mean nothing. @jack.  By the way, your Tweet-Bot is not very good at it!
That's because they have no choice after you and your cronies in Washington have empowered the AMA and pharmaceutical industry while simultaneously crashing the American economy making health insurance unaffordable to half the population!  You're disgusting...
Five years ago you were peddling Obamacare as the solution.
Bernie, you are an enabler for the right while posing to 'be the voice of the left'. How about you finally hang your shingle outside that states your a true republican and stop jumping in and out of the closet. Time to fully come out of the closet and grasp your true being (R).
Yes let's let this inept government run healthcare that seems smart.
So glad you’re 76 years old.
At the last meeting with my Oncologist, I was told a procedure could not be done: not because it was not correct, but because of Lawyers.
No, No, No, Bernie. We the People want the good coverage you do nothings in congress have. Not more inept gov't. Less gov't.
A little confused here. You want the good, government paid for health insurance, like single payer? But also you want that shitty inept government to not give you the same thing. Got it.
Congressional health insurance is purchased on the exchange-free market. We want competition to keep the prices down and only pay for coverages we as individuals need and coverage available across state lines.
With government subsidies that pay for 80 percent of their premiums.
Canada long waits and paying a lot more than they think... for many “a lot” barely covers the money grab!
https://www.google.com/amp/business.financialpost.com/opinion/health-cares-free-in-canada-right-wrong-and-youre-paying-a-lot-more-than-you-think/amp ….
You live in canada?

But also, the opposite.
Ok Bernie fine, just find the money to pay for it out of all your other socialist give aways. Deal?
The government doesn’t grant rights you socialist parasite
Nah fam, nah. We need a population reduction first.
The LAST thing we need is single payer. These people are idiots
Depending on how the question is asked, a majority has supported some kind of universal healthcare for a long time. That's why when corporate politicians tell us it'll never happen, we know they answer to Big Insurance and not popular will http://pnhp.org/blog/2016/03/01/kaiser-poll-suggests-support-medicare-for-all-is-more-than-two-thirds/ …
So many Americans travel to Mexico for good Dental and Medical treatment now. People are going to Mexico for medical and Dental because they are better and cheaper.
Bernie, this is a bogus belief!  WE DO NOT need single payer.  We do not want the government in charge of healthcare.  BTW, this was Obama’s plan all along!  You all messed up healthcare!  SOCIALISM NEVER works!  NO SINGLE PAYER!!
Five years ago, could you have believed that kids would be eating Tide pods, snorting condoms, drinking bleach, doing fire challenges, taping lips....I could go on and on
With all that ya I can believe they want single payer
And now we have poor plans and high prices. Only people that benefited from this were people that couldn't get insurance before. Everyone else got screwed except for those people that wouldn't know good insurance if it slap them in the face.
No I can't believe it. I guess the AFA is working just as it was setup to do. Get the costs so high that more people say anything has to be better than this. To bad single payer has proven to be a disaster also when looking at other countries.
I would like a Jewish American Senator to use his platform to speak about today’s Holocaust remembrance as thousands are marching in Poland with tears.

Is this too much to ask?
Another lie Bernie. Not have of Americans want a single-payer system.
Who the hell cares what "people" think. They don't know a lick about industry economics. They just want to be well off. Promise them the world and they'll want it. But does it make any sense??
Before Obamacare our government interfered with our Healthcare. With Obamacare and even more regulations our healthcare is paralyzed. No more government in our healthcare!
Link|

I think conservatives are afraid that, if we low-income folks have health care, we'll breed like rabbits and overrun their neighborhoods.
So. Bernie. If health care is a right, that means individuals have the right to someone’s labor. Are you advocating for slavery? Didnt think that one through did ya....
We need Single Payer. Our current system of insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies scamming us literally to death isn't working.
Yes. They’ve supported it since the 1980s.
You were the one who made it acceptable to talk about in mainstream politics. 
Congrats!
You and @janesander your wife are MONEY LAUNDERING CRIMINALS!
Just like your Putin comrades. Pay back the $63 million in FEC violations? $14,000 was all you could muster? #15 minutes is over #jailfor the sanders FINALLY
Still trying to be relevant, Bernie? Take up knitting, old man!
Wait a mont ago you tweeted the majority of Americans (about 70%) were in favor. So which is it? I bet the question asked truthfully would result in a lower approval %
Brand fraud Bernie brainwashing stupid snowflakes.
