The Disney CEO get $100,000,000?  That’s absolutely disgusting. They should be paying their workers better instead!
Their workers have jobs because of the efficacy of their CEO...
Imagine actually believing this
What do you believe? That companies decide to hire executives and pay them much more than they're worth, at a loss, for fun? What sounds more likely to you?
CEO pay is a scam that was developed in the 1980s when they decided people didn't need esxperience in the specific business anymore.  That's why CEOs have been running companies into the ground and leaving with multimillion dollar undeserved golden parachutes.
Lol, uh huh. It's all a conspiracy. 

If a company hires a bad CEO, that's on them. It happens. A company that makes bad decisions won't be around for very long. But to be clear, you're saying that Bob Iger makes what he does because Disney is falling for a scam?
Look at Carly Fiorina and all the other idiots who got golden parachutes.
That's why she failed...
Sorry, Mr. Bernie, but you don't seem to understand how business works. 

Disney's CEO's time is worth $100million. That's why he makes it. If he increases their revenue just 1%, then he has already paid for himself 4.5 times.

If you want more money, make your time worth more.
What about all the people who also work for Disney? That money's made off their sweat and hard work too. CEO's not sweating his butt off in a costume making kids happyn
1st, are all skill sets equal? The skill & experience necessary to manage a giant corp with $45billion a year in revenue should be compensated the same as wearing a costume? 

2nd, the employee is making $ due to the success of the company. Would no job be better?
The company will fail if every employee walked out. The point is CEO's make far more than employees and the gap has gotten wider over time. To much emphasis on CEO pay while the real workers are ignored.
Yesssss your right pay the employees that deal with the public face to face giving them great memories and wanting to come back again
... because dealing with the customers, or doing whatever particular job, produces around $11 an hour. It's math. Has nothing to do with greed or what you think you deserve. You deserve what you are producing
Mr math expert, please explain why CEO pay is rising faster that corporate profits, s&p, workers pay, and minimum wage. Also explain for us why the decrease in minimum  wage adjusted for inflation is a good thing. Show your work
CEOs more than their market value at a loss for fun. Is that really what you think they're doing? Bc that's what you're suggesting. And minimum wage has been flaccid because the value of low skilled labor has stayed flaccid for several reasons. This is Highschool stuff.
If Bernie Sanders can afford to retire with health insurance to the lake house, maybe he shouldn't place such big bets with the health insurance and civil rights of millions of Americans.
That makes no sense. Sanders has fought for health insurance and civil rights for decades.  You're resort to a lame "lake house" retort just underscores how little you establishment folks have on the guy. Do you think everyone can't see that? (hint - they can)
Later there will be postings on how all Dems need to come together in order to defeat the GOP and how we should quit asking for things like reform so as not to threaten what they have planned for us.
For establishment Dems, reform is like gun control for NRA lobbyists. Now is never the time
Do you want:

Candidates not funded by big
$15 mw
Single payer
Reparations for slavery
CJ reform
Legal
Green energy jobs
No war
Regulate Wall Street
Break up big banks
Tuition free college
Cancel student debt
Higher taxes on rich/co’s

GOP/Dems don’t

http://gp.org 
I am hardly an 'establishment' DEM I am a woman of color whose life experience informs my outlook in a way that differs from yours.  Bernie was never in danger of losing his healthcare.  People that I know and love were.  The stakes were much higher for some of us than others.
Ok, but I'm not sure I see your point. Can anyone name an elected official in the US  that fought harder against the GOP's efforts to gut Obamacare than Sanders?  I can't.He barnstormed across the country, participated in televised debates, and rallied people to defend the plan.
Obamacare was in danger of getting unwound, civil rights were in danger of getting rolled back, but folks fr further left attacked & attacked & attacked DEMS calling people like me neo-liberal corporate shills & we lost. Bernie tried to fix it after he broke it, is sad comfort...
Most unfortunate, but reflects a HUGE number of people in our country. Alas so many (points to many below) believe varied lies. A decent living wage does NOT mean luxury & extravagance, it means breaking even, bills covered & needs met.
Say it again and louder for those who think basic necessities for living are a luxury. These people probably consider themselves Christians but they would be dead wrong.
Religion has nothing to do with this & to pinpoint that with disdain & blame is equally shameful. Alas, I've heard from too many who believe in inflation fears by Economists & past situations. To end fears someone has to PROVE that inflation won't happen nor hurt the economy.
I understand your point. And the point I was making is most of Congress has religious beliefs but forget the basic tenet of helping their fellow man.  l'm not ashamed to call folks out on their hypocrisy. Neither party has done anything to promote a living wage for all.
Again, it really boils down to people who were fed lies & fears based upon what Economists stated as well as past situations. PROVE to the American public that a Living Wage for ALL Citizens will NOT cause inflation or economist collapse. THAT is what they afraid of.
Apologies, Economic collapse, not economist. LOL The Government ONLY reflects the people. So instead of focus upon the Government, focus upon the American people to ask & do what is right, & NOT be led by fears.
Totally agree. We've been too passive in allowing others to tell us what's best for us.  Some of are woke to the fears used to keep us from questioning and demanding better from the companies that employ us.
Most I've spoken to who are afraid of the wage & economy are those older than I. Those are the people who've experienced different economies & so they are stuck on their own understanding of life & money. An understanding that causes much strife.
#SupportDisneyWorkersUnion
#SupportWalmartWorkersUnion
#MinWage15Hour 
No one is being "forced" to work at Disney, Senator.  But why should little things like voluntary contracts and facts interfere with your contempt of the successful?
None of your business what Disney pays its CEO, or employees.
Bernie, can I work for you? I don’t agree with any of your ideas, but at least I’ll get a good pay for doing... what does your staff actually do?
Disagree. 
There have to be entry jobs for teenagers, students, immigrants. Then they move on and up.

When you were young, these jobs were limited (no fast food, etc) & no one earned living by mowing lawns, babysitting, chopping wood, clearing land, tutoring...
The 1% in this great country of ours control over 60% of wealth. That leaves the other 99% of the population with less than 40%, living paycheck to paycheck in most cases. That’s the American way just ask any 1%er
And lower the tijcket price for the parks which are outrageous.
This country is a Democratic Republic that operates as a Capitalist society, not yet a Sicialist society.  CEOs get paid on a competitive basis. If not, they are free to move to another company.  They produce and get paid accordingly, not like politicians who get paid same!
CEOs in this country get paid out of proportion to CEOs in other industrial countries. The idea of a competitive basis is false. It is based on culture not performance.
Ours is one of the most  productive countries-thus in order to retain top talent they get paid accordingly.  It’s called supply and deman-guess you think everyone is as stupid as you and your fellow Socialists!
So I'm a socialist because I believe in a market driven economy. Next time you make accusation read through someone's comments.
Same with Hollywood actors & actresses and sport team owners & players.  They all make hundreds & thousands of times the lower salaries within their businesses.  Take up a cause and snuff out this injustice.  Don’t forget the politicians too.  #MAGA
Actors and athletes are significantly below CEOs in income range, and most actors and athletes are poor unless they become star players.
I thought this about paying living wages & income gaps. When it affects the liberal base in terms is Celebs, music, etc then the excuses & justifications start. Many CEOs started companies, put own money at risk, worked decades to be CEO & are responsible for employees. #MAGA
The vast majority of actors are poor to middle class.  Think of touring actors living out of suitcases and appearing in dinner theatre many states away from home.
EVERY company or organization that pays its head honcho more than US$100,000 annually needs to make sure that EVERYONE ELSE in the organization can afford life's basics. Home. Food. Medical care. Education. Childcare. Transportation. Retirement.
Hahaha oh Bernie you have no clue how the real world works
You mean the rest of the modern nations in the world that pay their workers a living wage? I think he does
He’s never had a job
Senator, mayor, congressman?
Bernie , how much are you worth? You should start putting you millions where your mouth is!!
No Senator they can and must pay their employees a wage to which both parties agree. That's the heart of successful system, mutual agreement. Not one side forcibly exploiting the other like you seem to glorify.
Again, like the scenario at Walmart..greed, greed, greed. I'm so saddened by the lack of compassion and not hearing the cry for more help that they deserve
When employees were stopped from sharing in their company’s success, it was the beginning of destroying the American Dream. Make America Great Again by sharing profits. It’s easy.
We used to raise the min. wage every year ,tell us a little more about what and when this changed.When and how was the deal made between both parties to keep it as low as poss?$15.00 should be the least anyone should make in this country.BIG business is failing our country
Yeah, let Wendy and Peter get more cash.
We have minimum wages and salaries.  What about maximum?  Any income over 2 million a year is taxed at 100%.  (I just arbitrarily chose 2 million, I would support any research that justifies more or less for a 100% tax threshold).
Actually, it she be any "unspent income" over - say 20M, gets taxed @ 90% - like it used to.  Forcing them to spend the money would also have a positive effect...while remain some of the cry points..just a thought
I think I understand the gist of your post and we appear to agree.
If u want a real solution to our tax problem, we need to eliminate income tax and replace it with:. http://www.apttax.com . This litterally solves all tax problems with massive fairness & efficiency.
All of the numbers for the "Apt" tax or "Flat" tax are completely off.  That is why no one takes it seriously.
U may B confused. Most flat taxes talked about R on "income".  APT Tax is on payments, would B replacement of income tax, all automated, cleared daily @ bank level, no tax filing or Byzantine tax code, extends tax 2 the full economy - broadest base, lowest rate of .0035
I don't want a flat tax. I propose (an arbitrary example):  up to 30k no tax, 31k-60k 5%, 61k - 90k 7%, 91k - 150k 12%, 151k - 250k 20%, 251k - 500k 30%, 500k - 2mil 45%, 2 mil + 100%.  See my next post for an individual example.
Someone who makes 10 mil a year would pay: $8,779,850 in taxes.  The numbers are not my point it's the concept that the super wealthy need to be penalized for not spreading the wealth. The original article was about Disney CEO and employees.
Oh em gee @disney-I loved slaving away with 50 hours per week at $8.20/hr and bringing home a $200 pay check. Really loved living off of $800/month! Thanks for allowing me to get creative with ramen noodles and canned Spam #disney #disneyworld #poverty
I agree Bernie.
I'm sorry but there's nothing that guy can do that's worth 100 million dollars lolz.
If it is so bad they can fire Disney and get another job.
If they quit they aren't entitled to unemployment. People live paycheck to paycheck. You spend what you make. That isn't a choice that's indentured servitude.
How about lining up another job before you quit if you live paycheck to paycheck? 
That isn't always up to me or millions of Americans who get laid off by no fault of their own, because a corporation cares more about its profits than it's very own people. Look at Toys-R-Us for instance.  31,000 without a job or severance because the company filed bankruptcy.
How would you like to sit in my shoes and have to tell a father of 3 he's being laid off before Christmas because my asshole CEO who makes $14,320 an hour believes that Father of 3 is less important than profits?
When did we start talking about layoffs? We were talking about employees unhappy with their compensation. You want to talk about layoffs, how many would have to be laid off to keep park admission below $200 per day with employees at $30 per hour? This company employs nearly 200k
You don’t have a valid argument do you change the subject and try to equate it somehow. In reality, Disney employees are overwhelmingly happy with their situation or Disney would be in trouble. They are certainly not the only employer in Los Angeles
You're casting aspersions on my asparagus. It's funny you should mention that under the assumption that the majority of Americans would have to declare bankruptcy from just one unexpected medical bill. 69 percent of Americans reported having less than $1,000 in savings.
Disney can pay its CEO & workers whatever it wants. You have no right telling them how to run their business.
actually , that is what regulation is for
Who are you to decide how much a CEO should make?
neither Bernie nor i said that should be changed
How much should their workers make?
Your media team really needs to fact check and get a better editor. You are worse than @CNN. #FakeNews
When you say tax cuts for 1% the rich shut up and take it. Say living wage to poor and middle class and those same groups wants to argue with you. SMH
????
Because the CEO’s are more valuable to the company.
Not true. A CEO without workers means nothing. Workers without a CEO, still make things function half decent!
So the person making the decisions for the company doesn’t deserve more money than someone selling hotdogs? If this is true companies would save 100 million dollars and not hire a CEO.
That's not what I said nor the point. Point is there must be a sense of fairness and not a sense of abuse.
To consenting parties coming together and agreeing upon an amount of money to exchange for labor is fair. The government coming in and forcing the one paying the salary to pay more is unfair.
It’s his business because he’s a representative of the American people and is looking out for their interests. I don’t like Social Democracy, but at least he’s trying
The government should be making sure that their citizens are properly compensated for their labor. Stop using straw men.

I wouldn’t work there for $10/hr
American businesses should pay foreign workers a living wage too.
Have lived in Daytona Beach 4 35 years. Cannot afford to go to Disney. prices too high. Went there once and 1972. Pay the people living wages so they can pay their rent , Orlando is expensive to live in.
Never been to their theme parks. I don't like rats! Mouse, no. Anything that big is a rat.
The parks are great, but increasingly expensive. They do everything they can to not pay their employees much though
I've heard they're amazing but I have a fear of life sized theme park characters. They're in the same category as clowns as far as I'm concerned. I know I'm sad but it's just who i am. There are far too many companies that don't pay their workers a living wage.
If the DNC can get taxpayers to lavish their members with multiple oversized properties, it can and it must sell those properties, purchase modest dwellings for those owners, and disburse the remainder of funds for decent living conditions for all their constituents...
It can, but for goodness sake, this is a free country and they can pay their workers whatever they want, and if the employees don't like it, they can get a better paying job.
Once again more proof that wealth people are the worst not heros. I grew up with two parents who went through the Great Depression caused by rich assholes andTHEIR Republican Party. Poor whites knew this but forgot it after civil rights bill of 1964.
Haha you tax everything...soda tax,carbon tax,highest electricity bill,home crisis for not approving new homes to construct, law suits for new homes in the area of construction good and blame companies
What part about private sector don't you understand?
I make more money hourly in the @Publix deli than a Disney employee does.
Disneyland employees have to sign nondisclosure agreements so that the populace doesnt become aware of how shitty it is to work there.
Modern day slavery in the richest country in the world!
US is fucked. What else is new? #capitalism 
How much you making  these days?
I love hearing this crap from a millionaire, give it up
Why?
How is it that we can afford to lavish you with a salary of 174 grand with free air flight and pay the majority of your healthcare costs, but social security recipients are forced to survive on 13 grand a year
The average employee, like yourself, wouldn't even be able to understand Disney's p&l reports. 
If wage gaps are truly your passion, then why don't you have your salary reduced to what the average American makes, between 40 & 45 grand a year?
@Disney WTF Disney !!! How about a massive strike? How about you pay your #workers with the #millions your CEO is making in bonuses.  This would greatly improve their qualité of life.  Thank you @SenSanders for sharing
And lower the price of admission... I shouldn't have to take out a loan to take my family to Disney World...

-
go away, bernie.
Never.
Crazy Bernie.  Why don't you hand over what you make, that seems to be what you think every one else should do
If it weren’t for Bernie’s Double standards, he wouldn’t have any...
What's wrong with you people....eat and let eat, for the love of God...
They can also blame their socialists California government for making it way to expensive for the average joe to get by. But let’s not let facts get in the way right.
And what about here in Florida? Are to we to blame the Republican controlled government or should we "not let facts get in the way?"
Welcome to the real world
GREED , REMEMBER THAT WHEN u buy those tickets TO GET IN about $600-800 this year,  ,even mickey is in on greed train ! Workers sure don't get it
If you took  $100mm away from the CEO and evenly distributed it to all 74,000 Disney employees, they'd get $1300.00. They'll get more than that with the tax breaks. Nice try,  leave math to the business professionals,  OK?
Seriouslly @SenSanders ? Trump is still in the White House and this is what you are tweeting about? #wtf
They can't afford since they're off spending a very expensive PR blitz to make Avengers Infinity War the biggest ever movie of all time after spending $1B for the films (including Avengers 4), with $400M for the stars, including $200M alone for RDJ. :-)
Honestly thought it was going to be a lot lower than 10.71.
Disney Corp is a marauding machine  of empty dreams, sexist ,racist tropes and the ruination of good studios, theater and talent. Disneyworld is an overpriced carnival plunked down on a drained swamp run by exploited labor with little or no accountability or oversight.
When I think how much higher my Disney stock would be without him.
How about congress increase minimum wage and reduce taxes on the poor?
Ironically directly under this was an ad for #disneyworld
Did u escape from the nursing home again....Mr paid cash for a half a million dollar home...kettle pot...black
What does that have to do with people not making living wages lol
Define living wage
"She lived in her car and that gym parking lot was her home...She didn’t have enough money to get her own place and my heart broke because all she did was give and give...for a company that took and took from her."

Hey ... site your sources ... this is YOUR propoganda ...
The sick real face of capitalism!!! American culture is digustuing!!!
Good one Bernie!!
That will never happen.
@Disney Are you taking notes??
America greed. Do you expect and thing else from republicans? I don't anymore.
You guys won’t go after American companies…many corporations EXIST off the BACKS OF PART TIME WORKERS. Laughable when same companies PAY DIVIDENDS.
How can one Senator from Vermont have so many homes when some people have none? Unfair Bernie!
Why don’t they just get better jobs?
Disney, just another blood sucking greedy corporation.
I wonder how much their also ripping off their Chinese workers here in Shanghai Disney?
Disney is for pedophiles anyway
Hey I actually agree with Bernie for once
The success of a business is not only tied to its CEO, but to every employee. #JakePretotForCongress
Tragic!
Is there no limit to the greed???
Such excessive manipulation of corporate resources should be made illegal. We need reasonable limits!
We need to find a way to force them to. They need to and should pay their fair share of taxes in addition to paying workers a living wage. What will it take?
Disney can do what it wants, because they have that freedom sorry Bern, you're just going to have to stick to your mansion in the Green Mountains.
or they could find another job that pays them better. They know their pay b4 the start. Economics101. Learn it Berntard.
Said the Communist...please go free these captives, Comrade!
or replace them with illegal immigrants
Disney pays no tax. Trump wants Amazon to tax more.
Are they being held captive and forced to work there?
It "must"? Not if it doesn't want to, it doesn't, especially if it involves profits.
Why? Because payroll is the biggest expense, and the only one it has total control over on how much is spent on it. 
Because Rule of Acquisition #211
Because "it's nothing personal" capitalism.
Welcome to the world of business.

Government should never be telling private business what they should be paying anyone.
Why do CEOs need so much money? They should be capped at 1 million.
Typical of the greed in the US
Why wouldn't they be able to pay market rates?

How much do your interns get paid again?

#doasIsayNotAsIDo
Yes! Finally someone in power is talking about this! Thank you Bernie.
This is not how Disney theme parks were meant to operate! I've heard some of the Disney family doesn't care for how it's operated and Roy Disney didn't care for Iger (or Eisenhower) for this reason! I love Disney but I don't approve of Iger's operation of it
Go Bernie
This should include all of these companies paying CEO'S Million dollar salaries
@Keyraalovee
I saw lol
Do you have any clue what Capitalism is ? Your socialist agenda needs to stop !
It's not just a matter of affording more; it's a matter of whether you earned it or not. You are still using the same argument as minimum wage earners who are in entry level positions. You have become rich off of our tax money. How about you donating some of your money, Bernie?
I have an idea: Why don't you put yourself on our social security system, , get the same health insurance as everyone else, and not be a career politician by having term limits? That would help balance our budget.
Communists are hilarious. Listen, if wages go up what happens is that companies hire less people and force those they hire to perform more duties.

Have you been asleep, Bernieman for the last 7 decades? This is trite knowledge
But all the stuff you mentioned is already happening...

Don't like the pay, find another job!
One would think.....!
No different than congress getting paid millions for nothing, retire at 140k per year with all medical paid by me.
Thank you,  they're holding our tax bonus money until we decide to keep the raise they want to give us, holding our bonus money Ransom.Thank
Lol! Just stop Bernie. You have the dumb.
#DISNEYMUSTPAYALIVINGWAGE#DisneyAnUnhappyPlaceToWork
Why “must” they. Is there a new law or something that forces companies to increase employee pay just because you say so?
Just saw a add for Disney hiring positions say that it pad over a grand a week so what’s Bernie’s deal. Typical socialist ideology they have money I want and need to control leave Disney alone
Clueless apes commenting on a subject they know nothing of. He is the one leading the company, therefore providing the jobs you so desperately need. Wanna make more? Attract more businesses to the US and create competition.
Yes, I'm sure he does $34 million worth of work per year, not to mention his $100 million stock option.
Boycott Disney!
Math Bernie... do you do it?  Four hundred and twenty five million divided among 199,000 employees.  Works out to a one-time payment of 2,135.68.  Cutting the CEO"s salary doesn't magically make more money available to everyone else.
They can first start by stopping the hiring of illegals because they can pay them less money than the hard working Americans they replace them with. What are YOU doing about that? #bankfraudbernie #bullshitbernie
Disney hires ZERO illegals. Try again.

A- not illegals. 
B- one small dept. 
C- Lawsuits dont equal guilt. This case was later thrown out, turned into a class action, and is on going. 
So try again.
yeah cast members are always on strike. they don’t get paid nearly enough for what they go through
If we quit importing cheap labor, wages would go up
I have no choice by to go, because of my grandchildren, but otherwise I would not. It's a rip off.
It makes you angry
This is a capitalist nation. This is what it is designed for. Rome burned for a reason. Let it burn once more.
Hey as long as the Disney big wigs make all the dough, that’s all that matters right?  Things will only change if patrons hit em in the wallet.
No. What will happen is that they will fire staff. So your little outrage results into people being jobless on the street. You know sometimes the best thing to do is to do nothing.
When you really look into it, the way Disney operates is despicable and morally reprehensible
Maybe if you want to make more than 10 an hour you should go to college instead of working at a theme park...
Only its workers are part of the 99% and they have to suffer.
It can and it should, NOT must.
Just makes me wonder what this guy does, and to whom, that he makes so much dough.
This is a problem within Thousands of corporate structures.  It's called greed and corruption.

we're back to the #RobberBaron
Shhhhhh
Bernie what is your net worth and how did you acquire it ...being a public servant and all? #potcallskettleblack
So says you and your life time full pay retirement and benefits.
At the moment, Bernie Sanders is the only politician talking about helping us. People are struggling...hello...anybodyLuv you Bernie to the moon and back 
...Or stop charging me hundreds of dollars to go to their crappy theme parks.
It’s so interesting how socialist democrats believe that a living wage isn’t earned but demanded
10 dlls an hour? "Starvation wages"?....God! you guys wouldn't last a day in any developing country.
Sorry, things cost more here
Some things do...some others are equally expensive...gas is the best example
Well in southern California no one can live off of $10/per hr with the rent for even a studio being $1300 -$2000.
I think California (in general) is just something else...
Definitely
#Disney will pay what people are willing to work for.  Using envy to scapegoat disney’s ceo won’t change the exonomic dynamics. 

Eliminating the fed,  encouraging #entrepreneurs, and liberalizing markets will create more better paying jobs and force disney to raise wages.
No one deserves or needs that much money. Where would he be without every single worker who makes the company successful. And maybe that’s why the parks charge such exorbitant prices. Gotta get the CEO his big bucks!
Apparently Bernie you know nothing about what it takes to run a business
Apparently, John, you know nothing about what it takes to make a society prosper.
It takes a person who works for a living to make the world function, not a socialist,
How many houses you own??


@PhillyD @IHTCWYJD @joncozart @missmalindakat @gates_mcfadden @wilw @coollike
And lower their medical
Dam Shame!! Boycott???
And Walmart...
************HAPPY BIRTHDAY, BERNIE!!!**************

Today's your special day, right?   The day we celebrate working on behalf of the gov't and its largesse (April 17th)

Thanks for all you do!  (steal)
Work somewhere else nobody is making them work there
So only full-time family bread-winners are allowed to work at Disney?
They don’t know how to run their business!
Disney has too many golden parachute and I'm seeing bad trends on how they handle disability for inclusion warfare!
Pay workers more and give stock holders a share of the profits.
May as well go the extra step and make it a co-op!
Walt is rolling
@Jerian56 @ian_relish @Classic_S_w_a_g 
yep
If his employees are working full time and getting government benefits, then it's Disney who's mooching off the gov't, NOT the workers.
You sound jealous. Maybe you should quit sucking off the government teet and get a teal job.
This is America in 2018. All show on the outside, but no substance on the inside. #DisneyDisgrace
If you can afford multiple houses you can and must deny your government pay and pension because you can afford it. Taxpayers, however, can't afford you
Not sure how one can enjoy the so called “magic kingdom” knowing it’s characters are among the impoverished due to the lack of fair wages.
Thanks Bernman! For the people!





I just can’t imagine being that greedy...
One of my favorite song lyrics:
"Disney bought the fantasies and piles of eyes"
Makes sense?
Disgusting! How hard is it to live on a million $ salary and better the lives of your employees?! The greed of CEO’s is appalling!
after all how much can a mouse eat??
Once again showing your complete and utter incompetence when it comes to economics. Artificially raising wages does nothing but hurt the ones you say you are supposedly helping.
And taxes. Don't forget taxes.
Reveal what you pay all of your staff and those who work in your house, do you pay a fair wage?
The only way for ppl to rise up above the thumb is to stick together ,demand respect and a living wage. In other words form a strong union! The makers of the middle class and the ones who brought you the weekend! FYI the republicans are against them why bc they cost the co 2 much
So the vicious cycle is this. Workers can't afford to live much less buy. They die off from no Healthcare, businesses diebecause sales are down, and will continue because 50% live pay check to pay check. those greedy CEOs retire on easy street while the cycle repeats.
The USA has now become a 2 nd world country now evidenced by the  rampant poverty
@Disney @WaltDisneyWorld @WaltDisneyCo & its CEO are the most corrupt company in America. They work w/ #Trump @realDonaldTrump #FakeNews @FoxNews #FoxNews daily. We must stop Disney. @davidhogg111 @MeTooMVMT @Emma4Change @CNN @cnni #news #Google @Google @nytimes @nypost @NRA FACT
bECAUSE YOU ARE AGAINST UNIONS
SOCIALIST!! Businesses are in business to make money and pay workers based on skill required, availability of workers, and profit margin to keep the business thriving. 
If the state, local, and federal govt didn't overtax employees, they would have a living wage. More tax cuts!!
If you government workers didn’t live such lavish lifestyles, perhaps we wouldn’t have to pay such high taxes. Bernie you are a great American embarrassment.
So if you take Bob Iger's 36million salary divide by the 200k Disney employs= $180, now ÷ 52 week ÷ 40 possible working hours =$0.09
Perspective
Robert A. Iger Chairman and CEO $41,988,730,
Alan N. BravermanSenior exec. VP, General Counsel, Secretary $9,725,000
Kevin A. MayerSenior exec. VP, Chief Strategy Officer $5,157,000
M. Jayne ParkerExec. VP and Chief Human Resources Officer $4,465,000
Orin C. Smith Board member; Former President and CEO, Starbucks Corp.$369,668 
Robert W. Matschullat Board member; Former CFO, The Seagram Company Ltd.$356,464 Susan E. Arnold Board member; Operating executive, The Carlyle Group $330,813 
Monica C. Lozano Board member;
Chair of U.S. Hispanic Media $311,528 Fred H. Langhammer Board member; Chairman of Global Affairs for The Estee Lauder Companies Inc.$304,422 
Aylwin B. Lewis Board member; President and CEO of Potbelly Sandwich Works $299,311
Sheryl K. Sandberg Board member; COO of Facebook Inc. $294,469
John S. Chen Board member; Executive chairman and CEO, Blackberry Ltd.$287,927
Jack Dorsey Board member; Founder and chairman, Twitter Inc.
$217,709
Tom Staggs & George Kalogridis BIG $$$$$$$$$

Perspective.
All things considered, I think we can give it the old college try and maybe, just maybe, you folks can earn that title of the Happiest Place on Earth.¯\_(ツ)_/¯
add all executive salaries, divide them by the number employees, number of hours worked in a year. You'll find that those CEOs/ corporations, & stockholders literally make a few pennies per hour off of each employee. At the same time the government takes <$2 per hour
Do you not understand if you force companies to pay more to there employees, they will then raise the price of there products. The cost of living will go up. All the government can do is clear the way for new competitive jobs. To many companies would have left if you would've won
Those prices have gone up even when we got no raises
Exactly Disney is now charging their hotel guests to pay for parking on their property on top of overpriced rooms.  With no improvements to the lots and it's a tiered plan.  But no one's wages were raised to excuse this.

