But it's okay to raid someone's office, violating attorney client privilege .

Shut up moron
You don’t have attorney client privilege when your lawyer is committing crimes with you
Name the specific crimes or shut the fuck up.
Bank fraud, wire fraud, campaign finance violations, conspiracy to commit all of those crimes. Next question
Show us proof or shut the fuck up.

Oh wait, You can't because there is none.

Next!!
Tell that to the magistrate judge, the US attorney, and the deputy attorney general who all decided that Cohen was in possession of evidence of those crimes. 

Or is the entire justice system a conspiracy against you? Lol
Dude move on u have no proof the system is corrupt no crimes will be charged and u know it commie turd
There's PLENTY of poof it's corrupt.
Get your head out of your ass.
Meanwhile, white supremacists are literally killing and terrorizing communities. #uva #austin #charleston
And they are also being investigated. Anyone who terrorizes should be investigated. It’s not a race, sex, or identity thing.
I agree except hate crimes ARE a thing and should be investigated as such. Has the FBI targeted white supremacists for investigation? Please, someone let me know. I'd love to be wrong about this.
Please no

I never voted for Bill Clinton.
the new rapist, not the old one
I Never voted for Bernie Sanders either.
why weren't you saying anything about the IRS targeting conservative groups... you are a turd
They didn’t do that. You’re ill-informed and gullible.
They absolutely did. You are just unconcerned with government overstep against people you hate. There is easily as much proof of that as they have on Trump's lawyer.
No, there isn’t. You just have a persecution complex because you’re a white male conservative.
Wait...didnt you just stereotype based on race and gender?
Being a conservative dipshit who thinks that oppressed people wanting equality is tantamount to you being oppressed is a choice, actually
I guess that's a little like pretending socialism and democratic socialism end up differently.
Uh the whole point is to get to socialism. Congrats on understanding basic definitions, I suppose
Black lives matter is a bunch of black supremecists. Maybe read up on what they fight, like someone who was robbing cars and then shooting at police was shot by police but they called it police brutality.
How. They are not the ones walking around carrying assault rifles and scaring minorities.they are not the ones preaching bigotry and hate. They are a nonviolent, peaceful organization. As with any they have bad actors that Fox likes to perpetuate but it’s not true
Nonviolent? You call looting stores and riots nonviolent?
How does being against violence have anything to do with race. I dont like white supremacists or black ones. The difference is that BLM is supported by politicians.
They want to stop systemic racism, which doesnt exist. I won't fight for a cause that has no factual basis.
What u call outing of voter rolls to only minorities. Why minorities have less in family wealth by a hundred thousand dollars. Why are blacks sentenced to longer prison terms than whites for identical crimes.the fact that u can’t acknowledge them shows ur own stupidity
It's outrageous that when I bring up the words "Identify Politics", the Bernie Bots try to kill my mentions; they are surveilling AND trying to get black people on twitter fired.
Identity politics give benefits to people based on race, gender, and sexual orientation in order to fight bias towards specific race, gender, or sexual orientation. How is that not hypocritical?
Systemic racism is so ingrained in society that you think this is about "benefits" as opposed to awareness of racial and other biases is...expected. I have to worry about a traffic stop, where do you squeeze "benefits" out of that?
Also, systemic racism IS identity politics
Why not white christian identity extremists.
Because there are none.
Don't you watch the news (besides Fox)??
I don’t watch Fox News.
Well, pick up a news paper, NPR, MSNBC.
If you think those are good sources then you need your head examined
What do you call people like David Koresh, who came out of the Seventh-day Adventist Church?
A fucking lunatic.

But that’s apart from the main topic.
Show us your TAXES Bernie
He already did.
Really When? Source?
He released them for 2014, which were the only ones he had to release while running. Click on the links. It covers all bases. You can stop spreading Hillary’s lies for her.
Thanks for the link, it is amusing to note the question at the end of the article, where hills had pledged to release the transcripts to her WS speeches once Sanders released his tax info.
She didn't but wikileaks did 
Hillary accountable? Never! Not even for her own promises.

Hahaha Julian Assange who won’t leave an embassy because of rape charges against him.
Just as bad as senators keeping their mouth shut over rigged dnc primary’s, but I’m sure that’s not so bad in ur eye right bern
It was rigged against him, fucknut. Now it’s Bernie’s fault Hillary committed election fraud with the DNC against Bernie himself? I mean I know hillary fans are foolish, but this might be the dumbest thing anybody ever tweeted, and the president tweets daily.
Let me guess u were one of the dumb bastards that went and voted for Hillary after  damn soy boys 
Huh.
If that's how you feel, by the same logic, you'd also be against the FBI watching the alt-right. They're a small group of bigoted people, but they think they're fighting for racial issues for white people. See the problem with your idea?
Any black extremists shooting up churches and schools lately?
Yes actually.
Bernie please retire. Dems don’t need you splitting the party. Look what we have now as a result. Thanks a lot old man.
How much is Putin paying you to divide the left?
If @TheDemocrats kill the progressive movement they can kiss my ass goodbye for good. I voted for Obama twice and all I got was a bunch of new wars and fucking Romneycare. I'll watch the GOP tear this country down around our ears before I vote for another corporate Dem.
Hear ya. You might get to watch the GOP tearing down this Country. Don’t think the Dems have a compelling message that will change the tide.
Wtf? Are you the same account that posted at the top of the thread and told Sanders to retire? He's the only person offering any better options or a compelling message. If he retires, corporate Dems with no substance will be almost all that's left.
The Dems Chrome finds acceptable have no compelling message, for sure. But the progressive wing has a solid plan for making the Democrats a party for the working class, again. Bernie. Tulsi. Nina. I would vote for any of them. Harris? Biden? Booker? Kennedy? Hell NO.
The fact that Chrome accepts that her "acceptable" Dems have no electable message does, rather, beg the question...

What the HELL makes you think they're acceptable?
You guys are way to serious for me. I  have not identified a candidate suited for the 2020. We need to workout our differences and get back into the game. No harm guys.
Did the kremlin put you up to this Bernie? you cannot win Black votes this way- POC know you’re a fraud—
Approvals don’t win election- they actually lose by 40%- nice they tho

Continually Tweeting memes to prove a point doesn’t prove anything except your ignorance.
No- it’s funny and true- Bernie is a POs and so is his wife- how’s that fbi investigation going?
This is what you find outrageous about the #fbi Bernie?
You don't?!
I find the fbi outrageous altogether
Then what's the problem?
Seems a cherry picked pandering attempt
You honestly think that criticizing FBI is pandering in today's politics? 

How many Democrats are currently critical of FBI?
His particular criticism I find to be a pandering attempt especially in today’s political climate with the gun violence going on and the fbi’s attn brought to the individuals who carried out the shootings on multiple occasions without any action on their part.
So pretty much the only Dem politician who curently criticizes the FBI is pandering?
Unless they promote violent extremism, like muslim terrorist who would kill you for no other reason than because you are jewish.
I sent an FOIA request to the FBI on myself. I’m a little bothered they had no file on me. I guess I’m not a hardcore enough activist. Something to aim for this year :-)
So it is okay for them to do that to a white group?!?  It is either right or wrong. But it cannot base on color. I bet there are some white BIE! So it is okay to spy on them? Idiot!
David you are too kind for the compliment. I did more of a jog instead of run. Since bernie wont answer, Can you?  Are you saying it is only okay to spy on white folk only?
Neither him nor I have said that. Only an inherent racist would make that inference. It's not okay to label any peacful activist as extremist to spy on them.
I am all for spying on the KKK, and all hate group.  NO matter what color they may be.  Hate is Hate.  And you calling me an racist?!  You don't know me.  If i was African American would you call me a racist?  Be careful how you answer.  I'll send my pic.
Never bernie never
Says an asset of Russia
Go away gramps. Senility is severe.
Don't throw stones from a glass house. You look like you'll be right on your way out along side him. At least he still has his wits about him, can't say the same for you.
Yes, the kkk has been investigated many time and arrest have been made, all you have  to do is look it up, before making a joke of your self, and they should have, just like any black radical racist should, Its sad our own government will put post like this just to stir sh#t up!
KKK and BLM are hardly comparable.
FBI has never gone far enough to arrest all kluxers as part of RICO STATUTE.SOME R COPS Preach violence act out
OR if you prefer they are an illegal Terrorist Hate group that Conspires to undermineUS CONSTITUTION deny POC humanity and rights blame Jews with conspiracy theories.
But probably okay with you if they spy on conservatives and conservative political candidates right? I bet you are okay using the same hillary tactics that she used on you to defeat any conservative rival of your's.
Bernster!!!!!!!!!!!
Fuck your “history”.
>REEEEEEEEEEE 

Why so sad Dave?

Fill this out and I'll get back to you shortly.
Wealth Inequality is driving paranoia amongst the wealthiest Americans to ensure their thirst for more greed never ends.
The FBI has a long racist history.
Benie what about the poor white people?
He’s fighting for all poor people. Black white asian Latina Native American gay straight etc
No he isn’t.
FuckYouBernieSanders FuckYouJillStein

What's your link to Russia 

Putin'sPuppet 

Not a Democrat 

Sanders = MAWA

#trollproblems more to come.
Ikr 
Wondering how  Twitter will make this a racist statement, but they never disappoint.
Oh, dude. You think it stops there? Anybody against War or the Duopoly has a file. All devices, all isp's, everything. All Berners, DSA, Green, MPP Peoples Party, Poor Peoples Campaign, BLM, Socialists. We all got a file. #SurveillanceState 
Yeah, I was mulling over the thought of saying something like this, but you covered my sentiments very well here.
The FBI shouldn’t be violating civil rights or constitutional rights by surveilling people no matter what race or political beliefs they have.
I agree, but, uh, that is literally all the FBI has ever done.
This is why we nominated you, Bernie. 
Too bad our votes weren't counted.
The FBI monitors Black activists more than white terrorists..and we know why
More of this please.
Wonder where all the Hilaryneolibs are? Oh yeah cheering the FUCKING FBI.
The Black Panthers were the closest to a VIOLENT Black Identity group & majority of the time was to DEFEND themselves against harrasment & overzealous cop & FBI....every modern group that i know of is NON VIOLENT and exerciseing Constitutional rights of free speech and assemble..
Senator - do you still have an A rating from the NRA???
I think you're confusing Sanders with Howard Dean. It was Dean who had an NRA "A" rating.
Gillibrand did as well

Racial discrimination is illegal.
The FBI is breaking the law.
When will the FBI be held accountable for both past & current illegal activities?
Retire please
Hillarybots said Black Lives Matter might be Russian agents.....
@TheDemocrats
WTH!?
But but according to the hillary cultists you don’t care about POC !
What is a “hillary cultist”? The latest delusion of the minimal mind?
The many people who defend all of Hillary’s horrible policies and wrongdoings.
Let me get this right. You dont care if the FBI illegally raids Trumps lawyer. Your ok when Obama wire taps Trump tower during the election. But you're outraged when the FBI targets blacks. You cant be on both sides.
That is so insane! I'm so tired of the racism in this country! I stand WITH all black and brown people!!
We're going to recognize white supremacists exist, but not black supremacists? You know what would fix this? Not calling everyone who disagrees a racist as a knee jerk reaction.
"Bernie...are you...attacking democracy?" Corporate Media Talking Point
#FBICorruption #BLM #BlackLivesMatter #surveillance #FBI
It's not coincidence that @ShaunKing and his family were pulled out of line and led to an isolated interrogation room when coming back from their vacation to Egypt.
the FBI/CIA's shenanigans are back and BIGGER THAN EVER.
But... what do u say when u are in the same room as these guys after directly calling the whole FBI racists???? Lmao must be awkwardddd
And what u gonna do to stop it Bernie....oh nothing
Atrocious! The white supremacist sick twisted modus operandi: accuse the victims of your racist hate of the evil which you are actually doing. Hitler was a master at this. Jews were the source of evil--that actually he and his Nazis were. So insidious!!!
Bernie supporters are morons
Why do you have more digits in your Twitter handle than followers?
@twitter blocked my previous conservative account. Socialists want to suppress free speech. I lost all my followers and have to start over from zero. Follow me.
Urban majority black schools receive a disproportionately higher amount of funding than that of rural majority white schools. And the urban schools still under preform. It’s not a money problem.
Ha. Reminds me when they called the Panther party communist back in the day and locked them up.
Good to see you speak on this Bernie....glad to see you really give a damn.....now what are you going to do about it...they see my type of love for my and all people as something to be criminalized...we call it Coin-tel pro 2.0. Peace Bernie and respect sir.
Bernie, not true. Stop misrepresenting the kind loving Americans. It is causing strife and division. I know you don’t want that. It is not your fault. They are using you and lying to you. They are hurting us on purpose as revenge. Seek the truth
Get off the drugs, hon. He’s the only one being honest with us.
Oh really. I don’t know what I witness? You aren’t even a real person probably.....
1. And just think Bernie a few months ago the entire Democratic faction was singing encomiums to the FBI something about the greatest thing since salt pork and white sliced bread. I'm surprised they haven't torn down the Washington monument and replaced it with J. Edgar !!
2. They could have garnished support from LGBT by threatening crackdowns unless they agreed and promising the statue would be J. Edgar in drag as a Great Compromise
They're prob also spying on white identitarians.  Y'know, Nazis? Are you also outraged about that or do you only get upset about police keeping an eye on race supremacists if they're black?
That's not how it works though. FBI spied on MLK despite his nonviolence. FBI should treat violent groups the same, but in practice they go after vegetarians and anti-war protesters and ignore right wing goons.
Ignore by continuously actively investigating while making arrests and preventing organized violence by these groups?
What is disgraceful is that you call yourself an American and a man ... You're a communist and a boy lover. Shame on you.
You're so insecure that you put Ph.D. in your screen name.
don't @ me.
The FBI also is surveilling White Supremacy groups.  Just because they are black does not preclude them from surveillance.  If we only did surveillance on whites..wouldn't that be racist??
Please wait ~32 months to read: 

President Bernard Sanders u MUST dismantle the FBI!!! sincerely ur antfi super soldier, PVT. Working Class
Lol but doing it to white people is okay?
WHAT ABOUT WHITE TERRORIST.??
Bernie always shedding light. Counting on you to call this corruption out!
It’s outrageous that the FBI is treated as a hero agency by so-called 'liberals' now.
They even raise money for millionaires who break people's PCs, devices, and likely the law too
#BlackLivesMatter is a terrorist organization
Extremists are not to be ignored because they are black.  Bernie get a clue.  Racism is when you allow a certain person to do something based on their skin color.  So yes they are extremist and they need to be monitored regardless of skin color.  They don't get a free pass.
They aren’t extremists. The government just calls them that. Don’t listen to the government.
Some people are extremists.  Its just how life is and they come in all shapes and sizes and colors and genders and nationalities.  To deny that is ignorance.
Sure, and majority of the activists the FBI tracks aren’t extremists.
So it's ok for fbi to breach lawyer client privlages but not to watch a extremist protest group who might be a threat to American ppl. U are playing this as a racial politics but sounds like u are ok with possible extremist violence
tRump’s lawyer is covering up tRump’s crimes. Attorney-client privilege goes out the window.
How cause trump don't know how his lawyer paid stormy to shut her whore mouth means that it was a crime that didn't justify breaching attorney client and anything they find or try to say Trump did will be irrelevant
What’s outrageous is that the FBI still exists (along with CIA/NSA/ATF/DEA) considering their vast crimes against humanity.

FBI killed MLK

CIA killed JFK

DEA is openly waging a war on the American public...

Fuck these agencies.
Uh, JFK and MLK were killed by lone psychos, Ryan liberty 92.
Lol so you believe in the JFK magic bullet theory?
Hey Bernie. Didn’t you get the memo? Dems are now for the FBI. Someone has to hold the banner for law and Justice. We just got it by GOP default.
Shut your face.

You could have helped prevent this but you went on a book tour, pouted thru the convention & shit on Democrats every chance you got (& still do)

You are a vile, disgusting, carpetbagging PoS.
Bernie is full on Trumper
So you're here to support targeting black activists?
Just hear Trump is going to pardon Scooter Libby? His crime was lying to FBI. Sound familiar?
All they have to do is party Zuckerberg, for the info.
Ey yo Bernie turn off my radio dude and then people might have to take your anger on this seriously 

Wait a tick.. So the feds dont investigate the KKK and neo nazis?? 
Admit it, every race has extremist. I am from El Salvador and it is true.
With these trolls who are “Vote Blue No Matter Who” these are the “Blue Suprimists”
So do you feel that FISA spying on US Citizens who are running for President is unacceptable? How do you feel about the Lynch & Clinton “meeting” in Phoenix. Perhaps if that meeting had happened you’d be Prez. Bernie...thank God that never happened
Well, to change that historical trend America should really realize that democracy is not compatible w th hegemony of th security apparatus as a state within a state beyond control by the civil society
How can people be so numb that close from being blind to truth  there's a invisible war wage against the 99 black and natives are the only person who can't legally be exported so the only good black or natives is a dead one racism is alive and I'll will
Please don't be fooled this is cointel continuance FBI is not or never been to the benefits of the citizens they are not focusing on murder of citizen from public servant if that is not blind justice
Black is still beautiful inspite of the conspicuous intent of people who try to remake nature's choice we are first to walk this earth the music they listen to we created the fundamentals of all philosophy evil lurks waiting to be release  we will overcome ignorance and evil
Obama's FBI went after Conservatives, STAND UP and YELL Bernie!
Never has The Effort to Destroy People of Color & Poor People been so Widely Broadcast & Arguably Concentrated as it is with Evil Administration
It seems that 2nd amendment rights are untouchable even if it's common sense reform, but they'll trample all over 1st amendment rights and no one says a anything.
These are violent groups. They are not activists. You wanting to turn a blind eye to them because they are self-identified as being "black" makes you an idiot.  Should the FBI not monitor activities of white supremacist groups who engage in violent anti-gov activities?
They aren’t violent groups. Don’t you remember cointelpro?
Hey FBI there are some white identity extremists- they are called Fox (not real) News
It's particularly offensive when they are at the same time ignoring the white supremacist terrorists who are already acting out. Can you say institutional racism?
Was just reading a book about nazi and Russian communist dictators and what it was like during the Holocaust and afterwards to live under this rule. It’s sounding more like the US every day. Very sad to think of my country this way.
I wonder what YOUR file says...
If you are not currently working directly with the American Civil Liberties Union or Black Lives Matter; then you do not have the moral authority to weigh in. Are you communicating with these groups, or others?
Bernie is a sellout. Kissing the womans ass who threw him under the bus.  One thing ive noticed about Bernie is he always has to be a sympathizer to score political points.  I am glad he, and the bitch lost!
Fuck yeah! 

Go Bernie!
Is there a "White Identity Extremist" category?
Fear Of A Black America! That's where that comes from. You know how it goes, they have messed POC up so much now they cower behind badges and military armament. That's why Obama was so hated because they thought he was gonna turn the White House into the Black House for sure!
@TheDemocrats @TomPerez @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi what say you about the misuse of federal resources for racist a agenda.
the fbi is NOT your friend.
Not all of these social justice activists are fighting for real equality, some of them are indeed racist black identitarians, so please stop implying that these kind of people do not exist....
The FBI has had a history, especially under the COINTELPRO, of surveilling Black activists who advocate freedom for all people.
Where’s all the @JoyAnnReid lovers who were railing against @KillerMike now? Jus ask for a friend ya’know ... issues one and Da Same bruh
I'm thinking Bernie has some sort of mental problem one minute he's against tRump the next he's helping his agenda.
Really? Who the hell else has marched with Martin Luther King?? Who the hell else was arrested alongside the people protesting for equal rights in the 50s? Man learn history.
And Trump
You put everything in the same box don’t you you? Where were you when the Black Panthers were intemidating elderly white voters? That’s right; you were no where to be found!
Are you running for president again, senator???
Think Progress? Sounds like a regressive purist liberal blog, not a legitimate one using emotions for click bait.
The government murdered and spies on black activists in the last. Why do you think they stopped?
As long as they are watching whackados of all races and backgrounds good ... we don't need any racism of any variety in our society.
So it's o.k. for a black man or woman to act that way but when my people acted out we were called savages, there have been a lot more injustices,  than that of our black community!
Racist
At the end of the day Hillary losing, twice and offending maga chuds is an awesome thing. 
Yet the Parkland shooter wasn’t on anyone’s radar.
#COINTELPRO
What a fake outrage. Now your worried about the FBI...your concern is underwhelming..
#ResistSanders
Just emailed this comment 2 ur boss
It was BLM and AntiFa looting, rioting and burning down their cities after the election. So yeah, they are extremist groups. Color is not a factor.
This is one reason I hesitate to throw full support behind law enforcement agencies. There is always targeted (and accepted) abuses. More than likely, it's against people who look like me.
Yes, clearly the FBI is a far left Soros-funded Deep State progressive corruption machine.
They've done this so many times 
As long as they also have a “White Identity Extremists” team. What’s that? They don’t? Oh...
Well, I'm white but how do I get to be a black identity extremist person so I can fuck with trump?
Just be yourself.
So not wanting to be gunned down by cops gets you labeled a black identity extremist
Hmmmmmmmmmmm, interesting timing.
Admit it. You don't give a single fuck about black people. You just want to help your master's other stooge-in-chief by discrediting the FBI, in very suspicious timing.
Interesting to see you attacking the FBI as well
Long overdue!
Especially after Dallas, 5 police officers killed in case you forgot! Many of us haven’t, especially the widows and children of the officers who were ambushed.
Had it coming imo
Your a piece of shit!
Not the premier law enforcement agency
Yeah..
Batty Bernie. Grabbing again. Typical socialist, never happy. Did you change your poopy diaper? You know what's outrageous, when the fib interferes with client Ttpeney privileges, but your all for threat, YOU PHONEY
Thank you for speaking up on this.  Too many leaders are harassed and often die bc of surveillance and intimidation of this kind. #PowersThatBe
Ha nothing changes, are they goddam communists!
Its because they are and their rhetoric is violent and racist. They should be watched. Seriously how many times did BLM say "fuck whites" ,"kill all whites"  or " whites shouldn't be allowed ti breed"
Bernie i love you but you are wrong on this.
Twitter was a mistake. See below for details.
Is this an attack on American institutions?   Hahaha
American institutions deserve to be attacked
Except when trump does it?
He doesn’t attack American institutions. He controls them.
Bernie can we get some positive posts for a change. Or how about talking about some of your accomplishments. Ofc you actually have to accomplish somethings first other than pointing fingers to distract your followers from the fact your a freeloader.
Thought they were all about the Russians and isn’t a white guy that’s creditability is above reproach? His past coverups about cops and mob dealings kind of says other wise
"Identity Extremism" is not allowing people to be whom God created them to be!
End the Electoral College.
But it’s ok if they spy on the trump campaign???
I remember your outrage at the irs targeting conservatives. Oh wait.
It's as if anything goes.
Ok Lake House calm down.
Maybe we need them to be nra members and you’d be for it
What about the White ones!
See those guys in that pic, Bernie? They look Somali. They happen to be black. Somalia is a cauldron of terrorism/feudal lords. They can't be trusted. I don't care what they call ANY PROGRAM to protect US citizens from FOREIGN INVADERS.
Maybe a good place to look. Is it successful?
Cointelpro 2.0
I also know that abuse in the system, there can be overzealous labels (ie extremist -or- radical) placed on activist groups that could serve a racist agenda.
There's a significant difference in activism and extremism Bernie. I am a true bernie fan, but i am okay with a watchful eye that extremism doesn't become radicalism. I fully support #blm too
I hate Trump. He is a Sociopath! I don’t understand why he’s not impeached yet! I would make a better President than him. I was a CFO before I went on disability from being abused by men my who life. A CFO job is to catch everyone who breaks the law and tell them they can’t. 
Are you trying to keep obama agenda up on RACE and start a fucking Race war you crook
I hope this stops/ends for I have been re tweeting FBI job opportunities
Keep fighting the good fight
FBI is well in its power to investigate extremists. People of color or not.
Where was this concern in 2016
Why aren’t the Fox News people outraged about that. I guess it’s just good law enforcement as opposed to the renegade agents going after real criminals associated with trump.
comeon, bring somethINGg new and ravashing, not that `HE IS A BADGUY ` `RETHORIC. COME ON BRING YOURSELF , NOT TALK ABOUTH THAT IDIOTH TRUMP WHAT ARE you FOR? NOTHING?
What about all the other people the fbi spies on including private citizens and the president. Guess that ok. What a liberal fake you are Bernie !
Diamond and Silk?
you dont bring anithing , Trump is a criminal idioth sure, but you dont bring anithing but words thats not gonna do it.. sytep down or bring us away from trump, dont hang in there ...
Wait I thought the FBI could do no wrong ?
Since Trump was helped into office by his (Man Crush) Putin, His bigotry & Paranoia fuel his every action. Every ignorant thought which escapes the filter between his mind & mouth has proven that! Greed, Bigotry, & Selfishness show that People are only bargaining tools at best!
And you think that non of them behave problematically or that non of them are intolerant?
They like whites can still cause crime at levels of excitement. The FBI has dropped the ball plenty with Hillary, Boston marathon, MSD, and so on
So is it ok if they spy on WHITE supremacists??
Funny how "more government" never turns out how you expect. Something to think about you clown.
Bernie isn’t the point to catch anyone who could be destructive?  Why not have them investigate to catch anyone who may decide to blow something up?  It’s not harmful it’s security. Americans have been, so far, home grown terrorists.
Where the nazi, white natl party, kkk in govt and law Enforcement file and tag tho? Ask the standing rock folks on trail rat now... wait but that Dnt mk news outside of ndn country doe lol smh smdh
Until someone is shot. Then it’s outrageous they didn’t pay closer attention.
Yeah but your perfectly okay with the FBI spying on veterans returning from combat or a guy running for president. 
While removing white supremacists who have committed numerous acts of assault and murders from the watch list. Mm kay
Just like MLK he was being spied by the FBI thanks to J Edgar Hoover who even sent a letter to King saying that he should kill himself
It is a Constitutional Violation to surveil anyone without evidence and a warrant. Only the DHS has further reach, which is NOT legal either. 
They should be monitoring extremists no matter their skin color. If you wish harm on another person based on their religion, skin color, etc you deserve to be monitored to ensure that they aren’t doing harm to people. You’re more intelligent than this Mr Sanders.
Very true. Will you confront all of the racists in government individually or just make general obvious statements like this?
Kind of like the IRS targeting ones they did not like under Lois? The knife cuts both ways Bernie
How about stop spying on all people? Thx
No wonder you lost. You have a problem with them watching people who openly spout racist hate filled statements, who oppose the law and those who defend the law, and who attack anybody who doesn't defend their racist views
bern call crybaby chucky. He has a different opinion.
MR SANDERS FROM WHAT I UNDERSTAND IT'S SESSIONS DOJ THAT'S LEADING THIS CHARGE. I AGREE WITH YOU THAT THIS SHOULD NOT BE GOING ON
The FBI is full of people just like you. Its your folks doing the surveillance. Now what stupid?
Finally something Sanders and I disagree on, always a good thing to have some differences.
Bernie go away!!  Sounding like trump!!!
Bernie, don't use the phone on the right night stand.
do they also follow 'white identity extermists' or nah ?
Is there a list of white identity extremists or latin identity extremists?  What about Democrat identity extremists? Whst about wht hair identity extremists?  So sick of all of this!
Bernie, you are irrelevant.
Apparently the FBI is an equal opportunity civilian spy agency.
The FBI has a long sorted history of predominately focusing their efforts on people perceived to being left-of-center.
But you think it’s just fine to spy on trump or anyone else you don’t like?

Extremists come in all shapes, sizes and colors but feel free to bury your head in the sand
Yet you’re totally cool with them raiding the lawyers of your political opponents? So the egregious misuse of government authority is ok when it helps you? Hypocrite
Well you seem to like the FBI when they’re doing your dirty work to obstruct Trump however they can.
COINTELPRO all over again.
I think it’s a case where the FBI will need to be investigated and the supporters of the clinton crime family will need to be vetted out.
With this Flawed logic used by #Racist #WhiteSupremacist #NaziSympahtizer #JeffSessions & @realDonaldTrump We that #Resist #TheResistance #BlackLivesMatter #MeToo #TimesUp #MarchForOurLives #TakeAKnee #unhackthevote #EmptyThePews @ACLU @splcenter @NAACP_LDF @LambdaLegal cont~
and all Americans against @POTUS #AltRight #DarkMoney #TrumpRussia #Putin #KochBrothers #Mercers #DevosPrinceFamily #WhiteNationalist Agenda are "Black Extremists" and Proud to say so! @GOP HAS FAILED AMERICA evidenced by number of retirements from @HouseGOP @SenateGOP=COWARDS!
