This is utterly, empirically, and demonstrably false.  Stop propagating false information.
No, it is not. You just don't understand science.
Begone Bot.
Do you think someone who agrees with science is more or less likely to be a bot?
Not science.  Statistics.  For you, Witchcraft!  (Easier for you to understand.)
You don't believe in statistics. The statistics on this issue are strongly against your ideological position.
I’m a business owner with 150 employees.  I’ve forgotten more about statistics than you’ve ever known.  If women are 20% cheaper, I should just hire women, and cut my payroll costs.  Thanks for illuminating the great idea.
That isn't how it works buddy. I know it is nice to feel like you are in control but sexism is largely unconscious. Average your employees wages by gender.
Then see how egalitarian you are.
Such bull crap
It isn't bullcrap
It is
Literally all of the evidence is against you.
Noooo...no it’s not
It plainly is.
No it’s not
Its been academic consensus for decades.
This is a myth.
The idea that it is a myth is little more than anti-scientific nonsense.
Make an argument then. Why is it not a myth? Provide data or at least solid reasoning. I promise you will fail.
No. The fact that a gender wage gap exists is academic consensus. I will not be put on the defensive because you refuse to consider other perspectives.
Your beliefs are irrational. You need to step it up if you want your perspective to be considered.
You made the claim. Now defend it.
From what? Your insistence, sans evidence, to the contrary? Okay.
https://www.census.gov/library/publications/2017/demo/p60-259.html …

Note the female-to-male median income ratio of 30,882:42,220 for 2016 provided in Figure 2 and Table A-4
All I see in your citation is median income. Still no accounting for individual choices or other factors. Therefore, the data doesn’t allow the conclusion of sexism that you have come to.
Why should I account for those factors? They do not diminish my argument. I am not trying to say that businesses are sexist but that society is.
Individual choices are warped by our environments. If the environment is patriarchal we should be unsurprised by the gender pay gap.
Yup this has never rang more true for me. Found out yesterday that two male coworkers who have been there a year and a half less and don’t have nearly as much responsibility make the same wage as me 
how many hours did you work compared to them? did you take time off?
No I work 32-35 hours. They work 35-38. I haven’t taken time off.
Well why don’t you work more hours?
I can’t. I can only work what I’m scheduled for. In fact I’m only working the extra five hours a week because I took on more responsibility
So you are mad they are making more but they have more a hours then you? 
It’s hourly wage dum dum. It has nothing to do with a salary
I whole-heartedly agree. We criticize other countries for their treatment of women and ethnic minorities while staying stuck in colonial times ourselves. Just look at our #CommanderInCheat and his administration.

#WorkingTogether4America and the world
No, I think that you're just ungrateful.
You mean ungrateful for a bigoted, racist, divisive, #Putin-loving, bully who wants to be a dictator and screw the poor and middle class while giving handouts to the wealthy? Well then, yeah I'm ungrateful.

#WorkingTogether4America and the world
Except, everything you just said is false and has no facts to back it up.
You keep telling yourself that.
"You keep telling yourself that."
I know you are, but what am I? I'm rubber and you're glue. I have to admit, your tweets are a riot to read.

The 70 cents or any variation of had been debunked a million times. It only compares the average earnings a cross all workers and doesn’t account for any other factors like having kids or education or years worked etc. Do not believe this lie.
These figures are an intentionally misleading snapshot. The statistics show aggregate earnings and fail to take into account proper analysis. Put the figures in context and this gap all but disappears.
"Proper analysis". You mean that the study doesn't account for the variables you want it to, but why the fuck should it? All data, if properly collected, is valid. Do you understand the points that people try make using this data?
Detailed analysis? What makes you think you or Peterson are capable of that. Both of you have no expertise on this subject. In fact, you had to look to fringe sources like Peterson to validate your bullshit because sources from knowledge people don't agree with you.
If @jordanbpeterson doesn't have the capability to analyze data, what chance do you (a furby) have? Your entire argument revolves around avoiding analysis of data and trying to understand the points people make when they reference such data - or does that flow just one way?
Is this mainstream enough?? There's literally hundreds of these. https://www.forbes.com/sites/karinagness/2016/04/12/dont-buy-into-the-gender-pay-gap-myth/#4a47e3fc2596 ….
You are not a sociologist. Neither am I. As laymen we need to rationally defer judgement to others. Ask yourself who is best suited to inform us on these subjects. I think it should be experts in the field. You think it should be conservative think tanks and celebrities.
You don't need to be a socialist to have an opinion. You also haven't referenced any thoughts by experts in the field; you actually haven't referenced anything that supports your position at all. I'm not taking advice from a child's toy from the 90s. Grow up.
Look at the right wing kooks posting here ... 

What fucking planet do you live on?

Shameful misogynists!
WTF does a that mixed up bunch of nonsense even mean? ... Liberals believe the gender wage gap exists, and should not ... Yet liberalness is the problem? ...

Haha ... Come over here and I'll slap you with a wage increase and some well deserved healthcare .... Damned liberals!
Liberals don't give a shit about the gender pay gap. Liberals are primarily concerned with the welfare of the rich. Liberals are bourgeois feminists at best.
Progressives are the ones who care but progressives are largely not liberals.
Eroding the use of other people's words is not an argument. American progressives have been trying to distinguish themselves from liberals forever. In other countries liberals are seen as moderately right wing and progressives left.
You can't decide we are the same for us.
The problem with this distinction - most people conflate the two ...

When you speak to a group, and try to pit one against the other, it doesn't make sense ...

I instead use a different distinction - Progressive versus NEOliberal ... 

Confusion is an enemy of the just
On average women work less dangerous jobs and fewer hours
That doesn't account for a 20%! wage gap though & that's just between white men & women. 

Black women earn about 70% of a white man's wages, Native Americans, 65% & Hispanics 63%. 

Even Asians are affected, the top earning demographic-higher than whites-Asian women earn...
They're also the only ethnicity with "good stereotypes" surrounding their careers: 'Asians are the techno wunderkinds, naturally great at math & have a lot of discipline', whereas every other ethnicity(besides whites) have distinct "bad stereotypes": blacks are-
Sadly, they are punished for this thank you to Affirmative Action
MISLEADING STATEMENT ALERT: Equal Pay Act of 1963 ensures equal pay for genders and race for equal work. Exceptions are political staff & Hollywood.
Equality de jure does not mean equality de facto.
Until men give birth 2 babies, there will always be a difference in lifetime earnings between the sexes.
We could sure use more family planning, less abortions, and less people exhausting our natural resources. Real modern women agree with my point. If that's misogynistic bullsh*t, sign us all up.
Your desire to see fewer abortions is inconsistent with your desire to punish women for having children.
Wrong, you need to learn how the real world works, not your @CNN newsfeed. #SillyRabbit #JustSayNoToDrugs #StayInSchool
The legality of abortions has a striking effect on drug use. Every nation which legalized abortion saw drug use plummet, likely as a result.
I have good news for everyone who is concerned by this: It's not accurate.
It is accurate. You just don't believe in science.
You are talking out of your ass. You are a conspiracy theorist who is not interested in science at all. The studies which we are talking about has valid methodology. You can't hand wave away data just because it doesn't agree with your ideology.
Pretty sure you’re talking to yourself there, bud. 
There is more to justice than law.
When accounting for hours worked and job type that gap shrinks to $.03.
If you account for gravity an apple loosed from a tree doesn't fall.

The point that you think you are making here is an irrational and anti-scientific one.
If you had done your due diligence on this issue you'd know that those who argue a gender pay gap exists consider women working different sorts of jobs part of the problem.
This point you are making doesn't debunk our position. It is part of our position.
Charts and data are not arguments. You can disbelieve them but you can't disagree with them. Yet here you are disagreeing with something.

I don't think you know what argument you are disagreeing with. I think you are disagreeing because of who is arguing with you.
I get my kicks defending my position from those who'd attack it in bad faith. 

We ought to have equal wages, period. All you've done is explain why we have unequal wages but that doesn't change anything.
is it ok to ask for equal pay for the equal work put in? no matter the race, gender, religion ect. if you don't put effort into your job you shouldn't be payed as much as the ones giving it there all.
Why is non binary and gender fluid not included on this chart? #triggered
Everyone  likes to make this claim but no one says what companies  are doing it.. ????????it makes for good press I assume
For the last 20 plus years I have received exactly the same pay as my male counterparts.
Kind of not surprising a union would waste money on this dead myth instead of recruiting new members and helping reverse the trend of stagnant wages. But who am I but the average liberal wondering where the left went wrong, intersectionality is a good starting point.
@CharlesMunn1 min pay - wage Theft - trade - economic dominance 40 years Win 4 Elite - expect blow back Trump's Syria War Call
Maybe they shouldn't have kids and choose higher paying career paths then. It's called choice
Here Bernie read this. Women make less, not because of discrimination but because of the term this paper calls “temporal flexibility”. Why dont you read it Senator before perpetuating LIES. Here senator:
Where's the sources for this article? I didn't see a single link on what was actually looked at to come to the numbers given or what the numbers even are a measure of. 
It's important for everyone to know why women are making less if anything is going to change
Like in Paris Commune 1871...nothing  new under the sun...
Marxist AFL-CIO would agree
youre statement is very misleading. Sports figures make a zillion times more for their female fellows are they not getting equal pay for equal work you need to deal in facts not hyperbole in what industry are women not receiving equal pay. Im all for it but where are they not.
Vs @facebook uneducated unlicensed frauds! Arrested changing votes in school board @usedgov alter school code scams for decades @ILAttyGeneral b impossible criteria of criminals’ can’t force anyone to outlaws©®stole homes for migrants employment services. Arrest warrants.
So it takes 99 men and women bickering over that penny to divide less than $18 among them, while a single 1%er pockets 82% of every $100: $82.00.

The 1% grabbed 82% of all wealth
http://money.cnn.com/2018/01/21/news/economy/davos-oxfam-inequality-wealth/index.html …

“Hey women, look at this penny, instead of the $82 we each take & keep!”-1%
Why do Asian men earn more than White men?

We have equal pay!
Maybe because they actually do a good job and get a raise
lies.
I have seen women get equal pay for equal time worked, but took more time off for child or elder care.

How many times does this myth have to be debunked?
The study that was performed that came up with this was done by taking the average of ALL MEN AND ALL WOMEN, regardless of occupation. There are more men in higher end jobs like anesthesiology while more women are in nursing. A more comprehensive study needs to be done
I have never been paid less than a man in the same job title thanks to the wage transparency of a union contract. Equal pay for equal work. #1u #EqualPayDay #equalpay #union #UnionYes #solidarity #IBEW
#EqualPayDay
IMPEACH SEXIST PIG TRUMP.  IMPEACH HIM AND CRONIES FOR COLLUSION,  TREASON, MONEY LAUNDRYING, RACIST, OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE AND DENYING CLIMATE CHANGE........  DEFEAT REPUBLICON PARTY FOR BEING IN STEP WITH THE MOST CORRUPT PRESIDENT OF ALL TIMES
Prove any of the accusations you made with any actual evidence. Bet you can’t prove any single one of them. Making baseless accusation is what horrible people like you do all day long.
equality? why you say "women" and "male", it should be "female" and "male", or "women" and "men". stupid feminist.
We know representation by your union in collective bargaining is the way to reduce that pay gap!
Fine. Then we need equal work
Men make 37% more than women at Trump White House, economist says  https://usat.ly/2sNDZXv  

White House gender pay gap more than triples under Trump - The Washington Post
Myth.
Why are Asian men missing? Because they make more than white men. Gotta keep the idea in people's minds that white guys are oppressing everyone.
Have your wife steal money for them.
this again? this has been disproven over and over give it up!
It hasn't been disproved. You just don't understand people's positions or science.
What portion of the gap, in your estimation, is due to gender bias?  And what portion is due to other factors, such as job preference?
Why are you under the impression that those other factors, like job preference, cannot be explained by sociological factors?
Not assuming anything here. Do you think sociological factors are what cause men to dominate the most risky jobs such as construction?  Would you expect that an egalitarian society would be more even in this regard?
Risk does not translate well high wage. This canard is so common because it parses well but if it were true construction workers would be paid more than cops and nurses wouldn't earn poverty wages.
In a more egalitarian society there would be a reexamining of what jobs are worth.
Once you take into account job choice and hours worked, the gap goes away!
Equal pay for equal work,  irrespective who's doing the work.
"Equal work", women tend to take more hours and days off, "equal work" my ass.
Try living on SSD or SS.
The average is $6 an hour.  In addition  we pay 1/3 our pay for insurance

White men are the route of evil, down with the white man! #TuesdayThoughts #snowflakes #betamales #hypocrites
There’s already equal pay, it’s illegal for any company to pay women less since the 70s. Think about it, if women are payed less than me, why would companies and businesses ever hire men? They could save tons of money if they hired exclusively women. See where I’m getting at?
Great point, more women would mean less spending, right? So why don't they do it? We live in a patriarchal society, yeah? Why haven't they done this yet?
Is the wage gap measured by lifetime earnings though? I haven’t worked since my 2 yr old was born
We need to close the wage gap that way women can also make what men make, you know, not enough to pay the bills but still, equality.
Averages don't work for things like this. Women doing the same job, the same hours, the same seniority get the same money already. The Equal Pay Act of 1963 made it law. The "gap" is due to life  choices.
and illegal immigrants make even less because they’ll work cheaper then union labor .. thank a Democrat

Equal pay for WOMEN for without them no family no community no true society. Give them full pay and see the joy it creates in families in communities and an improved society
That's definately not fair....the man is only left with 20 cents?
Why don’t all pro sports players earn the same $?
Are you saying that currently at a specific company a man doing the exact same job with the exact same skill with the exact same experience with the exact same results is making more money than the exact same equivalent women and situation? Please share.
Lies
How much does your wife make compared to the average woman employee? Don’t include money extorted from banks.
Its all about the kinds of jobs men do vs women do in the workforce at large.
If they work the same hours doing the same quality of work ok, but this takes into account time off for kids and things which men don't generally take off. So its bullshit
"On average" being the key qualifier.
If 2 people do equal work for unequal pay, that is wrong.  The solution is not blanket raises for those w/ innies to catch up to the averages of those w/ outies.
If two groups of people have wildly different outcomes and there is no ethical justification for those differences that is wrong.

And my sister makes more money than I do!, My boss is a woman n is paid higher than her male counter parts, n the co-owner of the company is female... Soo what gap?
You think there's no pay gap anywhere because you personally know women who earn more than men?? Hahahaha!!!
Oprah is living proof the "wage gap" does not exist!.. maybe at one point but not at this day and age!! (At least not in the real world) I don't know about Hollywood, but don't they make enough money? Work hard and prove your worth! My mother raised us n she did just fine!
Felicity Jones is living proof that there's no wage gap... well, she was paid more than her male co-stars in Rogue One, so technically there's a wage gap against men.
It will be 100 years before us women get equal wages.
"It will be 100 years before us women get equal wages." - Woman from 1863
< Latina. I knew the cards were stacked against me long ago.
If you believe that fatalistic view, you are simply falling into the same racist thinking of all other racists out there.
Baloney! Then I'd hire only women, save 20% and have her bring me coffee.
One thing I can definitely vouch for - union women get equal pay ... 

There is no separate column in the contract for gender ... It's one tie ALL tie!
You don't know what you're talking about Barbara Lee
BUT THE SUPREME COURT WANTS TO KEEP IT THAT WAT ALONG WITH JANUS THE IDIOT.
If we’re fighting for all women, let’s raise awareness on November 1st. Pay for #latinas doesn’t catch up until November. Also, why are minority women the always included in the 2nd sentence as though we’re in after thought?
Be specific.  How much wider?
Spread 'em any wider and you'll soon need Planned Parenthood's "women's health services"...
We need to cut @katyperry s salary in half.
She makes double what the make judges make on @AmericanIdol.
#equalpayequalwork
#EqualPayDay
Fake news
Then do equal work! Work the same jobs in the #'s men work.  Work the same # of hrs men work for the same number of years.  For more laborious jobs, where a person's ability to lift and move heavy objects is required, match the same output men produce. Then you'll get equal pay.
that would help, nurses lift and move huge people mostly without the mechanical help craftsman get , they also work in shifts, have huge responsibilities  ...no equal pay by comparison so lets pay them equal. Glad you agree
And they get paid well above median/average earnings for FT workers. So what's your point?
Assuming the wage gap exists (data unequivocally says it doesn't, btw), ECON 101 dictates it would be DAMAGING TO WOMEN to make equal pay laws.  

The fact that people aren't smart enough to figure out why is the reason they're socialists.
Data unequivocally says it does. What the fuck are you talking about
Idaho's good ole boy club doesn't support women. Let alone a pay increase...
#communism
amen
South Africa paid equally it doesn't matter if woman or man.
