Not career positions, are you saying the cashier has the same value to the company as the CEO?
I don't think he's implying a cashier make the same as a CEO however a cashier shouldn't have to work 2 McDonald's jobs just to survive. The general manager only makes about $10/hr in Texas. It should be a bit more proportionate don't you think?
That the argument close minded and rich people bring up yes the point is to bridge the gap and make livable wages instead of lining up the pockets of the rich
If you’re career aspirations are to be a cashier at McDonalds, then that’s all you’ll ever be.  It was never meant to be a career to support a family.
So what are they supposed to do? You think they would work another job if they could? Jobs aren't always plentiful and nobody should have to worry about surviving if they work ANY full time job. So if they work fast food their not worthy of being able to pay their bills or what?
That's life, you get out what you put in. It's easy to play the victim, but still some point, you have got to take the reigns of your own life.
My parents worked hard and with 5 kids they had no money to help send anyone to college so not everyone has they opportunity or money to go get a degree so we have to end up working for minimum wage jobs and thru the 80s in my town was 500 people applying for 1 job so eat that
@McDonalds is NOT career & if they get their #FightFor15 I'll quit my accounting job which pays $15 now & also has me liable for up to $1mill if same a mistake

If you have a skill, use it
There's no special skills needed to make a bad burger
Exactly! Minimum wage is meant for students. If you're a young teen living at home, or in college there is no need to be making $15 an hour. Eventually, if minimum wage continues to increase, we will be paying $15 (sarcasm) for that McD's burger. No Thanks!
There are LOTS of folks who just *barely* don’t qualify for disability due to intellectual disability or mental health & may not ever be able to rise higher than that in their careers. Surely you can at least concede that $7.25/hr is all but impossible to live on?
More than likely they're receiving  assistance for their disability. Which I agree they should. But there would need to be a balance. $15 an hour, on top of assistance. Um no.
And to those who don't qualify 
? 

If you work 40hrs a week you should be able to survive.
For most who are born intellectually/physically disabled I doubt they're being denied assistance.
Happens despite your doubts
Sometimes...
My #foodstamps caseworker couldn't handle my case with 7 kids So she be up & put my file on a shelf...
I pawned everything to feed my kids

After 3 months we got retro-
So glad I'm done with that
Thank you Senator Sanders for bringing to light the outrageous wage disparity and poverty pay in the fast food industry. We all deserve a living wage and #union rights. And we're proud to know you have our back in the fight. Solidarity! 

 #FightFor15
Question for #FightFor15

If I make $15hr now with a bachelor degree & I'm liable for a $1 million mistake should it happen...

Do you think my wage will go up when the min does? Or what should I be worth then?

#inflation is a hidden #tax
#AuditTheFed
Sounds like you're underpaid, which is sort of our point. 99% of us are, while the gains are all going to the richest of the rich.
The truth is that fast food is heading towards automation and nothing you, I, or anyone else does is going to change that.
But fast food isn’t the main idea, it’s kinda like an example.
The problem is not their pay, the problem is they are working in a low skill dead-end job AND they are likely unqualified for anything better. Address the problem, not the symptom. Or, they are HS kids working part-time.
How do u expect ppl to improve when they cannot afford schooling because of their low wages?
I dunno maybe a school loan like millions of other people take? Everyone has the ability to go to college in the US if they wanted to.
But not everybody qualifies for loans....
And not everybody has family/community helping them steer away from scam trade schools (think Corinthian...out for profit) that rely on/abuse gov loans!
No more paying CEOs these ungodly salaries. CEO and Executives pay is getting out of control.
So who gets to decide the salaries of CEOs if not owners and shareholders? You? A central government? That's a a surefire way to absolutely destroy private industry and the economy. Sometime I actually think that's the goal of you leftists.
Unions, aka the people who come together to give a voice to work they produce, should have a say for starters. And the industries in danger are not the multinational billion dollar companies, but small businesses who didn't get the big tax cuts and don't get bailed out.
Big, big, big difference between labor unions NEGOTIATING for workers wages and a central government dictating wages for the management in private industry.
Yes, I wouldn't advocate for the second, not in the States at least. Altho' you, as well as us after Thatcher, should legislate to protect unions, so if people strike out for a minimum, and this case maximum, wage, their firing becomes illegal.
You can’t be serious right now. You seriously are comparing the pay of a CASHIER to a motherf*cking CEO.  Please for the love of God retire.
Working at McDonald’s shouldn’t be a career. If you spend your whole life as a cashier at Mcdonald’s, you seriously failed at life.
There are LOTS of folks who just *barely* don’t qualify for disability due to intellectual disability or mental health & may not be able to rise higher than that in their careers. Pretty fucked up you think that means they’ve “failed at life” & deserve to be hungry & homeless.
Simple solution: have the cashier create their own company, hire employees, get insurance, manage money flow, inventory, advertisement, marketing... THEN MAYBE they can hope to make what a CEO makes, otherwise shut up and give me my change
They don't want to make CEO money, they just want to be able to buy food. 
I was a cashier... I was able to buy food... when I wanted more... I found a better paying job...
Congrats? Unfortunately that is not the case for everyone.
That’s amazing... you mean to tell me once you are a cashier there is NO hope of advancement??? No chance to get a better paying job? Wow... I must live in a different part of America then
Employment stats do vary region to region  and I am not saying it is impossible for everyone, but it is (or damn near it) for some. Happy for your success in life but not everyone has the same opportunities and resources.
Employment stats DO vary from region to region, the trick is not living outside your means, and do what it takes find a better job. Not demand to make the same amount of money as someone in a skilled job makes. Those jobs are for high school kids, not adults with families
Update: 40% of american workers make less than $20,000 a year. That’s around 80 million people. This is systemic. Nobody works harder than the poor.
No one ever intended minimum wage fast-food jobs to provide a true living wage to anyone. It’s called life choices. These jobs are mainly meant for teenagers. If you’re a fully functional adult working on the front line/entry level in fast-food, you’re doing it wrong.
FDR actually said that minimum wage was always meant to be a living wage, like it was when it was introduced.
"No business which depends for existence on paying less than living wages to its workers has any right to continue in this country. By living wages, I mean more than a bare subsistence level — I mean the wages of a decent living.”-FDR.
& about 60% of all minimum wage workers are 25 years or older & about 50% of that 60% are middle-aged women with children.
Well genius, that was before the advent of fast-food jobs. I don’t want to pay $2 for a McDonald’s hamburger. So, what was minimum wage at that time, and what is minimum wage now is apples and oranges by comparison. You guys are eliminating jobs all together, because now these...
businesses are turning to automation, rather than pay someone $15 per hour to push buttons. As always, the unintended consequences of liberal policies kill jobs for people. Lastly, I stand by my life choices argument as it pertains to adults in these circumstances.
There have always been jobs the equivalent of fast-food. There was also a decent minimum wage in the 1950's-when fast-food was really beginning. Most businesses, specifically in the food industry, are still using human cooks, cashiers, waiters & delivery truck drivers
Even one of the most advanced industrial computer-operated machines is barely capable of assembling a chair-in 45 minutes. After several tries. You expect these things to be able to unpackage frozen meat & toppings, operate a stove & work the register? Trump's-
We should move to a socialist system in which workers own their business they work at and have democratic control. When people are part of of a worker cooperative they don't allow such evil depravity as we see with private owned businesses like McDonald's, Wal-Mart and Amazon.
Also worker cooperatives are more productive than privately owned capitalist companies! There's everything to be gained from worker cooperatives and nothing to be lost from them for the 99%!
More BS FROM THE GREEDY MAN  Why don't you start giving all your millions you made to your followers ? .You are know different than THE CEO'S you complain about ..THEY RUN COMPANIES AND PROVIDE JOBS .While you make your millions complaining about them and do nothing for the USA
Um, it would be " you are no different " " not know different." If you are going to take the time to post on social media, the least you could do is use proper verbiage.
so all the experience, expertise, and work that is invested into becoming a CEO is equal to a min. wage worker?
No where in the caption or the video did it say that a worker’s pay in a McDonald’s redtaurant should be equal that to an execute or shareholder
Not my argument. My argument is that there is a reason for that disparity.
Oh yeah of course I agree there’s a huge difference. Education, networking, some level of corporate tenacity, and business skill differs the positions.
And if the minimum wage goes up, it does not reduce poverty, it raises the bar and all of a sudden many more people begin to struggle because, with more money in circulation, prices and cost of living go up.
How does this cause more money in circulation?
Exactly, this money was already flowing to shareholders and CEOs. It's not like the federal reserve would dump a loan on McDonalds to pay there workers.
And FYI, McDonalds is a franchise meaning its owners are all small business owners. McDonalds corporation does not pay the workers, the franchise owners do.
that is true but you can also offer tax credits to the employer like they did in the 1990's when they raised the wage then. we can do it but old people just don't like change. i think my kids making less then i did in 2000 is wrong.
So more government manipulation of the economy? That never seems to work very well.
LOL same old line...the wage has not increased in over 20 years and you think that is cool ? thats insane man but yeah keep on using that same old line....
LOL, separate the arguments, dont try to simplify what you are arguing about. I am all for wage increase. Just not when forced by government. If you want to help people make more money look at other ideas instead of the same, tired, pathetic talking points.
Imagine a country where talk like this actually makes people angry. What kind of morally bankrupt country are we?
Conservatives are fine with 1 person being worth over 100 billion dollars but if you dare suggest a minimum wage increase they lose their minds.
Seriously, if it weren’t for the cashiers, people cooking and others working in the McDonald’s eateries, the CEO wouldn’t have a freaking job!! Reward those who keep your business going. If not for them, you’d be DONE!!!
When I was 16, I made $3.35 an hour at Giant Foods. I did not expect to earn CEO type money for the job I was doing. Hard work and results get you noticed and rewarded. Stop already with entitlements and handouts. F-ING earn it !
No one said executive type money. People just want to be able to pay their bills.
Then they should either reduce their expenditures, acquire a better job by learning new skills, or both. Act like an adult
If corporations need #BigData to survive, Then the data has value created by the citizen. Then corporations should pay citizens for the right to mine their data. They should pay citizens in the form of a #UBI , so that it is an opt-out system. #Decentralization #IOTA
Service industry will soon be made much smaller with the help of #AI and #DeepLearning . People need to have money to spend on products/services while they are re-educating and innovating the new economy from the ground up. Value has a new definition in the world of #Automation
And how many years would the average cashier at McDonald’s have to work in order to earn what you do in a year?
Or afford your three houses. In the vernacular you seem to love, @SenSanders, why does anyone need three houses?
One for working in DC, one is the family home and the last one is an old holiday home bought with the proceeds of the sale of a home Jane inherited.
Doesn't answer the question. Answer his he doesn't need 3 houses. Bernie is a do what i say not as i do person
But I answered the question. The idea that someone advocating for more wealth equality must hoard their money & live meagerly is a way to shut down anybody advocating for wealth equality. It would quickly be labeled a cheap gimmick. He is far from the richest politiician in DC.
Lol that's quite the mental gymnastic
Not really. He's more well off than most people yet he doesn't exploit minimum wage workers at some massive business, he doesn't rake in millions from dodgy schemes he simply earned some money from his two books about politics and didn't squander the generous congressional salary
Bernie isn't a CEO because he doesn't have the chops.
No @SpeakerRyan- it is not financially feasible for you to have put yourself through college working at @McDonalds. #SocialSecurityBenefits #PaulRyan's Pathetic 'I Have a Truck and Worked at McDonald's' Speech https://www.alternet.org/hot-news-views/paul-ryans-pathetic-i-have-truck-and-worked-mcdonalds-speech#.WuDYBIiLrhs.twitter … #FeelTheBern @Jimmy_Dore #tytlive
Basically this is a form of legalized embezzlement.
Where the wealth of a company built on the productivityof all its workers is overwhelmingly distributed to the top.
With a compensation model like this as the norm, it is no wonder we face the levels of income inequality we have
The work of employees at the bottom is far too undervalued and the work at the top is far to overvalued not just by corporations. We have all bought into the concept. Until we change cant demand change.
This can't be serious?? What happened to the American dream,start a low level job,do well,get a raise or take your experience elsewhere and keep building.STOP holding people down and making them victims. You want them to cashier at McD and never move on?? Absurd tweet.
Not everyone can physiologically get ahead, it not how a market, aka pyramidal, economy works. In order for there to be a top of the pyramid, there must be a much wider bottom. Who's entitled to a living wage.
You just put everyone right into victim status with your statement, totally misguided.
Why do you act as if people stay in these positions all their lives?
Bernie does not care about the Cashier - he cares about flattening the wage scale so if everyone is poor it's harder to see.  He's already got his and you don't see him attacking the pork in Congress.  Instead of doing his job he does everything to undermine it.
It's not as if McDonalds couldn't pay its workers a living wage. After all, in Nordic Model nations that's already the case —and obviously the corporation is nowhere near bankrupt.
We need to cut congressional pay as well.
More responsibility, higher wages
Who in their right mind wants to authorize a central government to determine job classifications and wages in private industry? Nobody! Because if you're a socialist... you aren't in your "right mind!"
This tweet is pure idiocy.
Solidarity from the UK
He many years would they have to work to match the amount of money your wife stole?
As much as I agree with #BernieSanders and dislike #CorporateCulture , but I do not agree that #leaders have the same time value as followers. These are people with great abilities and responsibilities, the pay should be different. I agree that the gap should reduce though
I don’t know where the idea that he’s advocating for everyone to be paid the same is coming from. He’s advocating for a livable wage, not CEOs to make minimum wage. He and I just believe that people shouldn’t be starving while working 40+hrs a week at ANY job.
If the guy lives for 895 years, you can’t tell me he is starving.

It's a system created by Billionaires. If poor people wrote the laws there would be a livable wage.
Yes! We need unsuccessful people running the show. Wouldn’t that interfere with their watching reality television?
Do you know anything about economics. You can stay ignorant or u can open your mind & educate yourself. 
Lookup @richardwolffedc and just listen to 1 talk on YouTube. I don't mean to insult brother. Just irks me that its been pounded into our head this is the only way. God bless
The cashier couldn’t run a multi billion multi national company with a massive franchisee network, tens of thousands of employees and millions of shareholders.   Why do you think they are he same job?  Because you never had a non government job?
He's not implying they should make the same as the CEO, but enough to have a decent life
political pandering
How long does it take to make almost $200k a year and be worth millions and have multiple homes? Congress wage increases keep getting approved (nice raise this year huh?) Congress should earn no more than the average national wage for the average family!
Do your entry level interns make as much as you Bernie? #ShitBernieSays
Yea, best reply! Let's hear it Bernie!
Speaking of greed, how is that million dollar lake front home you own?
It isn't a million-$-home it was purchased with $$ from Jane, and their retirement funds.
My mistake it was $700,000 - paid cash. They aren't greedy at all... Such paupers...
$600,000. Jane and Bernie paid together.

BTW why would their career success prevent Sanders speaking for a living wage?
It doesn't.
Unless you are advocating a for a class war, which it sounds as if you are doing just that.
I agree with paying people fairly for the job they do.. However I don’t believe an average McDonalds Cashier position should have a starting pay of $16. That kind of pay does not really match the work or duties done in my opinion.. I was once one of those McDonalds Employees.
I have a culinary degree & went to school to be a chef & I have worked many jobs, none of which has me gettign over 15$ a hour & when I work for 40 hours its way diffrent then the ppl that cant even get my order right or ignore you cus there on there phone.. Plus @McDonalds sucks
How can we create new businesses with new CEO's that will not create welfare dependent jobs with minimum wages and no benefits?  Who will do this when corporate greed is rampant and Washington is promoting more corporate greed?
That discrepancy is criminal
Honestly that’s one thing that’s way wrong with America Japanese CEO’s make 20 times on average what the average Hourly employee makes and their grateful to get it.
If market forces can't regulate economic balance then govt has to step in. Perhaps a maximum wage? Taxes? I know this riles feathers of the "successful" but would be better than a police state and economic collapse.
They should stop and realize that their underpaid workers provided them with their lavish lifestyle which they don't need.  They should stop and think and pay more-than-starvation wages, they should pay good wages.
That's why McDonald's is a beginner job for young people, not a career for the un-ambitious. Those CEOs knew McDonald's was a dead end job, or they would all be there instead
There is no such thing as a beginner job. McDonald's employees have to be food safety certified - a state license, at minimum. And McD's doesn't pay for licensing. If there's a need for the job to be done, or needs decent pay if you want it done right.
Have you ever eaten at McDonald's? They can't even get a simple order right. I order a couple of big Mac meals, get home, realize I got 2 chicken sandwiches and 1 fry. Then I turn on the news and see Bernie talking about they need to be paid MORE? I don't think so...
Why do most all republicans lash out when we ask for living wages for people. I earned 1 dollar an hour minimum wage in 1964. That would need to be over 17 dollars an hour now just to be the same buying power as then!
The inequality is such an obvious injustice, such an obvious exploitation of working people, such a grave insult to a moral society... Yet, the capitalist religion's propaganda machine has turned this outrageous economic robbery into a justified, even a great system.
Instead of arbitrarily raising minimum wage, let's raise the standard of education so that no high school graduate has to accept minimum wage.
Maybe a fair point but doesnt consider that if everyone had a degree, there are only a specific amount of jobs available and someone has to work these "jobs that are beneath educated people"
Companies are not responsible for paying you what you are "worth" they pay fair market value for your services. If you increase the min. wage to 15 then every other person also deserves a raise proportionate to the 15.00.
Why not have a provision in the tax code that the executives & board members salaries can only be written off up to a certain amount. Let’s say the mean salary at the company is $40,000. Then the company could write off a total compensation package totaling $600,000 for an exec?
This is a point often missed. Companies love to pay CEOs outrageous wages because they can write it off. Put a cap on it--absolutely!
This is extreme capitalism, which is in itself a threat to capitalism itself
McDonalds has about 1.5 million workers, and made about $5.2 billion in 2017. If they gave HALF of those profits back to workers, it would be an extra $1,730 in their pocket that could give them more money to buy stuff, less time they have to work, & more time with their kids.
Their net margin at the end of 2017 was 13.08%. That’s not really huge when you think about. They’re making 13 cents on every dollar. Sure, it sounds like a lot when you say “billions”, but at the end of the day the purpose of business is to make a profit. Their’s is reasonable.
13 cents for every $1 of what I'm going to guess is literally 2 trillion $1-$5 sales is quite a margin.

We find self-interest & greed to be negative traits in people yet it's good in corporations? Not in the slightest concerned with how a corporation puts profits over people.
Guys, come on, 13 cents is not a high margin, and looking at dollar value alone can be very misleading. It’s vitally important that corp’s are financially healthy. That profitability ensures job security for existing employees, and can be used for expansion and other investments.
Those potential investments and expansion means additional career growth opportunities for existing employees, as well as the ability to hire more people. It’s shortsighted to measure by dollar alone. The percentages matter.
Corporate America isn't interested in investments, they want profits now. That's defined corporations for the past 40 years. It's funny how people say that for corporations to succeed & be healthy they must be as free as possible & get as much as possible, but the same-
Does not apply to working people, 'they' don't need living wages or benefits; 'they' don't need any incentive to work.

Hire more people who will work for 895 times less than some corporate stooge who not only enjoys his work more but also has a flexible schedule to boot.
Well you make $174k and don't actually produce anything....
Well said^

This guy has never done anything of worth in his life...  is an atheist.  And his wife is under investigation for a fraudulent bank loan 
Yes!!!
1. Charge high earners more taxes
2. Use tax revenues for free education, healthcare, universal basic income
3. Set a sensible base minimum wage taking UBI into consideration 

Outcome: provide upward mobility funded by people who benefit the most from capitalism.
It a political ploy you find the largest target demographic to cater to to get the most votes. Find a enemy for them to rage against. Then request their votes to achieve your political goals without a chance of changing their situation.
Nailed it.
When the average cashier takes on the same responsibilities and level of commitment that a CEO does, then come back to me with that ridiculous comparison.  

#bernieisms
How many years would an "unpaid intern" have to work to make what you do?
Bernie:
Good for Bernie...why doesn't he advance legislation making it a law for Federal Legislators?
If it is so vital to you then you should write to him in regards to the issue, as far as legislators go, I trust him to listen and consider your opinion. Most pols I know would just toss your request into the circular file.
I just believe legislators should be legally bound bound by whatever legislation they pass upon others....
More to come Senate Ethics committee won't expose those who used tax payer SHUSH FUND to pay off accusers of sexual assault naming past or present coincidence?
Why do you encourage people to stay in entry level jobs?  McDonald's pays what the skill level is worth. Want more $$? Increase your skill set.  Berns.... seriously, your cultivation of government dependency is wrong.
This from a man who has become a millionaire making a government paycheck. Home many years does someone at McDonalds have to work to make your money. Sad #ivorytowerelitistcoward
This is the dumbest tweet I've ever read
If this country and countless others didn’t eat that crap that we KNOW is harmful to the public health & often the only place a single mom can take her kids to eat,they might take notice but then they’d all be out a job(place to go to work your a%* off for 40hrs for squat!)4shame
The cashier has very little skill and no risk. 

People get paid what they’re worth.  

If the CEO had no skill and no risk, he would be a cashier. 

If the cashier had the skill of a CEO and willing to take the risk, they could be CEO too.
Full time at minimum wage won't support even one person.
Truth of the matter is, any increase in wages for those making the least is spent back into the economy almost immediately, fueling economic growth for the nation.
Move to 
Why don’t they just take their skills somewhere else that pays more?
When was the last time you tried that yourself? This economy is absolutely ruined. I did everything "right", but because I need to eat, pay rent, and don't have wealthy family to leech off, I was unable to do unpaid internships & get a job better than what I have now.
Start your own franchise and earn what you want.
Lol it takes a day to learn how to make a burger, it takes a lifetime of dedication and then some to become a CEO of a company that is responsible for thousands of employees and billions of dollars. Entry level jobs are just that... they weren’t meant to raise a family on
Can a touch screen do the job of the CEO?

All humans are equal (under the law), but they are not equal (in terms of productivity). 

A doctor has more value than a meter maid, a teacher has more value than an Uber Driver, etc.
The biggest problem is the huge income gap. How are we meant to bridge the gap between the rich and poor?
I worked for 3.25 per hour and I was happy 
Now I make 20 times more and still happy 
I fought for myself and didn't need Bernie or anyone to fight for me
And I started knowing no English
Go to a fast food restaurant most employees are not teens. Get a student loan? Can’t afford food so go into student debt? Get a better job? When a college degree is no better than a HS diploma these days. I don’t think ppl are seeing the problem and how deep it runs.
Bernie, I love you, but fuck McDonalds. How about college kids esp women still making $11/hr because bosses think 25c over five years is fair?
When you give up two of your three houses and 60% of your pay then I will start to consider what you say.
Those are supposed to be part-time jobs. Too many losers now who want to do the bare minimum and get paid the same as people who put in the effort to have a career. Keep dividing the country Bernie
SOLUTION: Stop being a worker at McDonald's and flipping burgers. And start working towards being motivated, to be a CEO. I'm sure no one LOVES working for McDonald's, move up the ladder. Gain some motivation from the CEO of McDonald's ask him how he got there.DON'T SETTLE!
You think the average cashier does as much work as a CEO?
I'm glad I don't eat at McDonald's anymore. At this rate I'm going to have to grow my own food with how many fast food places I'm boycotting.
Come on Bernie how much did your family make out of KFC, hypocrisy no? 
Hot off the press: A good great tip of the day is to buy safe bets like pharmaceuticals. Like:
1) ADMP..feds approved meds
2) LNTH...imaging and pharma
3) AKTX...pharma meds
4) CHAT...research meds
5) kALA...pharma 

These companies are making medicines to help improve our way of
Wait almost nobody lives that long.
How about they complete my order correctly. Then they can earn the right to higher wage. Higher performance = higher earnings.
What does your office staff make?
CEO in charge of 1000s of employees vs unskilled cashier sir.  This is like comparing a bull frog to a tadpole
And only 886 years to be as wealthy as you!
Recruiting voters by making them think you will do something about this, shame on you.  You are part of the problem Bernie.  All you do is calibrate the nerves of anyone watching to be pissed all day by pointing out the injustices they face.  They vote thinking you will help 
A just economic system is what’s needed.  Capital employee ownership, workers need to be included in the economy for it to benefit all human survival and dignity.  A binary Kelsonian economic system where employees own, their labor is what drives the business profits #CESJ
How about YOUR salary? A working person would have to work ove 4 years to get what YOU make - and YOU want a raise?? Hahahahaha, good bye old man!! TERM Limits NOW!!!!!
Better idea: just do not eat at McCancer.
#McCancer
Makes me want to go to school and be a CEO
I wonder how many years they would have to work to earn what Sanders does
That is a financial Cancer 
About time! @kanyewest ‘s 15 minutes were up years ago...#loserIsLoserDoes
Profits should pay off the investors then, just like a mortgage is paid off over time, they're done owning the business; henceforth workers should share the profits among themselves (after insurance, other overheads, etc).
And most could NEVER do what even the store manager does, let alone the CEO. Stop with your class warfareBS
Republicans Leaders have an Inate gene for greed and shove all the $$ they can in their pockets no matter if they only deserve one  100th of what they take while the true foundation of the company is paid min. Wage? That is why rich get richer and poor poorer!
Hell yeah Bernie
This is why I no longer eat at McDonald's. 
Where your luxury requires someone else's poverty, you are a criminal.
Thank you @SenSanders for continuing to focus on these important issues in our society. I do agree with you about paying folks a living wage and furthering the discussion on the topic of income inequality. #FeelTheBern
Go ahead, raise the minimum wage to whatever you think is “liveable” and the cashiers will be replaced by computers (which will probably be WAY less likely to screw up your order).
1. End Prison Slavery, as it depresses ALL wages.

2. Give everybody the #1500DollarWeeklyAllowance so nobody needs a job just to survive.
That average cashier at McDonald’s probably works there for no more than a year.
Bernie is trying to get you to attack companies by saying they wont pay a decent wage while he and other members of Congress waste your money on dinners to celebrate shutting don the govt. @NancyPelosi spent $200 thousand of tax payer money on alcohol and dinner....
When those employees become the CEO of a major corporation, then they can get paid as much as that CEO. 
 BTW, when are you going to vote to cut your congressional salary Bernie????

Put your money where your mouth is Bernie. Vote to cut your salary bernie......
We need Bernie for president NOW!
Come on! The cashier at McDonald's does not have the responsibility the CEO has. Let's talk apples to apples. By the way, how much do YOU make as a U.S. Senator? Be sure to include all the benefits in this figure!
Also, get rid of @McDonalds. They're horrible. Give those employees better jobs. Maybe they could sell solar panels or something.
There goes Bernie again acting so righteous just to get votes and $27.00 donations , he tells people exactly what they want to hear and they fall for his bs !  He has no way of fulfilling his promise and he knows it but suckers don’t !
I agree that a so-called “living wage” is necessary. And corporate America can do better. But we know you have nothing against high incomes, being in the top few percent yourself.
Bernie, what's the math on how much a Senate member makes VS an average American? Are you not in the top 5% of wage earners in the US? And how does your income compare against the other billions of people?  Statistics don't lie Bernie, you are the rich people you hate
How many years to make a Senator's pay and benefits? Anyone who wants to can be a McDonald's stockholder. Is a major corporation CEO now considered an entry level job? Only in Bernie's head, since I can find no evidence he ever held a job outside of politics.
Hey hey, ho ho. Corporate greed has GOT to go. This is not charity, folks; it’s how you build a stable, safe society.
There's a big difference from flipping burgers to running a franchise .why you always starting to stir up crap
They are already being replaced by machines. In due time there will be no need for cashiers at all. Raising their pay will only quicken that process.
Find a better job or at least one that you can get the order right.
I think the question is why is someone a career cashier? Why are we wanting to give more people a reason to be lazy by being a career cashier? A cashier is an entry level position. It shouldn’t be a career.
Just curious how many people the CEO employs & how many the cashier. In your disproven socialist vision everyone makes the same no matter what they produce, but then everyone produces what they are paid and productivity is lost. Inequality is the price of production & innovation.
Are you serious??  When should someone working at McDonalds earn the same as a CEO?
Just curious, how do you plan to stop automation of low-skill labor?  And what's your solution for those low-IQ people who can't be retrained to do any form of higher-skilled labor than what gets automated?
so how much should a mcdonald’s cashier make?  $50/hr?   Mcdonalds cashier job is not a career.  It’s meant for high school students / entry level position to make them dream higher!!! DREAM! not suppose to adjust the wage to keep them there forever...
Maybe they should have gone to college and then graduate school like the CEO did. Quit punishing success.
Working at McDonalds is not supposed to be a career move, its intended for students to make a little money while at school.  If flipping burgers is your path to supporting a family you had better wake up.
Leave McDonald's if they dont pay youliving wages.
Geez what a class envy attitude.  So you don’t think a CEO has more responsibility and value to a company than a front line employee?  If you had ever held a real job you would understand this better
Are you listening Democrats? This is  to our ears! Jump on board. Where's your support?
Given your financial position, do you routinely tip about 1000% whenever you engage someone’s services for simple labor? 
If not, how is your pontificating not blatant hypocrisy?
Mcdonalds should not exist in the first place, its not healthy for anyone!
That average cashier can’t run a company
Old Bernie is a sincere, but naive dreamer who likes to rattle cages, but accomplishes very little in his career. His latest kick is government guaranteed jobs with generous benefits to anyone who wants them ... doing what they are qualified for yet to be determined.
The average cashier @ McDonalds can’t even get my order right. Pick 10 random McDonald’s employees and give them a job in your office.
They're paid what they're worth. #stayinschool
Level of dishonesty is amazing. The talent, skills, education, intelligence & a hundred other factors that a CEO of a major corp wld have are exceptional vs someone w low to no skills, talent, education.
How about go to college, write a book, start a business, or join the army... no one is forcing anyone to work at Mcdonald’s it’s a free country Bernie
There is always someone who will have much more and someone who will have much less. Don’t compare yourself to others but see what your next move should be to get yourself out of a minimum wage job.

What does that have anything to do with if give the cashier the same responsibilities as the ceo and she will be paid the same. If the gov would get out of our paychecks and leave business alone to do their deal then there would be no pay inequality.
#bernie2020
Lets ignore the fact that McDonalds literally has the best dollar for dollar 401k in existence, tuition reimbursement etc..etc..etc..  If you don't like McDonalds just don't work there.
As it should be you putz! Working as a cashier isn’t a career job and if you believe it is then we have a far greater problem!
I know cashiers who have been at their jobs for 20 years. 
Small towns often have the same person working as a cashier for so long that the whole town knows them. 
And sometimes, there's not much choice. At least half the cashiers at my work are over 30.
Katie, McDonalds is not a career opportunity. Never has, never will! They are starter jobs for our youth. In most cases anyone who starts working for a McDonalds usually works there way up the line. Ending up a manager. All fast food Restaurants are generally setup for youth
If Bernie opened a fast food restaurant I wonder how long it would take to become bankrupt?

When someone keeps more newspapers, dishes, trash, etc., than they could ever need or use they are called hoarders and are pitied. When someone does the same with money they are called rich and envied and admired.
Money is more useful than trash
 If it is more than anyone can use in 10s of lifetimes is just setting in a bank it is total and completely useless. Trash can be useful or even vital if it is used. Some people use "trash" to keep themselves alive.
If u can amass wealth u r contributing enormous wellbeing to the world.
??? Amassing, i.e., hoarding doesn't benefit anyone. Not even the person that is hoarding. Because make no mistake, having so much of something that will never, ever, be used for anything is nothing but hoarding.
If I do a thousand services for people and hoard the money, I've still done immense work for them.
The vast number of rich people did *nothing* for the wealth. All they did was let it mechanically accumulate. But even if they did "a thousand services", what is the benefit of hoarding? A billion dollars hoarded is a billion dollars buried in the ground. What is the use of that?
All the celebrities u can think of have contributed vastly more wellbeing to the collective humanity then u.
I agree the difference is dreadful, but a Mcdonald worker is a poor example. 
Maybe a highend worker who earns a good salary, the gap just wouldn't be an impressive 895 yrs.
How many years would McD's worker have to work to equal yours?
Nowhere near 895. Sander's isn't even a millionaire, as opposed to the 80% of politicians who are.
Well thanks for telling me. How many years do you reckon a McD's worker would have to work to equal even a "poor" Sanders wage? 
So is he part of the Machine? 
It was a poor tweet, he didn't do himself any favours. A bad analogy - two faced.
Sander's net worth is $800,000(the average American's is $300,000-CEO's is typically in the 100, millions or billions) & his family's credit card debt is $65,000, so I'll make an uneducated, non-expert reviewed guess of 150-250k annual income. Which means that
the McDonald's cashier would have to work 7-14(respectively) years before getting Sander's income-as opposed to the 895 years to reach their CEO's.

Sanders isn't as radical as really need be but he's a step in the right direction & seems to try to improve the poor's lot.
Thank you Trevor. That was very kind taking the time to break it all down. 
Hats off to you. Thanks for the effort 
Your average McDonald’s worker would not know how to run their own restaurant let alone a large corporation.
895 years is how long Bernie has been milking the government job
And what's the average education level and skill set for that job... I'm guessing a helluva lot less than a CEO.
Because no one is supposed to work as a cashier at McDonlad's their entire life you washed up blabbering idiot....it's an entry level job...not a career!...Meanwhile Trump is bringing good paying (career) jobs back and growing the economy!
Makes sense.  The average cashier is 895 times less important than the CEO.
How do people still not understand the concept of inflation? 

If you raise those wages everything else will rise with it. 

Abolish the minimum wage and let businesses negotiate with workers to settle on reasonable wages.
Matter of fact, Bernie, if you cared about the black community like you say you do you would do three things...

1. End illegal immigration and slow legal immigration. 

2. Defund welfare programs 

3. Get rid of the minimum wage
No one's stuck in a job. There are a lot of minimally skilled jobs out there that pay over $20 an hour. There's also the opportunity to make our own jobs. There are so many ways a person can move up in the world that it doesn't make sense to stay at a low paying job.
Wow--where do you live?! None of this is even remotely the case where I live!
Middle of nowhere Missouri. Jobs in town don't pay well, no, but that doesn't mean one has to continue living where they find themselves. Finding out what employers need and getting certified in that helps land a job.
The only way to get McDonald's to listen is to speak with your pocket book. If everyone picked a DAY to NOT go to any McDonald's restaurants...and all the employees banded together and refused to work...they would HAVE to listen & make change #moneymatters #powertothepeople
Nah bruh
If they all decided to stop working, there are plenty of people willing to take their spots
Nah....if you could drop sales by over 80% in one day in North America alone, the company would be forced to makechange for its employees. Real change take sacrifice
I agree and yet how do we teach people to become sovereign; you know, hand up not a hand out?
Thank you
They profit from paying their employees LOW wages.  All McDonald employees should take a stand and walk out- until they receive better wages!!!
McDonalds was never meant to be a self supporting job. It's a job for high school or college students for some extra $$$. Dems want the middle class workers in there because they sent our higher paying jobs over seas.
They are doing an entry level job. He has a college education. Do you see the difference?
Cashier's are already being replaced with kiosks. Are you really this ignorant?
When will people look at history? The rich will NEVER help the poor. Ever.
The average cashier at McDonalds should not be working there for years. These jobs are meant for HS students, not to support a family. You want to support a family then learn a trade or go to school and get educated
Even Crazy Bernie is not crazy enough to believe the CEO the directs a huge company should make a similar pay as a cook at McD. Just getting everybody jazzed up so he can get votes.  After the Dems outed you for Hillary, how can you not abandon that corrupt party.
More bullshit distractions.  Would you please focus on draining the swamp?  Kill Valeo and Citizens United.  Everything else flows from that.  Greed won't go away, you've got to set ironclad rules to rein it in.
They don't "earn" anything flipping burgers and in no way learn a valuable trade so by using them as a poor me you should support @realDonaldTrump by supporting his agenda.
I am sure the cashier had the same pressure and responsibilities as a CEO, they should totally make the same amount. Wtf Bernie!
people working behind a counter at McD's know what they're getting and know they aren't CEO's.  It's called min wage for a reason, not a living wage
Great idea. Let's increase the cashiers salary to 25$ an hour so that the CEO can decide to automate the cashier job as it is cheaper to do so. The cashier will go from making x$/hr to making 0/hr. Problem solved
So what's your point other than asking a non sequitur?
Hey burnny. The cashier has no other skills and is probably under 20yrs old. The CEO. Is probably 60yrs plus. Been working all his life. Duh
Conservative Logic:
Leftists are Welfare Queens!
Also Conservative Logic:
7.25 an hour is a perfectly fine wage!
Try living in Idaho where min. Wage is 7.25 an hour! When you earn little when working you also pay in less to social security, which resullts in low social security too and you still need ssi and food stamps when you are old!
How many years would they have to work to earn amount of tax-payers' money "you" and other career politicians have scammed?
Typical for the under achievers to be jealous of the hard working over achievers making more money than them. Maybe they should get some skills to work at the higher paying jobs.
A living wage is BS. We need a family wage NOW!
I recall the story of a young black woman, 25 years old, opening her second chick filet.  She started out as a cashier I believe.  If you fall for Bernie’s rhetoric your exactly what they want, useful idiots.

Loving all the minimum wage earners in the replies bitching that they "can't afford food"... tweeting about this on their fuckin smartphone...

Live within your means. Humble yourself.
What a tool. The vast majority of McDonald’s are individually owned
How long would have to work to get what you take in?
If you took the CEO's entire salary and spread it among the 1.5 million McDonald's employees, they would get a raise of $1 a year. Bernie owns 3 houses and wears $1000 coats. He's a hypocrite and he isn't against greed. He's just jealous of all that money CEOs are making.
@SenSanders then give up your millions!!
Hopefully that "cashier" aspires to be more than a CASHIER all their lives you nut-job
A clown puts his makeup on upside down.
~Prine
The CEO responsible for tens of thousands of employees, and oversight of billions in capital makes 1,000 times as much as the kids salting the fries at McD. Us that your point Bernie?
So don’t work at McDonald’s and get a college education. these jobs are not meant to be life sustaining jobs. You Raise minimum-wage you raise prices and you’re back at the same place she started at.
Umm you’re not supposed to work at McDonald’s for many years buddy. If their workers are not happy making chump change, get a new job!!
How many years would they have to work to afford three houses like you? #hypocrites
It's not just corporations. Some greedy business owners want slaves too.
What about YOUR greed? How many houses do you need, anyway?
Das macht mich SO WÜTEND! Ich weiß ja, warum ich dieses ungesunde Zeug nicht an anrühren mag.
My McDonalds is almost self -serve, my grocery, pharmacy &hardware store. Has the fight for minimum wage started to drive business to more automation instead of enriching their Human Resources with skills that would earn them more progressive wages and positions? #MinimumWage
And ur little film is bullshit.
And, if you let them Bernie, that same cashier can work their ass off and educate themselves and maybe, one day, become a CEO themselves. #EqualOpportunity
Getting to where, if you #WANTTOLIVE, you may have to #STOPWORKING
Yet trades jobs are empty...
Is growing! Also if you paid a McDonald's worker $15 an hour that is still not enough for family of 2 to 4! Poverty is not going to cease as long as Prejudice ideology withhold opportunity! Disliking people because of being under educated and living in poverty! Be lenient!
No he's not implying that a common worker contributing more than a CEO! But people work hard labor jobs and unable to take care of the most important things like debt! They only make enough to survive day by day! And the cost of living Plus personal financial responsibility!
Minimum wage should be somewhere around $23 an hour today . All those dollars that have not been paid too employees has just been funneled to the top. The fact is someone would have to work 3 full time minimum-wage jobs today to equal the buying power of one min wage job in 1970
#EndCitizensUnited
That cashier has the freedom to do something else
If you have been working at McDonald's for 7 years, and are only making $292.52, you should probably look for a better job, if you cannot get a better job, maybe you are lacking something, work ethic, education...  If you're a parent making that, you made bad decisions
Senators get paid $80+ an hour based on a 40 hour work week, plus all of the marvelous perks, yet the average person flipping burgers at McDonalds is way more productive than the average politician.  We need to get rid Bernie and the rest of the old, useless, people in DC
Called Capitalism!
Bernie, this just shows your economic ignorance.  I would be happy to debate you at any time on economics
