Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia,  because they will be coming, nice and new and “smart!” You shouldn’t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
Obama left it to congress and nothing was done.  He drew red line  for Syria  nothing. Was.done.
Missiles don’t kill people?
Missiles that kill people in other countries are Constitutionality under Congressional control. There is no such thing as a "Police Action" in there.
@BernieSanders 
A stupid democrat Senator is no longer expected & the Democrats made the most betrayal to the United States..

Why are we bombing Syrian? This guy says wants be war time hero President so bad, he's forcing WWIII. You're not that honorable of a human being. You'll forever be known as a flipping tyrant! May the truth of it slap you in the face the rest of your days.

…
Boquineto, sucio viejo cabron ahora si vas a dar una respuesta... Si es verdad lo que dices actívate en pleno como político y ve al Congreso que amarren a su locoTrump, trukutrump
Congress isn't the Commander in Chief of the Military.   The POTUS can order military strikes in the interest of national security.  Congress issues declarations of war.  President Trump did not declare war.  He authorized the military to drop bombs which can do as the POTUS.
Congress must take back that responsibility,   Americans are screaming for this to stop, but Congress just closes its eyes.  And our leading politicians, including you, continue to back Presidential candidates prone to war
AMEN BERNIE!!!!
Look at the ratings of the public's view of Congress, to coin a phrase, "Deplorable". Oh, and by the way, Truman - Korea, JFK - VIETNAM, LBJ - Vietnam round 2. Dems who didn't seek congress approval to go to war!
President Trump is the United States' President.  

He is Commander in Chief of our armed forces.

US Constitution, Article II.
https://www.law.cornell.edu/constitution/articleii …

A President can authorize an attack for national security reasons and continue for 90 days.
Cállate Sander viejo estúpido
Hahahahahahahaha #InternationalKissingDay
Truly truly I say to you my friends in the Bible is supposed to happen anyway nations rise against Nations Kingdom against Kingdom
Fight to keep us out of these non stop wars

MUST WATCH: Former head of British Armed Forces gets cut off by Sky when he goes off-script on Syria! 
Oh Bern. Guess you aren’t aware he can occupy troops if he wanted for 29 days before needing to ask you useless members of senate.
Shut up Bernie !
Il faut arrêter d'engraisser les vendeurs de canons qui font la politique du monde.

Bernie,Most of Congress members agree to Donald Trump’s decision to strike the Assad Regime,the Assad Regime needs to be punished for using Chemical Weapons and for killing people for 7 years
Anti War Bernie is not a Democrat. Majority of Democrats appear to favor taking action in Syria.
morning Ken I love a good war as much as a frozen xanaxtini but be patient put your pussyhat on and let's get pompeo on the team first. I drone animals in westchester for fun. -hillaryjesus 
#FreePeterDouche
#clintontrumpdouche2020
Hey Paul, nobody is proposing there is going to be a war.  There is a wide range of actions that can be full scale war.
Last year we  bombed a parking lot at one the 6 Syrian Airbases.  
So we will probably escalate to destroy the runways and air assets at 2 to 6 Airbases.
"Range of actions before a full scale war"

This is the most important article I've ever written: "There’s a Good Chance We’re Being Lied to About the Chemical Attack in Syria" http://theantimedia.com/syria-chemical-weapons-attack-lied/ …
I've read similar  arguments over the years. 
*As a precursor to Syria analysis we must consider the high level of bias and propaganda by almost everyone in Syria.
*While use of nerve agents like Sarin has been rare, Assad has been using chlorine consistently through the war.
I'm guessing your heroes?

Why? I'm enjoying my tax cut. Lol I really did get one.
Why would I care about followers? Is that the thing that gives you a voice? I don't think so. SHALLOW. CONSUMER.
Trump & Assad have one thing in common - they are both MAD MEN.
Always listening to MSM’s lack of logic?
No a**hole!  That’s what happens to brainwashed people they can no longer speak for themselves. I can- I believe they are both madmen. I can still form an opinion.  Go back to watching Fox where deception does run deep.
Wow Triggered?
Not at all! Just recognizing!  There’s a difference.  You have a good day - go bother someone else!

You're still obsessed with Hillary?! Get over it 
Not at all!
Congress members own the corporations that will profit the most. You Americans need to change that if you want real democracy.
Americans have forgotten what legal government even looks like anymore.  Of course this should go to the congress, dysfunctional as it is.
'Should', not has to.

A US President has 90 days before requiring Congressional approval.
What a bunch of bull...S___.  You think The U.S will bomb Trumps "brother " Putin.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Ask Congress to vote on a declaration of war in Syria.
Slow down, eager for more killing types
Is Bernie actually almost on Carnage Assaahdudes side?
Bernie what war are ya talking about also the president has 60 days
60 before he needs to withdraw.  30 days to withdraw..

So kinda 90 days total.
* trump want syrian 
Congress has failed to declare war in every conflict since 1941 and has instead allowed the executive branch to usurp its power time and time again just to avoid facing the voters over controversial decisions that they are charged with making
the last chemical attack turned out to be a lie....so
Trump apparently you have absolutely NO idea how this country's political system works...YOU DO NOT MAKE THE THE DECISIONS!!! Congress has all the keys, you're just a doormat.
Trump is in charge of the military.
(US Constitution, Article II)
https://www.law.cornell.edu/constitution/articleii …

He has 90 days before requiring US Congress approval of military action.
Yes but will our congress stop Him?
God help us all
Is president Trump declaring war on #Syria and #Russia ?
right but he can totally bomb places and send troops in. then congress has 180 days to decide whether we go to war or not.
That first class buffoon Trump calls for wars on twitter ffsIf he has no legal authority then tell him to stop threatening anyone/everyone with war who he has a little spat with!!!

You’re a bad person on the inside
And you suck  ! How your wife doing and you??  Stealing money
right... but it has not prevented previous presidents to start or enlarge wars.  Real issue is: finding out who did the gassing (and even if there was gassing at all, instead of jumping the gun like Bush, Cheney, Rice, Obama, Hillary, Trump, Blair, May, Sarkhozy, Hollande, Macron
But we're already at war in Syria and have been for years, which Congress never voted on. I guess that's cool, he's just not allowed to strike from a ship without Congressional approval. Invading the country and bombing civilians is ok.
Bernie 
Keep up your good work.

You are a common sense maverick when common sense is clearly not so common.
Yea I guess you would same the same thing if another country tried to invade this country. You would be the first to run you COWARD
They are comming doesn't mean I am attacking you, it simply means they are comming. President is Commander in Chief, he can move military assets anywhere he wants. Russia doesn't want WWIII, it's why they hacked hillary and the DNC, you know this @SenSanders
It's not our country.
What are you a pro-Russian bot?
obama had no trouble launching missiles or drone strikes.
Mumblings of a madman
Bernie no where in that tweet did he mention broadening the war! So tired of liberals & their constant Fake News attack of our POTUS!!
Little late to respond about not taking action against Syria since we have 2000 troops in northern Syria.  You have Assad desperately trying to hold on to his power;  he has lost control of territory gained by rebels. Seven years of fighting despite Russian and Iranian assistance
1. Kim threatens attack on USA, Trump responds and he left freaks out WW3 is coming. Kim gives in and agrees to a sit down with Trump. 2. Trump enacts tariffs, left responds that we are now in an economic war. China gives in and lowers tariffs. 3. And now Syria..stop freaking out
I’d support you Bernie, but as you never complained about war powers with President Obama’s actions (actual actions, not tweets), you simply become a partisan talking head.
They already have abdicated. What have they been doing for decades?
Agreed but where were you when Obama was bombing Pakistan, Afghanistan, Libya, Yemen, Somalia, and Syria. #EndTheWars
It will never happen, no war, trust my words, it's a silly movie between USA and Russia. The victim is Syrian people.
Your mission can be to destroy Assad and his enemies. In this case,peace will come to the middle east and the world is coming
Again, you want to disagree with the correct decision of president trump!unarmed people and in front of the armed dictatorship!
In your age the best you can do is to give younger to take your place
Especially not to that hairpiece!!
And the killing in the Yemen doesn't matter Mr. President?
.@SenSanders Bernie pls see Ex Syria Ambassador's interview on BBC + article re rebel chem lab find. Pls share
Peter Ford, spot-on. "Hysteria + Distortion" could take us to war. MPs should be MADE to listen to his interview! Plus read this
https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/973661866395361280.html … @irisstylosa
The president has the power although to authorize taking in more Syrian refugees. Democrats should be demanding this as an easy way to help Syrians in their time of need.
Most of us know this, however Trump bought the presidency and it his, - he owns it. Now he can do anything he damn well pleases and no one can stop him. They got the Money. $$$$$$$$$$

Isn’t that what your buddy Putin is?  And yet you LOVE him!  Crazy man, you are Mr. Drumf.
what is wrong with you?
Let Trump calm the situation and protect the innocent Syrian people.
I’m tracking all this
Looks a lot like the same thing that happened on 9/11??????
Power needs to be removed from this man's tiny hands and brain!
Neither did Obama for Libya but we‘re not counting what he did wrong are we?
The President is the Commander in Chief. If he orders his military to attack, he has that right, not you. You had no qualms of Obama or Clinton attacking Afghanistan or Iraq, so stop complaining, #TimeToRetireBernie
Thank you Senator Sanders. Trump tries to run our country like he is our CEO. This is America and not Trump Corporation!
where were you when Obama got us in there in the first place?
Thank you #NoWorldWar3 #NoWarInSyria
STFU, you old vulture.  It's your fault we have that SCROTUS in the WH.  YOUR FAULT!!  #NeverBernie #BernieGaveUsTrump
Don't blame the victim! Russia hacked the electoral college votes
That is a contradiction that assumes war was declared. Broadening?
Reading the coments of Trump supporters in that tweet... Is the most discousting thing i've ever readed in my life. What a bunch of sick and miserably people.
Sadly, this has not been true for decades.
People they are trying to keep you blinded with hating Trump. Both parties been corrupt for many years
 #3 @SenJohnMcCain #5 Mouaz Moustafa is ISIS emergency task force he is also seen with @SpeakerRyan It's time to clean up this corrupted government. #QAnon  #ChildSexTrafficking
Although, something must be done. Bernie, what can be done to stop the genocide?
The president is an idiot.  Plain and simple.
And you’re gonna do what? Tweet?

I think the words of James Madison noting what Gerry had to say during the debates on the writing of the Constitution makes it clear.
In a Republic no one man decides for WAR, but we seem to have KING DONALD.
Why is it every time Donald says he is pulling the troops out, Assad decides to use chemical weapons? Doesn't make sense, seriously
Yeap, is like EEUU doesn't even try anymore when It comes to make war excuses.
Senator! Don’t be played! I know you don’t like to talk about Russia, but this nonsense about “war” is what Putin and tRump want you to believe. Why do you think tRump bombed an empty airfield that was back in operation in less than 24 hrs last time? Think man! Think!
Exactly! #stillfeelthebern 
Shut up old man
What are you? Six years old? Be quiet. The grownups are speaking now.
Congress is kinda whipped until November at the earliest.
Well here is an idea.....why doesn’t Congress address the atrocities that are taking place in Syria instead of just turning a blind eye. There are children dying and suffering from horrible shit and yet you do NOTHING.
The rumor is we are. Were supposively putting our military into position to hit them hard. Much harder than last time.
Then get to work! You do nothing but complain
Right!!! Congress has to authorize military action being used. Except for Korean War. And Vietnam. Oh and Desert Storm. Iraqi freedom too. And the Afghanistan conflict...ok I quit
Skip this legalistic bullshit and say going to war in syria is bad

You talk big. You got anything to back it up? Or has hiding out as a socialist in Vermont left you with too few friends in the Senate to get anything done? Let's see it big guy. 

Tweeting isn't governing.  
Tweeting isn't defending our nation.

Do something.
Da fuq? Tweeting literally is a part of a Senator's job actually, informing and engaging with the public. If Dems retake Congress he could actually try passing some laws until then not a lot he CAN do besides filibuster stuff and give speeches
Here's my point: We.need to learn from each other. Position statements,  position papers, white papers, press releases. Those can TEACH. We see the reasons, the logic, the basis for others points of view. I want to learn from others. Tweets are too short to teach. Thanks.
The Neville Chamberlain’s of today...BTW did you get to the bottom of Russian ops in favor of you during the primaries?
Obviously the Russians favored tRump! Or did that go over uour head?
You are uninformed. News wasn’t in your cliffsnotes?
Bernie I'm a huge fan, however on this one I have to disagree.  I believe when a country uses chemical weapons the response should be Swift and harsh.  If a president is going to have to ask then Congress needs to commit to a timeline of hours to decide.
Again, then Congress needs to commit to a timeline.  It won't do any good to wait weeks while people debate the issue.  The actual declaration I believe should be congressional.
Bernie is defending Russia because he honeymooned in Moscow.

We don't need a commie.
Democratic Socialsim is it Communism smdh
Progressives have a lot to learn.
Where were your objections the last 8 years.
Google it and you'll find them - he objected to Obama's use of the AUMF as the basis to attack ISIS.
i cant find them , if you could some notworthy examples that would be great , i have an archive of what politicians , parties , countries or companies really stand for
Here’s Bernie’s response to Obama bombing Libya. SANDERS: I have reservations about our involvement in Libya. I mean, we are in a huge deficit. We are in two wars. And I would become somewhat conservative on that issue. Pretty week.
Yes as opposed to those strongly pro peace Republican politicians right? Give us a break please
Show me Bernie’s tweets on the constitutionality of Obama bombing Libya and American citizens in Yemen.
War isn't something to hope for and advocate for. War brings sorrow death and ruin. More people need to advocate for peace. Honestly we have enough on our plate right here in the USA we don't need to be going to war with anyone we need to fix our country.
Tell 'em, Catzy!
remind me again, where were u when Obama was bombing 7 diff countries, 5 which we are not at war with? I'll wait. Hypocrite!
Those conflicts were set by Republican lawmakers, remember?
Obama dropped more bombs per day than Bush but you wanna try to blame Republicans for that?

There are war mongers on both sides.  Obama was certainly one.  If you don't know that, do your homework.

Psssh, Congress effectively conceded war powers to the executive a loooooooooooong time ago. Complain as we might, and as perhaps we should, but this is a 60 year atrophy, not a 2 year one.
Like they did not ‘declaring war’ in Vietnam?! Pls secure them in straight-jackets @POTUS s @VP.  I believe Bandy Lee, MD: both very dangerous. @nbcsnl @SNLUpdate @RepMaxineWaters @SenKamalaHarris @TheRickWilson @RepSwalwell @tedlieu #MuellerIsHere #ItsOver #Morons
Personally, I would encourage all US leaders to denounce the idea of going to war. If we respond with war, it will only bring more death. 

http://theuncommonchristian.blogspot.com/2018/03/is-war-truly-biblical.html …
Did anyone else read this in Bernie's voice?
Just like Bush
You tell 'em, Bernie.
Yeah but the POTUS serves as Commader-in-Chief of the armed forces and can preemptively send troops
You need to be quite like you were when Hillary stold your chance at the people house
It would be a police action, like Vietnam, not an actual war. Unless I misses it, we've never actually declared war on Syria, if we had Syria wouldn't be a thing anymore.
I won't be voting for you Bernie, you have shown your true colors lately.
Basically Dem/GOP  are basically the  one party to war and  money making genecide.
True. #Trump must get Congressional authorization #AND Congress must not authorize a war against a UN member state unless the UN Security Council passes a resolution authorizing the use of force. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkhnGgfC3FQ&list=PLfrlsC1yJ2dRkyKOcN7rvtgWf6-l1Wcmc … #Resistance #NoWarInSyria
Broadening ???? Why are we even over there ?????
Let's hope @POTUS resigns to not get impeached, just like that idiot did 
Well, with your record of voting for military actions, not sure its more than just a formality.
He CLEARLY HAS NO IDEA WHAT HIS JOB IS!!!!
Congress will vote yes.   Congress is bought and paid for.  #restoreTheConstitution
I do not believe the war is the right thing but the biggest responsibility of a president which she wanted to be is keeping us safe and he does have constitutional rights and all
Thank you, Senator, but insisting on a vote is just one important step. Others are (1) to demand PROOF that Assad is guilty of this accusation, and (2) to make sure the response doesn't make matters worse by aiding the cause of terrorist rebels in Syria. Neither is a small matter
Congress has abdicated most of yals responsibility... #DoNothingCongress
I wish you were as vocal on bombing when Obama was bombing 7 countries
tell cnn and company
Trump is the man.
Press on!
Let the people decide.
Well Theresa May wants to take Britain into the conflict without a parliamentary vote, following the trail of unstable lunatic @realDonaldTrump 
We live in such dangerous times
The US bombs will be coming nice new and smart? What does that mean?
TJ. When the missals come flying are you going to do a Triggered video about them?
Thanks Bernie! You and Rand Paul are fucking awesome! I'm not voting Republican or Democrat in the midterms! Fuck their Blue/Red Wave of lies, bullshit, corruption and deception!
Trust.. Congress?
Same goes with our Parliament!
And Congress bends over backward to abdicate in 3... 2... 1....
Wrong. The president has the right to send missiles to retaliate to a humanitarian issue against a country committing genocide against its own people. It's been done by every president sends WWII  Republican and Democrat. The president only needs Congress approval to declare war.
We have May sidestepping too.. do you think they are too excited to wait to for permission to open their weapons of mass destruction?
Words means nothing
BERNIE Because FUCK This Shit
You and Vladimir can work this out! Your both grown, intelligent men who love their countries! Nobody wins a war!
This was a Bros heads up to #Putin to get his expensive battle brigades out of the way. It wasn’t a threat to #Putin, but a tip off.
Your silence was thunderous during the @POTUS44's regime, BS @SenSanders
Or where you just not listening?
This wannabe president we have really doesn’t understand laws or the constitution. He needs a 4th grader to tutor him. Please let’s hope he is out before he manages to kill us all. We need to keep our friends and stop cuddling with our enemies!
Well technically, as you already pointed out by the word "broadening" we are already at war (troops on the ground and boats in the water) w Syria. Where were you and Congress to stop Obama when he actually started this?  And what is your proposed solution to the use of chems?
@realDonaldTrump Oh by the way did you forget the war powers act?  POTUS has the authority to act for up to 60 days and I am sure he will let you all swamp dwellers know within 48 hrs as prescribed by law.  Even Mr Waldorf knows that
@realDonaldTrump Bernie aka Mr. Waldorf, you have a habit of cherry picking the articles of the Constitution you choose to follow.  Why don’t you find the article that allows Congress to have the Federal government mandate free healthcare, free education and minimum wage? 1/2
The FBI ignores subpoenas from Congress. They're nobody.
Just one coordinated attack, is not a war.
Tell em Bernie.  Congress are bought yo.
With the market declining I think it's best for us to work together as investors this try to find ways to make our economy stronger.
Great picks for tomarrow...

MARA
TOPS
AKTX
AAPL
DBX
CATB
@realDonaldTrump   why would he ask you idiots permission? Did obummer, clinton, you were there you dope!!
You're right let's just keep on doing wars all the time, because other parties have also done them. Genius mode activated.
First of all your facts are completely wrong/cherrypicked, secondly Sanders obviously did oppose and question that action. Did anyone in the GOP? Did Trump? Your boys are all for military actions, attacked Obama for withdrawing from Iraq remember? Shut up with the nonsense
Trump doesn’t respect legal restrictions
Or much else,come to think of it.
Since when do you care? 8 years of Obama bombing the shit out of the Middle East.
It's a police action, congress not needed
Oh
Oh for Gods sake you didn’t say shit when your pal Obama droned the hell out of the Middle East. King Hypocrite over here needs to reign in his interns
Bernie the reason you will never be elected is because your a chicken shit pussy just like your cronies. Go back to bed
He doesn’t know
What do you mean "no legal authority"? He's the commander in chief. Congress has to approve a declaration of war but the president can send drone strikes...like I dunno....Obama did.
Its the same thing. I have nothing against Obamas drone/missile strikes. Why do you jave a problem with Trumps? It makes no sense.
It does make sense if you consider that people also don't approve of Obama's military actions.
The question was not whether or not you approve of them, Bernie Sanders says Trump doesnt have the authority to do so, which is patently false.
Congress doesn't have the right to start #WW3 . An idiot is just as bad as one hundred idiots.
Nah, @realDonaldTrump is worse than 100 idiots
Well, once Congress can get rid of Daylight Saving Time, I'll acknowledge their relevancy.
Did you tell that to Obama?!?
Did Obama attack Syria? NOPE he actually refused to do so, even though he got constantly attacked by REPUBLICANS for not doing it. STFU idiot
He had more simultaneous wars going on than any president in history.
Astounding that other members of Congress aren’t raising this same point.
The Socialist is WRONGGGGGGGGG!!
Is Trump telling him what to look for? Hidden info?
Lol you’re funny
Umm..Dear Mr. Sanders, its come to my attention that Congress may have missed the fact that dumbass in chief has access to nukes, and also doesn't give a flying rats as whether Congress approves or not!? What aren't you all getting here!?
Bernie- are you going to support Democrats in November???
If now now, when. If not u who?
Putin is 20x more intelligent than Trump and may put together. They haven't got a chance, he will be 20 steps ahead of the game.
I don't normally accuse people of being paid by the Russian govt to troll but wow. That's a rather remarkable thing to say or think. Kinda worshipful and sycophantic of a foreign dictator there
It seems Congress shines by its absence in 2018.  Unsure who is running this country. Rutherless.
La France et les USA doivent s'occuper de leurs affaires ! Ne refaites pas une 2nd guerre en Irak !
Save us Bernie!
Yep! Why are they so afraid to be held accountable for their vote to authorize war?
Amenz
You abdicated your authority for 8 years of the Obama Administration
This is a good start Bernie, but you need to be stronger. Let's see some if that old anti-Iraq War fire.
#handsoffsyria. We need to stop this war of lies
DO SOMETHING THEN BERNIE. DO SOMETHING. STOP CRYING.
Love you
This is exactly what we were all afraid of! This freaking buffoon knows nothing! 
Yeah let’s let Assad gas his own people
Bombing Syria will really help those poor civilians.
You mean the ones being gassed?
Look, no one supports gassing.  But the FIX isn't BOMBING.  That won't help them.  That will only kill more people.  If you want to kill more people, then go ahead and support military escalation. 

I don't want to kill more people, so I won't support it.  Got it?
Who does Trump think he his? Obama?
Both parties agree not to go to war! There isn’t even enough proof of it being real
Anyway, killing Assad is a correct choice for syrian and the whole world. The only problem is if USA want to take the responsibility with its own money and own soldier's life. Leader means sacrifice sometimes.
Ok, so when is the last time congress declared war?  Was that the last time the president got us involved in a "conflict" in which we killed people using our military? No.
You were cheated by HRC so we voted for @DrJillStein. You allowed Obama to go to war whenever and wherever he wanted.
Does NATO-UK/US Pentagon Follow @POTUS  Orders?  He Wanted to Leave Syria. What is The Deep State Industrial Complex?  If we signed the OPCW Agreement, Why Does This Exist?  What is The Greater Israel Project?  Putin and Assad are Fighting for Humanity!
People’s lives & world leadership are not matters of tweet.  We must move away from romper room opinions that prize a victory of ego.Our concerns are with innocents who suffer by actions of the selfish & greedy. The highest office requires honor and honorable conduct.  Love U B
You Also assassin
Trump has no idea how this will end. A bit of a worry to the rest of the planet.
And you know he doesn’t care! Shame on all supporting him and those not doing anything possible to get rid of him
