Sell one of your houses and buy them new chairs Comrade...It's hard to take Millionaire Communist Politicians serious who comment negatively about Billionaires
Yeah bc selling his 90k condo in DC is really gonna change the world..

He's not a millionaire btw. He's well off, but it's all traceable. 

He does not have a superpac nor does he take big money donations
I was talking about his homes in Vermont...he has a home in DC?..make that sell one of your 4 homes Comrade and buy them new chairs...Millionaire Communist Politicians shouldn't comment negatively about Billionaires..
Wow. No amount of facts will dissuade you from your opinion. 

Must be comfortable out there.
By "Out There" you mean "Living in reality" yeah..it's quite comfortable..I never seen people fight so hard to make everyone believe a rich man is poor...
He ain’t poor, nobody in this thread claims that. But you’re hating on Bernie because he wants to reasonably counteract the decades-long move to make the wealthy wealthier. That’s your right to say, and my right to wholeheartedly disagree.
Decades long? No dear, read some history becuase the rich getting richer is the hisotry of wealth and power for the entire world.
Yeah, I was speaking more to the vast growth in income disparity since the GI bill+strong unions+robust manufacturing in the 1950s and ‘60s. So - decades long. 
We can talk about historical hoarding of wealth and power if you like, but you’re gonna have to drop the condescension
It's time for the wealthy to pay their fair share of taxes!
They already pay 93% of ALL TAX IN THE USA! Ever wonder why people, who are on GOVERNMENT ASSISTANCE get THOUSAND DOLLAR REFUND CHECKS when they DON'T EVEN WORK?????
they’re a troll guys, c’mon
I'm a US NAVY VETERAN troll. Just because someone disagrees with you, doesn't mean they don't exist.
yeah super accurate profile pic too i’m sure, excuse me for thinking that someone who doesn’t understand how the US economy works could be from another country.

While the Speaker of the House sez:
GOP ideology is to privatize everything, including wars, because big biz want to make a buck off of Americans. Defund Medicare and Medicaid, and infrastructure, while insulting civil servants as inept bureaucrats.
You should stay away from economic talk. You don’t understand how market economies work. Just think our country could be like Venezuela if we adopted your plans. No jobs. No money. No food.
Or  your country could become a little bit more  like  most of  the western  European countries. You know, those terrible socialist  ones like  Germany, France or  Sweden with ridicoulus stuff like  affordable health care or  good  free education for everyone....
I’m guessing you’re not American and our people are free to move to those countries if they want. The ones that have been taken over with Muslim migration causing numerous rapes and deaths where they have to wait forever to get a procedure done.
Also, I prefer to wait a little for a procedure in non-life-threatening situations (if your life is in immediate danger, there is no waiting, but a very good emergency system!) instead of being financially ruined for years ;).
How are we communicating right now? How are you typing this? On your computer which came from America? Or your smart phone which also came from America. Good thing we are greedy here so I can here your wonderful ideas.
Do a little research and google "Konrad Zuse" ;). So much for "American" ideas :D.
Do a little research. Steve jobs. Mark zuckerburg. Jack Dorsey. Bill gates.
So, Bernie, I hear you are selling two of your three houses to help in the teachers salary dispute?
Yeah we could privatize education and expand choice to parents via voucher system. Your ideas have been tried and the results speak for themselves: most money spend per student yet results are horrible. And your solution is to do more of the same?
Privatization of schools is not the answer. The fact that people are trying to make money through the education of minors is disgusting.
Privatization = competition.
Privatization = greedy individuals who care more for money than providing services guaranteed to benefit people.
Lol. Privatization ensures competitive markets where businesses compete for customers. And how do you win over customers? With promises like public educations driven by unions or with tangible results?
Results based on corporate bottom lines, not educational research and student preparedness.  No thanks.
And how well are students today prepared for life and jobs? Let's not forget how U.S spends the most money per student than any other western country yet American students are far behind in international rankings. Why so despite more money being thrown to public education?
And it’s less money not more in many states when you account for inflation. You’re misinformed.
Taxation is theft.    Do we need more proof?
Taxation without representation is theft*  

Last I check public education is well within the interest of the people.

I hate when you libertarians take misquote that saying.
I understand your argument, and it would be valid if we ignored the results and looked only at the intentions.   Govt has been in charge for quite awhile.  How are they doing?  Obviously not so well, or we wouldn’t be having this conversation 
The entire point is to make the government accountable. 

We're spending too much on military but barely any on education or healthcare.
We’ve been trying to “hold govt accountable” for a very long time.  It’s not working. We live in a full blown banana republic.  As far as healthcare, we spend entirely too much.  Govt subsidies are to blame.  govt does NOTHING efficiently.
Government subsidies aren't to blame, but keep telling yourself that. What the problem has always been is a fundamental misunderstanding of economic flow at the macroeconomic level. Instead of looking at government spending in the macro, everyone attempts to place micro laws
I agree govt spending is the main reason and the Fed is the enabler. That’s also the source of “economic flow” mismanagement.   Govt is inefficient and attempt to artificially manipulate markets.
I don't often agree with @SenSanders but when he is right by God he is right, and this time he's exactly right.
this is so disgusting they have all the money in the world to spend on funding wars and give tax cuts to billionaires like they need it but do not wanna spend money to fund schools and fund our teachers and fund there resources its really shameful and disgusting.
It makes sense because rich people have no intention of a mass of people becoming rich through education
Except it's the government that decides what's alowed to be taught.
Except it's corporations who are bribing government from allocating resources to the people.
Then it won't matter what taxes they're paying, now will it?
Again not the point
@UvKLvr47 
Why is Bernie Sanders the only member of Congress speaking out ?????????
Greedy GOP billionaires don't care! They only care about their wallet!

Hey old man with wind-blown hair. I am a teacher. What do billionaires have to do with this?
You could sell one of your homes and donate that money!  I am sure they would be appreciative! What a gesture that would be. You should do that. Do that. Go on.....
Where have you been doing the Obama administration ?????????????
You’re right! We need to get government out of our schools! Vouchers and privatization will fix this. Schools should be run by business people, not politicians and academic pin heads. There’s plenty of money, it’s just mismanaged, like everything else the gov touches!
I'v been a public school teacher for 25 yrs.The reason schools are a mess is exactly b/c business ppl have gotten involved. And if u don't know what I'm talking about, its b/c u don't understand what's really going on. Don't assume  u understand the problem.
I think you’re confusing business people with politicians. A business is held accountable for revenue and results. We spend more per student than any other, but because schools are government run that money is squandered, lost, or stolen!
I hear what u'r sayin. But we're bn run like a business. Teachers that LOVE teaching at-risk kids r bn told they'll lose their job if their test scores don't go up. Y? B/c of accountability. Tons of $ 2b made in testing. Profit over the future of children. 
Donate your book sales, promise laws that make the Clinton’s and Hollywood live on “only a mil or so” and I will totally vote for you.
Obama  Héritage
Thank you for the reminder on how you all suck at ur job! Congress should Represent, not blame. Fix it, or is congress just incompentent? This is why Trump is in office. Cause we are sick of congress' (politician's) games. The people can protest in more than one way.
The Republicons don't care about education for 99% of Americans. If they can keep people ignorant, they are easier to exploit!
8 years
Why didn't Obama fix em?
Have you surrendered any of your mansions for the sake of the nation? I am sure the proceeds from selling even two of your summer mansions could fund multiple Oklahoma classroom furniture sets. #Socialist #Hypocrites #PracticeWhatYouPreach
We spend more money per student than anyone in the world. It's not a money issue it's a systemic issue.
The Scandinavians and most of western Europe are better resourced and have better results.
Bernie knows many many billionaires millionaires who are pedophiles and PEDOVORES inside and out of govt and Bernie wants to protect children seizing their assets!
Thank you Bernie. I walk the line because our kids deserve a more just system.
Don't blame the wealthy for mismanagement of government
blame the republican government of oklahoma who obeyed the lobbyists of the wealthy instead
One of the largest school district in the State, Moore Schools, has called for classes to start tomorrow. The teachers need our support now more than ever!
Bernie Sandars may have lost his mind. 
Our Billionares and millionars are harbouring money overseas... raise taxes and they just ship more money over seas. Is he stupid or stupid?
Then tax money hidden overseas.
My property taxes go up each and every year, as they do ALL AROUND THE COUNTRY. 
Mine skyrocketed this year
Yep. We home school, so mine is a donation!!!
Public schools and public school teachers' pay etc are primarily a STATE and locality matter, Senator. The federal govt, the U.S. Congress, 'giving' federal tax-breaks to billionaires and corporations is unrelated to this topic/issue.
It's highly relevant. The federal government has contributed millions of dollars to schools. This is a collective effort to advance or children for tomorrow's jobs.
"This is a collective effort to advance or children for tomorrow's jobs."

How does a chair advance children for tomorrowa jobs? Better standards maybe, better pay for teacher maybe but chairs? What fantasy world do you live in?
It's more than chairs
Hollywood is a cash cow!
"Billionaires" getting tax breaks has nothing to do with how schools are funded. You're comparison is blatantly bias. Further, what are school districts doing with the billions of dollars they receive from state and federal taxes?
Here ya go!
As a teacher, I am disgusted.  There is simply no reason for this. Meanwhile, this administration flaunts money for free trips on the taxpayers' dime, buy $31,000 worth of dining room furniture, a freaking military parade, and don't get me started on tax cuts.  Ugh!
Bernie is a strong supporter protecting children thru out the world and arresting people in and out of govt who participate in pedophilia! You're a great man Bernie !
LOL....
notice not one will agree lol
They're too busy catching up on their Spirit Cooking...
people love people who are straight shooters
Every year education funding is increased. Maybe we don't need so many education departments or the "administrators" that come with them.
False. Teacher salaries are routinely outpaced by inflation even when growing, many school districts have faced repeated cuts & pay freezes over the past 2 decades, & teachers are routinely asked to use own time & money to campaign for bonds&levies. Plus infrastructure costs!
No cuts at the federal level as Bernie implied. Education funding should be a state and local issue.
Why? Should where a child is born/raised in this country determine the quality of that child's education? Or should all children in the country be entitled to high-quality education? I say the latter.
You tell em Bernie!!
Love u
I’m making more an hour then a teacher . . This is absolutely disgusting. . . . 
Trump has left it up to the press to decide where his salary will go. I vote for Planned Parenthood! Retweet!
Bernie were did all the tax $$ go. 

-Infrastructure falling apart
-School doing poorly
-Post Office sucks
-VA administration does poorly for 
veterns
NEED I GO ON. IT'S MIS MANAGEMENT BY GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS. LIKE YOURSELF
So who funds the lobbyists that push for this mismanagement?
No shit! That’s what big government leads to wasted money and people paying the price. You are the problem
oklahoma isn't a big government state though
Can we PLEASE, give credit to the teachers in WV for starting this movement?!?! Most places dont know what happened in WV!
It pisses me off that WV barely got national coverage, but it starts in other states and now you see news about it everywhere!
And most of these aren’t crediting WV teachers for staring this, and fighting for over a month to get it started.
Same imposed Neoliberal austerity for us in U.K.but millionaires well taken care of. We need a Socialist government with #JeremyCorbyn leading
Texas teachers are not allowed to strike...how about fixing that
And crooks like you get rich spending your life in government "service" you're as dirty as anyone in the swamp
What was before tax cuts?
Yes it's sad but I would like to know how many voted them in because of loyalty to their party.
Who gives a shit what you have to say
I support teachers %.
OK can do themselves a favor by voting in people that care abt issues like these. It’s  not helping voting for the GOP. They should vote for their own self interests but they won’t.
Hell Social workers are last on the totem pole too!! 
Typical politician playing politics.  Both parties had a chance to increase education funding.  Both parties funneled money instead to pet projects and giving themselves raises.  Party politics is failing this state and country.  Both parties fail their constituents.
Oklahoma has no method to determine if CONSTITUENT voices are being accurately documented, as ELECTED OFFICIALS block discussions and votes. FAILURE to fund #Education is a #humanrights and #wellness problem. NOONE has made any suggestions on HOW TO MANAGE THIS BLOCK. @SenWarren
Go away! You are an opportunist dividing the democratic party. You love the attention and run to the cameras, or the latest cause.  Most of us are not fooled by you.  Pick a home, take up knitting, and be quiet.
I'm gonna bet that DEMOCRATS run the city, just a wild guess
Are you upset that your just a millionaire and not a billionaire
Where are all the funds that Education is supposedly getting going. Where is the additional monies from the outside going like the lotteries. WHOEVER IS IN CHARGE NEEDS TO BE FIRED and this includes Governors, CONGRESS.
I am not a billionaire!  I got a tax break!
Yes, but our tax cuts won't last. Theirs will. And when they gut social security to pay for the deficit from tax cuts, their retirement won't suffer, but ours will. Don't be fooled by the smoke screen.
Yes Bernie, t. resources of a great country =wasted for goals of  "supremacy"that lead to endl. wars. T. real & domestic issues that threaten human civilisation on Earth are projected on t. "others". The species Man represents in its spiritual structure an indivisible unity.
You know billionaires are more import to Congress
Too bad your ego was more important to you than the country! ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
#FuckBernie
No, Bernie, it's not the "Billionaires" fault, it is the wastefulness, budget fat, and political corruption misusing tax revenue.
美国人真节约

What the hell did you Democrats do when you had the house and Senate. Not a damn thing for America. Everyone was going into poverty
 So u just lie.
Yes, you have a job to do. It's all about prioritizing... and maybe tax the weapon industry a bit more...!
If you want to fix education funding, you must reform teachers pensions systems, which in many districts is expected to consume the entire education budget by 2030. 
As the system is now, any new funding will not likely go to working teachers or students. :/
I'm telling u this right now. If you take away teacher pensions, you will have ZERO ppl left in the profession. And you don't want to live in a world without teachers. You have no idea what I do for my students on a daily basis. Trust me.
If you can read and write, thank a teacher. 
If you can read and write, you have power.
If you can read and write, you can have democracy. .

Democracy doesn’t exit if you don’t educate the people.
Exist. Typo.
Billionaires get tax breaks, but your colleagues on the hill get to become fabulously wealthy trading on inside information, which would get the rest of us a free set of prison fatigues.
Clean up your own workplace before criticizing those of "billionaires"
Lets encourage the states and federal government to open their books to the public so we can see where money is being wasted, and the voters will quickly let their elected public servants know what money can be diverted to these needs.
It's a damn shame that @BarackObama Democrats, and you cheated and overlooked these teachers during your political reign.
Bernie you are full of s**t ! How can we be the richest country when we are 20 trillion dollars in debt ?? Explain that one genius.
Teachers do deserve better. A creative solution is needed That does NOT include unions. Unions created this mess. Adversarial relationships, a need for excessive administration, & long term suppression of pay have destroyed the entire education system. Socialism FAILS again!
this
@realDonaldTrump great job making America great again.. #clownemoji
What are the communities doing? What are the states doing? The towns mayors?
“And butterscotch pudding for everyone!!”
well your right on that, but what kind of tax breaks do you and your wife get and have taken
billionaires are like extra states with a population of one.
There is no way a senator should make more than a teacher.
Oklahoma deserves any and every hardship... We'll never forget BLACK WALLSTREET
Every now and then you get something right and I agree with you. The only problem is there is always an angle with you. Like for example, you yourself are benifiting from tax cuts, you haven't introduced a bill to help teachers. Talk is cheap senator
The only people benefiting from the new tax plan are the 1%, and Bernie is far from that
For people tweeting about socialism,  paying teachers isnt socialism.  Tax breaks for teachers isn't socialism.  Some kids aren't being fed and come to school dirty.  Teachers feed them and clothe them with their own money.  We need to help our teachers.
Thank you Bernie!! 
Many teachers buy lunches,  books,  equipment, crayons, pencils, even notebook computers,  ipads etc for special needs students.  Some teachers buy kids clothes & bring the dirty clothes home to wash. God bless our good teachers.
It’s the same in the UK too, my kids art department has to personally buy their own chairs for pupils, they don’t get the funding... this I find terribly sad, the the creativity department doesn’t get counted in the funding allowance when it’s such an important subject 
#SocialismSucks #Socialism #berniesanders #feelthebern
$7.65 hr with a Bachelor’s degree that you choose,yet women cry about the wage gap .
I want you to run and win in 2020, because I know you and your team will do what you say and really fix things!
based on what, do you "know" this?
@SenSanders what have you done in your state, let alone any other, to get higher pay, if required via billionaire tax? My guess is nothing, prove me wrong. Stop grandstanding, you’re supposed to be a leader, the Constitution makes this a state issue, do something RIGHT about it!
Off all holidays, every weekend 2 weeks for Christmas 1 week for thanksgiving and all summer. Cry me a river!
There’s always money for war, increased military budgets and bank bailouts but nothing for schools. You could easily reduce your military budget by 200bn to improve society and still spend more then the rest of the world
And if your wife had the chance she would rob them blind
Uh.... where in the US does a teacher only make minimum wage???
Too many adjunct professors make minimum wage, even less, when you consider how many hours they're expected to work for incredibly low salaries. 1/3 are on public assistance, most have at least 2 jobs, and a growing number are homeless.
At least the GOP will save money on Healthcare by ditching Chiropractor coverage. No need for one without a spine.
The proposed 280+ public school closings in Puerto Rico are an outrage! All to take advantage of the post-María mess to privatize schools and turn them into charters or give vouchers.
So are yo saying that ya’ll socialists finally want to spend tax money more intelligently.  If so, you won’t be able to hold so many voters in bondage.
Yes we do. Get Democrats out of office, and we’ll be on our way.
This nation's priorities are completely skewered. Money for war, none for infrastructure or education or health care. We are rapidly becoming a third world nation.
The people running the show send there kids to private school. That’s why they can continue to cut public education without sacrificing their children’s education.
You old man needs to take a break and retiree.  You and Jayne are crooks too!!
it didn't ised to be that way, but then govt got involved. Everything the govt touches turns to shit. USPS, Amtrak, etc.
Always you are negative, there is nothing good happening any where for you . You want everything free and not to pay tax .
Yes, we do, but without you leading the charge. #TakeASeat
Maybe the CLINTON'S foundation can provide these schools with furnished like they did for Haiti !! You hipercrite
My God! That teacher makes $7.65 an hour in Oklahoma! How can anyone be expected to survive on that? Oklahoma should be ashamed! Blue State Liberal here pulling for all of you to get the respect and raises you deserve!
Oklahoma another red state. Will they ever figure out the Republicans are not their friend.
#KochWorld Paul Ryan!  #RunIndependently2020 #LongLiveTheBern #TeachersMatter #School @LeeCamp
So many trolls on every Bernie post. I love it! 
Yeah..but leave gun reform alone for now...People do not trust the government for a reason..common sense..
Wealthy is as wealthy DOES.  There has to be more sharing going on. #Share
But now teachers can shoot people, so that makes up for it!
I have no problem with rich people getting tax breaks so long as everybody else gets them!
I'm sick and tired of my taxes paying for people who do not work for their money.
 The 1% wealthy people. lol
The Indians contributed 1.6 billion gaming dollars to Oklahoma schools and they are still broke. The tax cuts aren’t the problem bernie. It’s frauds like you in charge of that money that it just disappears. So much waste in this country and you never say shit I know you take alot
Socialist Terrorist Supporting Fool
Don't forget the nice chair you sit in along your beautiful office.  A lot of waste at the state and federal level.  You are blaming #Corporations for your #politicial mistakes.  Most of it is at the state level.
Bernie supporters are morons
Rather nice portfolio you have sir , lead by example.
Your message is disingenuous to the point of being recklessly misleading.  
Yes, teachers need more resources but that is not the fault of rich people.  Municipalities need to do better with tax $ allocation and bring the classrooms into the 21st century.
Billionaires pay most of the actual tax dollars.
Broken chairs are a state issue.
Please @SenSanders support bill #hr3444 #FoodRecoveyAct so millions of struggling Americans can ride above poverty, grocery stores can donate and be protected from liabilities. #ThrowingFoodIsNotCool and it hurts the environment. Hungry kids are struggling kids. Thanks
Hey comrade, I got a huge tax break to! Also got a huge raise because of the huge tax break. What do you say to that? Ignoring the fact that the millions of silent middle-class are better off now than the last 10yrs?
Tough to build communities when so many pay nothing in taxes!  Keep enabling Bernie!
Blame the teachers Unions. Instead of the unions paying for Democrats slush funds, maybe they should be doing whats right for the students and teachers.
#FakeNews You're lying about the tax breaks being exclusive to billionaires again, Bernie. The majority of taxpaying Americans know that isn't true.
The “teachers” are looking for one thing and one thing only - MORE MONEY - They could give 2 S#!TS about their students - Incompetent, Overpaid, Underworked, Union Hacks - Who regularly produce a substandard student!
Well give some of your wealth to help!!  You should have won tho. Maybe it could have changed the game
America doesn't want to do better!!!
#FuckYouBetsyDeVos
Bernie, go away!
Nope. You deserve every little bit of what’s happening to your public education, health & social services; as long as you collectively support endless wars against small defenceless nations who never did you wrong. Deal with it, or deal with your goddamn warmongering plutocrats.
@amjoyshow @TheLastWord @allinwithchris 
We are missing the point here. The tweet to Russia was to give them a chance to move their people in Syria.
A sucker born every minute or someone with an agenda? Stop gravy training hypocrites. Oh I get it actors like actors so hollywood supports an image over truth.
Very true!
&1 state read schools can only afford2stay open 4 days a week USA OBSCENE WEALTH&A people with NO DEMOCRATIC REPRESENTATION. CorporateA& Powerful Wealthy buy political power protection outcomes&Corp MSM Presss markets the vested interest spin Power2shape the national debate?
What they are doing in Puerto Rico is criminal. The Secretary of Education is closing schools left and right and renting those empty buildings to political friends for a $1.00 a month, it's hard to believe but it's true.
The poor employees don't have a chance, they r the customers of the billionaires and have to pay for the teachers pay, it all get passed to them.
Start by electing more Republicans. 

Democrats just supportbillegal aliens .
Bernie understands many politicians govt officials corporate world all are not safe when it comes to pedophilia
Bernie and Trump agree pedophiles money will be seized and redistributed for our children's future
Bernie knows we will seize assets from billionaires and millionaires aka Jeff Epstein just to name one this money will go to our children's future! Again Thanks Bernie
Americans need to take charge of their future and destiny and VOTE in every election!
This is outrageous!
I don't understand why GOP followers are so selfish and unaware.
..The spending per child is going up, but the literacy rate is going down!
Our kids are dummer than EVER.
No child is being left behind? Hmm? Proficiency tests are being eliminated and "Cardi B type" young adults are being released into the world.
Omg that's ridiculous. A teacher makes $7.65 an hour??!! The minimum wage is $11.35 in British Columbia Canada, and its going to go up to $15. Shame on Kansas.
I think this is a state issue. 
Parents have to be the ones to care and they simply DO NOT! I see parents fighting with teachers because they dont want their kids disciplined for bad behavior. A PTA is Non existent. A "Real Plan" has to be made and followed.
So what do we DO about it? I am open to suggestions. It seems that we have all of these horrible problems in our country and nothing gets done and if it does it could take years. please explain that to me Bernie Sanders.
Bernie you should have thought of all of this when you were out trashing The Democrats helping Trump to win.
You are Phoney and need to go away.
Notice Bernie always says billionaire? Because he's in the millionaire category. Money hungry hypocrite.
#retire
And the GOP wants to  further cut funding because of poor performance. #thanksGOP
spoiled teachers, we had 85 to 90 students in our classes.
maybe Bill Gates and Warren Buffet will spend cash on the future like Carnegie did buy building over 1,700 libraries in the US


"OUR NATION IS BANKRUPT OVER THESE WARS"
"Israel has a powerful stranglehold on US Gov"
Fmr US Congressman Traficant
Trump needs to get off his ass and make sure our teachers had plenty of money to teach our children so that they can lead our country in the future
It should have been you Bernie
You had plenty of time and the numbers. Move on and let a leader take your place. #draintheswamp and start with you
Realign public education spending.  Too many administrators sucking off too much money.  Consolidate school districts and send the savings to the classroom.
Why should this be a Federal issue?
That is a local problem, not a federal one. Want to help? Do an audit on the schools, see where our local tax dollars are going.
oops
Rich people already pay more taxes then anyone else. How about you learn how to find necessary programs instead.
Damn that sucks. If that $7 an hour is true how is it possible I make more and I’m just a high school graduate?
Oppressed vs oppressor #communism #Marxism #socialismisevil
That’s what happens when liberals are in charge
Sure and under Sanders socialism it would get worse!  Maybe get rid of the illegals and the schools resources wouldn't be stretched so thin?
Please do not reproduce
Aw muffin did I hit a nerve?
moron, the top 20% of earners are paying 87% of ALL the income tax collected this year. its not their fault you government morons cant properly re distribute the wealth you steal.
Lies and propoganda. The wealthy individuals and corporations stash trillions in tax havens.
Nice to know I have the IRS on my side when it comes to propaganda. Keep letting somebody else do your thinking for you
So why do you think tax havens exist then? Anyone with one more brain cell than an amoeba knows that they exist to enable wealthy corporations and individuals dodge paying tax.
Corporations dont and never have paid taxes. They EMBED them and the consumer pays them at the register but a 2 party hack statist has to tow the party line
Load of bollocks.
Dont try to think. It will probably scare you.
That's what happens when government takes over the school system.
Atta boy! Let’s get the Liberal cr.... out of our schools.
Give em done money then, you rich old man!
Do any of y’all know how I can help? I live in Virginia and I don’t have any money to donate, but I have family in Oklahoma.
This is so strange. Government is usually super good at managing things. 
I am sick and tired of the clip of the day at the worst school you can find. And teachers get more days off than any profession. So when you naturalize their pay, they’re paid just fine. And there’s no gender pay gap unless you use mismatched statistics. All liberal lies.
*funding
I can't believe that this happen in USA the richer country in the world.
And Bernie's wife gets rich off college loans
Stop complaining. You voted for this
That's why we need more private and charter schools. Public schools are the worst.
This is a state issue. Not a federal one.
And go to the local food bank to eat and buy much needed material the state should be supplying,So answer me this who’s stealllling the much needed money come tell the truth!
Your freakin insane if you think we are the wealthiest country when we have the debt we do.
Shame on Oklahoma and all states that do not support the teachers.
Maybe the billionaires generous charity men that they are not would like to donate from@their millions@and billions to education/ theyve already said no in@oh so many ways BETSY DEVOS@DEPT OF EDUCATION BELIEVES THE OPPOsite/ distribute taxes to privaterich schools.NOT A GOOD IDEA
Their localities need to deal with it. They can “go fund me”.
If you really gave a shit, you'd voluntarily pay extra taxes.  You can even earmark your donation to the Department of Education, if you'd like. https://www.treasurydirect.gov/govt/resources/faq/faq_publicdebt.htm#DebtFinance …
This is why we need school choice. This is how government runs everything. Private schools don’t have this problem.
