Yep. There’s certainly a problem. It’s that the government is in charge of public ed
I agree. I think the church should be in charge of education. Or maybe one of the big banks. Or an oil company.

Let's let one of those decide what our children should and shouldn't know, instead of a group of gov people that we citizens have chosen to elect.
Smdh.
how’s government control working out for schools so far??? Just can’t wrap your head around a different way of thinking lol smh is right
Taking the schools out of the hands of the People is not the answer.

Giving control to people who don't believe dinosaurs existed because they couldn't possibly fit in the Ark is ridiculous
The "people" are apparently government bureaucrats. Giving real power to the people would include a voucher system or tax credit scholarships. The U.S. spends more than almost any other major country on education with terrible outcomes.
Privatizing education only leads to investors making money off of our children. The public education system is an essential part of Democracy.
Why do private schools do so well? Also don't public school teachers and administrators make "money off of our children" as well?
How do we know they are doing well? They have great marketing, but the follow through has never truly been tested. They have no accountability. And, we do know they recruit high achieving students to improve their success rates..guess where that leaves average kids and poor kids?
How does a man in his 80s with a net worth of 300k buy a vacation home for 700k? Weird timing too....
His wife inherited a family vacation home after a death. It was in Maine. She sold it & bought a home in Vt closer to them & their grandkids.
I’m sure
Show me proof that I’m wrong. There’s hundreds of article saying this
I’ll take the word of the anti politician who’s never had a job other than politician who magically “inherrits” a vacation home days after dropping out and enforcing Killary......you’ve been duped by him and the definition of the word “free”
It’s called “reading”. It’s how you do research. Inherits is spelled with one R. Free college and improved education are good for everyone, that’s why I support the politician working to improve society
“Free college” sure sounds good on a campaign but is not technically free someone has to pay for it... Sure you could go after the higher income level of individuals but what gives anyone the right to be entitled to what others have worked hard for.
My friend in high school worked his tail off to get into college, worked a part time to help his mom w the bills, and couldn’t afford more than community college. I wouldn’t call him entitled. The kids I went to college w who coasted through while daddy paid tuition were entitled
What a shame, isn't it terrible that movie stars, sports figures, politicians, and almost everyone has been taught by teachers and the teachers make a penitents of what they make, not right!
I agree. The single most under valued group I can possibly think of. They need a champion against bullies. But I am incredibly pleased to see those bullies being kicked out at the municipal level.
Whether it be administrators or corrupt school boards, the winds of change are blowing and people are rising up to say enough is enough.
Das Vierte Reich macht dich verrückt? Fight back by volunteering with Progressive Democrats of America (@pdamerica). Email MikeFox@pdamerica.org or @PdaFox he’ll hook you right up. If you don’t have time to be an activist chip in (say) $5/month to help fund PDA. They do a lot.
School budgets are voted on locally for a reason, and the people in the district are not seeing their tax dollars managed properly. Quit with your socialist takeover of everything.n



Might I suggest moving then.
get a job.
Get compassion.
get a clue

I wish Bernie retweets wouldn't show up on my TL. Bernie
Same but it’s an important issue. You can unfollow if you like.
Don't want to unfollow. Just expressing my opinion. I don't like him.
I despise him, but I’m worried about public schools because the extremist right is trying to take them over to profit & so they can teach their alternate reality & history.
Any reason for despising him or is it one of those, "He's not a Dem" things?
Here come the bots and trolls. Blocked
Me too.
Perhaps they realized over funding schools is a waste of money.  We spend more per student than other countries and experience continually lower results?  Maybe someone’s wife is embezzling school funds on shady investments like yours did? #yourwifeisacrook #schoolcorruption
You’re misinformed. The states that spend the most money per student continually out-perform those that spend less. There is a tremendous positive correlation between the investment per student and the outcome as measured by test performance.
You know Bernie... I don’t agree with a lot of your views, but I agree with investing in our education system. Our educators and children should not suffer because politicians don’t deem education important.
I think most people do but they get pissed off seeing how a lot of these school districts spend the money. Buying iPads for every student and luxury coach travel buses for out of town games is infuriating.
Haven’t seen any school around here ever get a luxury Bus...
I don’t know where you live but yeah, they’re equipping them with Wi-Fi and all kinds of stuff. Here’s an article from the school district in El Paso. Careless spending.
It’s an Independent school district which is a fancy way of saying it’s a school district made of all charter schools. Not one traditional public school in it. So no you won’t see this in most traditional public schools. That’s the point.
Are you trying to say that tax dollars don’t go to independent school districts?
Yes charter schools taking funding from taxes but also are funded by private institutions. They also run independently outside of normal U.S. country & state regulations, like independent districts. This particular district can tax whatever they deem is necessary.

I am just going to leave this here.
Doesn’t make any sense. How could the total costs have ever been $0?
The department of education came into existence in the late 70s.
Starve public education until it fails, declare its failure then use this as excuse to privatize. That’s what Betsy wants.
My understanding is teachers get paid through the whole year in another words even when school is out they are still getting paid is that correct.
We have an option in my district to take our yearly salary and divide it by 20 to get paid from Sep-June, or to divide by 24 and get paid Sept-June with our last check in June being a lump sum of the last 4 quotients. I don’t get summer pay. I work unpaid on curriculum in Jul/Aug
I got the answer to my question
Right-on Bernie!
Have you ever had one tweet that didn't involve taking money from me and expanding the government?  No....no you haven't.  #NotAFuckingMoneyTree
How do you feel about the $700000000000/year "defense" budget?
The exact same. I don’t do hypocrisy too well.
You ever post anything about it, or does fiscal conservatism only come up with programs that benefit the middle and lower classes?
All the time on my facebook.  I just decided to get active on Twitter in the past week.  You ever post about reducing the size of entitlements and social programs?
No, because those programs actually benefit the country and people pay into it when they work their whole lives. It's called an entitlement because we're entitled to it.
Correction:  They benefit some and harm others.
Maybe teachers could vote themselves a raise like congress does? Congress always finds money for themselves...
Nonsense! We keep funneling money to schools and it's just lost down an administrative black hole.
Investing in Public Education is like investing in OC.  Public Ed is nothing more than indoctrinated Day Care.  Private Education is the future.
Yep. Government is always a corrupt, inefficient, monopoly.
Reduce our bloated military budget and fund education and other programs for social good. #Bernie2020
"Knowledge makes a (person) unfit to be a slave."
Educating and becoming educated may very well be the greatest revolutionary acts/tools available.
Simple Republican tactics.. cut funding to public edu until it fails, then insist that privately owned and for-profit schools are the solution.

Shameful.
They're trying the same for the prison systems
An educated youth is the key to a better future.  Funding is one major aspect of creating that future.
FACTS R
1. You get big donations from Teachers Union 
2. US spends 2nd most amount of $$$ per student in the world
3. US rates 17 in education in the world
4. So by throwing more $$ at it will not fix the problem
5. U want everyone to be beholding to the gov
Well, while I’ll generally hear people out, this comment is outright unproductive and distracting. I’m not sure what your goal is,  but perhaps this wasn’t the platform to attempt it.
why is this not the platform to attempt it ?
Fair question. I don’t think this is the platform because it’s dismissive of a blatant issue for public schools. I think people should use articles and footnotes to back up claims as opposed to diminishing abpo not simply because it’s the opposing party.
*diminishing a point
fair point.
Thank you Senator. They keep slashing funding & expect us teachers to work miracles with larger classes & few supplies.
Such an informational video. I’m not American but my heart hurts for those students, as a fellow student. Trying to spread awareness and do my part as your neighbouring country
Money is not the issue
This country only cares about military funding. Schools and education are not a priority. As you can see President Trump never received the proper education, he can’t spell or read.
Complete BS.  Funding is not the problem, allocation of funds IS the problem.  Too many useless 6 figure administrators and insanely expensive buildings and sports complexes.
Are you talking about college? Because it sounds like you're talking about college lol.
The rural schools in my area definitely don't have nice sports complexes and are severely understaffed, so I have hard time believing their funds are all being sucked up by a few admins
That’s probably right.  Rural schools have fewer resources due to the fact that they are rural and have fewer students, fewer tax payers.  Fund allocation applies more to suburbs but those are usually the ones screaming the loudest about funding.
Fair enough. But fewer students should balance out w needing fewer resources. And yet these rural schools still don't have the funding they need which tells me that it's not all about wasted resources. Many schools are just simply underfunded. (Maybe  "robbed" by other districts)
Wrong again!  We spend more per student than most countries without results. Much like Medicine it is because of the explosion of bureaucracy and administrator to teacher ratios. I demand accountability for the money spent as opposed to justtnrowing more away.
You don't think an unnecessary middle man like a health insurance provider is part of that waste?
Keep 'em dumb, they'll vote Republican?
Isn’t #Philadelphia #realestate (rent, developers, apartment property managers, L&I, PFHC, etc.) nation’s most corrupt sector? What do you think @philly311 ?

#FlyEaglesFly #AMJoy #Eagles #insight #NFLDraft  #CPCNLC #Reiders #racist #racism #askkenny #IndependentBookstoreDay
And I'm betting those states are Republican run.  Could be Dem tho since both are the same party; don't want educated people they cannot control.
In AZ the problem has been the pro business Republican legislation. For the last ten years they have been focused on promoting business interests and reducing taxes without the realization that the needs of all the people includes schools that work at the least.
Education leads to knowledge
Knowledge leads to intelligence
Intelligence leads to independent thought
Independent thought leads to uncomfortable questions

No wonder this administration doesn't give a damn about education.
The entire K-12 system needs to be reworked especially with funding there isn't any really right now. Its so absurd because without teachers and schools our society cannot exist, and yet we've not treated them with that importance and it needs to end.
Dont compare US. and Finland. Finland is making copy of US. mistakes. Not long time we are collapsing.
Wait and you will see.
Please, don't glorify #Finland. You don't live here, pay taxes or hundreds of obligatory humbug fees for state.
Rubbish. You count as taxes people in USA have to pay separately, like their childrens' education, their health insurance, their pension plans, etc.
You live here in Finland? Just made a test. My tax rate is 71%. That's what I really pay taxes living here. What do I get? Just government propaganda to be a citizen in a fu*king happy country!
71% taxes??!! Are you sure?
He obviously calculates normal income taxes + pension fees + sote fees + VAT. 
VAT as if he were using all his income to VAT-taxed purposes.
Sounds complicated. Still I think that we in Finland are better of than in America. That is if you are low or middle class person making about 30 - 50k a year.
I make turn and Finland thinks that it's all my income. I hate my country. And the money goes to Helsinki.
I think you should try it out in America. It's the land of the Dreams! Streets are paved with gold. :)
That's because the wealthy and corporations must have their welfare tax breaks.  They should pay 60% on profits, and they would still make money.
We currently have more than four million homeless , no adequate education services or healthcare services to meet the needs of the populace!
If we were not giving Trump more money than he asked for, we might have money to spend to benefit the people.
I am honestly ashamed of the current level of support for education and healthcare services in a country that I fought to defend!
I am a proud Veteran of our military services!
I am disturbed by the lack of services for the people, and the military budget currently being spent,..
You’re a Senator, what do you plan to do about it?
Educated people make bad soldiers when the President is looking for cannon fodder.
I agree and feel very proud of our teachers in Arizona ! They are dedicated educators who care for our kids !
And Betsy Devos is the most incompetent and disgraceful “secretary of education” this country has ever known.
But they have the money to build more prisons or pay for private prison with promises to keep them 95% full.
Israel has free education free healthcare and subsidized housing we don't, should we stop funding Israelis whilst making us PALESTINIANS homeless ?

#SlavesOfIsrael
#MortgageCrisis  "affordable housing" vs "home buying" which is the AMERICAN DREAM is LOST to states & cities providing TAX CREDITS to developers. Less home ownership in America, less taxpayers to fund public works such as education, streets, infrastructure... Corps pay NO TAX.
It’s what morally and fiscally bankrupt capitalist societies do.
Which states are you referring to, Burn? Is Cali the worst one? 12% of the country’s population with 33% of the welfare recipients. I can’t imagine the schools are very well funded.
Stop educating illegal immigrants' children, and send them back to Central America. Cut school Administrator's salaries in half. Equal pay for all teachers Nationwide.
And yet the Department of Education has a budget of $68 billion & educates no one. That's almost $700,000 for every public school in the US.
Democrat solution to everything, throw more money at it.
Keep throwing money down the rat hole that is know as “teacher unions”
The economy is shit, and government helped the most in making it that way. Going to get worse before it gets better.
But lots of money for war!
This is why no conservatives should ever be in charge they don’t care who they step on to get money for the 1%
This is terrible. I am wondering do the states provide a complete breakdown of the budget for school funding of each school? If not l think it would be a good idea for the states to do this & each school district. Accountability for funding can be a good way to find solutions.
How come all you snowflales never state how much funding? Because it's like climate change, the Mueller investigation, the minimum wage farce, hussein Muslim lovers..bama care nightmare. IT'S ALL A HOAX, that snowflakes were taught  to love. GET PUT OF MOMMYS BASEMENT, GO TO WORK
Real education is dead We need to privatize education and get back to reading, writing and arithmetic instead of diversity, gender and politics
The kids are getting dumber I& dumber too for many reasons
I met the man who taught art in 1960 at the school where I now teach art. "The budget was great", he said. "$2.50 per child per year!  I know it doesn't sound like much, but that bought a lot of crayons in 1960" My budget is $1.65 (2018 dollars) per child per year. :(
I can't believe it has come to this. I have no children of my own, but I am still so sad about this. I grew up in a much better time
Hoping that this activism is the start of a turn around. I 'donate' hundreds a year but it goes for the most basic supplies. There's just so much they're missing :(
Let us see......Haven"t you guys been in the majority the last eight years???? Wow you are clueless !!!
No, 2011 Congress and the Senate went to the GOP and Dems only had the Presidency.
What happened the three years til then??? Bernie"s been in office for a while and just throws bombs----nothing more!!! Can I get "whoop,whoop"for the people of the state of Vermont!!!
Bernie has created many bills but they hardly ever see the floor because the Sen mjr leader is in control of what sees the floor. Also Bernie's bills do not affect Vermont but rather the country, the state Sen' s bills determine Vermont's policy.
Sorry,just not a Bernie fan,Seth!!! Just a loud mouth!!!
the schools that get money from fundraising don't funnel that into better teachers or equipment for students either.
at my school, fancy costumes for the choir students (poorly and cheaply made despite their price point) and the football team
were more important then discovering the symbolism of Edgar Allen Poe's black cat (instead of Raven for the eighth year in a
row) or actual CHEMISTRY EQUIPMENT FOR CHEMISTRY CLASS. My final years of school were spent doing boring book work that was
entirely unthrilling and incapable of holding the attention of students intellectually as opposed to merely teaching for the
sake of teaching. School should inspire and delight- not make students ignore their teachers for cause of boredom.
sports shouldn't be more important than engaging and exciting your student body. Just my thought
#Feeltheburn Andrew McGregor and @MaddowBlog
There is no money because the politicians waste it on other pet projects.
When you save from wrong place, don't save too much from wrong place. That is not sustainable.
How much is the gov spending to teach robots???
Here’s a tip — resources are scarce.  If you want more money for schools, stop suggesting giant new expenditures like make work jobs for everyone, free college, and Medicare for all.
We knew what the republicans thought about public education,  but I had no idea how much they resented poor children.
“An enlightened citizenry should abandon the superstitious worship of logic and the outmoded reliance on reason.”

Who said that?
Was it Bernie?
Or Dr Robert Stadler from Atlas Shrugged?
How much money did you guys piss off on common core?
Schools are Democrats, unions are Democrats....figure it out.
Yeah, and it's going to keep happening so long as our standard bearer (I'm point at you Sanders) continues to be distracted from the base problem - big money controls our elections.  That message must be at he heart of every tweet.  Sanders/Lessig 2020
Menos dinero para armas y mas dinero para educación.
un país que invierte en educación, a la larga sera un pais mas libre, invertir en armas, crea una sociedad violenta.
Seriously we pay high taxes for public schools you jerk
Republicans have Grover Quisling Norquist to carry their lies to the gullible.
Why not run the schools like the DMV?
They give the money to the administrators!!!
Don't think are problem in education is money it's students not being taught how to think but what to think. Besides that teacher unions keeping good teacher from getting better pay
Bernie thinks a lot of things are "outrageous", but, then, he is correct.
Instant socialism at the poor taxpayers expense.
And you are equating the value of money of yesterday to today, Bennie do you know you can't make a good President?
Pathetic! Things need to change ASAP! FOR OUR KID'S FUTURES! THIS ADMINISTRATION COULD CARE LESS ABOUT OUR CHILDREN!
We spend more per student than any of these countries. How about school districts stop squandering money on uneeded overhead and graft.
You can’t keep throwing money at education !  Students can opt out, grades haven’t improved.  It’s a much bigger issue.
We have a bigot crisis Bernie! The ADL is maligned by bigots who love Farrakhan. A major corporation caves to the bigotry and you and the Dems are silent. My vote goes to@the guy with a boot on his head
Yes that was Obama’s fault.... 2015 ding ding ding.... Trump will fix it!!
So true ! A disgrace
And who was in charge in 2015??
We have a crisis of waste in our public schools.  Way too much money goes to administration and not enough to teachers.  Get government out of our schools.  Publicly funded, privately run.
Yes, we do have a crisis. Those same schools refuse to consider or even try Beyond the Core methodology that has time and again taught 5 and 6 year old children how to successfully solve 4th grade math. Do you think after solving that I might not know how to save the budget too?
They should be privatized :)
Bernie, speaking of schools, how's your wife doing ?
THE KIDS FROM FLORIDA SHOULD REVAMP THE EDUCATION IN AMERICA THEY CAN PUT TOGETHER S PARAGRAPH  BETTER THAN THE PEOPLE W THE CHECK BOOK
THEY HAVE PLENT LOOK AT THE COUNTRY CLUB SCHOOLS AND THE DELAPIDATED ONES THE FOOD THE FACULTY THE BOOKS THE ATTITUDES TOWARDS THE CHILDREN CHILDREN!!!!!!!
I agree we have crisis.
They are indoctrinating not educating
You all must be so proud ....
I’ve felt all along gov’t misappropriated funds & find their way to politicians’ pockets!
Just how much money does the school system need. They don’t know. No amount is enough.
We have to invest in the future. That means our schools and our teachers.
By not properly funding Public Education, we will not retain good teachers or attract teachers, crime will go up, we will miss out on innovation that sparks new industries and jobs, our economy and society will suffer.

 VOTE in your Primary: http://voter.ly 
#1u
They are no longer schools.
The are radical leftist indoctrination centers.
A living wage is BS. We need a family wage NOW!
Yes really important that the average american NOT get a good education.  That is what is important to Trump and his swamp.  This is just one of the many things that Trumps kind of people do. Take away money for education, paying more taxes for his rich cronies the list goes on.
The high school I attended maybe closed due to funding crisis … PITIFUL

Yea, but we need to downsize corporate, because the grass is greener, healthier, and grows faster when you cut it. #antitrust
This administration doesn't care about education.
The US spends more money per student than most if not all countries. Yet, students in the US are behind in math and science. Obviously, this isn't a money issue. The issue is the teacher's union, preventing bad teachers from being fired, for instance.
If all these so called politicians, were to do their job we wouldn't have this problem! Also a lot of them are putting their hand's and the cookie jar! Bottom line most politicians are CROOKS!!!!#DONTBEFOOLED
Kill the rich, feed the poor!
Sad
#uk @EconClubNY I wrote a Blog that also features as an insert on my company website http://jenario.com  about Companies could play a meaningful role to fund children/students with a hope (not compulsory) they work with them in the Future more here
"An Orb is being designed to enable a #Dissertation to be Published to raise Money from Investors of the Orb. As the Orb Profits dividends are paid out to Shareholders part of the Revenue will be used to support younger #Education" Jehwo http://jenario.com  #WallStreet #uk
#finland help us help you. Invest in our `Education` Orb at $100 per Share. Note. An Orb = Central Independent Open Search Engine + Digital Ecosystem (Media) and has a Force-Field (`Pyschological DNA`) that records and builds-up. A futuristic intelligence http://jenario.com 
While taking away our $250 per year write-off.  This is the time to be able to double the amount to $500 not reduce it to 0.
What are the schools for if they don't teach real facts about money creation ?
Good they don’t need are money while they are teaching crap you believe
Republicans don’t give one iota about funding education because the more educated people become, the more liberal they become.They refuse to even consider that education might be fundamental to achieving the society they claim to desire. ironically because of their own ignorance.
Plenty of money was wasted by Trump cabinet appointees, on the first class tickets, chartered flights, new furniture, $43,000 wasted by the EPA leader.That is almost 3 years of my disability payments. If that says anything. I didn’t ask to be disabled, made a lot more working.
Yes, Bernie, everything is a "crisis" for which socialism is the only answer. Heard you the first 5000 times.
More funding is not the solution.

Sports programs should not be funded by the Education Budget, but rather the towns and cities the school districts reside in.

IPads and other tablets, should NOT be bought by the Education Budget.

We need real education, not costly extras.
This explains part of the problem. We spend more than any other country per student in the world all ready. Progressives answer? Throw more money at it. Here is what happens.

They have all their think tanks corporation think tanks, trillion dollars tax bonus drop 30million surf medical insurance all we get are http://lies.So  many ways to bleed us. Now we are fighting the Russians you.Are Republican friends are tearing us apart.Can we win .
You a real one
You always like to throw money at the problem, particularly when it’s other people’s money you are handing over to the gangster teachers unions.
Bernie, you are a charlatan.
The crisis is Indoctrinating children into progressive liberalism, gender training & nothing on free & independent thinking along with conflict resolution skills so they learn to deal with adversity.
Guess who was in power during that time.....it wasn't conservatives until 2015 so....
Was their an increase in private school funding ??? I hope bloody not
Are they red States that didn't accept Medicaid expansion from obamacare and that's why they don't have money for school then screw them.
Surely we owe the next generation all the knowledge we have amassed...
Bernie Sanders pushes for "socialized medicine" in America. He portrays it as a right of all people. Baby Alfie Evans, a 23-month-old British baby, proves socialized medicine doesn't give control to family, but bureaucrats who could care less about family. I Choose Life!
The states control the education of their students. Stay the F out of it you crazy bastard....
Numbers are inflated by Race to the Bottom.
What in God’s name is wrong with the people in charge of our country?  Education is everything.  Do we want a country full of idiots?  Our government is shameful.  We have plenty of money.  Use it!
Funding isn’t the problem.  #publicschools and #teacher unions fail to effectively and efficiently utilize its resources. Its a challenge that all Public #entities face and must deliver.
Slick Bernie why don’t you ask your crooked wife to give back the money she stole in the Vermont college land deal.
If those states have a problem with funding education, then the taxpayers IN THOSE STATES should fix it!!!
Agreed, but we also need to address the model we are using to educate the children and the government taking parents out of the process. Many don't see a value in a broken system, so our first task should be restoring the faith in the system. Then they'll happily fund it.
All the money goes to illegal aliens
That's because there's less money after recession then before Cocoa Puffs
Bet they were red states too. Those lawmakers go to private schools
The problem isn't in funding the schools the problem is in teacher pensions.... pensions in this country exceed the budget and every other element
That is fantastic news. Really, Bernie? What is your inflated salary again? I see some money in your wallet for schools if you care so much. Keep your hand out of mine.
Why is it outrageous? What about 2007 makes it the benchmark?
It certainly is the shits...
This is state and local issue that should be addressed by them and not the federal govt.
Hey Bernie, here is the dirty secret that school districts do not want to tell the public: Besides being very liberal, most of the money  meant for teachers ends up in the pockets of administrators!  So, the first step is demanding that the districts get their own house in order!
if you used the same system as in the 1950's they would have a money surplus.
Because kids are only our future & we've got to make sure the only ones qualified are the kids of million/billionaires. No average kids like the ones from Parkland should be edumicated enough to change their world for the better. #OURKidsAreOurFuture
How did your (Federal Budget) help the teachers over your 8 years in White House??
education needs to be democratized and nationalized.
The parish where I retired from is on the verge of insolvency & I may have to go back to work to pay for my own health insurance
We spend more money per student than anywhere in the world and we have crap results. Funding isn't the problem, it's allocation. We also have more non-teaching personnel per student than anywhere else. Oh, & the teachers union makes it impossible to fire bad teachers
No matter how much money you give to education , they still rank very low in the world  why is that Bernie?
The thing is the government doesn’t give a damn about us less teachers teaching less kids getting education people in the government are having a field day
The recession was in 2008.
Stop all the entitlement spending and giving yourself a raise every year.  sell some of your houses to pay for public schools in ur neigherborhood... oh wait! U live in “affluent” communities. 
Please don't raise my taxes to pay for inept government education system. If Americans care about great education they will seek other, way better non government schools.
But Trump, and the GOP think that the rich should get the money and the teachers can eat shit. We are getting to know by the money they want and what they will do to get it. The hell with the poor, "Let'em eat cake."
If it is "outrageous" (and it is), ...then why just the political rhetoric? 'Outrageous' (your word!) calls for more than talk talk talk - where is YOUR march on Washington? Where is your march on DeVos' nonsensical policy-making? Leadership needed.
Why is the liberal answer always to throw other people's money at a problem.
How about charging parents a head tax on each child to support the cost of education. Why should I have to pay for other people's kids?
Yes Bernie we have a public education crisis which is why we need to get rid of the public education system.
But spending more money has not worked.  The US spends more per student than all of the other developed countries.

Time to go the other way and pare back free education to the basics...which college students so often don't have as freshmen.
What’s outrageous is you, Democrats and your socialist buddies gave Iran $1.5 billion and illegal aliens all the money they need to do nothing and commit crimes on the very people you give them tax money!
Federal education is unconstitutional.
Don't look at me Bernie. I paid my property/school taxes. You should ask what was done with my money.
@ericolpp
You just want free stuff ! Why don’t you actually do some work for a change .
No. The government salaries are really bad
Bernie, have you ever offered up a realistic solution?  No you just make simplistic, emotional statements.
Political ploy to get dnc reps elected.
MR.SANDERS THE WHOLE AMERICAN SYSTEM IS IN NEED OF AN OVERHAUL.THE ONLY WAY FOR WHITE AMERICA TO EMPATHIZE WITH THE INEQUALITY OF NONWHITES IS TO SUFFER AS THEY SUFFER.THE DELAPIDATED NEIGHBORHOODS  SCHOOLS CRIME VIOLENCE POVERTY ETC IS WHAT NONWHITES HAVE SUFFERED 4 GENERATIONS.
Stop all funding
Sorry BERNIE, we do not, we do not have a FUNDING PROBLEM, we have a FEDERAL INTERFERENCE PROBLEM and TOTAL LACK OF STUDENT PERFORMANCE ACCOUNTABILITY PROBLEM—WE ARE THROWING CURRENT $$$$ to the wind in our PUBLIC EDUCATION SYSTEM—Look at the DATA,DUH
STICK IT UP YOUR CULO BERNIE BOY!
Those 29 States will have subpar schools. As time goes by deteriorating schools will cost them more and the kids will get poorer education. You get what you pay for. Look around, sidewalks, the Interstate, water systems, libraries etc, all paid for with taxes, good things.

Borrow money from DeVos
Why do you had America so much. Maybe you’d be happier in North Korea
probably because they are beholden to huge pensions...like clark county NV- every year since I moved here in 1978 we hear more money needed for 'schools' and children...give me a break!
@BetsyDeVosED   So Betsy what have YOU done about this situation?  Visited any of these schools yet?  Or like your boss you can give a rats a$$ about our PUBLIC Schools since you make more $ if they incure debt to people like you
Govt fails at everything.  Especially education.  #privatize
tegy. Are you an independent? Because you suggest more tax and spend, the core strategy of Democrats!
According to http://investopedia.com  Bern, in 2010 America spent $12,000 for every every elementary and middle schooler. What do we have to show for that investment Bern? Besides, I thought you were an independent. You appear to advocate a tax and spend policy, the hallmark stra
Balance the budget
We spend MORE per student than any other industrialized nation - something around 12K per kid. If the system can't pull its head out of its collective ass and improve the quality of schools then is a personnel problem, NOT a money or "rich guy" problem
84 million went to Clinton. Remember her? She’s the one you backed.
An uneducated public will not pursue complex legal and political remedies, although it might fool them and riot instead.
Outrageous why?  Who says spending has to go up and up with each passing year?  I disagree with you premise Bernie.  And I’m happy that Clinton and the DNC stole the nomination from you.
According to your own precious UN,  the United States spends more on education than the next 6 so-called Advanced nations in the world combined.  The problem isn't funding.  The problem is what they're not learning in our schools.
Legalize marijuana nationwide, and use the tax revenue to help fund education
no THEY WILL NOT. Until we get rid of the @DNC and @RNC nothing will change. Support non-corporate candidates or we are doomed.
Even Obama promised doing more for schools, but once more promises fell short of actions!
