Senator:  I assume you are talking about Americans harmed or cheated as a result of ObamaCare, since we are now paying much higher premiums and deductibles when we were promised savings.  All lies; but then typical from all you Socialists.  JM
Have YOU been ripped off, denied coverage, bankrupted by your insurer? If so, thank Obama and your Democrat Rep in D.C. 
No one Republican voted for ObamaCare. Not ONE!!
The rise of insurance prices slowed after the inception of the ACA. The GOP murdered all their credibility by fighting even the discussion of the notion of this stop-gap measure as if it proposed mandatory euthanasia of puppies.  https://www.forbes.com/sites/robbmandelbaum/2017/02/24/no-obamacare-hasnt-jacked-up-your-companys-insurance-rates/#6d6ecc7f3a01 …
For the most part, this article is pure trash. More people suffered from this dastardly so called health care plan than benefited. For proof, look no further than who was kicked to the curb in 2016 and who is now sitting in the Oval Office.
Most of us have been ripped off by insurance companies since Obamacare went into effect. Goverment intervention in healthcare insurance was one of the biggest scams this country has ever faced. Like most goverment ideas once it starts it will never end.
I don’t understand why my insurance carrier gets to pick my doctor (making me have to switch when my new job has different insurance) and also when my Dr. prescribed something and insurance says, “No.” I can get better based on what you want to pay for?
What about the countless doctors refusing to see Medicare and Medi-Cal patients because the reimbursement is too low and paperwork burden is too high? Are you going to force them to accept less and work more if everyone gets Medicare?

It's bad enough ppl have ailments & need medical attention but we get sicker due to being stressed out about EXCESSIVE & overblown financial strain &it's effects. It'll be a glorious day when everyone is offered #SinglePayer coverage.  #MedicareWorks #MedicareForAll #Medicare4All
I continually get ripped off from the Federal Gov and their overreach.  Does that count?
Whiny, coached delusions do not count for anything, unless you want the whole of your existence to sum up to a handful of selfish excuses when you die, alone, surrounded by your most important objects, and a handful of fellow humans that feel obligated to lie to your face.
What happenned to you Bernie? Whaever happened to the American Dream?

Ever since you f upped the insurance market, yes.
My father was granted 4wks of inpatient rehab based on his injuries and though he was still making progress at the end of week 4, he was denied additional rehab and was to be discharged home or nursing home. Can you fix #medicare
Bernie,
I thought you moved to Finland?
Or by the irs? Or donkeys endless taxation?
congress, does this to us every day.
Have you ever been prosperous, free, upwardly mobile, or empowered by socialism?  Share your story with Bernie. (In the unlikely event he gets one he will use it as proof that we should all give him our money so he can give make us all equally poor)
Universal govt healthcare is non American because it costs$400k,30 years&plenty of IQs to get an http://MD.No  MD will accept to govt hack for pennies.Our hospitals&advanced healthcare does Not fit universal healthcare.Our HC is the best.
That's not how it works. There are many different models of UHC.

Bernie's would be similar to now except instead of multiple pools between companies, it would be one pool we all pay into.

It would cut our costs in half and DRs would remain private.
Now we all pay to one pool;it is the government&all of us r covered by one payer that is the government:Medicare for 50M seniors,10M disable,23M govt hacks,5M tricare4veterans,50M kids on CHIP,others paid by employer&deducted as business expenses,20M welfare.
Single Payer Pledge: 
If the Candidate does not support #singlepayer, I will not vote for the Candidate.________________________________
And y'all wonder why we pay through the nose for health care, insurance, prescription drugs.... Lawyer chacing an ambulance, filling class action suits, a corrupted government full of lobbyists.  They are laughing and we are paying the bills
Don't blame ACA. The INSURANCE COMPANIES are ripping you off. You pay monthly and then deductibles so high you pay out of pocket for everything. They are making huge profits. ACA should have included very strict limits on the ins. co. deductibles. #medicare4all
I was ripped off by the Affordable Health Care Act that forced me to pay $17,000+ per year for insurance which is over 20% of my income!
We’re ripped of every time we pay our premium!
Burlington C?
Why don’t you ask Alfie Evans parents, about the great healthcare system in England you always like to talk about
They could highlight the 18 months of continuous professional treatment that has never been limited by cost and they never received a bill. This case is not about funding and it has never been raised. Instead of trying to progress an agenda, perhaps you'd like to read the facts.
Is a British court refusing to allow the parents to take him out of the hospital to get care elsewhere?. I believe this is called a death panel. Your emotions don’t override facts.
Nope. The facts are detailed in the court documents. Their wishes to take him are not in his best interests and would cause more pain and suffering. There is no alternate care or treatment anywhere in the world. Alfie is terminal. The NHS has given him the best possible care.
Parents wishing for him to live is not in his best interest. How stupid. You have no idea if there are alternative treatment until he is seen at alternative hospitals.
I have read the court documents which include the testimony from his currently doctors and also the Italians. No alternative treatment is possible or offered. Only artificial and possibly painful life support. Further suffering to no benefit is not in his best interests.
Again these doctors have no idea if there is alternative treatments beyond their knowledge. The term pioneering medical technology exists for a reason and should be the parents choice to seek, not govt. run healthcare.
You are clearly a bit slow. No doctor, anywhere in the world, is offering treatment to help or cure him. Even only to improve him by 1%. None. Anywhere. Some are offering to continue life support which could mean he suffers greatly but is technically alive. We could do that here.
Look into SS it’s been ripped off for decades   No transparency on where the money has gone you know Bernie you’ve been in Congress seen the funds moved over the years then Congress has the nerve to say it’s broke !!!!!!!
Hummmmmmmmm.  Who broke it Bernie ??????
Social security is broken because of the cap republicans put on paying into it. We know where the money goes
My step father, a very private man, suffered a small heart attack in CA December of 2016.  Total cost, including ambulance transport to a different hospital an hour away for a procedure after the heart attack, $275,000.  He wasn't clear with me how much insurance covered.
review all bills with  fine toothed comb.   any up-coding of charges  is ILLEGAL Ie: material "stitch/needles/ thread" to labor "laceration repair" charge and total bill might get thrown out to hide crime.  happened to me.  Otherwise, this might help for out of network charges
I pay several hundred dollars a month (on top of the gov't subsidy) to Cigna and still end up paying all my medical expenses out of my own pocket. After I reach the $6500 deductible, Cigna will pay a percentage of my medical expenses. This is ridiculous. We need Medicare for all.
Sounds like you’re getting a great deal. I mean, the people providing you care are among the most educated professionals in the world. The technology you have access to is state of the art. One way or the other someone pays the bill, why shouldn’t you contribute your fair share?
@UHC denied coverage for a pre-surgery doctor-requested bone scan as being "Not medically necessary" after the scan took place and billed me $4500. The medical facility eventually wrote it off after about 50 phone calls from me.
My healthcare is not accepted at the Hospital where they have HCM center.  Where they have the Doctors I need because I have HCM.  I could get different Obama care but the price is $300.00 a month more.  So no choice. Not affordable.  I understand the problem.  I owe all doctor.
good luck  this might help
We are filing Ch 13 in the next few weeks...........  we will never be able to catch up  ( we owe thousands of $$$) ..........We pay hundreds of $$$ per month for insurance we can't afford to use.......
Healthcare was fine until big gov got involved. We had good coverage under private insurers. If people weren't working, they went to a sliding scale clinic.

You know, those pesky pre-existing conditions. #Cancers #cancersucks

I have insurance through my job. However I cannot afford the copays. 53 yo diabetic, that so far has been untreated because I can't afford to no matter how hard I work
All 3.
I think the question is better asked: who hasn't experienced these things? 

Would also help to improve a patients "bill of rights":
Your method is not the answer #AlfiesArmy
This cheapest premium says it all. Ridiculous.
Yes all of the above.  My responsibility not yours.
Cue the whining
Yea.. I want free stuff bernie. Hook me up.
Here's a sample letter to protect oneself from the egregious out-of-network SURPRISE BALANCE BILLING currently plaguing narrow network private health insurance policyholders
I was ripped off by the @DNC
Not likely!
I've been ripped off by Democrats in Washington.
What about if you have been left down and abandoned by your Senator?
Bernie, I was ripped by Obamacare "coverage" with 400 monthly premium  basic coverage for 1(no pre-existing or surgery coverage) 1,500 dedc!
The City With the Most Expensive ACA Insurance in the U.S.
Paying for insurance is always a rip off
Wasn’t me, but I know this one kids that’s been sentenced to death by his insurance company despite his parents being able to afford other options, his name is Alfie
Yes...Thank You Democrats & Obama Care!
The real rip off artist are the Democrats and alk their fail policies. Tha biggest scam perpetrated on all the hard working American taxpayers was Obamacare.

Good luck!  Maybe this will help...
They concept of socialism is theft, what say you mr. Socialist.
The #ForProtfitHealthcareSystem in US has killed my mother!! Brigham and Women sent my mother to her death releasing her too soon to a non medical rehab...medical needs of the elders are not taken into consideration as the pull of profit out ways any common or moral sense!!!
A free market system will automatically check itself through competition. I do not want a complete Government controlled health care system that dictates who gets coverage, or if we get coverage. Look what happened in Britan where a baby was denied treatment by the Government.
Wrong! The government had nothing to do with the decision, in the U.K doctors and the courts are independent.
Just like you were ripped off
 by Hillary but still haven't spoken out about it.
No
The democrats passed Obama Care. I haven't had insurance since. Feeling the Bern
Says the guy who doesn't even have a basic understanding of economics
#dumbsocialist
The constitution does not guarantee good insurance. Stay out of our lives.
BERNIE2020
Insurance is one of the most highly regulated industries yet it is one of the biggest scams around. Hopefully, you now understand the true place of regulation. I don’t agree with you on much but Medicare for all may be the only way to undo the mess you all created.
My children and I currently don't have insurance I receive survivor benefits for my children.They quoted me $400 for catastrophic insurance a month. I can't afford $400 a month. I don't want insurance, I want my kids to have insurance. I want to be able to take them to the doctor
Yes. Once ObamaCare came into effect. My premium doubled w worse care. Dropped insurance.
why are you speaking in the third person?

Obamacare ripped me off the day u helped Obama pass it without Republican input? Death list in gov healthcare systems nect?
I had a CT scan a few years back for which my insurance said in the benefits package, should cost me $35.  I was billed for two scans, pelvic and abdominal.  They must have been done simultaneously as I was only scanned once, the bill?  Over $1400
Upcoding of charges is illegal.. i would compare medical record to all billing codes. Fight it!  You might get total refund.  I did!  Better yet, sue in small claims  for punitive damages if allowed..
Think you speak for your entire country there dude.
Yes I was ripped off. I knocked up 12 different women and never worked a day in my life. I deserve everything.
I have chosen not to go without in order to pay for insurance that is useless to me in reality. Such a ripoff in general. We need a different system this on isn’t working.
I'm ripped off by the government all the time.
Ever since Obamacare which you voted for Bernie my insurance rates have skyrocketed. Getting ripped off every day. I blame the government for interfering with the free market!  Competition will contain the costs.
Not until Obamacare came along.
I'd like 2 know how it is that u bcame a millionaire w 3 houses as a public servant? At age 40 u were an unemployed carpenter.
One of those three houses was from Crooked Hillary and the DNC for him taking the dive and letting Hillary steal the Democartic party Nomination.

Bernie Sanders is a FRAUD!!!!
You couldn’t ( or wouldn’t) protect yourself from being ‘ripped off’ by Hillary and DNC
Bernie Sanders IS SO BRILLIANT at what he does ------  he brings issues out of the cobwebs and shines a light on them
Still waiting for my $2,500 savings in my plan that covers less and charges more ever since you guys got your dirty hands on health care!!! PS I didn’t get to keep the doctor I liked either!!!






I went unDX d/t poor & limited medical care. I had a brain tumor but was told nothing was wrong. I am alive thanks to @NIH skills, TX, and funding. I am in great debt & a hurt credit score from dying. Still here.
Why don't you expose what these relative corporate execs are really making off the fodder???
Bernie u r a fraud
No, I live in Finland, where the state insures everyone from birth until death.
Yes just like prison.
My healthcare with prescription insurance is $90 a month that's $1080 a year for both . trouble is meds are really high they raised their price twice this year alone and now they tell you what to take .
Hey Bernie, stop watching daytime TV talk shows. You’re starting to sound like one of their advertisers.
We feel as though we were all ripped off by YOU! But you’ll never answer to that, will you Bernie?
I don't feel that way. He didn't rip us off, in fact he was pretty clear how this would go down the entire election and pushed back on the DNC until they adopted more of his platform.

He's going around the country bashing the DNC to this day. He's picking his battles.
He calls out on policy not party. He's been consistent for his long career.

You can find videos of him saying the same things and pointing out (correctly) what would happen otherwise.

He's still in the public eye and has a good chance for 2020.
Democraps totally destroyed the free market better insurance and healthcare system.  Could have been fixed not destroyed by democraps.
Why don't you want these stories from victims of our federal government?
Thanks to Obamacare our insurance now pays for all preventative dr visits. Our claims are not being denied as often and our copay is lower. Better coverage!
Our premium is double, but our coverage is much better. This is great for middle aged people that go to the doctor and have more health related issues as we age.
I’ve been denied. Let me know if you want my story. I’ve been unable to afford insurance for 2 years.
Will you be taking the opposite story to fit a true narrative?
Bernie Sanders cares so much about everyone he is the people's President!!! #Bernie2020

Who is overseeing the VA appeals process for claims?
Insurance rates and deductibles doubles and tripled because of the ACA.
Not by insurers I have not but I have been getting scammed by my government for the last 40 years. If you are so righteous please stop getting paid and deny your privileged  free benefits for life
Thank you Bernie! Your continued support of the 99% gives me hope
#OurRevolution #PoorPeoplesCampaign 
#DSA 
#GreenParty and
#PeoplesParty must join together to defeat the 1 Party System that is in place now
No, but every couple of weeks the government steals money out of my paycheck before I even get it. Can you please help us!?
#Medicare4All #MedicareForAll #Medicare #putpatientsfirst
Take a trip to your local VA and ask the veterans if they feel the government provides quality healthcare.
I have a little gift that I give to trolls like you:
[BLOCK]
Yes but only by corrupt politicians like you and the DEM REGIME
Nope, I live in Canada, we have laws against such things - not that they don't try here, but legistators are looking out for the average guy.
I was ripped off-- my country was stolen thanks to @SenSanders   

You gave us Trump
The difference between being ripped off by the socialists, ie: you et al, and a capitalistic business, is I can get redress of grievance from the business by suing. I won't get any from the you or the other socialists who will take everything, and give back nothing.
@Jayjay148674441 is you want to share your story with grampa Bernie?
I do, its been hard out here.  Trump ain't give us nothing but lower taxes and jobs
It sucks saving money on your taxes
You don't get nothing for it. No cell phone,  nothing
Yep.
We use to get everything.
Yes. I’ve had money stolen from the social security fund by DC bureaucrats. Now they even want to reclassify social security by calling it an entitlement. How much can you do to get the stolen money replaced and increase social security payments? Plz tell us what plan you have
Does 2008 financial crisis ring a bell?
The Government will never deny coverage in a single payer system.

Tel that to #AlfieEvans
Lol Bernie, But American people have been ripped off by you.
Yes. My insurance went up 400% thanks to your president Obama. Dictatorship never wins .  A lot of history proves that Bernie.
Blue Cross tried to charge me two $5000 maternity deductibles because I was pregnant in two calendar years.
Bernie. Using the phrase "ripped off". Guess there is stealing wrongly, and then there is stealing via Bernie taxes.
Have you ever been ripped off by Hillary Clinton and not had the balls to do anything about it... thancontact @sensanders.. he has too
The Obama / Democrat Ponzi ripped off millions of Americans, making companies cancel their first class coverage and forced to buy into y=the Ponzi. End it now!
Yes... Share all the ills of the world with Grandpa Bernie. We will use you story to trigger emotion & use it to fulfill an agenda that accomplishes nothing.

cool
How about getting denied healthcare because they don’t accept your insurance? Or maybe being denied healthcare because of an outstanding balance for an ambulance ride even though you didn’t ask for one, but you had just had a seizure so you didn’t really know what you were saying
Yes in the last 5 years my coverage costs tripled and my deductible went from $500 to $4000. Not very affordable because now I’m scared to use it
Wasn’t Obamacare supposed to correct this?
Cc: @cvillehlthcare
I was told "if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.  And if you like your plan, you can keep your plan." I was able to do neither.
Only after #Obamacare was forced onto us.
Bernie you were ripped off by the DNC! Have you sued..
Yes he was ripped off, and no one greater than he knows this, but being a man of his word, with great integrity, ridding on the Democrats ticket as a Democrat Socialist, kept his word. Yes, unlike the DNC, but yes he KNOWS so please let it go and move forward.
#AlfieEvans
And Bernie will do what? Promise the world and then sign on with the devil @HillaryClinton who played him?
I got RIP off  financial trouble all because of Obamacare that put my family and I into Obamapoverty
You're poor now because of Obamacare?
Meanwhile Bernie's wife rips off the tax payers.
"If you have a phone or a computer, you have a lawyer"
"If you have a phone or a computer, then you have a microphone that'll lead straight to the US Govt."
Bernie was ripped off by the crooked DNC
And he didn't publicly protest and expose the corruption. We all know he was punked by Hillary but he DIDN'T SPEAK UP.
The very concept of superdelegates is crooked as hell, too
There's a guy in a house on Pennsylvania Avenue, 1600 block. He's the worst neighbor ever, anything you can do?
NEGOTIATE WITH HIM!  Donald Trump already proposed 4 of the BEST reforms (and 3 awful of 7 total) to get us moving closer towards a single payer like more standardized system, but everyone is focusing on Pussy and Putin.
My government ripped me off by electing a moron, who’s gonna help with that?
FREE HEALTHCARE IN NORTH KOREA , BERNIE !!!
This feels a lot like an ambulance chaser billboard.
Call 555-555-5555 right now and the representatives at Dewey, Cheatem and Howe will be happy to assess your situation!
Call the Ghostbusters
