No, but telling him to make suicidal policies and believing Hamas an antisemitic BDS propaganda is anti-Israel.  The PA, and the BDS, does not support Isreal's right to exist.
Bernie, You're Drunk. Go Home, Change The Diper, Take Off Your Teeths And Go To Sleep. Don't Push Yourself Into Things You Don't Understand. Crancky Grandpa.
Why Are We Using All Caps Like We’re In Elementary School And Just Learned How To Type. Oh. I guess I answered my own question
Do you have something to say to the point, or you want to be just another twitter troll?
I was wondering the same thing
Israel existed for centuries without owning a country

Undoubtedly will continue to exist, with or without

We may lead by example, only He rules

Or it’s all just random

Either way, each adult human on the planet needs to be included equally in money creation

If you mean reactionary by going after terrorist who threaten Isreal's existence, a nation you absolutely & unequivocally support, then as a nation, Isreal has the right 2 defend its sovereignty as much as any nation in this world.
Don't know enough. Will learn.
Israel is nothing but psychopathic murderers.
They learned well from the Nazis
Then all of the Arabs must accept Isreal's right to exist.  Hamas must be destroyed and replaced by a liberal secular government in Gaza.  That is the only way Netanyahu can reasonably change his policies without inviting a second Holocaust.
No. I don’t like Bibi either. Chronically bashing Israel, absolving the Palestinians of blame, endorsing anti-Israel politicians and giving a voice to people who justify Palestinian terrorism and call Israel an apartheid state is what makes you anti-Israel.
The so-called  "Israel" is a robber racist gang of Zionists, occupying Palestine with  unconditional support of the so-called "US".
And, to advocate for a Palestinian Nation is advancing Israel's security. If they have a place to call their own they will be busy building a homeland, joining the family of Nations and hopefully be peaceful. They have no place on earth that's theirs. Senator make that a plank.
Be still and let POTUS work He knows what to do
Because those are GOOD PEOPLE lobbing missiles at you and demanding you go to 1967 borders that leave you militarily vulnerable to them.
"reactionary policies" implies he's a passive actor. He's not.
No it make you Communist/Socialist how about pointing out your favorite Communist State?
Both Palestine and Israel have a right to exist, but in this chapter of history, the Palestinians are the oppressed and marginalized, in large part thanks to U.S. aid to Israel.
To oppose the reactionary policies of Prime Minister Netanyahu does make you Pro Palestinians" 
You must be so proud .
BRGHTEST OWLS IN THIS WORLD
Thanks of agigantic size from we the American People. And our belief in the Constitution for the United States .


Too bad u can't put a dbl decker building on the entire area & then it can be occupied by both @ the same time.  I guess no one is gonna roll over like the Native Americans did or Mexico w/Texas or 1/2 the world w/England, France, Spain, the USA.  & not going to work itself out.
Bernie 100 percent right as always.
Yes, he is not a fool to tell the truth  in the US about Zionism
Question: is Netanyahu even an Israeli?
Free palestine!!!!
Agreed
"... ISRAEL's Right to Exist is not Deserved let alone Appreciated since they Openly commit "HUMAN WRONGS against HUMAN RIGHTS" and then U.S. Is implicit in Protecting, vis-a-vis These LAW BREAKERS (Whom turn NO's into YES, "DO IT then DENY IT") via U.N. Veto, APAC et al. SHAME!
Bernie wrong
Soraya salmasi
