1st picture: Protesters
3 other pictures: Gaza terrorists

As long as Bernie Sanders don't understand the difference, he will not be able to contribute to peace in the ME.
That third pics’ blown up insert doesn’t even match the ground. Good Lord.
It is an incident from the "protests", in fact a battle, of Hamas against the IDF on March 30, 2018.
Here is the video of the same incident, Hamas admitted his men were killed by a tank shell the same day:
Moments ago, IDF troops thwarted an infiltration attempt by three terrorists in the northern Gaza Strip. The terrorists approached the security fence and attempted to infiltrate Israeli territory. In response, IDF troops…
At least 80% of the Gazans killed were proven to be terrorists. Bernie Sanders called the terrorists: "Protesters", and criticized the fact they were shot (shot during the battle while trying to penetrate into Israel).

Proof (an intelligence report):
As for the "blown up insert", it is easy to see it's a picture taken by a soldier who stood at the Gazan side of the fence, when the IDF came to take the corpses and their guns.
I am fifty five and there really hasn't been peace ever since I have been alive. I say we take a page out of that old story and this time every woman  world wide stop having sex with her man.
Try by withdrawing your 'moderate' 'rebels', stop participating in terror
Uh. That’s what this organization supports.
More people like @SenSanders to restore Humanity 
#moron
Either you're stupid or you do not understand what's happening in Gaza, Netanyahu
He is the best leader, suggesting that you visit on Friday the border between Gaza and Israel.
Why should anybody listen to Sanders?  He has absolutely no skin in the game.  If anything goes wrong nothing happens to him or his family.
He's just an opportunist.
https://twitter.com/timand2037/status/986360849911578625?s=21 …
There was no chemical attack in #Douma. 13 health workers, including 8 doctors and 3 nurses, tell in detail what happened. The US-UK funded #WhiteHelmets staged the video. #Syria . Thank you al Ikhbariya TV. …
Yeah because the bullshit Sanders, Hildebeast, and Obummer shoveled a two years really worked out for the best
Have you suggested including each adult human on the planet equally in money creation?

That’s important

Correcting the foundational inequity of our global economic system will bring peace, stability, and justice, to the planet

..and I get my Share
How can you listen to him after he endorsed crooked Hillary?

We can't bring justice to anyone in the FBI or your buddy HILLARY You need to get off the podium and rest your neck
More troops or less troops. More money or no money. More talks or don't talk. It is like putting just one toy in class full of two year old, and tell them not to fight.
You could have been in the WH, had it not been for the conspiracy of your own party to favor Hillary.
I have to say this first distance of advancement of the fact that I'm running for president of the United States in 2020 the world leaders need to hold off Mama's coming mama can fix this...

Really? Name one (1) thing J Street has acoomplished. Besides badmouthing Israel that is.
The only thing these far eastern countries understand is strength. We must support Israel so Jew haters don’t attack.
States ; Saudi Arabia is , was a great problem , but the new Ruler seems more flexible , but no attempt have been made ; and We , once more , must guarantee the safety of Israel and in turn Israel MUST CO-ORDINATE HER FOREIGN POLICY WITH HER ALLIES , NOT JUST THE U.S.  thougts..
continuing... two reflecting the two religions and the other the Kurdish , with legislation , powers , ect as We have in N. Am ; in Gaza we should had granted statehood with canada guaranteeing peace with a strong armed contingent , like in Cyprus ; the division in Provinces/
I wish to offer some ideas for peace in the Middle east . We ( and I mean Us Canadians ) lost the bus on Iraq , which could had become the perfect prototype of a new policy leading to peace .The Country could had been divided in THREE Provinces ( States in the U.S. )
There's nothing wrong with the one we have now two of the three situations you mentioned are equal to eachother and serve the same purpose as the other and the one alone with the few who are merely sympathizers of the organization make positive sacrifices to protect the people.
Social status of equality keeps us from decriminalization and continued racism, but one of the other two situations is utilized by the other and infiltrate everyone else's situation in order to cause confusion and mislead the people. Know that when people start to take advantage
What about in the good Ole u.s.a.? President Lincoln made up the ? Amendment when he freed the slaves-that they could not own property. Now we got president trump with his executive orders without voting of congress. Look before leaping sir.
Sanders should help convince us that he is a true liberal by supporting BDS and becoming an outspoken critic of Israeli racism. If he doesn't he is as much of a fraud as Trump was during his campaign.
SENATOR THIS IS HOW THE MAFIA AND HAMAS CONTROLS PEOPLE WITH MONEY! DO AN INVESTIGATION YOU WILL KNOW THE THRUTH! PEOPLE FOR MONEY WILL DO ANYTHING!
#!
