“One person is not the problem. It’s the narrative. We have to change the narrative.”—Rev. Barber
“My life would not be what it was without the inspiration of Dr. King.” - @SenSanders
Rev. Barber said the Stormy Daniels story has been overhyped in the media: “The most pornographic thing that has happened in America is the illicit relationship beteeen the Supreme Court and big business.” —Rev. Barber
”I don’t know what Russia did, but I do know what racist voter suppression did.” — Rev. Barber
“I gain optimism by simply meeting extraordinary people who are prepared to stand up for justice.” — @SenSanders
Question is about the students who disrupted President Price’s speech: “Jesus was a disruptor.” - Rev. Barber
“Great moments in American history are all about disruption.” - @SenSanders in reference to the students who disrupted President Price’s speech Saturday.
Here’s what the question was about:
“Harriet Tubman got 500 people out of slavery... she didn’t have a cell phone, she didn’t have Twitter, she didn’t have email.” - Rev. Barber “People have overcome worse with less.”
Sanders said he intentionally campaigned in areas of the country people rarely go. “You gotta go to where the people are. You gotta hear their pain and you’ve gotta bring them into the political process.” @SenSanders
Barber says people vote when they see themselves in the issues. “If you want to motivate poor people, you have to say the word poor.”
The question is about how disability rights, undocumented people, Puerto Ricans and gun violence issues in the movement. Rev. Barber: “If [opponents] are sinful enough to be together, we must be courageous enough and smart enough to come together.”
“The worst thing that Trump is attempting to do is trying to divide us up” - @SenSanders “We are not going back to bigotry...that has got to be our message.”
What is something the media gets wrong about you? Sanders responds by noting the media often focuses on events in Washington rather than the “pain of the people.”
"Every progressive policy today that we hold dear was seen as impossible..." —Rev. Barber.
The crowd is giving both Sanders and Barber a standing ovation as the talk concludes. Be sure to check out our story about the event in @DukeChronicle tomorrow.
You know what’s really immoral?  Stealing what others have earned, or their families have earned, and redistributing it where you see fit.
Do you you know what’s even more immoral?...being exploited and then defending the very people who are exploiting you.  Those people didn’t earn crap, they exploited people and stole their labor with low wages.
if you’ve ever had a job, you haven’t been exploited because you agreed to work for the wage which your employer offerrrd.   Also, because I spend more time working than complaining, I’m fast tracked to be a top 5% wage-earner before I’m 26, so I’m doing fine.
It all about you.
When it comes to my money, you’re damn right it is.   Also, which is more selfish (a) wanting to keep the money you earn or (b) wanting to take other people’s money because you want more?
What’s selfish is greedy people thinking that by exploiting the labor of others, they somehow earned their own  money. They should try earning their money all by themselves...oh that’s right, they can’t, they need people to do the work.
This is so stupid it's unbelievable
Before I got an advanced education & developed skills that made my labor valuable, I shoveled asphalt in a quarry. I wasn't exploited by my employers, to the contrary, they paid me an amount of money I was willing to accept to work for them 1/2
It turns out that any idiot can rocks with a shovel, but not that any idiot can build a company that employs hundreds of people.  

There's not an equivalency of economic value generated between blue-collar workers and the folks who run blue-collar businesses.
Gates and Buffett are doing wonderful things with their wealth, but greedy socialists want corrupt politicians to steal their money and waste it on ever more failed government.
Greedy socialists? You clearly don't know what socialist means. Capitalist are greedy. Oligarchs are power hungry. But not socialists. According to the far right socialists want to take money from the rich and give it to the lazy takers.
Actually capitalists earn their money through service to others in voluntary exchange. Socialists get free stuff through government theft.
You equate the economy to both morals and justice.Yet, abortion, the killing of the unborn, has done more injustice to innocent babies. These babies are supposed to be our future. A future we are killing.
These babies, if allowed to come into the world, could grow up to be doctors, engineers, educators, and even will become consumers. But all life must be respected and allowed to come into this world. That's our hope and our future.
This may come as a shock to you, but just because a woman has sex with you doesn’t mean she wants to have your baby. If men are so concerned about abortion, then why don’t all of you take the male birth control pill or wear condoms? Take responsibility!
When God created male and female, blessed them, called them good, gave them stewardship over all of nature, and commanded them to be fruitful and multiply. Abiding in God is loving God & taking responsibility. Political correctness is one washing their hands of responsibility.
Oh, the magical entity defense, my, my. You know what they say...right? That one man’s delusional is called mental illness, but a group of delusional people is called religion. So, in other words you take no responsibility for your actions, got it.
I will pray for you. There is nothing delusional about God's love & mercy. Love & mercy are two virtues that do not exist in politics.
Why don’t you pray for less greed. Oh, just forget it. Millions in the USA and around the world prayed that Trump would not be elected....see what I mean about being delusional.
I can not believe anyone still believes in Trickle Down Economics!
The bottom half? Hell from from I understand the top 1% own more than 99%
You have no business concerning yourself with what ANY other American owns or does not own. To suggest you can force success on someone by diminishing it for someone else is a fraud on its face. Such is liberalism; the greatest fraud ever perpetrated against mankind.
We are part of a society where all our actions effect one another.  We don't all live in little bubbles.  If you have germs, I catch what you have.  

If you are comfortable having people die in the streets, then Trickle Down is for you!
Ya spread the fuckin wealth! Nobody needs that much money anyway it makes them & especially the descendants of the Rich powerful families weak Bitches https://paypal.me/pools/c/80Y4jkmHuS …
Bernie do u have any understanding of economics I know u like communism but cmon man

Btw, a socialist has no leg to stand on when talking about morality.  Fact.
Uh, I don't think that word means what you think it means. Well really that could be said about two of those words; socialist and fact.
Do a brief fact check of socialism and pls, tell me where morality is.
Yeah... First, you have to define morality and that's actually surprisingly difficult. Second, a socialist would likely call you as a capitalist the one who lacks morals. Arguments can be made for both sides. Third, Sanders isn't a full-on socialist, he's a democratic socialist.
Yeah....Vlad Lenin coined the term "democratic socialist", so maybe that term isn't what you think it means.  Or maybe it is.
In the context of current political science and the distinctions it makes, it means exactly what I think it means. Lenin may have used the term but in this context it's irrelevant. Every political, religious and moral system has been used by evil people to justify their evil.
What wealth? It is Fiat. Plus do the math, if you gave everyone equal wealth would it buy the same ultility? Also,not all are equal in this world being some people don't put equal effort. So a Surgeon working 14hrs a day and decade of schooling=burger flipper that skipped school?
Agreed
I could surely use some money but I wouldn't expect someone to give it to me that had a lot of money because I didn't make enough it doesn't make sense to me
Not even pay you a living wage?  You don't care if you can't afford medication which might save your life?  You don't care if you are homeless even though you work full time?
So someone should work really hard their whole life and make a ton of money and then they should give it to somebody else because they didn't have a way to make money or I don't get it
So someone should take advantage of tax incentives and societal infrastructure (roads, bridges, utilities, schools) to create their business, and then re-write tax codes so that they don't have to support infrastructure for the next guy?
You sound just like that jerk off Obama the roads and infrastructure was built by people like my father paid for with taxes with people like my father and myself everybody pays taxes some pay more than others why don't you talk about the 49% that don't pay any tax at all
Glad you believe in taxation?

Who do you feel should be taxed more?

Adam. Bernie and his family have no morals.  He is a millionaire and has only had a government job. (How does that happen?) His wife caused an institute of higher learning to close.

You just describe Bernie perfectly.  He talks about rich and poor. He has 3 houses. He is a millionaire. How do you become that rich being a career politician?  Because he is a fraud.  Will say anything to get reelected.  WAKE UP!
So glad you care about income/wealth disparity and you want to see politicians represent people instead of corporations.  

If that's your concern, then I am certain you will vote for the candidate who makes that the center of their platform.
You are 100% correct.  That is why I voted for the current POTUS.  My 401k and stocks have sky rocketed.  Paid off my house early. Got to love it.  Didn't bernie say that he liked the Venezuela way of government. I don't think they like it much down there.
You are an anomoly in today's economy, where we have 50 million poor, and where 40% of homeless people work full time. 

But as long as YOU are doing well, who cares about anyone else, right?  You are the only person who matters.
What part of the country do you live in?!?  I would move if your life sucks that bad.  And to show your ignorance, A snow flake award?!?!  For me?!?!  I don't think so. Go to your safe place and leave working people alone. I need to make money so bernie can waste it.
BERNIE 2020
Wealth is being outsourced, there's no 'trickle down'
Yea we get it. You hate freedom and success
No we hate poverty and people dying in the streets.
Capitalism has brought more people out of poverty than any other system. By world standards, even the poorest in the US are much better off than most
We have fifty million poor in this country.   40% of homeless people work full time.  Tell them about how great capitalism is.
Define poor. Anyone with food and a roof over their head are not poor by world's standards. And most homeless people are in overpriced, liberal, Democrat run cities. So good luck with that
I'll defer to the UN.
A Resource Based/Natural Law Economy would be much more moral than capitalism with its destructive structural flaws. Here's a lecture that explains more:
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=K9FDIne7M9o …
Book that expands on the lecture:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/s/ref=nb_sb_ss_i_0_7?k=new+human+rights+movement&sprefix=new+hum&crid=16IGFUSDLC639 …
the problem in this world is that people can be easily swayed by the belief that they obtain what others have. Reality is that we don't need what others have. We have Each other! my life would not be the same if I did not have my family or my love of my life. These are Morals
Yes we have each other, and we show that caring through taxation and infrastructure so that we can take care of each other, rather than leaving our elderly, or infirm, our disabled, and our young to starve in the streets.
What you're not doing, is focusing on campaign finance reform which is at the heart of these problems.
Better that than govt being those rich people exerting total control over citizens. Yeah, thats Socialism and Marxism. Makes all the minions equal....equally poor.
Bernie sander is a millionaire so how is you think he is not part of the so called 1%
Bernie has a $600,000 beach house I don’t see him living a two bedroom house like the rest of us #moregovernmetisnotheanswer
You pretend to pay us, and we pretend to work.

Thinking! When did I hear that before?

Note: Bernie will still have his 3 mansions and his wife can still commit as much bank fraud as she wishes!
A lot of Liberals are rich.  There's no law against them opening their wallets to help people.
There are a lot of rich liberals out there like Bernie Sanders.  So what's stopping them from pulling out their wallet and equaling the playing field? There's no law against it. If they really gave a shyte let them put their money where their mouth is.
Also: Karl Marx at Moscow.
Who? Nancy Pelosi?

The antidote to poverty is capitalism.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n6ivGgb9RY&t=45s …
Like Bernie’s multi millions, homes, cars & his wife’s bank fraud evicting disabled residents
"hey bernie, give it to me bernie!  i ain't heard it.    hey, you — where's your truth gone?"  https://unitedresistance911.wordpress.com/nanothermite/  
#followthefacts #followthemoney #911liesmatter
When i talk abt morality, i don't punish healthy people to fund refugees. Taxing married people more (marriage tax) is also not moral. @DNC democrats immorality is hurting the middle class. 8 yrs of @BarackObama was'nt enough to tax the rich? My dog has more moral than democrats.
Looks like it was an inspiring event
That’s perfectly said!  Now Bernie and friends give up their $ to the bottom and help them!?
This is jealously and envy of the successful people in this country.
What to do, what to do, what to do?
Bernie is a communist...socialism doesn't work and won't work in a country the size of America. Stop preaching this crap before others think it would work. You and your kids will be very disappointed if this country was socialist.
Only 3
You have no credibility when you speak of morality or justice Speak of what you know CORRUPTION, PROPAGANDA AND IGNORANCE
TRUMP!
Time will show over and over again that we care so much that we even let others who don't believe the same way we do,  a chance to govern. However our fathers have built protections into our system. HENCE MIDTERMS! So VOTE> MAKE SURE WE TAKE BACK WHAT IS OURS!
that hold us together and keep us safe. This is not something you can obtain from money. You can not Purchase Morals! This is something you need to be taught and brought up with. Trump had no role models that had morals. So how could he know what they are? He can't and Dont!
I think that clearly shows that we don't have a moral economy.  Thanks in part to our immoral President and Congressional GOP who support th
So your moral idea is to take their property and give it to others. Let's start with you and jail time Jane.

And @SenSanders is a proved fool.  Bless his heart.
Thanks for the play by play!
GM God,  what a night. Damn I wanna rock right now...
