Breaking--In a major win for labor, flight attendants at JetBlue have voted 2,661 to 1,387 to join the Transport Workers Union.  

https://www.forbes.com/sites/tedreed/2018/04/17/jetblue-flight-attendants-vote-to-join-transport-workers-union/#59c2fa102464 …
Labor Unions are mafias
What have Unions done to help the working class? Price fix wages, oppress women, hide through forced arbitration. Ask our teachers.
You want to just bankrupt your bank's.. business done on loans..
It’s called usury.
You stupid shit.
Great now prices will go up and service goes down - great move!
I love JetBlue, especially the SEA to LGB route. Lots of room,snacks and drinks.  Always friendly ( mostly ) and watch Ch  13...  CONGRATULATIONS @JetBlue  #airfare  #flights  #travel
Still I am pro-union because labor protections in this country are a complete joke. One of the first things that the @AFLCIO needs focus on is at-will employment laws. How can there be "loyalty" if an employer can let you go at the drop of a hat for no given reason?
But really this garbage began with the deregulation of the airlines in the 70s, and no amount of fake labor organizing or CHAOS (looking at you @afa_cwa) will change that. The airline business simply needs to be regulated again, it will make things the way they should be.
@afa_cwa  is the reason why I am not as gung-ho union as I would otherwise be. They failed both my mother and my family when it mattered most. Even  though this is through the transport workers union, color me skeptical if this would make a difference in the airline business.
It may be shocking to hear coming from a Democratic Socialist like myself, but I have real issues with flight attendant unions. @afa_cwa is a sorry excuse for a labor union and failed to protect my mom's pension when USAirways filed for bankruptcy in the early 2000s.

Um.. what?
Those 1,387 dissenters are fucked but hey whatchagonnado
Unions are evil.
Huh? Wait a tick, I thought you were left? Unions are pretty universally known to be a left wing cause. Like it’s not even debated. Republicans don’t even shy away from their opposition to unionization. Look at the string of anti union state laws from GOP controlled Wisconsin.
I believe in unions for government jobs.  Not private companies.
So then, not ALL unions are evil? Even though they all essentially do the same thing? Advocate for better work conditions for the average laborer.
Yea.  Back in the 20s.  We have osha now. And other federal agencies.
OSHA doesn’t negotiate fair wages. There’s no agency for protecting job security or fair labor practices, you know? So, I don’t really see how unions are evil. I’ve yet to see anything evil from my union.
Shouldn’t an employer offer a wage. And if you like it you take it.  If not. You don’t.   If they don’t offer good wages. Their companies will suffer. Is called the free market.
Bernie is happy hard working people are now paying union dues that means more money in the Demacrats pocket. Stupid is as stupid,is.
Guess a trip to the bathroom on a JetBlue flight will cost me $100 now.
I know Vegas Unions & who/how they benefited so don't get how n today's mkt they would benefit a Gov. Party.  They benefit people paid a fair wage.  Co.'s can afford American Workers @ livable salaries.  They can't afford greedy CEO & Boards.  There is no company w/o the workers.
Fly JetBlue!
Breaking - ticket prices on JetBlue are going up.
Congrats
Uncle  Bernie in general the labor movement in this country is corrupt  and politically motivated to democratic politicians  quid pro quo
They just wrote the death sentence for JetBlue.
Aaaaaaaand there goes customer service at @JetBlue
Aren’t unions big contributors to your party? But these ones are okay right? Right?
Unions won , consumers lost. Higher fares doesn't mean a win for their customers.
Now nurses at a famous teaching hospital in Baltimore need to
Really?  In today's society labor unions have outlived their purpose except for very few trades and occupational skills.  How will the union help the rank and file of Jet Blue?
I’ll just leave this here...  Milton Friedman - The Real World Effects Of Unions https://youtu.be/xzYgiOC9cj4  via @YouTube
Unions r dead n so is your career Bernie
I’m sure they will all donate to your socialist cause. Capitalism works
They will be laying off workers Bernie .
Wait till those prices go up 
Congratulations to taxpayers who will have to bail them out when they file for bankruptcy
BOYCOTT JET BLUE
Inflight crewmember here. I voted yes after sitting on the fence for a while. I hope I made the right decision
Commie
I guess freedom of association is of no concern...
What do you know about Unions. You never had a REAL job. Please post your resume for all to see what you have not done
So what? You can have an opinion on abortion without being a woman, can you?
Unions are the problem not the solution

Well you should know.

@greenhousenyt @tedreed @JetBlue @FlyerTalk will ticket prices rise?
If it does... start a union at ur workplace so u can afford it ;)
Lmfao. Then when those prices rise, pass the buck down to another person. Then when inflation kills our economy, blame yourself.
That already happened in 2008 & had nothing to do w starting unions, did U forget? ;)
...I care about ppls paychecks not u having to pay a little more to go on vacation ;)
Do you know what inflation is? 

If we make things cost more, we have to pay people more so they can afford them, if we have to pay people more, the costs of goods and services go up, causing them to be just as expensive before, but making the USD worth less.
Yes I understand inflation coupled w stagnant wages... Been happening for the LAST 30 yrs!!! Where u been?
So you still don’t see how your idea of passing the cost down the line will lead to inflation and overall worse economic conditions for the people you claim to want to help?
Bad 'job creators' pass the cost of their labor down the line to everyone... They don't pay enough taxes & their workers r on 'welfare'

Economy has been sh*t bc middle class money is 100% IN THE ACTIVE ECONOMY! When those ppl r broke what happens???
Your going to complain when JetBlue prices go up. JetBlue has did a great job flying Law Enforcement for free when there is a funeral of a fellow officer. But you never cared about that did you7 Bernie
Then you should care about the workers that jetblue employs! The ones who take care of the family members of those funerals during flight.
Nice
Thanks Bernie!! They were all praying it wouldn’t turn out to be another November 2016!!!! #TWU #OurTimeIsNow #FinallyHaveASeatAtTheTable!
Can travelers join a union to be provided with decent airlines?
Union... AKA the mob
Thank you @SenSanders ! We are over the moon!
Unions are a cancer... Say goodbye to affordable fares...
Those said goodbye once corporations became people...
Now it’s the pilots turn
Our pilots already voted their union in.
Nice! 
Power to the people!  If corporations treated workers equitably, they might not need labor unions. But since corporations put CEOs & profit ahead of workers, unions will always be needed in the USA.  We could use a little bit of Social Democracy right now eh?
If it wasn't for the Unions in this country there would be no country as we know it now.We may very well be some other form of http://Democracy.One  that does not mandate safety regulations Or hourerly rates with over time and http://pensions.GOP  has stopped Unions....
#LaborUnion pride
you have it backwards. without labor and working ppl there would be no jetblue um ass clown
From a Bernie staffer. No -B in the tweet. But it’s ok. Just sit back Senator. How many houses do you have again?
Yay! Higher prices to travel on JetBlue. The working man wins when he works and loses when he travels!
More people need to join Union s it would help workers over all the ones that  are and the ones that are not and it would help the Country as well
So we lose JetBlue. One less airline. Increased airfares. It's why a few airlines monopolize the industry. Short term 'good' for JetBlue employees, longterm 'bad' for them and the country.
Which is why industry regulations are so important, but the airlines, like all other massive corporations from other industries, own our elected officials.
It used to be that customers regulated industry. "The real bosses [under capitalism] are the consumers. They, by their buying and by their abstention from buying, decide who should own the capital and run the plants."
You are correct, it used to be, until corporations legally became people. Do you really think billions are spent on corporate lobbying of elected officials for the betterment of consumers? #EndCitizensUnited
Yes! "Myth #8" "Never in the history of our country have corporations, Wall Street financiers, bond holders, and other large capitalists, as a class or interest, favored a policy of economic liberty and nonintervention by government." https://mises.org/library/ten-recurring-economic-fallacies-1774%E2%80%932004 …
Pharmaceutical companies and fossil fuel companies are doing this right now. And the cigarette companies, they were built on deceit and industry control through lobbying.
Not to mention the 'green lobby'. "Mercantilism', the very thing the War for Independence and the constitution was trying to defeat. Gov't is meant to protect the economy, not run it. ('Follow the money.')
Actually, the TWU sucks.
Ok libertarian247
And a defeat for American consumers.
Anyways unions aren’t needed like they once were, like back in the time of Jimmy Hoffa. They are a money racket this day and age! And the Democrats/liberal are the ones benefiting from all the monies, why do you think they want them so badly?
Beg to differ.  One of the main reasons why wages are largely stagnant
There goes the service level on Jet Blue...
BERNIE...I'M SURE YOU WILL
       EMBARK ON A MISSION TO
       ENSURE FREE FLIGHT FOR
      EVERYONE AND ALL OF THE
     WORLD....NULLIFYING THE
       GAINS OF THE UNION.
“Labor movement” = Communism in America 

Corrupt

#Drivethemout
#Qanon
#TheGreatAwakening
Wait until they have to start paying union dues...those that work at a union place of employment and don’t join still receive all of the same pay benefits as union members! I know b/c I worked for a union before. No need for a union in a right to work state.
Why? I never said I didn’t pay! I said I know for a fact that others didn’t pay&received the same benefits as those of us that did pay. So excuse me for stating a fact and don’t call me names! I was a single mom&still pd, but don’t think I wasn’t angry with the facts!!!
If it doesnt apply to you then dont take offense to it.
Now jet blue will fail. They will be priced out of of the market.
hypothetically if they make 10 money each year, and pay all of their employees 2 money, and expenses are 3, then they're still making 5 of pure profit. Raising the employee pay to 3 or 4 wouldn't change that. They want you to think they're barely scraping by but we're not idiots
Your argument is weak. The numbers are wildly off target. I suppose it’s true what they say, 67% of all statistics are made up on the spot.
Yah but Bernie, it also represents a disconnect between the workers and management. An end to honesty. And the birth of micromanagement.
Unions are too much like Cold War communists. Knowing everyone's business ...
They conspire against their employers. And reward negligence and laziness. They're the worst on new hires, green with enthusiasm. That according to every union in the land is a displaced enthusiasm.
They transform profit into welfare.
This is very bad news for JetBlue.
Any chance you could get @GoldmanSachs into a Union !
@SenSanders We should all have unions. Even teachers, should be represented in the workforce. As well as fast food workers, and, people who work security.
hopefully gordon gekko doesn’t get involved ala bluestar airlines!
The real Gordon Gekko lauds Bernie's economic proposals
Communists.

Be Famous, Be secure, Be Rich Forever, Be a member of the Illuminati today and change your life forever. #MillionDollarDreamz #SignMe.
JetBlue tickets just skyrocketed.
it’s almost like the govt should have price controls on these shitty corporations
Yes. Government controlled economies are so successful
doesn’t have to be completely govt controlled. also China is the fastest growing economy this century
Batty Bernie, now they donate to demorats, thru the union. Thats All you care about. Now go change that shitty diaper
Keep trying that same “joke” over and over again dips hit, sooner or later you’ll get some likes on it i bet
When you are in your mother's basement, snowflake, you'd notice that. But the truth is YOUR THE JOKE
Aw no need to have a temper tantrum lil babby.
Oh I'm not, ypu demorats never make any sense. But you love hand outs, gimme gimme.
nothing to congratulate in this.
Keep pandering, Bernie.
Yeah.. now not only will they have some of their earnings stolen from them by government but also by a union. At least they can leave the union job, if they choose to. Doomed to deal with government theft.
Strange you don’t talk about the value of their labor being stolen by their employer, by far the largest portion of the pie that they do not see.
They're not compensated for their labor?
They are compensated what their boss sees fit. Obviously though, their labor value must be more than they get paid, else there would be no profit for the company. This discrepancy takes far more of their earnings than union dues or taxes.
Right.. without profit, companies don't stay in business. They pay scale may be reasonable, it may not be. Maybe that particular company can afford to pay more, maybe it can't. If not, they're free to go to a better paying company. Yay free market.
Or, hear me out, the workers themselves control the company, and receive the value of the labor. We (theoretically) have a democratic government, why not a democratic economy?
Socialism doesn't work. There is a wealth of failed examples. And no, we have a constitutional republic.
We have a constitutional republic, not a direct democracy, you are correct. However, we do vote for representatives in government and indirectly for a president, which are democratic features.
Apparently 25% of the employees voted against their own interests, they must be #MAGATS
Check your math mate.
It's worse than I thought, 34%
Why would it be against their own interests do you know their situation maybe it didn't benefit them to do so
UK as UK is screwed because you got rid of the unions.  jobs are unionised in dk. Why the poorest get 24 dollar an hour, free healthcare, uni and 800 dollars a mth while studying. Cheap day care, rents too for poor. . #RegulationsForThePeople


@SenSanders I look forward to the day when #MedicareForAll #LivingWage #CleanWaterForAll #CleanEnergy and much more is a reality as well. #Bernie
Kiss your cheap fares bye bye.
And if you own the stock
Kiss your upside goodbye too.
When will you dumbfukks learn socialism is a failure 
ALWAYS was always will be.
No send this old shmuck ANOTHER 4.32$.he needs another beach house suckers
The dumb socialist speaks again. Has this guy ever had a real job?
yeah because unions are so successful. See Detroit as an example. Unions are like the Federal govt, theft by coercion.
The Supreme Court ruled that unions must protect those who do not provide dues, and that unions can not force people to pay dues. Try again.
Only in "Right to work" states.
And congratulations to David Caruso on his new solo career away from NYPD Blue.
Ah yes, because a man desiring universal healthcare, affordable college, and better wages is the moral equivalent of a xenophobic, race-baiting, orange-faced billionaire who seeks to divide.



I National Workers Union would be much better Bernie.
I love JetBlue @jessssorduna
Their maintenance department is one of the best paid in the industry, they don’t need a union.

Up go the prices... How to screw up a successful airline... @JetBlue


Canada is a great country! Why shouldn't we try to be more like them?
The United States of America is a great country, Canada has always tried to be like the USA. Smarten up!


And now, the flipside...   Watch the service , on time performance and wages, go down.

You'll never learn.
You know, traditionally, when employees were allowed to have a seat at the table on how they're to be treated and paid the opposite happens.

Employees are happy, they get better wages and perks. 

Corporatization of unions have been an issue but unions themselves are needed.
Unions are worthless...
People who say that have had worthless unions..

That doesn't mean they aren't a necessity. We ever gotten to comfortable again saying this is how things are.

Corp unions are mostly worthless, but you can hire a private attorney and create your own union.
You can thank Reagan for ineffectiveness of unions in the past 35 years.
Reagan has nothing to do with the ineffectiveness of Socialism.
It comes with the territory.
I'm just going to leave this right here..

You need to learn some history...
LOL...  I was a part of that.  Reagan did a great job against unions.  The way he should have.

However, unions, in and of themselves are worthless. Cry all you want about the big bad business industry but Unions, aren't a necessity.

Is it possible the Australian GREENS are copying this numbskull Sanders?

Can we have a Prime Minestrone?
Unions have choked the life out of the middle class - utter failure!!!
Union membership is lower than ever and you have to work more than a regular 40 hour week in about any state.

You better thank unions you even know what benefits and a 8hr day/40 he work week looks like.  Go do the knowledge before you type nonsense



