Having the government deciding they can assume complete control over your child - HARD FREAKING PASS
The government does not have total control over my child. They wouldn’t want it.
I bet Alfie Evan's parents disageee
I wasn’t referring to a situation in which my child’s best interests were considered in the courts but in the context of maternity care as mentioned by original tweet. To be pedantic, Court, not govt, is attempting to find a just way to deal with AE’s heart-rending situation.
His Medicare for all ideas give the gov control over the healthcare that you get. As for Alfie, their government is allowing this to go on.
To be a complete pedant, the government did not make the decision in regards to Alfie it was the paediatricians, who I am assure you are aware take a Hippocratic oath and base any decision on medical evidence. Unlike the US no one is left without medical cover
Nor has the gov made any attempt to change anything about how these cases are handled. You mean the pediatricians who can't diagnose him? The way your health care is going, denying surgery to smokers and the obese, I'll keep my US healthcare.
You started off complaining that public healthcare in the UK means the gov has total control and once you were corrected you complained the gov weren’t intervening - which way do you want it? Plus smokers and the obese do get treatment on the NHS.
Delivery of baby in Canada by either midwife or family doctor or specialist, $0. Premature baby care, Pediatric ICU, $0. Parents who must contemplate poverty or health care for baby, 0.  Infant mortality rate should be better, but beats yours
#healthcare
Aren’t there multiple factors in survival rates for babies? Age of mothers for just one....
Will you please address why it costs so much instead of just saying it should be paid for by the government? 
I support healthcare for everyone but our country will go bankrupt if big pharma gets to charge the gov whatever they frickin want
Megan you're spending billions and billions on missiles yet don't have universal healthcare. We have it in the UK and have since the 50s
I'm not pro-missile because I feel like challenging big pharma is part of attaining a single payer healthcare system. I'm pro choice, anti illegal immigration, pro-pot pro gay marriage, pro 2nd amendment and pro gun control okay?
You been harmed by drugs?
That's random
You mention pharma
My wallet has definitely felt the pain. 
I was also diagnosed with ADHD in 3rd grade and had cycled through 8 different types of medications before I turned 18. I mention that because I know that I was misdiagnosed. When I got off pills at 18 my focus sharpened.
Benzos?
Delivery of regular UK baby: FREE
And free in Canada -
Nothing is free.
And nothing will cost you more than health care in the USA
Actually my mortgage does.  My car payment is within $100 of my insurance premium and my cell phone bill exceeds my premium by $52.  Diff between me and some is that insurance was baked in the cake B4 taking on extravagances.
I guess that's good. Dunno. I don't pay anything directly in Canada. I wasn't actually refering to any individual, but the total cost of the industry. No government insurance program could ever be as inefficient as US private medical coverage.
I've found the biggest problem is with providers.  When OC came in we made a mad dash to Mayo Clinic - sorta a one stop shop.  I knew OC would flood the smaller offices with low reimbursement rates and lack of attention so we went where they don't take OC. I never see paperwork
Here is my bill for a broken arm 22,000. I have now gone into collection. I make 22,000 a year.
You owe $2,234. Read your bill, lol.
Shh, that destroys her narrative .
Lol
I never said that is what I owed. I said it 22,00.00 for a broken arm. The two g's sucks for sure. But 22,000.00 for a all fracture and cast for 4 weeks.
I had to have a c-section and I mean HAD to. The delivery of my beautiful son cost $27,000. And this was 11 years ago. I can only imagine what it costs now for a c-section.
That’s insane...I had to have an emergency c-section also, and didn’t have to pay a penny. I’m in Canada, and Alberta Health Services covers the cost of birth.
Oh you paid for it in your high taxes
We don’t have high taxes.
What is the average yearly income in all the countries Bernie made comparison to. We in the U S have the highest yearly income of all of these countries
This is from world database.
Oops. Lol
A baby that will grow up with no worries. Not like every one else, Struggling!
Not necessarily. There’s a good chance the archaic “monarchy” will be abolished after Elizabeth dies.
I sure hope that one day all people are created equal...
So will we have 0 retards or 0 geniuses in this fantasy? No short people or no tall people? Will everyone be great at the same thing or will no one be good at anything?
No, every one has a talent & a brain. Utilise what talents & skills people have, rather than the systems in play now that seem to favour a minority. I do hope that not every one in the world think I'm crazy, but when people join together stuff gets done.
no i would find out what you were good at & nurture it to hopefully improve you, improve everyone they meet ect. i would not do some drastic action to anyone. hope you do everything you can to help others rather than just being a dick-head, Hope that clear!
If I’m a dick head how are we ever going to be equal ? It seems your communist fantasy will require eugenics and violence, also a leader with more power than others to enforce equality
And she went home the same day! And they have a lower infant mortality rate than we do! And they have nationalized Healthcare!
Regular Hospital Birth in Australia: Free
I paid nothing for 3 sections and ICN in Canada
NICU maybe some places
No.... you did pay, in taxes. The cost is just hidden so you have no idea what it really cost. If you didn’t pay anything like you claim, being a doctor or a nurse would be a non paying hobby instead of a profession.
In NL I had a hernia: total bill <$5K fully paid by my insurance. And a portion to insurance comes from my taxes. in USA that same operation can cost $50K with if you lucky only $2K own cost. U can fly to Europe for operation, enjoy a nice vacation and be cheaper.
Right but a lot of other issues beyond that. I had an MRI  a few months back. I could have got it same day doctor said I needed it if I wanted. In BC Canada average wait is 41 days. That’s an improvement over last year
Well instead of working on the citizens side of things the government should work on the billing side to just reduce costs. For instance dentist now have a fixed reasonable rate for anything they do. No weird high bills, Also wait time reduced as he is less often on vacation. 
You can’t fix it by focusing on costs as there is only so much cost that can be cut. The solution is increased efficiencies & incentivizing consumers to make better choices health wise and healthcare device wise. Avoiding Dr visits because of good health is cheapest option
You can’t avoid all things and even healthy people need doctors sometimes. Deliveries is actually something that is very common with healthy people and shouldn’t cost more than 2K, anything else CAN be cut in cost provided you actually try.
Even if your numbers can be trusted - they can't - I will pay a little more to be free of government. Anyone who cherishes freedom would do the same. #Freedom #Liberty
Nope, I cherish freedom and want M4A. See, I experience empathy for others in my country and don't like how billionares hoard all the resources while others die from lack of care.

The numbers and states are good, the burden of proof is on you if you claim it's wrong.
If you want the government to limit your choices how can you cherish freedom? That implies not only less choice but government taking more of what you earn. Thst doesn’t make sense how those can coexist.
I struggle to see how being uninsured is freedom. A democratic government doesn't take your money, it goes into welfare, benefitting everyone. The world doesn't work if people can't coexist, which taxation ensures.
Welfare benefits the recipient. It sure does not benefit the person who worked to earn it and has it taken away. That is not to say that there is not a place for a safety net for the truly poor. But in a quest for power socialist politicians don't limit it to the truly poor.
Yes, and in a proper welfare system everyone are recipients. Some people contribute a bit more than others because everyone doesn't have the same prerequisites and capacity. The modern state would not work without tax-funded infrstructure, education etc. etc.
AMerica is about equality of OPPORTUNITY, not equality of OUTCOME. Not everyone gets the same output. If you work harder, smarter, more efficiently, etc. you SHOULD do better.

As for everyone being a recipient, do you not understand many of us don't want to receive anything.
In that case, poor single moms working three jobs should be on top of the world. I'm talking about general services that makes the world go around and this post was about medicare. Everyone should have the right to health care regardless of their wealth.
wonder why they didnt use the nhs it would have been free
They wanted more privacy.
suuuuuure
That's actually true. There's no difference in standard of care between NHS and private. The facilities may be nicer, quieter and faster service but you still get exactly the same standard of doctors & nurses.
there is no difference except one is better
Well, I guess you'd know that since you use thw NHS so often, right? Come back when you've sold your home to pay for your chemo, chump!
9_9
fuck off
$10,800??? Thought it was free
We're screwed
If she’d had him with the NHS it wouldn’t have cost her a penny. No one is charged for giving birth in the U.K. unless they choose to go private. The NHS is democracy in action
Nobody is charged anything. Wow!  So doctors and nurses and hospital staff are not paid?
Yes, of course they are. Everyone contributes through their taxes... hardly anything at all.
We'd save some money if all babies were royal !
God will surely continue to bless you for always "thinking of, "standing by" and "advocating for" the poor.
yep, but if you have insurance, like most of us do that 10k becomes practically nothing. We just saw how the Brits medical authority works, pls stop comparing and trying to push us towards that. Horrible!!!
Sad... So very sad
Any thoughts on Alfie Evans?
A living wage is BS. We need a family wage NOW!
And in Portugal, in some villages, you receive money :)
Not much difference. What’s your point crazy uncle Bernie.
I don’t see a cost for murdering babies by starvation of food and liquids on here giving government control of your healthcare was one of top things on Hitler’s list
in Denmark nothing
Is $10,808 what the average pt actually pays in the US, or is that the 'charge master' price that's heavily discounted if you're covered under the ACA, employer insurance, Medicare, etc.?
$10,000 is not accurate. It’s more like $30,000
We get the extra royal treatment!
What does it cost for England to  make judgment on the life if a 21 month old?
Add we get more. They receive less and less care the older they get,cause their investment in the govt machine demise over time.
I think they're gouging the royal family.
Wonder how Alfie's parents feel about universal healthcare.

@el_BID @the_IDB https://drive.google.com/file/d/10ZEl205vgluLYZdu-2zMNGxJo16yUaM9/view?usp=drivesdk … https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vo7Z5wqKTgD8aLVdU0ZBhMEKvekAwuuR/view?usp=drivesdk … https://drive.google.com/file/d/1viJLzXfmHJVta6g29esQmwi8K-LQ4kP9/view?usp=drivesdk … son documentos desarrollados por banco,incumpliendo sus políticas operativas por culpa de la administración y ejecución, por favor señores activen, el MECANISM…
10 years ago I had a kidney Transplant done at Sick Kids hospital in Toronto. It Canada it was paid for by our tax dollars but I cant imagine what it would cost in the USA. #Medicare4All
When “they determine your baby’s life isn’t worth the money to try and treat, they refuse to let the parents take him to others who have offered help. Too power hungry to let go. The state owns its citizens.
Bernie you have glossed over another major news story in Britain concerning their nationalized treatment of infants. Alfie Evans .... parents have zero rights to their child. Is that what we want here? No thank you!
A derivative of wage disparity...?
Royal baby: $8900
Baby they don't want to treat: they just kill it.

I'll stick with America's system.
More than half the babies born in Houston's county hospitals are to illegal immigrants. How much do you think they pay?
How much was Alfie Evans’ delivery you commie douchnozzle?
Tell that shit to British parents that are being forced to watch their child die instead of being able to take him to a hospital that will at least try to save him.
We're paying a very high price for all kinds of essential services while wages are shrinking, God forbid you are on social security with COLA's attached to thing's that hardly ever affected instead of basing it on goods and services all seniors face on  daily basis, ex consumer!
the average Medicare enrollees has $6000 a year in out of pocket
And look how much they’re saving on life support for the toddler. Nayional health care is awesome
It has nothing to do with health care. You mean the kid who is terminally ill? Who NHS has been caring for a long time, without parents going broke.

At this point it's just funny how Americans(mostly republicans) shit on universal health care even tho it works.
Lawyer fee is much higher in my country than yours Bernard. That might be the diff. You Commie
Americans are TOO ARROGANT they think they’re the only ones who can solve a problem.
Agree.  Americans think they have the best cause they have never had anything else.  Too scared to try something else.  Fear!! That's what's keeps people from being totally free!
Big gov't knows best! #universalhealthcoverage
https://www.chicksonright.com/2018/04/25/police-warn-citizens-theyre-monitoring-social-media-posts-about-alfie-evans/ … Alfie Evans little boy n UK has essentially bn sentenced 2 death. He has an undiagnosed neurological condition& DRs hv givn up on him. Italy granted him emrgncy citizenship. a plane has bn wait'g 2 transfer him 2 a hosp n Rome, bt judge won’t let him 2go.
Forgotten in chart is government killing infants like Charlie Gard and Alfie Evans
And the cost of a wedding averages about $26k. What's your point. Socialized medicine is not better.
Medicare is not good insurance.  It's a fraud!
In Canada it's $110
She had to wait nine months for that delivery.
mexico is a lot cheaper, what's your point? British pound is higher then ours. mexico living standard is much lower too. if America is as bad as you say, go live there. and why so many peoples are trying to come here any way they can? idiot!
You & other Ind. & Dem. leaders need to get in front of the camera on this subject, SSA, Medicare & Medicaid. Need to explain funding - how it would be fraud for GOP to steal funds & how Medicare for All could actually reduce healthcare costs.
Real Men in AMERICA, Work Hard with their Bodies and Minds.@GoArmy  beta males "bernie boys" worry about hair gel 
Google Alfie Evans.  The government dropped the ball on that one. Just another day for big government.
Had an emergency c-section and a 4 day stay at the hospital + a year of maternity leave when I had my son. Total of bills received: $0.00  #canada
Also in Britain most mothers don't pay a single penny
let's paraphrase this socialist rhetoric... 45%+ income taxes for all, just like in Europe. Of course, most of #CrazyBernie supporters won't care, as they pay no or very little taxes.
Thats what you get from extreme capitalism. Greetings from Denmark 
Oh stop. Fed govt spends where it wants, and cant execute anything. Healthcare in England SUCKS.
I’d take that over allowing the bureaucrats to decide who lives and who dies . #AlfieArmy #AlfiesLifeMatters
Have you noticed the sick child the UK system is holding hostage until he dies?
And when is a good time to talk about ? The 'host' body dying at increasing rates even when hospital care is getting more expensive? Because lets face it ... in the current culture that's all we are. Hosts.
Medicare for ALL!
For us peasants in the UK, the cost is £0
Bernie, thanks for letting everyone know health care costs are very high.  No one in America would know this without your tweet.  By the way, anything positive happening today?
You are not entitled to my labor
And we know exactly why it's so high. It's because of the high cost of malpractice insurance. If the Democrat party would stop taking donations from The Trial Lawyers Association, malpractice suits would dry up. But, Democrats are too incestuously in bed with them.
Oooo now add tax burden to the bill.
Your insurance premiums (average is $400 or so monthly) will go away so you’ll have a larger paycheck. That’s before you factor in savings from no copays, no deductibles, etc.
Are you allowed to take your sick child to alternate medical providers?
Or is care limited by fiat?
Not sure of the question. Alternative like aroma therapy?
No. Other *providers*.
So nothing about providers will change, just who pays them. Right now it’s a messy and expensive combination of you, your insurance provider and (indirectly) your employer. Single payer wraps that and just has the govt pay. Easy peasy.
Odd. Sanders compared us to a nation that doesn’t permit moving to other providers. Hm.
Regular hospital birth UK is $0.00
Did you know Bernie that Medicaid and Medicare deny all first applications. I just had heart surgery and was denied because it wasn't deemed medically essential. Hmm, kinda need my heart, don't ya think?????
All insurances deny first applications for surgery or even routine procedures unfortunately. Hopefully we can implement Medicare $0 that would ease this and make healthcare cheaper.
How do you determine who qualifies? The reason I don't have insurance is because I don't qualify for ACA but yet I make "too much" for Medicaid so I get nothing. So much for healthcare for all.
Great point! All citizens would automatically qualify. No preexisting condition exclusions, no bs. You have a ssi number, you get a Medicare $0 card.
The reason healthcare is so expensive is that hospitals pass on the cost of people who can't pay (like homeless who end up in the ER) onto new customers with insurance, making insurance cost go up too. http://jameswhitley.com  > healthcare
That and the profit model incentives denying care to boost profit. Drug companies bribing congress to not import drugs from Canada drives up prices as does not having the purchasing power of 330 million patients to say, no we’re not paying $75 for bottle of aspirin, we’ll pay $10
Thats because we are paying for all those free births of the ILLEGAL ALIENS! Someone has to pay for them so it's the next Taxpaying Citizens! STOP illegal immigration and the Health in this Country drops by 25-40%
Have nice day!
@BernieSanders totes the UK model as to the care we need... the model that won't allow these parents to care for their child. Nice #ivorytowerelitistcoward.  This is what this millionarie wants for us. https://townhall.com/tipsheet/laurettabrown/2018/04/25/parents-of-gravely-ill-toddler-fight-to-move-him-to-hospital-in-italy-after-he-survives-life-support-removal-n2474292?amp=true&__twitter_impression=true …
Pay what you and your wife took deadbeat and your back taxes
I'm not big on politicians but I'd have to say Bernie Sanders is by far probably the only politician who's really concern is to fight for the public.The major problem is getting all of these individuals born after 1990 off of the system it's have kids &Rely on the system&freeload
This does not include doctors meds, room..etc.
You say health insurance is a right. Were exactly in the @usconstitution does this right exist? Why don’t you tell all of your supporters why health car costs are so high and why health insurance exists.
Well if you left it to the free market and worked on tort reform we wouldn’t be dealing with this
Your plan doesn't involve lowering costs though. It simply interns to pay those costs for everybody.  If it's not obvious why that's a disastrous idea, you have no place in our government.
Healthcare isn't a right...  #TaxationIsTheft
If taxation is theft, then what do you call profit?
I'd use its definition which is not theft... 

Profit from Latin profectus "profit, advance, increase, success, progress," noun use of past participle of proficere "accomplish, make progress; be useful, do good; have success, profit"
What made her so much more expensive than other Brits? The high wealth?
That’s it! I’m moving to England. For the price of a hospital birth in America, you kicked out after TWO DAYS.
Says the guy with multiple homes... some socialist 
The added costs are for insurance for doctors and sue happy lawyers, put some limits in place and the price goes down.  It is up to you Bernie, quit tweeting about it
Hey Bernie what do you have to say about Alfie Evans?  You must have heard about this little boy in England that ripped his parents rights away to make medical decisions.  This is what you get with socialized medicine, be honest and admit it.
And wouldn't an abortion be even cheaper?
Cost of using a drunken midwife: free.
Does this mean the U.S. should become a monarchy too?  Because that's what Trump wants.
The birth of my 1st kid (an easy/quick vaginal delivery with epidural) cost $40K+ somehow....had to pay ~6K out of pocket for that w my insurance then. My 2nd was a complicated 4-day induction in hospital but cost <$30K..I'd better insurance for that one #confused #MedicareForAll
Wow. Crazy. I can't believe it costs money to deliver a baby... Thank god for Canadian health care. Two csections with 3 day hospital stay each time. Cost = $0.
And people wonder why more and more Americans are choosing not to have kids.
We had a royal baby as a nominee in the 2016 election that needed medicare   

It cost us more then $10,808 in donations alone 

Election integrity would be nice, but we won't mention that 

It's our secret 
Yes, medicare for All! Hey Trump voters, if your benefits are being slashed, you can thank your man, who signed a bill ( without the press watching). Hope your happy.
What an irony
Data is wrong and perhaps excludes medical fees. A normal routine private delivery in the UK including doctors fees is well over 10k. The cost of this royal delivery in the UK with TWO attending O&G and anaesthetists on standby would be double that.
And the Royals probably had a whole floor to themselves.
Allow health Insurance to be purchased across states boundaries and the price will go down.
Greed
I just received my bill $17,000 and counting. Waiting for the other bills to roll in
Guess it depends on who you talk to
IF cost was the significant factor, IF we pretend Americans actually spend $10K cash for "normal birth" (which is horseshit, sir) ask yourself what's more important: price? or, what you get for your money? 

Argentina, has low socialist sale prices: https://bit.ly/arnewborn  #tpusa
Unbelievable! We want free healthcare!
For Australia $5000 is misleading.
To the family, it's free.
Affluent families can spend $2000, to (max, not average) $10,000+ with private OBGYN, etc.
Aussie hospitals are world class.
US hospitals are crumbling relics from the 70's.
You're getting ripped off ...
Um, it doesn't cost anything to have a baby. Why do you think any of those costs are justified?
Now what’s wrong wit that picture ?
What did it cost them to decide to kill that other baby because the country didn't want to pay it's medical bills?????? This makes 2 now doesn't it!!!
Where are the money trees?
No trees, just using existing tax funds to more cost effectively cover people for better care and for less money.
Does he know our federal government runs a deficit?
Because it is underfunded domestically and we have an empire (military spending 10x the next largest “advisory”. Fix both and everything we want is ours.
And you receive how much money from pharmaceutical companies
Planning to breed burn? Please don’t. I know the taxpayers would rather not pay to get a mini-me if you.
You think a royal birth should cost more?! Are we not special Bernie as U.S. American's? Perhaps you'd like us to all be born at home Bernie... that's free or cost of a midwife did you include that in your data? Stop comparing us to a parliament country that we broke away from!
Value of a human life: Priceless.

#AlfieEvans #AlfiesArmy
Hey Bernie, I want to live FREE in YOUR home. I want YOU to pay me to work for YOU. I want YOU to feed me & let me have your car. Are YOU going to dictate that small business owners hire people they don’t need? #AntiAmericanCommunist
He hasn’t proposed anything of what you just said so your statement is what we call a reflective statement. Meant to change the subject  without addressing the issue at hand.
*deflective, sorry
I wasn't responding to the video...just plastering my message to #CrazyBernie 
Ok. Hope youre happy with your healthcare. Most aren’t.
There'd be riots here in England if our nhs was dismantled.
What is sad is , it just dawned on you ,It's been common knowledge for 20 years# United Healthcare
Not a good time to be lauding the British Healthcare system. The same system that delivered the royal baby is going to kill Alfie Evans. You and all other socialist pigs should be ashamed for peddling this crap on the American people.
Have you been aware of the Baby Alphie Evans, who is now owned by and will be killed by Socialist Medicine in the UK, and you want that kind of health care for us? For "Free"? Isn't the Illegals getting theirs for free, that we taxpayer pay for? Who is going to pay for our Free?
Alfie Evans will probably die because of his rare terminal condition. Don’t use such unnecessary emotive language, and don’t forget all the care he’s received since birth has been free.
Higher taxes for everyone!
I wonder if the Duchess was eating a shit ton of fried food, drinking hooch, smoking cigarettes, and shooting H?
To be fair NZ has kept the costs low by routing everything through midwives. Cheaper to train and underpaid. Ob-gyns are only used when pregnancy or birth potentially tricky. Or if you too posh to push.
Are you saying you’d value my wife’s birthing experience less than a Brit’s?

Asking for a friend.
And another thing you fail to mention is that these services have been converted to US Dollars. An acurate chart would be based on the country's economic health and the health care providers markup on supplies and drugs used.
Adjusted for Pounds Stirling that’s about 15,500 or am I not supposed to know that?
Oh ya, health care for all.
You can keep your Socialism.
Canada $0.00
I don't get it Sanders You are only talking about the cost of the delivery of the princess of Cambride and the cost of a delivery is it was done in USA. WHAT People change everything. But the difference obviously is because USA does it better 
What? And no you're wrong the US leads the first world in infant mortality
How much does it cost for them to pull the plug on a kid?
What happens when the govt controls healthcare https://www.nationalreview.com/news/alfie-evans-holds-on-to-life-father-giving-mouth-to-mouth/ … #MAGA
National Healthcare should cover everyone. Get bent.
Actual cost in America is $100, the rest of the $10,000+ is profit.
Tell that to Alfie‘s parents
What can we do to get those prices down?
Cool graph man. Now do Alfie Evans case. Anti math, ignorant old man
#AlfieEvans was unavailable for comment on the glories of socialized medicine
If you got rid of government payors and employer-based insurance, and insurance was truly to "insure" against catastrophic illness, the market would sort out prices quickly.  Government isn't the solution, it's the problem.
Our forefathers taught the tyranny of the English and with the French we won. It’s a shame you are an actual US Senator. How disappointing you must be to our forefathers. Look forward to your retirement someday.
We as Americans show great leadership in defeating abortion, by going to enormous costs to bring a child into the world.  God is moving!
How much does it cost to remove a baby from life support against parents wishes, hold him hostage, refuse him oxygen and slowly starve him to death in UK vs America? Piss off! #AlfieEvans
NHS its broke.. True
I reserve the right to die, it's my life and body, not yours
Keep fighting for us Bernie
Possibility for our high birth cost is that OB's pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in  malpractice insurance each year. So they are more likely to charge more  for their services as well as offer tests and procedures “just in  case”. READ Bernie ,UK different Malpractice laws.
After I had an emergency surgery here in the states they had to leave the stent in for drainage. About 2 month later they had to remove the stent . Almost same surgery like in Germany.The Hospital here charged $11,980 Dollars and sent me home next day.
The Emergency surgery was $25,358
What? Oh man say it ain’t so champion of the down
With the news of the UK killing another baby because his life isn’t worth the cost I don’t know that I would be pimping their health care system right now #deathpanels
Why then does the queen come to America for her health care?
You gotta be joking...
Look it up she goes to Mayo Clinic.english HC systems is terrible Ave people die daily because of lack of care.
“Look it up” = the defense of a person just busted in a lie
Yeah I have a reason to lie.
Medicare for all??? I think first you need to get that price down of baby delivery!!!
Senator Sanders.I am a German Citizen living legally in the USA.During my visit to Germany I got sick (gallbladder)and had to have a surgery in Germany.They put a stent in.The German hospital charged for the procedure & 4 day hospital stay $3385 dollars.
How about tort law change for all...
That's what happens crazy bernie, when you get government involved..the price goes up snd up
Standard of care for #GreatBritain is #death by hospital. Government healthcare guarantees death. Government healthcare guarantees #slavery. Government healthcare guarantees poor life expectancy.  Go to hell. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisease #Libtards

Wow, is this true?
September you’re said you’d release your “Medicare for all” plan. 8 months later.....where is it?
ALL TALK!
Not many Americans have a baby and leave hospital 7 hours later as Kate did. You need to compare apples to apples Bernie.
She must have used all her savings to buy her birthing gown. Youj are such a liar. The expence of this birth was much greater than that. #ivorytowerelitistcoward lies.
#LearnMMT Congress can afford FREE health care for all right now. Your economic advisor from 2016 knows this - Dr @StephanieKelton
Hey had a small stroke in January and waiting on the VA to give me a CT scan.  Why aren’t you with the VA like us who served the country.  13+years and honorable just so you know.  If socialism is what you want then move to Cuba or Venezuela
Alfie Evans’ parents might have a different take. You should contact them - ask them their opinion of government-run healthcare.
20,000 for a 2 day stay in california
What??????
If you are wondering why, I would be happy to share some insight.
Avg. cost of one gallon of gasoline in UK = $6.57/gal. ; cost in USA = $2.99/gal.
Good thing your platform is to abort.
Are u gonna be footin the bill?
The problem with this issue is middle America was tapped out by Obama’s policies. He stole money from tax payers to bail out the rich.? 1.2 trillion on Obama care. The mistake is the biggest gen since baby boomers aren’t paying. I worked for Insurace.
You do nothing about it other than complain. No ideas other than point finger.  Time for you to go
Would love it if even half of those those things were true 
That was the Royal family Bernie. The average British citizen doesn’t fair so well. Stop your lying man! Check out Paul Joseph Watson on YouTube.

How much does it cost them to let #AlfieEvans die?
500 bucks total for all supplies and payment for an experienced, compassionate midwife in my home.
The Prime Minister further reminded Britons that they gave up their right to make major decisions for their household when they decided to hand over control of healthcare, social security, education, guns, and free speech to the government.

And the Brit’s own everyone DB
Bernie, The gov't can't properly take care of the Military and MC recipients that it has. How is  it going to take care of everyone? Regulating the industry, limiting what hospitals charge, and regulating CEO pay will do more. You should retire.
If you took half the money you currently give to private insurance and used it in a single payer system thru the government, you'd still be paying more than the rest of the world but you'd get care at least equal to the rest of the world and everyone would be covered.
You make a great point, but mine was our govt struggles to take care of what they have now. Imagine more chaos than now.
No socialist no Bernie Sanders
@SenSanders ,that $8900 was the charge for a private room in the Lindo wing of the hospital, similar to that of a luxury hotel. It's complete with fresh food prep onsite, additional staff to make sure family/friends are comfortable and wine to celebrate the birth! big difference!
So it's cheaper to book a luxury hospital room in the U.K. than just your average birth in the U.S. That's nice.
Having worked in London some years ago, I had to use the NHS; no charge for the office visit and 4quid ($6) for antibiotics. We need to take the lesson. We're the only industrialized country where you can lose a home because of medical bills. That's just wrong.
By now if we were all smart countries we would adopt the best ideas from other countries & make a better world for all, with no worries of the future. Shame on all Governments that have policy's that keep people in poverty. While they live in palace's.
Couldn't agree more - like Japan's strict/stringent gun laws or ANY industrialized nation's system of healthcare &/or medicine.
I had a $21k bill after I had my son in 2002. Hospital booked an OR just in case I needed one so I had to pay for it. How about tell us all of the costs associated with birth at the hospital. I could have had mine at home or at a birthing center and saved $21k
We aren't paying for it anymore ! Your not spending our money Anymore !!!
Doctors, hospital executives, and insurance companies will never give up their cash cow
Please tell me how a healthcare system that decides who receives treatment and who doesn't is in any nation's best interest.
