Breaking News: President Trump has ordered strikes against Syria as punishment for a suspected chemical attack near Damascus https://nyti.ms/2GYg9Es 
It’d be cool if you had some moral clarity here instead of some griping about procedural bullshit
Full statement
thank you Sir. This is a lot better than his tweet.
agree
yeah I definitely wouldn't have lead with the "hey, bombing is OUR job" angle
Maybe he went with that because, if his goal is to stop this madness, there's more political traction with procedure violation than there is with moral imperatives. 
Sad, but true.
Terrorist Assad commits a Genocide in Syria for 7 yrs, you watched 500,000+ innocent civilians be slaughter in Syria & you believe it isn’t worth the risk saving the people he continues to target?
What are you smoking??? Russian backed Syria forces have been decinating ISIS troops in the area. But where is geir positive coverage? Instead Trump wants credit for some he didn't do. These strikes are going to destabilize the progress made in the region.
Have you learned nothing from our involvement in Iraq?? Sadam didnt have weapons of mass destruction, our involvement did NOT improve the region, it made it worse! This is not how you help people. America is itching for an excuse to get into the ME.
I love that the original tweet that I replied to no longer exists. Cowardice @atrzy.
#TakeResponsibilityForYourTweets
it does. they blocked you lol
LMFAO, that's amazing. Thanks for letting me know.
Were you this outspoken when your #SwampDonkey Marxist brother, #Obama was bombing multiple countries & killing civilians (while strengthening ISIS)?

#GreatAwakening #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #SaturdayMorning #Syria
#KAG #Midterms2018 

https://www.thebureauinvestigates.com/stories/2017-01-17/obamas-covert-drone-war-in-numbers-ten-times-more-strikes-than-bush …
Great informative board, Awaken!!!
People deserve the truth, Lisa. #SwampDonkeys like @SenSanders have made a career out of keeping their constituents in the dark & continue to feed them lies to push their own nefarious agenda.
#GreatAwakening
#DrainTheSwamp
What are the lies and what is the agenda exactly?
Main objective in the US is the same as it always has been: Control.

Elites believe they are superior to the rest of the population. They use tools such as propaganda, welfare state, terrorism, war, regulation, taxation, fearmongering, etc. to control us.
For the lies: pick one.
Couldnt have said it better myself. 
We are not at war.
You when Obama was president.....
Impeach that  before he starts WWIII
@catoletters @katrinkristiina @RussiaConnects @haloefekti @VanessaBeeley @AWAKEALERT @wherepond @RameelAhmad No Proof & they attack a sovereign nation. What happened to the rule of law? quite clear for all too see: this is Trump’s blatant strategy for re-election.
Nope. THE #Syria genocide conspirators...
#NotInMyNameTheresaMay #OpenGazaToWorldPress #FreeAssange #DeleteFacebook #BoycottGoogle #BoycottUSA #NameShameZionists #BoycottIsrael #BDS @parallelpond
@therussophile @wherepond @haloefekti @haloefekti @AWAKEALERT @RussiaConnects @BarbaraMcK42 @weareontoyou @RameelAhmad They should all be on a wanted list - everyone of them.
Sir, I'm against use of chemicals or any other which results in innocent people getting killed. I'm just wondering why should Assad use them when he was so close to victory in Ghouta! US, UK, and France could've waited for UN's investigations! The whole situation seems suspicious
Same in the UK. Our Countries are led by war mongering Rich Bozos.
Trumps my president didn’t u see what Syria did
Soooo.....Obama’s drone strikes were constitutional though? Oh how quickly we forget when it doesn’t work to our benefit
Our President did not make war with Syria as you would like to believe. He along with our allies took out strategic targets where chemical weapons were stored and manufactured. Other Presidents have done this in the past without Congressional approval. Who complained?
Syria thought @realDonaldTrump was full of empty words. They forget they are no-longer dealing with @BarackObama. Russia is no threat to us either. Putin's bark is worse than his bite.
Ummm.. war powers act 1973. Seriously? Haven't you been around awhile? Maybe check that one out , its kind of important
That is nullified because congress has already signed two AUMFs authorizing military force to combat any form of terrorism in the region. This strike would fall under that, bit even so the UK committed the strike under US supervision.
#SlitherBackUnderYourRock
You're a complete id10t. Know what you're talking about before publicly opening your mouth and proving to everyone that you're completely ignorant of the law.
#Syria #SYRIASTRIKES #MAGA

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_Powers_Resolution …
Do something about it.  Time is running out.  I'm tired of talk.  Action is required.
BOMBING PEOPLE IS BAD ACTUALLY
<insert disappointed but not surprised image here>
someone posted this which looks better but jesus this tweet was garbage
No outrage about democrate pedophelia, sadist, human trafficking, drug trafficking, E.O. overreach by 44, droaning, election fraud! You are fake news! @POTUS #MAGA #QAnon #GreatAwakenening #MakeItRain #RedPill #Q #ItsHappening @prayingmedic and @Liberty__Q
WOW!  Uncle Bernie and Pocahontas must have the same writers b/c they gave the exact same statement tonight. Good planning, Dems!
They are bots! 
...It's because Trump is a wanna-be DICTATOR, and the current GOP is allowing this madman Trump to achieve his Dictatorship's goals! #ComplicitGOP  #MadmanTRUMP  #unhingedTRUMP #WagTheDog2018
Thank god you are not the president!  We would have been screwed!  #MAGA #KAG #QAnon #GreatAwakening #TheStorm #RedPill
@SenSanders Where were you when Obama was bombing SEVEN different countries w/out a declaration of war from Congress? Socialists think the ppl are stupid & can't govern themselves but we remember 8 yrs of Obama's appeasement weakening the US tremendously (foreign & domestically).
I thought Sanders said Trump could not order missile attacks without congress approval. How did Trump do this?
Ugh, this is so milquetoast. Take a moral stand against imperial war, not some procedural handwringing and passive acceptance of false justifications
Obama dropped the equivalent of a bomb every 20 minutes for 8 years (upon some six countries, only two of which we were at "war" with), pushed to bomb Syria.
Chemical weapons were officially dismantled under the hospices of the @UN & relevant agencies, Trump wants a war, based on false flags.
So when Obama does the same thing it's "strategic"? How does that make sense?
Trump in sep 2013 
#Syria #Obama
You’re right bern out we should have sent John Kerry to negotiate the removal of the weapons he told us they don’t have. Screw all you Democommunist!
Go back to bed old man. Nobody cares about what you think. #loser
Not a big trump guy but I’m with ya here...he definitely has the authority if not outright, definitely from the precedent that was set
Too bad you allowed the DNC and Hillary to screw you over, Bernie.  Otherwise, this wouldn't be happening.
I’ve been saying the same thing. We wouldn’t have a crazy person running the country if the DNC hadn’t gotten involved. We are so screwed right now. Wish there was a way we could do a do-over on the elections. Trump goes we get Pence. He’s scary too
The hypocrisy in your tweets are fucking mind blowing
Can I help you with something? I mean so can't really fix the fact that ur a douche but other than that...
So can I help you with something??
I retreated it so it popped up in my mentions so I thought you were saying it to me sorry bro
No problem broesph Stalin
Isn’t it time #Israel gets held to the same standard when it comes to chemical weapons? #WhitePhosphorous 
#stopthearms #syria #siria #syrie
It would be great if just one of you could oppose the bombing with respect to its moral implications, not simply procedural ignorance.
Does that include the use of White Phosphorus? A listed chemcial weapon that the US Militiary has dropped in Syria! American hypocrisy is astounding. America are guilty of war crimes, so who does the world use to enforce the laws of the world if America just threaten nations? 
But,according to the war powers act,President can launch military attacks and then inform congress about it and seek congress approval days later,like how Obama went to launch strikes against Gaddafi in Libya,the president’s action was appropriate
#ICC @@INTERPOL_HQ @evoespueblo @IntlCrimCourt @antonioguterres @VanessaBeeley @CancilleriaVE @PutinRF_Eng @wikileaks @ThierryMeyssan @RussiaConnects @asisomosoficial 
*
 SIRIA:  LABORATORIOS QUIMICOS: TERRORISTAS CONTROLADOS POR LA CIA Y POR EL MI6.
*
http://misionverdad.com/TRAMA-GLOBAL/siria-un-laboratorio-en-guta-revela-las-capacidades-de-los-terroristas …
Kinda like Libya in 2011?
#Russia, #Novichok and the long tradition of British government #misinformation
Few of us realise how many people the British state employs to ‘discredit’, ‘deceive’ & ‘disrupt’ us
Sociology Prof. @DavidMillerBath on this month's mass media war #propaganda
Go away.
AUMF, Pub. L. 107-40, codified 115 Stat.224, passed as S.J.Res. 23 by Congress 9/14/2001. 12/2016, Office of the Pres published brief interpreting AUMF as providing Congressional authorization for use of force against al-Qaeda and other militant groups. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Authorization_for_Use_of_Military_Force_Against_Terrorists …
Unlike you and the rest of Congress, Trump does what needs to be done, especially when it comes to #WeThePeople
The President derives the power to direct the military at all times, whether or not congress declares war. (Exception: War Powers Act)
To me, massive military strikes against civilians in Yemen, Iraq, Syria and elsewhere are all crimes against humanity. Such weapons as chemical weapons, nuclear bombs, land mines, cluster bombs used against civilians are all atrocious tools to kill and nothing else...
I cry witnessing these atrocities committed by our “enemies”, our allies and ourselves. Massive retaliations against such crimes also kill civilians. Why do we treat chemical and biological weapons as special?  Is it because they are defined in the books?
#PresidentDavidDennison never follows procedures. He is a one-man show~~until something backfires and then it's everyone else's fault.
Why doesn’t every church, synagogue and mosque each sponsor 1-2 Syrian families? Rescuing people from gassing seems more  life-saving. Ask holocaust survivors.
Solid game, Element.
Any authority Trump has to get the US into a International conflict must be taken away from him immediately, no joke. Just look at his tweets that reflect his instability at the least ? The name calling, the bullying, the threats don't exactly express diplomacy and peace ?
Couldn't agree more!
Hahahahahahahhahahahah, socialist Bernie referencing the Constitution is my favorite twitter.
I know you’ve been around since the last time congress declared war on June 5, 1942, maybe you are senile and don’t know about Article II or the War Powers Act. POTUS has full authority to launch a strike. Go back to bed.
For some conversations below ...
Libertarianism can be either right or left.

In general ↓
Right = freedom to eat each other (lacks compassion)
Left = we're not free until no one's being eaten (lacks competition)

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libertarianism …
Also ...libertarians are often the one's fighting against what they see is gov't infringement on rights.  During Obama, this was the right.  Now the left are the prominent libertarians fighting for the freedoms they see in jeopardy.
Trump obviously has given this much thought, conferred with knowledgeable people, weighed the consequences of the strike to US, and brushed up on constitutional law. Only kidding.
knew you were joking when i read “thought”
ZACCCCC you wild af bro!!!
Give me one good reason how these strikes were "illegal". You no longer have my support whatsoever.
Only the Congress has the power to declare war; the "president" may NOT act unilaterally. Article I, Section 8, Clause 11 of the U.S. Constitution grants Congress the power to declare war. The "president" is commander in chief of the forces ONLY after war is declared. #tytlive
Nice try, but no. The President is Commander in Chief from the point he takes the oath till the next President does the same. A state of war has no bearing on him being CiC.    A limited strike does not require invoking Article1 section 8. See war powers act.
War Powers Act does not apply if we've not been attacked. CIC of the forces on the ground only attaches AFTER war has been declared. Read the constitution. Article 1, section 8 clause 11.
The War Powers Act in U.S. law requires the president of the United States to withdraw troops engaged in hostilities abroad within 60 to 90 days unless the president seeks authorization from Congress to keep the troops at war.
US Constitution Article 2 Section 2. The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual Service of the United States...
https://www.loc.gov/law/help/war-powers.php …

Note this passage:

"The President's powers as Commander in Chief are exercised only pursuant to a declaration of war, specific statutory authorization from Congress, or a national emergency created by an attack upon the United States (50 USC Sec. 1541)."
The third part sets forth reporting requirements that the President must comply with any time he introduces U.S. armed forces into existing or imminent hostilities (50 USC Sec. 1543); section 1543(a)(1) is particularly significant because it can trigger a 60 day time limit on the
This is "Sadam has weapons of Mass destruction" all over again
So are those kids who look like they are spewing their own bile crises actors?
It is not our business to be the policeman of the world. Proof of such attack needs to be presented in order to debate or approve us going to war. It my seem harsh but we cannot get dragged into another conflict based on allegations that have not been confirmed.
Same argument was made about Germany in ww2
Oh fuck off with the comparison to Germany. Syria is a state torn by civil war, not a global power capable of waging war on everyone else. This attack serves no purpose other than making Trump feel like a big boy & people like you feel like killing civilians protects them.
So you are cool with the gassing of civilians and children to maintain a dictatorship.  Just for the record?
For the record this country has a little thing called due process.
It's supposed to apply to everything including war with a foreign country.
That's why Congress (aka the legislature) is the deciding body in these matters.
#leadbyexample
Since when?
Yet you supported Obsma, who dropped 150,000 bombs. #hypocrite #Syria
Bernie has never been in favor of military action in Syria so what what the fuck are you talking about?
Just another conservtard talking out of his aze.
so, a conservative. Thanks
Children children... Break it up.
To be fair it’s funny that he doesn’t know libertarianism is a conservative ideology.
And you ran for #POTUS ? #Article2

Still think it was worth it, Bernie Bros?
Hillary's first order of business was to do a Libya in Syria. Remember "We came, we saw, he died, lol (hand clap)"? She would have bombed Syria her fist week in office.
Bernie is someone who'll for sure earn my vote in this coming presidential elections, I am confident that Bernie will show the United States how a real president should behave / act, unlike Trump who's highly unpredictable and immature.
First there needs to be an investigation of Chemical weapons attack and identify the culprits before jumping to conclusions. US launches attack on Syria while OPCW were just about to start their investigation.
Sorry bud there are people privy to more information than you.. Uk and france seem to think it was a good idea as well.
They don’t have the same constitution requiring congressional approval to attack a country that has not attacked us
The president doesnt need congressional approval to "attack a country". We need congressional approval to declare war, not to just attack a target or two. We have not declared war on Syria.
Then you’re 100% okay with ANY president deciding to attack a country at will without checks and balances. Just so we’re clear

When are the elected representatives in Washington going to do something about this piece of shit. #TheResistance
Do something to stop him. Do something. Do something
I have called upon the Patriots and the Military of the American People to work together to throw off this criminal government of the 1% using the still valid
Declaration of Independence!
That doesn't sound very patriotic of you, it sounds treasonous and insane. Besides Trump is within legal right to strike Syria. The AUMFs congress signed give military authority to fight terrorism in the middle east.
He’s all yours. Lock stock and barrel. I’ve had enough of his insanity. But hey if you like his cup tea, how about y’all find another place to enjoy each other.
@nytimes yes, and I know how bad America wants to try and protect the whole world.
There is still no evidence of chemical weapons and Trump just killed a bunch of civilians hours before the OPCW was doing the tests, he wants to cover up the evidence that it is all a lie. #NoMoreWar
Please take care of business at home. We need Rams free!
Sorry Bern, we are long passed that now.  America is not a Democracy, never was, and we are not free, we have the illusion of freedom.  

#REvolution
#ResourceBasedEconomy
Really?
Nothing to do with Syria, this is a fight for control of oil and gas in the region between Russia and the US. The petrodollar is at stake, Russia would love to see the US economy brought to its knees for once. WW3 is what they are pushing for, everyone loses.
How cute! While acting like a 'righteous' guy you are implying the lie that Assad did use chemical weapons. All liars lol.
It is Congress, not the president, which has the constitutional responsibility for making war. The international community must uphold the prohibition against the use of chemical weapons, but it is unclear how Trump's illegal and unauthorized strikes on Syria achieve that goal. …
He is the commander in chief of the armed forces.   He was not declaring war.  He was excersizing his powers.
Wow glad you aren't President! #ILOVEMYPREZ #ISTANDWITHTRUMP #MyVoteCounts #TRUMP2020 #BUILDTHEWALL #NoDACA #AMERICANSFIRST #AmericanDreams #TrumpStandsWithMe #UNITEDWESTAND #HILLARYFORPRISON #JUSTICE #1A #2A
You again? I thought for sure you went into a nursing home!
And the target had plenty of time to move anything of value out of the way before the fireworks, thanks to the leaker-in-chief.  #resist #resistance #theresistance
I wouldn’t count on the international community to uphold international law. The citizenry of the US should demand impeachment for war crimes, especially in light of the fact that the perpetrator of the alleged chemical attack is unverified.
So when the dead bodies of Syrian children were washing up on beaches they were too dangerous to allow here, but when someone else kills them we will kill more to show that killing is bad.
'as punishment for a SUSPECTED chemical attack!' You've killed innocent men, women & children on the premise of something unconfirmed, which was due to be visited by an independent body today to gather EVIDENCE if an attack even took place! Shame on you all!

The U.S attacks #Damascus #Syria with 100 missiles in response to an unproven attack by unknown entities using unknown chemicals for reasons unknown in a region that is none of their business 1 year after their is still no evedience for them doing the same thing then. #WarCrimes
Honestly, I have equally amounts of hatred towards Trump and Hillary, I can't say I agree with everything stated from my favorite running candidate. However, I do believe with great confidence, that Bernie would make this nation far better than anything we've seen in modern times
Oh boy. Here we go again. Waiting for Congress to act is like asking for permission to turn on the water so that you can turn off the fire that is about to burn your house. He’s the Commander in Chief! Enough said. BTW did you warn your socialist buddy Putin about fire and fury!
His attack was legal, your post just lost my vote in any primary
Not legal. Syria is now responsible for 9/11 false flag? WAKE UP

Sorry but the ACLU Carry's bias. As a matter of fact, congress signed two AUMFs allowing military force to combat terrorism in the region. This would fall under that. Its legal and even Nullifies the War Powers act.
Terrorists have been 90 percent eradicated thanks to Russia. The US was funding the terrorists
It doesn't matter if Congress is involved or not, imperialist war is wrong
How is this imperialist
This is all about gaing a geopolitical advantage on Russia and is nothing to do with human rights abuses which America carries out daily
It is a shame that my 17 year old students understand congress very own war powers act and you do not   Shame on you
So all those drone strike Obama authorized weren't illegal?
not illegal - read US V. Curtiss Wright export- SCOTUS has spoken ... and your support of Putin is troubling
Boom!
It’s not a war dipshit, strategic strikes completed before your bedtime! It’s kind of like the little wink you give to “your” Wall Street buddies.

It’s a police action against a rogue other than a war.
And here I thought Trump was in collusion with Russia. God I just can't keep up with all This accusatory stuff!
Like this doesn’t have anything to do with US...why are WE inserting ourselves into an issue that is not ours?! We didn’t create it so why do we have to fix it?! We have issues here that need to be FIXED. WE NEED TO WORK ON OUR COUNTRY’S VIOLENCE & other issues!! Period!!
#feeltheBern 
Shut-up and find a retirement home.
As you well know, the President had the authority to do this.  I am assuming that you called out Obama when he did the same. I'll check - maybe I can find it.
See this is why you lost a rigged primary! You are oblivious to the power of the executive branch! Enjoy the vacation home Hillary paid for!
Not illegal!
This would be a good time for you to do some homework. This is not War.
Bernie defends 8 years of  taking it up the a$$.  

I get why he's triggered but...

No one asked your opinion Bernard.  

Pound Sand
You didn't say that when Obama did it..
Proof as to WHY you lost the election! If liberals do not even know how the division of powers work in America, then they should be eliminated from serving in office! Legislature creates law & controls purse strings. Executive executes the power of law & what the purse buys
The legislature are not Commander N Chief of the armed forces. President Trump owns that title. He has the authority to issue orders for our military to act. An air strike is not declaration of war. Get out of Congress. You are clueless to your job & our Constitution
Even if the strikes were illegal, but it was a right decision ... the infrastructure of chemical weapons installations that pose a threat to civilians and a threat to lives had to be destroyed.
#SenSanders  Please help the people of English #CAMEROON, help #AMBAZONIA, Help #FreeSouthernCameroons because #SC_LivesMatters. STOP THE GENOCIDE AND CIVIL WAR IN ENGLISH CAMEROON. PLEASE SIGN  CONGRESS RESOLUTION 718 !! CRYING!!
Denounce the attack as whole. White people from the left and right, should focus on identity, tradition, environmentalism and infrastructure. We should form a big movement. A white identity politics movement with values from the left and the right might go far.
You tell ‘em Bernie 
NO MORE WAR!

Petty legalism is lame, Sanders. Denounce the strikes full stop or get off your high horse. Alt-right and anti-war unite!
You weren’t saying this when Obama was bombing 7 different countries. You supported Obama’s air strikes in Syria...why the sudden change in tune....hypocrite. If you didn’t have double standards you would have no standards at all.  Get a real job Bernie
Pathetic as usual
You have no idea what you are talking about Bernie. Stick to the free stuff rap it works better for your supporters who you sold out
he is disgusting
Any use of chemical weapons by any State is wrong but military retaliation without #OPCW evidence and #UN US #Congress UK #Parliament sends the wrong message that one rule for the powerful and another rule for the less powerful.
Bernie was obamas and hillarys war on libya illegal ? Nothing illegal about hitting assads wmd...
Tell Barak osama about that regarding links and Syria. He dropped thousands of bombs!
SAY NO TO WAR IN SYRIA,
SAY YES TO PEACE IN SYRIA.
What a dictator u r,Trump is the CEO Of the executive branch he has authority to shoot as many missiles as hed like.
#SicoSoclisit
#BernieBrain
finally some sense!
Poor sad Bernie. Pathetic. Time for you to retire. You're an ineffective government worker. Notice I didn't say leader? Time to go home and get some rest.
Where were you when @BarackObama faked that he trusted Assad for the phony “chemical weapons” agreement and the catastrophic Iran nuclear deal? You are boosting the Eurasian/Iranian/Assad Regime/Hezzbollah axis your FOOL!!! Does cheap politics worth it? Cc @realDonaldTrump
Has war been declared? A bombing strike is not a war, for those of you who don't know how things work.
Because he had the right too. You ran for president and you have no clue?
Obama admin bombed syria on numerous occasions without consulting congress you fuggn one sided ribbit
Love you Bernie, but you've been in that den of thieves long enough to know that a corrupt congress is little better than that orange idiot when it comes to stopping wars that maim and kill our fellow human beings.

You remember the Iraq vote, don't you?
Don't bother us with technicalities. Take a principled stand against empire.
well, if trump has commited a war crime ilegaly using or millitary, when the hell are you going to do something beside yaping your mouth
Crazy Bernie doesn’t understand the laws and powers of the president since 9/11

Not surprised..

#Qanon

* • #MAGA  #WWG1WGA #Qanon #GreatAwakening #FollowTheWhiteRabbit #WeThePeople #USA #kek #ObamaGate #Treason #HRCVideo
Well said.
Stop him!!!!!!!!!
Well the international community won’t move against these chemical attacks, one more thing, not only Trump who’s participating in targeting Syrian Regime targets.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_Powers_Resolution …

Come on old man, read the whole law and not just the first paragraph.
We destroyed chemical weapons sites. That’s how it achieves this goal
Because CW sites are usually placed in major cites! Lolol. The Americans are incredibly brainwashed to believe anything their TV tells them. #hypocrites
Sorry to hear that you don’t believe in US UK and French intelligence but instead a government conspiracy
Sorry you believe the WMD lie yet again.
Then why did Russia block a UN investigation if Assad was really innocent?
Because the UN is not who should be investigating this. The OPCW was supposed to be in the ground tomorrow. Why did the US block investigation into Gaza if Israel is innocent?
Because we’re Israel’s bitch thanks to the GOP
Just a reminder
ALWAYS A TWEET #SYRIASTRIKES 
Just pointing out Trump and Bernie are wrong. Small strategic strikes can be done without a declaration of war, and besides congress already issued two AUMFs authorizing US military to combat terrorism in the middle east.
It is also not at all clear whether Assad used chemical weapons or whether it was the Al-CIA-DA, I mean Al Qaeda affiliated rebels.
It was UK
No it definitely was Assad.

When you don't want to read the well researched argument so you just ignore it and pretend you're right 
And neither does Trumpster.
If it helps you listen to reason I didn't even vote Republican or for Trump and think he's a moron. But no matter who was in charge this is the response we would've gotten.

It wasn't illegal. It was NOT a deceleration of war.
cant you just be like, "war is bad"
Wrong as usual
C'est le moment que le congrès bât fort sur la table de Mr Trump et empêcher cette hostilité qui arrive s'est là panique ici Merci
Hey Bernie, Obama dropped 12,192 bombs on Syria in 2016 alone and no one said anything not even you. Hypocrite.
@Lynestel @nytimes Bernie oh Bernie why aren’t you president so their could be order in the world
So,if you were president you allow Assad to continue to use chemical weapons against its citizens?
Bernie your bed and straight jacket awaits you. Time to go check yourself in.
Trump is desperate. He orders strikes on Syria but shuts out the refugees. He has no pity for the suffering. This is to show everyone how much power he has because he feels weak, scared and out of control.
Don't confuse this administration with the last.

Trump is ONLY taking a stand against Syria because there is oil involved.
Some how the genocide in Rwanda, ‘Democratic’ Republic of Congo and other Central African countries is ignored...!
This will not have been the case if there were oil fields....
Not a declaration of war. How dare you accuse POTUS of illegal strike.  Glad you lost your bid to be Commander and Thief. Clueless you are.
Did you not know?
Trump “fired” Syria ...! 
And now he wants to use the trillions of dollars in deficit spending and tax cuts for the  wealthy 1o justify taking away my Medicaid and SNAP which he has the chutzpah to call "welfare". Congress we need to stop this criminal NOW!
Spoken like a true Socialist! Lets forget about the innocent lives over in Syria and cry over a few missiles.
What a fuckin joke!
Okay. Get approval for airstrikes you all were going to vote in favor of? Why bother?
You think we don’t know that you were all complaining because Trump did nothing and all ready to pounce on him because he did? . #BoringBernie #DEMOCRATSHATEAMERICA #VoterID #BlueToRed
He didn’t declare war!! Only@in the declaration of war is he required to get congressional approval! Time to go! You are DEEP STATE!!!
Ok Bernie
A Senator should know the difference between airstrikes and a declaration of war. And you wanted to be our President? You are clueless. Go and learn.
Where were you when @BarackObama declared a war in Yemen?  Hypocrite.
Trump can't police himself, let alone the rest of the world.
Thoughts, Senator?
Did he declare war? Nope.  Bernie, you need new staffers to handle your Twitter acct.
WATCH UK Media Cut Off General for Doubting Syrian Use of Chemical Weapons
https://www.facebook.com/EL4JC/videos/712694555788118/ …
Illegal, what a joke! I guess killing innocent people isn’t illegal?
Whether I agree with or not regarding a military strike; the difference of a strike & a declaration of war are 2 different things. Even you know this Mr. Sanders. Shame on you for trying to spin it in direction of deceit. Will you cast the same judgment on France & UK?
Where were you then?
There you go again Bernie....mumbling with spittle at the edge of your mouth is not a good look even for you...detracts from the confused marxist blather & assorted other lies that spill from your little mind
Браво Сандерс ! Готовьтесь к выборам президента. Россия тебе поможет ! 
Those are advisor missles.
I can imagine a world where Bernie is president and bombing Syria right now, and Trump has written a similar tweet.
Except Obama launched weapons against 5 nations including the one Trump just bombed where Obama put boots on the ground without an AUMF and Obama started a genocide in Yemen without an AUMF.

It's a bit late. "Obomba" ran out of bombs in 2016 and no Democrat said a word.
NO ONE SHOULD HAVE AUTHORIZATION TO START BOMBING ANOTHER COUNTRY THAT HASN'T ATTACKED US.
"Trump's illegal and unauthorized strikes"
Kucinich/Wexler his ass.
The Flip side: Congress & Senate could CONSTITUTIONALLY declare war against a Nation, Failed Nation, or Leader & Group. Then it would be the Executive branch’s responsibility on how to respond.
Please lock up Thump.
You didn't care when Bush did it, and Obama. Or did you?
Does that make this time okay?
They all need held accountable. And absolutely not.  Just more proof Trump is also part of the deep state shadow gov.  His actions speek loudly. Louder than what he totes as Q.
Now Russia can attack the US without violating any international law. Damn
But why would Russia decide to attack the US?  Would they really make that decision based on US Allies taking out chem weapons?

3 members of the un security council uk france and us just did airstrike the general assembly dosent have power and if punishment does happen the 3 will just use their veto powers
Was it still illegal when Obama did it? Where was your tweet? Must have missed it. 
This is NOT WAR Asshole - they are 1 time targeted strikes/ he doesn’t need ANYONE’S PERMISSION
Someone needs to take a course in international law.
Actually congress already signed two AUMFs allowing us to combat terrorism in the region. He is within his leg rights...same as Obama when he called in bombs.
Is that not the same thing he he criticzed obama for? Did we not learn from irak and lybia? Ppfff
Come on Bern the potus can order strikes just like Obama did the whole time.
They were both violating the Constitution in order to do so.
First of all we are not at war and second as along as there are boots on the ground in syria Our President doesn't need to run to you DC rats to ask permission for this one time strike. So do us a favor and please zip it
It's called an "object lesson".....You should know what THAT is-  Your hero Joe Stalin killed 20 million of his own people as an "object lesson"....But it's only "o.k." when it's done by one of your communist "role models" right you lying fraudulent TRAITOR?
...and overthrowing governments!!!
... and nuclear weapons!!!
Yea congress is the last place that should be deciding on such important issues. They have made it clear that they're (90%) useless idiots. Congress needs to be drained and filled with clean, honest people.
A pinpointed, limited action to punish and hopefully deter Assad from doing this again is appropriate, but the administration has to be careful about not getting us into a greater and more involved war in Syria. - Chuck Schumer
It is not an illegal strike. Stop spreading misinformation. It has been done many times before.

Section 4 and 5 of The War Powers Resolution
Bernie, Congress ceded this power to the office of POTUS decades ago. You should know this. Congress should take back that power, but until they do they have made it legal for presidents to unilaterally make war in this way.
@nytimes really?30 years+ in government but don't know warpowers act gives @POTUS the power for any military actionunder 60 days
When compared with how USA responded to violation of fundamental rights of people living countries considered as USA allies, Trump response in Syria is nothing but an excuse to look after and further USA interest.
America has ordered , not him. Like before and whoever was in power. The powers beyond wage war because they control everything happening #allfuckers , everyone of them! All about the ££££ #greedandpower #populationcontrol #evilmegarichbastards
Congress is absolutely incompetent and  “work” about 10 days a year. We aren’t waiting on you to come back from your beach house to #resist. You don’t understand the Constitution and Trump is well within his rights as Commander in Chief.
And if @POTUS @realDonaldTrump hadn’t acted against Putin’s puppet regime in Syria, you wouldn’t have accused the President of being Putin’s puppet himself, right? Sure...

You’re a mindless, meaningless mouthpiece for the hapless, hopeless anti-Trump cabal. Fade away, please...
