Get out of Afghanistan and watch the flow of drugs decrease. Government would have to fine themselves as they are one of the biggest importers.
यासमीन मैडम कैसी हो जय श्री राम बड़े दिनों में याद किया कहां चली गई थी सब खैरियत है प्रभु श्री राम आपका भला करें जय श्री राम जय राम जी की मैडम यासमीन
अभी हमला हुआ था माननीय प्रधानमंत्री सर जी के नेतृत्व में चीनी मिसाइलों का प्रयोग किया गया और चीनी मिसाइल से ही डाला गया पाकिस्तान के होश उड़ गए
Why? Individuals must be held accountable for the choices. The companies that manufacture these drugs do so for medical reasons, not for abuse of their products.  or is that too factual for ur hitlerian worldview?
Didn't take long for Godwin's law to kick in here... derp.
Socialist and leftists have the same values and policies as the socialists of old... and using “derp” while arguing for my “overuse” and “extreme” meme interaction kinda plays into Mr. Godwin’s thoughts on his “law”. 
I don't think you know anything about anything, Mr. Murica. LOL
Wow. Your intellect is beyond all belief. Your tact and skill in political discourse are so far out of my league I feel... wel, nothing as you brought nothing but silly meme-like responses. 
Says the man who believes he lives in a "communist" state.

You know zilch about communism or socialism, but like to use them as buzzwords. Go away.
Communism: the government owns and distributes the resources at its whim(USSR, Cuba, Cambodia)
Socialism: essentially communism (Nazi germany, Venezuela, and many places where the US pays for their defense budgets)
Essentially communism? LOL I accused you of ignorance, and you backed me up! Thanks!
Yasmeen, where does the opium that plagues our nation come from?
They should also get the same prision sentence handed out to drug lords, that's the only way it will change.
You don't understand what you are supporting. These people are complete LIARS:
Even epidemic scale problems have roots. Bernie means well his approach may save lives. But its roots are deeper more pervasive then a $fine
The @AmerMedicalAssn original goals? Pushers of Pills, #opioids,  surgery omitted Muscle Care Cures for #ChronicPain! A Ponzi Scheme with huge windfalls profits, Godlike, alters pure science analysis, So 25% care is FACT vs 75% FANTASY! We've allowed the BIRTH of a NEW RELIGION!
How about some prison time?
how does he address this?

Afghanistan's opium production has almost doubled this year compared to  2016, while areas that are under poppy cultivation rose by 63 percent

https://www.cbsnews.com/news/afghanistan-opium-production-2017-un-poppy-cultivation-jumps/ …

is he saying US troops should leave afghanistan and stop protecting poppy growers?
Bernie Sanders has been for pulling out of Afghanistan for about a decade... So yeah. However this post is talking about prescription Opioids
Well after Big Pharma Bro who donated to Sinister Bernie goes to prison, now comes Senator Bernie Sanders with a bill that is most likely DOA ? What took so long Senator ?
Kill the innovative US drug companies so that my country and China can produce advanced drugs in medicine
that would hurt the people in pain that needs this medication, its the doctors that need accountability stupid sanders
Thank God
That’s the way to go
Don’t forget about the doctors that way over prescribe and refuse to consider other means of pain relief.
Does this mean anyone that suffered through withdrawls caused by workman comp or other medical facilities that caused great hardship to us citizes
Time somebody did it..thank God for Bernie!!!
He finally gives a shit about gun violence too!
#BerniePanders
I HAVE TO SAY THAT I AM ON A OPIOID AND I FIND IT CRUEL AND INHUMANE TO PUNISH THE PEOPLE WHO TAKE THIS DRUG AND DON'T ABUSE IT I GET DRUG SCREENED AND FOLLOW ALL THE RULES AND REGULATIONS I FEEL I SHOULDN'T HAVE TO GIVE UP WHAT WORKS FOR ME
you sound addicted.
You sound like you're headed for a fall followed by suffering through what you're sowing.  Good luck you're gonna need it.
Been there done that, I took Advil and called it a day. :)
Really you had Titanium put in your neck, leg & wrist & then called it a day.  Look up Psychopath symptoms & read what you tweet, then again that particular pathology has the effect of rendering you unable to understand what I just said hence your conundrum.
Sorry u had bad luck, bud. but it’s not like your abusing the meds, I mean other people are and they don’t need access to them. You obviously do.
@drjudymelinek , @D_L_Wolfe what are your thoughts regarding this bill?
Does it include funding for rehab?
Yeah I can’t really comment too much until I know all the specifics.  I do think like Dr Melinek said, rehab has to be a huge component. I do think decreasing frivolous Rx for opiates will help over the long run.
Fuck yeah!
I suffer from chronic pain and have taken myself off of them. All I can say is that the pain is horrendous.
How about freeing all marihuana users from the private jails first?
Lol.Senator BS, what took so long ??
Or he could just, you know, take cannabis off of shedule one and let it be a federally recognized medicine. Maybe help fix the problem, but nah.
I Cannot Really See the Corporations in Office ......I Mean I Cannot See Politicians in Office Passing This Bill!
We need this for all medications, not just opioids. While most medications don't carry the addiction issues, many are still marketed under false pretenses.
But, will he get the votes to pass it?
Bernie might want to invest in a "Scott Pruitt special" SUV w/ the bullet-proof seats
Not enough 7.8 billion is a drop in ocean should be 700 billion only way they would hurt sorry to say
This is stupid, ineffective, vague, and will do nothing. And, of course, Bernie knows all of that just as much as he knows it won’t pass.
Surly Bernie slipped in some pork, dem's can't write clean bills. Bernie is a democrat, he ran as one, he votes in the senate as one!
if @BernieSanders had made any genuine attempt at establishing a relationship with @POTUS , then he would most likely have Trump's support on his bill. #opioidcrisis #OpioidEpidemic #BigPharma
If you want to combat the opiate epidemic, re-legalize heroin and treat addiction as public health iissue instead of making use and possession a crime.
That’s a rather pointless bill. I challenge anyone to find a company that has marketed an opioid as non addictive
But keep borders open for the cartels to bring in the "good stuff"? And vote for you too while they're here.
How dense do you have to be tockmment something like this? I’m so sick of old ass people who picked their poison and now y’all want to come in and push your defunct agenda that didn’t even work for y’all. Move over. We’re taking our country BACK from old guards.
Tockmment.
Fat fingers.
 okay
It sure would be great if Bernie would step up and bring forward  bills that have a chance of passing instead of those that pander to his base.
Way to dodge the point of my comment chicken shit.
Hefty fine but honestly prison would be much better.
Will Pharma Pig @CoryBooker support?
Hey Bernie, maybe we could improve on the prescription drug process. Maybe it's too easy.
Great to see your mentioning the real source of the problem, but I would think a much bigger ramping of social and network media would have been done to prevent it being ignored.  I hope it gets consideration on both sides of the isle, and get passed.
Amazing he got off his ass after 9 years of vacation. Socialism controls the public drugs anyways he's just getting  practice. How about stopping street opioid from coming over the border also?
Yeah but he's not a democrat so checkmate
This article is bizarrely written. 

Glad Bernie is strategically setting legislation in place that works for real people.
PLEASE be careful not to throw the baby out with the bathwater.  If you have suffered from severe chronic pain, and are restricted from taking other pain meds like nsaids, you might appreciate a cautious approach. @SenSanders
Do heavy dose cannabis oil. Even if that didn’t work then maybe try a low dose opiate. It shouldn’t be prescribed to youth/young adults for injuries, tears, broken bones. It gets them addicted for life
#Kratom
Hold on, to solve a problem, you have to do something?
@NatalieElsberg @Reuters 
Take a look at the only adult in the room......
This is actually good legislation that might be avail....
how is it the pharm companies responsible for your popping pills?  wtf happened to personal responsibility?
Marketing 80mg pills of oxycodone and downplaying their addictiveness should be a crime. Most patients have no idea what they're getting into. This is not about personal responsibility.
OR, we could seal up the Border !
@60Minutes did a show on this epidemic. It’s not just the manufacturers that are at fault. Hopefully the legislations targets the drug wholesalers and distributors also. They are profiting from prescription fraud.
How's about making them fund programs to get those who become addicted to prescription opiods off and prevent them buying street heroin which is cheaper and more dangerous
What a waste of time when "just say no" is so clearly effective.
Just remember this is more evidence @SenSanders is racist, sexist, and doesn't like mimosas. Oh and he eats baby kittens for breakfast.
Music to my ears!!!
Why not the doctors?
@SenSanders @Reuters Yet Trump & GOP keep selling the Mexican gang lies. Big Pharma is responsible. Profit before good.
Good
The real drug dealers
From the tiny description of this bill in the article seems like this is just more BS from #BernieSanders. How about you make a bill that's more than just limiting advertising. Until I read it myself this is just more BS from a looser politician trying to save a doomed career
It won't pass.  Too many of them are being paid off by drug companies.
It'll be a good way for more people to weed out which politicians prefer profit over people, hopefully
Senator Sanders:   Good luck and much success in introducing the opioid legislation.
Yeah, fuck those people in pain!!!
Wonderful,  those honest people that will need pain medicine  won't be able to get it, but the addict dope heads that don't will still find a way to get it.

Politicians are idiot's.
Should have been this way from day 1 for all drugs....they lie and addict the public every day...get 'em @SenSanders ! And put some of them in jail....they knew, it's murder.
And thus, those that vote against it or piss on it are going to be the ones that need voted out or need primaried. Bring a spotlight to public perception and see what these politicians are really for.
Bravo, Bernie!  They’ve lied & their reps cozy up to drs.  to prescribe the stuff.  They should be held accountable & pay for some of the clean-up.  They’ll undoubtedly deduct it from their taxes anyway.
Thank you, Bernie.
Call your senators about this bill.
I heard some hospitals can’t get pain meds for their patients. We don’t want people who have their appendix removed treated with the saying “no pain, no gain.”
As someone w chronic, debilitating pain, this greatly concerns me. The war on drugs has become the war on patients. I fear this will have unintended consequences for patients. Offer treatment to ppl, destigmatize addiction. Make narcan widely available.
Prove to me that this won't come back to hurt people who need access to effective pain relievers and I will be on board, but I have seen people who need pain medication not be able to get it and I don't see how this helps them.
That would be me. Also insurance now decides if we hurt enough, not doctors. In Vermont they have doctors restricting pain medications AFTER surgeries. As usual, the little guy suffers. I guarantee that doctors and family who have pain issues have no problem getting relief.
Hmm. Do you think Congress' corporate overlords will allow such a thing? Seems as though it might cut into their profit margins. I don't see it happening.
BERNIE2020
king
Because in the wacky world of progressives it’s never the fault of the incurably stupid...
Because in the real world drug manufacturers have already pleaded guilty to lying about their product's addictive potential.
Pharmaceutical lobby is the biggest spender on capital hill, so I doubt this would happen, but @SenSanders is showing some courage and backbone on this.
Thought it was NRA, no wait it’s the fuel/ energy industry, no wait, this just in, PACs spend the most, no wait it’s.....
Thanks for pointing out that there are several groups to blame. I agree that we need to go after the fuel/energy industry, PACS, and the NRA as well. The idea that we have legal bribes in this country is awful. (Yes, I know you were being sarcastic, I am smarter than you).
We need OUR MONEY BACK
Go Bernie!! <3
Crazy

Dems release criminal illegal aliens and refuse to enforce federal immigration law

Several Dem states support recreational drugs in violation of federal law

Now they want to pass a law so they can fine drug companies

Which is it, rule of law or selective enforcement?
Big Pharma are the worst opiate drug dealers in the market
About time! And take notes again on the spineless Democrats. Kamala, Corey, Nancy, Chuck etc. We see. 
Which will be passed on to the people that actually use the drugs out of necessity. Need to start launching some of these fuckers into prison. Not the only business that has put profit above the welfare of people. Start making examples of greedy people/businesses
Corey Booker will vote against it, watch.
Probably.
That's a good way to stop pharmaceutical companies from providing the pain relieving drugs so many people desperately need.
So you're okay with them peddling opioids? Listen, we'll take a chance.
What they produce far outstrips the level of patient need.
The bill has criminal liability for pharmaceutical CEOs.

Bernie Sanders probably won’t get co-sponsors for the bill unless that section is removed.
That's sort of the point. We should seen who votes against it.
And for somebody as politically seasoned as Bernie Sanders, introducing all of these sorts of bills like he did recently helps regular people see who really is against no-nonsense legislation to help the people.
Yes yes yes
GOP will kill this bill.
Yes, I doubt Mitch McConnell will let a vote on it take place.   We’ll have to take back the Senate in November for this bill to possibly get a vote.
Seems to make more sense than punishing the drug addicts

