You “global warming climate changers” are Al Gore style brainwashed
Wouldn't want anyone to question your beliefs now would you???
It’s a believe as much as a belief in a round earth. When all the scietific evidence points in one direction, usually the only block to progress is idiots like you
Anger at questioning....am I an infidel?  Fanatic
Anger at stupidity and ignorance. Anyone who has the audacity to ignore sure as overwhelming majority of scientists should go and look online. Also sources have been provided
Translation: "Infidel!"
It's actually now confirmed that 99.94% or scientists believe in climate change and that it is caused by human action.
They actually predict the real figure is closer to 99.99%.
Climate deniers are idiots.
Probably 100%.  Anyone that tries to objectively look at natural climate is fired.  Because that's good science.
Objectively look at the ocean's circulations slowing, which is disrupting Earth's natural heat distribution system. Climate change is real.
Ocean currents have changed = man made climate change.  That's lefty science summed up.
Wonder who funds these republicans. Not like big oil and gas is a MASSICE donor to the Republican Party. You stupid prick
Another soy boy hero... probably lives with parents.
 another youtube right cunt who has a triggered feminist in his profile pic! Desperate fucking idiot 
Another zealot who is angered when anyone questions his beliefs.
I’m fairly certain he believes there is a climate.
There is no global warming people
I'll support the notion of maintaining Earth's habitability, when the rest of you support the use of genetic modification and climate control technologies to optimize ourselves for maximum adaptability, and the climate and ecosystem optimized to suit us.
Agreed.
*kooks
What a couple of looks
I have the solution. Get rid of humans. Start with the sky is falling leftys. Then illegals. Neuter the no nothing's. Stop all fossil fuels so no one has a job,except undertakers TheBernie will be happy.
“no nothings” is this a careless mistake or are you a know nothing?  You seem to be very challenged in English vocabulary and grammar.  Is English a second language for you?
Yes... some one please do something... this is crazy.. how is Congress and Senate allowing this...we will take this to voting polls..if we are not bombed!!!
I agree with you because your right and a lot of people don't understand the situation on this subject nor matter. It's all about climate..
All deniers need voted out of public office.
Kook
Why not? You are such a progressive that different points of view are intolerable? Very progressive and of course inclusive of you...fascism comes to mind..
snow in april global “warming” dos’nt exist
No.... haven't you heard? Global warming CAUSES snow you silly!

Oh, wait -that's why they changed the term to "climate change" from the previous religious term "global warming" cuz they realized it didn't fit their agenda.
Thanks.
Whaat? Half the government denies it
We need climate change to better position ourselves in the global economy
#KochWorld No More!!! #climate #health
Wow -- hateful, racist, the whole nine yards!
Oh a name caller! No tangible argument?
Investing in alternative enenergy makes us less dependant on oil and gas from backward countries and their dictators
Yet republicans and giant PUDs fight that and pass laws to block consumers from using things like rooftop solar last election 15 states had bills to outlaw rooftop solar... no one owns the sun... no one
Look who is sounding like a bully today!  Bad coffee day?  Labels for everyone, racist, hateful! Science is settled!  FOE is everything they are claiming to oppose. Scary
I'm sure if this is true Bernie friends did real good to. Since over 50% of Senators are millionaires they did ok to. I did well and got a bags of crumbs. I'm not ever a thousandaire.
Hateful racist extremist!  Any more buzz terms you want to pile on there?
They are all apt and wow meaningful.
Pompous Pompeo will start WW3
... and over oil
