I Love watching Vice, and I love supporting Bernie's plans. Just saw the news piece, love the idea of expanding postal services! Businesses thrive by pivoting for consumer needs!
2014
You keep tweeting this. You know Warren didn't invent the idea either right?

Here's Sanders trying to save USPS in 2013 too. He evidently cares about the issue.
Indeed, they both do! I wasn't hearing her name enough in the conversation, so I reminded people of her work on this issue.
Yep, fair enough.
#Bernie2020
Don't really care what Bernie thinks on just about any topic
#CleanWater 
70% of Chicago’s water is full of lead. 

•- https://youtu.be/WAeH7Mmbqww 

#SecularTalk
Bernie has spoke out about this many times & also went to Flint.  Where r all the other Senators? That's right they only pop up at election time and feed you their bs and sadly people fall for it.Bernie is fighting for everyone! Call your reps & tell them to get off their asses!
So now I won’t watch Vice tonight.  Bernie Sanders represents only Bernie Sanders.
How’s the weather down there with your head in the sand?
Yesss!! Checking accounts please! Gotta find my Japanese PO checking paraphernalia. It was 1998-99, they already had direct cash ATM deposits. You’d stick your registry book into the ATM & it would print out info from the transaction. Best banking experience of my life.
#socialism #killtherich #Bernie2020
You and the Bern are friends again?
Yes!! I love watching Bernie discuss issues. 
Is there a replay? I saw your tweet an hour too late!
and what about #Syria
We should get rid of the post office to be honest. Those folks can get jobs at FedEx or UPS. The post office is an antique that needs to go.
You are so wrong. The PO delivers to every house every day. FedEx, UPS only deliver when it is profitable. Where does that leave rural customers?
Must need part time job.  Senators in the poverty level?
ask him why he voted yes on Fosta and sesta . a bill that puts all legal sex workers in danger
Who is trying to cancel out the US postal system?
2014
Ya this is dumb. They can't even deliver packages much less manage money. Now we want them to be a bank? No thanks.
I do not know where you get your information from, but the USPS has a better delivery record than both UPS and FedEx. They have also have been increasing profits by about 15% per years
Está  bien eso de envolver regalos de navidad, pero prefiero salir a la calle a pedir pan, trabajo y dignidad.
More,free stuff. Remembering this

The national conversation was about 3 tweets from trump. People forgot about that a long tome ago
If he were rapping about talking holiday gifts, I'd quit making dinner in favor of popcorn.
Hell ya
