While the internet has been an enormous source for good, all that convenience and connection comes with a price. Our privacy has been invaded in an unprecedented way and in a manner that would have been unthinkable even 20 years ago.
Companies today know every aspect of a person’s life—where they go, what they do, their medical and financial records, whom they talk to, what they buy—and use that information to make billions in profit.
This nation needs a serious conversation about the proper role of these companies. Should Facebook, Google and Amazon be allowed to control so much of the internet? How do ordinary citizens benefit from the internet without seeing an invasion of their personal lives?
This is an issue that impacts virtually every American. The American people have a right to know how companies are profiting from our information.
I say if ur right handed considering how the world works , we need mass genocide of right handers and God bless lefties
All good when the social media machine works for the left,  but when it works for the right too? Better nip that shit real quick, amirite....
This is BS! USA has been invading  other countries privacy for decades and now they care about what facebook shares? The government has invaded citizens privacy already. You guys know what GPS does, don’t you?
Why are Senate Dems retweeting Bernie Sanders? Did he become a Democrat?
https://www.democrats.senate.gov/ 
Bernie Sanders the Senate Democrats' Chairman of Outreach, you can see his name under where it says "leadership" at the bottom of the page. (You can also see his picture attached to the link that says "what we stand for")
Fascinating credentials — but we look at behaviors, actions and words, or lack thereof.
Seeing as nearly half of Americans (and increasing) are independents, maybe worry a little more about what he stands for and a little less about the letter behind his name?
Like not meaningfully helping any Democrats running for small offices?



I do not think citizens have problems with Mark Zuckerberg!!! But all of us have lost and continue losing our time when we spend most of our time on internet instead of fellowship with the creator God! 
It seems that all these internet companies came to still &destroy our living.
That is, if you believe that God exists. If there is no God, then you’re not losing time by being on the internet.
Zuckerburg will never give up his power to manipulate people's life's.
But he had released yours and theirs' data to some mafia
"If there is technological advance without social advance, there is, almost automatically, an increase in human misery, in impoverishment."
— Michael Harrington, The Other America, 1962
Truly disappointing; even as Zuck testifies, a group or lawmakers flush with Facebook cash are Hell-bent to gut Illinois privacy protections.
Shut the hell up Bernie.
What's wrong, too many cooks in your kitchen?
He met privately with the senatorial committee yesterday. How serious can any of this possibly be? YOU ALL ARE CORRUPT AS HELL! Only in Trump do we trust! #maga
You’re crazy if you place your trust in him....
Who trump? You go ahead and trust Bernie Sanders. He’s sure to put your grandkids and great grandkids in debt before they are even born, and why? For the good of the Democrat Party. The people come last in their world.
Trump and his cronies already did that with this tax scam of theirs.
Sadly, no one asking the questions (that were written for them) has any clue what the internet is or why Facebook is so popular.  #congress sounds like some of the most out of touch people I've heard in a while.  Kind of like trying to explain 'lectricity to my mom.
Hi Bernie - How’s the investigation into you and your wife’s fraud going ?
You must be GOP
No Dem would use a right wingers smears
Let's not leave out Corporations and International Investment Firms!

Love you Bernie!
Thank you Senator.  This must be the beginning !
Old people should making these laws though.  We need an independent regulatory commission that requires all members to prove their competency in the tech they are governing.  @LindseyGrahamSC is too stupid to even understand the notion that Facebook and Twitter are different
Yes, selling peoples private information for money is evil
This was no error or accident from Facebook. This is their business model. And bribed politicians won't ban that.
Also, consider at the same time overturning the FCC order revoking net neutrality.
Yes, agree. People need to be held responsible for social media in all forms when they cause harm and disrupt people’s lives with their actions and words.  Let the courts examine and make law to keep social media free but hold individuals and groups accountable. Stop harassment.
Boy do I agree!
Zuckerberg has to be indicted he violated the privacy of millions of FB users knowingly sold private information he didn’t care then and doesn’t care now.
Hmmm, perhaps we should cancel our FB accounts till he actually does something beside apologize and offer to have his team get back to questions he found difficult.  Time for a new social media platform that cares about our privacy as much as Zuckerberg cares about his!
Where was the outrage by the Democrats when Facebook gave the 2012 Obama campaign information on all its users.
Who's going to ask him about the FREE data he gave to the Clinton and Obama campaigns? My guess is no one.
Link?
As far as I know he won't even hand over the email addresses the Democrats have been drooling about for going on close to 2 years now

Pls. stop having your events on Facebook. I refuse to use Facebook, and so do many others. Although Twitter isn't much better, it is better than Facebook. Twitter still CENSORS, and pulls other dirty tricks. Maybe you can do something about that.
News Alert  your digital FB life is not your real life. go to a church a concert an event where you can meet REAL people. Too many FB junkies who are also responsible for living on FB. Your data was sold Pendejos!! Enuff said 
And our government, don’t you remember lied about data collection
Mark Zuckerberg is compared to Nigeria's Evans because he gets money and had the heads of Senate and U N O chiefs in his pocket.
#BernieSanders on #Facebook testimony:
Let’s face it, our laws (and representatives) are behind today’s technology.
Is a new technology but they have employees making desicions on who  can post and who to block, like any Co. there are good employees and bad apples. How can a minority member complain  for been discriminated by this Co or their employees.

We need more critical thinking and logic. You'll always have a platform that can be misused.
More government. Yeah that’ll fix it
Agreed, wait tweet needs access to your location, and,,and...
People have absolutely no privacy today 

Email
Phone 
Messaging 
Camera

They made the cloud sound great didn't they 

You can become the next Anthony Weiner overnight 

Now the real question 

Election integrity 
Let Zuckerberg fix the problem.  Most of these Senators don’t even know what questions to ask!
Don't disagree with the the you on much but disagree on this. Government meddling in social media is the last thing we need. What we need is to teach people to be responsible for their own actions including their own stupidity when it comes to social media use.
How about the dramatic impact of rigging the primaries by @HillaryClinton and @DWStweets ?
I disagree. You are mistaken to think that letting a sillion valley millionare determine what's hate speech or what's undue political influence is a good idea. 

Voices against banks & domestic dissent will be labeled hate speech/ bot/foreign influence if you leave it up to them.
The  only thing that the government should do is set the parameter of USER PRIVACY PROTECTION, inlcuding the privacy of those who say dispicable things.
Anytime, we go on line or digital footprint is out there open for anyone to track. Why persecute FB alone,  Google, Microsoft, etc are all out there tracking, even our own government and hackers. This is digital reality, make money off our privacy.
If we hold Facebook accountable for passively allowing fake news and hate speak then what of Fox News deliberately delivering it?
All the states that was stolen wasn't stolen they gave it go look at the DNC go look at Obama go look at Clinton everybody knows it
Shut up old man
Government doesn't need to regulate them, the user needs to regulate what they put out there. PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY.
Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook, Cambridge Analytica And Donald Trump All Should Have To Work Together And Pay Us a Good And Fair Price For Our Info Like start with 1-5 MILLION DOLLARS for Our Info which is only Fair they Used it to make Billions And a President that I did not Vote For
Why does it sound like the government is about to leach  from FB ... which of course the money is pulled from the company which is pulled from peoples 401ks and into The politicians pockets .....
We are getting closer to the truth. Sooner or later always the truth come to light. Amen
Why was it okay for @BarackObama to use exactly the same methods @realDonaldTrump used to collect data from social media with help from @facebook itself but it's wrong when @POTUS does it? Is the real problem that the right has started to figure out social media? Just curious.
#NetNeutrality
Stick to Vermont. There are real Democrats we can trust for the sake of the American people.
Like who? I’m willing to support some. Corey Booker bought by pharma. Very few democrats have reached the young voters that are screwed with loan shark student debt, sick who need universal healthcare, union members screwed by right to work. We need to end citizens united.
Kamala Harris is one.
I like her. One.
Schumer is a shill for war criminals Israelis who slaughter, torture and rape Palestinian children and their families.

Mr. President,  Please proceed with caution, but proceed.  Each nation has specialties that the other nations need. It's best when nations thrive through production and trade.
Simple solution. 
Step 1. Log on to Facebook.
Step 2. Delete your account.
Step 3. Enjoy the rest of your life.
I hate what we are calling internet technology!!! 
Here in Africa we are in advance with it.all info about me are http://known.my  phone number,my ID number, what I share ,what I post are easy controlled by the security agents !!no freedom in my privacies!!! Oh my God!!!!!
You can not imagine how I spend most of my time on reading nonsense messages online instead of reading my bible. shame to me.
Anyway how can someone use info of others during election! Is it true? You mean Americans voted on Facebook?? Me too I need to know what happened.. No now
Facebook,google,Amazon&all internet suppliers&sites should have an international code governing them &their usage,applicable to ALL countries.About time they learnt how unholy, illegal&unethical it is to violate &compromise personal data of innocent users
Can’t find anything in the constitution about the federal government’s power to determine what private companies can do with information than has been given to them willingly.
Please inform people about two and multi factor security. 2FA and MFA it's easy to setup and help protect their info from beaches
“The government must take control of one of the greatest American success stories in history!!”  Says an old, Red, Marxist who has no idea how Facebook works.
Technically he just called for more debate and a more direct conversation. He didn't say nationalize Farcebook.
Screw your “first steps” and “beginnings” and speak out against Syrian war mongering!
We need a user-owned social media platform the chairs and gives everyone a fair voice and full transparency.
SteemIt
Class action lawsuit; repay the users impacted $87mil by the carelessness of Mark Zukerberg and Facebook, we cannot keep over looking these issues!!!
But first our elected officials need to understand a little more about tech. Watching the #Zuckhearings was painful. Continuing education classes and online tutorials are a thing. A little IT awareness goes a log way.
It was more like a schmooze-fest. Not a big fan of @tedcruz but he put the weasel on the spot.
Senator as Face book has lost a lot of money already Zuckerberg has not still not come clean as to how many  millions of Face book users were breached by Cambridge Analytical whose London offices were raided after a High Court order
He Zuckerberg has already refused to appear before a Select committee under the British Parliament
Nice 
Bernie, WHAT ABOUT THE IMPACT THAT TWITTER HAS ON OUR SOCIETY I AM HOPING THAT YOU OR SOMEONE WILL SEE THIS TWEET!SEVERAL OF MY TWEETS AGAINST OUR PRESIDENT HAVE VANISHED INTO THIN AIR! IT WOULD APPEAR THAT TWITTER IS CENSORING MY TWEETS!I HOPE THIS ISN'T A SIGN OF OUR TIMES!
Went to my FB "what advertisers have your info" you'd think I'd have lots of progressive pages, NOT ONE but I did have DJT, Pence, make MN Red, CA republicans and Barbara blows kisses and flips you the bird Boxer. How? & they aren't ads, they are pages I've never seen or liked.
I like you, Bernie
I'm not impressed by what he has prepared to say, nor am I comforted by his new project that investigates influences on our elections using money from the #KochBrothers :-(
ALERT #Facebook announced a new initiative to “look at social media’s impact on elections” in part financed by one of the #Koch brothers, who has spent 100s of millions to undo our gov…
I agree. I do contents appraisals (basically online shopping) for insurance campanies for work, and theres nothing more frustrating to me that going on facebook and seeing ads for all the shit i was pricing out all day just reminding me of another day of work.
That's the first thing you have said that I agree with.
Translation: Democrats want to regulate Facebook and move to take over how it’s run and possibly even have the government in control of big corporations like this one. Nothing says efficient, protectors of rights and protectors of data like government......
Obama and gang did not think so Bernie Baby!
We both know that Mark is not the individual who should be answering questions,...
where were you in 2012 when Team Obama bragged about how savvy they were in using Facebook and even said "they were allowed to by Facebook because they liked us" ??  what a hypocrite!
Internet at large,not just Facebook.
Ya sea presidente de México, tío.
But, technological progress is still good. 

Let’s make sure the key messaging is not simply... let’s just not make progress as humans.
Bernie fb must take down the fb page under your name. Some of them are promoting violence and not adhering to your standard and you cannot police them all. It is not alright that some are preventing others fr free speech. We are nit socialist gov't & will never be .
Most of the vitriol and violent speech on Senator Sanders' Facebook page is put there by Clinton loyalists who just can't get over the fact that she lost and Sanders had nothing to do with it.
Bernie you gotta get your people into the FB game. We should have tons of progressive pages where they track but somehow we have none. We are tracked by republicans. They are sorely mistaken that if we can't have you we will hop to them. Dems too. #DemExit
I hope you don't believe one word out of this preppy-capitalist's mouth.  watching the hearing now (taped) I am floored that there is some sort of "celebrity-itist" overtaking the senate.  clear the air in there, bernie.  no body's thinking with a clear head.  it's almost may 1.
I think it’s politicians like you who wants social media regulated by the government so you can put what ever you want out there
Here you are on Twitter. LMAO!  Bernie... you are a clown.
Ask Obama, he knows a thing or two  about it.
Does anyone else see the irony in Congress complaining about breach of privacy when they refused to enact privacy laws?! What did they expect? #dotherightthing protect privacy!
Hindsight is 20/20 Bernie ;)
Facebook demands too much, if  Facebook is unable to obtain your phone # and related personal info, it would insist that you upload Government issued ID or anything that it can use to dig out all your info. Facebook makes living by selling user data.
Excuse me but who did NOT know or believe this to be true even before this was a “story?”  I call bullshit
We have bigger problems than Zucker. Time for our Govt checks and balances to start working. Stop Trump from starting a Syrian war!!
Im sure the Billionaires lawyers prepped him for days
I completely agree and Facebook needs to be held accountable for his actions..yes Mr Zucker..he started Facebook in a deceitful way made billions on lying. So now the Zucker executive team should be prosecuted. The only response the COO came up with is the user has to pay. Crooks
We the People need to be able to DELETE OUR ACCOUNTS. FACEBOOK DOES NOT ALLOW THAT TO HAPPEN! only allow us to deactivate but still house our data
Privacy was broken once you entered twitter.  MY OPINION A GOOD THING
No mention of twitter?
Not about the nation you schmuck.  Think about the world
Point 1 finger at someone and at least 3 point back.  Just stop arse crerping
The Democrats question their hero #laughs
They should not be able to sell our data,without consent. We should have the right to have out data purged
Why isn't he testifying under oath?

Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook: “It was just a prank” 
The Obama campaign used Facebook so what’s the big deal nobody forced anyone to participate in Facebook user did it on their own
another great task We The People should undertake is firing all of you lifetime senators who do nothing
and firing all democrats from our govt.
Next you’ll be tel” us hiel Trump right. Fuk off
All I saw in 2016 was videos of you shared by my friends in a grassroots campaign
Why is it only on CSPAN 3 ferchrissakes?

How about we all just delete Facebook?
I remember when lots of folk thought that AOL was the internet. I am afraid that these old codgers Now believe that @facebook is !!! @Styx666Official   Lol
Needs to be a cooperative. Run for the good of the people. Not for profits for shareholders. Constant demand for ever increasing revenue = data problems and abuses. Cooperative could even do good with use of transnational data for healthcare and public health.
What a joke! FB donated money to 85% of the congressmen he is testifying in front of

Please start a third party in 2020
Yes@! cause another victory for Trump. Brilliant idea.
Yes@! Voting for a party that actually represents my interests instead of a sell out, war mongering, corporate controlled party of moderate Republicans that are sometimes cool with gay marriage and abortion. Brilliant idea.
