#FEELTHEBURN #epilepsyawareness #LUPUS #Fibromalgia
YES IVE BEEN AGREEING WITH THIS
Oh Bernie, Bernie, Bernie.  Hannity is going to clean the floor with you.  You've got the focus of an Irish Setter.  Make all your tweets about campaign finance reform and you've got a shot.  FOX can't touch you if you stay focused on draining the swamp. (don't like, retweet)
The time was 50+ years ago but better late than never.  Go!
WTG Bernie I stand with you all the way
Attempts to decriminalize marijuana has been an effort for the last 50 years. Come on, LET'S GET IT DONE! Enough already,
This is called buying lefties votes. You all know this will never pass the senate floor. It’s just noise
So this is going to make the USA better. Bernie as usual your ignorance is impressive
How about getting the ridiculous ban on hemp growing removed? We can import all the help products we want. The Founding Fathers grew hemp. A person would have to smoke like an acre of it to get high. Completely stupid ban on a product that has many uses.
Opiod crisis can be over with a little help of a natural plant. No one ever died of a marijuana overdose! And it’s taxable 
This bill is long over due. Its always dumbfounded me on how we have the legalization of alcohol (the worse drug out there) and cigarettes but yet marijuana is illegal. There is so much good that will come with the legalization of marijuana. You go, .r. Sanders!

This from Vermont, which has become a drug highway from Canada/NY to the coast.
Thank you i m very support that for medication use childrens and much more that God s made that
another dope head at the white house
Why?  So YOU can smoke it freely in your office WITHOUT being penalized?  And how about some companies who have a ZERO TOLERENCE policy for their employees?
It's about time... It's about justice..... think what this bill could accomplish! It's a bill that needs to be openly and honestly discussed, pros and cons, with level-headed, intelligent people who can actually affect change. 
At least follow this.
Yes, let’s feel the Beeeern
#Bernie2020



Allowing a monopoly on the state's wind power means higher utility bills http://dlvr.it/QR1SR9  
Oh now you want to be on the band wagon
Come to Portland Senator. I will personally give you a proper primer on 21st Century cannabis. It's not 60's -70's stock.  The cannabis suits will explain medicine, science behind, and profit making,  but not the culture of legal cannabis, pro and con relative to real people.
Count me in! Let's make a change!
Bravo Bernie!
When you are finally president and legalize marijuana like my Prime Minister did for all of Canada, I will paint you a portrait like I did for him!  :->
YES!Yes! Yes!
More druggies is a good thing right @BernieSanders
Good for you....now if you could just step away from your Marxist ideology
Remove the provision that allows convicts to sue the State & you’ll have more support. It’s one thing to expunge, but they should NOT be rewarded financially for breaking the law. They chose to possess or use knowing it was illegal. No lawsuits, but expunge their Records. 
Do it! And make it a clean bill
Yesss. ♡
Alcohol is legal so why not Pot?? When was the last time u heard of a stoned driving causing s wreck?? Maybe found passed out in s Parkin lot  or side of the ride??
You’re obviously on it with your policies
Right. Because a stoned populace is an easier controllable populace. Less resistance when you come for their other freedoms.
You were against it until u see all the tax money you can steal.
@SenSanders guess you're just looking for ways to bankrupt the state and drum up votes. Keep it classy Bernie you're making it easier for conservatives
About time, marijuana only helps people relax and cure people of cancer! It's a proven fact! British lady riddled with cancer started taking cannabis oil, & the THC cured her cancer! It attacks and kills the cancer cells! Best pain relief as well!
Bernie and Peel? Love it, great way to reach the youts of this country!
Why ppl make such a big deal ????alcohol is worse .states could  defently use the money they just closed 2 schools in my county. would save money from prisons and jails and money from taxes.
Excellent work gentlemen. This citizen has never supported the incarceration of pot users. The very notion is ridiculous. Legalize it and tax it. Set your citizens free.
Exactly. If anything, this will reduce the prison population (expense for the country) and provide more tax revenue (income for the country). The sad thing is that even something so obviously positive like this will probably never work in a capitalist society such as the US.
It's what the American Indians called "peace pipe.  It is healing.
Decriminalize it! Remove it from Schedule 1. To deny people like me with Multiple Sclerosis a natural remedy with few side affects for our many symptoms all while BigPharmas gets rich while we suffer without a cure is the real crime.

BERNIE IS A GOD
Thank you for fighting for the American people and our military heroes.
PTSD is a super serious problem!
Did I boot up this morning into an alternative universe where @BernieSanders makes a rational point and... ohhhh, he wants the ruling class to keep the stolen money, just use it on his ideological agenda.
Then ALL the dems can be stoned!

This bill makes alot of sense! Thanks again
Hard to believe we now celebrate the use of drugs.

https://twitter.com/mlbosin/status/987025375136907265?s=21 …
Now we know what’s wrong with you.
$$$$$

Someone that has smoked marijuana all there life VS someone who has drank alcohol all there life  I dought the person who has been drinking alcohol would live to see 50
And that’s on the Blue flag


We have better reasons to put people in jail than the one offense of possession and/or selling Marijuana. I am with Bernie and Chuck.
If you use it responsibly weed is a beautiful life enhancing anti anxiety drug, hopefully there will be more research into weed and its benefits and more education to ppl on how to use it responsibly, the only smart way to go
Bernie, time for your daily dose of LSD-25.... Doctor/ Psychologist orders.
They want to decriminalize it nation wide when Colorado is looking at making it illegal again. Looks like there might be an issue here
Go Bernie, truth talker 
Drunk: Weed is bad.
Sane person: Dude your drinking alcohol, the worst thing ever, and it's part of our culture.
Now is time to focus on Nov elections NOT sue http://Russians.You  should sue DNC on how you were treated. Democrats don't know when or how to win elections. Help them focus forward,2016 election is over folks.
Just think the more of you south of the 49 smoke a little weed maybe you will be less likely to shoot each other!! I don’t smoke pot but seriously putting people in jail for a joint. Give your heads a shake!! We r moving on 
Would you ask @TheDemocrats to officially add it to their party platform?
they shouldn't need to be asked... 

big pharma doesn't want it, so the democrats are going to "avoid eye contact" on this one, for sure.
Will @UKLabour under @jeremycorbyn follow your lead like he said they would. Come on Bernie share some wisdom with #Corbyn UK could use some help.
If only @NYCMayor and @NYGovCuomo were as progressive. I mean... It's a natural plant that comes from the earth! Wth!
Help people that have drug problems, don’t condemn them
marley taught adherence to universal/spiritual laws.  in absence of these, he taught that man makes his "own" law.  cannabis has been, and is, legal for me.  all is well in my world.
Hemp and cannabis...
thank you Senator Sanders.
I may hate weed, and I’m never going to touch it, but i support freeing up some cops to take care of the real issues
The only time I've gone to the eye doctor, and they said my pressue wasn't high, was when I went to see him high, lol. It's medicine, though it can be fun. ;) Love you, @SenSanders
Of course you are.
Of course you enjoy anything that helps dumb down people who follow you
Beavis and Butthead
.@CoryBooker oddly enough is bought and paid for by #BigPharma, who are the main lobby against legalization. I’m not very inclined to believe anything he’s involved with on the matter.
Vote for Pompeo
Too bad Ole Bernie doesn't just go up in a puff of smoke, but where there is smoke maybe some fire. Vermont needs to fire him cause he's not only a pot belly socialist but a big fat pot head.
@RepJohnLarson I want you on this and other CT legislation. How do I go about this?
#Bernie2020 #HindsightIs2020
Legalization is long over due.
@JustinTrudeau 
You listened to the wrong people, we will remember 18 months from now
Our store CEO (Home Depot) made $11.3 million dollars last year.

His company has 800,000 employees.

His "salary's" dollar amount is more than 11 times the number of employees he has.

Just to put things in perspective.
Riding the train huh Bernie..? Lol
This one issue could galvanize the country to vote in 2018. Hope it tips the charts for the Dems.
Bong rips for Bernie
Ride on this, and you will win.
Thank you for trying to help - but right now we need to teach the poor white people - to stop believing the lies business the 1 % - they use fear to stop the dreams of the people in the USA
Yes! Anything that addresses the injustice of the disproportionate incarceration of people of color is a step in the right direction. Get rid of the prison profiteering and the criminalization of young black men! #HumanRights
So bank fraud is a pot head I knew it
How can we the people help with this?
Keep it illigal.
Maybe if they get some tax revenue from legalized cannabis they’ll put it towards the school system and future generations will know how to write ”illegal”.

Why didn’t u do it when u guys controlled congress? 
Yeah but what about Obama care what happened with that it’s your parties creation aren’t you going to fix it, and what about the poor dreamers?
Yes
I didn’t know marijuana needed justice.
The one thing that I completely disagree with you about-Consider the effect on the middle class and the schools
You better start using that tax money to improve mental healthcare, panic attacks treatment, divorced parents and destroyed families. You’ll have to highly tax that drug for that.  (And Maybe give out pizzas too)
The marijuana issue will be a decisive vote in the midterms.
that's the one thing about you politicians. rather than lower taxes you guys will always just find a way to spend every penny you've got
We are already morally decaying, that's right, speed up the process! Saw on Grey's Anatomy this week the extended high one can get from eating food that contains marijuana. Thanks to the producers of this medical drama for that!
My husband is a British citizen and was barred from entering the US because of marijuana. Barred. I was born in New Mexico and can't visit my family with my husband of 15 years. So unfair.  
@CoryBooker is trying to get in where he fits in, but it takes real courage to stand up to the Oligarchs. And I don't think he has that. We'll see tho
https://www.drugabuse.gov/publications/drugfacts/marijuana …
Finally Bernie doing something to help America.... even a blind squirrel finds a nut every once in a while!!
Yea that's what we need a bunch of stoners running around voting for who ever promised them "more weed man"

Has America not been dumbed down enough. Real truth you just want it legal for something new to tax to fill your pockets. Tax money is already being misused why add more?
this is the only thing you have ever said that made sense,your too damn old  to be in office,,,,retire please
same goes to trump
Thank you.
Please run again I have so many things I would love to say to you on a personal level do you realize how many people could be saved if marijuana was legal alcohol related deaths especially amongst diabetics would drop significantly
This would be good for those of us who need to grow industrial hemp for sustainable materials. Do it!
Thank you for taking the time to talk with regular people and listen to their concerns. People like my cousin & his wife, Justin & Jessica Cross of the Greater Portland Area of Maine. I support full federal legalization as prohibition has been an abject failure. Still Berning!
Start by calling it cannabis mate
I hate the stuff - it stinks and the smell carries memories of violent school days  - nevertheless it shouldn't warrant a criminal record in any way different to alcohol.
Outlaw anything used for recreational dope.
Bernie, now you're showing everybody why you're not President
Let's legalize all drug use and allow  the Darwin Effect to "Cull the Herd"!
Go Bernie!
Look at Booker pretending to be a progressive. Cute.~
That's great!  But be wary, Senator.  Cory Booker has taken Big Pharma donations nearly all his political career.  Make absolutely sure there are no provisions in this bill to allow Big Pharma to capture and monopolize the Cannabis industry.  That is essential!
pot will send some people into psychosis   i live in holland  all is free   but i have seen  very well educated people go into psychosis and end up vegetables   yes from pot   it is not safe   ask the netherlands or norway
 U Bernie 
...or even SenSanders may be supporting marijuana in recreational grounds for its use!
I guess SenSanders support of marijuana is on the basis of medicinal properties/particles it has!
Yes
Marijuana legal?  Really?  Now isn't that generous(SARCASM).  How about making opioids legal.  Do you know how much people need their pain medication.  Thousands of suicides because the pain is too great.   What's more. opioids don't make people high(are not psychedelic).
Bernie is Jesus 
We pay good money to lock ourselves up. 80 Billion per year, what a waste.
Why on earth aren't you our President?
NEVER!!!!!!!!! WE WILL WIN THE WAR ON THE DRUGS IF IT TAKES A THOUSAND YEARS!!!!!!!!!
Who want “pot heads” driving on our streets, teaching our children, in the operating rooms, and on our police force?
Let’s keep our democratic country without that law!!
What anti-freedom nonsense. People already safely use it without any negative effect on those things, so why criminalize them? You have no right to be concerned with what people do in their private time, they are no greater risk than someone having a glass of wine in the evening.
Go on America to destroy your youth. When teens get high and do more dangerous and commit crimes then you will regret but it will late and you all be responsible for it
Before we go about legalising it and selling it everywhere, let’s revisit the cases ethnic minority women and when incarcerated for selling it. Let’s get them out and on the right track.
Spot on...long overdue
Meanwhile Trump is working on Syria problem, Russia problem, China and N. Korea and doing great.  What Bernie doing? Pushing pot.
Cancer patients,   people with severe arthritis , fibromyalgia , chronic pain etc... do not use marijuana to have a good time.  It's because this plant gives them some relief from their pain.  Walk in the shoes of these people before you pass judgment.
Here’s why marijuana should be legal: I smoked weed everday for 6 months. I went on vacation for 8 days and didn’t smoke any weed. ZERO side effects. No cravings, no withdrawal, ZERO. If alcohol is legal, it’s ridiculous that marijuana isn’t.
Active, let's go!
I do not trust Booker.
It was never a war on drugs, just go back to Nixon, and study forward.
Aside from the medical benefits, if you can get everyone high enough they might believe that you can give them everything for free and it won’t wreck the country. This is your best shot at the presidency.
the party is floundering. they are desperate for donations and will use Bernie to try to get those donations flowing again.
That's about the only issue that I agree with you!
Bernie if you can beat Trump I’m with you
Friggin' Clinton.
Then do it and stop running your mouth about what Congress should do. You’re Congress. You are the most ineffective congressman in history.
Will it also free the millions in prison for marijuana-associated offenses?
No sadly, because they broke the law when it was in place.
Never should have been in place anyway; was only so BigPharma & prison industrial complex could profit.
Can’t we try to find the good in something for a change.
Also, how come pedophiles do less time then drug offenders?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Szr3mxdCVpw …  Should kids die over pot? Answer is NO, deserve jail? Answer is NO. How come babies and kids are killed by police, but never do you hear of a pedophile getting shot by police?? WTH....
Two pot heads agree...strange
Go Burnie
Dumbing down the opposition  has been an old trick of enemies for hundred of years. Bernie is no friend of American ways
Go ahead and scream! No one is listening to you anyway
Excellent so now it won’t be just obesity but brain damaged too you people and your drive to self destruct are amazing
Corey Booker looks happy, he must be high.
Or make a law that everyone in congress needs to smoke some before every session.
#FreeTheFlower
Pander much?
Steps to becomming a tyrannical government.

1.) Make healthcare for those who work too expensive to get or use.

2.) Legalize drugs that will dumb down society.

3.) Take firearms away from law abiding citizens.

4.) Undermine the current leader in every way possible

Your take?
Yeah 1960s hippie all over again. Did’nt care for you then and still don’t. You know not, nor do you care, what harm you do!
Did anybody look at the article where the crime rate is rising in Colorado and to see if it had something to do with legalization of marijuana?
Bout time
Bernie I disagree!Have you created enough awareness on the good medicinal use and bad drug abuse of marijuana?Hundreds of migrants keep entering America. All may not be so mature about dope.I feel proper regulation is definitely needed to prevent abuse.
This is great news and will benefit society as a whole. Criminalization has destroyed generations of families. When people have opportunity they excell. A pot possession shouldn't ruin that.
Damn about time this would have saved me some jail time I'll never get back
senator! you’re an amazing human being and should have been the president!
Because you’re a populist teen-wannabe fucking moron, Bernie.
@joerogan
