We are fighting with our good friends, in America, France & Britain, to stop their governments from supporting Saudi.
We will win.
#Yemen
We love you! 
@teddy_cat1 
We love you too my friend,
All Yemeni send love and peace to you.
We will never forget you
My heart aches for this area of the world. Smthg has got to be done to stoo this NOW. I will keep praying for peace and help for my brothers and sisters in Yemen
Prayer is good but there is action for Yemen everywhere! What country do you live in?
USA, Florida
Many are trying to pressure senators and congress reps into ending our participation. I tweet about it all the time.
Ok, thanks. I will definitely try that. I've tried it before and it's got me nowhere but I will keep trying if u think it will help. They always tell me my power is in my vote as a response and I get super frustrated
They were eating laundry detergent and snorting prophylactics and you think they are standing up for principles?
What kind of retarded ass bullshit is this lmao
They need ever minute of school they can get. You're a bigger ass hole than I thought encouraging young adult to cut class.
Its hard to get every minute of class when you're dead. Skipping one day of class to tell politicians you don't want to die is one day of class well spent.
When the Tide pod eating generation  realize it mental illness and not the gun that creates the problem. Then can take a few days off. Baby boomers grew up with guns in the kitchen draws and we never shot anyone. Get some religion in you're live will help to.
Mental illness is a factor of the problem, and the whole platform is about reform. That means common sense gun laws, mental health reform, and a universal background check. Maybe if you took the time to read on their platform you would be able to make coherent arguments
Plus, I am Christian, as you can see from my Praying Pelican Missions shirt. I do not, however, use my religion as a dig on other people's opinions. Religion has no place in this argument.
It's long past time for Congress to take action on gun safety to save innocent lives.

= #DemilitarizePOLICE now
It's long past time for Congress to take action on gun safety to save innocent lives.

#ArrestTheBribeMAKERSandBribeTakers
It's long past time for Congress to take action on gun safety to save innocent lives.

#StopFundingISRAEL #NoWarsForIsrael #DeIsraelizeUSA #BanAIPAC #BanJINSA #ArrestIDF
My parents would beat my behind if i would of did #NationalSchoolWalkout
If you "would of did?" Clearly, you needed fewer beatings and more school days.

Implying that student activism = hitler youth

>Lmao
BERNIE SANDERS, HAVE YOU TOLD THESE CHILDREN WHAT YOU STAND FOR? [SOCIALISM]! In VENEZUELA SOCIALISM is the cause of Childern being left in the streets because their moms Can't feed them, SCHOOLS are almost empty because the Children are to Weak to Attend!
Social democratism is different from socialism, just ask people from any Nordic country :)
IT DOES NOT MATTER HOW YOU SPIN IT, SOCIALISM IS GOVERNMENT CONTROL & IT [ALWAYS ENDS IN DISASTER]!
Social democratism is not socialism, please understand that. No one is dying of famine or left uneducated in the Nordic countries which are social democracies...
BERNIE SANDERS is SOCIALISM! Socialism in VENEZUELA is the cause of Zoo Animal's being stolen for food, People are starving there! Venezuela was the 4th Richest Country in South America before someone with the Same Idea as Bernie Sanders Weaseled In!

So you're gonna stop protecting gun manufacturers,  taking NRA money, and voting against gun safety now??
Cite your sources proving that he's taken a dime of NRA money.
Senator Sanders, These students are tomorrow’s voters and leaders.  Congratulations to the students for showing they stand together on this issue of schools safe from guns.
Too bad they don’t pick up the anti war cause and get us out of this disastrous war you have kept us in for the last 15 years. It’s their future you are spending to kill people around the globe. #EndTheWars
Way to encourage teenage students to skip school. I would definitely never hire you for a babysitter!
I wouldnt hire him for anything
Maybe this time @BernieSanders can work towards an "F" rating from #NRA.
NRA has been giving out F's to anyone who doesn't slavishly follow their agenda.   He owes his entire political career to the NRA.  http://www.businessinsider.com/bernie-sanders-is-surprisingly-pro-gun-2015-10 …
The students leadership is moving us forward?? I cannot believe how backwards we're becoming. And I'm not buying that this occurred on 4/20 as a coincidence. I'll give them that...
Best coincidence every.
Can one of you #Bernie2020 folks tell me.

1. Is Bernie still for IMMUNITY for gun manufacturers?

2. Didn't #BankFraudBernie vote multiple times AGAINST the Brady Bill? Where does he stand on the bill now?

3. What gun safety legislation has he sponsored and led the way on?
You are right Nathaniel.   Bernie is a hypocrite in this and has terrible voting record on gun control.   He conveniently hopes we have forgotten or like many here have never done the research.
He reiterated his position for gun manufacturer immunity last night on @chrislhayes' show on @MSNBC. 

Can't understand why he is so stubborn (and tone-deaf) on this issue.
I read tweets by the kids that survived, I burst into tears. Maybe I am a bleeding heart liberal, a snowflake, all the things that gun nuts say, but I would rather be all those things than dead inside & be okay with kids being shot in schools.
Are you OK with women having the right to murder thousands of babies per day with a vacuum! More babies murdered by vacuum then teens byagun
This has nothing to do with this post.
Bull murder is murder whether by a gun or a vacuum, has all to do with it more babies murdered by a vacuum then numbers of teens by a gun!
The youth are the key to a future in which the US will make fundamental changes to our system that prioritizes the needs of the few over those of the many.
Shout out to the sole unidentified student standing in the square of little old Dover, PA with his poster today. So proud of you for standing up for what is right even if you stand alone. Many more than you think support you. Would have been there if my health were better.
Come get ‘em Bernie.
We are with you God Bless You.
Inconveniencing well-behaved citizens for the actions of a few crazies is not a way to go.  @PrisonPlanet
So this means we can now count on you to support gun regulations?  Cool glad to hear.
Too many Yosemite Sam wannabes trying to follow the 2nd amendment religiously.
WHAT?
Are you kidding me guy? Your state has some of the most lenient gun laws in the whole country.
Problem has always been with the users of the tool, and not the tool itself. 
America, in its past history, did not have mass shootings at this frequency ever. Guns were legal then too, BUT, peope had more common sense to use them. Education, awareness and mental heath screening.
Nope

Bernie go have sex with yourself. You dirt bag.
Bernie sanders, the dirt bag, meanwhile you rock a profile pic of a man who boasts of sexually assaulting women #classy
Big f’n phonies are these politicians of both parties, they don’t live in the real world, they live in luxury and preach b.s to the masses. All hypocrites!!!
Omg. Most of these kids just want out of class. Smh
They will walk for anything to get out. Everyone knows this whether they admit it or not
Mixed feelings here. Bravo to them, yes. Absolutely. And a heartfelt apology, that we made it necessary through failing to accomplish those same objectives for them.
Congratulations on skipping school kids!
Congratulations on being retarded as hell my dude
Get serious Bernie and approve Pompeo. Stop your stupid resistance and hate for Pres Trump. It’s No Korea and they could nuke us Hello
Lmfao
You don't want us to have #guns so we have no power to stand up to a #LiberalNazi #regime. You are old and #senile. You need to rest. Your #mentaldisorder is showing. You have an advanced case of #TrumpDerangement syndrome.
Stupid comment. Democrats had the House, Senate and White House just a few years back. What did Obama do? Nada
BERNIE 2020
Leadership 2020 and all future elections :
Explain how taking rights away from lawful citizens is a step in the correct direction?!
Bernie UR An ASS you SOLD out to HILLARY&the DNC for your personal gain in $$$$ you have absolutely no moral ground to encourage or congratulate this is AMERICA WHERE LIBERAL SOCIALIST ATTEMPT to strip OUR HISTORY&American greatness will no longer be tolerated TERM LIMITS now
You should take a political science class. You obviously don’t know what you’re talking about. Maybe an English class for good measure.
You are awesome!
These kids have no clue what they are protesting. What an embarrassment you've become, @SenSanders
Some of these kids were dodging bullets a month ago, so yes they know more than you who probably never experienced anything like it
Maybe in Florida. Middle school kids have no idea, and many HS too. I passed a good 40 holding signs jumping up and down like they were cheerleaders. What a protest!
Keep up the good work.  Don't give up.  Sensible gun laws are so important!!
It’s also time that we the people reform Congress. When 80% of the people want Congressional term limits and when 100% of the members of Congress ignore the people change will come. Remember those who oppose the people’s demand to reform Congress are on the wrong side of History.
State Capitol, MN. So proud of MN’s young adults. I sit in awe!!
Still pandering! Hypocrite!!
Bernie's been pandering to the average decent person his entire life
Gun safety is a must, most gun owners know this very well. Kids aren’t leaders, they haven’t been taught everything about life, and they don’t even get that from school. They need life experience before they dictate policy regarding our rights. Shame on you.
Please, most of them just want to out of class. Most of them are also to young to have fully formed opinions. That's why there is a driving age, a voting age, drinking age, smoking age, etc etc. We can't trust them to make decisions like that but we can trust them to decide this?
Adults with all those things have been dripping the ball, that’s why.
responsible gun use saves 500,000-1000000 in the us on average. this is based on police and fbi statistics. This also only counts times when responsible gun use has led to a criminal being killed. NOT counted is when someone is injured or when no shots fired. #TruthMatters
how many people are killed by mass shootings? A tiny number compared to how many guns save. Banning doesn't do anything but take rights away. A right lost can never be reclaimed the way our gov is. Concealed carry people are less likely to commit crimes then even the police are.
Why don't all of you democrats, that hate our @POTUS , have a walk out and stay gone. Take the Rinos with you.
We need to look deeper than gun laws. Grabbing a gun is their last act. We need to find ways to help people BEFORE they are a danger to others. This means the mental health system is broken. Laws won't keep bad people from obtaining weapons THINK!!!
They have strict gun laws in London how’s that working ? .. now there banning pocket knives its people not inanimate objects :/
Shame on adults that “let children lead”. Preposterous!
The more they walk out, the less they learn. The less they learn the more likely they are to vote for you. #RetirePlease
UNLESS i missed something the @DNC under @TomPerez (new cheat on the block) has done nothing to keep their promise to reduce superdelegates (1 vote = 10,000 citizen votes) we can NOT wait to apply max pressure on Tom to keep his word!!! RT
Low turn-out. Kinda like your supporters on election day
Yes students should be studying for good grades in schools; not methods of gun safety!How do other countries ensure safety of their students? Because gun laws are VERY VERY stringent there and applied.Isolated instances may occur-but not as routine as here
Real leaders in school are most likely the quiet ones who are completing their homework, listening to their teachers and parents, and resisting social pressures. Children coming from challenging homes or environments and still persevering are real leaders. Time will tell truth.
Just what America needs a politician who promotes students skipping school.....
Agreed! I was so happy to see about 60 students walking down the street of my very conservative town today. I honked and waved!
You realize your in Congress right Bernie?
More guns less deaths
@Emma4Change @MarkRuffalo @AMarch4OurLives #VoteForOurLives
Everyone should be proud
The"kids"are great!Went to 1 by @NYGov in Albany.Much respect for the kids;they're the only hope for thefuture,especially considering a selfish power seeking dishonor in @SenateMajLdr &HIS @GOP followers like@DevinNunes(NOT ALL @GOP)@sunshinelaughin @Emma4Change #VoteThemOut

I agree with students rights to assemble and peaceful protest, but the opportunity for criminals and foreign adversaries to engineer them into proxy forces, and target them for exploitation is ripe, unless you are being asked to actually protest, question engineering attacks...

I'm pro-gun but I'm sick of people demonizing these kids. They have every right to stand up for their beliefs.
A person should be 21 to own a gun, vote or serve in the military.
Ya know, it's a lot more effective to secure our schools against ALL forms of violence.

FREE TIP: Try securing the schools for a change. The Columbine Massacre occurred during Clinton's assault weapons ban.

#HistoryFacts. http://Learn.From.It .
You go Senator Sanders....
You tell it like it is and kick some ass while doing it......
Says you who noted against the #bradybill five times
#NationalSchoolWalkout on #420Day... seems suspicious haha!
BRAIN WASHED THE CHILDREN... PLEASE STOP MY MAN!!!
Please tell me your not for banning assault weapons. Protect everyone's 2nd amendment right to protect family and home.
Many kids are smarter than these so-called adults on your tweet.  SMH.
Ironically it was on Hitler's birthday. A dictator that disarmed the Jews before killing them
I'd imagine the schools that were involved don't have a truancy policy... there's no education going on anymore only hate, discontent, marches and whatever.
Now, Bernie what were your school days like as u were growing up??
Why aren't you and your wife in jail where you should be? I don't get it?
How did @SenSanders not become President?
Because he was a fraud who didn't understand any issues and wrote pedo-essays
Better than Trumps stupid ass. He's a perfect example of applying for a job you don't even want and no clue on how to perform and miraculously getting hired.
No, he isn't really better than Trump.  They are basically the same person, only Trunp can't get the GOP agenda through where Bernie would have been forced to sign their bills every day
Trump is turning his entire tire into a joke and sending this country down the shitter.
Put armed guards in the schools like we do other institutions to protect our citizens.  And btw..Jewish students can’t go to school in many European countries without armed guards... and they HAVE gun control there.  Unstable people will find ways to do bad things.
Unstable people with guns do a lot more harm than unstable people with knives.
Specious
Yup. That’s what leadership on gun safety looks like, you fucking fraud. NOT taking all the $$$ you have from the NRA. Now go the fuck AWAY...
You like stripping our rights away? You will be gone soon. We will vote your and your rights reducing party outta town.
I don’t think you’ve been paying attention. Democrats have started taking Republican seats all over the country.
Feminism is appalling
It’s not a pie. Women getting a bigger piece does not take away from men. Equality feels a lot like oppression when it happens to the ones in power.
You seem to have a lot of regurgitated one-liners but not a lot of substance to add to the conversation.
What is good about feminism? It breeds hatred
Feminism encourages us to examine why things are the way they are. I’m a feminist because I believe women deserve to be treated the same as men economically, socially, and every way in between.
You are. You have more rights than men. You are responsible for 80% of the economy. You pass higher scores than men. More women are attending medical school and doing better. That isn’t enough. Now you want to destroy our masculinity. That is not a good thing
They use "gun safety" only because "control" doesn't focus group well.  Would they walk out without propaganda by billionaires or forced by politicized teachers?  Gun control does not save lives. Not having worthless "sheriff" that LIH does.
All should learn consequences and be marked absent from school and zero for any tests or quizzes that were scheduled

Nobody is ever taking guns away. I know I need mine for personal protection. But there should be better mental health services in this country. Less bullying would be a good thing as well
Leadership? You mean externally stoked opposition to our liberty??
Go job... you helped kill a kid... #ivorytowerelitistcoward
Plan on enforcement of new laws do you?
So your against children recieving an education? And support them skipping government run school?
#gotoclass

Hi time to fire all these educators and 
Put real Americans in charge of the class rooms and in charge of the schools of this nation.
1. Educate the unwashed on our Founding fathers and the Constitution .
2. Train them to shoot .
3. Teach real math engineering
You are such a hypocrite. To all the sheep reading this post know that Bernie won’t be giving up his secret service protection anytime soon.

Can’t believe you’re advocating kids stay out of school. Also using children for political pawns to advance your anti-gun rhetoric. Every person in the USA knows gun control does not work wake up Bernie you hypocrite.
its ironic that your rights to bear arms was an outcome of the war with  the british. most Americans  wet themselves with glee whenever the British monarchy is mentined and want to be more british than the brits...Guess what? they are no longer a threat, repeal the amendment.
Support the @NRA and standup to people like Bernie Sanders who loves Socialists Dictators and genocidal despots!
Take a look at Brazil and Venezuela since you want to take us there so badly.
Including the 11 year old boy killed while on the walkout in Texas you have blood on your hands

As a salvadorean native, you are the problem. You have made promises in the same vein that the FMLN did for Salvador. They made the same promises and kept the people poor and the rich lost money and could not hire the poor anymore. Sanders, how do you sleep at night?
Yes it lead to a kid getting a concussion and another putinthe hospital. Your so good. Polish your rocking chair.
Why don't u spend the time on mental illness Bern....That is the real problem.
So glad they cheated you out of the candidacy or was the payout that good?...hypocrite and socialist. Resign.
Bernie is a sell out he is "the man" . Out of touch rich guy who thinks he is a hippie.
I know your only one man but it seems your the only one in Washington that has any sense and you have to help the American ppl.  We need affordable healthcare, not build a wall,  trade wars, keep Social Security, definitely gun control.  Congress needs limited terms!
We love u Bernie. Plz run as vp with Hillary in 2020!
Magnificent.
Still out there pandering I see. Did you enjoy your role as cuckold last election?
You would congratulate kids on getting up and walking out of school, you only work 2 days a week maybe we should just go to school 2 days a week
Fiirst tweet. I have a free money maker for the post Office. Interested?
BREAKING:Ed Schultz serves backlash to his former MSNBC adversary for his firing,& his position on MSNBC as a host,for deception & deviation,for a possible connection scandal between his former boss ‘PHILL GRIFFIN’ & ‘HILARY CLINTON’ to still DNC & election from ‘BERNIE SANDERS’!
What action should they take? Not one Democrat/liberal  has suggested anything (constitutional) that would prevent school shootings
You give a completely new meaning to the word "socialize". Of course you want free college for everyone, so that they can be totally indoctrinated.
Hey Bernie...shouldn't you tell the kids about how public school kills the spirit?
We should be encouraging children to walk out of school. Seriously! You should do better.
Gun control doesn’t work.

https://twitter.com/mlbosin/status/987025375136907265?s=21 …
Gun safety does mean ‘take them away’!

Students should not have to beg for their lives from senseless gun violence to their elected representatives.

Follow These Steps Correctly!  
1.) RT & Share This Link  https://ffm.to/localcritics 
2.) Tag Me In Your Review Post And Include #Forgottensouls…
Walking out from learning to protest for gun control to memorialize a shooting done at the time of a gun ban with a banned gun. Irony?
So does this mean that you will change your votes on gun reform?
My son is mentally ill and I can't find a Dr ro help him!!! Please no Drs want to except MEDICAID. They dont make money! My son might take his life
@eleena_bean
YAYAYAYAYYYYY
A multi millionaire socialist lives like a king while the rest of America fights over crumbs. Only a complete idiot would vote for him or any other politician like him. GOD BLESS THE NRA
Why did it take a bunch of kids who don't make 174K a year to do it
Get a life or better go buy yourself a fishing pole and go fishing and retire.
Bernie congress has done all that they can do on gun control. This is all a local and state issue and you know that . They got to inforce the laws on the books plus they can even pass laws of their own on gun issues. As long as is do not interfere with the Second amendment
We need to eliminate #gunfreezones ASAP. It’s statistically and logically certain that #GunFreeZonesKill. We could end them immediately for free. Anyone not willing to take that first step while figuring the rest out doesn’t care about our children’s lives.
Booooooooo
 "Your leadership ..." There you've got it folks, the #Progressive leadership.
You are vile
Hey @SenSanders, are unborn babies innocent ?
Dumb
Socialist Bernie Sanders will support any type of action that keeps America stirred to the point of frenzy.  Ever hear Sanders support ANY views different from his....no.  In Sanders world, his mentality is the only thing positive about America-and that’s a lot of crap.
Their movement is just that a drop in the ocean of those who own weapons! You can't beat the Second Amendment.
Keep at it !!
Wrong! You and half your colleagues have been in office since Columbine! You have failed at every turn!
YOU WILL NEVER BE POTUS, HAHAHAHA. GO AWAY OLD MAN OR MAYBE YOU CAN MOW THE WHITE HOUSE LAWN FOR TRUMP. OH I FORGOT YOU CANNOT AND DO NOT KNOW HOW TO START THE MOWER.

Slick Bernie you always tell us what trump should do. Since you claim to be the longest serving independent senator, then why don’t you list what your accomplishments have been. Trump has done more in less than a year then you have. So nobody care what you think.
Why don’t you attack AAA for drunk drivers! It’s the same principle! #standwithNRA
Same as your leadership has?
yes they are showing courage something you didn't show against Hilary, no you took the money
What about innocent lives planned parenthood takes?
You’re supposed to be the adult Beenie. Your childish ignorance is why you couldn’t get 2 votes in the primaries. Retire old timer.
Bernie wants disarmed serfs that cannot dispute - his renowned genius beliefs for - his glorious "new society."
#vote2018

You should be thanking them for being your puppets.
Any form of disruption right old man?
Yes, because walking out of school all the time is the best way to educate the next generation who will be running the government and society. Last I checked you need an education to get a job and function in America.
Rolling Stone: obtaining the gun+how gun manufacturers skirt the law.
Rolling Stone shills for drug dealers.
Truly Inspiring! #AtlantaGirlsSchool brought their own to GA state capitol bld’g for a rally and shortly after the town hall mt’g my daughter begged if she ‘could do an internship with a politician that cared’...let us know us know when you need her! (Or who you recommend)
You know they just wanted off on 420! Wish I would thought that when I was in school!
Congress is owned by nra. They need to be removed and replaced by younger independent voices
Progressives are leading our students around protesting and Democrats are praising them. Meanwhile Trump is working on Syria problem, Russia problem, China and N. Korea and doing great.  What Bernie doing? Speaking.
Passing laws will not save lives. This is a failure of government and law enforcement to do their jobs. Kids leaving school accomplishes nothing, they would be spending their time better learning about the evils of past socialist leaders like, Mao, Stalin, Mussolini and Hitler.
Bernie, if you vote for FOSTA-SESTA then you might as well vote to end Net Neutrality as well, and that's a deal-breaker.
You'll bend over for whatever the DNC wants you to. And your too weak and cowardly to stick it to Clinton for what she did to you. NO RESPECT, SELL OUT!
Yes please be lead along by kids...cant be any worse than swamp gramps
Yea, kids will look for any reason to get out of class. Everyone remembers those days
Bernie Sanders: ‘If Democrats win either the House or the Senate, Trump’s agenda is dead.’
Everyone at my school did it to get out of class and be on their phones lmao
Bernie Sanders, please be more vocal in your criticism of Syria strikes!
Guns don't kill people, people kill people. How has gun control helped the murder rate in London?
The murder rate in London has risen, as has all other crime rates, because the Conservative government has cut police budgets by 20% and there are now 20% less police on the street.

We haven't had a mass shooting since hand guns were banned.
Promotion of anarchy is your best suit, Mr Sanders.
And shame on the students who want to talk about gun laws and rights?
And exactly where are your legislated proposals on school safety?
It’s a bummer your stumping for this unconstitutional ban on semi autos. You actually have a chance at becoming president. If you run on the AWB I promise you will lose the rust belt. Guns culture is deeply ingrained and very respected here in Ohio. Fix NICS.
