Gov. Phil Hoff, Democrat who transformed Vermont, has died at 93 https://bfpne.ws/2I2zdyz  via @bfp_news
I can’t wait to see you run for President!! @SenSanders Plz Run for President Bernie  Young voters are beginning for real change and they will go out in mass door to door supporting you ! 

Please do this for us please let the young voters go out and vote for you proudly!
You all proud ??   Still loving the idea of Govt run healthcare ???
Bernie Sanders pushes for "socialized medicine" in America. He portrays it as a right of all people. Baby Alfie Evans, a 23-month-old British baby, proves socialized medicine doesn't give control to family, but bureaucrats who could care less about family. I Choose Life!
Wow you manages to find one bad example from a Google search! Congratulations!
R.I.P Phil Hoff.
Lighten up, Bern. We don't have to pretend the election is real anymore, bff. Let's feel the burn in Hawaii this summer !
What do the youngsters call this? "Sliding in your DM's?"
Bern you will be remembered for cheating and selling out and not paying your taxes. DEMOCRATS are laughing at your new idea
Oh wait I think you spelled "Trump" wrong
BERNIE. SANDERS.  PLEASE. TO. PUT. SPARKS. FOR. THE. MATCH. DEMOCRAT. TO. GO.  VERY. SLOW
And about your age, huh Bern??
Statesman!
Jfkmlkrfkillers still in control of karmic wound healing to psychic soul
It’s great that you praise, a 93 year old, but NO condolences for a 23 MONTH old baby?  

Please make a 3rd party!!!
Alfie?
Sensenders the great history's person in the U.S. congress he he is justice person for the all, unfortunetly he was been considered hellari Clinton in last U.S. elections. But Hillary was tutors lady for America.we support senders all time long.. nishiper
ALL AMERICANS ; MOST DUMBASS MOVIE OF THE YEAR( SUPER TROOPERS !) ; ROB LOWE ONE OF MANY & THAT OLE MAN PLAED ON ; BORNE JASON MOVIE. ; PRETTY LAME HUMOR VERMONT& CANADIAN POLICE BAD CANADAIN ACCENTS DUMB HUMOR& SPOILER ALERT ROB LOWE ; HANDLING BLACK MANS PENIUS£- SAVE UR$$$$$
I love you niggga
Depends on who's writing the history I would guess....
Phil hoff rear ended my grandmothers car drunker than a skunk way back when lol she wasn’t impressed
Vermont. Best state ever.

Bernie is 100 % ME TOO MOVEMENT and never mentions the capturing of sex traffickers
Bernie good friend receives hand slap from Bernies friends Senate Ethics Committee
Notice Bernie did not mention the Senate Ethics Committee to expose past and present sex predators in the Senate gives Sen Bob Pedo Menendez a hand slap !
Notice Bernie will refuse to congratulate Trumps NEW WAR ON sex traffickers syndicates human rights violations money laundering pedophiles Pedovore's seizing their assets making this a threat to America and rounding up all around the world!
Notice Bernie refuses to congratulate Trump for helping end the North Korean War and Kim Jung walks across the Border to shake hands with Moon in South Korea HYPOCRITE BERNIE


Build the Wall
Around you
When will you imitate the late governor’s great political courage?
In what way?
One thing I know for sure is that you are trying to transform our USA into a socialistic society with high taxes & business crippling restrictions filled with illegal criminals, MS-13 gangs, & drug cartels as our country goes broke, and the USA then becomes Mexico North.
Just like Denmark


Must be something particularly healthy about the Green Mountain State. Everyone in Vermont lives to be very old with a great quality of life right to the end. Pleasant place.
Senator Sanders is definitely your kinda guy. Right crooked David Rosler? http://www.stanhjerleid.com/tpfa-background-and-history/ …. #MAGA
Why are you not commenting on those test messages? We know there are more than this. What are you going to do about the members of Congress involved. Get the #UnredactedTexts out in the public
unfortunately I'll be remembered as a sell out socialists who got rich off the back of the is taxpayer. U also got a free home.
If Governor was that good why are citizens leaving in large # going by data of Vermonts Department of Health.
you'll be remembered like that too Bernie!
You know it, Dad! ☭ Печь - это плита
Независимо от того, куда вы идете
Хуесос
Лол сражайся со мной
отвали, мудак, бля!
Afraid I knew nothing of the man, but if you loved him I have to imagine I would have to. Condolences!
bernie always fighting some strawman
be it the billionaire
or da millyonaire
remember kid socialism doesnt get TRACTION without instilling jealousy and envy
envy or guilt ....thats  what drives all democratic policies
About fracking in PA?
SOCIALIZED GOVERNMENT HEALTHCARE
Website seems sketchy and cites no sources at all for these claims?

What would be the point of doing this??? The reason this would occur?

Do you have any evidence this occurred beside this random website?
are you serious?
And in the US it's insurance companies that make these decisions, private institutions.

Besides, you're acting like the UK is the type of system Bernie wants.

If you read his website his setup is completely different than that system, hospitals and DRs would remain private.
So even if we switched to one large insurance pool, cutting the cost of insurance in half, it would just be for the funding aspect.

It's more efficient and not the same system as this.

You should read up on his plan. You may actually like it.
I am sorry for your loss.

Bless him
