Why don't you suggest them not get a real job till they're 40 years old like you did LOL
After graduating from college, Sanders returned to New York City, where he initially worked at a variety of jobs, including Head Start teacher, psychiatric aide, and carpenter.
Which one of those aren't real? I'll wait. Also who do did you vote for?
Union of America that's funny considering all the union run cities are pitiful now aren't they Detroit Etc
Oh you mean because of GOP operatives who destroyed the cities right? I appreciate you bringing that to light and you're absolutely right! Republican should never be elected to office!
Letter: GOP, not government, to blame for Flint crisis http://detne.ws/1P9Y7H9  via @detroitnews
From the folks themselves! How's about that Double D?
From Snyder's Right to Work Legislation which destroys worker's right to failing the people of Flint by poisoning their water, it sure must be tough knowing that as a Republican your ideologies have continually resulted in the literal collapse of civilization!
No it isnt. Poverty is 1) the default of existence and 2) lower than it ever has been in the history of the world by a unfathomable margin.

Plus, you don't know the first thing about eliminate poverty.
If your measure of poverty is purely how much money you make, you'd be correct. But the imposition of global capitalism on the masses has instituted a system of forced work for extremely low wages where simple foraging for a couple of hours a day used to be enough to sustain life
No. Stop applying your western standards and privilege onto people who have nothing. Look at the progress places like South Korea have made only in the last 50 years. The evidence of capitalism curing poverty is overwhelming.
Unregulated capitalism breeds poverty. You only need to look at the US where poverty, even deep poverty, is rampant.
Unregulated capitalism and the US probably shouldn't even be in the same sentence lol
Just about all of the New Deal regulation that kept the country safe for 50 years is gone. So yeah, the US needs to be mentioned with unregulated capitalism.
How long you been in office? You now all of a sudden are concerned about poverty. Your mind set has all ways been take from the rich and keep!
Give me a break.....
He always has been. Few people listened until he ran for president
I don't know which would have been worse Bernie or Hillary?
Either one would’ve been better than what we’ve got now
Trump is making America great again.  How can you be against that?
Democrats need some better slogans.
There's no poverty crisis in America the crisis is the fact people stopped working intending to themselves and started living off the government teat
That is completely false. Much poverty here was intentionally created by the horrifically racist "redlining" of the 1930s-1960s which denied blacks from owning houses and building equity.
More poverty is made by the war on drugs and the way we deal with criminals, denying them
access to basic jobs and voting rights
Convicted felons have to lose some rights that's an incentive not to be a felon. Really I don't want somebody that's so stupid end-up in prison for 20 years to be allowed to vote
But should that felon deserve to not be allowed to vote for life, even when he has successfully been rehabilitated?
Most of them don't give a damn about voting anyway. I don't want a bunch of uneducated thugs voting just so they can vote Democrat... Cuz that's how they were told to vote
Look at democrat run cities.   Poverty gangs unemployment..get a clue democrats YOU ARE NOT THE GROUP OF PROGRESS..That would be republicans like right now cutting food stamps so people have to WORK THATS PROGRESS!
Again, you are wrong. Progress would be helping former rehabilitated criminals in getting jobs access to social security.
I'm all for people who served their time to get out and be able to get a job but the problem is many of them reoffend... how many people were killed people get out of prison and do it again? Many
Yes; there are some people that are unfortunately broken beyond repair and literally place no value on any human lives save their own.
For those, they should be executed for being an irreparable threat to society.
Democrats cherish people in poverty they keep them dumb down and on the government teat
By all means go to Duke University in the center of the area most known for having higher education. Make sure you take a trip to the worst side of Durham so you can see what's really going on in the world because Duke University has no idea about poverty
Senator Sanders, please consider bringing up Universal Basic Income. It is clearly the way forward for society
It’s been tried and failed miserably, it’s called socialism
Can you explain to me why you think socialism doesn't work?
Ask Venezuela, Bernie himself said it’s model of government is to behold when Chavez started nationalizing, it’s banks, energy and currency, now their people are eating out of the trash while the elites live lavishly
Okay, now let me ask you this- how is Venezuela comparable to the most powerful economic powerhouse in the world? Like, I see where you're coming from, but the US is one of the few nations that has the infrastructure for socialist policies like a UBI.
We are an economic powerhouse because we have had a Capitalist government since the founders. Turning to a failed form of government isn’t the answer, life is never going to be fair, people who work hard and take risk will succeed.
Exactly, I think the place for hard working Americans is within education and scientific exploration I just don't think threatening poverty is necessary for people to work. If people want to make money over the UBI, they will most certainly have that right.
How is the UBI paid for?
The best way to eliminate poverty is to provide guaranteed employment for all seeking jobs.
It’s been tried and failed miserably, it’s called socialism
My solution has not been tried. The technology which makes it possible has just been developed in recent years.
Who guarantees employment?
We need a new social contract which provides a better way to fight inflation, increases employment and keeps interest rates low. Please see http://www.kwbsolutions.com/TCV/Econ20.htm  for details.
Just read the link, sounds like a perfect socialist/communist plan, what don’t you people understand? They are both failing models of government and you’re just trying to repackage it as something new. Government doesn’t create jobs the free market does.
Problem is: capitalism is economic musical chairs with 100 individuals seeking jobs and only 95 jobs available - 5% unemployment rate (nominally). My plan to implement an Inflation Tax will allow 100% employment of those seeking jobs.
I’ll tell you poverty, I’m on social security an after I pay my bills I’m down to pennies for the next four weeks until the next SS check. Hell of a way to live. Sick of BP&J
It’s not right to live that way.
Dem-run cities are highest in poverty
The antidote to poverty is capitalism.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n6ivGgb9RY&t=45s …
Bernie, why don’t u donate at least 1 of your houses
& voluntarily pay more tax from your multi millions ?
Dem-run cities are highest in poverty (&violent crime, unemployment)
Dem policy lowers wages, kills jobs
You, and the other rich leftists out there can help alleviate it right now by simply opening your wallet.  There is no law against that.
Hand out some dam applications 2 all the able body folks w/o any training that think their to good to flip a burger, but want taxpayers to support them! Yes I WAS a single mother, receiving help while I navigated my way thru college, while working. But it was a stepping stone!!
And what about all the people who due to physical or pshycological disabilites are unabl to work, or the people who can work but can't move beyond basic McJobs because they have no access to anything else?
Even McJobs offers ways to go to college
Bernie Sanders never said that making public colleges tuition free would eliminate wealth inequality.

The point is to promote opportunity.
To get a job which pays more and/or is more satisfying.
Unconditional Basic Income.

As MLK himself said, the best solution to poverty is also the simplest one, to abolish it directly with enough money to lift everyone out of poverty.

https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2017/01/why-we-should-all-have-a-basic-income …
#sustainability vital to #BasicIncome success which addresses needed minimum #income for survival

Need political leadership to grasp connection #population to #resources

#MondayThoughts #economics
When the pay gap looks like this companies refuse to pay healthcare for part time employees is their housing only goes up ability to buy houses is harder is any wonder?
Squeeze out the poor.  The complain theres not e enough workers in your favorite store.   Thats were at right now.
Being poor isn't immoral, making people poor is.
You are on fire!
Keep speaking up Bernie! you and Rev Barber are great leaders
Bernie you should call for a General Strike! If all workers went on strike they'd have enough leverage to force everything that needs to be passed to get passed. The teachers strikes have proven the power of even limited strikes.
capitalism,,,and bernie bought a beach house with  the kid's money..

hows it feel getting rammed by that old shmuck..what a SUCKER..hahahaha
when?
\leave the rape link kid

hahaha

and send bernie another 5 dollars and 60 cents
his washington post paper bill is due
Best way to fight poverty is to pay higher wages
People living in 'Poverty' in the United States are more rich than 90% of the worlds population. #Perspective
Deep poverty in the U.S. is increasing.
Get involved in your local #PoorPeoplesCampaign:
Education, education and education. Free tuition at all state universities.
Don’t vote for Democrats,
for starters
Forget U.S. Address the crisis around the world we contribute to by not giving foreign laborers their right to a living wage and non-slave labor conditions.
You increase regulations and blame poverty and companies

Maybe if they stopped sending you there money there would be less poor
The soulution is never to make rich people poorer. The solution should be to make poor people richer. America, and capitalism, has been more successful in doing this than any other civilization in the entire history of the world. Crack a book, Bern.
Ask him about including each adult human on the planet equally in money creation?

Have you thought of an argument against yet?
Poverty is what your head gives you .most people think of doing what they qualified for but no space. Be job creators @ http://spiritualvoodoohealers.com 
So you'll be discussing abolishing the Federal Reserve and divorcing the state from the economy? I find that highly unlikely.
No more half measures!

Unconditional #basicincome
Hey staff..  tell Burntout Bernie to stop taxing people to death
Sucking babies into sinks, burning them, tearing them apart limb by limb to the tune of 1,000,000 PER YEAR is a TRUE moral issue.
dear Bernie.... it is a very bad feeling, accompanied with depression and anxiety..... and finally suicide thoughts
If HRC is not there, I’m not watching, said no one ever
Tax the churches. Obviously their methods of “helping” the poor have not worked.
Why do you consistently get on Twitter? How many times do you have to prove your point. Please stop and God Bless you.
How people can slam unions is confusing to me.Unions are responsible for getting a 40 hr work week,pensions and even http://Vacations.So  poverty isn't part of what unions stand for at http://all.As  Unions have declined so has the betterment of society and happiness.
Finally thanks Bernie for bring attention to the hard work Rev Barber and his supporters have working to get people to not only notice but care about poverty and the poor.The last three presidents totally ignored the poor, shame on them.
I thank Senator Sanders for addressing the issue of poverty. It’s hard to solve problems without naming them and discussing them.
This is USA in 21st Century:  Jeff Bezos of Amazon has a personal fortune of 114 Billion while the warehouse workers toil in 19th Century conditions.
And it's the billionaire who doesn't have to pay a dime in taxes for his company.
That was the point of the new Tax bill all along. Welcome to the Punishment State where you have only duties but no rights, no 'life, liberty,pursuit of happiness.
#BasicIncome now please.
I wonder how many could have been fed with the cost of 100 cruise missiles fired at Syria a couple of days ago? 100 times $832,000 = $83,200,000
Reportedly those cruise missiles cost almost one million each, your close.Let's also add up the '$ multi millions' the government,our taxes is paying for Trumps golf trips and his families operating their personal businesses from the White House in secrecy, w/ all expenses paid ?
The POTUS aka Donald Trump is a elitist if you are a poor person in America and you believe that anyone in the current administration is worried about poverty you are miss informed and you deserve this President. We the people of the poverty level are of no stature or influence.
You seemed confused!! Intragovernmental Holdings - 5.4 trillion dollars of debt for SS & Medicare. 20 trillion dollars of national debt, and a secret slush fund for sexual harassment claims. Obama - 10 trillion of debt. All before Trump was elected!!
Maybe Trump will get the US Treasury to pay the Social Security Trust Fund the $2.8 trillion dollars the Government owes it? BTW, it's not JUST Obama. If Trump continues as expected, he will match Obama's 2 terms of debt in 1 term.
sounds like a great event. I'm so proud to have you representing our state in the senate and I'm a greater admirer of Rev. Barber.


Got money to arm terrorists and bomb countries that hold no threat, but can’t help dysfunctional communities living with contaminated water. https://twitter.com/tundeolaniran/status/983561470222000128 …
How about getting credit unions and banks to actually work with people of all credit types? That would sure help some of us.
You want to make banks give credit to those who don't know how to use it?  I think we tried that before.  Remember the housing bubble.  Most people with poor credit don't pay their debts,  hence the bad rating.
Bernie , you broke my heart, I can’t, won’t, read about you, listen to you anymore. Done
Help keep your blood pressure down, this is so much easier!!
Plus it saves all that typing
Government is the leading cause of poverty. Every day it wastes millions of dollars on ineffective & destructive programs. 

Think of how much richer everyone would be if they didn't have pay for endless war, corporate handouts or politician's lavish lifestyles.
So, think of how much richer everyone would be if the capitalist class didn't control and wield the state in its interests? We can go further - how much richer would everyone be with universal healthcare, housing, education, etc? Much more so.
Sounds like a nanny state no thx government has far to much control already
If you would call that a nanny state, then a nanny state would create a wealthier and more free society than the one that exists now.
Always staying on message that's why you will be our next president
Thank you !
I heard that minority unemployment is at an all time low.  Is this because of you Bernie?
Then why do you want to implement policies that will put more people in poverty?
Oh yea. I’m sure that “discussion” will do wonders for the poor. You are a joke. How much you making to be there?
US Senators can’t accept speaking fees.

The idea of the discussion isn’t to immediately reduce poverty but to set the stage for doing so when we have a better Congress.
This shit isn’t rocket science. If your broke find a job.
Raise taxes, that’s the only solution. That’s why we in western Europe hardly have any poverty.
Quick Bernie is with another leader for working people and consistently walking the walk......cue the smears!!
If Hillary’s campaign hadn’t undermined Bernie in NC and he actually had got to meet with Rev Barber, she never coulda got away with the rest of the cheating.  His influence and participation would’ve had such an impact.
Poverty is a great moral issue. Moral action, however, requires free will. In turn, that means that government action, at best, is amoral. By definition, government is not a tool of moral action.
Mr. Sanders could you look into why the treasury department is dragging its feet on providing an approved loan to help PR from the effects of hurricane Maria? Somebody forgets we’re American citizens and we have been in all the wars to defend democracy.
There driving us to greater poverty
A new president should help! #greedypoliticians
It will backfire badly on our country.This war must stop against average Americans.
@MintPressNews @People4Bernie @BernieSanders
The poverty in USA is veterans and black men displaced by illegals the rest are welfare babies who live in DNC ghettos
More tp the story for those brave enough !
98% of people that graduate high school, have a full time job, and wait until marriage to have kids don't live in poverty. The only issue is getting people to follow 3 simple rules. The last one is hard as the welfare state encourages single parenthood.
Bernie, take down the cabal.
Dang, I thought you had died...seriously...
Circus monkeys like jerry brown, Maxine waters, Pelosi, and camela Harris are experts on poverty, not duke university or barber. These clowns turned california into a poverty toilet!
Hey Bernie, 1968 war on poverty , did you and your fellow politicians win it no ! How long have you been there now we hear from you , come on man ! Too much talk no action !
Or you could go there instead — it’s the most lawless country in the world, and that’s what you minarchists wanted, right?
On the contrary — I understand full well that you want to eat your cake and still have it. Do you, though?!

(Funny you should think that I — or Sanders, for that matter — is a socialist. Perhaps you misunderstand what “workers”, “owning”, or “means of production” mean?)

It is a moral issue. Our standard of living in the US is so much higher than in Africa, China , Vietnam — we need to redistribute wealth globally.
Well, I’m sure your solution will be to give away money earned by someone else.
Free markets and trade. Limited central government.
Usa doesn’t know poverty if u have running water u r not poor.
What about the homeless people, people who don't have running water, people who do have running water but can't afford food and have to live off the charity of others, and people who can't afford to feed both themselves and their children and have to starve so their kids can eat?
Homeless r homeless cause they are lazy drug addicts even then the gov provides shelter with plenty of water and food. Fortunately USA does not know poverty. Government in the us cripples people.
Causes of homelessness in the United States include lack of affordable housing, divorce, lawful eviction, negative cash flow, post traumatic stress disorder, foreclosure, fire, natural disasters (hurricane, earthquake, or flood), mental illness, physical disability, having...(1/2
Family or supportive relatives, substance abuse, lack of needed services, elimination of pensions and unemployment entitlements, no or inadequate income sources, poverty (no net worth), gambling, unemployment, and low-paying jobs.
#EnoughIsEnough #PeoplesPlatform
Duke... good luck!
#UBI fully funded first and foremost
#JG well after you have that UBI program in place
Sen Sanders, With Entitlement Reform you will be able to help many more that truly need it...
These need to be part of that discussion-->
Lecture on the severe structural flaws of capitalism and a proposal of an alternative system:
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=K9FDIne7M9o …
A book that expands on the indeas/info on the lecture:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/1946885142/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1523920026&sr=8-1&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_FMwebp_QL65&keywords=new+human+rights+movement …
Yes, it is, but a discussion will be incomplete without critiquing capitalism itself with its destructive flaws that result in poverty in the first place--->
I suggest first openly pinpointing the structural problem: the market economy itself. @SenSanders https://twitter.com/sensanders/status/985902501856673792 …

Los Angeles mayor Eric Garcetti, eyeing national stage, takes on homelessness https://bloom.bg/2qC010m  
What if Corporations paid no taxes? Corporations are People, so why not Tax the People? Anyone earning over 12,000,000 a year or 1,000,000 a month are taxed at 50% above 12,000,001. Gross not net, the businesses or corporations only carry Reserve and improvements cash accounts.
Perhaps NOT voting for SESTA and causing thousands of women to lose their jobs (and their lives) might have been a start.
( cont)  factor.  That works out to little bit less than $20.00/ hour minimum wage. Sounds like a lot but check out what carpenters, electricians and the trades are getting. You can argue about the middle class figure but otherwise delete the politics. Good luck, Senator.
Stop giving aid to illegal immigrants and you can feed American citizens
You are ready for this? What are the dimensions of poverty, every thing below what? Where does middle class begin?  I think you should think in terms of tying the minimum wage to the middle class average. Let's say that average is $100,000/yr, and we use 0.4 as the tying (cont)
#Bernie2020
So why hasn't congress ever done anything about it talking about it just doesn't work.
You have heard of the Federal Jobs Guarantee.
I just do not understand why this isn't getting more traction. Are most ppl just too $$rich?  Wealth does not just mean $$. It means peace of mind, vibrant health & open though processes, etc.
Bernie, give it up.  The world can see who and what you are. You’re not an inherently bad man or wicked but your time is up.

Hmm.. Maybe STOP bringing in more and more illegals to spend our tax dollars on and take our jobs?? Start there
A society is judged by how they treat their most disadvantaged
You can start with putting public employees and politicians in jail for kickbacks. It’s standard in DC so you should not have a problem finding offenders.
The poorer we as a society gets, the more dysfunctional we become.
There is only one way out of poverty. A full time job. 97% of people who work full time live above poverty.
Source?

Crickets...
Do your own research if you don't believe me
In other words, YOU LIE!
give up everything you own and join a commune.
Tax rich people
Come on. Tuition is $54,000 a year at Duke. Great place to talk poverty. Seriously.
Keep up the work Bernie.
from z. bauman:
poverty isn't a moral problem but economic. noone would say people can die in poverty so i'll live as i like but even this is already happening people don't act. so there should be economic rules&conditions to suppress this moral code and the solution is economic.
(a small contribution to your ideas which i already support)
Unique idea.  Get a job.
Yes, you are a prime example of the war on poor people. They must be poor because they don't have a job. That's the only reason someone can be poor, right? All jobs pay enough money for someone to not be poor while having employment, right?
Government handouts create poverty. Stop the welfare system.
This Tweet is refreshing!! Thx Bernie!
Hypocrite
Let’s examine the War on Poverty that involved several legislative actions on the part of Democrats and LBJ. More people in poverty today than when legislation was passed to fight poverty
I should also add... This comes from a man who’s net worth is probably 10 times more than my annual income. Until you are in poverty, you don’t know what it is.
the war on poverty was one of the biggest failures in american history! are you blind!? welfare hurts the poor, it is not that hard to see

Excellent!

Stop with the non diversity in govt ...free education & equal and fair pay.. iso paying white guys more for less ... put families back together and stop locking up & giving out felonies to young black men & pay reparations to POC
Get out my mentions snowflake
Im with ya Bernie! just run as an independent and youve got my vote!
Please Bernie .... run.... run right out of the USA... GTFO socialist!!
Did Trump grab your kitty?
Nah... I just don't like paying higher than hell taxes
No it’s not
I blieve all of people bound each other.Border conservations dont resolve the problem,In science there are some rules that say if increases difference between 2 poles,the tension also increases till break point.If we decrease poor-rich etc. difference also decrease tension.
Hi
Trump is addressing it, he calls it ( jobs ). More jobs  available, employees can ask for more money or take another job paying more. Simple
This is what you promote.
Ooooh I know, make everyone poor, except the few ruling “elite” right?
I agree 100%.  So why do you want all of the illegals to come into our country? We can't even take care of our own.  We surely cannot take care of the rest of the downtrodden in the world.  #BuildTheWallNow
Elitests at work again
Well I've always wanted to help the world in becoming a better environment for all and I'm still waiting on the organizations to provide me with what they owe me for this time round and for my compensation for the first time I provided and protected everyone.
Silence by rich against the poor is betrayal. Silence by the working class is not.
According to history, socialism would not be the best way.
OMFG! Enough already. Do you not read any other articles, get briefed on any other subjects, care about one other damn effing thing? Go away!!! Please just go away. There’s a Post Office in Vermont that needs a new name.

Donald Trump has waged war on poor people all his life ! SAD.
Under your plans. Everyone will be poor
You should address why the vast majority of people have cell phones.
Communist like you and the liberals only see one way - steal from hardworking American middle class and redistribute it.
Till the lazy shifts to get a job that's no mystery
"Poverty is the one great moral issue of our time", he tweeted from his $1000 iPhone. Hundreds, if not thousands, of $1000 iPhones retweeted in support.

Yep . . .
Actually the rampage against TRUMP is a moral concern... I believe that you're part of the problem considering that Americans throw out a million tons of food every day... Imagine that for a few minutes!!! STOP YOUR HATE!!! Bernie!!! Feed the uninformed!!!
So you just want to make everyone poor to end poverty? #socialism sucks
Middle class? Huh? Poverty is a sin according to the rich
Not by making everyone poor with socialism. Let's worry about equality of opportunity of equality of outcome. Socialism ends poorly everywhere it has been tried.
So, where are the WHITE folks in this photo. Why is it, when the subject of poverty is brought up, it seems to include only blacks and Hispanics. There are poor WHITE folks, too.
Touchy SUBJECT BERNIE?
BERNIE FIGHT FOR CHILDREN BEING ABUSED BY PEDOPHILES FIGHT FOR THE CHILDREN MISSING
Bernie loves to be a bleeding heart for the poor his heart doesn't bleed for children being sexually abused NOTICE NOT ON LEFTY DISCUSSES PEDOPHILES IN AND OUT OF GOVERNMENT
I know in the Seattle area the majority of the problem are due to high rent, and it keeps rising, and mental illneses. Can we put a limit on rent? It's ridiculous.
No you can't put a limit on rent that destroys a free economy.
Sex trafficking syndicates pedophiles and PEDOVORES is one of the great moral issues of our time ENSLAVING CHILDREN !
<=====
Beat you to it Bernie. We elected the person that is already fixing the problem. Maybe you should get on board.
Really?  Who is that?  Things are getting so much worse for us.
USA never fought a war on poverty. Why the war metaphor anyway? I'm sick of it.
Maybe that fine institute could charge less...tell them while uou are there swamp gramps
You are not needed. Trump has already taken care of it. He is forcing lazy asses back to work
Hey Bernie, I think U and the Demi’s love people to be 
In poverty because then we the people have to rely on U and the Dems!  That’s where we were headed w/U idiots in charge/Look at the last 8yrs/no prosperity in sight w/U And dems running the country!

Senator:  Thank you for looking at the war against poverty.  I wish I knew more.  Perhaps methods proven to work in other countries can be shown to work in  U.S.
Be sure to bring your security detail Bernie!  #GunControlNow hypocrite.
How about social equalization? You and all your political friends give up everything to the poor? Then we can talk
You’re telling me. Everytime in history, when governments get too big, the level of poverty grows. Hope to hear you address this.
Will this be live streamed by chance?! I didn't see it say in the article if it would be or not but would love to be able to see this. Thanks <3
Yes, the richer get richer. Stagnation!
Start with taking a Econ 101 class.
Your policies would create more and more poverty, so save us the bs
In the richest country in history there should be no poverty. #Bernie2020
Lower taxes and for the Democratic to leave them alone
And they created more poverty with their War on Poverty.

Poverty was on its way out the door until LBJ.
Said the old RICH communist
Poverty in the U.S can be helped by the socialists like yourself.  Donate a few of those extra homes to combat poverty.

Señor Sanders, una forma de abordar el problema de la pobreza es invertir mas en los ciudadanos y menos en armas y guerras.
Un saludo
Maybe you should work for minimum wage and dpnate the rest of your salary to people that need it. #Hypocrite
The solution is well known. You’re just not a part of it.

Senator would you be willing to sell two of your three lakefront homes and donate the money to the poor? Curious.
Funny you're talking about poverty at one of the priciest universities in the country. #irony
#communism
No No No the MORAL issue that needs to be discussed is the torture and brutal murder of thousands of babies per day by a vacuum! Heinously!
Also senator you and many of your taxpayer cash grabbing buddies have been in way too long but after all this time you and the other idiots don’t have a clue how to combat poverty. Plus now you finally have a president that has single handedly leveled the playing field for jobs
Old man that's just the way things work out. We all can't be poor or rich. But GOD will judge us equally.  Not Socialist/Communist BERNIE SANDERS
Trump is one who colluded with Communists 
Idiot.
We can fix this. We can fix all Americas problems. Simply by stop asking/demanding our government fix it. Every time they put their greedy hands in something it gets worse. Back off!
Got a quick tip for you senator, take your lobbyist cash and salary and donate it like trump does. Then stop the stupid waste of money mueller investigation and take the 10 mil and feed the poor and get them medicine. If you and your on the take colleagues do it, prob solved
I think institutional policies, from trickle down to banking issues to payday loans to housing discrimination and now the attacks on health care and Social Security, all factor in. And there’s also the desire among so many to find easy scapegoats
Problem is, the Democrats no longer care about economic issues.  We need a new party!
Bernie there are a lot of lazy people in America. Alot of them that can work, won't. I work in an entity where half the people that come for help, neither have a job or want a job.
Don't have kids before you're financially stable. We should be giving out the morning after pill like candy.
Sell your sports car...maybe? Getting all the democrats out of office would help too.
This just in: Millionaire bankfrauding inside trader explains poverty to you.
I do think that we all could do more to help those in need. I also think everybody need is different. Just one big change may not help everyone. Some may need education, others aid, some just need a path to lead them out, and sure some may need to just go to work.
And we must accept the fact that some will absolutely refuse the help of self-improvement, opting instead to live on entitlements.
True also
Check out my most recent article that uses data from Academic Olympics to argue for a transformation of English Learner Education in Santa Clara County. Our current system condemns ELs to poverty at the expense of helping whites learn Spanish
Most poverty is in liberal cities.
Poverty has nothing to do with morality.  We could all live in poverty and then with no one to blame. All of us in poverty. Then the Leftist will be happy.
All due respect @SenSanders but these discussions and townhalls involving people who AREN'T in power (actual elected politicians with lobbyist $$) are literally doing nothing. The big money controls everything, and the big money isn't about to roll over because we all had a talk
Take a look at California if you want to address POVERTY.  You can thank The democrats for taxing that state into ruin! PROOF that the dems only care about gaining power and wealth and NOT the welfare of the people!!!
Bank fraud bern the old white poverty pimp
How about quit stealing people’s money for votes, or better yet sell a couple of your homes and donate the money. You have far to much wealth. You don’t need millions of dollars.
This is what the paid trolls are being paid to say.  Get a new one!
