Bernie’s pulling a Trump — “Lock them up! Lock them up!”
Maybe Bernie and Trump can help each other locate the tax returns they promised to release!
Who wants to see Bernie sanders dance the hora at a Jewish wedding?  Or give a fierce sermon at a synagogue ? Or host a family Passover Seder/Chanukah Party ? What do other Jews for Bernie want? #JewsForBernie
Personally I’d like 2see all 3! For 2020 I’m prob going either @elizabethforma or @BernieSanders but this would definitely sway me lol . no Jew has ever won party nomination. Also: no publicly atheist candidate has won south or primary. Also: no socialist either. #2020Thoughts
Why now? This isn’t a new phenomenon.
Hi RecoveryInsider! 

...IKR?

-Dr.G
Maybe the one who should be in prison is you. How did you become a millionaire many times over once you decided to highhack the Democratic Party.

No wonder you hide your taxes.
Here’s the Opioid solution, legalize marijuana and tax it. Opioids are for pain management, marijuana can do that with the high level addiction . Also, when’s the last time you’ve heard of someone dying from a marijuana overdose? Then we use that tax money to fix healthcare.
That’s what I’ve been saying for years! Fuck big pharma. They keep pushing marijuana away because it’ll eat their margins with the side effect of saving many lives that would’ve been lost to pharms
These posts are wrong & irresponsible! I’ve chronic pain & have been on opioids for a decade. Pot doesn’t help me no matter your propaganda. Should it be an option? YES but it ISN’T a cure all & you put millions of chronic pain patients in jeopardy by not supporting our needs
Keep the damn Government out of the DR. Offices. I suffer from chronic pain, but can not get the VA to help. Why Congress is telling the VA not to give to anyone unless they are dying. Fuck the VA and the DEA Hate them both. It is China that is killing people with their smack.
heroin laced with fentanyl is coming in from China and the Government knows it.
This is tragically how Tom Petty died, who was my life long inspiration. The Fentanyl found in his system was the illegal type from China  Yes, the gov does know it’s happening yet they make legal, safe scripts harder to get which only leads ppl to alternative sources
Here’s a few hurdles pain patients jump thru..

*Scripts limited to 30 daysupply w/no refill
*MONTHLY in office appts/check ups
*MONTHLY urine tests. Noncompliance reported = blacklisted
*All scripts tracked by state database
*Strict pharmacy requirements

We‘re not the problem
Can we do the bankers too?
Thats the problem, the Dems want to put everyone in prison except their own criminal colleagues who so deservingly need to be.
Start with Gary magistrelli that rump took bribes from and let Gary off for murder. While hijacking my suits.
It sure is something Congress should DO!!!! I'M WITH YOU BERNIE!! PUT THRM UNDER OATH!!
Heroin and illegally imported fentanyl are the drivers in the high increase in deaths.  Locking up big pharma won't stop heroin, fentanyl laced cocaine or fentanyl laced meth.
Another over-simplistic idea.  He needs to go away
And we want them to be in prison; it's where they belong.
How about legislation to imprison all corporate executives who knowingly expose the public to harm/death for profit?
How bout imprisoning all politicians who take bribes (I mean contributions) from big pharma?
Another crackpot idea.  Focus on campaign finance reform please.  Fix that problem and we'll handle the rest.  Hannity is going to have a field day with your ADHD.  You need to articulate that the buying of elections is our biggest problem.  Americans know this so leverage it!!!
Who would not imprison those who steal and rob...?
Sure but lets lock up the politicians too.
Please do not get rid of good pain killers. I have had back surgery,broke arm, arm surgery and now later need leg surgery. I would have gone crazy without mine.
Distributors control supply and retailers turn it into metrics. Is practice of Pharmacy & Medicine conditioned  by P&L?. To solve #Opioidcrisis we need to look beyond. From Command&Control to ClimateControl. The chill is real. #HarvardHealth #Trump #PainManagement
Why don't we start with politicians that take money from Big Pharma?
B/c that would include Bernie.
Bingo.
Yes
Bernie needs to retire and get out of Washington. We do not want socialism in America.
I agree a 100% with Bernie, anything you can do as an American citizen I will back you. I have already called, emailed my representative in my community, in my capital on this crisis. I do believe the pharmaceutical are liable and we should have hearings to hold them accountable
Why because there legalised drug dealers.
Oh yeah.
Bring out the shackles.
If the people only new what I no but can't talk about.
Al Gore is on the board of many companies.
When did do the Gulags get created by you to start imprisoning people who believe in Democracy?
 How YOU are planning to pass this ? Unicorn dreams dont work in the real world
Your solution to all the government corruption is to just let it happen since we can't change it anyway? He could pass this is we voted candidates that actually cared about the people into Congress.
Go Bernie! Show @realDonaldTrump how it's done!
Show what? Being as big a Russian stooge.
So let me understand this. An individual chooses to take opioids, overdoses and dies. The executive is supposed to know this individual could do this so he/she should have to pay? Where is personal responsibility?
#Feeltheburn Vincent Summer s and Andrew McGregor and Jim Rickard s Agree With @TheBeatWithAri @JeffBezos @BillGates @PennyPritzker
#Retire
So does the rest of America!
Controlling access, age and quality, instead of financing
corruption pyramid for globally tax-free Mafia monopoly,
presented by corporations like HSBC's 5 week revenue sentence 
due to washing billions of drug cartel and (PNAC's state) terrorist $:"Layer Cake"
STOP
HSBC
IROJ
PNAC
It's a great idea Bernie, but Pharma has too much money and too many politicians on their payroll.
And have them flogged naked for the misery and loss of lives that their greed has caused so many uncounted people who suffer from disease?
Imprison Big Pharma? Guess who is #6 of most lobby money in DC?
Pharmaceutical Research & Manufacturers of America  $346,459,050


BERNIE YOU'RE CORRECT EXPOSING THEM TRUMP ON YOUR SIDE
This great CDC NAVAL M.D. FOUND DEAD 6.5 MILES FROM HIS HOUSE
BERNIE who runs BIG PHARMA? WHY 90 HOLISTIC MD'S MYSTERIOUSLY DIED? THINK SHADOW GOVT! ROD ROSENSTEIN'S SISTER CDC DIRECTOR!
Good! They are Criminals..
Drug companies need to share the wealth. 
 Use your billions to support recovery efforts in all states.

They are the most dangerous pushers on Earth
He can add bank, Nestle, (for poisoning water supplies so they can buy up all the clean water) big oil, (destroying the environment with pipelines) and any other person/CEO in charge of a corporation guilty of harming people.
Of course Bernie wants to imprison big pharma. That’s what a socialist dictator would do. That’s why we don’t want a socialist communist state.  Instead we must work with the healthcare industry to drive costs down. Lower costs are a win-win for everyone!
hey commie.bernie...ovr in the uk govt healthcare wont save a childs life possibly in italy.this is wh@ govt does.they tell uwhat uneed & wh@ ucant sosocialismsucks.the people have no say.f/u & your gov job handout idea.u just want govt 2 control free people .#Trump2020LandSlide
Why doesen't Bernie want to imprison some of the Big Pocket politicians!!!!
Bernie ... can you ever come to terms stop being a Socialist, by way of Brooklyn, and state you were Screwed by the DNC with help and guidance of Hillary!! In sum you NEVER had a chance and The guy from Queens was spot on above what happened to you !!
Big pharma corrupted Cory booker.   A rising hope in the dem party.  Now most progressives don’t trust him.  Bernie, tulsi, Elizabeth warren, Nina turner stay with us!!
That is stupid do you realize how much it cost to keep someone in prison, why not fine them personally for million of dollars in fines and the company they work with. The only prison millionaire hate is losing they money.
Bernie wants to imprison all capitalists or murder them like Stalin did.
how about imprisoning the socialists in America who support segregation
Guess who's more dangerous to America? People who rig elections by FRAUDULENTLY PURGING 126K+ NY voters, & those who remain silent about it.
Take back alll their related profit and put it to related public health expenses so we don’t have to pay for this.
Everything that is wrong in life and with the world can be blamed on corporate executives. There is no individual responsibility just corporate. You are a true Marxist.
Free Martin Shkreli he aint done shit
Senator Sanders scheme only exacerbates the problem. It is the heavy hand of legislation which created this crisis, through:

1. Health insurance artificially increasing the price of opioids to obscene levels; and

2. The limitation of dosages, by law, to ineffective levels.
They're getting away with it.  Laws have to change.
Doctors were paid "speaker fees" at expensive dinners, for them and their spouses, where they were not actually required to speak.  CEO claims no intention to pay for prescriptions, which would be an illegal kickback if paid for by a federal program. https://www.wsj.com/articles/former-warner-chilcott-executive-acquitted-of-kickbacks-charge-1466185569 …
Who are they?
"Duped and abandoned students want to imprison Jane O'Meara Sanders"
People can’t be responsible for their own actions?
@SenSanders I agree that ppl must b held accountable for the opioid crisis. BUT plz don't forget that there r ppl who take these meds responsibly & rely on them for quality of life! That is missing from the discussion & could result n meds being restricted from ppl who need them!
Please help to get their ads off TV!!  Legally pushing drugs to all people of US - no one should be  programmed to go ask their doc for drugs (so they have a ‘pretty’ life, like the one on TV)!
However you do nothing to actually change the system! What about patents, for example?
nice lets do it bern man lets imprison half your party as well then im down fuck it lets put everyone in jail
Yes please!
I have an idea... instead of taking money from pharmaceutics... let’s work with them to provide cheaper medicine. Cheaper medicine... cheaper healthcare. Cheaper healthcare, more access. More access and everyone pays their own way. Everybody wins.
But not Gun Manufacturing Executives. @mic
Just arrest every ceo  and owner of anyone in the pharmaceutical industry
Go AWAY BERNIE WE WILL NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER VOTE FOR YOU!
I don’t know about prison but I understand the sentiment. We need federal legislation to insure the health and wellbeing all ALL Americans #MedicareForAll , and affordable medications.
We have a serious problem in this country of CEOs & corporations doing tremendous harm in the name of profits, and actually getting rewarded for it. So it keeps happening, and gets worse each time. Bernie is right, we need real accountability.
So sorry. The rigged the primaries from you.
20) #Qanon wants us to compare old and new posts.
He clarified that at the #TarmacMeeting Loretta Lynch was promised (by Hillary) Ruth Bader Ginsburg's spot on the Supreme Court when she retired not Antonin Scalia's. 
Socialized MediCare at its finest
Bernie is an idiot and should retire to one of his mansions that were paid for by us.
How about people who scam banks
Bernie needs to go to a galaxy far far away.  Oh yeah his brain is already there.
Free health care, gtd jobs for all, now wanting to imprison citizens, sure sounds like communist agenda
Well Susan Sarandon needs to stop peddling Tylenol then...
Me, too.
Pharma Benefits From Every Trump Edict:
End ACA, drive up prices

Border Wall stops flow of cheap meds

China's production of cheap RX meds is the real factory threat
Wars with Korea/MidEast stem mass Opiods produced cheaply

End EPA, cause health issues & drives up costs
GO TO SLEEP BERNIE,,,FOREVER
,God Bless you Bernie ,  stay. healthy.,
@SenBooker Corey Booker is going to be pissed!
Booker actually has ppl to vote for his ideas. Bernie says the democrats are failures. Why would they vote for anything he wants?!
Amen, Senator Sanders!
Go to hell, Bernie.  Your fake outrage isn’t fooling anyone.
Aren’t they prescribed by doctors? Except the ones that come in through open borders. It’s like blaming McDonald’s because you are fat
How about the government officials who helped create the ‘crisis’? Regardless of how ‘big pharma’ is, they couldn’t do anything without the legal enforcement and restrictions imposed by the government.
It’s a start
And every politician that accepts money from these companies
Is this true Bern?
Big Pharm definitely responsible.
Imprison socialists while you're at it. It'll help the world.
Wait, I'm now confused. I thought the reason he voted against hold gun manufacture responsible was because if a person misused their product, it wasn't the gun manufactures fault...now it's Big Pharma CEO's fault? This isn't making any sense to me.
You mean drug lords who have circumvented the law to legally sell narcotics? I’m on board.
What about gun maufacturers?
Hello
I think the world almost starts the war
However I know the people can change the world more peaceful
Please listen to this song
I made it for the world peace
I need your power
Thank you

YESSSSSSS! Don't forget the bankers
I’d like to imprison Bernie for joking about rape and cancer. Is there a sign-up sheet?
Bernie they’re basically mafia
Start bringing charges!  Let's do something instead of just talking about it.
But still Bernie keeps the Health Insurance PONZI SCHEME going, pumping up the price of medical care in this country:
 http://popular-capitalist.org/EconomicsOfMedicine.html …
Medicare for all
Medicare is health insurance and is therefore part of the problem. What I proposed as a solution in 2009 was:
1. The abolition of health insurance; and
2. The establishment of Municipal Medical Departments (MMDs) providing care free to the patients, training free to med students.
That would be great, but how about the politicians that took the blood money to allow them to get away with what they have done?
Jewish Pharmaceutical Company Bayer admits to adding the AIDS virus to Asperin, and is now merging with another Jewish Corporation Monsanto who poisons our food supply. The Monsanto Corporation also owns Pepsi and Pepsi uses aborted fetal cells as a “flavor enhancer”.
Friedrich Bayer’s Mother is Ashkenazi Jew Catharina Utermann. The Monsanto Family were Jewish slave traders who started the Monsanto chemical company. They poison and control our food supply among other things..
How refreshing to hear someone speak for a few solid minutes without some host interrupting
Are you worried about Bernie’s sanders ?
that's funny Pharma execs not the CIA bringing in the poppy from Afghanistan set up the whole thing there is a use for this drug you'll never know until you're in chronic pain the abuser and the drug addict and the criminals is how we dictate laws now it's insane

Who’s behind big pharma and the opium crisis?
Does anyone or group in our government regulate the pharmaceuticals companies pricing in anyway? Is there any protection for the American consumer that a much needed drug's price is made so expensive that only the rich can afford it ?
You need to go away
Yeah and I want to imprison all socialist, but sadly I can’t.
With you, man!
#Bernie wants a lot and gets absolutely nothing!
Let me see..i dont take opium...maybe because i choose not too...swamp gramps
Please do, Greed Money Power needs to learn lessons
I think across the nation the people are growing weary of the endless scandals of the parasite greed and the money that smothers the best interest of the nations people and future in favour of greed vested interest & realise the propaganda corp that manipulates public opinion
Reportedly the current administration's goal seems to be Authoritarianism.Control the Judiciary, Control the Democratic Free Press- their all lying, fake news, only me & my State Run Media are the one's telling u the truth, don't believe anyone else, etc.etc.Very dark road ahead.
The free press not all are equal the public broadcaster in AUS Murdoch ex?? employee has been appointed accept what you are told by powerful vested interest at your and your nations expense
Imprison Ben Carson.
How about turn back The Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986 that says it does not hold big pharma liable for ANY vaccine injury. Because not holding someone liable is a sure way of getting a corrupt and sub-par product.
Big pharma has killed thousands of Americans by their greedy, complicit and negligent actions. They should go to jail and should return the death money to the victims and their families.
Best idea you’ve had since well ... in a long time. 
#MAGA #MAGA
Why dont you fight to end the war on drugs??? Which will save everyones life, as opposed to this grandstanding for idiots bs that literally will do nothing except waste time while more people die. #endthedrugwar

-  The British Won the War &  Local merchants and Chinese Government had to pay (6 million dollars) for the British to withdraw from the war from "CANTON"
"THE TREATY OF NANKING "1842"
I’d like the imprison senators for crimes against the constitution and the American people.
Political grandstanding, Bernie. I'm disappointed in you. 
Watch "The Wire." Or maybe "Breaking Bad." Putting some suits in jail ain't gonna stop the heroin or the meth labs. This is an issue that begins with economic inequality, not corporate villains.
- Then  A bunch of battles would continue between the British and the Chinese then the Chinese would lose against the British due to one major factor!
- The British  Used the 1st steam power warship called the ("NEMESES") launched in 1839 which destroyed the Chinese! 
Me too.
- The British Government  Refused to reimburse the British merchants  So there became a major feud over composition for the destroyed opium the British government said the Chinese government are responsible for reimbursement for the destroyed opium
- Then ("Lin Zexu")  Put a BLOCKADE to stop all ports & smugglers from importing OPIUM into China
- The British  Merchants demanded pay back from the British Government for the destruction of all the opium's destroyed By("Lin Zexu")
The Communist Stooge Bernie Lenin Square Sanders
Lock them up! 
- ("Lin Zexy")  Confiscated and then destroyed more than a 1000 TONS of illegal seized from the British trades under the order of ("Lin Zexu")  The Imperial commissioner of China June 3rd 1839"!)
Good Move!!! Mr. Bernie it should have been decades ago....
We moved from Europe to get away from your communist wishes.
- ("December 1838"), the  Emperor ("DAOGAUANG")  Send the commissioner ("Lin Zexu") to "CANTON"  To go deal with the problem ("Lin Zexu") Implied the ("DEATH PENALTY") to anyone who IMPORTED opium or POSSESSED the drug OPIUM
i want to imprison the Obama administration for treasonous behavior
-The British was able to bypass the ports by using smugglers and corrupt Police and Government officials were profiting and large of amounts  Up financial restitution
-In The 1830 is the British flooded the black market with opium receiving silver and return for payment!
How about sending politicians who lie and take donations as bribes to prison,  you Communist Clown? 
-  Opium became very popular in China around the 18th century the Chinese government tried to ban the drug coming through the ports of China because of the British was flooding China with large amounts of bangle opium by the British East company 1800's 
- A  Psychoactive drug to induce or altered state of consciousness for pleasure and emotions for the user that is on opiums.  If not use for a medical purpose which was the primary use for a Opium made BY THE BRITISH 
What about the doctors who prescribe them and then fail to help the patient get safely off them? As much as I would like to blame large pharm that lines all y’all pockets, let’s actually look at the real problem of prescribe and forget by many docs who really don’t give a shit.
- OPIUM Mainly used for Medicine purposes  Only and as a aphrodisiac purpose and then when the Portuguese introduced tobacco from North America than the Chinese started mixing the tobacco and opium together for recreational drug uses only for a psychooactive drug.
I hate you. 
#BernieTheFraud

I admire you so much! Please do 
-Then how could The Britsh trade for Goods???
- There  Was a crop in British controlled India called opium poppy a reddish Brown heavy scented addictive drug prepared from the juices of the opium poppy use as or narcotic and a medicine as a anesthetic known as early as 8th AD
So he votes to give big pharma a leg up and special allowances over generic manufacture's in Obamacare and now wants them in jail for doing exactly what the law allows. Time for Bernie to go away.
Please go away old man and take up knitting.
- The British used Gold  Standard currency so the British had to buy silver from other countries so they could trade with China that created a huge trade deficit. 
Bullshit, Bernie.
- The British  Dealt with middle man called " COHONG"  They charged heavy prices to cover the high taxes.
- The  Chinese were not intrested in any European imports was limited and payment to the Chinese was only expected and silver and the British used Gold currency 
But gun makers get a pass
That law was a price of flaming garbage. To give you an idea of what it did: let’s say you are a utensils manufacturer, you sell them to a store, the store sells them to a random consumer. Ten years later, despite the person passing the checks to buy your item, they use it to 1/
Kill someone. Well, under said law, you’d be liable for “enabling” someone to kill someone with your utensils. Swap utensils for guns, see the problem? Your at fault years later despite never directly interacting and after they’d passed the needed checks.
Note: this person blocked me after/before replying. At a speed so fast that either A) it is a bot account, or B) they are the fastest thing alive. Also to said person: if you don’t like opposing opinions and fact checking, why are you in a public forum.
*? (After “forum”)
You're right, it set a terrible precedent.
Opioids are great when not abused. You can’t litigate stupid Bernie. Seems you’re trying to remove all personal responsibility and let the government handle everything for everyone. Sounds great unless you like freedom.
The only thing bernie sanders wants is for the legit opioid user that are in pain has to pay more money. Bernie Sanders is a absolutely idiotic moron
- The British had a strong and want and need for Chinese TEA.  There were 2 major problems the British government was facing European merchants could not have any direct contact with Chinese market  And the British were restricted to a small merchants corner city of "CANTON"
“Bernie thinks serial killers are bad” #LowHangingFruit
Sadly true, but someone has to say it.
-  In (1549) (Francis Xavier) a Jesuit  Arrived from ( GOA)  To introduce Christianity to the Japanese. 

- The  Chinese product like silk and porcelain became a high interests in the West European in the 1700s
Bernie is BS
Yes, those are his initials. What he says, however is not.
So do I.
-Regular trade between Europe government and Chinese government started earliest 16 hundreds sense the arrival of the Portuguese in(1543) 3,Portuguese travelers aboard a Chinese ship drifted ashore on (Tanegashima) a  Small island near(Kyushu).They were the 1st to visit Japan
This is the first time ol Bern has said something that makes sense
Trump wants to kill drug dealers.
that could be very scary news 4 big Pharma executives, b/c they ARE drug dealers, and trump wants the DEATH PENALTY 4 drug dealerslol
Jerk. idiot moron.
Someone went after drug companies for   a while back now.....
Yep.... on the ground running.
That’s my senator! 
THIS IS THE WAY.
- 1600's China stayed away from other nations Governments trading because of negative and bad foreign influence than the middle Kingdom would change due to 2 , major imports #1- TEA & #2- OPIUM. 1700's - 1800's. FROM EAST INDIA BRITISH TRADE 
Good. Also - Can we pass a law against all politicians who lie to the American people? Like, in general? On the news? “If you’re a politician and you are caught lying in public, while elected to any office, you automatically get 1 year of jail per lie”
Good
Do we have to stop with Big Pharma? Can we go after the financial services industry? Also, folks responsible for state sponsored torture? Anyone else? I'm on a roll...
This is a complete joke the individuals to blame for the opiate problem are the British government who produces the opiates & who imports them to other nations such as China, France and United States of America and that's been proven through 2 past Wars China & France opium wars
Yes, please.
Hey, fair play. You jail the dealers and users. Let's hold the people responsible for ruining millions of lives and families accountable.
At this going, he will not be elected. As much as I want to see them all in prison, PLUS, their paid prostitutes in Washington, both, in Congress and on K street, if he says that aloud, they will spend a lot of money so he's not reelected to anything of note. :)
I want to imprison the doctors at #alderhey and the judges protecting them for attempted murder and crimes against humanity! #SaveAlfieEvans #FreeAlfie #alfiesarmy
Living in glass houses & throwing stones, huh Bernie? Why don’t we imprison your criminal wife for her fraud? How about that?
But Don't hold your breath
Can any one say about the van attack
Crazy stuff in Syria no
Should imprison legislators for wasting taxpayers money. You could actually claim bipartisanship. Cell mates from both sides of the aisle.
So do I !!! Go Bernie!
Go Bernie GO... go do your job that you were elected to do and ARE PAID to do.. watch your back though because you know what can happen... remember the DNC nomination... history indicates there is no honor in your party!
For once I actually agree with Bernie.
They deserve more than imprisonment.
BERNIE2020
Bernie when are you going to reform Congress? Campaign finance reform? ~$5,000,000 needs to be raised to run for Congress? Congress pays $175,000/year. You don’t think there’s something wrong with the numbers?? We the people know there’s something with the numbers.
makes sense if they really did know (which they must have), even if not they should still be held accountable for letting such unacceptable ignorance cost the country.
