Bernie playbook: (insert name here) is a disastrous choice for (insert position here) 

You need a new thing, Bernie
There's always a detailed and thoughtful statement following those calls,  have you listened why he believes this?
He’s making these calls based on Pompeo’s personal ideals on domestic issues. Secretary of State is a job, primarily focusing on international relationships. We need someone balanced between left and right. Not the Socialist extremists that Bernie would want.
You see the hearing? It's a mess.
I’m going to go back and re-watch it. I was at my real job at the time.
Hi Dave:  Who issues the dollars we use to pay tax and invest in treasury bonds?   Also, are treasury bonds like household private debt owed to banks?  Or simply a savings account at the federal reserve?  Thanks, I await your reply.
Why do you ask questions to which you already know the answers? If you don’t know the answers I would advise you to ask an investment professional (which I am not). But perhaps there is a point to your perceived condescending tone?
Two reasons:  You’re running for office & you don’t seem to understand what either socialism or capitalism are 
Coming from a communist that would rip up the constitution in a second if he had the chance.
If he was a communist, I would have supported his candidacy
Why not just move to Russia or another communist country. 

Too many armed patriotic Americans here for it to ever morph into your fantasy.
Or support Russia in their attacks to our democracy....
The Democrats and their media counterparts do more to damage our democracy than Russia ever could.
Ok, but both sides publicly agreed that the $ that went into infiltrating our social media posing as "Patriots" was to undermine our democracy and that if there isn't a plan it will only get worse in the future, esp since they had tasted success.
And what about Fox and associates? Do you think they are unbiased, objective news? That's why I do not watch or listen to any of it unless it is to hear their twists. They are there to try to form opinions for you.
Most shows on Fox or opinion shows like Sean Hannity. The difference is is they have all different types of opposing views. On CNN they'll be a panel of Jake Tapper or Alice Cooper moderating six other leftist Democrats all saying the exact same thing, how interesting is that?
Bwahahaha, you are a socialist, you do not believe in the constitution  again ,lying!!
Do your homework.
I could care less , Bernie is a socialist swine !! That's a fact ! Do your homework
Unless you make 250k+ a yr, you wouldn't be contributing more according to his ideas.Even then,it would be minimal. 250K is where it begins for paying more towards programs already in place today along w other proposals that work for regular people.That in itself isn't socialism.
Furthermore, democratic socialism is just plain socialism . Thanks to that democratic socialist F.D.R. this country already has too many democratic socialism programs as is . Capitalism , you reap what you sow , socialism , you reap what others sow .
employees while they rig the system. That is what is happening as of now.
Learn to take care of yourself . You don't get ahead waiting for someone to do it for you .

Men of real substance and work ethic, much less who have worked in the society of America, truly scare you, Bernie who got his first job as a mayor, age 40.  You don’t know the struggle.
Journalist and writer are jobs
Please stop him! Between Pompeo and Bolton - who we can't stop - we've got a war regime in the making!
A war regime then the piece talk with NK is just not real right?
Lets hope it's not another "piece" of talk.  NK has lost enough to us. IF we can stop threatening them every year with war games, perhaps there will be PEACE?
Well it is a step in the right direction. This administration is the first to get them to talk! They also want the end to the NK war which a treaty was never signed.
Obstruction is all you know. What a sad selfish virtue signalling pansy
So you don’t want piece with North Korea then? Because Pompeo was the one that is brokering the meeting between @realDonaldTrump and The North Korean leader
I mean were you not for the bombing of Syria when their was still no proof of the Chemical attack?
Didn’t he say he was against it?
Nope. Excellent choice. Anybody who opposes is solely due to childish tantrums over dislike for Trump.
Just like every Bernie Sanders post, there’s a sh*tload of trolls here. I love it!!!!
The left doesn’t want Pompeo because he is ending the #KoreanWar and they know it. The #deepstate prefers war over peace. Don’t let them succeed! #ApprovePompeo now!
People like him do not end wars unless there is another motive.. do your homework.
You are an obstructionist, socialist fraud and a real disaster.
Bernie Sanders, you are so out of touch with reality, I don't really care about your opinion.
That’s unfortunate, because he’s going to be the next president
Haha Haha....PRESIDENT TRUMP2020
LOL No way he will be lucky if he makes to 2020
NOT Lucky ,qualified .He is at least doing what he said he would for our country .Unlike Obama that destroyed our healthcare,our budget or lack thereof & allowed infiltration by over 180 Muslim brotherhood in the government without being vetted.if your are not happy ,return gains
Qualified at lying cheating and many other nasty things maybe. HE IS IN NO WAY QUALIFIED TO LEAD OUR GREAT COUNTRY OR THE PEOPLE IN IT!!!!
We had a choice of 2 people last election. One was a proven liar and in no way I would trust her to run this country. The other was Trump. You know the results. Now you will have to suck it up like people did with President Obama.
Suck it up?MY honor to serve this man in any way he needs for me to serve.He is the hope we the people elected ,for our country .America was in deep after 8 years of that treasonous prick Obama.Potus loves our country and ALL those within our borders legally .
Your stupid follower hahahaha
You are a disaster as a Senator. Inneffectve, and irrelevant. You'd rather they fire a nuke at us? Retire you useless sack of crap
Andrew McGregor and I agree #Feeltheburn Pompeo unfit for The Job  @MaddowBlog @PreetBharara @davidfrum @greta @RBReich @AllMattNYT
He must be doing something correct, to get @SenSanders in such a rage! God Bless America!
He will still fight for you as you vote against yourself.
Hello Bernie ALL of Trumps picks are disastrous...ex, Betsy sec of Ed she’s the worst because our children our future are at risk!  
your wife should be jail for theft and embezzlement.
SOB
Takes a disaster to know a disaster. #NeverBernie
Huh, so is that why Pompeo sought the advice of Hillary Clinton for his hearings?
Good one. But still, #NeverBernie
You’re a fucking zealot.
Lol. Oh, how much fun it is to get under the skin of these little #BernieBrats Go find your free tuition while I hit the mute button. And by the way... #NEVERBERNIE 
A lot of young voters sure like him, but don't let that stop you; I'm in favor of #DemExit, so please go on hating this policy-driven, popular reformer, in favor of your New Red Scare & meaningless #VoteBlue platitudes. This is how 3rd parties rise, #Whig.
Democrats have an amazing new policy platform, meant to convince the next generation that Dems have a concrete plan to reform the corrupt political system that has failed Millennials so badly. Ready? Here it is:…
Ok. You’re so so misled. #NeverBernie Go look for free stuff while we grown ups take the wheel, little one. #BernieBrats #ILoveTheMuteButton
"free stuff" -- I see it's gotten to the point where y'all are literally co-opting Republican/conservative talking points. How much longer till we start hearing from Dems that the rich are "job creators" who need more tax cuts?
Socialism is a disastrous choice for any country, we must defeat it.


Say it with me: DEMOCRATIC Socialism

At least have the sense to proofread your bullshit
Ok, let's try this.  California has been trying this failed tactic for decades, which is why they have tent cities.  This brand of government will never work in America because we have too much (diversity) that's the nice way of saying freeloaders that don't ante in.
And yet California has the sixth largest economy in the world. So yea, they must be doing something right. And who are the freeloaders? Don't be scared to say what you mean.
Bern - u are a joke and need to resign!
I'm voting Trump in 2020 to spite you and getting everyone I know to vote Trump. How DARE you sue @wikileaks when it simply published the corrupt words of people who cheated @BernieSanders. You stole $200 million from voters to his campaign. Show your servers to the FBI for once
Thank you Senator for your fight for the American people, esp at a time when people use headlines to build their opinions. The fact that so many of them are on your page trying so hard to change views means they are slowly awakening to reality.
You're an idiot and a corrupt lying politician who sold out his own supporters.
You have lost all credibility please go away.
No, he will not although I'm sure you wish truths wouldn't be revealed by him.
Truth, he knows nothing about the truth.  He sold you out to Hillary Clinton hahahhahha
He probably could have won the election over President Trump. But Bernie and the DNC along with Clinton and the democratic party sold you moronic liberals out. hahahhaahahah the truth hahaha
Btw...Sanders isn't and has never been about 1 election, or even 1 person. He initially ran to share his message, which he effectively did and still does. He doesn't go back under a rock after elections some ALL GOP candidates have.
It's sad that Hillary Clinton is even a topic of discussion anymore. When you base your views on hate, it always ends bad. There is a whole lot more to discuss than Clinton nowadays, though you prob wldnt know that if u use Fox or associates for "news".
Good luck with that Barney, go vacationing some where far away with your girlfriend killary
You go ride off in the sunset with your p**sy grabbing president
You are ruining our country

And you are a disaster for president you want us to have higher taxes to pay for your gimmicks
Hey you grumpy old man, I want to live FREE in YOUR home. I want YOU to pay me to work for YOU. I want YOU to feed me & let me have your car. Are YOU going to dictate that small business owners hire people they don’t need? #AntiAmericanCommunist
from a person who was paid off by the Clinton campaign and whose wife is under investigation for bank fraud. A real stand up guy
We're doomed with the unfit #president and council. The world is in serious trouble these people are self absorbed and take advantage of everything that brings the dollar bills for themselves
If crazy bernie doesnt like him he must be spectacular
You didn't even call Hillary out. When she stole your nomination with Voter Fraud. There's the real collusion. Thats just one reason your not relevant. Pompeo is perfect choice. He's not a criminal lacky like the Dems are used too. So I understand your disappointment.
Thank god no one important listens to you. You are thed best reason for term limits. Millionaire on the government dime. Sick.
Give it up Bernie your friend's a Democrat so make sure you're out of the race just like Hillary did your other friend
You're a disastrous choice for America. Socialists should be tried for treason. You are the exact cancer our founding fathers warned us against.
You’re nuts.

Haha you lose again
Bull
Yeah yeah yeah...suck it

Pathetic obstructionist
Why?
Agreed.
Not sure how our government has come to the place that we allow communist people look you in the senate. You are sick man Bernie
You’re a disastrous choice bern
Bernie, you prefer welfare and foodtstamps for all, rather than encouraging people to work and earn a living.
The idea that Kim might give up the nukes is driving you insane(r)?
Ya, top in class at West Point...you’re a F-ing fool...perfect man for the job...
Anyone on the same “wavelength” as that sorry excuse for a president is a disaster.  BERNIE 2020!
Retire you mumbling idiot
And WHO would you suggest? This man has more experience then ANYONE you've suggested.
Oh wait, AS USUAL,YOUVE suggested NO ONE
With all due respect @SenSanders, you are a disastrous senator #MAGA  Mike Pompeo
God I wish Bernie Sanders was our president.
The only thing "Disastrous" here is you and the fact we have a Communist in the Senate...
You need a history lesson if you truly believe Sanders is communist...how have our people gotten this ignorant?? It will be the demise of our country.
Any nomination from Trump must be defeated. Trump doesn't even know who or what he is appointing to what.
He’s going to be way too old in 2020
Yes...two years older
Currently 76+2+4. By the time his term is done he will be 82. Doesn’t matter, he will get robbed in the primaries by the DNC again. lol
Pompeo is smarter than every democrat politician combined. Your post help prove my point.
Now that's hysterical,  Mike "Duh" Pompeo!
I'm not defending Pompeo or Trump, but who is @SenSanders to lecture anyone about understanding the Constitution?
How is Jane’s bank fraud case going?
Well said Bernie!!!
Does your paycheck say United States of America or Russia. Because ever step of the way you're against our country.  In my mind you're a traitor to America.
@SenSanders is my hero
He is but so far that has gotten us no where without a more balanced congress. Vote your conscience and policy change. What are your National values. We Are all Americans not a person in America. We must listen, compromise, open our minds and think of others before ourselves.
What is it to be a part of a community? In my mind it is a feeling of fellowship with others, as a result of sharing common attitudes, interests, and goals. This should dictates individual actions.
Just like the rest of his cabinet. I swear it's like he's trying to destroy the country from within.
Keep speaking up sir!!! You are one of few who have the courage! We appreciate you more than you know!!!!!!!!!
I would vote for him just because you don’t like him.
At this point Bernie, we the American people are numb.  He’ll be fired or resign in a controversial manner anyway. Sooo bring on the next republican hypocritical douche
Blow it out all of your holes Bernie!
well im sure the democrats will help defeat him.  LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
That’s a negative, ghost rider!
Evangelicals
Way to go Mr. Sanders,speak ur mind. #yrealtalk
You're anti-American and an embarrassment,
How?
Thank you for securing his vote anyting you hate I will gladly do
Hey Bernie, be honest and tell the truth how you’d agreed to clinton nomination before running, and u just wanted to pad your accts !   Wormie Bernie!
I wondered about that. He didn't speak up about anything.
No!   Your disastrous communist 2 cent head is whats the problem!
Too late, we’ve got him.  #MAGA
Just like you would have been a disastrous choice as POTUS.  You could not even beat hillary.  What a joke!
But most likely *won't* be.
Perish the thought that we would actually have a competent individual at the State Department. We certainly have never had that with democrat choices.
Too late. You lost again.
Or you and the dimms are trying to create a disaster by not approving Pompeo so the ending of the Korean War can actually happen. You want to continue the failed policies. You are anti-american.
GTH Sanders
Not half as bad of a choice as you and Hillary were for president.  Comical AND athletic that you still have a job
Bernie while running for President you said people don’t need 2 cars. Citizens don’t need a couple cars but you need 3 houses including a lakeside house
How is it that One man can find so many grossly incompetent &/or repulsive people to fill All of Hus Cabinet positions.!  Seriously.! He must really have to study up to find just the right equal to his vile mentality.
#stopberniesbigmouth
Tough Bernie. He's another fighting against globalist takeover
You stood there and promoted the Muslim faith and the terror they bring with them I understand you may be senile but I remember the towers the planes the families they destroyed may hell take you soon
Bernie, you will lose again
Agree, he will push for more wars in the Middle East, it’s time for soldiers to go home, enough blood has been shed
You’re a traitor for not standing up to Hillary for rigging your chance to a rightful run Chicken  Oh yea, she bought you a home on the beach & a new car  Resign for no guts
Don’t you ever get tired of being wrong?

Please Bernie enlighten me on the constitution that you know nothing about. I am guessing you know a lot about the communist manifesto and rules for radicals but not much on the us constitution
Too late! The Assistance dems are already hopping onboard the pompo train.
None of these points have to do with the role of Secretary of State. Bernie perhaps you don’t understand.
You would say the same thing if Churchill were alive and up for nomination.
We, the people, don't get to approve his nomination. We, the people, just get to take what DC pushes up our asses. Talk to your buddies in DC, not us...if my opinion mattered, both Hillary and Trump would have colon cancer
Hate to say it but I agree with Bernie.
You are the disaster!
barnie, you would not like anybody for SOS.  You need to retire.  You have your millions. Just an old wind bag, you are.
Bernie 
He is the Perfect person for the Job.. Guess who WASNT the best man for President??
You are always wrong.  How is that possible?
Well, the Senate's DINOS that think that can't be re-elected if they don't buck the Trump are going to betray their citizens here. Hopefully the folks back home will primary them come the next election cycle. Might as well be a Republican if you vote like one.
Bernie shame on you! All the laws you & your wife have broken, all the laws the Democrats have broken, all the laws Obama & his administration have broken, gun running by Eric Holder- such a hypocrite! ALL of you belong in jail!
You wouldn’t support any republican nomination. Admit it
@GRECOBroker @SenSanders So NOW your Twitter page says you are the longest serving Independent?  What a joke. You sign up with any party to their destruction.  You are loyal to none, much less independents.  Your page is a fraud.
@GRECOBroker Hey Bernie. Whenever your face pops up on Twitter, I find it impossible not to blame you for Hillary's loss ie the Dems loss, as much as Trump and the Russians.  Without you, we would have prevailed. Get lost.
Mr. Sanders, no, Socialism is a disastrous choice. #TermLimits #The Gig Is Up
Senator Sanders hold on, we support you in your fight that has always been fair to all Americans !
Why? In your mind everyone other than a socialist would be disasterous.
Explain why
Please stop Bernie
Yes we know.  So please take care of the business you were elected for rather then tweeting.  
And you made millions without ever working a real job ! How did you do it?
Not enough information mr. senator! The problem with Society is everybody points fingers and says one thing. Spell it out give me examples why he should not be Secretary of State.
Shut it Sanders.
Peace with North Korea depends on it. We must nominate him!
If you don't like him, I'm for him

Should I Drop This Though? 
If Bernie says it, believe the opposite.
#Resist
You are disastrous and must be defeated.
Bernie just worry about your wife going to jail. #Draintheswamp
America needs leaders like you , to teach Americans  how to understand people around world  and how to respect to different cultures and different believers ( democracy)
America needs leader like you to fight for Climate change
I’m sure Venezuela’s climate strategy is sooooo much better when socialism took over since their economy is dead and people are starving.

Guess that’s the ultimate goal. Starve to death your people and claim victors of climate  

#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Look the Constitution is what protects the people. Remember I talked about the due process and three strikes you're out for immigrants. Well apply that to Trump and this man here you are worried about. Whenever it contradicts the Amendment, or puts the people in danger and
Remember this is you home field, so they won't be able to weasel through anything , because you and the others will immediately out a stop to whatever it is they are trying to do and issue a warning and then another warning and then removal from office.
You are part of the obstruction
WHY?
Yes, why Bernie?  Explain your comment!
Yes let's put someone like Hillary in there
Disastrous????  My guess is he won’t leave 5 Americans to die in far off embassy. Just sayin
We need a Senator in Vermont who works for the people of Vermont not a Feeble old Communist
All of Trumps "picks" for his administration are disastrous.
THIS IS ILLEGAL TRUMP DID NOT GET CONGRESS APPROVAL
Are you in agreement with Levi that "white privilege " doesn't exist?

Agreed
Bernie Bernie Bernie lololololololololololol
Is there no end to the kind of bigoted yes men that #NotMyPresident, Trump can find to take these very serious positions of power in government? Heads of Corporations in seats of power, who would love nothing else than to Turn Our Country into the haves (in power) & have-nots!
Eexactly how we feel about your reelection. You should resign or u should get your affairs in order
Add Gina Haspel to the list for her roll in committing torture and renditions.
Agree
I agree. He probably also had a hand in this
trump still thinks GREAT presidents start wars
But he fits perfectly with this WH, which is full of slime!!!
If I think about what’s happening with America’s political system for more than four seconds, my ears begin to ring and my head begins to hurt. You’re all fucked. I’m sorry.
Do any of you Bernie Sanders supporters even question the fraudulent activities of this moron's wife? And even he himself? A man of the people my ass. He's a fraud like the rest of the politicians and you people are being duped!
First one of your followers shoots congressmen... now this. How can you be trusted...
Bernie would make a better President than Trump.
No, Bernie is not a fighter, he just rolls over
Amen Bernie!
The better question is why was Pompeo moved in the first place? Did he know something or were his palms greased?

Bernie ... the other troll ! #TrumpRussia
Do your country a favor and have a heart attack

Love these videos!
Keep fighting for us Bernie!
#peepeetape
Never Pimpeo!
I get it, but it sounds a lot like what you said about Tillerson.
Amen brother.
Based on what facts @BernieSanders please explain
Our organization, #AmericanMuslimWomensEmpowermentCouncil has worked tirelessly with #CIA’s outreach to #empower and uplift #Muslim #American #women, Yes! and we welcome #MikePompeo as #SecretaryofState. @POTUS @CIA @StateDept
If you don’t want him then he’s the best choice
#retireberniesanders
#NoConfirmationForPompeo
Bernie, remember, your opinions have been heard and rejected by America. Pompeo will be great as SOS.
You is crazy Bern - but I get a kick out of your looney stories hahahahaha
Bernie has spoken! Period! You are my my man Bernie! Greetings from The Netherlands.
Falls right in line with the racist president
You’re right Bernie. I fail to see ANY diplomacy in this bigot. Pompeo as SofS would be another huuuuge embarrassment to America.
Berndog your tired old rhetoric is becoming a nuisance.
#Yawn
#StopPompeo
Sos grande bernie!!!!
Did you not pay enough for the Kurdish people to be free?
Hard to believe sometimes you are a Senator in the U.S.
Why is he a bad choice? You BOTH want CIA Syrian Regime Change....you ought to like him by that terrible commonality....and there you are with Neocon Hillary after she stole the election from you..and you said Nothing. @saneprogressive @jeremywrk @LionelMedia @cynthiamckinney
I just don't understand how you were never the chosen democrat nominee...

*psssst, it was rigged*

You probably would've been the only one who could've beaten Trump.
I agree, but trump wants him, and whatever trump, Ivanka, and Jarod want........they get.
