Today I'm introducing legislation to hold the pharmaceutical companies and executives that created the opioid crisis accountable for the extraordinary harm they have caused.
Cool. Can gun industry executives be next?

You’ll hold pharmaceutical companies responsible but you voted to completely shield the gun manufacturers from any liability. Are you just looking for a campaign cause? This seems incredibly insincere.
THIS!!!!!!!!!!!
I agree with that.  They should get life.
We also need legislation to help the 2.6 million Americans who are already addicted. We can save lives starting tomorrow with medication-assisted treatment, which is common sense but not happening due to legislation-imposed restrictions.
We can save lives starting tomorrow with #kratom too. No red tape at all. No waiting. Every addict should give it a shot BEFORE @SGottliebFDA destroys the only safe, non medical option left! #kratomsaveslives #IamKratom #kratomeducation #keepkratomlegal #KeepKratomLegalRally2018
Agree!  But why didn't you PIPE up and say something when OBAMA was creating his disastrous healthcare plan.  You are a hypocrite!
This is an addiction crisis, not an opioid crisis. Addiction isn't about the substance per se used for escape. Far easier to blame a substance though than to address & fix the complex social-economic issues that lead ppl down the road of addiction.
It was pharma’s lying about opioid’s NOT being addictive & their massive opioid sales campaigns that the suit is about.  Tax payers are now paying for the mess big pharma made.
Sounds like bad legislation
So let’s go after the company vs holding people accountable for their own actions?

I wish all politicians would spend a week suffering in pain with no pain medicine to help them. 

Suffering in chronic pain for some is real Mr. Sanders.
Bernie understands this. He's talking about the addiction crisis that forces legitimate sufferers to be shamed and denied medication instead of holding the billionaires profiting hugely from those who are addicted accountable.
Politicians like Sanders are forcing doctors to not give their patients the help they need because they are afraid of losing license.  I hope all politicians have to live in chronic pain for the rest of their miserable lives.
Thank You!!!!!!!!
Gov malfeasance caused the illicit fentanyl crisis
But Trump wants so bad to be a Lil Duterte and show cops how to shoot drug dealers...
I guess you are hoping calling big pharm out they will start backing you, the writing is all over the bathroom walls there @SenSanders
My daughter died, in a hospital, as a result of Dilaudid for pain.  In an IV pump.  She stopped breathing.  No one noticed.  In.  A. Hospital.  Where she should have been safe.  She was unmonitored, and they failed her.  She was 27.  My very best friend.  My soul mate.  
They make the damn pills the doctors prescribe them and adult citizens continue to take them. Who is more to blame?
Murderers
The drug culture of today's world is responsible for the opiod crisis...not the pharmaceutical companies.  There are many millions of people suffering from chronic daily pain who take opiods appropriately from doctors who prescribe them appropriately.

Go, Bernie.
This will literally hurt the legitimate person who need pain medicine and do nothing to stop those addicts that don't, they will find what they want while the honest person will suffer !
Like holding tobacco company, alcohol companies, & car manufacturing companies responsible for deaths this things cost too then, right? Isn't it the fault of individuals who use things inappropriately not the company?
Blaming the drug manufacturer for addiction is like blaming laws for people becoming criminals.
@MkUSASteakAgain With all due respect, you do not understand what created the opioid crisis.  It’s been long in the making & Big Pharma played a substantial part.  Will take more than a tweet to describe.  Please do some research.
1/2 Prescription drug companies, such as Mylan Pharmaceuticals whose CEO (Mylan of epipen infamy) is the daughter of Senator Joe Manchin, WV. 
Pharmaceutical companies 1. Need some control put into effect for the “PRODUCTION” of drugs that are leading to our opioid crises. Have
2/2) such measures been taken? 
2. The prices of our prescription drugs are astronomical. Our drug insurance (& the black hole) are making medication too expensive! 
Drug companies are making great profits while the middle class are struggling to buy their monthly medications!
i think bernie is the only politician in congress that introduces any legislation.  the rest of it comes from corporations.
How about targeting makers of alcohol, after all it kills 88,000 a yr. Legal RX #lifesavingpainmed 17,000 yr, where's the epidemic? ! #corrupt government and sidekicks #DEA #FDA #PROP #CDC created #FALSIFIEDOPIODEPIDEMIC 2 FILL GREEDY POCKETS #PAINKILLS #GENOCIDE #OPIODCRISIS
Who u killers trying to fool.  There's NO opiod epidemic @CDCgov ADMIT TO SIGNIFICANTLY INFLATING DEATHS TO RX, THEY ADMIT HEROIN ILLEGAL FENTANYL  IS CRISIS NOT LEGAL RX #LIFESAVINGPAINMED #TORTURED #CHRONICPAIN #PAINKILLS #OPIODCRISIS #CORRUPT #ONEVOICE360 #INHUMANE
Innocent law abiding chronically ill citizens and our Vets R being ABANDONED BY THE MEDICAL COMMUNITY DUE 2 GVRNMNT #FALSIFIEDOPIODEPIDEMIC!  17,000 DIE YR TO LEGAL RX PAIN MEDS WHEN TAKE W/ALCOHOL,ILGL DRUGS, ALCOHOL 88,000 TOBACCO 440,000 NO HYSTERIA?! NO EPIDEMIC? !
#SHAMEONYOU ! U #CORRUPT LAWMAKERS, #DEA #cdc #FDA #PROP HAVE BLOOD OF THOUSANDS ON UR HANDS FRM #PAINPATIENTS DENIED #LIFESAVINGPAINMED! ! #INHUMANE #PATIENTNOTADDICTS #GENOCIDE
They did not cause this! People can see no future or they try to be "good", the State way. It is not like that
 They are not the State!
It is a scam so the State can justify it's existance to control.
Lets see hiw @CoryBooker acts!
Only Bernie..nobody else has any guts? Pharma..manufacture those drugs we need to get people off heroin & opioids..free of charge to taxpayers!
I'll be surprised if you're able to accomplish this, your track record is empty.
I believe that’s not allowed. You can’t retroactively get someone in trouble for something they did when it was legal. But You can make something illegal now and moving forward. That’d be ok.
So....you're turning yourself in? It's "government" that's responsible for the crisis. If they would stop interfering, the crisis wouldn't have ever become a crisis. Leave it alone, it'll solve itself.
233 Republicans voted to end Social Security on 4/12/19 via Balanced Budget Amendment. Thankfully, it did not pass. No media coverage!  Watch Senate to see if they will bring it to the floor. 62 million Americans depend on Social Security.     
Vote out GOP in 2018!!!

Finally someone taking action
I agree with @cenkuygur.
All you need is to jail one of those CEOs and the rest will pee their pants.
That’s right, they should be held accountable for their actions! They push those drugs, make billions of dollars but taxpayers pay for the rehabilitation? I don’t think so! It’s time to change that!
They provide a product and people abused it. You're not blaming the right people as usual Bernie.  I can agree they are completely overpriced and have way too many side effects,  but personal responsibility is where its at. Of course you know nothing about personal responsibility
People are finger-pointing opiates; not the real problem. Fake opiates are loaded into recreational drugs to create a better high. These fake opiates derive from opium, and test as opiates. Until we separate the overdoses, this gives street dealers permission to murder.
How about doctors that over prescribe them?  What about people that allow themselves to get hooked? They shouldn’t have any responsibility.
That is so true a lot of the drug's are just horrible, much worse than any ailment.
The @AmerMedicalAssn original goals? Pushers of Pills, #opioids,  surgery omitted Muscle Care Cures for #ChronicPain! A Ponzi Scheme with huge windfalls profits, Godlike, alters pure science analysis, So 25% care is FACT vs 75% FANTASY! We've allowed the BIRTH of a NEW RELIGION!
Go Bernie Go!
Blame the Doctors also they prescribe these pills & Dole them out like candy.
What is it with the Left. Do they take any personal responsibility for their own actions and decisions. Why us everything turned into victimhood narratives?
About time

@KamalaHarris tweet this https://twitter.com/tracymfinch/status/986208304031584257 …
Has any of your bills ever passed, or even been considered for vote in the House/Senate ?
Yeah @SenSanders then there are people like me cancer/ colitis /back/knees. Maybe if weed was legal I could cut down opiate use as my Dr. Wants until then. Your wasting our time. PROHIBITION DOESNT WORK. If YOU'RE TOO STUPID TO GET IT GET OUT. #NOCRISIS #TheResistance
Call it even and let them buy you another house.
The former CEO of Eli Lilly & Co, USA... I mean the Head of Health and Human Services,  will make sure that won’t happen.
Jail time or execution? Does that include the Doctors who write excessive opiates and the pharmacists who dispense them?
Go to the top and jail them all, inc the corrupt FDA who ban things once they work too well.

Doctors are in the gun to do this kind of stuff.

Take out the kickbacks and harassment and voila!  - they can do the job they were meant to.

Much like govt really.

That’ll be 2c, thx!
(1 It's awful some days. Patients only want their narcotics. Blood pressure, cholesterol meds, even antibiotics! Refused at the counter. All they will take is the opiates & brenzodiazapines. The govt clinic across the street now urine tests their patients…
(2 To see if they're telling the truth and taking their high blood pressure drugs, etc. If not, no monthly supply of opiates for them.
Monthly supply?  

Wow.

May as well just let them have opium for that kind of addiction.

The opioids are definitely not without their worth.  But are they actually getting better?

Me, I don’t trust anything marketed by Pharma since the 90s.

Are you a pharmacist?
(1 Certified technician. Opium is really no different than other opiates. Yes, monthly supply. I've known patients on opiates for 10+ years. I've seen marriages disintegrate, families impacted. Consider Rand Paul, after he was attacked, he refused opiates & was in terrible pain.
There ARE people who need these meds tho & take them responsibly. I think that's often missing from this discussion. Opioids r certainly a problem. Just saying don't forget abt those who depend on them for decent quality of life.
I contacted my Senators in MA today and asked them to co-sponsor your bill Thank you Bernie for all you do! @SenWarren @SenatorMarkey
Thank you Bernie! Finally someone with a logical solution to the issue. Not Trumps “Hey let’s just kill all the drug dealers” solution that doesn’t even address the pharmaceutical companies. These companies help people with one hand and destroy others with the other hand.
While holding companies and executives accountable is a laudable action, I think it would be remiss to not also hold doctors who overly prescribe opioids—and other pharmaceuticals—for immoral financial gain accountable too. Action on multiple fronts against opioid distribution.
So Boinie, when you gonna file legislation against the Mexican government and the Mexican cartels shipping their drugs across the border. DUMBAXX
No pharmaceutical company has ever forced drugs down a person’s throat.
Oh look. Another bill you make that won't go anywhere
What about the #IllegalAliens bringing in heroin by the knapsack full? #BuildTheWall

Shut up old man! Go back to sleep!!! #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Please publish the nay voters.
Thank you!
I apologize for the comments i made criticizing you. It was disrespectful and out of line. Youre a good man, Mr. Sanders and it wont happen again.
Include all steroidal garbage as well.
This is a reason why U.S. has an epidemic of dementia n Alzeihmers n cancer!!! Thanks Bernie
Amen! They need to own this and find solutions to fix it. Time to cough up funds to pay for rehab!
Bernie! I have the plan! Make them switch places and bank accounts with all those arrested for marijuana!
Good Luck Bernie.  You are dealing with some of the most corrupted people in the world.
Without imprisoning + punishing the likes of speculative bankers that caused the Great Recession (like Iceland) and others that do our society + economy great harm, we loudly communicate that it is ok to steal wages, to greatly harm Americans + people everywhere to make 
good luck on that Bernie!
Anything in there about Four Star Generals... Secretaries of State... Members of Congress?
@TogaUnites @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand @RepStefanik @RepJohnFaso @NYGovCuomo NYYouthis,since opioid crisis has devastated everywhere in NYSAs shownthe Siena Research Institute survey,which sheds lightopioid crisis http://wnyt.com/news/siena-research-institute-survey-sheds-light-on-opioid-crisis/4866257/#.WtYs-Ns3gek.twitter … All NYS repsboard with you
Difficulty with @SenateGOP & its @SenateMajLdr,who passed #TaxCuts for rich&2%,even as it'll actually RAISE my Federal Tax Liability next yr,when the #TaxScamBill takes affecthill fight@60minutesDEA attorneys went easyMcKesson,biggest
Make them cough over some funds to assist these suffering people trying to get off these drugs you stubborn truthful old fart! Get in their face Bernie!
So you plan to ruin the new trade drugs?  Are you on the Cartel payroll?
BERNIE2020
Straight to the point! Jail the addicted or hold those making billions from their pain accountable. No one is making oxycontin in their basement that I know of.  Bernie's the MAN!
Good for you!
The fines they pay are a joke! Millions & millions in profit, yet a lousy $500k fine. Take ALL the profit *plus* the fine!
Dam right
You people all lie,And you call trump out. Both sides are crooks. The #s used for drug epidemic , are mixed in with the crap that comes across the border from Mexico.5 blown discs back , neck both shoulders and still http://work.Do  not take our meds.and turn us illegal..
Thats good about time they ve f ed my life already to much may yous can help someone before happens to them
Hey Bernie, laws are already inplace for that and the courts are being flooded by those that have been hurt coupled with class action lawsuits. Hillary stole your nomination and you dropped your lawsuit! You proved your resolve wimping out... Correct?
You are a little late there pal .

Another bill that won’t go anywhere because Bernie doesn’t try to work with other Senators in either side of the aisle before he introduces bills for his own grandstanding g and self-aggrandizement. #BernieGoHome
While you’re at it, pass legislation that bans the advertising of drugs on TV too.
Yes please   NO MORE VIAGRA commercials. No  body needs that stuff!
Yes Bernie
We need a wall between them and the rest of the people.
Wish you were around when crack hit the streets in the urban areas.
Will be fun to see who  opposes it.
Good luck with that.
You are clueless, Bernie
THAT'S my Bernie!
Sadly you know Republicans won't stand behind Bernie on this when they know they should. They don't want to hurt their cash cow the pharmaceutical industry.
The DEA is a pharmaceutical company?
do not leave out "doctors" that overprescribe opioids!
Hold yourself accountable. Government started this by ignoring what the physicians said well before narcotics were profitable. Put forth legislation putting the bureaucrats who started this in prison.
HOW ABOUT RULES REGULATIONS ON TOP EARNERS $200-$500,000 RAISES JACKING UP 5,000 % FOR LIFESAVING DRUGS! AS SEEN ON C-SPAN LIVE CAPITAL HILL HEARINGS- AWHILE BACK!
If government was serious about helping end the opioid epidemic, they would legalize marijuana. Otherwise you are just posturing for votes.
Love from Canada  for you Bernie.  I am not even a citizen and I am saddened by the fact that you aren’t the president.
Maybe we should get our military out of the place that supplies 90% of the worlds opium. Someone should look into that.
Bernie start attacking the hypocrisy that is the Republican Party, you are always sending same old tweets, we need to have big balls to take over the house and senate, do you have it?
Should probably just issue an arrest warrant for each/every pharma CEO in the country. Nothing like holding sick, suffering & dying people for ransoms they can't afford.
The doctors prescribe the narcs, not the pharmaceutical companies. Thus again, gov't intervention will do nothing to address the actual problem. However, you'll probably slap them with a multi-billion dollar fine that will disappear into the beaurocratic nightmare we call DC. 
The pharmaceutical companies deceived the public and doctors about how addictive their products are. The pharmaceutical companies uses their power and money to corrupt doctors into prescribing more than they should have been. Exactly how are they blameless?
I never said they were blameless. I said that the gov't slapping them with fines isn't the answer for the opiate epidemic. Like most gov't interventions, the actual problem isn't addressed - how to decrease opioid use and dependence.
Considering how they schemed all their assets should be liquidated and they should go to fund aid for people who are addicted to their products! Every single constrictor should be locked up in prison!
Is it any wonder why the political establishment despises you but the masses love you?
Ten years late, but at least it’s getting noticed.
How about a .25% tax on all prescription drug medication? The money goes into a trust and is used to help people with addiction and help lower Healthcare cost
Bernie still looking for that pay out like he got from Obamacare  lobbyists
Perhaps it’s also time for an audit of the FDA that allows this corruption to occur in the first place? #auditFDAnow
How about we go after the biggest recipients of "donations" from big pharma?  Don't care which party but I see your name on the list.  

https://www.cnn.com/2016/02/11/health/big-pharma-presidential-politics/index.html …
Thank you Senator
How do you have to say my health conditions are so bad at times I don't know what I'd do without my medication. I believe part of the problem comes from people being able to order stuff online from China and other countries along with driving into Mexico
But I wonder how much money these companies paid you??
Remember that he doesn’t take big contributions..... so no none can own him
Oh no..  a paid Bernie-bot .  Three houses..  how many cars..  and money stolen from a ruined college..  #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
You busted me..... I am a paid bot chilling in Canada laughing at all you American fools.  Bernie isn’t perfect but at least he has a brain and isn’t paid off by special interest groups.  He is too old to be the next president so just let him be.
Hugs to you jerry........ your mom may not have loved you enough as a child.
Very good

Please go for that. Pharmaceuticals Companies must be held accountable for all their actions to destroy the life of many American Citizens.

Please note that you aren't alone. We're standing up with you. It is one of the best way to to protect people all over the World
Why is it. Every damn thing you progressive libtards do only punish the good guy. You stupid s.o.b you are only going to make the cost of pecription drug cost go up  why the hell doesn't someone go after the drug dealing doctors
You think Big Pharma companies are the good guys?? 
Not hard to figure out. All it is going to do is raise the cost agian. And the Bern man and the rest of the libtards will point the finger at big pharma like always and the sheepoeple will follow suit
Sure thing, no profile pic twitter troll! The do nothing approach is always a win, right??
Doing nothing is better than doing the wrong thing.   Sheepoeple
That is part of joke. Stay ignorant my freind the Democrats are depending on you
The joke is that you’re illiterate, use derogatory terms toward people you don’t know and are too cowardly to show your face. Congrats on the embarrassment you have in the White House, falls in line with the last Rep. President that ruined this country. You’re a true Patriot.
It’s a nice gesture, but somehow they’ll wiggle out of it, if the past is any indication...or some smaller fish will fry instead.
Those filthy rich your talking about are king Cheetos friends, how dare you
Thank you so much, Bernie!!!! Trump hasn't done a damned thing since he declared the opiate epidemic a national health problem. It's up to us to help get you more cosponsors for this bill. All hands on deck, everyone!!! The country, especially the Midwest, needs our help!
There was this...
https://www.nsc.org/home-safety/get-involved/prescribed-to-death-memorial …
This is complete shit lol. A memorial built in DC that lets visitors dump unused pills into and has pamphlets with information. To help spread awareness?? This is a waste of money and resources.
Yes, complete waste. I don't even want to know how much it cost.
Fully. Accountable 
Do you fault #obamacare at all with the #OpioidEpidemic?
http://time.com/4292290/how-obamacare-is-fueling-americas-opioid-epidemic/ …
Wonder if Trump walks back his "capital punishment for drug dealers" comments to protect his rich pharma buddies? Oh wait, that's an easy one. Of course he does
YES 
How about targeting our southern border? 95% of our nations heroin comes across that border!
Historically, drug experimentation went something like: pot, alcohol, maybe mushrooms once or twice, get to college and do some blow and some E. But Purdue made opiates so available and normalized that kids with half developed brains were sampling their products. Jail these fucks
Why do you insist on casting a group as villians?
Do you really not know about the things they did like deceiving the public and doctors about how addictive their products are?
Why stop there? Congress is supposed to protect us from exactly this type of thing. This is squarely a congressional  failure. Citizens play by the rules that government sets and businesses have to compete. In the mean time they pit us against each other to distract.

I can only imagine you’ll have 100% bipartisan support on this bill.
And once this legislation is passed, there will be no more opioid crisis! yay!  good fix Bern.
You’re probably right, better to do nothing at all.
Interesting approach... "nothing"... I was thinking more of a four level approach, hold big pharma accountable, regulate max quantities which can be prescribed at one time, eliminate "pill mills", and research/implement better rehab methods.
Lol. Ive been busted! Sorry, I didn’t realize there was a real person behind that tweet (yes I know how dumb it is to reply to a tweet I assumed was a hit and run). 
I agree that more is needed than just a single bill but America is so paralyzed that any step forward is progress.
I undersand :)  im guilty of doing exactly that too.
This makes as much sense as suing gun manufacturers for suicides.  But the impact will not just hurt the economy.  It will hurt the development of medicines that save and improve lives.
Down with @purduepharma. Down with the legislators who allowed companies like Purdue to exist. When I was a teenager on Cape Cod, Oxy was so rampant that it was literally the second drug kids tried (after weed). I became a junkie quick, and didn’t get clean till age 24.
You do that Bernie
maybe hold them and the government accountable for ballooning prescription cost while you are at it.
He's tried that. He introduced a bill to import drugs from Canada that was shot down by corrupt slimeballs including @CoryBooker
100% fact. He sure did.
Then hold Congress accountable for allowing it in the first place.   Also hold Congress accountable for blocking #MedicalCannabis that has been proven to be a far superior alternative to opioids.
rely on state legislation
How's that Super-Pac going?
He dont take Pac Money
This has 0.00000000000000% chance to pass now, I would wait for Jan 2019 to put this bill on the floor, and it might have a better chance.
It’ll fail just like you did Bernie
Who Profits from the Opioid Crisis? Meet the Secretive #Sackler Family Making Billions from OxyContin
@drdrew @RehabBobForrest
