Bernie never saw a camera he could resist.  Why are you in the middle of that group, did YOU negotiate the union deal or are you once again taking credit for something you had not to do with?

How much did you get paid for that picture, we know you don't do anything for free.
I don't care.  I want to hear that you're going to do something about the buying of our elections.  Everything flows from that - everything.  Every tweet must tie back to that central message.  Stay on point.
ALARY BREAKDOWN (2015)
TOTAL COMPENSATION
$270,620.00
Gross Salary: $265,779.00
Allowances: $0.00
Official Business: $0.00
Other Compensation: $4,841.00
You were helped by Russia and you're doing what you're doing to help Dennison win again if he doesn't go to jail.
This is SO BEAUTIFUL 
I guess all the ZOMBIE brains don't know that you ILLEGALLY took a dive to get HILLARY on Ballot, and that after 8 yrs. of PROMISES, none were kept by the Demons... um, I mean Dems.  YOU HAVE LOST ALREADY and you know it!  LOL! Many will be shocked to see what you have done! HA
#Feeltheburn Andrew McGregor and I agree with @IronStache @mmpadellan @SethAbramson
You pretend to pay us, and we pretend to work.

Thinking! When did I hear that before?

Note: Bernie will still have his 3 mansions and his wife can still commit as much bank fraud as she wishes!
As a former @transportworker good luck with that suckers.
Hey you grumpy old man, I want to live FREE in YOUR home. I want YOU to pay me to work for YOU. I want YOU to feed me & let me have your car. Are YOU going to dictate that small business owners hire people they don’t need? #AntiAmericanCommunist #CrazyBernie
You might want to change your username, it sounds disturbingly close to "Golden Dawn", the facist party in Eastern Europe.  (Unless that's what you were going for in the first place, but benefit of the doubt here.)
I hope you know what socialism is. Great Britain has socialized medicine. The decisions for healthcare are taken out of the people’s hands and into the courts.
Yes, that's terrible. I don't know if the child could have been saved elsewhere or not, but the parents should not have been stopped.

That being said, which death panel is worse; the death panel of the arbitrary state, or the death panel of "you're too poor to afford treatment"?
Bernie Sanders is set to announce a plan that guarantees every American “who wants or needs one” a lifetime government job paying at least $15 an hour w/health insurance and other perks.

Don't be surprised when it doesn't work. Liberals don't want a job they want a handout!
So Bern, gov jobs for everyone. Ya know, I think you're living on the wrong side of the ocean.
Say LABOR UNION YES!
Who has t
They will pay for it. The grass is always greener on the other side. The unions will take their money to support tools like you
IF I'M NOT MISTAKEN WERE'NT THE UNION JOBS THE ONES LEAVING THE  COUNTRY BE FOR TRUMP? I MUST SAY THE UNION IS NOT FOR THE PEOPLE WHEN IT COMES TO MONEY THEY SELL OUT THEIR PEOPLE FIRST JUST A FACT!!
It kills me when my wife’s union sends her political propaganda...always democratic but she always votes republican!
An eye opener 
"Fighting back?" Interesting way of seeing the world. Hopefully your rhetoric doesn't inspire another Bernie Bro.

Why aren't more people unionized? It doesn't make sense not be.
Yeah, they raised the costs for every potential passenger. Unions do more to inflate costs than they ever do to help anyone.
This is the best description of Socialism in a live statement: Best vid ever!
Greetings to Bernie and followers
Liberals hate walls yet live in gated communities 

Liberals hate guns yet walk around with armed…
Bernie you never had a real job, what makes you an authority on labor?
Also, You are ignoring the fact airlines and other service industries have extremely poor public relations. They expect police to manage instead of having actual managers. Fine Starbucks and Airlines calling police when no crime is made.
Unions worked before we had open border and open unilateral trade deals. Yes unions can be effective in the service industry. But we live in a HUGE country. Impossible for everyone to work at JetBlue or MacShack and commoditize all other labor. Logic Matters.
@SenSanders stands with a Union Workers; Union Members stand with you! Thanks @SenSanders for choosing workers over corporations. @TheDemocrats must make the right choice too. #twupolpower @AFLCIO #1u
Congratulations to all those workers! Even those that didn't vote to unionize will benefit, and I hope such good things for you all!
Fight back.. regardless under union.. to me they are insane.
Bernie running his ballwasher
Yeah if we could only get the monolithic useless government involved.
Let’s break down your thought process; raise minimum wage will create inflation. Making college free will result in more tax dollars from legal citizens and a completely broke middle class. There is healthcare for everyone, you just have to pay into it. 

#DrainTheDeepState #MAGA
Actually, if we just redistributed some funding, im guessing we wouldn't see any change in our taxes, but there are major parts of the system that need an overhaul.
Hey Communits! Health Care is not a rt. You don't have a rt 2 take my $ that I been paying for into FICA  for decades & give it to a parasite that hasn't put a penney of tax $ into our healthcare & retirement or the USA.. I don't give a F**k Bernie,that U want Votes!
Solidarity forever. #union @seiu @seiu_ct @SEIU @4CsSEIU1973
We need more unions with retirement health care and a living wage!
It is impossible  to swear to defend and uphold the constitution when you are socialist. The goal of every good socialist is to  destroy the constitution.    Just a shame so many are following  u blindly
WTF does Bern know about jobs, unions, work? The fucker didn’t get his first job until he was 40!
Most companies adopt "at will" hiring practices. They don't need any good reason to get rid of you and many let you go just short of retirement too. Then you're on your own.  So this is really good news for these workers.
And just b4 leaving on maternity leave. Great job.
Sorry to hear that. Like I said for ANY reason.  This is considered evil, shameful, & wrong.
I agree 100. #GigiForSenate #GigiForUs #FightForYourRights
A LOOK AT ONE SIDE OF EMPLOYMENT STAKEHOLDER CAN BE SEEN AS EXPLOITING EITHER TO GET ELECTED OR CHEAP PRETENCE TO UNDERSTAND THAT WORKERS ARE HURTING. EMPLOYERS HAVE USED THEIR SPONSORED ACADEMICS TO SANITISE WORKER EXPLOITATION
BY NOW I WOULD THINK LEADERS WHO ARE AWARE OF WORKERS DISEMPOWERMENT SHOULD BY NOW STARTED IN MOTION THE DUPLICITY OF SEEING UNIONISM IS BEING ALLOWED IN ITS NUMEROUS FORMS OF EMPLOYERS, DIRECTORS, ACCOUNTANTS THAT HAS SEEN OBSCENE COMPENSATION- WORK FOR EQUALITY OF STAKEHOLDERS
I know, Sanders, you made it happen. Right???
He didn't say any such thing nor imply it. He takes credit for nothing, always saying it is a joint effort. Your perceptions are so far from reality!
Bev! And we usually agree on so much!
Why the constant hate toward Bernie who is the most humble of men! He is all about the people, not about himself. Have you met him? Spoken with him? Really listened to him? I have.
Bev, dear, there's no point in engaging with a Sanders supporter, so I won't. I truly admire & respect you. Let's leave it at that. Block me, you'll be rid of the irritation.
Just tell me one single person who has better plans for our country.  Just one!
Mr. President on behalf of members. We are inquiring into purchasing one of NASA's space crafts. A ship that would give natural born black Americans the ability to leave Earth and start anew on a planet providing escape from 400 years of voluntary and involuntary servitude. BOLD
Sounds like a we'll thought out idea, 
Do you have a (go fund me page)?
Hey everyone, I started a fundraising campaign for Purchase NASA Ship to Leave Earth. Please tap to donate-
On the subject of unions...How do I start one for personal care workers who are caring for the aging population in ALF's and nursing homes!? For the sake of the residents 1st. & for us  workers who love our job! This industry is a disgrace! PLEASE HELP!
Contact your Democratic Congress person. S/he'll give you tools & referrals.
Thank you! I'm embarrassed to not have a clue how. But I have a passion and a calling to change and make a difference in this field. So thank you for your direction
Wow...working for $2/hr for time that they have to give up from their day to work during a delay...that’s an insult. JetBlue is my favorite company to fly with but I had no idea about that horrible business practice toward there flight attendants.
It’s called per diem, every airline does this at AA they pay us $2.45
Maybe you should unionize too. 
Jet Blue will fail because of unions.
Did companies fail because children weren’t allowed to work? Did companies fail because people were allowed vacation time? Did companies fail because people were allowed to have a weekend break from work? No, none of them failed and we only get to enjoy these because of unions.
You’re talking about the age of robber-barons. Modern laws & social norms have changed the business landscape.

There are still a few industries where unions are needed, but not as they once were. And I don’t think that includes airlines any more.
Senator:  Oh great.  Jet Blue can turn into United Airlines; lousy service, employees with poor attitudes.  Just what we need.  JM
Unions are nothing more than deep pockets for Democrats. Weren't unions also favored by the Bolsheviks, up until the time they no longer needed them? They were disbanded when the Communists took over. That's what Democrats will do to unions as well.
I´ve been in the union in Sweden for over 35 years. Companys have tried to freeze our wages, the workhours, but thanks to the union..We still have our jobs, with good wages..You say Union = Communism! You don´t know what you are taklking about!!
Any raise anybody gets anywhere in the world you the employee pay for with your blood and sweat. Don't let Bernie fool you and say the rich will pay for it. Once you own a business you pay for nothing, you pass the cost on.
Once you understand this you'll be following Ron Paul.

My congrats to the union and Jet Blue, how is their leg room?
And another very profitable company becomes less profitable at the expense of DUES AND FEES. We the fare payers pay more for what? Better service? NOPE! DUES AND FEES!
If a company makes billions of dollars in profits, treating there employees like decent human beings isn’t too much to ask for. And would not effect their profits especially with the trump/GOP tax cuts they just got.
Now does the Twu actually think a socialist has the answers when it comes to dealing with a capitalist society? No wonder I’ve been on lay off for five years. The Twu would be better off not choosing political sides. You always choose wrong
Righton..
GO BERNIE 2020
Yes. Go....away, Sanders.
So Bernie someone can sit on there ass all day and can't be fired while someone else does all the work  sounds a lot like socialism to me
No thats tenure
this extremely rocks
WOW! I had no oidea. SO glad they did this.
It’s not workers around the country. Take a break Bernie before you blow out a vessel.
Jet blue workers work all around the country. Also you have the teachers standing up and fighting for better pay and funding all around the country.
You can see how passionate Bernie is about unions 
Sure. After all, he started them. Every one. All by himself.
is the snide necessary? He is one of the few politicians who consistently amplifies their movements with his platform. Always has, before he was the most popular politician in the country too. And he marches with them, unlike Obama's empty promises
One faux poll does not signify a "most popular" politician.
one poll? actually its an aggregate of polls, they all consistently show this 
http://www.saviorofmankind.com/Atheism_Delusion …
http://www.facebook.com/Ahmed.Alhasan.10313 …
http://www.facebook.com/The.Atheism.Delusion …
http://www.saviorofmankind.com 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFRTd_PAckw&feature=youtu.be …
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwOkOZ-YPRk&feature=youtu.be …
#atheism_Delusion
#Ahmed_AlHasan 
#savior_of_mankind
#science
#God
#Hawking
#Dawkins
#UnionStrong #UnionProud
United we stand divided we fall.
BernieSanders is the Best!wouldmake a great President
Way to give your hard earned money to the union boss.  They will enjoy spending your hard earned money.  Fools!
Great
Go away and don't run in 2020.
Bernie sanders!
They are? Funny..unemployment is at a all time low..folks are happy..
Flight attendants are safety workers. It’s not only unconscionable, but also dangerous to demoralize, underpay and work them into the ground. #solidarity
Push those unions Bernie next step communism aye comrade
It ok Bernie. We're gonna have robot stewardesses who all look like princess Leah.
Says the man who has never worked a day in his life.  Don't lecture us what these "workers" are going through #StupidBernie
@rogerwright533 So none of the senators actually work? I guess we should abolish them.
@36placebro What kind of question is that?  #StupidBernie didn't make his first paycheck until he turned 40 when he got his first government job.  He never had a real job because he's been living off of his daddy's taxpayer money
@rogerwright533 Can I call you roger? I noticed how clever you are turning placebo into placebro. I’ll ask the question a different way. Do you consider being a senator to be a real job with actual work involved?
"Do you consider being a senator to be a real job with actual work involved?" ~ What does this have to do with anything and what is your point?  And can you name one thing #StupidBernie achieved in the Senate?  There's no point of being in the Senate if you're not gonna show up
@rogerwright533 Google amendments made by Bernie Sanders.
how many bills has he passed?????  Making amendments is nothing to brag about 
 Are you saying amendments aren’t important?
THIS. IS. AWESOME.  Congrats to the workers of Jet Blue!!!
This is fantastic!
The “Pakistani Mystery Man” is Imran Awan, who worked as Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz’s email server administrator in the House of Representatives. Nearly his entire family then joined the payroll of other Democrats, until they worked for 1 in 5 House Democrats and had — as the
Did you AND Jane defraud The People of New Hampshire, or was it just her?
Collectivism works and that is why the rich hate it
They can start fighting back by telling Bernie Sanders and the Democrats to stop raising our taxes.
Coming from the man who only knows how to raise taxes!
Unions are wrong, right to work is right. Unions make a 50 cent part a 5 dollar part and we the consumer pay for it and allow these people to have more than they deserve. I was a contractor for the big 3 and tier 1 suppliers , I've seen the devastating works of unions
Union members are consumers, if You want to see how hard You can work with no benefits, Don't join a union.
Apparently the people at JetBlue expect a little more out of life.
I'd like to see this with the slave driving factories and logistics companies in indiana. I'd also like to see half the temp agencies go. No excuse for not hiring people. Not to mention blatant abuse. Making people wk 7 days and no time off and worse or they fire you. Sickening.
#Unions!Like every org made by humans has its problems,but!more important than ever!Corporations didnt wakeup 1 day&decide to treat workers fairly!Every single benefit we now enjoy!From 8hr day to the weekend!to coffee breaks&vacation pay?=#Unions!+ workers!blood, sweat & tears!
yes we know, how well unionization worked out in the ussr.
Unionization is wat protected american employees from abusive employers in the 30's n 40's the result is the environment your working in now
books like "the jungle" by sinclair did more than any union that fed mafia's during that period. and resulted in laws, that really did something. the usda, child labor laws and others.
American Airlines did/dies the same 2 their flifgt attendents. They were req 2 B @ airport hrs B4 flt weren't pd until doors were closed. Same shit all over the biz. Good thing they got bailed out.
You know NOTHING about workers OR even working as a whole
I propose that we get rid of flight attendants.  They are paid too much for standing there a few hours a month.  Suggest we replace them with robotics and skilled volunteer passengers.
How cheap r u willing to go? US airlines are crap when cmpared to others.
I would pay more for real service instead you get unionized automatons that are minimalists.
I fly AF every year. Their employees are unionized. Their personnel look like real human beings with dignity. Their service is great. I am willing to pay a little more to fly in better conditions.
Without a doubt the worst job of my life was with Piedmont Airlines. Ostensibly I was fired for something I did not write. There was more to it than I want to even tell you, all of it twisted.
Every!major unionized industry in the US, auto, steel, airlines, ship building, etc has failed or is in serious financial problems. Only government bureaucracy remains and most of local, state and federal government bear a hugh debt and tax burden because of their demands.
Did Bernie have ANYTHING to do with this or did he just swoop in for the photo op?  Oh yes, he stands with them. And they do everything.
As chief Steward in an AFGE local I want to welcome my brothers and sisters from Jet Blue. Always remember that you have the strength, you have the numbers, an dont take shit from anybody. Keep fighting.
Remember EASTERN AIRLINES, (1926-1991) one of tbe greatest USA airlines of all times, ir was literally destroyed by unions/management strikes and squabbles. Everyone unions, investors, pensioners lost everything!. All thanks to the unions.
How about the 1500 that were laid off in Ohio after the two Unions merged?
Solidarity!
At whim firing? Sounds like Trump!
Organize, Organize Organize...and then Organize some more. Congratulations to John Samuelsen and the employees of JetBlue. United we stand together!
Go Bernie Our world needs more Bernie’s
Venezuela and Nicaragua disagree with this statement.
Why do you point to these countries and not: Germany, Bulgium, the Netherlans, France, Spain, Italy, Switzerland, etc .......
Because Venezuela and Nicaragua were the two countries Sanders has praised for years for their socialism.
So what about the 34% of employees who don't want to join a union? I guess their voices don't count in your "victory" huh?
Lol this literally made me laugh out loud. If this was not a joke then you seriously don’t understand democracy...
A. America is not a democracy, B. What’s wrong with right-to-work laws, or are you a huge advocate for being forced to join something you don’t want to join?
A. America isn’t a corporation. B. If you hate unions so much you better not use weekends to not work, and I hope you return any money you were ever paid while on paid time off (PTO) because unions are the reason those exist.
My father was a union leader. I don’t hate them but people shouldn’t be forced to join them. My teacher wife was in a union until we found out 83% of dues were funneled to politicians. Right to work gave her the freedom to leave.
Well done. Union is the way ahead. They will get you decent work conditions, decent hours and a decent minimum wage
Fuck yeah.
What a sad day for Jet Blue employees. Unions are part of the problem.  Shame on Jet Blue for allowing this to happen.
#Bluewave

Idiot's
Go Bernie and the Jet Blue workers!
Why do I love Bernie so much?? He is a mensch.
Great news. People standing up for their rights to be treated fair in the workplace. Unions created the 40 hr. work week. All members male and female paid without discrimination. Should have never let republicans diminish unions benefits. United we stand
Male and female workers are already paid the same, wage gap is a myth.
Now we need to get the ground crew /ramp workers on board.
Why don't you do like them and fight for us, that does not concern you, use your position to help the little people
When the tide turns the wave rolls in. Many shades of blue in the coming wave, some not blue at all.
May I ask where that took place? Fair to say the man you were talking to speaks with a New York accent too...
Democrats sold out worker using suspect union taking advantagenof workers desperate situation created by non working middlemen shareholders protected by 2 party monopoly delaying real raise with adjusted work week #3andHalfDayWorkWeek7DayPay,Double the shifts ,TakeZetoOffHousing
How much do unions donate to you Bernie, and where’s your moral outrage at it?
WTF @JetBlue We have our EYES on you and we book flights!
WORK WITH YOUR EMPLOYEES AND QUIT SCREWING THEM OVER!!!
Batty Bernie, did you eat all your eggies  this morning grandpa, at the nursing home. Watch what happens to jet blue. Just cancelled my flight with them. Watch costs go up.
Well run honest unions are an asset for this country. Their decline has resulted in the huge wage stagnation of the middle class.
Won't help the middle class whose ticket prices go up if the the union pressures wage growth, or those whose jobs are cratered by fewer flights and slower biz growth.
Bernie ever heard of the national labor board?  No one can be fired at will for no cause. So stop spreading propaganda.
Want prices to escalate?...listen to Bernie Sanders and let unions regulate America.  Anti-capitalist Sanders has ruined Vermont-ranks 38th out of 50 states and is financially bankrupt. Taxpayer burden has increased last several years. Bernie would do this to America if he could.
Unions are just another form of socialism. No reward for individual superior performance. It guts the heart out of trying harder. I am not surprised socialist Bernie is all for it.   Everyone paid the same regardless of their performance. So why try harder.
Who told you that, union bargaining sets the minimum wage and benefits.
Those that out perform become supervision, specialties like welding or instrumentation generally always pay more than scale.
I negotiate union contracts for a major company. Yes the better employees were promoted to supervisor and were no longer in the union. There were still good employee in the union that made the same as those who under preformed. But made the same money. Socialism
Now JetBlue tickets prices will go up and sales will go down.
All labor movements in American history have proven your statement to be false.
Must be why Detroit is doing so well with all those union auto plants.
ask yourself why companies are running from liberal run cities with old style coercive unions.
take a look at what unions and demokkkrats did in Detroit. Nice work Berntard.
Bernie=idiot.
Bank fraud Bernie .  A complete sellout
How so?
You're still living in a time long past @SenSanders when #unions had some relevancy. Today they serve only to disrupt & create a climate in business that makes US companies less competetive around the world. Your ideas are lame & outdated.


Hope all those new union members enjoy their first strike after Jet Blue lets them all go and use contractors.
The Transport Workers Union of America reports 27 people making over $100k a year. How much does the average transportation worker make? I doubt it’s $100k. I understand unions helped immensely in the past, but now it seems they only exist to collect dues.
Bernie please talk about Kentucky’s teacher strike
@JetBlue
Unions don't need you to work!
Unions are the antidote of corporate predatory capitalism
Remember those remarks. When Jet Blue is less competitive and have to close operations or be purchase by a bigger company.
Competitivity can't be gained on the workers' skin.
Simple economics says otherwise, cost of workers goes up and prices follow suit. Jetblue was competitive because it charged less for a higher quality long distance flight.
Cost of workers is just one of the variables in the equation determining final price of a product. Not having (e.g.) top managers having 400/500 times the salary of employees is another variable, otherwise we go back to times when slaves were building pyramids.
I'm guessing you're just basing your comment on emotions and not on actual pay scales..
By the looks of things with the JetBlue flight attendants and the teachers going strike we are at the dawn of a revival for the American labor movement. This movement has to be nurtured and protected as its one of the keys to fixing this country.
Lol what? Voluntariysm, google it
Unions are one of, if not the most, important tools the workers have for protection from big corporations.
Which is why Margret Thatcher worked so hard to smash them here in the UK
BERNIE2020
He started as a heckler on The Muppet Show now he’s a second rate senator. Feel that burn!
To dumb
For words.
Pandering.  Pandering.  Pandering.
Only the free market can decide the true value of anything. 
Unions drive up prices for consumers.
UNIONS and GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS are the only reasons we aren’t all ‘born as slaves’
That's just failed Marxist thinking.
Are you in Moscow?   I’m talking about US Trade and Labor Unions ...   or do you believe the GOP LIES about the #TaxScam ??
Tax reform helped 90% of tax payers.
LOL this is a BS site no doubt funded by the 1% that are getting 90%+ of the #TaxScam plunder

And that will be the down fall of Jet Blue.  I give 1 year before they are out of business.
You are still living in the 40's.  Right to work! How many union leaders have taken the money from hard working men and women? And I love working 11 hour days. It is called overtime. Time and a half. And no a union does not mandate that. Get a job and you may figure it out.
