The tax cuts happened.
They are real.
I got a tax cut. So did you.
It's making a huge positive difference in a lot of average people's lives.
I didn't get a tax cut
if you didn't get a tax cut then you weren't paying federal income taxes to begin with
This is a lie. I pay my taxes been working since I was 16.
it's not a lie. if you fall into any affected tax bracket on that list you got a tax cut.
Let's say you are single and made $40,000. In 2017, your federal tax rate was 25%. When you file your 2018 taxes next year, your rate will be reduced to 22%. Cold hard fact. 
If you made $80,000, your rate also drops from 25% to 22%. 
$30,000? Drops from 15% to 12%.
I got the same amount back as last year. 

And the lie is you claiming that I don't pay my taxes. I don't appreciate the accusation.
what you get back has NOTHING to do with what tax rate you're paying. your refund is based on what your employer withheld versus your actual tax owed.
I am really proud my tax money is going to record revenue at his Florida Resort as the resort's taxes are lowered .....
Thanks Trent! Mar Lago couldn’t have done it without you buddy! Kudos

Just as predicted, would love for the POTUS to release his taxes. Great big money grab at the expense of the majority.
How the fuck is this not socialism?
Finland is ending their universal basic income program because nobody wants to work & keeping it alive would require another 30% tax increase on an already overtaxed population.

And just like that Bernie will no longer use Finland as an example to patronize the United States.
Wrong. They ended it because it was an experiment with a set start and end date. They will now collect the data and analyze how it worked.
Making this decision in April to not continue into ‘19, tells me all I need.
Trump had the good sense to promise he'd drain the swamp.  You, on the other hand, babble about DACA, marijuana, medicare, school funding, , minimum wage...  It's too easy for Hannity to sell YOU as a doddering crackpot.  Campaign finance must be at the heart of your messaging.
He is a total lie whenever his lips are moving he's stealing my SSA money 5/3/2018 out if spite because I won't shut up about his felony's
Bernie, everyone has critisized you for having a socialist agenda. How is this Republican Tax Bonus, on borrowed money, not socialism?
Not only have I not seen a bump in my net pay, but instead a cut - I had to increase my withholdings in order to avoid owing $$$ next April.  My accountant warned me to change my W4 because he knows I couldn't afford to write a check to IRS for $1 - 2,000 next year 
He also has instructed your employers to do the same so it appears you get more. I believe your accountant, in that once they give us money on our checks now. It is going to come off of what was paid into taxes originally, leaving us owing. That's Republican truth for you. #1%ers
Yep, that's pretty much what my accountant said.  Many will see SMALL increases in net income now but come tax time next year, people are going to be shocked that instead of a refund, they might really owe a lot.  We'll see.
I have a bigger take home and will much lower tax rate then last year. Taxation is the government stealing people’s hard earned money. Socialism is wrong...look at EVERY socialist government and it controls and FAILS. #Marxismisdead
Forget the fact that any business that has money left on the books at the end of quarter/year has to pay taxes on it? (2006)One company had such a huge surplus at the end of year it gave every employee $1000 bonus at Christmas just so they didn’t have to give the $ to the gov 1/2
Name the company. ..and give facts to support your bs
Seriously?It happens all the time! I don’t need to show you a news report to support my FACTS. It was my brother-in-law that received the bonus. And again, it happens all the time! If you did just a tiny bit of research you will find out that IT HAPPENS ALL THE TIME! Just a fact!
This is crazy! Trump... U SUCK!
So did most lower wage workers get $500 bonus. I did and was told that our company was nice to us for doing it. I really wonder. No raise, that’s for sure!
Yea but his followers don’t care about facts 
Here are some real FACTS
1. Yes Democrats do want an impeachment but so do republicans . Jeff flake ? Lindsey Graham ? 2. We’ll see if Trumps tax cuts have a positive impact or not coming next year . No one is sure whether or not tax cuts have a positive outcome By the way Reagan undid his tax cuts .

What about PP.

People should not be able to write off their state income tax and property tax. it’s just the state taking taxes from fed gov. We don’t have income tax here...why should medical bk federal government? Places like California an NY need to take away the handouts
Ajit Pai @FCC is the greatest example of socialized giveaways in history. We paid billions of dollars to establish a network which is supposed to be available to all equally, paid for by American socialists. Now they work to privatize your donations, for their profits and control
Ppl getting something not being taxed more like you and your communist leftist buddies proposed
And in France Macron does exactly the same
All of your whining about Trump isn't going to change the fact he's still going to be your president even after 2020 and that makes me very happy
When republicans open their mouths lies come out!

Keep talking Betnie baby, jealousy will get you nowhere and you nor Hillary will ever be president ha ha ha ha
dems want more tax-spend, spend, spend. we the ppl want less taxes, less govt, free markets, individual freedoms n liberties, ingenuity, innovations, n excellence. polls r wrong agn. most americans r happy w/trump, tax cuts, more jobs, n booming economy.
How come more Americans voted against Trump than for Trump? And keep drinking that Faux News Orange Flavored Trump-Aid.
Why would businesses who created this power struggle for America's people be honest suddenly? They created this mess, and now have been Yugely rewarded by a guy who says Global warming is fake news. His DOD NEWS IS FAKE??? REALLY? CORPORATE CONGRESS NOW...
You are such a liar. As a CPA I can tell you most of my clients are receiving $1,000 + additional tax refunds next year.
Is this a surprise to you?
No surprise to me.
a 2 trillion dollars cut from education social security and Medicare sounds like the best thing that I have heard of in a long time
#1 social security and Medicare will not exist when I get to the age required to collect so I want it to die off as soon as possible #2 the education system is bloated and needs to get less founding so they can get back to the older education systems that actually worked
Been thinking about this - could not believe anyone would really believe it. #1 is just false. Do some research someplace other than Republican BS. #2 is ridiculous. Schools are broke, using 20 year old texts.
As usual, Republicans are benefitting the corporations and NOT the average person of America.
Bernie those who live in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones. You have a few homes.
to think #democrats did what they did to you and are now wasting their time on a stupid witch-hunt while all this should be addressed, what a load of non stop w....rs!

Working great for me.. how can you say giving any tax cut to the people is bad? Versus not having any at all..stupid crazy Bernie..trix is for kids.
Bernie, I knew he was lying from day 1
Not only corporations. Small business owners haven’t done anything for their workers either.
well i would explain to you that the tax cuts was in the workers paychecks but i see you are paying people to talk out your ass for you... so why should i bother
Bernie WE KNEW THAT YOU KNEW THAT..BUT AS YOU CAN SEE the people don't have a voice in AMERICA. ONLY RACIST DO. THE DEMS NEVER PUT UP A FIGHT. We can just win the war on TRUMP WITH JUST 1 VOICE. YOUR. We knew and tried to stop BUT PERVERTED RACISM WON. You know that sir
@EdKrassen @krassenstein
Turn about is fair play Bernie.  Your wife lied and sunk a college and will soon be on trial for bank fraud.  You lied and said you were a socialist, but you have 3 homes.  You probably used your influence on the Senate Banking committee to help your wife.  Enjoy prison.
We need to take our country back for the people, I think the rich have enough money to fend for themselves.
You do know Bernie Sanders is a millionaire right? He’s part of that 1% you Democrats are always complaining about. So how bout he give some of HIS money to the little people? Go ahead and put your money where your mouth is Bernie! ...Yeah I didn’t think so.
lol... your campaign was a lie.  How are you still pretending to be relevant?
While he preaches to the poor how the rich are living, he’s living high on the hog from all those $27 donations millions of people sent him! Or is it from the payoff he got from Hillary for giving up the nomination? Oh well, either way, Socialism at its best right?!
#fakenews
We got a time $500 bonus just in time for our needed medical prescriptions to go from $10/month to $400/month.
No surprise at all. This is what happens when you put a #capitalist in charge. US Govt is run as a #business (...of the #business by the #business and for the #business ).
"People" are just "employees" wich can be exploited ...slaves !
Simple math, a lot of tax payers will get a tax cut, a few who can afford it will pay more.
Tax cuts for the rich and the corporations while we the shrinking middle class pay higher property taxes, sales tax, less public services and deteriorating roads, we don't have potholes but craters. God help you if you need an ambulance that alone set you back a couple thousand.
Told ya so!
The fact is the white supremacist like trump want to destroy our government, and that my friend is what foreign terrorist want to do, we should be call these white supremacist what they are terrorist.
Much but with you they are all lies!
Where's my $4000? @buddforcongress  @RepMarkWalker @RepMarkMeadows @RepPittenger @RepRichHudson @RepDavidRouzer @GeorgeHolding @McHenryCampaign @SenThomTillis @POTUS @SenatorBurr
What.. you mean Republicans lied. #dumprepublicans
Im all for lower taxes for everyone and for businesses. why would you be against lower taxes?
Most peoples tax cut now going to pay for gas hikes, 40 cents a gallon over the last 6 weeks. Next food prices, clothing and other commodities will rise because of fuel cost. So nothing gained and a lot lost.
Bs
And let’s not forget that teachers are receiving none of this OR any write offs for that matter.
Yea Bernie I KNEW this was gonna be BS>>> 
But Hey you gonna do another DNC bullshit Jig yourself or are you really gonna stand up for the Bern-Fam you walked away from in Philly?  We GOTSA KNOW! We deserve YOUR Answers>>>
Because the TRUTH IS we live in an Oligarchy and THEY OWN the Duopoly.  You KNOW that Bernie better that ANYONE Don't you?
I luv my POTUS. :)
SAME lies told across the NATIONS check the poverty in USA BRITAIN & AUSTRALIA following same policies FREE Corp MSM Press really inform the people or market vested interest @abcnews @NewsHour @BBCBreaking sick of being scammed yet? @sallymcmanus @unions @SwannyQLD @Bowenchris
We ran the numbers of our 2018 taxes.  Going up .... No cuts coming to this household, no surprise.  Everything that comes out of his mouth is a lie.
But bernie would take all of your earnings and then give you back what you deserved according to his socalist agenda.
No Thanks.
Trump is looking out for his pockets and the pockets of the people who will vote for him
And Donna Brazille is your friend. Lil Debbie S had your best interest at heart and Hillary misses you. Putin loves a loser. Russian kisses Beenie 
Taking about tax is trump still under audit as he said.
Wait a minute Bernie Sanders, you said it was the #GOPTAXSCAM, now it's the Trump's Tax Cuts? Do you Commies even know what the hell you all are talking about??
Oh look, he's doing that STUPID PINCHING GESTURE.
Come to pressed o at Clinton ma for refreshment smoothies
Here is our location
DUH!!!
The Truth! Hear here!
And CEO is http://employee.So  in one sense when CEO got big bonus,corporation actually shares money,although not with everyone.Only with those who "deserved" it.
People r working 4-8 jobs still can’t buy a house or rent
If it is a lie, why did my weekly pay check go up? Your glaucoma must be acting up.  That is what happens when your turn 90.
This guy looks like a real loser. He should wake up and smell the roses, Bernie always has a grim reaper to back him up. They should be called the comrades grim.
If you were POTUS you would never have achieved what Trump has. What’s more, foreign countries respect him even though they don’t agree with all his policies, which enables him to get more results than his predecessors.
This was a supply side tax cut. They could have given a bigger tax cut to lower-income people, but no. Though some morons are happy about their $2 a week crumbs. The small raises will be wiped out by next year by inflation anyway. lol!
Uncle Bernie you are an idiot... typical pension and 401k plans (cops, firemen, teachers, public workers) own equities. Everyone benefits in some form.
Turns out, instead of arguing against my opponents polucies on their merit, Im just going to attack them as liars.  Youre a senator, stop arguing like a 12 year old.
TRUMPONOMICS: 14 States Set Records For Low Unemployment Levels. 1.5 Million Off Food Stamps Since Trump Took Office. The American free enterprise system is greatest engine 4 economic success in the world & Trump is cutting the red tape which held it hostage
#Trump2020LandSlide
45 doesn't know truth - Nothing but lies
Wal Mart gave out a "tax bonus" but cut the heck out of workers' hours so that they MORE than paid for it themselves. Additionally. they are going to a scheduling system based on a computer algorithm that will again cut hours. Why is no one questioning this?
Yeah, but CNN and Fox won't say it. The Great Lie persists.
Get lost Bernie
MIDDLE-CLASS CONSUMER SPENDING Drives Business Investment & #Jobs, NOT TAX RATES.
#Trump #bernie2020  #resist #tcot #TrumpTrain #Millennials #theresistance #bluewave #democrats2020  #votethemout #GOPTaxScam #lifebeforeprofit #bluecollar #nafta  #manufacturing #farming
He’s only interested in himself and his donors.
It never ceases to amaze me how easy it is to con the sheeple. They may as well have asked them for their money in return for nothing.
Anyone else hear House of Cards-esque music in the background?
All of your talk is a lie. #PleaseRetireNow
My wife and I combined are 360 and some change a month!! Screw you Bernie
Our president lied about taxes? No. Way. #FakePresident
I love my tax cuts and I know Dems dont want us to have them.
yeah and isn't Good for Bernie.  Love Money ?   Become a Capitalist Work Hard , Not Shout Loud. Pays more 
Since you mentioned taxes, now would be a great time for you to finally cough up 10 years of your returns, Bernie. The next time you mention “taxes” it should be in a press release of your taxes.
What a bunch of lies you state about tax cut. Helping corporations WILL help America. We will see big tax cuts next year when we  get double the returns for 2018! And they're cutting funding to non necessary things-- hopefully your job! Oh that's right...you work for Bernie
Bernie what is a lie when I get to keep more of my self earned income, you confuse the common man's plight with your disdain for those that have more, in life someone else will always have more than you or me.
Hard to see where the numbers are coming from, but video seems to impact more people than difficult reading
It’s more $$ than you and your limousine liberal friends would give us working humps.

Powerful. I'm 76. I see this administration already messing with Medicare. We have to be vigilant. #TaxCuts
What tipped you off?
Again you lie to cover up good. You woud’nt know the truth if it slipped you across the face. So sad you can’t take credit for any good POYUS has done! Like a cat outside looking in. What a bunch of nothings democrats are!
Not once in my life have democrats proposed tax cuts for anybody. So look in the mirror.
One thing "Conservatives" are VERY good at is word games. Pro-life, Pro-work (for non-union legislation) and so on. Let's start playing their game. When someone calls themselves a conservative, say: Oh...you mean a REGRESSIVE. I mean, what exactly does your party CONSERVE?
It literally means to conserve the status quo. Preserve white male privilege, keep woman in the home barefoot and pregnant, etc.
The problem is progressives care more about taking money from the rich than they do tax cuts for the poor and middle class.
At least we know you always tell the truth. You want to increase taxes, all the time, for everyone. A 100% tax rate on everyone would make you Happy.
Looks like only @SenSanders is surprised. Everybody has known it for decades
Bernie, we dont want your socialism, or communism in this country. Please move to Venezuela. Youve aged beyond relevance.
I have a paycheck stub that proves this video is a lie.
You are SO desperate to gain power that you will lie your way to 2018. The American people are waking up to your corruption and evil. Good always wins Bernie as long as there is a God. You will not take down @realDonaldTrump. This is a war between good and evil.
more leftist propaganda
@kanyewest
My paycheck has increased. So has my wife's. Im sure a majority of Americans can say the same thing
All your promises would result in tax increases.
Worker owned companies is the only solution.
China’s Dagong downgrades Canada’s sovereign credit outlook to negative .  Stop trying to make us like them!
Hi Bernie,
If you have proof and #Trump is lying why don't you accuse him and bring him to court for false statements to the public?

This bastard definitely lied to his wife and his ancient creditors as proven in court though I believe you .

I
I think you might be in love with the president how much are you making at your current job as a senator how much money is the president making at his current job
“Lying helped form a bond of solidarity, by challenging the establishment’s authority to define what was true or correct.”
Blue isn’t perfect, but it’s more likely to protect working families, and stop funneling money to the top. Vote blue in November!
Your the King of lies Bern!
Nice try Bernie.. you also believe unemployment is an issue . Guess you don’t listen to your constituents or stray from MSM. https://data.bls.gov/pdq/SurveyOutputServlet?request_action=wh&graph_name=LN_cpsbref3 … #BlueWave #MAGA #TaxCuts
Nice try Bernie!  But for those of us, of the middle class, the tax cuts have been tremendous. Your fax checking department is in need of a revamp
Just curious how much you make ? I made 45k last year, not rich but not McDonald's and I don't see any improvement
55 and two kids, you must be in the wrong state.
Bernie is puppet of crooked Hillary clinton, people should not trust him. All talks no action.
@TheDemocrats is a fail party which always try to divide our nation.
Speaking of lies, hows the FRAUD CASE going, Bernie?
Wait, he lied?
We have a greedy corporate class, the worst generation in history, determined to erase the middle class...
Support progressives and vote them all out starting with the primaries.
People better listen to both sides of this story. I think the worst is yet to come for 80% of the Americans people. GOP just lost the vote to gut SSI surplus b/c Dem stopped it below 2/3 need to past. Trump/GOP tax cut is for billionaires to get $83M cuts x 5K. Sad #Butta
No one should ever be surprised when Trump lies. That is who he is, what he does.

Don't forget ya need to pay to support all them illegals ya want in.
Giving money back to the people is sooooo evil.    Not.
KAGA! ROFL WTFU! LYING YOUR INITIALS 
*B*S* ARTISTS
ONLY PASSED FEW MOs AGO 
NOT FULLY TAKEN EFFECT YET
80%+ GOT TAX CUT AVG $2K-$4K
FACTS LOWEST UNEMPLOYMENT 14 STATES
LOWEST UE 40YRS 
LOWEST BLACK UE EVER
LOWEST HISPANIC UE EVER
LOWEST WOMEN UE 19 YRS

So one lying socialist, supporting another lying socialist, somehow make you credible ? Burn-man your irrelevant...
A living wage means you dont have to apply for food stamps after working a full time job plus supplementing with a part time job in order to eat. This really amounts to slavery without the beatings, rapes  and hangings. Some of that probably goes on too.

You forgot about the 100% of small business owners (40 million people or 12% of the US) that got a huge break and are no longer treated like mega corporation Communists...
Duhhh
Oh Bernie you just upset you not getting a big piece of the pie 
Please retire. You are an attention seeking politician, who is struggling to stay relevant. For instance, your coordinated “publicity stunt” with Cardi B. You’re washed up, out dated and simply a greasey, lying politician with a bloated salary. #MAGA #KAG #Qanon
Yah, this is what we need.We need Mike Pence to "Make America Like Jerusalem in the Year 0"! We need to go back to an era where North Korea has nuclear missiles ready to fire at the continental USA! You need help!NO WE elected President Trump to punish Democrats. NO MORE GIMMICKS
It's not really a big surprise.
It would be a BIGLY surprise if it was the truth.

Gov. Is not a business. They have opposite purposes.

But, like a business you can't cut your income and expect to run the ship efficiently.
Off to an "auspicious"  start, let's see how full years impact will be come December
You want the truth You are under FBI investigation.
That was the Koch Mercer’s Adelson plan big tax cuts for wealthy and corps to defund vital social programs that help average Americans, they’re sick evil ppl we as Americans must end these crimes against the country and the American ppl at the ballot box #votedems
It doesn’t matter if he lied or not. There’s nothing that can be done about it. There’s nothing that can change it. Unless you do something.
Even f this were true, you do realize that these evil rich people are paying substantial taxes on these gains.
I'm mystified Trumpsters swallowed the con of these tax cuts hook, line, & sinker. 4 decades of "trickle-down" economics have only resulted in the middle class growing poorer and the rich exponentially richer. Just wait for it? It's coming? Just around the corner? Any day now? 
Actually the fact show over the decades that the middle class has become more upper-middle-class. And we will see bigger tax breaks as he has increased the standard deduction and child credits! Why should trumpsters support Planned Parenthood and other unnecessary govt. spending?
Well, the amount I am getting now every two weeks is higher than before, which is what @realDonaldTrump promised. The only reason why these cuts are not permanent is because Dems and Sanders obstructed it, as they usually do.
I take it most of the negative comments are from liberal broke ass states.
Here is a real fact $80.00 more biweekly, in the pay check!
That’s good Garrett, just keep in mind that your tax bill at the end of the year will decide if it is really a tax cut. Depending on an individuals situation you might still be paying more.
Always the optimist I see.
I enjoy the sarcasm. But this tax cut isn’t going to be a tax cut for a lot of people, they just don’t realize it yet. People tend to only see what is right in front of them. 80 bi weekly is great, but it still doesn’t mean you received a tax cut.
Glad you could see I was being sarcastic.  But let’s both wait & see where the chips end up falling.
Andrew McGregor and I agree #Feeltheburn
We also have to remind people that the GOP compares the benefit to the status quo. The real comparison should be with tax cuts that go directly to people.
Bernie what is the truth about your wife’s loan accusations?
Big surprise. It turns out 100% of Bernie’s talk on socialism is a lie.
No surprise to me.  Most of what he says is either an outright lie or a gross exaggeration.   He's the Lying King.
BS, your just a court jester!!
In other news, the sky is blue.
Ok. Serious question to the Americans. Have you seen an increase or decrease from the tax plan?  If it’s your wage? What are we talking a couple of bucks? Thousands?
Only increase I've gotten is an annual 2% wage increase from my employer. Same % going to taxes.
I will never understand how you can sit and talk about someone else’s tax policies when your entire platform would result in increased taxes.
The only people Trump & GOP tax scam lies surprised were their follows who will b affected like the rest of the non wealthy ,doesn't matter if you are a racist, minority, Republican or Democrat it will affect you, because you weren't considered only the big Corp, CEO's, Banks etc
In our present world of instant everything, all new things must be given time ! Time is the major key in all recovery, everything else is designed to fail. Like all things, YOU must design, implement & guide keeping the eye on the end-game; FOCUS on POTUS !!
I did not receive a raise. I have to raise my weekly deductions by $23 to break even next year (according to the new tax wksht) where b4 by claiming 0 I got 400-1200 back in a refund depending on deductions.#TaxScamBill #Deplorables
Unless you tell u s how much you make this info isn't worth anything.
My family and friends are excited to have an increase in take home pay... Thank you President Trump.
does it pay for your Costco Membership? lol
Free school free houses free medical free college free guns free ... but of course we don’t know how to pay.
TRUMP IS A LYING SCUMBAG TRAITOR TO THE USA!                              BERNIE2020


If you want more take home pay STOP GIVING MONEY TO THE GOVERNMENT.

Abolish ALL taxes & keep ALL of  the money you earn. Spend it on the things YOU want & need. Donate to causes YOU support.

What a great pay raise that will be!
What color is the sky in your world? You really need a education in economics, but without taxes, the schools closed, the roads your Co. shipped product are impassable, and  your Co. closed because there was no basic services. Anarchy requires no taxation.
Democrat = Dempendent 
#BackwardsBernieStrikesAgain
Too bad @SweetLilTracy doesn't understand this.
Judging by the comments here, It must  be aslow day in St Petersburg.
Stock Buy backs are a Good thing! It insures the Longevity of a Company,  in turn People will have a Job to go too! 30% tax is To much.
Stop trying to get into Peoples Pockets!
#BackwardsBernieStrikesAgain
Who loses money in the #GOPTaxScam (working families, seniors, children, the sick & disabled, rural families, & the poor) and who gets new handouts (millionaires, billionaires & multinational corporations).
BUYBACKS 
STORE CLOSURES
MASSIVE LAYOFFS
MINUTE RAISES FOR VERY
SMALL #
True. I work for a company that pays us sales people 20k salary plus commission. The commission earned was approx 80% of our pay checks. Last January, company cut commissions almost in half, Company says "you have the opp to earn the same, just sell double" from a huge US Corp.
Bernie is delusional.
The Government steels more then 1/2 of my income with taxes.

How about we get rid of ALL TAXES then YES I will be able to afford to pave the road, pay for my kids teachers, save for retirement, 
AND DONATE $ to public service programs of MY choice.

#TaxesAreTheft
That’s an outright lie, no one has 50% in taxes
Stockholders are Working People too!
#BackwardsBernieStrikesAgain
Funny I checked mine out and should be going from nearly 23% bracket to a 12% bracket. Saving me money.
I bet you don't pay 23% in taxes.
You’d lose that bet.
The typical American to him is someone making 200K a year
Your're so full if it. Really. Just shut up.
At least he cuts taxes. All you want to do Bernie is raise taxes!
Not surprised
Senator Sanders:  Taxes for services: good,  taxes to build up big corporations with minimal employee benefit:  bad.
Sorry Bernie, Trump's not going to pay you off like Hillary did. Don't complain. You accepted the deal.
He already paid Bernie you idiot.
Him and his wife swindled millions out of that college in where was it..?Vermont.
They still don’t know where the money went and now the school she worked at is still liable for the loan.
He said 'Likely' would give! #BackwardsBernieStrikesAgain
Does every Marxist schlep associated with Bernie have to look like a bum?
The tax cut got me a bonus and an extra dollar on my check
Bernie you are a liar. YOU AND YOUR WIFE OWE BACK TAXES AND WGAT ABIUT THE MONEY YOU TOOK HAVE YOU NO SHAME?
So what you're saying is that the tax reduction wasn't big enough, right? I gotcha. Yeah... let's have another round of tax cuts!
