Of course you want to stop all dissident opinions on Social media. A Commie like you wants to control speech. 
#StopDemLies
#RemoveSenSanders
#SocialismKills
The whole point of what he said was to end the outsized influence of a small number of players and to allow for a diversity of opinions.  He actually used the term "diversity of opinions".  Nothing about stopping opinions.  Get a clue.
Just like Marquis used Pure tolerance cannot be tolerated because it is not the Tolerance we want. Pound sand, I have read a lot of Socialist and Communist philosophy. He lies like butter would not melt in his mouth.

Just because you are ignorant of history and Philosophy does not mean everyone is. This is strait out of A Critique of Tolerance. Just because you cannot follow the logic does not mean everyone is as dumb as you are.
I do know how to spell "straight". But see, Sanders is not a communist or a socialist, and you knee-jerk responded without listening to him espouse an internet free of the control of a few corporate players, with a diversity of opinion, that doesn't compromise our privacy.
You literally follow him on twitter
You “literally” prove my point, moron.
Also, very impressive that you both liked and rt'd your own tweet
He’s a liar
Yes Trump and his administration are liars and thieves.
Bernie is a liar.
How’s the beach house Bernie?
Senator Bernie Sanders doesn't own Mar A Lago, that's Donald Trump. I remember when Trump didn't let any Hurricane Maria victims into his fancy Mar A Lago estate while Mosques all over the state opened their doors to help those in need.
Trump isn’t a socialist so it’s not hypocritical
Your right, National Socialist seems a more fitting title for your "leader" Trump.
Not even close
Stop democrats
That’s so juvenile and misleading. But hey you got the ass with the bigly vocabulary who pays prostitutes. Great choice. You think he gives a fuck about you???

It is a losing battle that all users of the Internet currently face. The days of privacy are over and I can't see legislation changing things with the Internet being worldwide.
I’ve always sad Corps access to our info is just as bad, if not worse than Governments
I couldn’t love you anymore for this Bernie
All I can say is that I am glad he didn't say anything about this stupid Russian interference bs. He referenced bs ads, but to think that foreign bs is worse than the tons of domestic bs is looking for the speck when you have a plank in your own eye.
No one said it was worse, but a foreign gov pushing propaganda on citizens of other courtries is something that needs to be dealt with 
ESP if they are trying to interfere in elections
It just seems hypocritical of USA which has been doing the same thing and following it up by weaponizing factions since my grandparents time....SE Asia Central America Middle East
US has never has a factory of workers whose job was to spread lies, propaganda and spread chaos in another country via the Internet.
Period
Spread chaos. Right. Like a few Russian trolls started the chaos in the U.S. 

Internal problems are often blamed on external agitators. It’s a traditional method of distraction—and you too have fallen for it.
Yeah, just like 15 other countries did? 
I’m with you 100% Bernie. The availability of information and the way it can be used is one of the most important decisions we face. The issue you mentioned about the huge amount of power wielded by a few large companies should be considered.
Someone want to tell Bernie the US is a Constitutional Republic, not a "democracy" 
There is also an issue with people and organizations distributing information and misinformation without any accountability for its accuracy. Does free speech mean anyone can say anything about anyone else regardless of whether it’s true and regardless of their own interests?
Resign, go home, take your meds and a nap.  Help your wife's attorney prepare for your bank fraud investigation. So useless on so many levels. #Later
You mean Trump right?
Who is the man who lied, deflected and has done nothing fpr the American people? Answer: Trump
It's that truly horrible book, you know the one that blamed everyone in the world except the candidate author for Trump being president.
I use to love Facebook but I had to dump it because Zuckerberg is a douche. When Facebook fires him, I will come back....#getridofZuckerberg
Should all these speakers be allowed to remain anonymous? I use the Internet all the time. It has great advantages. But it is a dangerous tool in the hands of evil people. When is our government going to set some boundaries?
Speaking of fraudulent advertising, how much of your donors' money did you spend on Old Town Media? Did your wife work for them as well?
FACT: Bernie right now is the most popular politician n AMERICA. 
FACT: Bernie would have beat Dumps ass
FACT: DNC and MSM and DEM governors worked to install Killary for their 1% owners.. The difference between Bernie and MR hope no change Obama & Killary he doesnt take DARK$
Yes, we need to put an end to your fraudulent political advertising. 

I feel you missed the mark a little here @SenSanders its not just Americans who are effected by these issues. Facebook, Amazon and Google are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the shadow economy of data brokerage and exploitation.Political advertising is just one facet
Resuming, Facebook should block and close all the accounts and advertising that don't reflect Sanders's communist beliefs
troll
No troll, just facts
You spread lies. Your account has been around since 2011 but you only have 6 followers, one of whom isn't shown because it's thought to be a spam account. Troll.
Everything I said is facts, maybe I'm wrong about Bernie Sanders but read his book and create your own opinions
Everything you said is a lie. If you watched the video, Bernie said nothing about FaceBook closing/blocking anything not communist. Also, Bernie is a Democratic Socialist.
Who said anything about Facebook? Now is just calling names? what happened? Run out of options. Everything I wrote is a FACT, my opinion can be wrong, but a liar?
You talked about FaceBook. Read a few posts up.
Trump is a
Naw he's a
You guys spelled hero wrong
Hero? How is he a hero?
I was wondering the same thing
Who cares what Bernie thinks.
We who saw Clinton go down in flames. Lol
Bernie was good at first but over time he never moved beyond his initial rant. Presented no real ideas for solving problems of inequality. Now other issues need attention but he has little to say on these. HRC did not crash & burn by herself. Bernie selfishly acted for himself.
Theres only 1 thing worse than a Tea GAG Trumpet & thts a Hillary twat voter. Hillary was a vile seller of gov The server didnt set itself up, she did it to be OFF THE GRID, away from FOI requests, selling gov access for Foundation CASH.. talk about RICO Obstruction & perjury WOW
Coming from the guy who tried to get his people to break into DNC's data system, lol. His guy was caught then Trump used Russia to hack DNC's system in few months later.
I stand with you Bernie, you’re absolutely correct , the sooner, the better !
You are scum
Facebooks role only exists because people are dumb enough to provide it with one.  Those who use facebook have always been welcoming whatever propaganda they chose to present.  If anyone did not know that they were stupid.
If you're paying nothing for it, you ARE the product.
How about answering the big question all your supporters have for you Bernie boy. Why have you never had the balls to file charges against Donna Brazil , Hillary Clinton , and the DNC for their crimes committed during the primaries against you ?
Well tht was tried, and the Courts threw the case out.. As apparently the @DNC doesnt have to be fair or honest. Which  is why that rat @Tomperez is running the cheat show now.. Superdelegates still the 1% gatekeepers.
Go home Bernie !!!
Curious how we spend our time mulling over POTENTIAL influence Russian bots MIGHT'VE had, rather than on the #ElectionFraud our OWN politicians DID have.
https://medium.com/@spencergundert/hillary-clinton-and-electoral-fraud-992ad9e080f6 …
Why did you wait until now to issue a statement about facebook. During the campaign, your people shared thousands and thousands of false and misleading stories via Russia. about @HillaryClinton  Your silence and lack  of humility, show you  are just another corrupt politician,
You forgot What Happened the book, that seriously set a bitter, cheated, scorned, mean girl example for lots of supporters. Absolute shame that book was. Very divisive and not inspiring, positive, or helpful at all.
Let me translate we must continue to let Facebook censor conservative veiws while letting them push left leaning thought policing to the forefront but most importantly we must make sure that companies like Cambridge Anilitica are allowed to take contracts from conservatives
Not allowed*
Big brother includes companies AND the gov’t. Orwell had is half right
and your real name isn't Bernie Sanders
For a nice live interactive and historical visualization app/map of our internet by see https://apple.co/2HgG7Ck  #internet #visualization
...from the man who likely still has a VCR flashing 12:00 somewhere in his home.
Have 2 day I agree with the Bern on this one
Tell them what it ALL is Bernie-- Google Facebook Twitter Microsoft etc.

          P S Y O P

GOV & CORPORATE INTEL

          S P Y I N G

  O N   A M E R I C A N S
first of all who decides what is and is not a "real news" story?
why the hell do the big corps need to know about me having ADHD and migraines? huh? well i know im stupid but i still think my info isnt worth that much
You are correct Sen. Sanders, there is no privacy anymore!
You know @SenSanders you're  all right!
Zuckerberg didnt invent FB!
2004: Pentagon Kills LifeLog Project (then turned it into Facebook) https://www.wired.com/2004/02/pentagon-kills-lifelog-project/?mbid=social_twitter_onsiteshare … via @WIRED
let's see if he continues to follow the money, if so then. ....reason to begin taking out the trash
All politicians running for office should have the exact same amount of money to spend on their campaigns! Make it fair to ANYONE that wants to run for office! Big money must be removed from ALL campaigns!
Senaror, you have dropped the TRUTH like missiles to war zone on enemies. Well done sir.
That's how Trump won the presidential elections.
~ Wow, never thought I'd agree with Bernie on Anything!
Not a Democracy, Senator, not a Democracy.
Except... yes it is?
WHO gave Facebook a role in OUR Democracy Bernie? 
Ask Obama. 
It was for ENTERTAINMENT,  connecting with Friends NOT POLITICS. 
WHO changed that? 
Ask Obama
What the heck does Congress do for their salary because obviously they have been ASLEEP at the wheel. 
#MAGA
I'm sorry. But a person in his position should know ours is a Republic, not a Democracy. If you can't understand that simple but important definition of our governing society....how can you trust anything he says?
a republic is a democracy
I wish you were younger Bernie, you are the exception, but all these dinosaurs, including #PotASS make it clear that politicians should be forced to retire at 65.
...issue is that many companies, banks, etc push towards online billing by charging a fee if you get a bill in the mail. Now this USED to be part of doing business, that expense, not ours.State Farm, etc has huge databases of info on people, while they don't sell, can be breached
ant eye
I appreciate the work you do for us, & the info you relay. There needs to be a way to keep private certain information if you want to. Some people want everyone to know where they are, what they do. But we have no control anymore even w/o posting/shopping online. Part of the...
Hi Bernie,
As a supporter of Jeremy Corbyn in the Uk, I share many of your beliefs. But, I must take issue over your analysis of the impact of Facebook in regard to the potential to either shape, or nuance entrenched existential political opinion via targeted ads.
Well said Mr,Sanders
I love your work Bernie, but the background music is just annoying, loud and unnecessary. Mr. video producer, please.
Man you’re stupid.
I stopped at you that fraudulent political advertising must stop. Does that you're no longer advocating for socialism as a good thing then since that's historically obvious fraudulent advertising.
Destroying a COUNTRY.
in my view, bernie should go very far away, and shut the fuck up.
Legislation blocking companies from selling our private information may be one. Having the option for ad-free "don't follow me" browsing could be another.
So,so true Mr Sanders, hope it gets better and not worse..
I want my identity back Zuckerberg.
.@SenSanders, why are you not asking more pointed Qs than "how the big internet co's (@facebook, @amazon and @Google) profit from selling our data?" Illegal use of our online data + misused medical records + stolen emails in military psyops created unfounded fears = 2016 + 2018!
Data mining has been going on, and  obviously so, since the internet first started. Everybody is acting surprised. Funny how far wilful ignorance takes society. So sad the conversation is JUST NOW starting for the majority.
Yeah but when the internet started there wasn't much personal info floating around on the internet.
There was where I traversed. Plus so many personal websites were up everywhere! They were already culling info so generously posted off of vanity, political and topical sights. Chat rooms were free flowing with bio's and such. Before even Geocities, Tripod & Anglefire.
Yes, agree. People need to be held responsible for social media in all forms when they cause harm and disrupt people’s lives with their actions and words.  Let the courts examine and make law to keep social media free but hold individuals and groups accountable. Stop harassment.
Facebook's use of personal information to profit off users is amoral.

But there are also paid promoters for both Parties on social media, using deceased identities to make and share toxic comments.

They must be required to divulge their agenda. They're harming public discourse.
Hard for me to believe @SenSanders is actually saying this with all the bogus political adds of the left and how well FB & Google have been choking the voice of conservatism. This is so anti-Sanders, hope it’s real.
In addition to holding corporations accountable for their actions, we must also work to build MEDIA LITERACY in general public. Make it part of our educational curriculum, mandatory support on social media and ideally reinforced via public commentary
If the fbi needs warrants to tap my phone why doesnt fb?
Each update involves ways to stop giving users the option to stop them from invading cell phones without permission. Facebook n Messenger has no business in my cellphone photos, videos or text and I no longer have an option to stop them! 
This site is feeeling like RUSSIAbook!
Las personas son muy tontas para poder identificar que información es verídica, por lo tanto, hemos decidido que nosotros seleccionaremos que información pueden recibir.
Its a free flippin country let the man do what he has to do
So you think it's right, for a company to take your personal information, and sell it to people?
its going to result in the loss of even more freedoms, privacy was just the beginning.
I respect that you know and understand the "facts" because the general public just "talks" and doesn't have any idea of what they are really talking about. Facebook, Google/YouTube, and Amazon run way more on AI than anybody realizes.
How about implementing laws like the EU's GDPR?
Very well done!
Yes, we  Bernie!
Voice of reason
If people would actually stop being so apathetic and lazy, and do some actual research instead of relying on a single source of dubious information, they could stop blaming Facebook for the election results. Trump has always been terrible. Same with Hillary. FB not the problem.
And let me add that it's certainly not a few Russians' fault that U.S. citizens are falling for the Arm Wrestling Jesus ads. I mean, crap, we might as well blame Jesus for Trump ...
Don't let the 'Next Generation' be targeted by the Corporate State. Regulate the Information Highway!!!
Who cares what Bernie says. By the way, have you gotten your balls yet after hillary removed them ?? What a set up.
Political ads should be banned. Democracy is not a product for sale. What is OK is debates on issues and people will make their opinion without corporations influence.
He’s against Net Neutrality, but all the sudden is all for heavy regulation on information to or from the internet
Bernie Sanders supports Net Neutrality.  

The issue he’s raising in this video is how many companies should the biggest website companies be allowed to own?
"Democracy" ... or "Corporate Fashism"?
What about the major credit bureau breach, oh yes they got a government contract, out of it.
Yea dummy , it impacted the election because people communicated and agreed that trump was best for the job! We the people made the memes against Hillary ... now you want FB gone to control the info !! Sad
Hey Bernie, How is it that you knew the primary was rigged, and still took over 250 million in donations?
troll
Corporations have become more powerful than Government
Yet people still use these companies even with this stuff being known for years now! If people really cared they stop using it!  It’s really quiet simple.
SCUM SCOLDING SCUM...
IRONY...
Is there really any difference between corporations and our government these days?
First of all mi Account in Facebook or Google+
The best hooker the free market has to offer still couldn't get that old socialist sausage hard these days aye old Bern dawg.Go have a cup of tea and a lie down bud.
where was you when hillary was on the stand, why was she NOT under oath?
Honestly, I usually agree with you, but I want to hear about how our elected leaders are dealing with gun violence...not FB. First things first. Let's help our students go to school and survive.
You are not a good person sanders!You have to give an account to  GOD Almightylike we all have to do.
Erm...no we don't.
Bernie, you are stupid commie. Your gods are Lenin and Stalin, who killed millions people. Your utopia is USSR. You want to build bloody Soviet Union in the USA.
troll
Everyone seen it Bernie.  But thanks for doing the news media’s job.  Go to work
troll
One of the greatest threats to our democracy and way of life facing America and the world. Citizens have to demand action to protect our country.
troll
GAFA are the new standard oil. 
Will end exactly the same ....
I think the gov't will regulate and cost $$ to the users.  Then corporations will buy (influence) politicians to get their way anyway.  So leave it alone....and let me decide what I want to say, do, reveal.  (without paying for it)....thanks for your efforts. love you.
Hear ! Hear !
Watched this for a little while yesterday. Seemed to me  Zuckerberg didn't know the answers to a number of questions I thought he should have known off the top of his head. I don't think he was *deliberately* evasive, just not as well prepared as I thought he should have been.
Just make the internet free of charge for all human being in this planet earth and let everything find its balances and harmony
Hey Bernie, can you make a vlog channel on YouTube?
Will probably become most toxic comments section on YouTube
Waste!
Thanks from retweeting this Paul
The mainstream media is constantly lying and you don't care about that.  So long as they aren't lying about democrats its ok with you?
Please, investigate electronic medical records companies. Many have our SS#.
Give him the zucc
Every time I search something on Amazon I see endless ads for those products on fb, I deactivated fb but all my info is still accessible I imagine.
basically i want my liver spotted hands in your shit! so that I can make "sure" you don't get fucked with. So in a jist, let the government use  your tax dollars to fund a program to better monitor you. :D promise NSA won't use it. whatever corrupt party in power might.
Inspiring words from Comrade Sanders.
Wondering why Congress today is treating Facebook's CEO like an old friend rather than grilling him (they didn't even require him to be sworn in):
...and we complain about other countries corruptions. lmao
In the beginning of mankind,we had hunters&gatherers;lateron farmers&buisnessmen;the year 2020 we will start where we begun; hunters&gatherers online.Still keep in mind the reality of lifehood,food&water comes still from mother nature the internet is just the cage we created!
#FB, #Google, #MSN etc. are hand in glove with #USGov , #NSA & have been from day one - read more here
Ahah, the inevitable scare tactic that allows governments to begin to go back to hiding their actions in the shadows. Facebook actually enabled that more than any other thing. It roped the internet users onto a targettable platform
Facebook is not a social network https://keithpp.wordpress.com/2018/04/10/facebook-is-not-a-social-network/ … … #facebook #deletefacebook #FacebookHearing #DeleteInstagram #Deletewhatsapp
Hey Bernie tell us how much stock do you have with all of them big internet companies.
The left is more concerned with political ads that hurt their party than the widespread spying FB has done. Man liberals really hate losing elections..
Bernie said nothing we did not already know.
Why is this man not our President?
Hillary Clinton
No doubt there is a lot they can do with our data but believing the government can/should have any hand in it is just crazy. Stop expanding government. You just want more of our money.
All the kids that get bullied and kill themselves because of it he should be charged for that!
??
get to the point old man
Lol he isnt a man he is a jewish demi god
Intresting I Agree
Keep fighting for us Bernie
Nothing but a PR stunt with the help of the government. Look how cute zuck was acting laughing at your questions. This was all an act. Crooked AF like Hillary
The DNC committed fraud against the citizens of the United States and you Mr. @BernieSanders knew all about it.
How's the tongue and bagels today bernie seltzer man
Power, we are defeated by that which overtakes us.
Thank you Bernie. 
So many thoughts. Nothing is free. All we gave up for access to facebook’s service was our privacy and right not to be lied to with propaganda and bots in an election/referendum. So we gave up everything
Breaching privacy is Facebook's actual business profit model. I hope #congressdotgov called him on that. Regulation must be much tougher to safeguard #privacy #GOP #TheDemocrats #UKParliament
There is No Way anyone older than 35 had any idea what relevant questions to ask Mark Zuckerberg.
@hoven_j @GabrielMariya
#10321177 then... #lucu sumprit
It is an important discussion. But I know what I don't want....for the government to have control over the internet.
Bernie agrees he voted against the patriot act, he is just saying that corporations should not be able to use your private information without consent.
I saw HIPPA violations within my patient load 6 years ago and stepped away.  As a CEO I MUST confirm all advertising accounts with a f**g Facebook page.  Not a monopoly?  Pullleeezzze #DeleteFacebook except I can’t. Sir, please change this.
Let us be cleeyah
#dontwannagetberned you are a complete moron
Might want to drop this one Bernie. A free and open web is the only way to go. Never censor.
The only fraudalent postings are by the democrats and zuckerberg taking away the 1st amendment rights by deleting conservatives facebook pages. You traitor to america.
?
Bless you Bernieyou are a Godsend!!!
And the student loan debt for those 50+? What direction do we turn? Bill HR2366?
My private information,  I'm talking everything  about has been hacked 3 times in the last 4 years.  WE NEED TO FORCE CREDIT BUREAUS TO HAVE BETTER FIRE WALLS Our info is handed over 2 them
Experien has been hacked into 2, IL was hit for voter info has 2 stop

Difference between NSA/CIA and FB having my data: I voluntarily give it to FB and they use it to sell me things. NSA/CIA steals it and they use it to monitor me/potentially go after me. FB doesn’t have life changing power over me but gov does
Unregulated #SocialMedia companies hold monopoly power over our #PersonalData, and generated a new form of advertising that is closer to psychological manipulation  They profit from giving secrecy to fake accounts and bots which seed addictive click-bait lies and #HateSpeech.
Facebook is the new Russia. Lmao.
Before I start,let me say that I’m middle eastern & I have never given my cell number to Facebook.  Recently I have changed my profile info on Facebook.
I was born in 2000, just turned 18
I was born in Hong Kong
I live in Beijing China
Hobbies are, snort Coke & shoot heroin. 1of2
Within days, I get a few phone calls, these are automated system.  A women talking in Chinese.  I also got a call about drug rehab.  Today my wife got a call, women speaking Chinese & I got a call about joining a church...coincidence?  I think not, but I also can’t prove it. 2of2
At your age Bern I wouldn't trust you with a car much less the internet.
every key stroke, anything and everything you do on the internet is not private. everything is traceable. even the grocery store collects information on what you buy. not much is private anymore
Wtf is he even talking about!?
I don't see any need for more legislation
@markritson
@SenSanders is the first time I see a politician talk about this subject. Please listen to @harari_yuval
What the f? @carlosmencia you seeing this? It's like something you said about beaners
Not like I'm defending Facebook, But Google does the Same thing! Sell your information to third party friends, and or business partners, and nobody cries about that? Hello?
Shut UP, geezer! #NeverBernie
Truth.
@SenSanders may not yet realise this is an attack by corporate media on Internet news and information. CNN, FOX, MSNBC, WashPo, HuffPo ... these corporations aren't interested in privacy. Be careful about how you tear down Facebook and be wary of what will replace it.
*some of the most
#ignorance is the real problem. (imho)  Understanding how things work is vital to not being exploited.  This of course involves critical thinking as well.   Perhaps there should be more interrogatives and less soap boxes within our national discourse.
Corporate control of public forum.
Absolutely correct.
Go away, Bernie
The invention of the internet is comparable to Gutenberg's press. It's impact radically changed the world's political and cultural environment, redefining what it means to be human. We must expect the same from the internet, or more.
#outoftouch.   How can lawmakers regulate things they don’t understand.. par for the course!#dumbquestions
Wait. Trump is about to start ww3 and you're talking about Facebook?
Yo, like all you need to do is pour some water on the Zucc and he'll short circuit, case closed my dudes
Isn't the anti-trust issues the reason AT&T was broken up years ago? Have the laws concerning anti-trust changed in those past years? Why are those laws not protecting the American people now?
Facebook is violating constitutional rights and personal privacy, attempting to control commerce. All illegal.  Nail them
Bernie you're a hero
Don’t forget the questions like....Do you consider Facebook a free platform? Why would certain political views be censored on your “free” platform? Is it true that Facebook offered the same data mining information to the Obama administration for free to ensure winning in 2012?
BERNIE2020
The Democrats won’t allow that !!
So weary of all the fraud going on.   Let’s vote for decency and truth next time.
He would makes the worlds poor and put our in great danger.
Hey Bernie... have you ever admitted your campaign benefited from all the fake russian propaganda that was dumped on Hillary & that your bernie bro bots were instrumental in spreading the fake news, lies and conspiracy theories aimed at Hillary... no, I guess you missed that one.
Of course Bernie is a fan his wife probably gets a kickback
He did this to make his fortune!! Why is anyone surprised ??
I’m appalled by Bernie’s glossing over the NSA ‘knowing all about you.’ I find the government snooping on all of us far more worrisome than google, Facebook and the like sharing data on users.
At least the government is ostensibly controlled by the People so long as we have free and fair elections. Corporations are in no way under our control and most of the time have interests diametrically opposed to the interests of the public.
I am so happy you put this in words for us common people could
 understand
This is something I have said for a few  years now. People worry about the NSA, the NSA has nothing compared to what corporations have on you.
https://twitter.com/amussmann19691/status/983712372484444160 …
