We need a secretary of state who will stand up for people of all faiths, sexual orientations and genders, not someone like Pompeo who opposes women’s rights and LGBTQ rights and who promotes religious bigotry.
And we need a secretary of state who will address the crisis of climate change, not stymie action on one of the world’s most serious security threats. 

For all these reasons, Mike Pompeo is absolutely the wrong choice to serve as the United States’ top diplomat
Thank you, Senator Sanders, for once again being on the right side of history. #Bernie2020
Always!
You are an #ivorytowerelitistcoward who makes millions on your government check and bank fraud while soldiers had to collect food stamps. What a joke.
His net worth is less than $600,000.
All those years in Congress & worth $600,000,proof he's not on gravy train. As for his lake house,his wife inherited $ but trolls gotta find some reason to reject him ignoring fact HC is multi-millionaire & Trump is a billionaire. Go figure.
I don't care about @realDonaldTrump money. He is a successful businessman. He is entitled his. 600000 dollars to a socialist profesional #ivorytowerelitistcoward government employee while vets die in waiting lines and soldiers need food stamps. Thats a sad joke.
Bernie is not letting vets sit & die. Bernie is not the entire USG. My husband is a disabled combat vet. VA needs fixed for sure but it isn't Bernie's fault. Bernie is a democratic socialist,not a socialist. Pls get ur facts straight.
Bernie is part of the @DeptVetAffairs issue. How many decades has he been in office? The answer is simple, long enough to fix it. He is a joke. This is a man whos hate rhetoric led one of his followers to shoot congressmen. Now I'm attack her by the same mindless drones. Sad.
Bernie has always fought for vets. He is ONE man in a congress that is bought & paid for-both sides. My husband gets care at the VA. His VA is good
Bernie’s Veterans Bills – Veterans for Bernie Sanders http://vetsforbernie.org/bernies-veterans-bills … Now if u just want 2 gripe & smear wo facts,get lost. I don't have time 4 nonsense
Like you did in 2003?
Voting against Iraq? I agree, @SenSanders is always on the right side of history.
Were you a senator in the past 15+ years? Did you talked to Obama ? Give us a break
Bernie Sanders was first elected to Congress in 1990. He served 16 years as a Congressman.

Then he was elected to the US Senate in 2006. 
Obama campaigned for him.
That was 12 years ago. 
they've talked since then.
Give'em hell Bernie!!
Says the guy who voted to fund nearly every war that happened  during his career.  #hypocrite
You mean when he voted to provide for the soldiers who had already been deployed? Yeah, what a horrible thing to do! I guess you don't remember the early days in Afghanistan and Iraq when there wasn't enough ammunition, protective gear, etc.
Lmfao....  there wasn't enough ammunition??? Hahahahahaha wow your special
but your vote failed...right?
So will this inept administration.
Thank you Bernie!
Never ending wars = never ending money for the military industrial complex.
Dems: “See! Not even a Democrat!”
Bernie is actually #TheResistance. Many of the "democrats" in Congress have gone right so they can still ride the gravy train. Will the base wake up,probably not but they will probably regret their choices. #BernieWouldHaveWon
If the base was paying attention that they would’ve regretted their choices for decades
I was asleep,in a coma. I'm now 3rd party or bust
Senator, you are such a great man! Please, put your eyes on the Presidency, that is where you belong. Don't give up! Well done sir.
You should team up with Dr. Jill Stein.
Don't bother-exactly! Time is ripe for a third party that represents the people.
ranked choice voting necessary.
I can't watch you tube,low data,slow speed,on satellite. I don't think a 2-party system is healthy at all. Founding fathers warned against it. It gives too much control & now seems like 2 parties r actually the same party.
Thank you Bernie! Pompeo is an awful choice for Secretary of State. This is going to be bad.
I was just blocked by Bernie! My day is complete.
How do you reply to someone's tweet when you're blocked?
Thank you, Senator Sanders.
Thanks Bernie
.... history will show exactly what Pompeo is about.
And it isn’t “just” that...
Mike Pompeo, Trump’s nominee for Secretary of State, received more #Koch money than any other federal candidate in the 2016 election cycle, per http://OpenSecrets.org .  #UnKochOurCountry …
Let me guess Jennifer Cohn, you would have preferred a Democrat that had received more Soros money than any other federal candidate in the 2016 Clinton debacle, right?
General Esienhower: If men can develop weapons that are so terrifying as to make the thought of global war include almost a sentence for suicide, you would think that man's intelligence and his comprehension... would include also his ability to find a peaceful solution.
We don’t need a rapture believing yahoo leading our intl relations.
Hear hear!
The MIC is out of control and making too much money. I don’t think they will ever let us get out of a perpetual war state.
Shut up you communist
Please study up on what communism actually means
Why'd you support Hillary then?
Resist, Obstruct & Destroy is what drives you. Unity, Strength & Success of America, its citizens and World Leadership by our President is of no interest to you, democrats, msm and your few followers. We thrive on Capitalism!
who are you talking to
Idiots that irresponsibly promote socialism & disunity by class, gender & status in America.
Your class/gender/status fragility doesn't translate into other people being idiots.
Ok.
I agree; thank you for voting no. I was deeply disappointed in all those who voted for him, especially the dems & Rand Paul, who all know better. #NoMoreWar
SenSanders, please elaborate on successful Clinton or Kerry accomplishments as Secretary of State. Benghazi, Haiti, Iran, or North Korea? Now remind me, for which one of these was Obama awarded the Nobel Peace Prize? I understand the people of Haiti would like Clinton to revisit.
You want North Korea to have nukes so the West can terrify and control Americans. you're too indictrinated
Yaaaawwwwnn, thanks Bern for reminding me how much I am thankful for President Trump.
Thank you!
Kids like those in Parkland, Fla., have known only gun violence in schools and never-ending war. This is America on the Dark Side.
Thank you
This time it will not be an "nerver ending war", but the total ending
A war mongering corporate hack who wants to try playing Global Thermonuclear War for realsies has not place at State.
If the Cheeto wants to put him in at the Pentagon, that's one (also bad) thing. But State is about diplomacy and building common interests...not killing people.
really needed you to stand up to hillary though
He cannot, he is there just to make noise, so he has to do what the party decides they want to do.  Keep making noise bernie
he threw away his shot
You are only kidding right? You endorsed a woman for president that had people killed in Iraq, Afghanistan, Benghazi, Syria, Kosovo and numerous other places, including our country and by the way she and the dem committee made an ass out of you. Please cut the comedy, retire
Fuck war, fuck fear, and fuck you congressional douche fucks. There...
I like the cut off your jib.
Like Kerry and Clinton did for 8 years?
Sanders is talking about Pompeo and Trump.  This is 2018, not 2008.  Sanders has been consistent on this issue.  Why are you obfuscating?
I know who HE is talking about. Stating that the Secretaries of State of the prior administration that HE supported are no different in supporting never ending wars. #peace
So I get confused here.  Wasn’t it Obama who pulled us out of Iraq, and wasn’t it Trump and the right that said he shouldn’t have done so?  Wasn’t it Bush who got us into Iraq and Afghanistan in the first place and declared a so called “war on terror”, a war with no end?
We still have troops in Iraq and Obama deployed troops to Syria. Yes,  Bush got it all rolling in Afghanistan and Iraq, it was very disappointing that Obama didn’t get us out of both. My point is that the Ds and Rs are hypocrites and only oppose the other’s wars! #peace
Ah Bernie that was Obama.  Remember?
Obama started more wars than Bush and even more air strikes
My memory is on the blink.. please remind me of the wars Obama started.
https://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/u-s-bombed-iraq-syria-pakistan-afghanistan-libya-yemen-somalia-n704636 …  Obama started 5 of these under his presidency
Well you lost Bernie! Pompeo was confirmed. And hopefully you guys will keep on losing.
Robert it looks like you're obsessed with Republicans "winning". You know who's losing? The American people with all the bullshit that Washington is putting us through. It starts with the President and goes across and both aisles. The winners should be us!
Is that why you were a sell-out to Hilary? So you could complain from afar instead of allowing us to vote for YOU? You could’ve beaten Hilary & given the American people a better option than Hilary to run against Trump but you sold out! WHY?
"Sell out" makes no sense. He lost a primary. Then he endorsed the winner of the primary. This is what always occurs. There was no "selling out" involved. He believes Hillary is superior to Trump as should anyone who supported him.

Let's be honest here "Bernie". You voted against Pompeo because you're a bitter obstructionist.
Pompeo is a Christian fundamentalist terrorist
Amen Senator!
Your main problem is that most of your “colleagues” are not interested in politics but in their income
OK bloviating Bernie, he is bringing the world together with North Korea. Are you in your own world? Or just a Democrat?
Please rename him as Bombeo.
You lost again FYI. Btw the Korean War is about to end. ISIS will disappear within this presidency, and troops will come 

I'm gonna recycle this meme


ha!
You didn’t vote for him because you are a political hack that toes the party line instead of doing what is best for our country
Trump supports never ending wars? He hasn't gotten us into any. You have though.
How so?
He backed Obama and Clinton's plundering of Libya. He never critisized Obama when we were bombing Yemen. It favored Obama going into Syria. I will say he was against the Iraqi war.
Thank you for clarifying. Seems like there's a problem with tribalism within the party lines where people let injustice slide if it's within their own party. I'm gonna look into what you said because I hadn't heard about him backing any pro war decisions until now.
To be fair to Bernie, he has mostly been against wars, I'll give him credit for that.
Bernie, you might want to change your news source. Trump has had more diplomatic success in the past year than the last 3 presidents. Especially with dictators that obama was scared of. Pompeo is part of the current success with North Korea. Are you not getting the briefings?
Senator, we both know that men like Trump, and there are many like him, will only pick people who will submissively placate to his will.
The reason there are so many books on leadership is there are so many shitty leaders.
You voted against him because you put politics above America.
No, he just doesn't want america to look like The Handmaids Tale.
Bernie is a political hack and would vote against God, oops the DNC already did it, if it benefited Bernie
What elected office does god hold again?
Anyone he wants dip shit
Pull out of the wars so we can use the money to build an ark, and get the eff of this crazy planet Alpha Centauri is nice this time of year.
Given the historic results today of Pompeo, Trump and their teams efforts on the Korean Peninsula this tweet did not age well at all Sen. Sanders.    

Please give credit where credit is due.  

Peace for the USA is a bi-partisan matter of great importance.
Isn't North Korea now negotiating peace? Are you blind? I can't believe I voted for you.
No offense but look at Korea today. More progress then in the last 15 years. And you're still ok with Hillary stealing your chance to be president? Amazing!!
I think it's time we completely withdrawal from those areas, it's a mess we created and it's a mess that's been getting our people killed.
Isn't the korean war coming to an end finally...where were you on this the last 50 years.
Learn from Trump Sanders!!!!
You will vote against Trump no mater what . You are definitely a socialist hack
Remind me again which president is about to preside over the end of the 65 year old armistice in the Korean Peninsula... “THANKS OBAMA”??!! LMAO
You're absolutely right. Again.
Pompeo wasn’t there in the 50s 60s 70s 80s and 90s was their any peace. Was their anyone working towards bringing all nations together. In fact sides were taken.
Did you see what happened in north and South Korea today,Not a shot fired.Really?
How about N & S Korea, Bernie?
Bernie, I liked you, knew you couldn't win, so now please just go away your 15min ended long ago
Thank you! #Bernie2020
#Bernie2020
Tulsi Gabbard NEEDED
When will we have just and fair people in this administration? I don't think it's possible at this point. I pray for this country and this planet that it can endure the reign of Trump and Trumpism
You voted against Pompeo because he is to qualified and he was nominated by @realDonaldTrump thats why Bullshit Bernie.
Too late the evil one got his way again bunch of cowards the GOP
We Italians beg you to. Your wars are causing human misery and were are the ones taking the people who's lives you have destroyed.
Yet you voted for him in his current position where were your concerns then? You just look silly this is all about your hatred for trump.
#TermLimits
Nov 2018 CAN NOT COME SOON ENOUGH!
#BlueWave2018 #EndSuperdelegates
The wars aren't with nations, they are with radical cells of terrorists, ironically created from the destruction our last 5-7 Presidents have caused by bombing wedding parties. Much like the Genocide Israel is committing on Palestinians
Also 15 years seems nice but we have been meddling in the middle east at least from since the 70's
Eight years of Obama did not get it done
Trump is knocking the drums of war before he started his term of presidency for economic reasons e.g increase arms sale. He is looking for advisers who support this trend. The presence of a group of hawks around him suggests that this man is dangerous for USA and the entire world
How do you describe your behavior that’s lead to a federal investigation into you and your wife’s fraudulent activities?
so you’re admitting you lost
Yeah, people with principles and integrity often lose in the short term only to be vindicated by history. I wouldn’t be smug about it because with the pro-Rapture nutcase Pompeo at State and Bloody Gina at CIA there’s a good chance we all lose.
#FEELTHEBURN
Hey Bernie,,GO TO SLEEP,,,,FOREVER
Keep up your work Bernie. Youve got a lot of people behind you
What's happening with the bank fraud charges against your wife?
Keep a check on them senator ,save our nation from trumps idiocy,and disregard for the planet
Where were you at during Bush and Obama regimes??
Call out Doug Jones. He's thrown his voters under the bus and votes with Trump 60% of time.
I believe the war with Isis is over right. I thought it ended in trumps term. I believe trump has had a positive effect on our military. Did south Korea and North Korea do some positive things to stop nuclear weapons?. Trumps term again right?.
The democrats have been bamboozooling this United States give us a break. Trump is definitely very controversial but he will do better than Obama and Clinton combined
Donald Trump, President of the United States of America, doesn't need or want your opinion on how to run the country. You couldn't even stop crooked hillary from stealing the primary from you. We voted for him and not you for a very good reason.
Stop it we have trump try to figure out how t o beat him or we have 6 more yrs.
Seems like you're wrong an awful lot @SenSanders

because obama did right. seems trump brought the Koreas together. obama didn't do that either
You promised that north Korea would nuke us because of trump yet he is about to do something no other president has been able to,do in the 65 years since the Korean war. Damn it, the bellicose president has screwed up
Bravo!!
Completely agree with and these wars. Not sure about pompeo.
You can always claim to be the moral superior when you live in a fairly tale.

For how many years were the Democrats in power during this war?
The nature that brought North Korea to the peace table? Why don’t you ever talk about the amazing job @realDonaldTrump has done in Korea??  Because you are a lying old dust ball that’s why. #MAGA.
Where do these nuts come from?
@sensanders you must have missed the news about NK & SK yesterday.

There no climate crises you libetard.
Did Obama bring people together?
Has Senator Sanders or any of the Berniacs watched the evening news and seen what the “bellicose” President and new SoS Pompeo helped accomplish today in the DMZ? Talk about bringing nations together!
Like North and South Korea?
Bernie you are wearing me out. How many times have I told you you need help. What’s Trump up to in Korea if not seeking peace?
Thank you.
And yet trump takes credit for the Korea’s coming together. Pompeo helped. You voted against your own country
Like Trump bringing North Korea and South Korea.
Why ? Trump style working well with China and North Korea.  Kinda working in Syria.
Ikkikijkikijiihuzibkzjjcibonjibzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzcjjijijbjjijjiijiijjibijijibbikvin
You vote against everything that's good for the country
Well said...but there is no reining in the chaos till 2019 Dem Congress
Can’t get
This tweet didn't age well. Somehow, I doubt you'll congratulate Trump for this.
After 8 years of Obama’s who didn’t bring nations together in fact segregated the U S. We love our pressident just the way he is!!!!!
I totally agree. All of his appointments have been the antithesis of who should be in place. People are tired of war. Only those who profit from it want it.
Thank you
Hey Bernie,  tell your Commicrats to stop going on mass shooting sprees. The Commicrat Party is a greater threat to national security than ISIS.
What we don't need are Marxist Commicrats highjacking the Democratic party,  100+ million people have died under the banner and guise of Democratic Socialism. To paraphrase Margaret Thatcher, " The problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people's money "
Clarity
Meanwhile NK and SK shake hands  quit spreading fake news old man lol
Thank you so much for representing we the people. That man, and the whole administration scare the hell out of me.
Correct me if I'm wrong but aren't YOU part of the process that GOT us 15yrs of war ?  ..time to hang up the maple tap Bernie ..you are not helping this country , you & your cronies are crippling it ..
I agree, Trump is hellion on steroids.
As well as his cronies he surrounds himself with. We don’t need war mongers running this country
And we need Senators with a brain and the Democrats don't seem to have one put them all together and it doesn't equal a pile of s***
You lost.. Again! You just don't get it.. Do you? This is America! We are not a welfare country! Nobody agreed with you..
After 15 years in Afghanistan and you loony in power for the last 15 years nothing was done or got changed. Thank you you marksist
You have my support mister senator
pompeo is already kissing ass   know what you say
Like North Korea?
Too bad he still got confirmed

These people are not supposed to keep a president in check, they are supposed to supposed to  advise and help run the country.  When did we ever have anyone in office to keep a president in check.
Thanks for ending the N Korean War mister Sanders.
Gee.... and I suppose the signing of a Korean Peace Treaty is war mongering in your eyes. How's Venezuela doing you blind mole! Always a Step Behind, Always Wrong....Bernie 2020 
Never ending wars are air, water and food for the USA. So, be realistic please.
Don't worry Sen Sanders.  According to Pompeo the Rapture is overdue, Jesus is going to sweep in, and clean up all the mess.  I also have some swamp land you can purchase as a solid investment opportunity.
Feel the Bern
Diplomatic efforts have not worked.  I support Prez Trump
Have you been sleeping again old man. You slept thru all thats goin on in the world with Nort Korea .  Trump is not a wimp like Obama was.  Trump stood on his red line and defended it. Obama ran and hid behind a tree. He was all talk and no show. This is typical Democrat strategy
Pompeo was confirmed... so here’s how you should put it..  “today, as usual, i failed”
Thank you for always speaking out based on principle instead of convinience. The world needs more people like you, especially right now.
We need someone like Pompeo who will lead with strength not some wimp who will be easily swayed like Obama. I am tired of weak, kiss ass wimps who do nothing but encourage foreign leaders to walk all over us.
All John Kerry did was to be weak, and between him and Obama, where did that get us? Obama gave $150 billion of our tax money for Iran to support more terrorism, and further their missile program.
You vote against anyone the republicans want
Keep fighting for us Bernie much respect  for you run in 2020
What happen to your voice with Obama’s 8 yrs. socialist Dems hypocrisy- Sad.
Nailed it
I would hit those countries with 1000s of bombshells everyday until that place was a glass bowl.
Yes! Who wants war? For the world to remain in one piece we need world peace  war is so hopeless; destructive and debilitating- hope our world can someday get rid of ALL local conflicts and violence!

That's ok maybe Trump will give Cohen the Nobel Prize for spending Hush money to all Trump little secrets
So Fox and Freinds  had Trump on a rant and Fox and Freinds  were shown on other channels with animated smiling Faces while Trump is a Rant about he is about to be deposed by Mueller
Dear senator, it’s important someone who knows the facts of the world he can help the president to make good decisions. Pompeo is the man isn’t he ?
And that was why you voted for John Kerry right? you liberals can't just stop taking America backward.
You liberals with your weak ideology want to bring nations together and Russia and china developed a deadly weapon unchecked ahead of US.
Banny the world have changed take note.
Come on Bernie Sanders, you know that the status of a super power would diminish if they brought Nations together. That would mean peace and prosperity economically and militarily for other nations and this would mean losing control. Since 1945 name one President who has .
I don't think we will ever be able to have diplomatic negotiations with terrorists. That's why the war has drawn out so long.
you are the best.
That's true but do you think trumps naivete  or inexperience of geopolitics will perpetuate a war in that area.
!!!
I thought that's what he was doing in NK?
Instead of all of you in the White House acting like spoiled little brats, you all should try to get along and compromise. Democrats and Republicans are so alike it's not even funny. If you don't get your way, you whine about. Try for once to do something together.
Mike Pompeo served in the military. Instead of fighting against the very people who fought for our freedoms, including yours, you should help them and welcome them in the White House. Unlike you, he served our country.
Precisely
Yea just like South and North Korea is talking now because we have a President that's not scared like OBAMA
You on the left are drowning in your own lies
“Bring people together in diplomatic efforts”. Are you talking about the Koreas meeting with Trump?  Cool.
Yo Bernie, turn on the TV. Trump is bringing north and South Korea together. Obama couldn’t do that and had American in Afghanistan for every year he was in office.
Bot!!
Bot?  That’s your response. Typical ignorant response. Naw. I’m not a bot. You know that’s not a word
Your a moron
What we need is a Secretay of state and DOJ  who will look into the crooked dealings of Clinton, they must have paid you a lot of $$$$ to continue acting stupid.
Thank you
Trump was against the Iraq War...
Bernie please stick your head back into the sand you look more intelligent that way
Lets be honest here Sanders. You voted against Pompeo because you are just a senile old left-wing dufus. Go ahead, you can admit it here.
I thought Hillary Clinton had been there and done that...so why isn't Bernie putting forward name(s) of candidates he would support, because he's waiting for Trump's next nominee so he can vote against them too
Yeah where was the #TheResistance at on this one?! SMH
Yeah where was "the resistance" at with this one?
Excuses for your obstruction resistance against America.
Wait, and who would that be ?
