Why did you do this
Star Stuff, I have to challenge you one this. What did Bernie say in his tweet that wasn't true? He is a compassionate person. It would be extremely out of character for him not to respond as he did, frankly.
It would be out of character for him to not give well wishes to a family of war criminals, but that's sort of why Bernie is still just as deserving of the guillotine as the rest of Washington.
She's guilty of her Husbands crimes? how progressive
She continually supported him while he committed them, so, yes. She didn't commit them, but she stayed with him through them. She made appearances and acted as spokeswoman and gave tours and so on.
I wouldn't spare tears for Eva Braun, either.
Then I don't know what to say, if that's the sort of person you want to be then that's just sad. Nobody is responsible for the actions of somebody else unless they've personally pushed them to do it.

Her sticking by a family she loves, isn't a crime. Emotions are complicated
If she loves monsters it's because she's a monster. Also, it's her own actions that are being condemned. Supporting her husband is a horrible action in and of itself.
Reality is and this is the scariest thing about "monsters" and "evil people" is that they're not always evil. In fact with your Eva Braun example, have you actually ever seen a video of them interacting? It's chilling to the bone just how.. normal Hitler was.
Bernie please...no. Love you but c'mon.
Wow.....what a not nice, intolerant Leftist. Wow!
As a self described tolerant leftist with libertarian leanings on some issues. Please do not lump the intolerant few in with the 97% of us who ARE tolerant. 

Rest in Peace Barbara Bush, good show mam. 

#politics #FreeSpeech #love
tolerance like this?
Dude....she is dead, I did not agree with her, but, she was someones mother, grandmother, great grandmother and maybe...just maybe she did a few things(maybe just one) that may have helped some people. 

So keep dancing on graves and feeling vitriolic all the time, its OK by us
Those Iraqi children had grandmothers too, bud.
When I am in Hell I will be sure to remind her of her husbands mistakes. Have a great night!

you dont gotta hand it to em
You officially lost me with that message.
Then you weren't worth keeping in the first place, have some decency to separate the politics. Bernie Sanders having compassion is EXACTLY what you guys should love about him in the first place.
I hate it when people use fad terms like "SJW" and "triggered", I find it both coarse and ignorant.

But man these fucking SJWs are triggered!!

Bernie being decent isn't a reason to end the revolution. #toughenup
#ChangeTheRules #politics
Oh I hate it also, this is just vile.
They’re never gonna be your friend dude. C’mon.
i actually feel bad for him that he feels he can't do just that - i interact with people in their 70s who say whatever rude shit they want and they seem to really enjoy it
It’s not needed to dance on her grave, she wasn’t the one designing the policies. Regardless, it’s better to be gracious then to be boorish.
You could also just ... not comment?
Good Lord, look at his statement. He HAS TO say something. WTF were you expecting?
No he doesn't
Right, that’s the bottom line. I’d much prefer he’d have commented on Carl Kasell’s death than on Barbara Bush’s.
There are politics. There is a time and a place. What were you expecting? Bernie Sanders “ Barbara Bush is the now deceased wife of a man responsible for the death of thousands, my condolences”?
These people wonder why their candidates like Bernie lose, when they push them over the edge to extremely unpopular positions. Then they get mad when he does something totally normal
The extremely unpopular position of not offering condolences to fascists
I don’t think you know what that word means. Barbara Bush apparently was an evil dictator at some point I guess 
cmon
Bernie you’re my guy but sometimes it’s ok  not to post
*dana carvey doing GW1 voice* bean to barb
she sucked hard, dude
You’re sick, get help
Actually she was a monster, married to a monster, and raised monsters. So if the traditional notion of Hell is a thing that exists, she's there, burning.
Holy fuck calm down. y’all lgbt people act all innocent and fucking bash people whenever you get the chance.
Have you no human decency? You expect the utmost respect from society yet you don’t even care. And people still wonder why LGBT people are still treated unfairly. It’s people like you. You can’t beg for respect and treat others with none.
Human decency is understanding that politicians are, by and large, all monsters and murderers, and that by supporting them personally [such as a First Lady does] one bloodies their own hands. The rich and powerful are ghouls, and deserve no praise for their crimes.
Also i think you just described communism, which is, if i remember right, the whole damn thing america is against.
Actually Communism is making a comeback, thanks in no small part to people moving to the Left of Sanders. And, no, nothing I described was even remotely like communism.
Hey folks of the Left....some of your comments are AWESOME! And some...really are promoting the stereotype of the INTOLERANT LEFTIST. Plz don't, not tonight.  (btw...I used to be mad Left! Now I'm moderate right, but that may change...).
Who tf cares. She was a trash person.
Barbara was a war criminal????????
dad no
She was a human being beyond politics. Regardless of her husband, she did extraordinary work!
Epic politics, my guy
He didn't write this. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I would be pissed if I found out someone said this about Barbara bush on my feed.
"On my feed?!"
rethink this

protip: if you arent the kind of dirtbag to make jokes when crappy ppl die, you can just go "hey RIP to ____ who passed away." theres no legal requirement to heap unearned praise on public figures
I would argue that’s what this is. Doesn’t even say *he* would remember her that way.
it pretty much is but ppl really need to learn they're allowed to keep it short & unsentimental.
Dying is the best PR move EVER.....
#BarbaraBush on #HurricaneKatrina victims: “And so many of the people in the [#Houston Astrodome] here, you know, were underprivileged anyway, so this is working very well for them.”
Opinions influenced by personal politics, separate the politics for just a second. This was simply respecting somebody whose past away. We should never celebrate the death of anybody.
It's nothing but a quote from the deceased until other aspects have been projected onto it.
Yeah, conservative suck on social policy. America STILL sucks on social policy. I wouldn't though go "well good thing he/she is dead"
It's nothing but a quote from the deceased until other aspects have been projected onto it.
lmfao
no
Kind of like your mother
of course the maga chud would be an abusive parent
also do you even know what Liberalism means
Yea, it means you should seek professional help
do you think a socialist can be a liberal?
also, the racism
Based on what.
a single Google search reveals a lot of racist shit she’s said soooo you do that work
Just, cite it for the lazy pos we all are
She was a horrible person and so are you
I m rather sick of false praises to women as "strong" (whatever does that mean? As opposed to what or whom?) and "independent minded", as if that's some kind of title of distinction because the norm for women is to be mindless drones.
B. Bush was ofc deeply unpopular besides.
Weird that in such a "feminist" country no one smells male paternalism at its most blatant.
Lol tbh idk what Leftists are doing getting mad at Bernie for this tweet. 

OH YEAH BRO Bernie was totally going to come on twitter and say “fuck Barbara her and her family should be tried for war crimes” as if that would work politically.
They just wished he said nothing, because god forbid the politics gets put aside for a minute so we can show some humanity when it comes to somebody passing away.
Remember when #BarbaraBush said Hurricane Katrina's victims were "underprivileged anyway, so this is working very well  for them."
I do. And also remember Bernie recognizing someone’s humanity and showing compassion where she didn’t. Oh yeah, it was the tweet you responded to.
COME ON!!!
bro
"You're". Learn English.
Your dum
It's spelled "you're dumb" genius. Learn English.
No, your dume
she was a racist, dude
Based on what?
the racism
Can you give me an example?
You know, Bernie, it’s really okay just not to say anything at all.
There's an expected decorum from elected officials when Presidential family passes, even if they don't deserve it. Barbara Bush raised a warmongering President & a vote-suppressing regressive governor. She also thought the Iraq War was irrelevant & not worth her "beautiful mind."
War criminal family deserves nothing but shame and indignance, Bernie.
Faithful wife, of a war criminal Cia head/son of a Nazi profiteer.
Thank you for showing respect and class, Bernie, even towards political opponents, at this time of loss.

There is a time to show hate and vitriol towards the opposition.  This is not it.  She deserves her respect.
No she doesn't
RIP Barbara Bush.  Sad face.
People saying, “C’mon Bernie! Why’d you post this?” Please, he’s just giving his condolences. You don’t have to have the same political ideologies to have sympathy for the death of a family member.
This. She's still a person. Whether a person is right or wrong in life isn't for us to judge. Like seriously what happened to human decency? One doesn't have to only have sympathy for people they care about. What kind of world will that be?
K
She will also be remembered for having a son who is a war criminal and a mass murderer. Thoughts and prayers
No he wasn't
No one should find Bernie comment troubling. It’s honestly the most accurate R.I.P comments of Barbra I have seen yet.
I feel similarly- restrained, sober, accurate and diplomatic.
Bernie....
No
no
Class act as always Bernie.
Condolences to the Bush Family.
Not by me, unfortunately.
Please find your spine Bernie, you've gone too long without it
I hate spineless compassion.
I hate showing compassion to a horrid person
Bernie finds humanity in people of all stripes. Maybe that’s why he’s successful at bringing people together. I’d rather a person lead with compassion than bitterness and spite. It doesn’t change his worldview to do so.
I think the spite would be justified, since Barbara said she didn't care about dead Iraqis, a war Bernie opposed. In fact criticizing her would be more in line with his worldview. Personally I'd be happy if he just said nothing. But I don't expect politicians to have convictions
You’re conflating compassion with lack of conviction. Again, his worldview hasn’t changed. Spite may be justified, but that’s irrelevant. Why is it so hard to choose love even in the face of hate? If it’s a choice to be right or be kind, choose kind. You’d shame MLKjr, I suppose
Why is it so important to show compassion to a horrible person though? Why is that when they die you have to be respectful and disregard the horrid shit they did? Showing respect to someone who did what you claim to stand against is a lack of conviction. Monsters get no sympathy
That’s not logically sound. Because you show compassion doesn’t mean you disregard anything.
Dude, go away.
Dude, get a life. you're pathetic.
no
Sanders is possibly the most awesome political normie in the world, but he’s still a normie who believes in courtesy over survival and all that crap.

As I recall, she was nasty to all her daughter-in-laws. And she would regularly lie about her weight and dress size. We all have to go sometime.
Oh, you knew her? Or just wish you could.
Well said, Bernie.
<<<<Should Bernie acknowledge the number of innocent deaths the Bush family caused?>>>>
No, for starts how did somebody like Barbara Bush contribute to those deaths OTHER than simply being married to somebody?
Thanks you Barbara Bush for taking the time to read to my daughter when she was a student at Martin Luther King 'school.Sher

Classy as always, Bernie. You don't have to agree with everything a person said or did to pay respect to them for their conviction and ideals.
I’m wagging my finger at this.
Confirmed Bernie only likes Simpson seasons 2-10
That message is kind of you!
Hi Bernie! How have you been?
delete this nephew
Delete yourself, goofball.
We may be divided sometimes by Party but United always with love for our fellow neighbor!  My heart and prayers go out to the Bush family in your time of loss.  To be absent from the body is to be present with Christ......  Rest In Peace First Lady Barbara Bush
Your compassion is so much a part of why I admire you, Senator.
She was shit Bernie.

Delete this.
I LOVE TOLERANT LEFTISTS. :)
Im sorry. I don't believe in honoring nasty people like Barbara Bush just because they'd died. We're all going to die. Doesn't excuse her nastiness.

I've no respect for Mrs. Bush just because she died. Good riddance.
Much respect. She was a great lady.
Glad this Bush is dead. The sooner these oligarchs die, the better for the future of our Country. Bush, Chaney, Clinton, Koch, etc. good riddance.
You spelled Cheney wrong
Sure did.
You know you could just like, not even say anything at all dude
Barbara Bush died after a piano fell on her head and replaced her teeth with piano keys as tweety birds flew in a circle above her head
Grow up.
"Jane and I send our condolences to the Bush family."  There. I fixed it for you.
I can’t believe all these people giving Bernie s—t just for giving his condolences to the Bush family. Civility isn’t dead yet but seems to be on life support.
Well said Sen Sanders. She may have had different political views, but the Bush family has lost a mother, wife, sister and a friend whom they have held dearly. By showing respect and condolences to people regardless of personal agendas just shows how much integrity someone has.

former MSNBC host Ed Schultz talks about how he was ordered not to cover Bernie Sanders' announcement that he was going to run for President, even though all the preparations for it had already been made, and that…
For me she will be remembered as an entitled racist who had no empathy for flood victims after Katrina


No

Goddamn it, dad
She should be remembered as a member of an awful family and that we are better off without her
No, Bernie. You didn't have to say this.
I'm glad she's dead, a truly awful person.
Bernie no
damn cmon bernie
no bernard
Bernie...
nooooooooo why
Nah
Hard to argue with literacy, as a First Lady focus. I certainly approve of it.
BERNIE NOOOOOOOOOOOO
Lmao that would’ve been seen as a sarcastic thing but I would’ve loved it
It's stunning. She was a human being. She held some ideas that I think are horrible, but she was a complex, amazing, human soul, just like all souls. And now her life is over. Her family is grieving. Have some class people. Hold yourself to a higher standard.
Well, buddy, I hope that works out for ya.
People who have a "set" don't talk ill of the recently departed. Think about these things before you say something: is it true, is it kind, is it necessary. If it's not all those things, people with a "set" keep their mouths shut.
who cares if she died? she's a horrible person and the world is better without her in it
I like you Bernie, why do you have to be a Socialist?
Bernie's only a socialist if you don't know the works of Jefferson.  Distinctly American thinking.  Reminds me of Eisenhower sometimes.
He literally described himself as a Democrat Socialist.
People say all kinds of things in politics.  You gotta study the pattern of their actions.  He is not so different from Jefferson or Eisenhower.  Names change, patterns are what matter.
Hopefully Jane will be the next First Lady.
Hahahahaha
Go away Trumpanzee troll.
Bernard..... no
I can't stand Joe Biden. When his son died I felt sympathy for a father that had lost a son.  You people are the shining examples of why the left  is mocked by real Americans.
I agree completely. Except I do like Biden. These comments on this thread make me sad. Saying all these horrible things about this woman on the day of her death is pathetic.
#BarbaraBush should be remembered for doing nothing to publicly combat neither her husband's nor son's assault on abortion rights, even though she, privately, thought that the decision should be left up to a woman and her doctor, but uh huh honey
You didn't have to do this
He never has to show compassion, but for some reason, he does. What an asshole.
Assata Shakur is still alive and free.
what the fuck bernie
You're a class act sir. I'd never hesitate to pull the lever in your favor. I'm just a tad more Darwinistic on these matters than you. From my perspective, one less Bush is an incremental form of deliverance. I look forward to a Bush-free world.

Just say nothing, Jesus Christ
bernie my guy please don't do this
Bad take, horrible take
Ahem
oh please
Cmon, man, she was trash. You’re better than this.
Bernie, I disagree with your politics but you are a class act. Kudos.
delete this
Take your own advice.
never
I feel sorry for your mother.
she's still alive, unlike Babs, who, thankfully, is rotting
Then I feel even more sorry for her.
how's your colon?
All males ought to take notes from Bernie on how to be a real man.
"Why should we hear about body bags and deaths? It’s not relevant. So why should I waste my beautiful mind on something like that?" -Barbara Bush

Barbara Bush is a racist who put a racial covenant on her house in Houston, supported her racist husband, supported her racist son and colluded with  war criminals (her husband and son).
The Beloved former First Lady Barbara Busch will be greatly missed . Such a wonder big hearted woman who was so devoted to her family .  Very sad moment in time .
Bernie a lib
Finally a tweet worth reading from the berning sensation.
If their address was 'Cell block F, The Hague" I might consider sending them hate mail with a stink bomb bobby trap.
"Why should we hear about body bags and deaths? I mean it's not relevant. So why should I waste my beautiful mind on something like that?" Barbara Bush 2003
If you can't say anything true, best not to say anything at all.
Goddamnit Bernie. No.
Uh oh no bueno. Your words go beyond what's necessary for you to say which is worrying. It's great to be sympathetic though. Hopefully they didn't turn you into a robot satanist illuminati puppet clone Bernie and keep with the positive message! 
Sad she is gone. Condolences to the family
You are such a sweetie!  Long life and success to you Bernie Sanders!  If we had a real democracy, you would be president.
Bernard.

No she won’t.
I can appreciate what you said and why you said it, @SenSanders, but from where I sit the Bushes are all a family of no-good War Criminals…

…And that’s an end to it.
Look, Bernie, I agree with you so often... But no she won't. Or at least she shouldn't be.
no
dude

Nah
Wait, you're supposed to be the socialist?!?! 
Saying, "Barbara Bush will be remembered as..." is not the same as saying, "Barbara Bush was..." or, "I will remember Barbara Bush as..."  Nicely parsed, Senator.
Ya I guess he had to do it. Possible to say nothing though
Acknowledging the death of a First Lady is something a Senator has to do imo. He made the best of it.
Trash
you don’t have to do this, my guy.
you don't have to

Your ability to squander all goodwill remains unparalleled and unmatched
It is unbelievable how AGAINST THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE the @DNC , @dccc, corporate media and corporate democrats are against @SenSanders, and JUST FOR $$$. 
Big money "donations" MUST be REMOVED from politics, ITS A CORRUPT SYSTEM!
Classy Bernie and Jane
She has deposited her last egg sack.
rethink this sweetie
Aliester Crowley's daughter does not deserve tears front the American public! She is a war criminal just like her husband and her husband's son. Disgusting people.
awkward
Commy
Don’t run in 2020
Run again Bern!
Rip Mrs. Coppafeel
The Dodgers traded Glenn Burke because he was fucking Tommy Lasorda Jr.
No she won’t.
No, you won't get a life. We know. It's pathetic.
Rest in peace prayers to family
i dont support families of new world order. she was a part of that making lives miserable
I was not a fan of hers but c'mon people - the woman passed away. For one day can't everyone show as much class as the Sanders' and honor her?
For Christ sake stop honoring the family that did 2 gulf wars . You would have been crucified had you posted something like this in 2003 , seriously the nuts and bolts have come off.
Bernie you're cool and all, but this tweet is definitely not cool. I get if you wanted to send condolences with a public statement, but you don't need to lay on the praise for someone who didn't deserve it 
Silence is always an option, Bernie. 

This is a global platform, with millions of much needed allies that her husband and son are in large part responsible for killing the families and futures of.
Barbara Bush should be most remembered as an enabler of massive war criminals. Bernie is an establishment sop thrown out there as a diversion to short circuit a revolution and contain would-be radicals
Reading through these tweets...seriously, what has happened to simple decency in this country.  Everything isn't political folks.  It's ok to respect people with different ideas, especially when a loved one passes.  Show some empathy or keep the hate to yourself...geez.
Why? She’s literally the 1%
Gross. Hopefully her "beautiful mind" is re-living all of those dead soldiers in body bags deaths over and over for eternity. Sick family. 9/11
I free-lance OpEd's  from BOTH sides of aisle. I'd like to use some of these tweets (both nice and mean) in next article to show, in general, current Leftists seem rather heartless, intolerant, millennial-ish, shallow. Just read 'em! Note: some tweets were kind and decent. Thanx!
This is the extreme left. Most of us “moderates” do not think like this ....which is most of the party. Same exact thing on the other side. I’d give a nut to have them back in the WH over the puke that’s in there now. He’s neither. He’s truly dangerous.
I think there's more nutty Leftists then nutty Rightists. I hear your point. Plz hear mine. Trump might bring peace to the Korean Peninsula. He could get the Nobel Peace Prize...maybe...meybe, while still being soooo racist and xeno, and Islamo and homo, and trans and ant-Simetic
Her husband, George, must be totally devastated. My heart goes out to him.
bernie no
one nazi to another
Hydro shop hey bro whats up hope you are good
Hi
No Bernie No 
I will remember her as the racist old lady who unleashed a war deserter cocaine head on us for 8 years
Well Said Senator.

pls delete
You can't "rebuild" anything by taking money from people. Period.
#Sellout. Bernie you're a damn sellout. Grow some freaking testicles! Or are you part of #pizzagate too
How many drug war victims did the Bush presidents pardon or commute? No sympathy for them here. Their victims die in jail or wars or both.
Gross.

Why? she raised a literal Hitler!?
Shut up Bernie u have no idea everything is just words to u
Oh bull goddamn SHIT.
Well done, and well said. In character.  About the same thing I'd say when Town Tax Collector dies.


I dont think the fake “president” Trump has sent his condolences.
Nah, good riddance
Amen
I do agree with Senator Sanders
Well said, Bernie.

We can be respectful, this isn’t going to be a beloved family but they did some good... regardless let’s wait before we dance on the grave.
Also I agree, she loved her family and was a warm lady to all who met her. That’s worth something if not much.
Nothing like bernie
Wait a minute, just a few days ago Hillary the Greatless One just said all women only vote as their man tells them to. So how can Mrs Bush be independent minded..you need to get that propaganda mill working a little better there my little socialist friend..
b a d
