A dishonorable bill and a disgrace to all the families battling drug addiction u should be ashamed!
Well @Volman18 considering that weed is the least addictive I do not believe your statement is true. Now if you are talking about dependence it is a different case, but large amounts of research say that alcohol/cocaine/heroine, & even caffeine are far more addictive
And don’t forget nicotine!
Great point. The world would be a better place without that to. It kills people too! Thanks for the smart comment!
Let’s here your arguments, even tho I know you are wrong about weed killing people, of why you said if kills people. Do you know how many joints in a night it takes to overdose on THC?? Or are you just    going to say if kills people
Go smoke ur weed. I am not going to argue with a weed head.
Well as I have said before, I 1) don’t smoke, 2) am a conservative that thinks if people smoke it, it is fine and 3) am going into the medical field and can tell you that there is plenty of research out there that will show you it is not causing the harm you believe it is
To be fair, Booker probably needs the weed. He's an uptight & angry person.

Lol. @CoryBooker I thought all that big pharma money was 'paused.'
Well, it was passed by racist FDR and the Democrats.
yall smoking dope!?
Seems suspect in regards to this bill and schumers to come, none of these actions were even considered when they had power, now seems more like a ploy to get votes becuz they know the Republicans will Just Say No
Exactly, yet there’s gonna be those that swallow the bait...
Senator Sanders do you think it is a good idea to make marijuana easier to obtain? This is adding a mind altering and brain cell killing drug for recreation, with alcohol that kills many innocent people daily.
A simple online search for "does marijuana kill brain cells", like I just did before replying, shows that marijuana does not kill brain cells, and any cognitive impairment that may result from chronic use reverses itself after 28 days of non-use.
Yes , you can find out that Elvis is still alive also! Try the New England Medical Journal this past year alone and you can find clear research that verifies cellular death from the chronic use of marijuana.
Could you post the study please?  I just read through nejm, nih, various other .gov sites on the effects of chronic use.  Couldn't find anything on killing brain cells.  Did find that it reduces neural connectivity, which reverses after they stop using.
There was a study from Great Britain that showed after 20 plus years of daily use there was a significant group with early brain cell death, I will try to find the study. Smoking Marijuana was the only type of study done. John Hopkins is in the process of studying edibles.
Cool.  Thanks.  If you remember the title, I will just look it up.
Dummycrats looking for more votes, getting ppl who are high to vote, easy manipulation
Liar crook Booker takes $$$ from big Pharma lobby & votes against cheaper medicine
Smoke it up Cory.  What a moral slouch you are.
Too bad you didnt join his...
So what you’re saying is that people of color or who have low income are smoking or selling more than their share of weed? And we should make that ok? Damn.
booker is insane. Anybody who would sit next to him and agree with anything he has to say is mental.  Time to retire bernie. Heck you couldn't beat hillary.
Hmm.  You're talking about marijuana now.  Usually your fav irate topic is racism.  And you make stuff up.  Please sit down and be quiet.
It’s medicine #CBDoil
Sanders/Booker '20                                  #FeeltheBern

Wow poor people and people of color can some how find the money to pay a premium for drugs and not food? Is that what you’re saying? Are they on welfare? Tell us what you really mean.
Thank you for your opinion, it’s yours and you have that right.
Pot heads are easier to control. Do you want to be under the thumb of government.  I don't.
Lol
All people with addiction issues are in the same boat. Legalization only provides them with something better to do.
Cannabis is hardly addictive. I used it for 20 years, had a child and stopped no problem.
No all people have addictive personalities.The ACE study shows that. I know, it isn't like other drugs, but I am unable to confirm that it isn't addictive for some subset of people.
I definately have addictive problems with nicotine
I vape a lot.
Stop bouncing all over the map Sanders.  There's only one issue that unites and infuriates all Americans and which, if you can fix it, will solve all others and that is campaign finance reform.  Crack that nut and you go up on Mt. Rushmore.  Fix that and everything else is easy.
@SenSanders 
How about importing affordable prescription drugs from Canada?
About time! When Democrats win the majority next time around, I don't wanna hear any establishment excuses that "we didn't have the votes" or something. It's easy to introduce bills when you're minority. It's somehow harder when you're not.
Always the race card with you, Sen. Booker.
Giving the poor and people of color marijuana is the last thing they need. They need to be paid a living wage,benefits and have job security and a normal work schedule so they can be a part of the American Dream.
now if you could only join senator Sanders to abolish corporate money in politic would be fantastic but, would you do it or you like corporate money?
Stop calling it marijuana. Call it what it is, cannabis.
What about failed Liberal policies first
Your parents worked hard to give you as good a life as they could manage. What’s wrong with people doing the same as your oarents? Entitlement is not the answer!!
They cant quit dope so just make it legal to be a dopehead...swanp gramps roll you one
You should know better than to use the term people of color 
Is he also an anti-Christiam bigot like YOU?  YOU need to resign.
An injustice against one is an injustice against us all...
How many more people has to be harmed by this technology do you even care we know trump doesn't care about people look at how he treats women and people of color im tired of how people think one race is better than another we haven't learned any thing from the past
This handler has threaten my life for telling what he told me but that hasn't stopped me because I think the people should know what's going to effect them one day very soon if something isn't done about this and you claiming to be for the people isn't true if you ignore this
They didn't do enough to keep it from coming back this nsa handler says they are above the law of this land is that true you senators are to afraid to expose another agency when they are breaking the law entering people heads with out any consent from the victim that's wrong
And I think that will happen people are tired and it's about time 2020 things will be different remember we the people and when we speak you should listen the good old boy time is over and covering for each other not doing your job the senators in 1977 shut down mind control but
To get voted we can't have another trump at all not even a little bit you talk but I haven't seen any thing you have do you have a nsa handler that admits they have killed people using mind control technology what else do you need all you senators need to be replaced nextelection
Our Government better help out on mandatory drug testing with ALL Businesses then! Especially when my Burleigh Building Method starts/getting the $19 product making Businesses back from China and other Countries. @washingtonpost @StephenAtHome @timkaine @PattyMurray @SenWarren
This because before long it will be in the open any way and then what you jump on the band wagon and say you didn't know like you always do you never tackle stuff that matter Mr Sanders but you say you are for the people of should we say for some of the people can't prefer just
You want to become president then be a hero for the people and expose this mind control program before more are killed by this technology and the sick handlers that run it there own family's are effected and they still do it what does that say about them you can't keep ignoring
That's a good idea but why don't you talk about the nsa mind control program you know it exist plus there's a nsa handler that say he operate the program for the nsa they have caused so much harm to people of all races you won't get what you want until you do&,that is being chief
You're not a liberal you're a Republican-lite.
@CoryBooker doesn't need your advice.
He can think circles around you, which is why he has aligned himself with @BernieSanders the most popular Senator in the country.
PS: the 2 party system is stupid.
Lol. Go kiss a frog asshole.
I spent 3 solid weeks arguing with pro-#2A gun nuts.
Based on your comments I'd say you're about as clueless as they are.
Rude, not funny and full of BS.
You don't have anything intelligent to say.
Run away.
#inequalitytownhall #CannabisCommunity @SenSanders @BernieSanders
Aren’t you special. Stop trolling me mfer.
You are horrible.  I guess you are prejudice against Christians & what they believe,  Again Obama said he was a Christian, he LIED BIG TIME!  He couldn’t enter s building that had an image of Jesus in it—someone had to go & cover the image so he could enter the room. How Horrible
Did you ever ask Obama who said he was a Christian why did he had a funeral stopped.  A woman asked a Minister to perform her husband funeral service & Obama said if the minister says God take the Minister out— 2 military men did! U come down on Pompeo Christian faith not Obama!
Y is this a good thing?? Are you trying to numb America down?
That's good. Now, do the same with sex work.
Have you seen what's happened in Colorado? This is all about government control and money!!
Wow, you really are trying hard to suck up to progressives, but we got your number. You are a corrupt corporate establishment Democrat who is beholden to your corporate donors.
Too bad you guys didn’t get on this weed loving tirade whilst you had 8 years of a POTUS who was known to love the high life. Jus sayin. 8 years - you could’ve had this done and done.
I bet you two corn hole each other nightly.
Golly, Cory, those are exactly the constituents who would have benefited from Sanders' amendment to allow  pharmacists to import identical, but much cheaper, prescription drugs  from Canada and other countries. So, why do you all of a sudden give a shit about them?
I will remember this come primary time @CoryBooker.  Don't back down, don't give them an inch...no mercy.  I'm not really a fan of yours, but this could change that. #DNC2020
Why don't you speak about the real reason so many of us colored folk smoke marijuana? Have you ever stepped foot in a ghetto?come talk to someone who has. I got plenty to say!
Thank you Cory Booker!

Are you and Cory planning on getting together and having hardcore man on man gay sex?
Such a waste of court dollars and investigative time of cops on pot charges when there are unsolved murder and robbery and abuse charges pending! And heavy duty drugs! Thank you!
Will pot heads stop being paranoid if there's nothing to be paranoid about?

@CoryBooker Does your new proposal include explusion of Marijuana charges from peoples records, or allow for the release - for all Marijuana related offenses - that people are still incarcerated for? Just ending the prohibition of marijuana isn't enough.
the republicans have the pharmaceutical companies in their pockets. that's why they continue to stigmatize marijuana , when it has been proven to have so many health benefits at a way cheaper price with no side effects . No money for the drug companies =none for the repubs..
As opposed to booker who receives more pharm money than most repub?  Gee, think about that.
Wonder how that's going to conflict with all the pharmaceutical industry contributions you accept. They can't be happy that you might hurt their opioid sales.
A well regulated cannabis industry will generate much needed tax revenue and will reduce illegal trade immensely. Please get this done!
glad to see you've reformed your neo-liberal ways..now will u return the donations youve taken from the banking industry?
He's hijacking the progressive brand, not to be trusted.
probably true
Oooh open it up for Phillips Morris to corner the market and let's give more people reas Institute to drive on the wrong side of the road. Now no quirks on medical use, that is sacred. But open recreational use, kill that. But opiods are worse and legal, focus you potheads.
A shameful cause. I feel so sorry for the families with children caught up in mind altering drugs like marijuana. This is pandering for the votes of weed smokers, nothing more.  #Soulless
I think you lack some knowledge about marijuana.  Please educate yourself Lol
Senator Sanders: I need more information:  Constitutional rights, states rights, medical marijuana to help people with seizures and pain, VS. unequal arrests, unknown impaired driving ability, unkown few whose intellect can get ruined by taking just marijuana.
The marijuana laws in this country are killing people.

Yeah we don’t have enough problems with drugs and alcohol let’s throw more in the mix couple of real geniuses anything for votes
All people who use drugs are using it for the same purpose. Legalization provides opioid abusers and alcoholics with something better to do.
Why would you want to live a non reality life it’s a way to keep the masses down and under control
For many people it is not a choice. Check out the ACE study. 88k people die from alcohol use and zero from cannabis. Responsible adults will make the smart choice. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adverse_Childhood_Experiences_Study …
Legalize. Don't corporatize.
So now we are saying anti drug laws are discrimination? we failed as educators of the youth!
Your actions will only further negatively impact the poor and anyone else you heartlessly are okay with letting sedate themselves.
His actions provides aditics with something better to do than opioids and alcohol.
Marijuana like other illegal intoxicants just doesn't get you prosecuted, Cory and Sanders fail to acknowledge their destruction of family, sound employment as well as other negative outcomes for minorities
We will always have people who misuse drugs. Legalization provides them with something better to do.
Good luck. I’m behind you.
And HEMP, Corey.  PLEASE don't forget hemp.  We can make biodegradable plastics and so many other products from hemp.
Appreciate you senators!
Booker supports legal pot (a good thing) but voted against cheaper drugs from Canada. They’re the same drugs sold in the US but cheaper because our public healthcare system negotiates fair prices with drug companies. All aboard the legal pot band wagon. Your legacy is fine Booker
Let’s just also make sure that if it fails to pass anywhere that we keep this bill in our sights as the 2018 midterms pass
How do we get our senators to sign on? I send emails to my senators and hardly get replies or they say they can't sign because this or that reason. Not quite sure what else to do. Guidance would be appreciated!
#VoteThemOut
The polls and voters say otherwise...

Cory 'BIg-PhRma' Booker can't run on working-class issues, he has to run on social issues like pot. Cory is a Clintonite, Blue Dog Elitist who sells out working class EVERY.SINGLE.TIME. Working ppl can't afford opportunistic pols like Cory. Cory...you don't HAVE a CHANCE in '20
LEGALIZE IT ALL !!!!!! The TAX $$$$ will be good and the criminals bringing across the border can do it legally ! Another good thing will be POPULATION CONTROL ! Overdoses will be Phenomenal !
Hey look anti-pot propaganda! Do you actually believe the stuff you type?
We still won’t vote for your bootleg Obama 0.5 self ... once bitten twice shy ... we ain’t fu ckin around with no mo sellouts ... maybe Booker + @NYGovCuomo can open a corporate shill lobbying firm together  #2020
Love you senator Booker. Too bad Rick Simpson’s cancer curing cannabis oil is not available or legal in this state, Texas.  Maybe I wouldn’t be sitting here right now while my husband has hideous poison flowing through his veins
Not only the fact it's the new prohibition. It's also new tax revenue
so, remove it from class-1 restricted drug category? last I checked it's not as addictive as cigarettes, or alcohol, though is widely used. Yes, we do not have a study of dilatory effects that may result from long term use but that's is true of many pharmaceuticals used legally..
Now Senator, this is something you can keep yourself busy with. Hope they vote for you when they're high and feeling good.

Regulate MJ and tax it like cigarettes and the deficit will be got in 5 years!
Gone in 5 years.
A pic of two pot heads that have fired their brains.
At least someone is doing something about the drug war.
I legalized that in Vermont 
That is so much not the point it is a billionare/trillionare business w 2 added Gov benefits:
1-Disadvantaged populations wont fight for an improvement in their lives(blocks "mobility" brain receptor)& high co$t terminal patients will stop expenses
2-Won't be mixed w "BathSalts"
Friendly reminder that you are and will never be as progressive as Senator Sanders. We haven't forgotten your past. We haven't forgotten your disregard for our health in favor of corporate donors
You start out with such a good point and then have to drag out the tired old talking points of "disproportionately impacting poor people and blacks."

Support this because it's FREEDOM, leave the class warfare and racism out of it, please.
Thanks you 4-20
Yeah...we can make a boatload of $$$ on marijuana. ...as soon as we can figure out how to make a boatload of $$$ on opioids, that epidemic will disappear, too.
It is not always about the money. Watch The Culture High documentary. It is on Amazon Prime.
@SenBooker it was a pleasure to watch. I hope cannibus prohibition ends. Tell me how to get involved in Virginia.
Are you saying low icome and people of color use illegal drugs? Why don't you advocate making all recreational drugs legal?
Pot or PIlls....its truly a choice Pot, Pills, Religion and DBT - Living with Borderline Personality Disorder https://myjourneywithbpd.weebly.com/1/post/2018/04/pot-pills-religion-and-dbt.html …  #Pot #pills #Religion #DBT #BPD
And before this can we have an honest discussion about the terrible impact SESTA/FOSTA is having
@SenBooker @CoryBooker Thank you for being able to see what is right. And, thank you for having the integrity and bravery to seeing this through for NJ residents. Job well started. Now finish it.
Following his support for the #EnvironmentalJusticeAct, last fall, it's nice to see @SenSanders continuing to follow @SenBooker on sound policy Booker's office has developed.
Honored @SenSanders joined my bill, the Marijuana Justice Act, to end the federal prohibition on marijuana.

It's time we reverse decades of failed drug policy…
#BernieSanders2020!
As someone who lives in both constant pain (which will worsen as I age) and fear of developing an opioid addiction (to the pain-killers I will eventually HAVE to start taking), I am wholeheartedly in favor of legal THC.
I never seen so much of people lives being saved ing marijuana. It can save the trouble, the stress, and the economy.
U guys should run for office
The so called drug war would've ended long ago if we had a border wall.
When will Bernie retire? Ugh.
Never

@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @WhiteHouse GOP should support legalizing marijuana BECAUSE Democrats will use this on state ballot initiatives to get out the vote. They used that tactic in 2006 with minimum wage hikes by state ballot initiatives.
Then if Mexico does it the whole of North America will be a green zone!!  
While you are at it how about reversing decades of failed entitlement spending!
two pot-head liars. 
Any time you are doing the same things as Bernie Sanders, the majority of the voters agree with you. Your party needs to realize that.
Love Bernie but I wouldn't trust Booker any further than I could pick him up and toss him. He's a phony.
totally
#BernieforPresident & #Bookerfor Vicepresident #FinallytwoDemocrats on the same page
You still aint getting our votes
Who's our .....and you get to vote for someone else? 

It's the lack of YOUR vote YOUR only guarantee.
The real Corey Booker does what his corporate masters want. This will not be an honest discussion get ready for platitudes and bullshit. Unlike Sanders he would sell you out in a second while giving you honeyed words.
Thanks for the reminder! #BERNIE2020
Don't be too honored. He was a Putin puppet paid to play spoiler on behalf of Trump.


Why else do you think he joined the Democratic party for about five seconds, then ran back to Independent as soon as the election was over?
Can you just fight for this without bringing the race element into it?!  How about fighting for it because it makes sense?!  You just turned a single issue into two issues by using identity politics.
It has a very racial component. Black people are considerably more likely to be arrested for possession than whites despite similar usage.
I get it BUT, it is two separate issues.  Black, white, brown, people are arrested for possession of a plant which is ludicrous.
"Black, white, brown, people are arrested for possession of a plant which is ludicrous." Couldn't agree more
#LegalizeIt So many benefits #LegalizeItToday #HealthForAll #marijuana #MedicalMarijuana  Thank you @SenSanders @CoryBooker 
#Bernie2020 #BayAreaForBernie
AUGUST 1ST WILL BE A YEAR!

I'm glad but, please, we only have a few more days to save #NetNeutrality
