Help us. We have no home. Second brain surgery in Two weeks. I'm afraid, please help us. Kay Anderson. Thank you
So true Bernie. I'm a widow, mom, foster mom striken with a stroke. From renting from a slumlord who's home was filled with biohazards. Inhaling toxic black mold, mildew caused my stroke. My kids and I are at the Jameson Inn Conyers Ga Dogwood Dr RM.127. please ask them to jelp
Think about if we audited politicians like you, all the taxpayers $$$ that we would find
We can lower that figure by enforcing the death penalty
Some thing absolutely shouldn’t be privatized. For-profit prisons get more revenue the more people they lock up and private militaries will lobby for every war, because when all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
Look ar this evil communist, trying to make people’s lives better and stuff...
Well all you have to do is go into the hood and get these thugs to put down the crack pipe and learn a job skill. Until that happens you are never going to empty the jails.
Well we spend 115 billion on illegal immigration yet you support that sooo...
Really? How about this....instead of forgiving criminals, take the 80 billion from funding illegals and invest that in citizens....maybe by paying down debt you clown!!
$80 billion isn't even close to enough for education or healthcare.
That’s all fine & good. But I’m really sick of u & ur friends’ “Not In My Backyard” syndrome. Let them out, just not around me.
HUH ??
Just like a Democrat... NO concern for the victims of crime.  Let just let all the murders out of jail,  let them vote Democrat and kill more victims.  Smart!
Maybe we could even decriminalize consensual sex work!
Border security would save billions  & help wages,jobs, schools, safety
So do it.
What's the matter you and your wife afraid they have rooms reserved for you
A Productive Immigration Policy would add taxpayers and decriminalize migration of people that has occurred for thousands of years...like birds & animals humans migrate. Imagine if Abraham, Moses, Mary & Joseph had to Apply for  VISA !!
Endorse Tim Canova.
Let's stop allowing people into our Country who NEED to be locked up.
Idiot
They deserve to be locked up. Why  are you such a socialist and you want to change the law?
Really? People deserve to be locked up for possession of a plant that slightly skews their state of mind for an hour? Do you have any sense in that enormous head of yours, or just blind titles and hatred.
For an HOUR??!!! YOU are a #DelusionalLoonyLiberal - The EFFECTS OF MARIJUANA LAST LONGER THAN AN HOUR.
But then what would  DeVos and her money hungry buddies do? In tandem... private prisons and schools only the “right” kids
Then you would have a lot of people under employed.  A lot of people work for the system. That's how they pay they bills by building prisons.
Or if we had the death penalty.
Think about what it would mean to the Democratic party if they separated themselves from you, if they are stupid enough to go into an election season with you we can expect some of the same thing you did to Hillary Clinton in 2016
OMG we need a great ,good candidate not
Sanders. Too.liberal.Biden bowed out.
Absolutely Anne, it's time that the Democrats put somebody up so we can get behind them and start to push
You spend $130 Billion on illegals every year while ignoring Americans! Just think how much that would help!
Before people get locked up they are given several chances to straighten up, if they go to jail it’s their own fault.
Or investing 80 billion on the same people you're locking up making the world a better place to live in.
That's an over simplified statement
If only we could get some of your  fellow associates locked up
Actually total cost of criminal justice system in the 100s of billions
We would be like california a real shit show. Why us it that democraps insist on letting felons out if hail..get bent
The United States incarcerates more people per capita than any other country on earth, including Russia. Difficult to be the 'land of the free' when we have the most people in prison. End the war on drugs, stop criminalizing the poor and abolish for-profit prisons. #Bernie2020
Hmm. But the other countries don't have legalised slavery for prison inmates, as is enshrined in the US constitution.
Shut up
That would be great but it's very unlikely it would help people who break the law. Put them in jail.
So that being the case want to explain your vote for FOSTA?
And what about the recidivists? Child's molester, rapists, killers, pedophiles? What do we do with those? What would you suggest if one of your kid  or close relatives gets kill or rape or torture or all of that together?
Zero out the war department and homeland insecurity.
$80 billion/yr teaching men to be gay. The social transformation has already arrived.
You're kidding right?
You really don’t know what’s going on in prison?
We need training facilities where x-cons are trained and pay for it through their new jobs
When you don’t lock up criminals, they continue to commit crime.  Yea, not that hard to imagine actually.  Anchorage is a great example of what happens when you try to skimp on incarnations... #MoreMurder #MoreRobbery #MoreCrime #Duh
#StillBerning
Can you explain why you violate the Loyalty Clause and the Supremacy Clause of the Constitution? Why do you insist on working outside the scope of the 10th Amendment? You violated your oath of office and deserve your due process but you need to go to jail right afterwards.
You speak of wasting money? What about the unconstitutional foreign aid? What about the Department of Defense giving sports teams over $53 million to stage patriotic events? What about the Pentagon wasting taxpayers dollars?
Why don't you worry about getting Donald Trump's people passed so we can get some things done.
Especially since Wells Fargo can pay a 1 billion dollar fine while regular folks do time, and forfeit homes. No rich corporate jail time. Pay and walk!
Think what it would be like if we didn’t have folks who broke the law. Ahhh,
We need more people to do that commit crimes but there are some people that can’t operation in Society. What happens to those people?
It's  all about education!
No. Sometimes it's all about mental illness. Read about psychopathic.
How about people stop breaking the law? Would that help? Who decides where to spend the $80 billion? The dysfunctional fed gov? You’re broke by $21 trillion...thank you.
#reversetaxcuts
Or we could buy an island to house only the most accomplished criminals.
First of all we need to define crime as acts harming society. Then sentence accordingly. Smoking a joint - not a crime. Letting Flint population drink lead-poisoned water - huge crime. President, who lies to the whole country daily, and diminishes America's standing in the world?
Prove to me the President lies. I don't like his tweets, don't care how many women's had.  Just continue running America as we asked.
I keep dreaming of the day when we have an impartial AI determining of exactly how much harm to society any given crime causes, and sentencing accordingly.
She didn't  do enough
Very true.  And in another direction, we also already have enough resources for everyone on the planet to live comfortably.  We just need to get these greedy sonabitch "leaders" out of the way and develop a new system of living i.e #basicincome and #venusproject
If people committed fewer crimes we could do that.
I don’t understand complaining about paying taxes to states and  in the same breath not wanting to see money spent on rehabilitation programs.  You’re paying to lock people up for petty crime in some cases.  Living in poverty with no one guide you is not for sissies.
We need government to find a balanced approach to providing services.  Right now, we see removal of important benefits/entitlements being considered to pay for other programs that cater to business and the military.  "We the People" should be held to be more important!
We can let them live with you on lake Champlain Feeble Old Man
Or taking money from DNC to remain quiet.
Why give it, why not earn it
And millions and millions of dollars on bombs. In the meantime there are children in the US whose only meal is what they get for school lunch.
Keep giving free lunch to kids.  I hear kids say everyday, not working just give me a check.
I know free lunch is far from perfect, but it's better than nothing...
It is better than nothing but over half is wasted.
We do need to keep free lunches for kids.  Food is a necessity.  But we too much free. Too many  rather have free everything.
@Tim_Canova Imagine if we not only invested in our people as #1 national priority including education, workforce training, but also protected our jobs from foreign expropriation thru sophisticated visa schemes like H-1b under the which India has stolen 892k jobs since 2001 alone?
And do what Bernie? Let the criminals rule? You are truly out of your mind!
U r a F ing idiot
Another Bernie brain fart  so I guess we should just let people run around free no matter what they do!
“Idealism” means that one does not understand the entire problem. Bernie is an idealist.
How much healthcare would that buy? How much good education, or lower tuition fees?
True
Seems people have become so desensitized to all with many other issues it gets lost in the shuffle. So very sad. Just like Parkland et al .. I’m afraid for the times being what they are. Not to mention, no one in WH that cares period.
He does care, I care we just know criminals can get guns illegally.  I don't hurt anyone but guns I will keep.
Hey @SenSanders , let’s eliminate all laws.  No laws = no punishments.  Then we wouldn’t have to lock anyone up = saving $$.  PS: don’t have anyone guard your three houses (esp w guns) when the criminals come to steal your stuff.  Great idea, huh??


So what do they do?
We need to focus on rehabilitation, not punishment.
No truer words were ever spoken!!We need o educate and treat addictions not punish people
Big waste of money! Provide help or they come out worse !Give medical assistance and psychiatric assistance except for capitol crimes!i
All the money in the world won’t change a thing- Requiring parents to take responsibility for their children will!
Think if the penalty for crime was higher we wouldn’t have repeat offenders
So , all $80 billion? Locking no one up? Or maybe 20% fewer people?  The comment illustrates a lack of connection with reality. But he is old.
There's no profit in that
Bernie’s theory is that crime should pay. Fortunately most people believe that it doesn’t. It would cost more in lives if criminals were left to run riot and more money to rectify the problem if there were no prisons.
In California it cost a year tuition at Harvard to house one prisoner in California
Solution? Education? Gun control? Real drug laws? More economic equality?
@MiraSorvino I wouldn't mind releasing inmates, if we can put them on buses and send them to liberal neighborhoods.
Yes you are right
How many of these criminals have to come out and kill someone before you stop trying to get more voters.
So im guessing with your socialist mentality, you think we should execute the Criminals to save the tax dollars??
Well, how much  are the prisoners generating at slave wages? Maybe Kamala has an idea.
If people commit a crime, they need to be locked up. Period. People have to be responsible for their actions and suffer the consequences. Nobody gives their victims a second chance!
We are the richest nation in the world! That applies to oligarchs,  people with private educations and connections and many white supremists. All others are treated like garbage :(
Invest it in the Wall Bernie.
They could use money to help people addicted to opioids. Building facilities to rehab and introduce them back into society. To where they could feel better about themselves which would lead to more people staying clean
Change the law keep
This topic looks to be bipartisan. Little something for u nooblets. Most prisioner are in for non violent crimes. The problem are the judges. Good luck fixing those greedy a-holes.
In Prisons，with NO MENTAL HEALTH TREATMENT，money is wasted and predominately people OF COLOR ...but POWERFUL WHITE MEN in WASHINGTON are FREE CRIMINALS with EXPENSIVE LAWYERS and will make DEALS to avoid or get NO JAIL TIME for SERIOUS CRIMES to SOCIETY.
Money for education should be spread equal for all schools in America regardless of zip codes!
Put $ into education, our public schools are a disgrace.  Operating on little to no books and those they have are old books, no ac/heating, no art/ music programs. Mental health, therapists are needed in schools. This pipeline of school to jail is setting up youth failure.


high. If people really wanted the benefits and no escape from reality at the cost of their sanity, why not just use CBD oil?
What if they want to catch a buzz too.
Why not a natural buzz such as exercise or helping someone else out? Why do you have to be ‘high’ to enjoy life?
Maybe that should be illegal too.
Cannabis is Natural.
So is foxglove and poison ivy
And there’s other parts of the plant that don’t have the same amount of THC in it- why not use that?
I personally like the THC and the CBD parts.
I'm sure there are examples of people obsessing over exercise to the detriment of their families.
And yet I don't feel exercise should be criminalized.
If you don't like tomatoes, don't eat tomatoes, but don't criminalize tomatoes.
I have to go to work but actually your logic doesn’t work bc those are two completely different things. Exercise or overuse rarely affects anyone other than the one doing it. People can be allergic to marijuana and if someone is smoking it in public, they are forced to breathe
Maybe that money should be used to educate them while they are incarcerated. Give them skills assessments. Put them on track 2 earn GED & certifications or degrees. They get reduced sentences for good grades & behavior and come out prepared for good jobs instead of minimum wage!?
You're misguided on this. I witnessed the effect of marijuana use on my younger brother and it destroyed his whole life. Furthermore, most of those smoke or deal it commit other crimes such as theft and assault. It is not harmless. CBD oil has all the therapeutic benefits w/o the
Lets not forget the massive numbers of people locked up for recreation drug use...
Kamala Harris tweeted this, too.

Then she voted for FOSTA just like you.
America’s jail sentences are insane.  It’s no wonder every jail is overcrowded.  Look to the rest of the world for better ideas...  
I agree
How about those criminals stay at one of your houses then?? Your Ideas Are A Joke
Think of all the tax money we would get for legalizing those drugs instead.
That would be great if people did not commit crimes. But unfortunately in the real world that we all have to live, people commit crimes. Those people have to be removed from the people who wish to live a peaceful existence.
@shorebirds had a great night. Came up from Norfolk and had great time. Thanks to all.
We would have even more murders and crimes but the Democratic’s would have more voters
USA - highest prison population. But your recidivism rate is huge, which means more victims than in other countries. Why doesn't America care about reducing the victims of crime?
This old man is a twisted HYPOCRITE
It would mean more criminals roaming the street you moron. You want to save money from jails then execute anyone in them that's had an appeal already and is sentenced to life without parole or already sentenced to death ...  One bullet point blank back of head.  Sends a message
How about all the money wasted on seeing if there is extra terrestrial life? A colony on Mars? There is wasteful spending instead of fixing the infrastructure FOR our nation. Ask the people of Flint, Michigan what they think! Thank s a crime against humanity what happened there.
Sorry Bernie but we’ve got one more to go
By giving everyone handouts?
I assume then you're proposing death penalty for all crimes that currently carry prison time? Another ridiculous comment from Crazy Uncle Bernie.

Why not release them to your state so you can take care of them
What would it mean if we sevured our borders and did spend 100's of billion US dollars on illegal immigrants, bs berny?
spend it on EDUCATION!!!
The problem with you Bernie is that you are a kind compassionate human being who stands alone among the self serving narcissists. I applaud you!
They locked for a reason...they choose crime
As soon as Doug Ducey became our governor his budget slashed education while at the same time increasing spending for private prisons to the tune of $100,000,000. And yes he did receive contributions from private prisons for his campaign, so, you know, priorities.
Yeh that sounds http://cool.SO  they can leave all the criminals at your place then.....
Speed up rhe death penalty . Stop allowing illegal aliens to flood our country. Go away senator
Bravo Senator Sanders
Yes that money could be spent on education, free education for people that can't afford to pay for an education,  help them to come out of poverty. Education would do that.
Your vote on FOSTA is bullshit, dude.
You're going to need more jails for all the people youll need to lock up when you pass all your gun "reform" laws
Criminals would roam the streets?
Yeah we could take that 80 billion and build a wall then we wouldn't need more prisons

We would have more criminals on the streets
That's virtue signaling for democrats need more voters because there policy isn't working
Off topic...Please do not let the WH  fire, Mueller or stop the investigation.
On topic. Right now in this city, 90% of the halfway houses and treatment centers are all about the money and not recovery. Also, they are giving addicts substitute drugs. It is a revolving door. $$$$$
Fire Muller. On topic.  Money does need to be provided for help with drugs instead of legalizing pot.
Think if people would understand the law and not be criminals.

Think if you loiter and trespass in a business, criminal activities, that you would be put in jail.
That would cost more... so don’t use that as your point.  However, I do agree with you.   We should strike a balance for there is not one right answer.
Welllllll......
A former 911 operator has been found guilty of hanging up on thousands of callers because they called at times she just didn't want to talk. http://cbsn.ws/2qJv4bs  
Great retweet’ SheWall!
Post.
The criminals have already destroyed the country, the only ones locked up are the worst of the worst thanks to liberal commy judges failing to do their jobs. Be more real sir.
$80 Billion ... Repair schools (jobs), get teachers the supplies (jobs) they need, Repair roads (jobs) and bridges (jobs), Build 21st century infrastructure to support small & rural communities (jobs) Restore inner-city communities (not gentrify them) - more jobs. Did I say jobs?
NO SE QUEJE,EN ARGENTINA ESTAMOS SUFRIENDO UN SAQUEO Y REMATE DE NUESTRO PATRIMONIO,Y LO PERDEMOS EN MANO D QUIENES NOS GOBIERNAN ACTUALMENTE, Y FUERON ELEGIDOS X EL VOTO, ESO SI ES GRAVE
Take a little of that for electric in PR. That situation is a disgrace
If we invested that in schools, we wouldn't need jails.
The investment in schools has gone up at twice the rate of inflation.  At the same time incarceration has gone up.  Maybe increased incarceration is correlated with increased spending on education.
It is a totally insane system that has NEVER been a success anywhere. It has been a system that has only had a success of wasting huge amounts of money and inflicting pain and hardship on the poor.
It's time for you to go away Mr. Mago. Go back to that beach house Hillary bought you for throwing the election to her.
Yes intervention is helpful punishment is not.
Long over do.
Think of all the air that could be saved if you were in a padded room.
It's just personalities dude
Imma give you a break okay mr. Virgo..... but I'm going to leave you with this there might be a guy that has one follower..... on his Twitter page or her Twitter page..... like that page and follow her it'll turn into a billion followers..... it'll give her confidence okay Bernie
Because the bully thinks that he's been communicating with the celebrity....... so the bully stops you don't kill a Mike is a Aries they're the biggest bullies in every school in America...... they're the 1s that are kicked out of school before the 7th grade expelled David Banner
This is why we have bullying because of you in every school in America......... like I said to Tyra Banks of long long long long time ago if you went to the school and befriended the bullied ones...... the bullied one would have some sort of power to hold his head up HIGH.....
Bernie Sanders....... the only reason why you complimented her is because she got 50 billion followers...... if you notice she look just like Bruno Mars Amber Rose Kim Kardashian the born on the same day in October...... just like Nick Cannon and Bentley Farnsworth LIBRAS....
Mr. Virgo I said the same shit in 2006 that cardi B said.... about the government how they take all the money what do they do with it..... and you didn't respond and cardi B probably said it to you too before she got celebrity status........ look at Larry Nassar I mean Bernie...
It would probably mean there would be criminals walking free
People should stop committing crimes and we won’t have a problem.
We have got to do better by our people. We can’t go on wasting  lives like this. We’re almost as bad as China and N. Korea.
We currently have almost twice as many people locked up as China, which is number two in world incarceration.
Uh!!!  What do we do with the criminals.  Make em live in tents with purple jump suits?  You complained about that already!  Or put them on the street, and still continue to go after our guns?  That’s not good.  You’re dumb Mr. Sanders
You're out of your mind.
Some belong in prison but many are in for bogus charges especially people of color. It is outrageous spending $800 billion yearly on military budget while veterans are homeless on the streets and many American children are living in poverty and have no healthcare. #WakeUpAmerica
Fact!
100 Billion a year on illegals.  Why isn’t that money appropriated to the homeless, poor and veterans?
Or if we used that $80 billion to invest in education. What would that do for lock up rates?
So you’re telling me that the three thugs that randomly murdered my son-in-law as part of their gang initiation should be freed and mollycoddled?    You are insane and have no place being in government.  You are exactly what is wrong with this country
Higher Ed
Release them in your state.
In another 20 yrs the interest alone on our national debt is going to be around 15% of our annual federal budget. ANNUAL. Imagine what that money could do for our citizens. Instead politicians will keep kicking the can down the road.
Bernie let them all out to hell with the law. Let’s go anarchy and start the purge
We’d probably be visiting other planets by now.
If you are talking about minor offences, im on board. However many criminals are there for a reason and the dollar amount is a minor concern to most Americans when it comes to keeping murderers and rapists locked up. These general statements make you sound a little crazy.
Prisons for profit need to end!
Concept of #superpower is bound to become measured in people’s attainment, happiness and education and not in icbms and aircraft carriers.
People should not be a commodity for private prisons to profit off.
no amount of investment can fix broken ppl or criminal, what you are inferring is total blathering. Democrats are loosing ground big time and are literally willing to sell their party to cons in order to stay in office. disgraceful to think dems care that little for tax payers
If their criminals, lock em up!!! We need more jails.

Senator Sanders:  I need more infrmation.  Don't know yet.

https://vocaroo.com/i/s0BzP5wh8hwy  #MDMA #MDMAmazing #pot #marijuana #politics #political
Your correct, we should just execute them
Well BERNARD,IF you obstructionist impotent fools of wasted meat suits did your jobs and built the wall.Slow the roll of cartels bringing over their dope to our young people ,maybe we would be spending less on prisons but until useless democrats start doing what's right 4 America
You bet let all the murderers, rapists,  drug lords, gun runners especially the ones selling assault rifles, child traffickers and peddlers, violent criminals, etc just like you did with the Promise Act that allowed an adult shoot up a high school. Great plan
So true
Then people should stop breaking the law
Wouldn’t it be just peachy if there was no consequences. And I’m sure this is implying that there is systematic racism making people commit crimes. Good one tho.
Think  of what it would be like if people didn’t do the things that get them locked  up. That would be a Great Society to Live in. 
I bet you have $80 billion. Prove me wrong.
So Bernie wants to let criminals out of jail and ramp up stealing.
That’ll be great! Just give the $80b back to the private sector n we’ll see it done
Then what would you suggest we do with the money saved by not investing in keeping criminals locked up? Should we create new government services to deal with these issues? #STCEgov4
Imagine what we would save if we sent murderers and rapists to God like He told us to do. And not 12-20 yrs layer for the ones on death row.
