you can get electricity from wind, water, solar, geothermal...
coal, nuclear and oil aren't the only options
Right now,  they are the only real options. Non fossil fuel and non nuclear energy are so miniscule in the accrual amount of produced electricity, it's not feasible or economical to try and use others on a mass scale.
but if we put the infrastructure in place we could easily make clean energy viable. there's vast unused tracts of land in this country that could be used for solar or wind farms
We could,  but it would take a lot,  and in its current form,  it's both unreliable and very expensive. The technology is not there yet to actually replace fossil fuels.
where is this estimate from? it seems hardly accurate.
if the political and economic will would come together, the actual building of this infrastructure would take 10 years at most, probably less
the pipeline co. found and fixed the leak and hauled off the contaminated dirt.back to business as usual.we'll be using fossil fuels for the foreseeable future so you might as well accept it.
You are the stupid one.  You don't clean up this kind of s..t it is there for decades. Look in Alabama where land has been condemned and you move and start over.
No,  you actually do clean up this kind of s..t. You excavate all of the contaminated soil and haul it off to a hazardous waste site.  That's how it's done.
i think that's what i said.
You would  think that kind of publicity
you know 'Look All Clean!' would be something
that they might show as evidence of their complaince?
Can you point us to any, besides a few dishsoap commericals?
Instead, when tests show 40% & greater NON-complaince
they shut down the test.
http://wqad-com.cdn.ampproject.org/c/wqad.com/2018/04/09/keystone-pipeline-owner-reveals-spill-in-south-dakota-farmland-is-twice-as-big-as-first-thought/amp/ …
“The remediation work on the property has been completed. We have replaced the last of the topsoil and have seeded the impacted area,” TransCanada spokeswoman Robynn Tysver said in an email to the newspaper late Friday.
12 days?
Anyone see trains of dump trucks leaving the property with half a million cubic feet of contaminated soil?
Or the open pit mine-sized equipment it would take to load that many trucks that fast?
Or other train of trucks bringing in the clean soil?
So unless you see video footage,  or you stand there and see it yourself,  you won't believe it? Can't help you there hoss.
Bernie, you have been wring about most things, why should this be any different?
what is "most things"?
Easy , Socialism, Global Warming , Hillary Clinton,  his wife defrauding investors, no call for FISA warrents abuses, No call for a investigation on IRS gate or soying on Americans . He claims he is for the People, actions dont indicate that
i don't think socialism has been proven wrong yet, and how has he been wrong about global warming?
If you don't like dangerous outdated systems, you might want to drop the socialism...
the capitalist profit motive works against the spread of sustainable energy because fossil fuels are cheaper to obtain

but yer just a low effort troll account
Sure....innovation in energy isn't driven by profit.  We'll just let the DMV invent the electric car.  Dumb ass.
even if it was (it isn't) then that's a pretty shit motivator. should be about saving our planet. but I'm sure you're a climate change denier too.
Guilty as charged.  I ask for scientific evidence.  You should try it.  Healthier than the group think you're accustomed to.
or are you actually a climate change denier who ignores the overwhelming evidence that suggests it's real and the opinions of 99% of the scientific community? 

these are all readily available but it's of no use if you choose to not believe it for whatever idiotic reason you have
Hmmm, so the climate has changed thousands of times over millions of years and you have proof that my SUV is doing it this time???  Do tell?  Did the dinosaurs all drive Suburbans when the average global temp was 90+?  Again, dumb ass.
see what I mean? you ask for empirical evidence which exists in abundance and is freely available to you but you dismiss it with bullshit strawman arguments.

how is that not groupthink? you anti science types are really strange
How belief  in you ?
Do you ever do anything except find fault with everything in this country. This is all you have ever done, bitch ,moan and groan . Get a life Sanders. Even your family members are tired of hearing your crap.
Bernard objects to being in military .He feels it is immoral,but if he was POTUS,he would have no problem sending other men /women to fight. He dodged draft during Vietnam, protested every thing ,free loaded for years. If this your hero , take him.
And his laundry list of pros is much longer than his cons... So, I will take him, thanks.
Good luck
Fossil fuel is ancient technology, should we all go back to the telegraph ? It's time for a change we did with communication.
Can we substitute the petroleum in our plastics,  rubber, metals  and thosands of other items with a wind turbine ? A solar panel?  Don't thinks so . Lot of plastic in that cell phone kid.
Ya ! With something biodegradable that breaks down in 5 or 10 yrs. If we can look for weapons of mass destruction on Mars and leave Garbage there we can find something to replace environmentally detrimental sludge.
We need you to go away.
You are part of a dying political ideology that frankly can't die fast enough. See you and your world class hubris in 2020.
I agree on this with you Bernie.
I agree let’s use garbage and make steam energy. I just saw where another country does that but I forgot which one 
Fossil fuel is what GOD gave us!! Build the pipelines! He didn’t give us some “created” imaginary clean fuel!!! Where is it!?!?
This how god did it? 
Yes, after the flood, that’s where they were. Too big for the ark!

I think there is more than enough evidence out there! But never mind the pollution, you just can’t burn any more fossil fuels, our climate could (and probably will) , run out of control!
Wow
They are working on it you halfwit. Those things don’t happen overnight especially being it’s not feasible for the entire country. I’m guessing you don’t know a damn thing about it.
There are energy alternatives.  Why aren’t we innovative and insisting we use archaic fuel resources.  We can use solar power, hydropower, and wind power. We have intelligent scientists who can put thoughts into reality.
aside from nuclear power, none of the alternatives are stable enough.
Maybe In the future they will be.
Maybe, but for now the technology just isn't there.
There’s no such thing as fossil fules
I guess the Appalachians are riddled with oxygen mines, and the keystone Pipeline leaked water, then?
As in, these fuels did not come from rotting dinosaurs and such.
Easy big oil has Senator and Congressman in there pockets and both senator and Congressman will not give up on easy money
Didnt some protesters do this. I heard 2 women sabatoged the pipe
I heard the earth is flat..
Bernie has a Huge following of  Rusky Trolls
Bernie went to Russia for his honeymoon. Seriously, he couldn't go to Niagra Falls or the Catskills like everyone else?
He didn't invite them to the White House, though... AFTER it was proven that they influenced the elections.
I've been to Russia 20 times. Nobody called to influence me to vote for Trump!
Maybe they knew you were dumb enough to to it all by yourself....
So, how does bernie get around? If someone uses fossil fuel for any reason they have no room to complain. As the world becomes more electrified the need for fossil fuel will be reduced but never eliminated.
They’re working on compact fusion, chill
Also, America has a shit ton of oil now
It is almost as if the land protectors where right. Almost lol
Thank you, Bernie!  It's never whether the il lines leak -- it's just when and how much damage. http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/nationworld/ct-oil-pipeline-leaks-20150522-story.html …
So it can  travel by , rail truck or pipe.  Which one is safer????
You missed the point. We need to stop developing fossil fuels period; they cause pollution even when they're not spilled, & they are running out, so every dollar spent delivers less return. Makes much more sense to invest in renewables that will still deliver in 100+ years.
Wait till I G 5 tornado comes through and the lightning ignites the oil is being pumped, then all these Farmer's property you'll be burned down to the ground. Then the governmental say something.
Drill baby drill
Living in an area where fracking is everywhere,I couldn’t agree more with breaking the addiction. First, remove any politician who is in the oil industries pockets!
And this is the same pipeline that leaked 5 times in 2017 in case you guys were wondering.
The US consumes 20 million barrels of oil per day and exports 1.5 million barrels per day. Both growing. Almost all oil is transported in pipelines. It's not the pipes it's the oil. Change how we use oil, not pipelines. Pipelines are the safest way to transport oil.
I look forward to the bot Purge
Wonder what kind of coverage this will get on @MSNBC and @cnnbrk doubt very little if any
I agree. Just keep your hands and the gov't out of it.
Hey Bernie how much did you fly last year? Did the plane not run on fuel? Hypocrite!
Save the Native Americans land!
@ErnestBabb3 is a bot. Block it

Ok what’s your plan to do this and HOW much will it cost ?
Bernie, you supported Hillary who was for the pipelines & TPP! #SpeakWithForkTongue I’m done w/the political games! You spoke of the world elites but ignore what they are currently doing, esp MSM, until it’s politically expedient.What about the Chem-Trails!
He supported the lesser of two evils, not every policy she espoused... And "chem-trails"??? Get off youtube, reddit and 4chan and read a book! lol smh
Opinion is like an ass everybody has one! #FactsMatter The elites has been using racism to divide & conquer us all since the beginning of time! #Zionist When will we wake up! #LikeSheepToTheSlaughterHouse #WideIsTheRoadToDistructionAndManyWillGo #Q #QAnon
For once I agree with you Senator what a waste for you guys to give the wealthy energy companies 500 billion was it you could have put a windmill and solar panels on every house in America for that!
Amen
NOTHING WILL GET DONE UNTIL TRUMP IS IMPEACHED...HOPEFULLY SOON !
Put a fee on CO2 emissions with all revenue going back to households! That’s just one of many ways to incentivize the switch to alternatives!
A big spot of oil on the ground. The ground the oil comes out of. And that's a catastrophe?
#StillSanders #EnoughIsEnough
there are approximately 1.5 million blue collar workers in the oil industry. What is more dangerous?
We need safe, reliable pipelines. Infrastructure needs upgrading. Conservation and alternative fuels are great, but my furnace needs gas, delivered safely.
Can’t drink gas. Can’t eat crude oil. 
Route the pipeline around YOUR house and YOUR water then.

Very, very good point ... start at the evil spigot ...
Obama wasn’t strong enough to prevent this, native Americans have been protesting this pipelines for years, no one bothered to help, assist, big guys got their way, poison the land for sake of money. #sick
NoSuchThingAsCleanUp
ofOilSpills.
CosmeticOnly.
Toxins&EDCsWillLinger
harmingUs&OurKids,
theLand,Plants&Animals.
NoRewind.NoReformat.NoDelete.
PipelinesSpill.
1GallonOfOilContaminates
1MillionGallonsOfWater
Oil isToxic&DisruptsHormones
per CDC,NIH,EPA&WHO.
http://woodstockearth.blogspot.com/2017/04/12-tips-for-how-to-live-in-toxic-world.html …
This was that pipeline they tried to steal Indian land for with promises of it never leaking and destroying their clean water and food. Surprise!  It leaked....
Your going to have a little bit of that.
We could all just stop driving. It's a great idea . You first
I totally agree oil and gas has brought death and destruction To our environment. I was for the wind energy But they left no corridor  for the migrating birds & butterflies. Now the monarchs are on the endangered species list a primary pollinator. There’s no artificial pollinator
How About Tim Cook on #Apple? 100% renewable anyone!

Somebody needs to do something. The oil is contaminating the soil plus any underground aquafeirs=drinking water!!!
Still safer and more reliable than anyother form of transportation for oil.
You need to work together and get rid of the  now. #ImpeachmentNow
We need tax people who reproduce . Children shouldn't be born into debt. That's slavery Bernie.
Follow me as I show you how I  2X funding for SF schools by adding 1000 solar panels + selling to PGE for $0.49 Kwh. 
How about a pipeline from the PNW to the Southern states growing are food #tiredoffloods
You are a sold out fool
Then why didn't you and the other Dem do more to prevent pipelines from being developed? Obama was president when the last one went through. You constantly beg the people for help when you are doing a damn thing.
Bernie Sanders was the most outspoken against DAPL of any US Senator.  #NoDAPL
Sorry, but he still didn't do anything about it.
Bernie Did your wife, and yourself pay back the public money you stole.
@YourMainMexi
Except our elected officials both Democratic and Republican failed to do so.
We can run the world off of weed & love
"'Black Market' Indictment Names Oil Man; First Accused Here; Four Others Face Rationing Charges"

https://www.etsy.com/listing/570399216/november-23-1942-the-evening-star-black?ga_search_query=oil&ref=shop_items_search_9 …

#oil #FossilFuels #facts #blackmarket #indictment #news #newspapers #History #historyteacher #etsyshop #antiques #rarefinds #vintage
So, I agree his fist sentence is hyperbole, but how is his second sentence incorrect?
No more wars for oil!

https://www.etsy.com/listing/586477481/november-11-1940-the-evening-star-quakes?ga_search_query=oil&ref=shop_items_search_1 …

#OnThisDayInHistory #OnThisDay #news #facts #newspapers #history #oil #fossilfuel
Sustainable energy is available. No one is stopping people from using alternate sources.
Funny how people are defending the pipeline.  If they did get all the topsoil, good for them - what will they do when this happens to pipe sections by (or under) a water source (like in our area)?  Say "oops" while people's water is poisoned?
I think you're talking about the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Yeah, sorry - I didn't mean the same one.  My bad on that. :)
Er.. I didn't mean to imply they're the same one.  Wow, typing too fast for my own good, lol
I actually didnt read fully, but the Dakota access pipeline is built illegally close to water sources so its only a matter of time.
I'm not sure on the illegal part, but I agree: it's only a matter of time.

And then they'll likely pull the same crap they're pulling on people in Flint, even this many years later.

JFK stopping nuclear war six times by Rothschild rocky fellas military CIA smedley dueled warned of
Easier said than done there Bernie. Ending our reliance on fossil fuels is not a plan of action to stop pipeline leaks. It's like a lot of your ideas: well intentioned but unrealistic or even impossible action plans.
Not impossible. 100% renewable is happening now. It’s a matter of what we choose to focus on.
We have plenty of coal !! according to our fearless leader

I am with you Bernie Sanders
Politicians are always saying that we need to do this, and we need to do that.  Talk, talk, talk, talk with little to no action.  Politicians allowed this to happen and politicians will continue to allow things like this to happen.
Bernie, we need to raise as much money as possible to keep paying for all of your hand out programs.
Hey BS(@SenSanders), would you prefer this?
talking crazy again Bernie. new energy you speak of does not work; only in your and those like you minds.  technology comes in increments, not all at once. You don’t replace something wit domething without finding out if it works. Solar is not perfected and wind is undeoendable!
@SenSanders proposes a #sane society. Are people ready for it? Or do they need the dysfunctional drama & chaos that people like Donald always instigate? I call the Donalds time & money wasters who spoil EVERYTHING, tho their wealth appears to indicate otherwise. It DOESN"T.
I  pipelines...they make my world go round..you’re just another jet set Marxist...hey, how are you going to roll that Audi R8? I know...do as I say, not as I do...
Do you know  what else is dangerous  Nazi's
Ok...
You know what energy source will help us find an alternative to fossil fuels? Fossil fuels.
Hey Bernie! Bet you a case of @Yuengling_Beer that @maddow does not cover this!
Many people die from electrocution. Let's not make it safer to use, let's stop using it. This is exactly what this old man is suggesting. There was a fatal accident today too, old man saying let's stop driving.
Thank you Senator Sanders for saying this, if only we had more politicians like you to see these initiatives through. Our planet is suffering for us. When will people do something instead of putting their heads in the sand? - a physicist
Always stating the obvious, so what’s your plan Sanders ? Spell it out...you voice what any reasonable half way intelligent person knows/thinks but you never offer concrete solutions. Tiring, your shtick getting old.
Just let the US run out of fossil fuel and listen to the Dems and Liberals scream
The rich just don't care about tomorrow they are only thinking how much money they can make today
And how do you get to the store and how do you get to work. And how does Bernie travel between his many houses? God Liberals are morons
Sorry your not up with the present and havent heard of electric cars and Solar panels then some fossils like living under a rock pun intended
this  is  *not the future*
go back to Russia and take Jill  with you
Why is it leaking? 
Even a half decent plumber wouldn't leave you with leaky pipes.
A little late on this aren't cha Bernie?
We need oil, Bernie. I don't have an electric car.
facts, evidence that this pipeline is dangerous to the environment and must to stop we can't allow politicians and greedy people  abuse our planet just for some extra votes, and millions the must to wake up  this is serious matter
Oil pipes and frack pipes, all an addiction! 
Wind, solar, Geo thermal, cold fusion! tides.......
Tell the truth, pipelines are not dangerous. You have several around and in you multiple homes. Any problems? Neighbors?
and with solar...wind...geothermal...cold fusion development...heck pay people to exercise moving turbines...we are so close to not needing to be dependent on dangerous pipelines etc
You’re not suggesting foreign oil dependency, are you?
@5layerchipdip was this the one we did that prezy on?
So TRUE

Oh- the pipeline that never leaks
You should have been the President instead of that orange Cheeto!!!!!!!!!
Buffet's railroads spilled much more and cost four times as much to transport: but Obama took the kickback to try to kill the pipeline.
So are Cars. Don't be a fool. #Comicrat
Meanwhile this senator travels all over the world heats 3 large homes. He likes telling others what they should do as long as he doesn’t have to. Just like health care that he didn’t participate in.
I don't own a car. I walk to work.
Fossil fuels make the fossil nervous?
Unfortunately we are reliant on fossil fuels.  We can be compliant, but it’s already too late.
It's the natural equivalent of Toxic Waste. As someone who worked clean-up on the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill I can tell you from personal experience - it poisons and kills anything less than 50 lbs. Which is most animals and birds. You get ill just from the benzene, etc.
Hope the big keystone pipeline spill happened on a republican voters land.. They only get it when it impacts them.
You should have worked harder to convince your supporters to vote for Hillary....
Sanders campaigned harder for Hillary than Hillary did
LOL. Sure he did....
How many months has it been and there are already leaks! This shit has to stop, next thing Standing Rock reservations will be affected and it will have come full circle! #Trump said he would move to sustainable energy and the first thing he does is build a pipeline. #KeystonePipe
Hey Bernie.  Allow me to help you update your electrical needs by going to solar.  I know this helps the cause.  Do your part.
Heaven help us when the government is deaf to our voices! We all saw this coming  We tried to stop this.
You are 100%correct!
You’re a fool

Must be the Russian Steel used, while Trump touts America First.
You know who's making real changes to our oil addiction? Bob Loblaw.
Pipelines are still safer transportation than truck and rail, right?
Nuclear
We’ve come along way since Chernobyl lol
You’re right. But the fossil fuels are guaranteed to continue to harm the environment whereas there’s a small chance of another Chernobyl. and one can hope we’ve learned from our mistake before
I wouldn’t say we have to go full nuclear either. There are other forms of clean energy we can use in conjunction. There’s no guarantee others follow suit but in terms of other developed countries, we are far behind in clean energy
Why do you keep calling it an addiction? Who is running your account? They are really daft. It is not an addiction. It is a well thought, long term plan to keep screwing the world so a handful of corporations make them dollars.
Your Russian buddies are gasing Syrians at will, you do remember your honeymoon to red Russian comrade, and this is what you tweet about...fool...
It seems like it would be easier to break that addiction if we didn't keep propping up that industry with subsidies and breaks from the current big-government @GOP.
And also Corporate Democrats unfortunately.
A melanoma!!
You first Bernie! I assume your riding a bicycle to work and that you’re heating and cooling your 3 homes with 100% solar power? You’re certainly not flying anywhere are you? Libs only want others to give up modern convenience in the name of climate change. Hypocrites!
We need for you to retire back to wall painting.  Perhaps someday you might progress to trim painting.  In other words, something useful.

Looks like Don's could be seized RICO style Make Attorneys Get Attorneys
Not to say we told them so, but, we told them so...
Solar shingles on every roof top. Electric vehicle in every garage.
Stop transporting oil by train and trucks, so we can protect the environment? Outlaw guns to stop all shootings!  Mamby Pamby, can’t you do/say thoughtful things in support of America’s best interest rather than stupid things, just to be an obstructionist 
This is a pipeling... Not a train or truck. What are you talking about?
He is clueless.
There are literally thousands of miles of pipelines throughout the United States and are far safer in transporting fuel and materials than by rail or over the road tanker.
PHOTO SHOP MUCH BERNIE...
Well, gee, Bernie.  I guess you forget that Hillary had a REAL plan for that instead of a lot of hot air.
Talk to Trump and try to change his mind before he gets America back to the stone ages. Coal for pete sake!
https://twitter.com/SomeGuy_94/status/979485884348211200?s=20 …
#BootPruitt
We demand that Scott Pruitt resign as head of the EPA http://petitions.moveon.org/s/eK81O=  @moveon
Help get @EPAScottPruitt out of office by signing on to this quick & easy petition everyone! 
…
Great , break out your checkbook and make it happen .
Nuclear energy FTW
I thought so too. But it's surprisingly expensive.
Expensive and produces waste that's toxic for 35,000 years.
And they have nowhere to store it peremently. So it all just sitting there costing us $24 million a year or so. http://large.stanford.edu/courses/2011/ph241/madres1/ …
That is an easily searched question on Google.
I like recycling old dinosaurs. What's wrong with that? What do you use Bernie?
This is why I got into environmental science. The fact that any government can ignore the environmental impacts and continue to destroy Earth is despicable.
You really think we can destroy earth? That’s mighty arrogant of you. Here’s a secret, the earth will be fine long after we’re gone. That oil came from the earth didn’t it? The planet knows how to heal itself. Unfortunately it can’t heal liberal hysteria though.
Bernie, 

How is your #revolution working out for you?

Thanks for dividing the #DemocraticParty, if you plan on running again in 2020 please do so as anything but a #Democrat.

You claim to be a #Socialist I recommend these guys:

@SPofUSA

I bet they don't want you either.
Not with this president
What does Pruitt have to say about this bad news?
Accidents happen and hard working men and women will clean it up. Just like during oil spills from tankers on the ocean. Who will not be cleaning it up are people like you Bernie that have never had a real job and have mooched off government your entire life.
And even if we did use petroleum it would be a tiny small fraction of what is currently produced and not require pipelines to transport.

Damn you with your sensible ideas and iron-clad logic!
What did you do with the payoff money to drop out the party gave you
Why? Because he can describe something seen with his eyes, without having Trump or Fox spoon feed him "alternative facts"?

Science is true whether you believe it or not. It is backed up by rival scientists that in most cases WANT to prove their peers wrong, but facts are facts.
Nothing but class from you republicans!
so @WarrenBuffett can make more money moving it by train?  And moving toxins is so much safer.  https://www.google.com/amp/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/idUSKBN1DR1US ….
When you give up your lemo and use a windmill to full power your houses, I will believe you.
When are you resigning?
Its called alcohol.  It works and it can be produced within our own country.  Its a very easy transfer from oil.  Get it done Bernie its not that hard for someone like yourself.
@GOP are ruining our natural resources-land, water, and air!!!
Everybody knows that, you Putin puppet.
Stop running in front of every parade and actually do something.

BTW, you will never win the Democratic nomination. So stop trying to throw the election to your paymaster, Trump.
What a rollercoaster of misinformation...
#LiterallyThanksObama
Lets just go back to the dark ages!
Months old but relevant.
So if there is a car accident we should eliminate cars as well?
We eliminate the cause by regulations such as speed limits and seatbelts
So we regulate the pipe line
It's not like it's anywhere near water?
Population of the water table
... we have only been saying this would happen for years now...
Remember how hard they fought to get this pipe line? 
We need energy independence , weaning off fossil fuel can’t be done overnight . Markets will determine how long we will use fossil fuels not rhetoric from politicians
was predictable..but who listens to me
@SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @SenSanders @POTUS44 @HillaryClinton @maddow @chrislhayes @jaketapper @SenWarren Everyone should be paying attention. Spanky @realDonaldTrump followers has went from 49.1M to 50.1M in a couple of weeks. Russian is hard at work. #Midterms2018
The Republicans can only win by playing corrupt politics.
Damn straight
Didn't take long for this to happen.
8 years and how many leaks? Rail transport is more dangerous and costly.
Sounds good Bernie so tell us how will you employ all the people you will put out of work?  Any ideas? Any actual experience creating jobs?  Mist Americans aren't as rich as you Bernie we need answers not just insults
We saw this coming.  Say goodbye to clean groundwater.
i agree
Are the skeptics watching?!
Everyone said the keystone pipeline would lead to this and here we are..
That's Canadian oil leaking on U.S. Soil. Trump's State Department approved it after Trump ordered it. Do not forget in November.
Bernie, that could be (likely is) a sabotage!
I'm sure the real cause of the leak can be identified. 
BUT
Burning fossil fuels is a crime against Mother Earth!
this is sad
You can Blame Your Friends the Progressive/Liberal Eco-Terrorist for that. Why do You Hate the United States So Much Bernie?

Hey http://Bernie.how  u gonna fly around and spread your  garbage ?
Better to remain silent and thought a fool than to speak up and remove all doubt.

.You have to know over 5300 free/low cost energy (after system purchase) patents have been stolen by a private governmental services corporation MASQUERADING as r lawful govt. "WEEE need to"?  Shouldn't you be talking to the foreign elite parasites who think they own OUR COUNTRY?
Let's start by ending your noxious emissions...
YOU ARE THE PRESIDENT

this doesn't look good

Doesn’t natural gas when burned exhaust into H2O ?
Also CO2.. but we're talking about crude oil.
They’ve seeded the area? We just got 9 inches of snow.... the ground is froze solid. I dont know how you could sees it.
This is about the leave that occurred a while back being double the amount originally reported. 

They lied. 

This is a photo from then.
Levee*
Yes!!!
Stupidest president ever!!
We need to stop this!
Appreciate the stance Bernie, but conversion from fossil fuels to renewables is not overnight, and the economy needs to continue working during a transition. Pipelines are more profitable and safer than Oil transport by rail. It is not an either/or issue.
Most sensible comment I've seen here.
