They should not be here Period Obey the Laws Bernie All of Them their Here Illegally Get it Go back to your Country stop making Excuses Bernie that's the Law like it or not ............
They were brought here as kids and raised American,  they have little or no connection to the country if their birth and they contribute to the country.  We can do better than this.
That is the most optimistic view possible the "As Americans" one and I its just pro invasion propaganda

They could come at 17 and spent no time growing up here

Even those that came younger...
Sorry I don’t take people seriously when they use a fearmongering term like ‘invasion’.  You seem pretty ignorant of these kids/young adults.
Excuse me, what do you call the advance of 11 - 30 million foreign nationals, actively encouraged by their governments into a country against the wishes and laws of said country??

Just because it wasn't all at once, or with guns doesn't make it not match the definition
Nice point Brad!
even in Canada we have to pay for our own school Bernard
Dumbass they are talking about in-State tuition.  They live in the state they, they pay taxes, they should receive the same benefit.
But they are not legal residents yes they live here illegally but that doesn’t grant them anything. Be if someone walked into your house and started living there and started to eat your food.  Yes they live there but do they have a right to it?
all libtards should go to Mexico and demand rights, burn the Mexican flag, and fly the American flag. Let me know how it goes!

Well when you want non citizens to have as many rights and come before citizens....
That’s not what I said at all.
Because it’s scary the extreme points of view. For me a DACA recipient needs 3 ways to become a citizen at most and it needs to be 15-20 years and if they get a misdemeanor or higher they get deported ASAP.
Has the young persons parents been paying taxes in all their earnings justifying in state tuition and other other entitlements?
That’s not a requirement for citizens now so...
Not a requirement but should be a mandate if they are to have their children get the benefits of services, entitlements or education provided by the state (funded by taxpayers)
Understand that DACA recipients pay all the same taxes you and I do.
I’m sure DACA recipients who are 18 years old and younger pay considerably less taxes than I do at age 58.
As all kids do.
So they question remains, have their parents contributed, via taxes, to justify their kids being given in state tuition breaks?
There is no justification for illegals getting any benefits at all.
Relax, dog - why don't we pay for American kids first?  :)  #Maga
Because republicans are against free college - for its citizens..
Education should be earned. Not free not paid for by the taxpayers. One way to make education much cheaper is to quit using taxpayer money for all the sports programs.
I actually agree with most other of this, but education doesn’t necessarily mean transfer track. It should be a viable option for everyone. AND we need to bring back real trade schools - not fake schools like ITT Tech.
Great work Bernie,, your idiocy shines through,, worrying about some illegals issues instead of real Americans issues
Shines through even more with your ‘double commas’ you have going on there.
Great argument Kyle! You told him about that comma use.
More of a comment than an argument, but thanks for your support, citizen!
Fernando is an illegal alien.  His criminal behavior does not deserve SPECIAL treatment.
Correction: his parents are the criminals, he is a victim of their crime...
No, he is an undocumented alien.  That's the definition of the DACA crowd.  He was brought into the country by his parents....He does NOT HAVE LEGAL STATUS in the United States.
Instead of undocumented, let's call them foreign Invaders instead.
Why are we paying taxes to educate foreigners? Enough!
What about the kids who lost all their tuition, when you wife bankrupt their college??
Moronic
My son, not DACA, born in NY to parents also born in NY, recently calculated how old he will be when he is done paying back the student loans he took out to pay for law school = age 62.
Tuition is high, too high, but he's not a victim. He chose his career and knew what the price tag would be. He will make big $ in law and won't make minimum payments on his loans. Don't be a drama queen.
I didn't suggest he is a "victim". You assume a lot, like all people with law degrees make big $. Current contracts state payback can be demanded of 10% of your annual income. A panel attorney average is $40k/yr. Sounds like you're the drama queen.
I didn't assume anything, and if I "missed" your point it's because you didn't make it very well. Law school is expensive and so are lawyers. If he makes minimum payments he'll pay till he's 62. I'm sure he's smarter than that.
FFS these people did nothing wrong, they passed a background check and pay taxes.
Are they here illegally?  Yes.  Then they did commit at leadt one crime.
American citizens first! Why should illegals take precedent over American citizens?
Who gives illegals the right to write legislation? Industrious illegal aliens ( if & what they are) should work like American citizens for their education. Outrageous to give them more than legal people.
They are not being given anything. Taking away ”in-state tuition” only means that, for billing purposes, they will be charged tuition as if they lived outside AZ even though they live in the state.
Live *illegally* in the state of Arizona
If you don’t see the complexity of the situation & lack the empathy to understand I'm sorry for that. Against all your arguments, DACA recipients are contributing members of society, trying to do the right thing and take nothing from you.
we shouldn't be funding people that r non citizens or that r here illegally. Try that in another country and c how it works.
Yes we should, they contribute to our economy and pay taxes.
And have a net liability of $119 BILLION a year, year after year after year.  Here's an idea -- keep your hands out of my wallet necause I have no desire to fund your bleeding heart causes.
I don’t take people seriously who display the flag of a traitor.
What about our own American citizen students Mr Sanders, if it bothers you so much you pay his tuition, put your big mouth where your $$money is and stop being a hypocriteHow many homes do you have now after DNC & Clinton’s gave you hush money to get with the program?
Thank God the Arizona Supreme Court finally did something right. They’re getting the message we’re not going to take this anymore. Looks like you lost the election for President and you STILL can’t figure that out. You’re really making us appreciate that decision. #Americans1st
What about MY DREAMS? I pay so much taxes out to illegals I can't fulfill MY DREAMS!
Correct #Bernie This should not B happening in the US These #illegals should be going 2 school & experiencing this in their #home country not in the #USA #BuildtheWall #MAGA
I'm as liberal as they come, but Welcome To America.  I never got any paid tuition.
Looks like the University of Minnesota would've been $12K cheaper for you because you live in Minnesota. I'm other words, you got the same chance Fernando is getting in Arizona.
BTW: I'm not a fan of toads who don't know WTH they are talking about.
"Without guidelines or oversight, some officers are using traffic stops to question Hispanics and turn over undocumented immigrants to ICE."
"ICE’s Philadelphia office is fanning out into communities across its three-state region"
"Trump administration encouraged prosecutors to seek felony charges against those who re-enter the U.S. after being deported"
Finally!!! ICE is taking out the trash
ICE is the American Gestapo. Today it's them. Tomorrow it's you.
Wow!! Amazing how liberals can turn most every law enforcement agencies into an organization of terror and murder!! Pathetic
DACA was a one-time, limited form of help for a certain few children of illegal immigrants.  Ignorance is more expensive.
800,000 is not "a certain few children" and Fernando looks like an adult to me.
See how far being an ignorant smartass gets you.  2007 was the cutoff.  It provides a path while not encouraging future illegal immigration.
Please.  We are talking about illiterate, non-English speaking peasants who rely more on rumor and La Raza than the NYT for info.
No, not trump voters, DACA recipients.
If I could trust the word of the Left that the DACAs would be the end of the push for amnesty, I would support it.  However, fool me once and you'll never get the chance to do it again
Yeah those illegals should become citizens or go home.

You should really try and think for yourself and stop following the other libatards.    LMAO. "RUSSIAN"
Ok.  So how about just a plain old "Piss off, bot". Happy now?
Love that libatard tolerance.  Lol
Pay your own way like everyone else
Maybe Fernando should go back to country of origin and apply to come here legally. No sympathy-He needs to pay for his own schooling...
Apply for citizenship.
In the state of Arizona, why would a non-US citizen receive a lower tuition rate than someone from, let's say, Utah? Why would a tuition rate, which is literally titled "In-State Tuition" apply to someone, not just an out of state student, but an out of country student?
Since when does a illegal alien entitled to anything according to the law? Bernie you need to retire
Does he not realize that there are many students who were born and raised in the US, whose ancestors were born and raised in the US who are struggling to find ways to pay for education. They are not being supported by Bernie; not nearly like DACA!
Wow, that is some mean-spirited stuff. In-state tuition is supposed to be for residents, people who pay sales and property taxes and rent, not just for citizens or documented people. It’s just another strategy to fleece the less fortunate and discourage immigration. It’s pathetic
Discourage illegal immigration* fixed
You can blame their parents all you like but don’t take it out on the children. If you do, you are simply vindictive and selfish. If they are long-standing residents, they deserve to pay in-state tuition. Don’t conflate issues to advance an agenda and punish innocent people.
Totally agree it’s BS to blame the kids but there needs to be some kind of deterrent sadly to prevent millions more parents from trying to go around the legal process to bring their kids here. These DACA kids if they were made legal but their parents were forced to leave there
Would be an uproar from a lot saying it’s unfair, but something has to be done. Raegan gave amnesty to millions in the 89s with the agreement congress would protect the border, which they failed to do. So three decades later tens of millions more have illegally came here
It’s a problem that still isn’t fixed as half million a year still cross the border illegally and hundreds of thousands more from elsewhere overstay visas and think it’s ok to stay
Fernando, go home and ask for free education
Sanders is a typical agitating socialist who does not actually believe in our American Constitution. They misuse our freedoms to work against the Constitution & in effect deconstruct the rule of law.
So ,he has 3 semesters left,Get a job and pay for them.Why should retired people that have paid into the American system need to pay for someone that shouldnt have been here in the first place?SANDERS,you are use to a free ride ,brides,theft,embezzlement,etc,Most of us pay /work
Your shitting me?? You mean they have to pay out of state tuition because they are illegals? What a concept.
Bernie , do you travel to any country on the globe without a passport?  Do you squat in any country in the world  without following that country's immigration procedures? 

Btw, how's the bank fraud investigation coming?
Bernie's position is that anyone in the world can waltz across the border and your taxes have to pay for their tuition / their children's tuition. This is insanity.
No one is paying for this kids tuition.
Bernie wants for tax players to pay for this kids tuition and any other children who waltz across the border--with parents or otherwise. I literally don't know anyone who didn't have to work their ass off to pay their way through school.
Bernie wants free college for everyone but that’s not what this tweet is about. It’s about he rate DACA students are charged. They’re not getting anything for free.
You think tuition covers all the costs of state university?  They don’t. Taxes supplement the university. They are getting the benefit of those taxes for free.
No they are not. DACA students don’t qualify for any financial aid. They work, get $ from family, or get private scholarships or loans. You think Texas is going to give $ to undocumented students? Lol. We are talking about AZ.
You aren’t paying attention. State universities receive tax money to function. These illegals are benefiting freely from that tax money. This has zero to do with financial aid.
DACA students including their families pay taxes. All students benefit from that system not only DACA students. They’re not getting a discount on tuition that other students don’t receive. That’s Texas not every state works that why. If your upset that colleges receive tax $.
Then explain why so many young American citizens with the same dream can't get government funding. Retire Bernie.

You missed the point of my tweet.
There appears to be a lot of hateful, small-minded people in this country and the majority are Republican.
Libturd alert
If that is all you have, you should sit down and be quiet. You are proving the low intellect of the Trump base.
All the Trump supporters, including me are very intelligent. Got to come up with something better than that. We just want America to be great again and it hasn’t been in a long time. If you don’t like it, leave
You may think you are intelligent . Continue to do so if that makes you comfortable. In the meantime, bye.
College education should be free to everyone, no matter what your citizenship status is. Education is a right, not a privilege! 
#EducationIsARight
And, as a Progressive educator said a hundred years or so ago:
Amen! 
You’re right. Fernando shouldn’t be here
That's fantastic news for the tax payers in the state!!! Now maybe their legal children can benefit from it. Bernie, your attitude about putting illegals over Americans is what got our country in the mess that it's in. That's why your kind is thankfully being voted out!!
That's weird - i can't get in state tuition in colleges in Mexico if i go across the border either - something about laws requiring i be a citizen or something like that
Almost all struggle with how to pay for college, Bernie!  Not everyone GETS to go to college, including kids whose families have been legal  American citizens for generations!  Here's an idea for Fernando - work your way through college!!  Others have!
We are $21 trillion in debt because of you and your cronies. Go pound sand, you jerk.
Yeah to bad. I have to decide between meals roof over my head and tuition... I do NOT feel sorry for this guy.
Democrats shouldn't be giving away American Students Educations to illegals. We can't afford to send our children to college but the democrats give free food, housing, educations, medical and transportation.  Your party is responsible for that Bern!
Republicans are against all education. Keep the masses stupid so they can destroy the country easier.
If you really believe that you are stupid!
Give up your wealth and redistribute it to the DACA kids @BernieSanders since your such a socialist. C'mon set the example.
They shouldn't be here illegally and living off our tax dollars to pay for anything!
#DeportThemAll
Yes, I have a story. I dreamt about going to college and didn’t have any free money. So Bernie, I joined the military to help with money for school. When I got out, I worked two jobs while in school, still no free money, to pay rent, food etc...So where does free $ come from Bern
Yes it should because he is not a citizen, if you are so worried about DADA illegals tuition, sell your four houses & donate the money.  Stop spending taxpayer money on your pipe dreams. @realDonaldTrump @TuckerCarlson @trish_regan @seanhannity @chuckwoolery
Yeah. Victory for American families.  
I watch kids in NY wearing iPhone watches talked about government paying while I pay full tuition for my kid. Pisses me off.
Good! They should take away all the free perks that non-US citizens get. Help our citizens before DACA and illegals...send them all home!
Not to LEGAL citizens of Arizona. Why should legal citizens of states from OUTSIDE the United States be put AHEAD of citizens from other the other FORTY-NINE states of the UNITED STATES? Isn't your logic just bass ackward?
College is a privilege not a right.
Well, why not lead by example and redistribute some of your wealth to pay for Fernando’s education?  Oh, wait...its OTHER people’s wealth you want to redistribute to non-citizens.
Why? If my kid goes out of state I pay a premium... Stop with the Socialist manifesto @SenSanders Life isn't always fair and equal!
What about the local citizens of Arizona? #AmericansFirst you always seem to forget us Bernie.
I guess there are no AMERICAN Students who could use help with tuition. You traitor!! @BernieSanders
Bernie you are 100% correct that should not be happening in the United States. Put his ass on a bus and send him home.
Taxpayer funded tuition, that is. You’re free to pay more taxes, Sir. Or sell a home and send a bunch of undocumented immigrants to school.
Bernie, a lot of legal citizens have to pay tuition, too. You're not going to see much sympathy coming from folks that are working hard and struggling to pay their student loans.
I say Bernie and any Democrat that agrees should practice what they preach and pay for their tuition. Show of hands of anyone willing...anyone...anyone...? No? Didn't think so.
Why? What about legal citizens and native born who are having the same issue? C’mon Bernie!!
So should Fernando’s college be free and my daughters have to pay? Is college free in HIS country?
Find upstanding illegal Alien? So you found 1... Now what to do with the rest of the Illegal criminals in America?
Could you tell us what Fernando is missing to be eligible for in-state tuition - assuming he was a citizen.
Bernie Sanders is a total hypocrite and is truly the epiphany of what a pontificating babbling old fool wearing depends is
Hey guess what freeloaders a lot of American citizens struggle trying to figure out how we are going to pay our college or children's college.
Novel idea for liberal freeloaders put on your big boy or girl panties get a job and pay for college.
Stop being takers, country is broke
My daughter lives in SC bcuz her mom took her there. She wants to attend UCLA but will have to pay OOS tuition. Why should illegals have more rights than my American child? They should be rounded up and shipped out. You too.
persons who violate Federal Law should be held accountable and not rewarded.  Rewarding the violation of Federal Law should not be taking place in America............
I'm struggling to pay off my student loan, I'm a citizen, what can you do for me?
You should've applied for grants and schlrshps. I have an AS and BS w/0 student loan payments. Far few apply so it's easy to get them. Also, why are you looking for a handout instead of earning your way. Sounds very socialist to me.
good job for not having student payments, not all scholarships cover everything, i'm not exactly looking for a handout but if the reps want to give handout, why only to certain groups of people? oh, yeah, cause we are in a socialist country
They aren’t CITIZENS YOU IDIOT! Spend the money on CITIZENS! What part of that don’t you Understand! Millions of our youth suffer from UGLY SOCIALIST INDOCTRINATION ANYWAY. Let’s Change That! @realDonaldTrump @IngrahamAngle @nytimes @WSJ @yodacowboy @FranCifelli @CharlieDaniels
Do you realize that other Americans are not getting any of these benefits and I emphasize Americans
Every home you own could be sold to pay for hundreds of non-citizens’ education.

Put your socialist $$$ where your mouth is.
How much have you chipped in so taxpayers don't have to @SenSanders? Again and again.

It's selfish to be generous with other people's money.

Actually it's criminal.
I had to figure it out. My kids had to figure it out. It's proven fact that if you pay contribute to your education you appreciate it more. WE ARR JUST ASKING FOR A LITTLE COMMON SENSE FROM OUR ELECTED OFFICIALS!
Bernie, I think it's time to put American kids first.
Get a job. I worked 3 jobs to pay for college, now you want to take my money to pay for them? 
#Treason
#Treason
#Treason 
#Treason
#CivilWar
It happens in the US to America citizens!!
My grandson WORKED hard all his life to get academic scholarship $.
He’s gotta keep working to keep his grades up or loose it - then how will he afford it?
His hand isn’t out.
His head is down and he’s working towards his dream.
Lots of true American teens struggle with gaining funds for college--and have for centuries!  And yet you want these teens' parents to fund a non-citizen's education?  Get real!
Why don't you put your money where your mouth is, literally?  Pya his tuition yourself.
If Bernie fought as hard for American citizens......
Why is it that liberals care more about illegals than they do about natural born, or naturalized citizens?  (It's about the votes! - #FreeShitArmy)  I'm not anti-immigration, I'm anti-illegal invasion!
Are you his daddy? Or did his daddy just never prepare for this? Who you blaming?
Oh the travesty. A person in this country illegally is forced to pay the same tuition as my kid would have to pay to go there? Seriously, are you a moron.
Seriously. You are a domestic threat.
When a law maker thinks it's wrong that a supreme court upholds the constitution, half of you up on the hill are clueless. 
Or you think those reading this tweet are clueless. Everyone read, study, research our Constition.
Let's start with when I can travel freely in Mexico, find employment, and enjoy the benefits Dreamers are crying for, I would consider paying for their expenses. Sorry their parents screwed them, but I am struggling to pay my own kids way we can't afford to pay for Mexico childre
So why don’t YOU pay his tuition Bernie? Sell that beach house & help the people you consider needy & deserving
Wait, what? Why would the government pay for something illegal? He's not supposed to be in the country. You're trying to make his school complicent in a crime.
You’re right. It shouldn’t be happening. Why were illegal immigrants getting in state tuition in the first place? They shouldn’t even be getting in-country tuition discounts.
You're right ... this shouldn't happen because Fernando shouldn't be in the USA. He should be facing this problem in his own country.
Put Fernando in your ratty Volvo you drive to make people think you're poor and drive him to the 99.9% white state of Vermont that you represent for a free education...
Correct.  If you and your cronies would protect our borders, Fernando wouldn't be in this situation...
You're right. He shouldn't be in America.
State Issue.  Move to a different state if you’re not happy.
No sympathy for ILLEGALS
You and your party always looking for ways to exploit freebies and entitlements
Fernando the country of your birth is not offering American kid free education are they? So why are you entitled to cheap Education in America because your parents brought you across the border.
Maybe they could get a job and pay for it themselves like I did?
So Bernie, I Suggest You Pay For His Tuition Or Maybe His Parents. Just A Suggestion. How About We Loosen Up On Our Own American Citizens Tuition Or A Forgive Student Loan Debt. ??
Because making college affordable period doesn’t do it for ya? 
Disgraceful
You’re on a roll today 
@realDonaldTrump wants to save Syrian Children but sends those #CentralAmericaKids back to die! #GoComey #GoFBI #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW #VoteThemOut2018 #GeneralStrike #FirePruitt #SaveOurChildren #SaveOurCountry #VoteThemAllOut  #VoteBlue2018 #TheResistanceVotes
He wants to save Syrian children as long as they stay in Syria.
Same goes for the #DACA & kids from Central & South America where @realDonaldTrump sends them back to die.
It would be a lot cheaper, and Americans would be a HELL of a lot safer if we just sent Trump to Syria.
He is not a citizen and should be deported #buildthewall #draintheswamp
So true! #BuildTheWall
What about my son Bernie? No one paid for my son, I’m a hard working single mom who had to take out student loans for my son!!!
I’m having to foot the bill for my daughter to go to college, why would anyone expect anything else?  I certainly don’t need to cover costs for Fernando too!  What are you, nuts? #NoDACA #nofreestuffforillegals #payyourownway
Hey! I'd like to go back to school and get my Masters in Psychology..I DEMAND THE GOVERNMENT PAY FOR IT! I HAVE DREAMS!
Why would anyone be receiving in state tuition rates when they're not even supposed to be in the country?
They are supposed to be here. That's what DACA allowed.
DACA is an illegitimate program that was passed by executive fiat. If they are supposed to be here then Congress should do something about it.
You're half right. DACA was not illegitimate. But I agree that Congress should do something permanent. Giving them protection and rights under DACA was the right thing to do.
Bernie I had no money growing up. Divorced parents. Got up early delivered the Courier Express. Went to school. Delivered the Evening Observer after school.Then worked at the local supermarket til 9. In the summer I worked on the farm picking tomatoes, strawberries. NO FREE LUNCH
We had to double our mortgage to pay for our child’s college. What will you do for hard working #CITIZENS ?????
I couldn’t care less about Fernando!  He is not an American nor a lawful resident! He is NOT the American tax payer responsibility!  #AmericansAreDreamersToo
Why should anyone here illegally get the same benefit as an American citizen?
Don’t forget we pay for,it.
Your exactly right shouldn’t be happening in America.  He should be trying to figure out how to stay in school in his OWN country and how to take his parents with him
Bernie, did you tell them that they can defraud the bank to get the money?
Hey Bernie... WHAT ABOUT AMERICAN CITIZENS THAT CAN'T AFFORD COLLEGE???  Wheres the outrage for them???  You leftist are disgusting!!!
Nobody paid for my kids college. Its called loans and jobs!
What about America's kids ? Shameful this is!
Let's quit telling kids that the only path to success is through college. Learn a trade. There seems to be less indoctrination in trade school!
So Einstein, I mean Bernie, if I go to Australia, Brazil, Canada, Poland, etc. ILLEGALLY should they pay for my college ??
Why don't all you rich elites pay it and take the burden off regular taxpayers trying to put their own children through school
Parasites need to go home.
Guess what nobody fuking helped me thru college...I worked at night and studied during the day. Lived on 4 hrs of sleep for 4 yrs!  BTW I was dirt poor with a single working mom so please save me ur crocodile tears.
HAS IT SLIPPED UR MIND THIS IS AMERICA? U DONT LIKE IT LEAVE! IF U REALLY BELIEVE THIS BS SEEK MENTAL ASSISTANCE URGENTLY! UR A SICK MAN!
ILLEGAL ALIENS should not be in the United States!!

Your priority should be US Citizens first, legal immigrants second. 

Illegal aliens should be removed, immediately.
Hey Bernie, we have #CITIZENS you should be concerned about. You know #TAXPAYERS . Something you have done little of... #NoDACA #AmericansFirst
The bigger point is that they should have never had it. They don’t pay taxes and American students should be receiving those dollars. You are robbing American kids of educational dollars they can use so they don’t have large loans
Stop telling them that. It’s not that we don’t care. They need the truth Bernie. They are not pawns. Neither are your own people.
You are a millionaire why don't you pick up the tab.
They should attempt going to Paris or London to study. Ask France and Great Britain if tuition will be free!
Bernie: you are a dirty Communist POS!
Move to Venezuela already.
The sad part, doesn't this hurt these kids' chances to stay in DACA if they're not attending school?  Yes, they can maybe get jobs, but their dreams have now been snatched away from them, and isn't that the reason their parents brought them here in the first place?  Smh
Exactly the R can’t get rid of DACA or AHCA so they do things to self destruct it...DACA make school unaffordable AHCA remove funding from Fed so sick people can’t afford meds or DR visits... it’s truly vile meanwhile the same R are robbing us blind with mill$ trips and $30k desk
Don't forget they're pocketing a lot of our money because of that BS tax cut, too.  The corruption in DC/GOP is out of control!  #VoteThemOut
Geez, I'll guess they'll have to rely on THEIR government for college help.  Americans first, Bern.  We are tired of our own struggling while you give our tax dollars to illegals and non-citizens.
Immigrants aren't the reason you're struggling. Corporate greed is.
Enjoying that computer and internet?
Are you making the "you criticize society yet you live in it" argument?
Simply saying that those awful corporations do alot for you.  And yes, mass immigration leads to wage suppression.  Look it up.
Wages progressively went up with production until the 1980s and trickle down economics began. Immigrants do lower wages, but not nearly as much as our broken economic system does. The same economic system that disproportionately favors corporations over workers.
Correlation.  It also was the beginning of rampant government spending which led to many unnatural balance sheets in our economy.  Example EIC payments led to television companies making more.  Yes, it favors corporations, but not in the ways you think.  Stop with the handouts.
Hey Bernie, remember when the PRESIDENT came to you and your party offering to make a DACA deal and your party leader was nowhere to be found? YOU were nowhere to be found? This is such a hypocritical post, no wonder we Americans can’t take your words or (in)actions seriously
@realDonaldTrump
My student loan debt was 40k, it's paid off. I think however we should pay for everyone in the world to go to college. How about all of South America, all the islands in the Caribbean, heck, the whole world?Just tax the crap out of us hardworking folks. It's ok we'll eat pickles.
,In state tuition is for AMERICANS NOT For anybody who decides to come here ILLEGALLY by themselves or by their parents!
In-state tuition is for anyone living in the state that the school is in and had nothing to do with your immigration status.
,Wrong,Read the state &federal laws that IN STATE TUITION IS ONLY for AMERICAN CITIZENS & LEGAL RESIDENTS!LEGAL
At least 20 states and DC have tuition equity laws, which allow anyone who graduated from an instate high school to receive in-state tuition, regardless of their immigration status.
,WRONG AGAIN! You keep forgetting to mention the word "LEGAL" There is a big difference between LEGAL& ILLEGAL!
Seeing as you are a big proponent of socialism why don't you lead by example? Sell one of your three houses and foot his bill.
He can afford a tall latte from Starbucks. I think he's good.

Precisely!  America should NOT be paying tuition of illegals! It's lunacy.
Hey news flash Bernie ... Americans are struggling to figure out how to pay for college too.!! I’m sorry but if everyone wants to be treated equally then guess what ? DACA Kids aren’t special ..pay up like everyone else.
You are absolutely correct. This young person should not be in the USA in the first place. Second, any non-citizen should pay a much higher rate of tuition and apply like every other international student. Boom. Fixed. Now pay for the wall and this won’t happen
In-state tuition = DACA students PAID in-state tuition themselves (did NOT have their tuition paid by the university). This means they will now pay out-of-state tuition (higher cost) for the same education. People need to understand the difference.
Sell one of your houses and help them out.
Your right Bernie, Fernando shouldn't even BE in the US for this to be happening. He should be in his crap hole country.
Your an idiot burn e.
DACA is dead, like your Stalinist ideology.
Bernie, why should someone who is illegally in this country (no F1visa) should get a in-state tuition discount when an out of state American citizen is not afforded the same discount? And this is why you are a flawed representative in OUR government. #CitizenshipHasValue
well then sell one of your houses and pay for it Bernie. America middle class working man and woman can not afford to pay for it-keep your hands out of our pockets -go away you let Hillary steal an election from you. how can we trust you with America
Too bad for Fernando. Do you feel my children’s pain, Bernie? Because my children, who are LEGAL citizens have enormous college debt. I don’t recall you worrying about AMERICANS “struggling to figure out how to stay in school!!”

Why are you & the Democrats ANTI-AMERICAN???
Perhaps he should be in prison instead.
Cut a check Bernie.
No. It should be happening in Mexico.  My point exactly!

I know US Citizen Young People (Not kids, Adults because they're 18 and older) who have to work and pat their way through College).

#NoDACA
#BuildTheWallNow
So why don’t you pay it ya old curmudgeon deli man....go pound pickle brine....
Yes, it should. it’s called our constitution and the rule of law. so, go ahead and amend the constitution if you can. until then your indifference to our constitution and the rule of law will not be imposed upon those who are not indifferent. in other words, like it or not own it
Hes not a citizen. You, however, are allowed to pay his tuition but, dont make me pay for every damn illegal. I have my own kids to pay for
Pay his way. If it is that important to you.
Why don't you pay the difference then? Lead by example. Sell everything valuable you have and give it away. PS The AZ Supreme Court made the correct/right decision.
In what universe should someone who is not a legal resident pay LESS than those who are??? No one is preventing them from going to school, they simply have to pay the same as every other out of state student!

So why don’t YOU pay his tuition Bernie? Sell that beach house & help the people you consider needy & deserving https://twitter.com/sensanders/status/984457364353904640 …
What part of Illegal do you not understand?
What shouldn't be happening is overburdening US citizens with taxes that support illegal aliens and their children. Why don't you sell one of your homes and start a scholarship fund for DACA kids?
Pay for it yourself Bernie, sell one of your mansions. You are a multi millionaire. Put your money were your mouth is.
You are a multi millionaire Bernie. Give Fernando some of YOUR money and keep your grubby hands off MINE
I wonder if i sneek in from socialist California, can I get in state tuition?
You are a good man mr sanders i hoped that you were an iranian,if you lived in iran i gave you my vote and let me tell you something its really hard to obtain.
Fernando needs to go home, I’m tired of paying for these illegal aliens
They can get in state tuition in the state they're legal residents in. Oh wait ... THEY"RE ILLEGAL ALIENS!  No more free rides.
Then you pay his tuition, Bernie
I applaud the great state of AZ for having the backbone to enforce laws.  You spend half your time in cozy DC and the other half in cozy (100% white) Vermont. That makes you unqualified to opine on these matters.
Yeah, @SenSanders! Taxpayers are bottomless pits, right? Keep talking higher taxes- a sure winner with your pathetically ignorant followers.
Get a job
Yes they should have to figure it out like the REST of us! It’s called: WORK AND SAVE! 

And if they don’t like that idea- get out!
If you had voted with OUR PRESIDENT they would be on the path to citizenship...you are such a looser inmore ways than one!
You could always pay his tuition, Bern Bern!
Yes, you are correct. Money going to help with tuition of non-citizens when there are so many citizens in need. Yep. This is America. It shouldn't be happening.
If you or your parents are paying taxes then sure, the money should be available.  However if they or you aren’t paying taxes..then no one else should be held responsible for your education when you’re not even technically a citizen.
Good! Why should they have a free ride? Their parents stole from our country. Make them pay. #OnlyFair
No bernie  they ruledmfor AMERICAN CITIZENS not footing the bill formillegal criminals   #BuildThatWall #DeportThemAll #deportthem  and u shoukd be in jail
Americans have dreams too!!
Suck it up buttercup and join the rest of actual American teenagers/adults and parents in their quest to pay for college tuition
Blame your parents Fernando! It is their fault you are in this situation and no one else’s!
Life is hard.
The fact that most #people can't afford #School or half to pay for it for half of there adult lives is a #crime in its own right
What about American citizen(s) children who don’t qualify for “in state” tuition? Screw them? @BernieSanders needs to get his priorities straight. It’s time you represent your constituents... That you were ELECTED to represent...
I wish my kid got free tuition too but I pay taxes
You are a moron.
I pay;  they have to pay.
How out of touch are you with the struggles of AMERICAN citizens?
You're right. He should be immediately deported.
You're right, we should fix this by deporting them.
DACA was never even a legal EO.
Why the fuck should the government be spending taxpayer money on free education for non-citizens?
Typical Liberal, telling people how he can spend their money. Hey Bern, Maybe you should worry about what's going on in Vermont. Illegals have more incentive to break our laws because of you. This is what shouldn't be happening in America
What about Americans?
If Democrats really cared about the people on DACA they would have worked with the president.They cared more about them getting credit 4 DACA solution then they cared about the people on DACA. Bernie better worry about the FBI raiding his attorneys' office. BANK FRAUD means Jail
Hypocrisy at its finest; you and all ur liberal cronies! God help us if u ever get into office
Illegal aliens receiving benefits that Americans are denied. 
That should not be.
Feel free to pay for their tuitions. I know I can’t afford to.
