Your statements are not consistent with your actions, sir. Stop taking corporate bribe money. #WalktheWalk #BigPharmaKills
Ummmm, I stopped taking corporate money a while back as well as big pharma contributions.
not counting the $2.7 mill from lawyers; $2,6 from wall street; $1.2 mill from real estate. Those are corporations sir.
Who cares what they do with their money? Do you own them?
Why did you vote against bill to buy cheaper drugs from Canada?
I didn’t:

Yeah like you care as long as there still giving you all that money to keep you on there side. Loser
Catch up Dale, I stopped taking their money and all corporate contributions.
Then explain why you voted against the cheaper drugs from Canada that would have been a big help that a lot of people
Yes it's unacceptable to you because you think you should control what everybody else does with their money.
Oh please. Booker is a complete tool of big pharma. This is pure posturing. Try actually casting a vote against their interests Cory.
It's clear from your unbelievable question today about gay sex that you haven't learned why dems lost the election. While you were in San Francisco debating what bathroom Bruce Jenner should use, working Americans lost jobs.
Please stop embarrassing yourself and the state of  Nj
Try working for the people not just running for president and towing the party line. It’s the economy!
Those people who get the buy back will invest in new stock, or spend there win fall..
You are unacceptable, and we are embarrassed by you.
When you choose to ignore history, it repeats itself. 2001 tax cuts were smaller but had exactly the same result. Lower tax rates should be tied only to profits shared with workers. Higher tax rates on profits used to buy back stock. Give business incentives for right actions.
Phony #Sellout Corporate Democrats of the 1% will never be on our team, no matter how good their speeches are. #TheAssistance is #OwnedTogether.
Even if they did use the money to lower drug prices it is unacceptable to lower taxes forever in exchange for a one time concession.  It would just be a 'kleptocratic kickback'.  We need MEDICARE FOR ALL.
How many jobs you ever created
So what you are telling me is that all those awful middle class people who hold stock, mutual funds, etc. in 401K plans, plus company pensions, etc. don't deserve a boost to their retirement?
Corey you’re a fraud! You had the nerve to grill Zuck over EO after he gave your failing Newark schools $100M and watched you piss that $$ away! You could have built a tech school or paid teachers what they earned but you failed. Proof that our govt promotes failure!
It's not your f****** place to see if it's unacceptable. This isn't a country where government runs business nor should it be. If you like that go the f*** to Russia a b****
They don’t owe you an explanation as to how they spend their money. Ever.
Why should they? They made billions now just from Obamacare.
No, what's unacceptable is you thinking you have the right to tell companies what they can do with their money.
As long as pharms keep paying you , it's all good right cory ! Campaign without them@if you care so much !
And donations to you, ya we know all about them Cory
liar
You shame the employers who don't do what YOU want with the $ from tax reform and also shame the employees for the #Crumbs they received sayibg it isn't free money and it's responsible for the raising the national debt! Shaming workers really?
Big pharma money you took! Did u return it?
And thanks to Trump my insurance deductible DOUBLED!
Its their choice to do with their money what they want! None of your business!
Trying to clean up your dismal record on big pharma?
Cory Booker, if you'd stick to this personality, instead of the bully trying to takedown a patriot like Mike Pompeo, you'd have some credibility and know the meaning of bipartisanship. Maybe more people would reach across the aisle to you. But I get it. You're on THEIR side.
You voted helped stop a bill that would have made drug prices lower! You take money from big pharma!
We haven’t forgotten Cory how you sided with big Pharma and voted against the amendment to lower prescription drug prices and the money you and other Democratic senators have received from big Pharma since 2011. – at Maryland / DC State Line
Jealousy is an ugly thing Cory. You need to Stop it it shows. Why are you interested in everyone’s SEX LIFE? That is Private information. America has so many Problems that needs attention and You Spend Time thinking about SEX? Are you a pervert? DO Your JOB for The People.
But yet there’s proof of hundred of other companies using that tax windfall to expand and hire more employees. Small businesses to large corporations. Why you against tax cuts? Cause you didn’t think of it? Run on repeal of Trump tax cuts please.
Trump can go after big pharma in other ways...
In America, we don't tell companies how they should spend their money. That would be Communism.
You should talk to middle America you know us the ones that work hard everyday. It isn’t crumbs to us or  to our employers. It’s great.
So their decision to keep their profits is a problem! How much do they use in research and development????
None of your business what private industry does. It was not a requirement I remind you @CoryBooker you had 8 years, you did nothing, no #infastrucure, #taxhikes, #destruction, #badhealthcare NAME IT, @realDonaldTrump is here BECAUSE OF #liberalfailure, Don't you get it?
Farm out to the Canadian pharmacies to lower the drug price. We or use that are retired are at counting pennies to pay for the drug prices that are put on us or don’t you care if we stop taking meds and die.
BTW CB I hope you follow Sander's small donation only funding paradigm. If you do I'm all about Booker 2020, or Warren (ya gotta admit she's amazing). Please be the man who spoke at William Paterson University, the man who runs into burning homes. We'll support if you really lead
Off topic but maybe it's time.
As most Democrats stay silent, @SenWarren calls on Israel to exercise restraint against Palestinian protesters https://interc.pt/2GSSepY  by @ZaidJilani
Obama made deals with them to go along with Obamacare and let drug companies raise medicine. So don't act like you care so much.
That’s where all the pay offs were going to come from!
Aw shucks! You mean that whole trickle down thing isn’t going to work? Again? Color me shocked! #BigBlueWave
Yeah, but it WAS accepted, into law, no veto....
Wow
The tax bill was a scam. It just helped GOP supporters.
How can tax plan help only one section of the population? Do you fill out a different form? That’s just nonsense!
You will not be happy until you and the other communists make America #Venezuela. Read the Costitution you took an oath. That isn't free http://money.It  is the peoples. The face of evil is looking back at you in the mirror.
so when are you "elected representatives of the american people" going to do something about it?
Why arent there some regulations and agreement within the new tax laws that bargained tax breaks for such provisions? Probably because the politicians sitting on either side of the argument are bought and lobbied by pharma instead of looking out for their (broke) constituents.
We need to see your financial records Mr. Trump.....you must be hiding something!
Because @realDonaldTrump and his tax plan was to benefit the 1% and corporations. Not the middle class
This coming from the Democratic senator that voted down legislation that would’ve permitted the importation of prescription drugs from Canada to reduce drug prices.  I hope you refuse further funding from private lobbyists and support Bernie Sander’s universal healthcare plan.
Did you expect anything else?
Mr booker you are a crow and a half breed
What did you expect? We all knew this is what would happen. Nobody listens to the people.
Sickening. No pun intended.
Shame on them!
If only someone was able to vote to lower the costs of prescription drugs... oh wait - yeah that's right, you did. And you did not.
America, where no profit is too high.
Thank you, Sen. Booker, for letting us know for a FACT that Trump's tax scam is truly a SCAM!! Please run for president!!!!
Sorry he cant run for president because the fraud from kenya has hurt it for a black person to seek office .
@realDonaldTrump
You still take Big Pharma $? Asking for a friend.
Lowering drug prices was not the purpose of the tax cuts! If you want to lower drug prices pass a law to let us buy from Canadian pharmacies!
Oh yes. Who did the repubs tax cuts benefit?  No surprises here!!!
Is ANYONE surprised by this? It's what happens EVERY TIME.
You're part of the problem Mr. Booker, not the solution. Can't wait until ALL of you are gone. thanks
must be some proactive legal strategy that is effective against these predictable and repetitive buybacks.  these are resource heavy strategies,  Is that the top end of their advantage strategy? What are they building toward. when they enter this stage there should be limitations
Lol. You absolutely hate America just like obama don’t you Cory.
It’s like you believe the money is yours....
Yep, that's called "Capitalism"
Single payer, where national purchasing controls price like Canada's pharmaceutical pricing.The 1% has all the breaks and the middle and poor pays all the taxes.
The only trickle down we have seen is the bullets of assault weapons on our kids and families and friends
It’s good your holding this industry accountable NOW but your past actions are hard to forget. Now that you know ALL industries it profit over people what will you DO?
Imagine another lie,HURRY UP MUELLER AMERICA'S IN TROUBLE,
Wow, it's almost like Congress hasn't paid attention to the results of rules changes made in the 1980s allowing companies to buy back stock.

Corporations ALWAYS cheat and lie. If you never prosecute crimes, you'll encourage more crime. Make some regulations.
well what did you think was going to happen when you sold your soul to them so they could price gouge millions of poor americans?  you helped cause this, sir.
But not an unknown reality.
If only you were in a position of power where your actions could match your words. New game: Don't take money up front, just trust that they will look after you after you leave office like they showed they would with Obama.
Well there's a non-bias source.
Stock buybacks are stealth executive compensation. Buybacks do NOT make companies financially stronger nor do they benefit long term investors.
Do the deploreables know about this?
they're in the profit making business and they answer to shareholders, so naturally this is what you would expect.
Lot of folks knew that.  And, it is not just pharma companies, it is nearly all corporations gaining from the tax cuts.  They are not going lower drug prices, invest in research, or hire more people.
wow its almost like you need to regulate industry instead of scolding and asking nicely
No, they are going to use it to bribe corrupt corporate politicians like you.
So the companies that donate to you suck big time and only care about themselves. Probably why the give you so much money.
It’s unacceptable to keep money that you have made? Spoken like a true socialist.
Yes, totally unacceptable, let's tell all the multi billion dollar drug companies that they have to operate according to the whims of a junior senator.
We need to get your cannabis bill passed now that Ryan is stepping down. He's been burying all the cannabis bills so they won't be seen! While Nebraska police violated peoples 4th amendment rights to bust people for cannabis.
@CoryBooker how much in campaign donations did you receive from BigPharma? So much so that last year you voted against a bill that would allow Americans to import drugs from Canadian companies at a lower price. Hypocrite.
Go after the company.
And, yet, you still took $300k from them, last year, and derailed Bernie's amendment for cheaper prices by voting against it, just like your corporate masters wanted you to. You're a despicable hypocrite.
How much $$$$ do you take from them Mr Booker?
What’s yours your stupid point.
You forgot racist.
Hey they probably will have more cash to slip you under the door so it isn't all bad Cory. You can keep getting rich off sick people.
Unacceptable and completely expected.
And NOTHING will ever be done about it #MoreActionLesswords
Grrrrrrr
of course!  The problem with that is only people who read anything or attempt to stay mildly informed know/care about that...that means president Grifter's base has been hoodwinked...again
Shocking!!
You’re the leaders of the country. Implicit agreements are not laws, So instead make laws that make them lower drug prices or take out private insurance/medicine monopoly with public health care for all.
Yep that is what we call capitalism, get over it
My crucial medicine for lupus has gone up. Meds keep going up and down. And get rid of that Damon donut hole would ya?? xo

Not a surprising statement.
The so-called tax reform was an inexcusable enrichment of the 1% at the expense of our descendants by hypocritical #GOP legislators who profess fiscal conservancy, but only at the expense of the poor and middle class. Hold them accountable, #VoteBlue
Damn Cory it’s how Big Pharm rolls, choking the hell out of retired seniors. As long as they buy Congress it will never change. 
And how much money did you guys get from Big Pharma?  What about from other lobbyists?
Stock buybacks benefit all shareholders including the working class with 401ks. Take a remedial business class.
I don’t find this information surprising. In fact, it’s par for the course. Thanks @CoryBooker for sharing this to inform others of the b.s. regarding the tax “cuts” who only benefitted the 2% wealthy of the Nation.
Just as they said that they would do

Senators, could this be not because of inherent pharmaceutical greed, but the true economic threat of baseless securities class actions that these firms are disproportionately vulnerable too?
How much do you take from big pharma in political donations da
@SpeakerRyan yes please leave.
Disgusting!!!!!!! Impeach the bastard, @realDonaldTrump !!!!!
"unacceptable   "  thats all ya got?  calling it unacceptable?    srsly
Booker, Aren’t you bought by big pharma?

Seriously, who actually believed they would do the right thing & lower drug prices? They have the country by the short hairs & can bleed us to death with over inflated prices. Many just don't get the drugs they need because they cannot afford them.
You’re team...what a joke. Tax reform hasn’t even been given a chance yet, and you have a team looking into it. Democrats have disappeared, now we have dumbocrats
The majority of these pharma companies are in NJ
Oh look, it's Johnny Come Lately. AKA "Not Ever Going To Be President." Thanks for grandstanding though.
Is anyone surprised by this news?
Even if one pharma company wanted to lower their prices, they wouldn't be able to if their competition wasn't on the same page. I think the answer is more regulations rather than extra money
This is an incredibly informative report. Thank you!  I’d also love to see one like this for health insurance companies.
Note the volatility in the recent market manipulation facilitating their stock buy back. Tell me this isn’t carefully orchestrated.
YOU ROCK SIR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
your donors lied to you .. shocked. shocked.
Gosh, what a surprise!  Nothings “trickling down.”
you are unacceptable! hater!
But gee... you voted to protect pharma...
Of course that's what every company has done. The trickle down economics don't work. The tax cuts were for the rich not the poor. He put our country in serious debt.
cory-bigpharma-booker  being hypocritical again.

You'll NEVER be preznit. You're a blue dog elitist who SOLD OUT YEARS ago, but with your ambitions now you are trying to HIDE IT. FU you dont have a chance
It's not 100% this way or 100% that way. Part of the money used to pay bonus, part spend into research, part went into hiring incremental resources and part to buy back stocks. You'll never get answer if you ask yes/no question. Proves nothing but you're a politician.
Who are you to tell them what to do with profits?
Corey is on the DL
Sure those stock buybacks are unacceptable, but what did you expect? I see big headlines when a corporation uses part of its tax-refund windfall to provide money for workers. But there is never a mention when companies buy their own stock.
B..b...but capitalism is patriotic and American!
Capitalism is the mandatory, force fed religion of the United States of America! Based on " do what we say not what we do. Free market principals for us. Trillion dollars socialism for Goldman Sachs and their buddies!!
No surprise....& this of course is the major flaw in @realDonaldTrump’s tax plan. The vast majority of Corporations will simply use their massive windfall to reward insiders through buybacks. And we’ll pay for this in massive deficits down the road. #Stupid #resist
These are the same pharma giants you protected by voting against Americans getting affordable meds from Canada. You showed where your loyalty lies Senator. We won’t forget.
But not surprising
HOW MUCH MONEY DO YOU HAVE IN SINGAPORE=TRAITOR
Ok, but how do you explain this:
What an outrage! How dare a for-profit corporation use its own money to benefit its owners! What is this, the United States of America?? @benshapiro @realDailyWire
Please don't accept their contributions...

Boo! Socialism!
Well, I guess there shouldn’t have been any tax cuts for anybody then. Just because one pharma company decided to reinvest their tax savings.
Correction, 10 companies. Can’t win them all.
Correction thats just the 10 they looked at, there are many many many more of all different industries. I would have loved a tax cut that only cut for incomes under $250k a year and even better a ban on sales tax let states use a progressive wealth tax instead = more $ in economy
of course they do not   they want to get richer and richer
however if we catch the doctors prescribing their junk  we can stop a lot of it
it should scare them to death that these days so many bugs are resistent  pretty soon we do not need the drugs they make
While you're rallying against big pharma why don't you let us reimport drugs from Canada or let Medicare negotiate drug prices?
It's capitalism, Booker.
did your team have them on speed dial?
You just can’t handle something good for Americans! Wish I was in your district to vote against you ! #grandstander
Stock buy back are great for American economy.  If you are like most Americans and have savings in 401K and stocks that benefit from buy backs.  Get your facts strait.
Hypocrite

With all the $$$ you two take from pharmaceutical companies.  You don't expect us to beleive that. We all not stupid.
I'm not surprised. When can we start buying our meds from Canada legally?
Good stuff, but THINK BIGGER, Cory! I want to see your name every week and come to know you as a fighter for the principles that our country is built upon. Don't be invisible in the age of traitor Trump. (Unless you're doing it very strategically, which I admit could be the case)
why should they use them to lower prices when congress protects them from having to compete via crony laws and the @US_FDA covers for them with anti competitive regulations. dont blame pharma for this problem, look in the mirror and around you when youre on the floor you hack
Now you are lookin to get some #medicalmarijuana money. You are a waste of our tax dollars. Greedy Democrats will never change. #BernieWouldHaveWon #Bernie2020
Cory Booker I just can’t get past your ugly rant at the female Homeland security Director.
It will always stick to you.
Yes and those stock buybacks strengthen the value of their shares, which in return increases the value of 401K's held by over 100 million Middle Class Americans #GetEducated
You are taking money from them as well.  #hypocrisy
The message is correct, but forgive me for not trusting that you actually care about this issue. Your track record is pretty spotty on these kind of issues.
This video from “rebels’” held area in Syria is one of the reasons why you don’t rush into war based on YouTube videos
Maybe if you stopped accepting contributions from them, you could go after them properly. #BoughtBooker
But, surely you believe in trickle-down economics, no?
Are you expressing that, given the chance to be corrupt & exploitive without clear defined regulations, #BigPharma chugs it like shield potions in #Fortnite. Never mind sharing resources with your hurt n struggling #squad or offering fair pricing...nope, ????, Profit!
Is anyone shocked? Anyone?
What legislation have you drafted to lower drug costs ??
What else would an Oligarchy do? The definition of insanity - doing the same thing but expecting a different outcome.
So what should we conclude from this info - that you're stupid, gullible, or just don't really give a shit?
And hundreds of thousands in politician buy backs as well
How much has big pharma donated to you cory?

And totally predictable.
So they buy back there stock, so what. Makes for a stronger company.
Wrong. It only enriches CEOs who get stock options based on quarterly earnings. Instead they should be investing in plants, hiring people, growing the real economy.
Yes. Let’s have a society where the federal government tells corporations what to do with their money. When will people understand?
You act genuinely surprised, for whatever reason.

Are you really that clueless?
Why am I not surprised.
Thank you for your work on this issue, Senator Booker. Keep shining the light on Trump’s tax scam.
Wow. You put a lot of sugar in that “democratic” socialism koolaid, eh?
No one asked for a moron bot's opinion, moron bot...
