Breaking News: The federal deficit is set to rise sharply, topping $1 trillion by 2020, in the first CBO estimate since GOP tax and budget laws were passed https://nyti.ms/2HlFuFt 
Republicans are already using the huge increase in the debt that they caused as an excuse to make major cuts to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. That is unacceptable.
My paycheck is bigger....
It is supposed to be for now, of course thats the catch. 5 to 7 years from now you will be paying it all back.
You have evidence that will happen or is this just conjecture?
25% went to the bottom 80% of the population, 75% of it went to foreign investors and richest, while our debt blows up. I miss Ron Paul. Where did the deficit hawk Republicans go? Or they only come out for stuff that benefits exclusively the bottom at the expense of the very top?
Republicans are spineless. Democrats are Marxist. Idc what to do
The ONLY thing that makes sense is to properly tax the very wealthy. It's the best way we can make their money create jobs. #inequality
You mean steal not tax
Considering how corporations *steal* in tax subsidies, yes TAX
Abolish corporations and unions. Put a cap on the number of employees a business can have. 

Wealth will spread. 

Taxes are theft
Bobby McCourt, can you enlighten us a little more on this, please? Don't unions help working people level the playing field with the rich?
Cap the number of employees a business can have. You will create more business minded people and you won't need unions. The problem is big business
How about this approach - create the jobs necessary for a fully-functioning government - jobs that pay a living wage...
...Make it a seller's market for working people. Make the employers compete with each other. Instead of government regulating the market...
In my voting lifetime, EVERY Republican president has made the deficit bigger and EVERY Democrat president has made the deficit smaller. No exceptions.
Wear u buyin dat crack tho bruh?
Why do the super wealthy need tax cuts???
Because they’re lizards. Incapable of empathy.
Well then, cut spending. Instead of spending the money on programs, pay off the debt.
Sure, rather than raising taxes to generate income let's take food from the children, take money out of the schools, let the roads deteriorate even more.

BULL! Just selfish bs. Cut all the programs you don't need. How about we cut fire departments and police and military and hospitals and schools and parks and librarys. I sure there are people that don't read. Just plain selfish.
Again, everything you mention can be (and has been) privatised. So to say the only solution is that all those services need an expensive administration (bureaucrats) on top of it to run it is nonsense.
Sure, let’s make it 10 times more expensive, add another 25% for corruption. Yeah, let’s let corporate America run everything. Reduce everyone’s pay and benefits. Pay the CEO a few extra million and let shareholders get bigger profits. Brilliant.
I’d rather multiple companies to choose from in acquiring services, than one very large corporation (the state) that I can’t opt out of without being thrown into a cage. The costs would be much lower as those companies would have to be competitive. They aren’t forcing me to pay.
You'd rather have multiple fire departments, multiple police departments? How about multiple armies? Do you really think everyone could afford your choices. Of course it would be more expensive - common sense!
But bernie, based on what we said on your campaign trail, you policies would have increased it by 300%... start telling the truth ! #nomoreliberallies
Which policies are those? $15/hour? Medicaid for all? Oh right, none of those being implemented.
Deficits are concerning again, how was your 8 year nap?
Well, you tell us. How is your nap goinf right now?
It the democrats that always threatens to take our social security. And they have had control over the congress for over 40 yrs until now and all the time you guys have been you have rob social security. It anyone is like Hitler it’s you with your socialism
Huh?
So grateful that I trust God for everything..Man will always fail you
Wait... does God write laws? I must have misunderstood what my civics teachers were saying.
GOD says obey man's laws unless it contradicts his word n laws try picking up a bible
He gave the 1st laws to Moses..least thats what my bible says..but I don't debate religion with anyone..so I rebuke you Devil. Have a good day!
‘I rebuke you Devil. Have a good day.’ Comedy gold! I particularly appreciate the capital D.
He blamed Obamacare for the rising deficit and then promised higher wages with tax breaks. I'm still waiting on a wage increase while my employer increased their profits surpassing 700 million.
Tax breaks don’t cause deficits, government programs do.
A deficit is by definition spending more than you take in as revenue. If you cut revenue without cutting spending it's the same as if you raised spending.
Remember what the CBO said about Obamacare and other democrat led reforms you guys passed and you just said to ignore the CBO as they aren’t the best predictors of the future and are wrong often? we never forget so is it now believe them only if it makes your party look good?
It's cool as long as Republicans say they are the fiscally responsible party the media will go along with it. Actions don't matter to the media.
Look in the fk mirror what the Obama administration and you voted for everything Obama wanted. You been putting millions into Obamapoverty so you can get big donations from healthcare groups. I think your #1 in donations from healthcare.
Proof of claim
Here is just one of them. Look back at my tweets about 1 month ago.
Bernie Sanders is no Economic and Financial expert
Apparently neither are Repubs or they would be worried about the country right about now
Economic conditions are strong, unemployment at record low, spending increased.
Sure Now Bernie the Nazi says something.  Didn't say a peep when Obama didn't produce a budget for his 8 years of Country rape. Stupid Nazi. Take,  take, take. That's all Nazis do.
I sincerely hope that Donald Trump will be the straw that’s broke the camels back, and that our country will change significantly for the better as a response to his lies, insanity, corruption, and blatant disregard for anyone but himself and his goals.
Can you focus less on trump (msnbc has him covered) and put all your attention in SOLUTIONS!
That's cruel and wrong.Too bad something couldn"t be done,everything is against American s we've getting it socked to us since 1982 will it ever stop.or will they take us to the ground with their greed
What did America get with Obama’s $10 trillions off debt?
Hey man of the people. If you’re not using using that third house of yours next month do you think I could crash there for the month? Get back to me bruh!
He never said it would pay for itself in six months did he?
You are the last person who should open your mouth as you sat by and watched the national debt explode without any real value
Be honest Senator. Had you used your high popularity to persuade 1-2 GOPers to join with DEMS & follow the BRYD rule, the DJT TaxScam would not have passed. Of course the down side is that a Millionaire such as yourself would not have gotten a big cut.
Vote on November 6th. That's all I have to say. Vote blue!
When is China going to come collecting on their loans?
Wow !
The idiots that voted for him only believe that lol
We all knew the tax plan would  benefit corps and the 1% while throwing crumbs for the 99% and now it’s no surprise that it also adds to the deficit that republicans claim to be so upset about.
More deceit
T continues to not tell the truth
That’s weird cos’ I got my return 2k higher than usual.  Maybe it was not the cuts by my CPA uhh?
What do you expect from a man who went bankrupt six times?
True and the deficit will reflect on social welfare But know that U helped it with ur support to the Clinton traitors - u became a puppet of the ELIT ,Now u sed crocodile tears
Bernie 2020 with a real progressive congress to back him! NOT ENOUGH TO JUST ELECT DEMS - when many just pander to social issues but won’t touch the biggest issue of oligarchy and income inequality! #JusticeDemocrats
Deficit ..."HUGE! !!"
Clinton actually balanced the budget right? We weren't in a deficit then so whatever you were doing then, do that.
Only Bernie tells the truth
bs da bernny, how can you raise issues re this budget when a democratic congress voted for a 12 trillion deficit under the crook obama?
Because you didn’t cut spending!!!
Trump is President to make himself rich and make himself great..
You think so
Maybe Trump wants a deficit, and a war so he can hand over the U.S to Putin?
That's could be true or false?don't know
Relax and laugh! Reminds me of this guy squat! https://youtu.be/RCxrEkB2_nE 
Honestly Bernie, another Macroeconomic Policy should be formulated and implemented to monitor, control and direct the surpluses from this tax cut of the wealthy and large companies to unemployment  problem. If not it has to creat more harm than good for the country's economy.
Conservative fiscal responsibility is code for we are not letting Democrats spend money.  True fiscal plan is reverse Robin Hood.  Steal from poor and give to rich.
#GestapoOligarchyParty (#GOP) policies mind you ! #VoteThemOut
You can’t get water out of an empty bucket
Way to go BERNIE! Let’s keep exposing Trump as a fraud!
Why do we trust the NYT again? No really? Aren’t they fake news? They are! Well that settles that myth to rest. 
Everybody, EVERYBODY needs to pay their taxes so we can have tax paid healthcare and tax paid college education for ALL. Some people are just so dumb they do not understand this basic principle. Also taking money out of politics will get rid of most of the corrupt politicians.
Trump tells many lies over and over. Somehow that strategy has worked for him. Sadly people are much more gullible than I believed.
You have no principles like all the communists, Obama blew the deficit to amounts never seen before and you were ok, because it was money for the government
He doesn’t believe in negative scores. So it must be wrong.
Bernie, anyone who has 101 basic economic knowledge understands it takes more than 30 days to produce results. Fasten your seat belt....Socialist Dems just do not have any kind of a economic plan - only glossy words.  Sad...
You didn't see the new CBO? You are unfamiliar with financial projections? It doesn’t take any time at all when you know what's coming in and what's going out. Accounting has been around for a few hundred years. They even teach it if you need help.
Ouch- must be one of those socialist Dems. No conversation - immediate attack. Sad...
I’ll be glad to have a conversation. Did you see all the stop spending posts? They all want to eliminate spending on things they don’t use. It’s ridiculous and incredibly selfish. I don't have kids so cut all school spending. Save a bunch.
You are such a disappointment Bernie, I cannot believe I fell for your shenanigans.  You and the DNC lost many voters for supporting Killary.  There is no excuse for you.  You know damn well the only criminals who should be tried is the WHOLE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION!
What is being done about the threat to fire Mueller?
Some politicians are working to pass legislation preventing Trump from firing Meuller...fingers crossed.
CBO like the Obammy care projections lololololololol shushBernoe retire to one your three homes
Surprise, surprise. What Trump knows about economics could be written on the back of a postage stamp and there would still be room left for the whole of the New Testament!
Tell um Bernie
We’ll just see! Unfortunately the CBO has been wrong on many things
Like what?
Gd
I'm trying to find a tweet of yours complaining similarly about Obama's spending. Can you help me find it, you fake hipocrite?
Bernie - just play along with POTUS - I am waiting in India for you to assume that position in 2020 - patiently I might add - everyone knows YOU are the only person in the arena fit for this job
And your colleague Elizabeth Warren - another winner
Blue states carry red states all over the country.
If you don't want to pay taxes move the hell out there should be a test if you don't want to pay taxes move to one state see how it runs.
Yeah. You’re right Bernie. Let’s put everyone on the public dole. What is wrong with you?!?!?! You need to have your head examined.
Not a shocker
Riddle me this what would you have done? 
Raise taxes?                                        Raise health care mandatory cost?     Let illegals come here and give away benefits? Refuse to fix DACA?
The only persons who doubted this were those who would gain from it...
@GOP TAX SCAM REWARDS WEALTHY AT EXPENSE OF POOR AND MIDDLE CLASS! Next up? Cuts to Social Security & Medicare benefits due to $1T+ deficits caused by TAX SCAM. With idiot @realDonaldTrump tariff policy, excluding complicit @IvankaTrump Chinese company imports, layoffs start soon
@SenSanders Let’s see, you’re mad about a tax plan that provided cuts to working class and, thru business tax cuts, provided raises, bonuses & new jobs simply because you won’t lead the charge to cut deficit spending???
Pretty sure the deficit has & continues to explode because govt spends too much. Govt officials will talk about liberty while growing govt size & spending, extorting more money from individuals & eroding the liberties they swore to protect.
Yep the party of fiscal responsibility and family values hard at work
Skyrocketing Trump deficit
We heard that story in Sweden from the times when we ha right wing governments, since the 1970. Here they call the lie "dynamic effects". Always ends up deficits....
Here in America corporations and the 1% run us like dogs as they shit on us so CEO’s can have their third and fourth houses while we go stagnant-and right wingers fall for it because our education system sucks and republicans and est Dems use fear and hate bait propaganda on us
Exploding by adding a trillion in debt every year
If Obana has done that Trumo would be jumping up and down shitting his pants like Ted Nugent and yelling like Alex Jones.
Now what do we do? Blame the President coming up with idea or blame congress for passing it into law.
The rich want the poor to stay that way. #povertycycle
The irreversible tariff debacle has destroyed any chances of us finding out, since now companies are scrambling to figure out how to make up for costs.  Prices went up before it even went into effect. Because companies are greedy liars!!!!! Did Trump not predict this? How dumb!
Oh, @BernieSanders, your so dramatic 
*you're
it may be for  new system sir
Bwahahaha, Bernie you are a socialist, we have fought against socialism since the beginning of this country .
Bern, it seems you lie every time you post on Twitter. This is the same CBO that gave the green light to the ACA (grotesque miscalculation). The deficit has already exploded, Barry took care of that part!
U don't know how math Bern.settle down and go back to one of your vacation houses the democrats bribed you with
Lol him  unconstitutional  every  thing  this a king  no rules  any  law

Some real smart ones in here, ddduurrr the rich, lol the rich pay the lions share of the taxes. Look how many businesses left through inversion. The rich too, sanders is leading you astray.
Wasn’t Trump elected for his sober economic rationalism? Oh no, he was elected by people liking his comic persona and people believing the foreign, social media fictional news.
Mr, Sanders I like you, there were deficits when you were in office, plz dont make this a trump thing. Its a spending problem, everyone wnats thier cut of fed money.
"their"  "wants"   I will let trump w a lowercase "t" go because he's a mess...
From a trusted source I see. Good thing you quoted the @nytimes... it’s not like they have a reputation for printing false stories. Seems you should be able to quote a more reliable  source if it were true 
Roast all of em
Remember this -
That's like expecting meteorologists to always get the weather forecast right
Thanks for the whopping extra $1000 I'll be getting next year. Uhhhhh, that's worth the massive amount of debt we are giving to our kids. Rrrrrr!!
Solution:  Massively Cut MUH BIG Govt spending!  80% is total waste! 
Explain how? I agree on military spending. It could be cut by at least 50%. We need to tax the parasitic rich. Just 3 people have more wealth than 160,000,000 Americans. That's obscene. They need their taxes raised to 90%.
Like you Demorats did not waste trillions w obama
It's falling on deaf ears, but preach! 
They don't want to hear or see what is really going on. Exactly what we all knew would happen. Trump is shady and his own supporters will be the most affected. Smh
Exactly
This is part of the GOP strategy to bankrupt the US and then cut all social programs bcuz we have huge deficits.  They forgot they work for us and not the 1%’ers.
My struggling family was told to F off when we - taxpayers - requested help from food stamps and medicaid and got turned down. Meanwhile the tax cuts I've already seen reflected in paychecks and have found some amount of relief in. :/ I'm also a fan of the 2x standard deduction
America , yes this effects you , no tax cut majority , but you will pay more going forward,less tax income fo govt used to pay interest on debt!
So, the problems is that "the deficit will explode", then? Would you have an issue with the exact same Fed Govt deficit if there had been a $1.5 trillion net Fed Govt spending increase over 10 years on OASDI, Medicare, Medicaid, green energy, tuition-free pre-school & college?
Surprise surprise Bernie is wrong again. 1.5 trillion over 10 years is $150 billion a year. The deficit is $1 trillion. No, tax cuts are not the primary reason for the exploding deficits. Execeasive spending is. W/o the tax cuts there would still be an enormous budget deficit.
Americans should revolt and not pay any taxes because of facists pigs such as yourself use it for your own personal purposes and agendas for which the taxes were not intended! YOU should be FIRED! ..., along with all the other facists Democrats!
Out of curiosity, what *is* the largest inflation-adjusted deficit in US history?
You gotta work with him
You know heBisexual. He is in for the glory
Time to move to a better country. Norway!!! AND it’s beautiful there :)
We need to fix the problems here, not run away from them
I would love to agree with this but unfortunately in this country you gotta be rich and powerful to make things happen...and rich and powerful people don't want to pay a cent to help a less fortunate person...EVER!!!

After the 4 long years are up , the crash is going to be worst then 2007 /2008 God help us all
Curious as to what you think is going to cause this crash?
Deregulating the banks ....again
When did we deregulate the banks the first time? GWB signed more pages of regulations than any other president before him. Can you name 1 regulation that was repealed by GWB which helped cause the crisis?
When the F did Progs care about debt???  Bernie would break the bank...F-being taxes at a crazy rate.
Thank you Bernie for backing Trumps Executive order making Sex trafficking syndicates pedophiles Pedovore's seizing their assets making this a threat to America! Bernie backs Trump 100% TY for protecting innocent children around the world!
Go suck on a blasting cap.
So tired of the lies!
Time to repeal the tax plan and then tax the wealthy MORE
You are a communist, period.
You mean the deficit that Obama added 10 trillion to? Retire old man. Nothing you say or do is effective anymore.
#termlimits
#democRats
$1 Trillion is nothing compared to the $10 Trillion Obama suffocated us with! Get some real numbers...
You’re sadly mistaken if you believe what you just wrote.
People don't understand debt and deficit.
I got money barney

Are you a business man that has actually made money Bernie?  Go to bed Bernie !!
Taling to Brownback?
....will explode on the backs of the working and middle class, as usual.
Anything the New York Times reports is 99 percent crap!!
I am absolutely certain that you are more full of crap than nyt.
New York Times really when have they been relevant not since the 1960’s they are a joke
Former Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen and a team of economists argue that tax cuts are blowing a hole in the federal budget.#TaxScam
A socialist tweeting about deficits is hilarious. Especially one with three houses and a $150k car.
Deficit hawks vanish @TaxScam 1.5 trillion and no more credibility on fiscal issues. #InEqaulity
Why don't all of you in DC stop spending ???
Yeah let’s gut the bloated pentagon budget.
Trump is our liar in chief and he is cheating the American people!
Better than giving it away like you had plan
You don't have to pay for people keeping their own money.  You have to pay for spending. You always go after tax cuts why never spending?
FLAT tax is needed to bring some sense of equality so middle class isn’t paying for everything while TRUMP pays less than 5% because he can afford “THE BEST”accountants.
Republicans have always been the borrow and spend political party and they only are concerned about balancing the budget when there's a Democratic president other than that they do not care about the deficit look at the George W Bush years.  .
Look at Obama’s! 16.8%!
Along with climate change, the deficit will be another HUGE flippin’ mess we will leave to our children and grandchildren unless we VOTE THEM OUT! 

Sorry Bernie, I missed your plan to decrease the deficit.
You do realize he actually has one, right?  ...not going to see this on Fox

The only way to solve homelessness is through systematic solutions such as government programs or improvement in the economic standard of living for the entire country. Suggesting that giving away houses is the obvious solution shows how much thought you're capable of.
Giving houses to homeless people for free actually IS a benefit to the entire country. It's been proven to help get the vast majority of those in the study a path to employment and a way to get off of welfare.
Maybe
He’s going to bankrupt our country the way he did his businesses! Wait till the 4 yrs. is over it’s gonna be horrible! Just like his administration!
Another recession!
Yet my paycheck is $50.00 more each week then it was with a Democrat in office. Once again the ridiculous top 1% speech.
The Judas President
Is this the same CBO that mis-estimated the impact of Obamacare by over 50% ?
#maga
Liar
CBO also lied when they said Obamacare would pay for itself ... CBO is the biggest scam in Washington
Does the report include the missing millions from your wife
TRUE.
It was a lie when the Republican “discussed” it and it’s a lie now. 

A payoff to their owners, the 1%. And the vast majority of Americans will pay via poorer infrastructure, schools, healthcare, even Social Security
So, let's void the Tax Bill and, while we're at it, invalidate the 2016 election.
Yeah right
Where have you been for the past 9 years you old coot
The tax cuts are good. Just have to rein in our free spending government
Uncle Bernie working at the CBO is like being a weatherman , although the weatherman is probably more on target
Repubs LOVE this;  the 1% makes out like a bandit, and they HAVE to gut Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security.  Right?  And privatize the VA.  They are salivating.
How do these people sleep at night?
You're wealthy! Didn't you get your break?
We made the US Oklahoma/Kentucky/Louisana.  We don't have enough money to build a wall, let alone go to the Moon.
Social programs account for half our over $3 trillion spending so that makes it the "primary" reason
We all knew it was coming....massive tax cuts without spending reductions is a recipe for a disaster. The storm is brewing...
I agree. Start cutting spending!
What?  Republicans making false claims about tax cuts?  That’s unheard of.
Give back some of your wages that you were always collecting and the raises and put it back in doc sec that you guys have robbed over the years
Get with your colleagues and impeach him and stop wasting time with ineffectual bills and legislation! The focus should be stopping this atrocity from happening not letting it happen and hoping everyone else will deal with fallout
Maybe you shouldn't have voted for Hillary and we wouldn't be in this mess.
So of course nobody takes into account that the new people with jobs are paying taxes and as business increases they pay more ion taxes because that would give Pres Trump credit for doing a great job and show how inept dems are with the economy.
That is what the tax bill is all about. It is supposed to give you a tax break for now while the admistration is running when he/she is gone than the problems circle right back. I am simplifying the tax bill to you. You can't just move money like water and just expect a
....and what will Bernie’s suggestion to provide Medicare for all do to the federal budget?  Same as his earlier idea to provide free college education for everyone.
... and trump will likely make $1 trillion in personal profits from all of the ways he's working the system for his own gain.  How is it that a man. can be so corrupt while in a position of power and not be held to account in a timely manner?  This system is broken as fuck !!!
That's what Antichrist CrclofLf antidevil indvdls which wnts to dstry this Country and Earth wnts to claim this Country, forge ahd wth thr own lustful ways of slavery of ALL types... For whch All indvdls mst spprt finncl wrkng tgthrWTH Tru CRlgs ClthRps &I in reclaim this Country
Bring the troops home and problem solved. Stop wars in the Mideast and save Trillions and more than a few military lives
You Bernie can send your excess to the IRS since you got the biggest tax cut
Remember, Senator, if Chump's lips are moving, he's *lying!*
More socialist left wing fascist fake news
Hey, did anyone ever tell Trump that you can't just run a country into the ground, declare bankruptcy, and collect a fat payment as you walk away, leaving everything burning in your wake?
You have added to the deficit explosion since the healthcare bill of Obama And YOU want to speak about Trump who is at least TRYING to help everyone If you were intelligent then you would just be quiet
#ImpeachTrump
He just signed it a couple months ago. Give it as much chance as Obama’s failed economy. What did you do to help people. NOTHING!!!
Obama gave Iran $100 million plus.  Where was your big mouth then? That money will never be recovered but the bullets will be recovered from the dead bodies of Americans and Israeli’s killed by these animals! All friends of Obama
Uuuh..,it was THEIR MONEY!!!!
Can you tell me whether spending plays a role in creating deficits?  If tax revenue increases and the deficit increases at the same time, what could be the problem?  Also, what impact would Socialist policies have on deficits?
Because the CBO is still using 1.9% as growth.
This is nothing short of criminal!
You didn’t seem to give a shit as Obama doubled the national debt. Go back to bed old man!
Do you actually not feel any responsibility for Trump?
Perhaps also to get banks to buy debt to help...
Trump is an ignorant, incompetent, often incoherent liar and the single biggest threat to national security.
Basicly a modern day Hitler. The signs are there all over the place.
But I thought the tax cut was going to cut down the deficit! /s
Not possible. There was no spending cut. Unless there is a massive technological advancement, the deficit would grow. However, if output increases dramatically, the deficit should fall. The CBO, nor I, nor you, nor Bernie knows if that’ll occur.
We need more taxes  our debt was going down with Obama.   Tax  Tax Tax
Bernie bragged about the great Venezuelan success story. We see what his opinion was worth.
Such ignorance, man.  Venezuela is how it is because of CORRUPTION, not socialism.  CORRUPTION, what Trump’s government is doing.
Do you think this is unusual under socialism? It’s ideal for corruption when you have a select few running the economy and everyone’s lives.
How do you define socialism?
http://blog.peerform.com/top-ten-most-socialist-countries-in-the-world/ …
Even if you choose only use Cuba, Laos, Vietnam, China, it is not because of it being a socialist country. Cuba = Dictatorial corruption + USA embargo, Vietnam = USA War, Laos = USA War.  China = Kicking our butt. Common: USA.
