Wow all those years as a career politician thought you something.  Trump is a Nationalist his policy is America first.  So he has to unwind the terrible mess Obama has made in the middle-east and Eastern Europe and Korea!
Hey Bern, when did we go to war?
Congress is barking! But where is the bite.
No war, it's not our fight.
My guess is you're a bot...but if by some chance you're not maybe research why there is conflict in Syria!!!
Doesn't matter. It's not America's fight. 
We shouldn't be at WAR periord. Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, various other countries we have no right to be in.
Grab you pacifier and go to your safe space and have a time out
Ya @DavidWayward no pick new account..nothing productive to say....definitely bot...
Dear Mr Stink, I thought you and Mrs Stink were still dead.
Yes yes Bernie you go I'm with you 100 percent on this yes congress makes the decisions on what to do but president trump he thinks he can do whatever he wants to well he needs congress approval I agree with you Bernie you are such an amazing and incredible man thank you
Stand ip to him , congress should approve our country  getting into a conflict
Ummm, No shit Sanders! @POTUS owns the USMC! The 1st IN & the Last out
um no. he owns them, but he doesn't let the generals do their thing until after Congress authorizes it. It's in the g.d. Constitution that the military is there to defend.
Wrong again
To whom are you speaking. I know I’m correct. The socialist and the wanna-be prof need a buttstock to their head
What comment are you responding to?
Too late. You already abdicated it.
Good thing the Executive Power was vested in a president who shall be Commander-in-Chief of military forces and not the senate, otherwise the enemy would have killed us off by the time any of you even make a fart. Oh, and War Powers Act says different.
Where were you when the unconstitutional DACA program was launched?
You already did when you allowed #Obama to bomb #Syria & #Iraq, conduct raids in #LIbya and #Pakistan and regularly launch drone attacks worldwide.  Did not hear you complain then. Must stop excusing things when it's "your guy" because eventually it's someone else's guy.
Abdicate responsibility,really you and the rest of the stouges in Congress can't even pass a balanced budget and that is the responsibility of congress.
Where was that when Obama was bombing people
FOLLOWMEEE....

#TeamBernieSanders 

#TeamFollowBack
Go to the park.   Yell at the pigeons.
Your wrong. Reread the constitution
Actually Bernie congress declares war but the President can call air strikes in retaliation for what seria has done
Syria. If you want to point out that Trump can call air strikes that will kill Syrians please at least get the spelling of the country right.
Sorry didn't realize spelling changes the fact that you have no idea what you are talking about
Amazing when people want to bomb and kill other humans in a country they cannot even spell correctly. 

Transcending dehumanization.

Humanity at its finest! /s
Never said I wanted to bomb anyone. Simply pointing out the President has the authority. Something a man who has spent his life in congress would certainly know.
You're so intellectually dishonest and disingenuous. It is so obvious to everyone. You're fooling no one.
There has been no declaration of war so you are making no sense as usual. The President, as Commander in Chief, has the power to launch military strikes such as this without consulting congress. How long have you been in government "service"?
It's not about "going to war" it's about whether a war exists. That's what Washington's Declaration of Neutrality clarified.
1a. The clear fact is, no State of War existed between Syria &the USA until the USA D-r(s) invaded Syria. Paradoxically, the problem is The War Powers "Resolution", which is an open ended Sense of Congress recognizing the US President as Commander and Chief and able to mobilize
2. That's how the U.S. Supreme Court views the status quo and I have to agree with that position. Until Congress acts otherwise these offensive wars commenced thru the Presidency will continue with impunity.
3. This has continued on for 40 some years. Presidents becaome more confident and offensive wars commenced by them become every day mundane tasks celebrated by the MSM and NFL Football fans standing for the song written about the war commenced by James Madison.
Let's see Eisenhower Republican got involved in the Korean War and towards the end of his term he sent some advisors to Vietnam Kennedy Democrat send more troops Johnson felt pushed by Congress to send even more soldiers Nixon - r sent a few more even though it was clear we 1 / 2
.
Going to war without congressional approval is the highest of crimes against the Constitution and The People of These United States. Any president who oversteps this red line must *immediately* be impeached and removed from office.
Lol @ the stupidity of this tweet. Completely uneducated response to a completely incorrect @SenSanders
No, he's right, read the following thread for the the details of why Trump's actions here were in fact illegal:
1. At the risk of trying to bring some nuance to Twitter, what follows is a #thread on U.S. law vis-a-vis the war powers, and why the legality of the #SyriaStrikes as a matter of U.S. law (to say nothing of int'l law) is both far from certain and revealing of far deeper problems:
Yo Bernie, you looking kinda filled in on your face. Is it alllllll that Clinton Cash? Fooood!!
Can you actually read? Try it before speaking. It works for the rest of us...
Who said anything about going to war? God your really stupid..
Looks to me like they're trying to blame Zuckerberg for the entire Russian meddling in our voting system to steer it away from the president Maybe?
The hearing is nothing about Russia meddling it is about users personal data being stolen. So no
They're trying to pin all of this on him so they could take the heat away from their mob boss Trump
Dream on. You people will believe anything as long as it is hating Trump. You people just will not believe the American people came out to vote against Hillary and it had nothing to do with what Russia did. She deleted evidence not Russia.
I came for a battle of wits you seem to be unarmed
No need to battle the truth.
Truth does not exist for you only the truth you want to believe
I Hope you "Run 4 President" in 2020 "Thank You".
Me to - grandpa will get his ass kicked!
Trump is impeached before or after starting WWIII?

covfefe

And in the same breath you want them to stop chemical bombing, you can wave your gunfire at them, that will stop them for sure
Why aren't they talking about that?
This is about the first smart thing you have said in years Bernie, the constitution requires Congress to declare war
Tonight's the night. Kiss your children as there will be no tomorrow.
No more wars for profit. #GigiforSenate
Who is making a profit from wars? Can’t wait for this answer.
Those corporations involved with the military industrial complex and their investors. Congress yearly passes a bill to continue funding the military industrial complex. Their must be a war or be over run with weapons. The 1% across the world. Who loses: Americans #GigiForSenate
They get the money even if there was not a war did you know that? Most get 5 year contracts the money asked for this time is to replace old out dated vehicles and arms. So really we don’t need war for them to make money.
As long as votes continue 2 fund the industrial complex, corporations will keep making weapons of mass destruction. Congress stops the money, & weapons will stop. So who is making the profit? Not the homeless, hungry women, children & families. #GigiforSenate #GigiForUs
You’re still alive?
Pretty juvenile comment. Oh, wait...*hairbows*
Says the woman too afraid to show her face
Lol, here ya go. Seriously though, Sen Sanders is one of the few members of Congress that has the interests of all Americans as his priority. He isn’t in Washington for the perks and kickbacks.
We also saw this old fool at an anti gun rally with armed guards protecting him.  Would you like to buy a cheap bridge out in the desert with a great view of the ocean?
"Gas-killing Animal?!?" You mean-Assad is going to defeat OPEC?!? That's not all BAD. ((-;
Please america.learn frim vietnam, learn from iran/iraq.
The only winning move is not to play
I totally agree
@PedroElFilosof1 eso es verdad.... o no?
You endorsed Clinton, and waste time and resources talking about Trump. Let's discuss Isis leader  John McC or the NWO. You became so irrelevant to the people. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #HRCVideo #qanon #MAGA #ReleaseTheVideo
You're fucking delusional.
There is no NWO.
Don't blame me I voted for Hillary
really... must have missed that line of bullshit when Obama did the same thing... oh but he's a Democrat so he gets a free pass right? Just retire already, senility has cleared kicked in
"I'm deeply concerned that these strikes could lead to the United States once again being dragged back into the quagmire of long-term military engagement in the Middle East."
- Sanders, 2013

Try again
We should stay out of it!
We should not stand up for the individuals who are under attack by their own government?
We should sit back in our comfortable nation calling our president a traitor while other countries are physically killing their citizens with chemical weapons?
Does it make sense to be silent
Name one year we have not had an active military since 1914?
We have never ended The Great War it has only evolved.
If we do nothing then it is the same as being a Nazi.
I care and love everyone and I will not be silenced when people are suffering and we can stop it.
Even more of a reason to stay out! Let’s finish our other wars 1st
Come on up to Canada Mr.Sanders, we need your common sense in all levels of government here
No.. we already have an idiot who runs things based on what he feels instead of reality, we dont need another.
We're not at war with Syria. I know George is paying you to be "outraged" but you're pretty much an idiot at this point.
Oh Bernie your such an angry man aren’t ya! There was no war so just go back to bed & mind your business. Our President’s got this under control.
We MUST help these people and get Assad off the planet. We must support Israel.....our greatest ally!  Netanyahu is the only one that seems to have any common sense!
1 Did getting Gadaffi off the planet bring stability? Or Saddam? Both of these countries have been unstable ever since, with loss of 100s of thousands of civilian lives & millions displaced. And Netanyahu? He has total disregared for [Palestinian] life. Why wd Syria be different?
So you believe if they were not removed lives would have been saved knowing these men have killed thousands? May I ask what kind of logic that is? Millions displaced themselves no way you are pushing me from America unless it is 6 feet down.
Eat shit comrade Sanders
We are still fighting the Taliban and ISIS in Syria. Now would you rather have our military gased even by mistake or just send missles in the take out their ability to gas humans? Anyone who had not been on the receiving end shouldn't make stupid comments.
Besides that the President can send Marines to any part of the world to fight as if a full scale war with no approval of Congress. So there is that !
We aren't going to war, you're becoming really senile. Maybe they will put you and that embez,eling wife in jail so you can take a break.
Article 2, Section 2man!
Ummm. Sorry Bernie. There's a Wars Power Act in place signed in by congress 1973. Trump has every right. Better than waiting on the swamp. #Syria
"...it is Congress, not the president, who determines whether our country goes to war. Congress must not abdicate that responsibility."

Sorry, Bernie, it appears they already have.
Who said anything about going to war? We are smarter than you think.
Did they not teach you American Civics I'm school
We didn’t go to war schmuck!
Change your depends and go to bed old man!
I lived off others until I got elected....and still live off others.  I offer what other people earn to those who don't earn a damned thing and take credit for it, I'm the pied piper of morons who want what others have, my name?  Bernie Sanders.
.. Go F @SusanSarandon
What does that mean?
Susan Sarandon & Bernie spread lies HRC was gonna start WW3 with Russia which was a total lie - now Sanders ranting after he helped get Trump elected! You love the environment & animals & no presidency had hurt them like Trump’s - Sanders & Jill Stein gave us Trump
No one is asking you to support Senator Sanders. Just like it's not his fault that people didn't vote for HRC, the worst candidate in history, based on polling data. She ran a weak, unexciting campaign that failed. You should look to who's leading now & to the future
No one ls leading ... Except Trump & his racist klan - hope that is exciting enough for you
If you conflate Trump's chaotic & unstable behaviors with "leading" maybe you should consider signing up for a community college class in composition, logic, critical thinking or philosophy
Have you heard of sarcasm - the buffon isn’t fit to lead a spoon into his mouth
Whether you like it or not they used chemical weapons to attack innocent lives.
No action by Congress is equivalent to being in charge of the gas chambers during WWII!
Arrest every Nazi collaborator who doesn’t believe we need to take authoritative power to overthrow this regime!
We have been in Afghanistan since the 80’s!
We have been in Iraq since the 70’s!
Every time a Democrat takes office the blow off our operations for freedom and the areas becomes destabilized and controlled by murderous dictators.
Stop the war by finishing it!
Represent innocence!
It is absurd to think that we should sit by and watch as an other Nazi sympathizer rise to power and start creating an environment that does not support the ideas of Freedom and human Rights!
All the blood of the innocent is on your hands but being a socialist you don’t care?
After all history is not your strong point…
#Sad!
COMPLACENCY HELPS NO ONE!
From the idiot who sold out to Crooked Hillary!
Like the rest of us, he had to choose between trump and hillary 
Wasn't a hard choice...#MAGA
Orange Plague is broadcasting US military strategy on Twitter 

When is Congress going to DO SOMETHING?

How about an Emergency Session or a Bill?

Or are you guys all completely bought & paid for by the military industrial complex
Lol, your ignorance is very comical.
Have you ever left the US or whatever town you're from?

What was the last book you read?
Many times and the last book I read was the unarmed truth
What did you learn from all your travels
That it’s expensive as hell to travel and no matter where you go all the people are the same.
You abdicated everything else, including your responsibility to your followers by being bribed by Hillary
Congress already did in 1973.  However, it's disingenuous of you to remain silent when Obama used your law and now, when Trump does, you squeal like a pig.  Didn't you spend your honeymoon in Russia?  You seem to like Putin enough.  So did "flexible" Obama.
#BankFraudBernie
Read our laws not your 3rd world countries laws
He has 60 days read the constitution...did you object when Obama used his war power?
Typical lib move contort a story into a complete lie. War wasn't declared on anybody.
We didn't go to war.
You can't even buy a clue and have shown your ignorance of @potus powers as president. You sir, with all due respect, are not fit for office if you know not of the Laws you would take an oath to defend.
In 2016 alone, Obama dropped 12,192 bombs on Syria & 12,095 bombs on Iraq. Where were you then?
Didmt obama drop 12k bomb on syria after telling congress he didnt need them tp thier faces? Selective sanders...take another envelope and go away.
.

Whether bank fraud Bernie likes it or not, @POTUS was well within his legal authority to do exactly what he did.  Go away Communist!  We want no part of your disgusting ideology.
So I assume you plan to bring Obama up on war crime charges!

Or is this just more faux outrage?
Your words clearly confirm your lack of knowledge of our constitution and the World Powers Act of 1973! Rather you put on a show and spew propaganda and untruths about a serious issue with respect to chemical weapons sites that were targeted! Shame on you!
This is YES, IF this was a 'war' like  libs are calling it. This was a strike, targeting nothing but chemical weapons, that Obama lied & said were gone!

Stop using EVERY move our president makes to bash him! STOP playing politics & STAND together as Americans!
Stop being stupid
Bernie Sanders please go stroke out somewhere asap
Number one we are not at war. Number two we had troops there so he had every right. Not that you have a job to do other than lie cheat and steal go do your job. Hillary Clinton cheated you and also pointed outThat you are a complete fraud at best
STOP acting like you know US history. You are a loony from way back
Aren't you already at war? The past 20 years?
Good Lord old man, you really don't know much about gov. do you??!! And YOU wanted to run this country, oh my dearest, the horror...the horror!
It’s not war
Bernie...your Russian ideas will never work in our country.  We Americans love liberty, justice and the pursuit of happiness, while you and your backward thinking Socialists strive for another Venezuela.  Do give up your sick thinking.
And Vietnam was what?-iraq? Afghanistan? You're beginning to bore me.
What is wrong with you when did we declare war you have lost it people under 200 shouldn't be in the Senate
Where was Bernie when Clinton and Obama did the same thing?  I think it is clear Bernie is a partisan hypocrite.
Bullshit.
This guy should be given a can of play dough and a quiet space.  And THERAPY!  A socialist!!  What State in their right mind would put a socialist into the Senate?  Oh, Vermont - figures.  Elect this guy out of office!!  He’s a nut case!
Perhaps u haven’t heard of the war powers resolution of 1973 or ur just lying as usual about the authority that trump had to make that decision. Congress can’t even agree on a budget decision and we r supposed 2 wait while congress decides whether we should strike an enemy.
WAR
POWERS
ACT
For God's sake.
In a statement to the Washington Post Saturday, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders declared his support for the Obama administration’s current policy of bombing Islamic State of Iraq and Syria
No one is going to war Bernie! Just calm down comrade and enjoy socialism!
Fool
Go to bed Bernie. You sold yourself. #MAGA
Maybe YOU should spend more time LEARNING your job. Try reading the constitution. Hint: Start with article 2. You're welcome 
Only thing I think is someone is getting ready to go down, and everyone is trying to side track us from seeing that. McCabe? Hillary?
Shut up!
You’re full of yourself #BankFraudBernie....... Obama and Hillary fried your brain cells. Try going back and refreshing what’s left up there as to the power the president has when it comes to military action. You’re not in middle school anymore. You have to keep up.
War was not declared, Bernie.
Daphne’s right, Bernie.
Please clean out your office and go home.......please you're  embarrassing my intelligence. .
You are flat out wrong, Bernie. And how come you never said this when Obama was blitzkrieging the heck out of Syria??
We are not at war, you old fart! It was a limited precision strike to cripple Syria's chemical weapon capabilities in response to Assad gassing civilians. The President was well within his power to order that strike.
Bernie, stop lying to your ignorant base.  Go back to Civics 101 class and read ALL the articles of the constitution.
@SenSanders Socialist Crazy Ass 'O'
That's not the law. Yes, Congress has been abdicating its responsibility for a long time, through several presidencies. That's no reason to continue to abdicate responsibility. And your Cliff Notes "100 day" rule isn't the real law. That's make believe
1973 War Powers Act. Read it and stfu
I'm familiar with the WPA. Now tell me again, where's your "100 day" rule from?
The Senate is dead.. they don't do crap but argue and canvive
Wether Bernie likes it or not, there's a document called The Constitution that says you're flat out wrong. Again. 

#FeelThatBern
So proud of Our President.....amazed at his strong Leadership
“As a mother of two children, as a wife of a combat veteran, I am unbelievably proud of how President Trump has looked at the information.”~@nikkihaley makes remarks on Syria before UNSC meeting 
Its time for you to go-Americans have felt the Bern far to long...u liberal communist have tried & just abt suceeded in destroying America...Bern u are seriously losing it cause u cannot keep straight what congress & POTUS have authority over!
You’re still alive? Impressive.
“You are a moron. War Powers Act of 1973 clearly allows a President 60 days to use military force until having to go in front of Congress. Every President has used this authority constitutionally over the past 40 years, including Obama where you stayed selectively silent.”
You lost. It’s over. Give it up, Grandpa. Your time is passed. You are not relevant.
Foooken tool is what you are!
Go away bro and pay back what your wife stole !!!
Show me the declaration of war.
Damn Bernie, doesn’t look like anyone cares what you think anymore! Go away please!
Just retire already
Bernie went from DNC victim to DNC stooge.  What happened to you Bernie?! 

Haven't we been at war for years? This isn't new!
Hey dip shit Sanders you lost you aren’t potus you don’t make those decisions when obama did it when Clinton did it that was ok just retire you hypocrite oh by the way this comes from another independant
Oh fuck Bernie. Ride off into the sunset, your opinions mean nothing. How’s the bank fraud going?
And this yoyo was running for President? 

Do ya want a do over Bernie?
Hey Bernie guess what , he's in charge  not your old theiving ass !
That guy from the Muppets is still alive?
It was pointed out earlier how much more power the president would have by congressional authorization.
Dementia Bernie....  Just go away Bernie.  Oh and STFU.
Bernie, I searched for your same outrage and sense of duty when Obama bombed without asking Congress, but can't find it. Could you guide me to where I can find your previous statements, on this matter?
Hey Bern, feel your own burn...
1) Read War Powers Act of 1973, moron. @POTUS has EVERY RIGHT to do ANYTHING militarily! 

2)You people cannot even get cabinet pple confirmed after A YEAR AND A HALF!! You think pple in dire circumstances have time to wait for your obstructionist a**es?? 

Go away @SenSanders
Let me be clear! Hillary/DNC cheated and you did nothing but take in millions from supporters! She owned you!
Stop your stupidity and attacks on our President. Patricia are fed up with you
Nobody has declared war, idiot.
We didn’t go to war.
Bernie - please go away
Please go away.  Go retire to one of your Clinton houses.
Hey Bernie - The War Powers Resolution requires the  President to notify Congress within 48 hours of committing armed forces  to military action & forbids armed forces from remaining for more than 60 days,  No Wonder Congress has an 11% approval rating Stop BSing the People.
What is a Communist?  Just a Socialist who is in a hurry.
If he were a Democrat or @BarackObama you’d be praising him!! You #hypocrite
Bernie... I think u've had too much Ben & Jerry's.Ur recall of our laws, past precedence, etc are pretty shaky. Did u use the same language against Obama in Libya for that 7 month campaign?
Time to hang it up Bernie...ur going to need more time anyway to visit the wife in prison
I guess if the President had been a democrat a call for a military strike would have been okay. The democrats hypocrisy is nauseating.
No one is going to war you old fool! Don’t you know anything? Or are you just a liar?
Dig deeper dude!  The President had every right to move on this!  Wow, we dodged a bullet with you!  I guess Hillary did us at least one favor! #Cheaters
He went didnt he and didnt need your go ahead he is are president not you so grow up old man he is are president not you and your NEW WORLD ORDER  so shut up we will never make you a leader so retire and go to the old ppls home till you turn to dust and become a flink in are usa
Hey Bernie, hows the corruption and fraud investigation of your wife going?
Betcha you wish you'd given a damn about Hillary's emails.
Whether or not Socialist @SenSanders likes it or not

@realDonaldTrump, not Congress is Commander in Chief who determines when we make military strikes
.@realDonaldTrump has authority under Art II of the Constitution to launch strikes in support of US national security interests…
Bernie, the Senate can't work it out to confirm a cabinet post and you want the president to disregard his authority under the war powers act and come to you for a decision? Thank God you will never be president.

Sour grapes, Bernie. Go away.
Yeah sorry Bernie, no body is going to war. Calm down, eat your pudding and head to one of your many estates to relax.
hypocrisy- Obama came to office pledging to end George W Bush’s wars, he leaves office having been at war longer than any president in US history; in 2016 alone, the Obama administration dropped at least 26,171 bombs- DID BERNIE COMPLAIN ONCE?
Democrats, who have absolutely no regard for the Constitution, believe they're in a position to determined what's unconstitutional.
Democrats, who break whatever law strikes their fancy, believe they're in a position to determine what's illegal.
Shut up Bernie
I was busy doing my taxes. Are we at war?
The strike isn’t a war,,, it’s a clean up from obama lies
