Maybe they should stop being terrorists and the blockade will end. Instead they wanna burn shit and break fences and go crying to the U.N.
Except they're not but hamas is and yes they should get help from the u.s because israel was started on Palestinian land by the u.n which for the most part has ignored Israel's crimes against the Palestinians likely because of the u.s and israel alliance.
Amber, what do you know about the founding of Israel?
You mean the Israel that was in existence 3,000 years ago before Roman and Arab conquests or the newly re-established Israel from 70 years ago?
The founding of the State of Israel, Amber. What do you know?
I already told you. Jews lived there thousands of years ago, got kicked out & they returned in 1948. I'm not writing an essay. But there was never a nation called "Palestine." It's Israel and modern-day Jordan.
You don't know about the founding of Israel and you don't want to learn. Shocker.
Nah, you just follow the Pal-LIE-stinian version.
Im sorry. Why should we? Why is it always the west having to fix the middle east? Explain what is the cause of middle Eastern problems? 

Think long and hard.
umm....The western countries themselves ? You seriously need to read some history you know.
Israel is the only real civilized culture in the region. So please leave out on the whole "free Palestine" stuff.
@lizspeck תראי את השקרן הזה
I've always supported Israel but the actions they've been taking these last years are wrong! American's need to stand up & say "ENOUGH"! Their actions dishoner those who died & survived the death camps! I see the same cruel tactics once used against them, now used by them!
TRUE
I do highly appreciate all justice & humanity loving people who stand firmly by the side of those deprived of their human right, I do highly appreciate those who are brave of say the truth about justice & fight for truth & justice
You are ignoring the palestinians responsibility for this situation.The Hamas is not a peaceful organization. They have all resources needed to build a peaceful country. But they choose war. You cannot look at history through a straw...
is  do you understand the fact that Hamas came to power as the situation became more severe for the palestinan people, they wanted someone to save them from opression and Hamas promised that. Now there is barely any violent resistance and the Israeli jackboot tramples them.
I can't stand people who justify violence as a means to a political end.
Ever since the 1940s, #Israeli emigrants who came to #Palestine from European countries used violence to occupy peaceful Palestinian homes & lands, then used violence in the form of wars to occupy more lands regardless of all #UN resolutions demanding Israeli withdrawal
As grown-up man you should know the history. In 48 Israel was attacked by the arabs all around. The arabs lost. In 67 they wanted to wipe out Israel, they lost again. In 73 again, they lost. The Gazains can live peacefully if the will, but they choose otherwise
Your History lesson is false, #Zionist #Terrorist gangs hagannah; irgun; stern which Britain army armed and protected, attacked & massacred peaceful #Palestinian towns, Yes Arabs lost the war, but this was due to the fact that all surrounding Arabs where under British occupation
Bernie join @IfNotNowOrg
Also, @mattduss join @IfNotNowOrg
israel needs to be destroyed
How about a war on poverty in the u.s?
No dear, no war shall be launched on poverty in the #US as long as favorite baby of #AIPAC #Israel sucks all the funds
And that should include complete as possible compensation for the murdered and expelled and all the other horrors brought on the Palestinians in these last 70 years. No way out of it, COMPLETE COMPENSATION, APPOLOGIES AND ALL
Apologies? These are crimes against humanity! They should be jailed!!
Absolutely. I didn't mean just an "I'm sorry" and we're even apologies, I mean punishment and recompense in deeds. Listen I have no problem with some executions here like for Libermann for one single example.
SO many suffering nations much bigger than Palestine are getting genocided, are starving, abused - and as usual, you just forgot about them. Everything for the Palestinian propaganda religion, you divert your attention based on the reporters in Gaza, who can't go to other places
No dear, it is because #Israel is the baby of surrogate mother #USA
Why is Bernie supporting Hamas Nazis
Palestinians proudly fly Swastika flag in Gaza 
You're tilting at windmills.  Fix campaign finance first.  Then fix campaign finance.  After that you can work on campaign finance.  You fight the military industrial complex by severing their control of the purse strings, not by whining about humanitarian disasters.
Perhaps the Palestinians should stop killing Jews.
Perhaps the Jews should stop illegally taking Palestinian land, demolishing Palestinian homes, and denying Palestinians basic human rights. Let's start there.
I want geographic locations, rulers, etc
Immediately resorts to an attitude. Quite typical of someone speaking about something they know nothing about, and are called out on it. I already know, I don't need to Google it. But you know that, that's why you turned to insult. The reaction of a small mind.
A person who acts like he doesn’t know the geographical locations and acts like a smart ass deserves a little something to get him straight.
O didn't act like anything. I asked you a question. Did you think all of your teachers, employers, or even relatives were smart added when they asked questions to see if you knew something? Doubt it. You were talking blindly & got caught & can't handle it.
U have great talent at pretending like u weren’t asking a stupid question.
There truly is a humanitarian crisis in Gaza. With all due respect, Israel has made many attempts at peace with Gaza But the hardline anti-Israel Hamas-led government refuses to negotiate, even in the face of the benefits of a first world life for their citizens.
With all due respect, Israel has made no attempt at peace with Gaza.  It has been strangling and de-developing the place for many years.  Ask Amira Has the Israeli journalist.  She lived there before the Israeli gov made her leave
Isreal left Gaze! Now Gaze controled by Hamas. Since than nothing good happening in Gaze all resources are for teror. Most of the goods entering Everyday to gaze come through isreal and not Egypt!
Yes, so the little that gets in2Gaza comes from Israel, which profits in every possible way from its hold on Palestinians.  They tax things going in& they tax things going out.  Pity the ppl of Gaza, ruled by Hamas& totally controlled by Israel!
Well we could do that, or we could work towards getting teachers paid more and college education less expensive. Pick your battles Bernie, pick your battles.
The behavior of the Likud party is disgusting not only to the rest of Israelis but to the rest of the world.
I totally agree with you, this extremist right wing government of #Israel has made a lot damage to any possible peace in the region
.https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2018_Gaza_border_protests … #molotovCocktails #RockThrowing #TireBurning&Rolling #QasamBrigade members with AK-47s . #NotApeacefulPtotest
The Israeli hasbara department hasn't shown one piece of evidence of AK-47s.  If the Palestinians can document the murders, why hasn't Israel documented their 'evidence'?
https://unitedwithisrael.org/watch-gaza-riots-choreographed-violence-was-no-peaceful-protest/amp/?__twitter_impression=true …
Why do you hate your own people so much?
How is being against the sniping of unarmed citizens hating his people?
Why are HAMAS fighters hiding in crowds of women and children?
Because it's a tiny strip of land and there's no room for bases. Remember when Americans became militants over taxes?
I recall they didn't use women and children as shields.
How are people behind a barrier wall any kind of threat?
Ask them. They are the ones that keep lobbing rockets and mortars over it.
Post proof of rocket fire by Palestinians at the recent protests
This is how Hamas uses children to harm Israel's border fence
Photos distributed by the IDF show how Hamas uses children and teens to carry out terror attacks against Israel.

@Claire_Voltaire oh look who's speaking up about Gaza again
Ugh.
Any statement yet on all the innocents gassed to death in Syria?
Half a million killed, 12 million displaced from their homes.
Stop your leftist BS. @Israel wants to build a future. Hamas and their supporters wants to build a future where Israel doesn’t exist and Jews are exterminated. #NeverAgain
Palestinians are led by Hamas, whose leaders don’t want a 2 state solution! Hamas always called for genocide of all Jews and the DESTRUCTION of Israel!! read their charter: There is no negotiating PEACE with that “all or nothing” mindset that uses their people as pawns & shields
When the Palestinians took over Gaza it was a working running neighborhood then they took all the resources built IDs bombed there is really neighbors and then complain that they had no resources it's their own fault
Supposed to say Israelis not is really LOL
Israel is only defending itself
By killing unarmed citizens!?
Pay attention. Hamas is leading these demonstrations and is armed and homicidal. They use unarmed women and children to hide behind.
Armed? With what?
IEDs
There is a current debate here in the UK on antisemitism. So many seem unable to differentiate between mistreatment of Jewish people and criticism of the Israeli state's treatment of the Palestinians. Your speech identified so much human suffering by those in Gaza etc.
This photo says it all about #Judaism vs #Zionism
The situation in Puerto Rico and other areas of America is a humanitarian Crisis. We can’t even help our own people.
Yes K Gmo @kmosquared , you can't even help your own people because BILLIONS of dollars are given to #Israel FREE, 
#US Taxpayer money is used to finance the #Israeli war machine & Israeli war crimes & Israeli occupation,,, this is why
It's neat that Sanders is using public resources from his Senate office to produce videos in favor of Palestinian human rights.
PEACEFUL PROTEST  GAZA
#BoycutIsrael They seem to understand no other humanitarian level than us arms support? 

Big worry of any sander precidency, is if serious in justice against the genocide of palistinians there? I say you are, even if a jew. But you will need to show it. By words and intentions.
He's literally the only Senator to make a statement this direct. Maybe start your skepticism with the 99.9% of congress that haven't said a word.
Think so too. But needs to be even more clear on Israel...And their abuse against Palistinians. This comment is too weak..US is an Israel plutocracy. Will sander stop it?
If he were President he could. It wouldn't be popular. As a Senator though, no chance. All he can do is lend his voice to counter the indoctrination about Israel and the ME. I do agree with you. He should make a stronger statement.
@realDonaldTrump Can we fix this? #LetsGo
@realDonaldTrump is a man supportive of all crimes committed by his baby #Israel.
He is the surogate father of #Apartheid #Israel
What about syria? Did u know how the arabs lives inside Israel? Quality of life enjoying Democracy like in no other Arab countries. Let me know in which arab country the arabs enjoying democracy and freedom like Israel? And for Gaze, Israel left and not controling Gaze! For years
I would like to read this article published today in an Israeli news paper:
  https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-shin-bet-sharp-rise-in-attacks-on-palestinians-by-jewish-extremists-1.6015038 …
Sharp Rise in Attacks on Palestinians by Jewish Extremists in West Bank
Lol, you should do your research much better. Check how many Israelies were stabed by Palastinians. Check how many died in the last year! Babies while they are sleeping You realy want to check the numbers? Your argue is a joke sorryCheck for the last 50 years the numbers. Im here
For your info @naor_tzadok
These are just few sample photos of the massacres committed by the #Israeli #Zionist #Terrorist gangs "hagannah; irgun; stern" back in 1948. These are the riginal terrorist gangsters responsible for massacring 10s of 1000 of civilian #Palestinians
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1929_Hebron_massacre …
One day, you will learn the lesson of history and may, I say may regret what massacres & crimes you have committed in #Palestine, if not you #NewNazi #Zionists, it will be your sons
we cant really shape the middle east...there's so many factors of religion and "democratic" governments that it's a cluster storm...
No you can,,,,,,,
Your limitless support of #Israel is the key problem, your #US taxpayer money granted to Israeli war machine is the problem, your government's continued refusal to acknowledge the #Palestinians human rights is the problem
If the US didn't fund Israel's military please tell me that all the surrounding counties wouldn't occupy the Israelis. Please tell me you believe that.
I'm tired of my tax dollars going to support the utterly evil government of Israel in its occupation & murder of the Palestinian people. Israel became the thing it was fleeing in Germany. It now deserves to be occupied & left without protections provided by American taxpayers.
You extremists seem to all argue upon the same rhetoric that's essentially based in anti-semitism and media-based ignorance. It makes absolutely no sense. Ps: illegally crossing a boarder is not limited to Palestinians. If you crossed the US boarder from Canada youd be shot too.
Yes. So many Americans are being shot by Canadian Mounties these days. It's a real crisis.
Wasn't my point. Point was that crossing boarders arbitrarily is illegal, which is why some Palestinians have been killed. No regard for international law yet calling for the UN to condemn Israel constantly.
I'm not calling for the UN to condemn Israel. I'm calling for my country to stop funding illegal occupation & wholesale murder & stop protecting the country committing those acts with its weapons.
Would you please remind us what Democrats did under Obama rule @SenSanders ? Democrats signed off for the most important funds to Israel of the history : 38 billions $ to arm killers and finance apartheid for the next 10 years. #FreePalestine.
Bernie is not in agreement with the democrats on a lot of issues. He's independent for that reason. He is more in line with democrats on policy but on this issue he is on the right side. He seems to support the Palestinians. So what is he to do about the democrats position?
@SpaceCheef We cant save the world its not our job, we need to take care of our own first, we are always the bail out & savors!
In this case do you agree we should stop sending Israel aid money and stop vetoing UN sanctions on its behalf?—because that’s a start.
What's the matter with you? Why are you pushing for the destruction of your own people? Why do you hate Jews so much?
Don't be disingenuous. We are calling out the violence of the Israeli state. Not Jews. Don't conflate that
And yet you don’t call out the violence from Hamas. Seems like you and CNN do have a lot more in common.
I very much do call out the violence of Hamas. Do you call out Israel?

And if anything, CNN is neutral or openly supporting Israel and these murders
Thing is I live in Israel so I do have the integrity of knowing what is right and what is wrong. Perhaps you should realize how much the US has done to keep the world from tearing apart. But you look at all actions as acts of violence. #snowflake
So true. It's unfortunate that too many who live here in the US have such a simplistic view of world politics. He said "f*ck all of them." So sad that critical thinking is dismissed now. I fear for our future with so much ignorance displayed about.
The Israelis are not interested in a reasonable solution to the problem!
That is the key word, #Israelis are not interested in peace, they are not interested in adhering to international law or to all #UN resolutions they have accepted back in 1949
The only thing israelies don't seek is being murdered brutally by jihad people. If Hamas ask Israel's help to clean gaza's water and promise to stop it's violence in return, Israel will help.
That is nonsense, #Israelis have been murdering #Palestinians ever since the 40s of last century. Read about it & find out how many Palestinians got killed by the Israelis,,, Do you as well expect a person whose house was stolen by strangers to kiss them & say take it please
#israelirs dont murder #Palestinians. They fight them while protecting Israel's borders. Hamas got tons of $ from Kuwait in 2014, and didn't use it to build Gaza. I repeat: if Hamas seeks Israel's help it'll get it after promising to stop the violence. Try it.
I would like to read this article published today in an Israeli news paper:
  https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-shin-bet-sharp-rise-in-attacks-on-palestinians-by-jewish-extremists-1.6015038 …
Sharp Rise in Attacks on Palestinians by Jewish Extremists in West Bank
And Hamas is still sacrificing it's people for a lost cause 
Sadly i can see Bernie wanting to be a human shield for Hamas in a school
but right NOW the US must ACT to STOP israel attacking occupied people even as i type #GreatReturnMarch
Stop giving $$ 2 Israel. Stop selling them weapons at cost. Demand they leave the land they have stolen & pay reparation.
What Gaza blockade? Food is hauled in by the truckloads, Israel supplies the water     what blockade?  Do u mean the sea blockade b/c if free Iran will just move in there with ships.
I disagree... we should stay the fuck out of people’s shit which is better for our national security
The reason Israel can exist as an apartheid state is because we completely support it in every way. If you're really against intervention, you're with Bernie on this.
Tell me how the Jewish communities in the Islamic countries are making out
They live a life equal to all other citizens, ask about it.

also, here are some anti-#Israel #Jews
Israel has gone too far with this. Use non-lethal means, do whatever, but it just goes to show how the victims (of the Holocaust) can easily become the oppressors, given the means and the circumstances. And they learned it from the best...the Nazis!
Why is there not any mention of Hamas? Israel doesn’t “control” Gaza, Hamas does.
Well instead of trying to co exist with Native America’s we just exterminated them. So hard to take a high horse here. When it comes to Israel neither side is willing to accept the other and co exist. It’s not right but it’s not our problem to fix when our country is so troubled.
How can you compare US troubles to the 50 year occupation & slaughter of Palestinians? Really?!
A thousand dollar emergency, we have trillions of dollars in student debt. Another Financial crisis looms. Yet we are to dump more military efforts in Middle East to now free Palestine. Quit supporting all of them decrease our military spending. Work with United
How about US stops the $38billion yearly funding of Israel. Maybe THAT could close the US deficit, help with student loans & fix the schooling system? What do u think?!
ANTI ZIONISM 
IS NOT 
ANTI-SEMITISM
For justice to prevail, UN partitioning resolution & resolutions 181 & 194 ordering the right of return of all #Palestinians, returning their stolen properties & compensating them for their losses, all committed to by #Israel but failed to comply to ever since 1949.
If Israel was to compensate the Palestinians would the Palestinians stop killing Israeli’s? The situation exist because of the violence perpetrated against Israel. Palestinians must agree to stop killing before anything happens
#Palestinians do never want to kill any one. Just think of it this way, if some strange people came from a different city & occupied you house by force & thrown you out, would you just accept it and live in your neighbor garage or on the streets or fight for your home?
To describe what's happening in #Gaza as "a humanitarian crisis" is tantamount to describing the #RohingyaGenocide  as a migration crisis. To whitewash the war crimes being committed by the last Apartheid regime in the world is to be an accomplice. #Peace!
And you think J-Street is Pro-Israel? They support BDS. Which by the way effects the jobs of Palestinians in Israel.
Hey Bernie how would you react to these terror tunnels in Vermont
Israel has stolen their land, murdered them, and continues to steal their land--with US money that you approve of giving them.
That is right, this is why #Israel gets away with murder with no body can hold Israel accountable for its crimes & International law violations
Hundred of thousands of Syrian people were murdered because Obama was a weak president. Imagine if you were president. Omg the world would turn into another holocaust.
Obama was 'weak on Syria'?  But his government were funnelling thousands of dollars of arms into Syria, thereby fuelling the uprising, which then turned into a violent civil war.
Then you can say Obama was responsible for the deaths and nerve agent used since he made the rebels too powerful.
Let them have Jerusalem and the West Bank back.
Because when Jordan controlled the West Bank the cause of Palestinian sovereignty was so...oh wait that's not Jews so never mind
Now what, Mr Zionist, has that got to do with what's happening today?  You are supporting murder and war crimes.  You are in denial or you lack common decency and humanity.
I was responding to the notion of "returning" the West Bank. Try to keep up.
WHAT ABOUT FLINT MICHIGAN???!!! 5 YRS LATER NO CLEAN WATER.
Yes, "WHAT ABOUT FLINT MICHIGAN???!!! 5 YRS LATER NO CLEAN WATER"
Dear @BrownIdahor, your taxpayer money in $ billions are annually given as grants to support #Israeli military occupation of the #Palestinians. Start asking your government & Senator about it
Yes, and millions going to Palestinian terrorists as well. We should stop all money to either party and let them deal with their own issues.
Dear  Enna pietrantoni @Ennapietranton2 , I would say that your suggestion is the best, #Palestiniand do not need your help with may thanks, just stop pouring billions of dollars into #Israel, you will be much appreciated
Bernie, only "you" could save the entire world!
Mr. Sanders, you are my choice going forward. I would have voted for you last time if you were not, unjustly pushed aside. You are the true one. Just one thing must happen - no lobbing .. no lobbing in politics. God Bless
Only when Gaza is liberal and without Hamas.  Only when the PLO accepts Isreal's right to exist and ends terror campaign of murdering Jewish and Christian children.
Thank you Bernie for calling out one of the greatest injustices of the modern era. 2 million people are besieged in a modern day concentration camp, the largest the world has ever seen
Thank you, Bernie!
It’s ALL in the hands of the Palestinians. Israel relinquished all claims to Gaza in 2005. Instead of taking the opportunity to build, the people led by Hammas made all the efforts to ignite the area. Where were you then? So please stop this blindness and distortion of truth
How is this not like concentration camps and genocide??
America needs to help America.
Certainly,,
Not just extend its hand in help of occupation forces elsewhere in the world, an occupation that lives on #US aid
Congress? They are worse than the POTUS. Keep speaking Bernie. It's the right thing to do but the real solution is to shut down AIPAC and ban Israel from lobbying in the USA.
Here is a brave point of view
Under Trump, U.S. Human Rights Report No Longer Calls West Bank 'Occupied'
Sadly, you have a warmonger at the #WhiteHouse
Opinions like this are why you would never be (s)elected to be president.
.https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestinian_stone-throwing …
"Some Palestinians were throwing stones, so we should shoot ~1500 of them with sniper rifles from long range" is your argument?
7 minutes without any word about the PLO-Hamas conflict, any word about the Abbas decisions to worsen the conditions in Gaza. No word on egyptian blockade. It's all about israeli fault. Congratulations. You're a champion to find a coupable. Please, remind me what is antisemitism?
I thought he said Israelis and Palestinians?? I think he wants peace more than any other politician. We rarely hear a peep from the establishment and criticizing him does nothing to better their lives.
This is what happens when you vote Hamas into power. The Palestinians were given a democratic election when Israel gave up the Gaza Strip and they voted for Hamas. Since then there's been no democratic elections at all.
blah blah blah ....the only reason why Hamas won was Israel remember 2014 ? when Israel blew up the strip ? or the many times before ?
Israel gave up the Strip for peace. What did they get in return? Hamas traning camps and occasional bombarding of missiles into Israel as well as arms smuggling from Egypt. Sure turned out great eh?
but we all know why Hamas won they helped people they smuggled in food and meds people who have nothing need help and when some one comes out and helps them they will support said people.
What about ending Hamas?
Does Hamas have an Army, Navy, Airforce? Are Palestinians armed to the teeth (& should be) like israelis?
Why do you think Islamic terrorists should be armed?
They aren't saying that Hamas should be armed. They are saying that the palestinians lack these things.
Because they're being controlled by a terrorist group, and all funds that were sent to them have been revoked by said terrorist groups to create more terror. Ex: terror tunnels to attempt to sneak into Israel.
Sorry but i don't understand your login. Palestine is funded by a terror groups and they arent reciving funding/arms to make them more violent? 
ya know since a military force without funding is more effective
#selfhateingjew
Critisising Israel is not the same as critisising Judaism.
America First Woodstock!
Yes, I agree, then please order your senators & governments to divert those $ Billions given to #Israel annually and just use the taxpayer money to help #US citizens get a nicer life
Jared Kushner was supposed to solve all this I thought
@jaredkushner is a #Zionist fanatic anti #Palestinian, He is a puppet of #Israeli Prime Miniter Benjamin Netanyahu, How do you suppose a fanatically sided person to solve a problem just fully
What do we do?? If we continue as is, more suffering in GAZA!! :( If Gazans  get freedom they seek, then Hamas, etc will take advantage of that. How do we have solution when (part, but not all) of Gaza will NOT budge from their position: the total annihilation  of the other side?
Just preserve the #Palestinians human rights, help them via forcing #Israel to adhere to its commitments toward all #UN resolutions, stop supporting Israeli war crimes towards the Palestinians, No Hamas will be there any more. Oppression of #Gaza people is what created Hamas
But it is Hamas that is oppressing Gazans, stupid.
Hey....'sir'...you did not just call me stupid, did u?? :(
Hi @KevinSuscavage, Who called you stupid? I never called any one stupid unless you are referring to someone else
I believe ynkutner??
ISRAEL RECEIVE  18 BILLIONS USA DOLLARS  EVERY YEAR 
AS DIFFERENT AIDS FROM AMERICAN'S TAXES MONEY. 

ABOUT 
49 MILLIONS USA DOLLARS 
EVERY DAY FROM AMERICAN'S TAXES MONEY 
from what I can see, Israel is totally evil....no other word can describe them...
No other word indeed
It’s sad to see so many human beings suffer. It’s high time that #Muslim countries step up and negotiate a peaceful settlement. The #US gets damned when it does, damned when it doesn’t. Where is #MBS and #KingofJordan. Need I say they are only concerned with their kingdoms.
Arabs & #Palestinians have so long been asking for a settlement of the crises based on #UN resolutions and International law. #Israeli right wing warmongers do never want a justful peace to prevail
I wonder why these 7,000 houses haven’t been rebuilt yet while Israel delivers cement to Gaza contently. Maybe cause #Hamas (which wasn’t mentioned in the video somehow) is busy using it to built terror tunnels. But that was excluded from the video like many other facts.
It's because of the israeli occupation. They are delivering cement to colonise palestine, not to share it with the people who's homes they've bombed.
U.S needs to stop supporting Israel’s Open Air Prison, illegal settlements & watching Israel shoot unarmed Palestinians in the back. U.S used veto how many times protecting Israel’s Crimes against Humanity? @realDonaldTrump & @nikkihaley @VP #Gaza
What open air prison . There are two exits Egypt and Israel. Hamas charge Israel a lot of money to allow travel passes to Jordan. Gaza has a 5 star hotel and 3 4 star hotels. Israel also has to protect its security.
U.S knows who is surrounded by the army & treated as if they are all terrorists.
The IDF is one of the world's most moral armies. They act in defence to prevent those that seek it's destruction. The Gaza fence is there for a reason.
It’s Moral for Israel to hold the entire population in a cage, not allow them to vote, restrict use of the ocean, what goes in & out & shoot to kill at random? It is not the definition of the word Moral or democracy. World has witnessed Israel’s Crimes.
Israel vacated Gaza In 2005 to the PLA. Hamas killed many PLA and were voted in. They then started firing thousands of rockets into Israel hence the blockade. Egypt also blockades. Hamas demand money from Israel to allow gazans to be given exit visas.  The gazans could have
Sen sanders, it’s not only Gaza, it’s all of occupied Palestine. Israel must be held to account for their policies regarding illegal colonization and their many human rights violations. People of the world want peace with justice. Who will represent the people?

Don't count on it. This will never happen.
The whole world is sick and tired of the Zionist idiology. The time has come for Israelis to choose between Democracy or Apartheid. The change will come sooner or later.
I guess you are "the world" representative. Zionism is the belief that Jews are entitled to their own national home.This will never pass. We kept the faith for 2000 years of exile until we returned home and built the only free democracy in the middle east.Suck on that for a while
Well, so far without the US vetos in the UN Israel would have many more resolutions aimed at their illegal activity.
Peace is possible if people of Israel and Palestine embrace each others as loving human beings while firing the current greedy and ineffective leadership! @BarackObama @VanJones68 @UN @TIME @CNN
Peace is possible if #US & #Israel address the fact that there are people there called the #Palestinians who have human rights and rights preserved by #UN resolutions which #Israel committed to but refuses to adhere to
Both sides may reach compromise sooner if religious and foreign leaders play honest brokers without ulterior motives!
Have you tried to compromise with Islamist terror organizations?
Why hyphenate criminals along with religion even though they may be raised in religious environments including Hitler. Ulterior motives are in question when someone instigates or accepts the term of religious terror which contradicts with the core philosophy of any religion.
The only people who relate religions to terror are those pro-Israeli crimes who try to relate #Islam to terror, they try their best to stamp anyone opposing #Israel or #Zionism as anti-Semitic, while no #Palestinian recognizes #Judaism as terror at all,
The entire civilized world (where people are actually able to read) relate terror to Islam and rightly so.

Israel is just like any other western secular country. A beacon of light in the ME.

Long live Israel!
How in God’s name is #Gaza livable today?! Where is our humanity that we tolerate our fellow beings living in such dangerous and desperate conditions, especially when we have leverage? @RepRaskin @RepTomGarrett
... Said while sitting behind the keyboard eating a snack and drinking a glass of white wine...
I’ve been to #Gaza. Seen the Israeli crimes first-hand. #BDS
I'm sorry but it's a little hard to believe it after all the fake news that the BDS is spreading all around Can you send a picture of you there?
Look at rubble behind. These were homes- innocent civilians. Still not rebuilt since 2009. Israel blockade won't allow heavy equipment & building material into Gaza. This is slow genocide. Agriculture on Palestinian land shrinking at alarming rate as Israel takes 80% of the water
Look, I know it's hard, but try for just one minute to be objective about what I'm asking U- would U give building material to people (hamas) who use it not to build homes but to build tunnels to get to your villages underground and kill your citizens? Because we did try at first
#Israel has not honored UN resolutions, continuing to steal land and water. Wouldn’t you resist occupation and genocide?
it's a little funny you always saying "genocide" when it seems you don't even know what it means (BTW, i think you do but it sounds better for your propaganda). read a little about what the jews experience in the holocaust and you will see that non of this happened to the gazans
You're out of your mind with this bull crap Senator. Praise God they'd never sell out their people to this lunacy you spout off.
What’s your deal
AIPAC  IS THE BIG CORRUPTION

TO  AMERICAN'S  JUSTICE
Definitely one of the main problems. Lobbyists like them have too much power and control over government. A disproportionate amount. Along with money in politics.
here’s what we got to do: somehow get the video of suffering children in front Ivanka, she’ll have daddy drop a bomb & Jared will continue to send $3 billion to Israel per Adelson
Can you try again to stop the genocide on Yemen? The vast   majority of the government isn't working for the American people, they're working for corporations & war profiteers. Besides the sheer immorality of it, this terrorism on Yemen is a tremendous threat to our own security.
World powers have had many years to address this matter. All of a sudden this is a crisis? It’s all a shameful political game. I have an idea. Let’s flood the area with more weapons. (Please forgive my sarcasm.)
Why don't bernie call out israel for war crimes? Crimes against humanity? Murder? Hello? Hello? Lukewarm phrases is just another washing hands of collusion that the usa shares with an illegal state of occupation
Ha visto quel sant'uomo di Hamas?
Abolish Israel?
Your justfull views dear senator Bernie Sanders @SenSanders, your appreciated believes of the human rights of the #Palestinians & your firm standing by justice for the Palestinians are the reasons why you lost your race to the #WhiteHouse,
He lost because America voted for Trump. Sanders is a socialist and we rejected socialism. Simple as that.
More specifically, the primary was stolen from him by Hillary.
Absolutely because Americans do not want Socialism in America. Look at the current climate of the Country and you will see that! #WeThePeople do not want #socialism to run this Great Republic! Ever!
The majority, thankfully. But skunks like Obama have tried to masquerade as moderates to fool people into voting for them. Only those who pay attention are not fooled but, sadly, many don't pay close attention.
Why don't we take of the people that live in the U.S. first? Bernie always like to spend someone else's money.
Who can and who will help Palestinians?
Maybe Jared should get on the front line to put his body where only his daddy-in-law wants him to go.
May be if surrogate father of #Israel @realDonaldTrump should just get his ass addressing the human rights of #Palestinians
End the illegal occupation and you end the war.
BOUT DAMN TIME SANDERS!!!
I agree,, in doing so (agree) I open myself up to being labeled an “ anti- Semite “. What would you do?would you call for a stop in “settlement”
I believe that had to be considered
There are no Jews aka "settlers" in Gaza. When they were pulled out Hamas took over and uses Gaza as a launching pad for attacks. So try again to understand the context.
The United States of War sells weapons to the Israelis so there is NO interest in upsetting a good customer.
Love you #Bernie
Why?
the people of Gaza want to wipe the Israeli’s of the face the earth.
Absolutely no support for the people in Gaza they get what they deserve.
The Bible says the land belongs to his people and that’s the Jews.   Palestinian people are Israel’s Mexicans
Bernie, you should toddle right over there. They need you.  After all, since Hillary cheated you out of the nomination, your work here is done.
The only intrest in Syria is to encircle Israel. It's noting to do with oil.Iran is doing all this.
Great plan....oh, no plan ? Just random thoughts ? Ponderous...
The US is complicit in this endless atrocity. They block every UN attempt to act. They provide tons of military / political support. Asking they be more helpful is to deny that reality. Demand they stop!
Nope, I am not going against Israel, the Lord said they are the chosen people, bless them and you will be blessed, curse them and you will be cursed. Can't be any more clear than that.
Thanks but everyone has their own God. How about the fact that Israel makes the desert bloom, treats injured Syrians and cures disease while Hamas looks to sacrifice Gazans for PR value.
No single word about the terror
Why not get your Ass out there Burnie
Total occupation and apartheid. Thank you for telling it the way it is
I support Palestinian people. And wish for PEACE for the Region.
Tant que Israël bénéficiera de l’impunité outrancière  rien de changera  ....
You are barking up the wrong tree!
Haha but that would go against the "prophecy" of the Israelites kingdom being resurrected and having the philistines annihilated. We should have chosen peace from the start.
Until we clean up corrupt politics in USA, we can't really help anyone else. It is now time for all parties to go extinct in USA. We deserve a true democracy where hateful, corrupt, incompetent people can't make it to positions of public trust. Out with the DEM/GOP. Vote on 11/6!
Palestinian isn't even real. The truth is it's a slang word created by the Romans to the Jews. These groups are terrorists occuping territory that belongs to the jews.
So Palestinians are descendant to the jews...
Because Hamas has nothing to do with it and is benevolent. You and those morons at J Street deserve all the vitriol that
Maybe if every resource and able bodied adult male in Gaza wasn't used to lob missiles and dig tunnels attacking Israel since every Jew was pulled out of Gaza things would be different?
Maybe if the U.S., along with western partners, would leave to manage their own countries and let the folks native to the area settle differences and find peace.
Can Bernie & followers distinguish how they always call out neo-Nazis and antisemitism, like Charlottesville, yet somehow support Palestinian narratives & protests despite their similarly waving Nazi flags and explicitly calling to kill Jews? Why the double standard? Never again?
We should actually just focus on building our infrastructure here at home and taking care of our own people. Islam is a rough subject we shouldn’t be meddling with.
Shut it. You’re old news.
We need to stop meddling in the middle East and concentrate on our own country.
why didn't you tell that to obummer?? Not a peep out if you then?
Now that's the BERNIE I KNOW AND WOULD VOTE FOR
Us gov is complicit in the creating a concentration camp in gaza then slaughter them while usa silent on full support  of the massacre !!
I’m confused so do we bud in foreign wars and conflicts or not at this point

Palestinian People, it's true to say much of the world is with you on this day - and from this day - 6/12/2017. Rest assured, you are not alone, you are most definitely in our thoughts, and will remain so. Your struggle is our struggle. In that, we are united.
Trump is responsible for the ignition of this crisis. Everything he touches goes bad. Praying that all goes well with North Korean talks. Boasting about himself is our downfall.
@SenSanders      Hey Bernie, does President Trump have to fix everything that is wrong with the world? You, Congress and Obama did nothing in 8 years and now you want everything fixed! Time to Drain The Swamp! 
Kiss my ass!
Ooooooooospy, I meant buttocks!
Thank you Bernie! 
We really need to stop the worlds police mentality. It doesn’t work out well.
@SenSanders I hear you & understand humanity but, that is not our war. We are having apartment complexes putting disabled and poor people out w/30 day notice. Happening n WA State, happening everywhere. Let's take care of basic needs of those in America 1st. #GigiforSenate
The United States has supported Israel unconditionally for decades, no matter how much it has abused human rights or broken international law.  Don’t think for a second that this issue doesn’t concern.
Well it shouldn't just like the saudi war in yemen shouldn't concern the u.s as both terrorist wars are funded by the u.s thanks to politicians who seem to see themselves one of those claws you use to get the prizes inside the machine and the world as the machine.
And your solution is . . . ?
The UN, Oxfam, B'tselen (not realy Israeli) are anti Israeli, one sided organizations. Security council dozens of decisions against Israel, no decisions against the PA, Syria and Iran. Doesn't it strikes you a bit odd?
I like your thoughts and concern about #Gaza
But not to forget that Bosh USA is a main part of the blockade against the people of Gaza just because the elected their representatives which those USA don't like
USA is participating in the blockade same as Isreal is
He refuses along with the GOP to improve here at home. So why would he care when Isreal is his "Friend"? Pushing to start a War with Iran.
Silly boy!

Israel isn't his friend
End all wars
Has anyone walked the streets of downtown Los Angeles? It looks like a concentration camp! And this Marxist is worrying about Gaza ! Let’s fix our streets before we start fixing the world!
USA is a dishonest partner , it will not happen, no matter who comes to power, real power is in the hands of Tel Aviv.
You mean Jerusalem? Israeli government is in Jerusalem, the capital city.
Lol...berniespeak
Idiot.
''It takes two to Tango,' as they say. Sadly, Palestinian political leaders, least of them, #Hamas in Gaza, never engaged in finding and securing a realpolitiks solution, which aims at peaceful coexistency.
It is a crisis, but it is definitely not Israel’s fault.  Disengagement happened in 2005.  Focus the blame on the officials who steal their people’s aid money for personal gain.
The situation in Gaza is always bad. What happens to the millions and millions of dollars given in aid .? ... the money is used to buy arms, build tunnels and reward terrorists and their families. Giving more aid won’t go to the people
Thats billions not millions that go to those slime balls in gaza.
All the USA needs to do, is stop aiding and abetting terrorism throughout the world. 
Stop all aid to Israel immediately.
With the will of God...
If Gaza is unlivable that’s on gazans who continue to rain rockets on innocent Israelis build tunnels to smuggle arms, rather than build infrastructure and take care of their people. They use their women and children as human shields! Scum
Why dont you do something about it some protest,rallies or anything but not just statements
איזה נס שלא נבחרת
#YouAreADumbAss
The Gaza blockade is illegal under international law. How exactly is this even being permitted by multiple nations to be occurring?
Your profile picture said everything!! F**** communists !!
Moderate Communist to be precise. Our ideological differences aside, I'm pretty sure we can agree Israel's blatant violation of international law that has created this humanitarian crisis is unacceptable. Needless to mention their other violations and acts of aggression.
Sorry sir, I don't believe your words.

1. You are opposing one state with equal rights for Palestinians.
2. You are opposing a peaceful solidarity campaign with the Palestinians #BDS 
3 You signed a letter to the UN to stop critics on Israel.

You're a hypocrite Bernie Sanders.
I agree, but he’s a small chance to help Palestinian in Gaza.
He spoke out AND can do something.
It’s more, than we can expect from any other west democracy leader.
(@jeremycorbyn spoke out, also).
Yes, what he does, called lip service.

He will never travel to Gaza to see with his own eyes the cruelties, war crimes, what his fellow Israelis committing day by day.

He defends Israel when the UN asks them to comply international law. He's clearly against Palestine.
no can do. the foundation would be built on stolen land, Israel's days are numbered because of what they have become; their old enemy, the Nazi's.

If we remove the blockade, the flow of weapons into Gaza will make life in Sderot impossible.
Would the most peace loving nations of the world, China, India, Russia, North Korea allow immigration of half of the Gaza Strip muslims while Israel welcomes the remaining half to citizenship in Israel rebuilding their housing & utilities to normal standards?
Occupation means a country controlling the land from another country. There is no Palestine and never was one so therefore there is no occupation.
Sellout
B'H: The challenges would be a lot less difficult to solve if Hamas did not use civilians as human shields as they commit terrorist attacks or steal the money meant for humanitarian aid for themselves
Hamas keeps putting these human shields on the sidewalk to keep me from driving on it, but that won't stop me.
