Breaking News: President Trump, in a surprising reversal, asked his advisers to look into rejoining the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact https://nyti.ms/2GU3DWq 
Hey Bernie: TPP has changed. Canada ensured the following were incorporated: Workers' rights, women's rights, LGBTQ rights, climate and environmental regulations....so before you rant, this is not your TPP: you can thank Canada for a progressive #TPP. We will not change it.
How about everyone make a coffee, grab a glass of wine and read the new TPP: lost of blah-blah with little substance. Here you go: https://international.gc.ca/trade-commerce/trade-agreements-accords-commerciaux/agr-acc/cptpp-ptpgp/index.aspx?lang=eng …
For the record: Obama negotiated all those exact same things.

The firestorm against the TPP was always horseshit.
They yelled it at our convention and didn’t even know what it was. Sanders just whipped them up.
I was there and trust me when i say they had no idea.
His supporters have always been the dumbest group of sheep you can herd into one room
So what are the provisions in the “new” trans pacific partnership.
It's called "vetting", Polly. Get used to it. 
Sanders wouldn't know the truth if it bit him in his lying, grifting ass.
He's already losing to Biden in polls. He's not going to withstand the slightest vetting.
Yup. Sanders was given a pass in 2016. 

That's over.
He's still got a whole bunch of bros caping for him in the media but with no Hillary? They're not going to treat him with kid gloves like last time.
Some will always cover for him, like Hayes, Tapper, and TYT. They're all Sanders, all the time.

But there are dissenting voices to counter them. 

And we have receipts.
Dumb. TPP is good!
TPP was a giveaway to the insurance industry. It was terrible and shouldn't be supported by anyone. 

Also, NAFTA turned entire states into lands of misery and meth. It should be repealed when it expires, but alas, the damage is done.
How so? Also, NAFTA has had huge benefits for both Americans and Mexicans/Canadians alike
NAFTA is why Hillary lost the Rust Belt. It's not good news for any working class American.
The benefits from free trade strongly outweigh any losses. Most rust belt jobs were lost due to automation. The US has been transitioning to a service-based economy for some time now. A few entitled  workers in Michigan don't deserve special treatment bc they can't compete
Only about a fifth of the TPP has to do with trade.  The reason it is not good is because it makes nation states subservient to multinational corporations.  It sets the pillars and rules for a globalist new world order.
I wouldn't phrase it quite that way, but yes. There's a proviso in the TPP for what's called "investor-state dispute resolution" that means that corporations can sue governments for things like environmental regulations causing a loss of profits.
But ISDS is a great example
You’re a socialist, that’s is all.
"That's is all"? About the same level of intelligence I'd expect from someone who thinks socialisim is inherently bad.
Would you care to know what the 100 million “thinks” as well.
Bernie Sanders is not a comunist he is a social democrat which is a hybrid of socialisim and capitalisim.
Adding the word Democratic doesn’t change what socialism means.
Saying socialism is the same thing as communism doesnt make it so.
Bernie is an idiot.
I guess you still dont realize your own party stuck it deep up ur anal cavity.
Im thinking you liked it.
How's the beach house you evil rich guy you?
And Trump isn't a evil rich guy?
where;s the evil?..this ought to be entertaining.
The fact that he has ties to Russia, you mean?
what ties?
be specific snowflake
show me the CRIME
take ur time
use google if you have to
and the Carter Page defying the Senate, who held a hand over his Russian contact from this thing and the firing of the James Comey thing
But other than that, he's a likable guy.
and DONALD TRUMP?

heres the blank again  _______________________________________________
If you really need to ask about his crimes after I just gave you a laundry list of stuff, you are living in a delusion that's so finely structured that no amount of logical can break through your idiocy.
You liberals are all over the board.
Im thinking you have early signs of dementia. 
I can imagine your breath smells like a barn with all the bullshit that comes out of it
Trump berated Hilary for being pro TPP (which he was right to do), promised to kill it, and is now going back on his promise because he's just like her. Another typical politician.
Johnny boi.
You don't know jack.
You don't know what hes doing next.
Thats why our foreign policy just got stronger.
Hell ..obama told you he was going to hide under the desk for 8 years.
He even dropped leaflets. 
Try to catch up kid
Marco? Polo!
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not  stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.
Dipstick. Im glad you think because he mentions something he'll do it. 
He loves changing the narrative the liberals are so used to having full control of.
So is he in tpp or not?
Do you know?
Will the treaty be changed?
Ur the expert. 
Prediction now....go ahead Einstein
When “liberals had control of the narrative,” what was the narrative they were imposing on you?
Heres one what does stormy Daniel have to do with Russia hacking our elections and changing votes?
Honestly no one cares who fucks who... What is interesting is who paid for it... is it an in-kind election donation? That's where the FEC steps in.
So entering back in to something you supported is betrayal @SenSanders ? I'd bet a paycheck he doesn't enter back in it unless the terms are fair for the US.
Bernie Sanders opposed the TPP.
TPP is an important deal for the working class in Minnesota, you can sell your bs but I'm not buying it
Where are your taxes comrade 

If we couldn’t get a copy of his taxes in 2016 & he he still hasn’t produced a copy; what makes these people think he’ll produce them for 2020. Please don’t say because he promises to. We saw how that turned out.

Business Decisions  are made real business men, you don't see to fall into that category ..
Pander pander Bernie. Trump Protectionism. We democrats support global partnerships.We democrats will fight your trumpian visions. We deny you access to our funds. We will never support you. #NEVERBERNIE @chrislhayes @maddow @jaketapper @CNNPolitics @DNC @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
And you corporate democrats really don't care about worker's protections or labor, so that is where we differ.
Pffft you realize who will suffer from Bernie's trade policies/ ideas?
"Limiting trade with low-wage countries as severely as Sanders wants to would hurt the very poorest people on Earth. A lot”.
Your's is the prevailing view, but those who have been negatively impacted by job losses and destruction to local economies, have not benefited.
More ammo for Bernie to hammer Trump with come 2020! #feelthebern
Democrats will not vote for NRA Bernie Sanders in 2020 Primary.  We will BURY Bernie in the 2020 Primary!
Who's we?!
Well, the Democratic party is dying, and neoliberal policies are more unpopular than they ever were.
One of many steps in the wrong direction by TrumpAdmin
...This is the worst thing he's done to the country?

Really, Bernie? 

I voted for you in the primary, and THIS is the brave Resistance you've got going on?
I mean, even in the primary, it was clear that he operates under a severely myopic view of socioeconomics, privileging a monolithic 'working class' over, well, literally every other issue.
@nytimes
Chill. Old. Man. ~ use your spare time to visit the dentist

#TPP #FarmBill
Isn't your concern!

I cannot understand how FOX propaganda news can continue to destroy our country and nobody does anything to shut them down
Read the agreement provided in the link by “under radar” post before you can tell what the heck is going on with TPP!
Venezuela HAD a thriving economy until they voted in a socialist/leninist/marxist. http://familysurvivalheadlines.com/socialism-child-gangs-fight-for-quality-garbage-with-machetes-in-venezuela/https://www.irinnews.org/feature/2018/03/07/half-million-and-counting-venezuelan-exodus-puts-new-strains-colombian-border …
Well if you 
dem's  would work with him things would be better you just afraid he is making all of you look bad!!!!!! YOU SHOULD BE VOTED OUT!!!
Not interested in Bernie perspectives NYT....don't waste ink and column room on paper
Rascal has ended U.S.leadership in Asia Pacific.Trump-Kim summit will witness final U.S.withdrawal from Korean Peninsula leaving Asia Pacific to be dominated by China&http://Russia.Now  Russia is boss in Middle http://East.EU ,NATO in disarray.
@SenSanders for the house speaker yes 
LOL. Speaker of the House will be Nancy Pelosi!    Please educate yourself!  #NeverNRABernie. Democrats will NOT vote for Bernie Sanders in the 2020 Primary!
This thread is
Bernie....really.....did you read this article....this is a pro TPP piece from the neo liberal propoganda hand known as the New York Times.  Shame on you
RUN FOR PRESIDENT BERNIE!!!
Thanks Bernie for being a true American
NRA Bernie Sanders, Russian Asset!
You're an idiot. Pulling out of TPP allowed China to become a leader in trade, while we became jackshit.  You just keep showing us why you have no accomplishments to your name - you focus on fucking slogans instead of looking at the big picture. Piss off & resign.
That's what I like about you Bernie. The lies pour off your tongue.
What is he lying about.
No matter how bad you think the TPP is, not participating in it would be worse, but Sanders knows it’s more popular to oppose it.

Tell that to the IGM Economics Expert Panel, genius.
I'm not saying trade is bad, but when you have American companys shipping jobs overseas and Americans losing their jobs, we have a problem!!! The TPP would have let any corporation go to any country and make products cheaply and exploit people and country's!
Back when the U.S. was part of the negotiation, the U.S. was pushing wage floors, wage protections and collective bargaining for all party states. Do you understand the effect those terms would have had on job off-shoring?
Sure they were 
Its no surprise that Trump changed his tune about a trade deal that will do things like screw over foreign and domestic workers. What we need to be involved in are trade deals that are centered around helping workers foreign and domestic and doing right by nature.
Better worker protections and provisions for developing nations in NAFTA would've protected world labor
NAFTA only covered North America.  Clinton did add worker protections before signing it, even though it was already negotiated and passed before he took office.  (He added environmental protections as well).  Could it have been better?  If it had been done before passage, yes.
But NAFTA has no jurisdiction outside of NOrth America.  Hence, why more FTAs are needed.  That’s where the TPP was coming in to play.  It was a lack of a free trade agreement with protections with India & China that caused more job losses at home than NAFTA, but NAFTA gets the
blame all the time, thanks to Karl Rove’s defensive actions against Kerry.  It was all because Kerry pointed out that the Bush administration was giving tax breaks as an incentive to companies to send jobs overseas.  Out of that a myth was born and taken on a life of its own
to this very day.  I hope one day people will remember what the NA in NAFTA stands for so we can stop thinking of FTAs as some job killing monster.
That's some hot capitalist garbage 
Marilyn you're pretending like NAFTA, and the Washington consensus and other developing world neglecting policies before that, weren't the model for the next 30 years of neoliberal world arrangements
Speaking of betrayal #DNC
Zero followers. Divider bot.
Hey, now he has a whole TWO of them!!!
You just like Trump, had you been elected president, would be faced with the reality of what it looks like to destabilize the agricultural sector. It’s so so easy to point at the TPP and say it’s bad from the sidelines. Facing the reality for American farmers is another story.
But then again you only operate as a theoretical arm chair politician. You have no idea what you would do to lead us in a different direction that both protects the stability of our food supply, and moves away from the TPP.
You ALSO likely have NO idea what you would do when faced with the reality of China’s power in this arena. It’s just staggering how shallow your ideas and promises are given a closer look at how issues actually play out. Shocker: it’s not as simple as you like to pretend.
You will never get my vote!
CRAWFORD  STREET  SALINA  KS  67401    MAY  YAHWEH   KEEP  AND  BLESS  US  ALL  ALWAYS
show your taxes comrade bernie
As an economist, I could not disagree with you more on this, Bernie. Free-trade is what has propelled the American hegemony to record heights of safety and profitability for over half a century.
Profitability for a handful of wealthy industrialists and devastation and impoverishment for masses of workers. Economists are no different than the priests of the feudal era; their purpose is to justify the status quo.
Read my later tweets in this thread. I have no interest in preserving the status quo.
Crazy old man! VT wake up!
#UnSeatBernieSandersSenate2018.  #SupportJonSvitavskyFullTimeDemocraticSenatorVT
You are joking right hebnb us the only President to keep his promises since Jimmy Carter It is you delaying them get off the pot and represent the people they voted for him stop resisting and do what you were elected to do
Are you still talking? Please go away
As if Bernie Sanders understands a damn thing about what TPP is and what it stands for.Apparently Bernie is advocating a world where China holds all the cards,aggressively asserts power in Asia,endangers our national security & weakens their markets to our goods.Sit down,old guy
I'm so grateful to him for advocating for working people who have been screwed over by a corporate regime.
Hey Berners!!!
Um I supported hillary and so did over 90% of bernie voters. Maybe she should of been less arrogant and went to Wisconsin.
The stupidity of this man is beyond comprehension. For the rest of the existence of the USA, Americans will be looking back on this era in astonishment at the ineptitude & incompetence that was allowed to run amok all this time. One day even the MAGAts will have to admit this.
Buuuuuut heeeeerrrr emaaaaaaiilllssssss...
This made me laugh much harder than it should have. We are truly screwed, aren't we?
It’s fascinating, and crazymaking of course, that some folks act as if Trump being POTUS couldn’t have been prevented, like their wasn’t actually another choice.
And Hillary isn’t?
A fool? No.
She doesn’t seem to be a fool. She is  just very arrogant. Bernie also seems to be sometimes naive about people’s view.
Bernie is someone who hasn’t had a new idea since he was about your age and he’s clearly very angry and defensive about it. Try to not be like him.

hahahahah @HillaryClinton stole the election from you and you are mad at Trump.

Lols. Silly old man
Trump lied to you and is stabbing you in the back, and that's all you can think of.
still better than Bernie or the Evil Granny...
I like Bernie but he is the spoiler that got Trump elected. Did not support Hillary. Now this is what we got. Should have pushed his people 
He campaigned harder for her than she did.
Nope
That why he campaigned in the states she needed to win and she didn't?
No person who is truly about Labor should be backing 45 at this point.
Backing Trump was never about Labor.  But seeing that you have a rose, I'm sure you know that.  Welcome back to reality.   Vote smarter next time.
Right.  Hence my "vote smarter next time".  I was hoping that JS was waking up and smelling the coffee.  You, are obviously are still clueless.  Have a nice night.
Wow. That's what the rose means? You idiots are proud of that? Must be nice being so privledged to not give a shit about the rest of the country.
Disgusting.
Yes, we know.  a/k/a the idiots that helped elect Trump.
Have any of you politicians in the US looked at the new TPP that was re-worked? I support @JustinTrudeau on the joining of this trade agreement. Work to make trade more progressive, don't stop it.
It's got some good aspects, and some bad stuff too man. Could be more progressive. Like in the example of Kinder Morgan right now. If the pipeline doesn't get built. They may have the right to sue us. Undermines our sovereignty.  Positive it opens up Japan's beef market. Good
Oh it's certainly not perfect. I'm a progressive, but also a realist at the same time. Those two things tend to clash from time to time. :P
I'd like to see wages and the same labour rights as at least America's in the deals. Preferably Canadian standards. But tie those things to the deal to create a level playing field. Lifts the standard in those countries, while taking the risks of companies moving to take
Yeah I doubt you'll ever see trade deals like that though (at least for now). It's hard to get other countries to be just like us, which I understand. We're making progress at least. Trying to find a good fair balance is the key. Certainly not easy things to do at all.
Regardless of one's opinion on the TPP, the "new version" of it is largely the same as the version DT said would "rape" the country. He certainly wasn't swayed by environmental protections or anything like that.
Oh ok. The TPP is NOT yours to comment on. Would you rather see China take the lead? Or perhaps Russia? Hey.. since I have your ear...when are you and Crooked Jane going to release your tax returns and FEC filings? Like soon comrade? Because I can wait...
I'd rather workers take the lead - like those teachers in the mid-west.
You and Trump demagogued the trade issue so it could not be discussed rationally. The TPP was our best weapon against China. The two of you surrendered Asia to it, hurting the American worker.
TPP includes tribunals to protect corporations, but not workers. Which is why unions opposed it.
Socialists are expert at misleading a population. President Trump is bringing good paying jobs back to America, doubling the growth rate & increasing wages & the labor participation rate. He is Good for The American Worker.
The TPP literally ships out jobs! You've been played and you're thanking him for it.
No one plays President Trump, the Obama years of the “You didn’t Build That” are over. Trump is business savvy , not Obama. Just look at our jobs, economy & growth after one year of Trumps policies.
Okay, let's look. 
https://data.bls.gov/timeseries/CES0000000001?output_view=net_1mth …
2016 (Obama's final year): 2,344,000 jobs added
2017 (DT's first year): 2,188,000 jobs added

Oops! Looks like growth SLOWED under DT.
Oh, and Obama's comment was about infrastructure. "If you were successful, somebody along the line gave you help....Someone invested in roads & bridges [aka infrastructure]. If you've got a business, you didn't build that."

And he's right. You didn't build roads & bridges.
My taxes did build roads & bridges. Obama’s growth rate was minimal at 1.5% for 8 years, Trump doubled that to 3% in 1 year. You wouldn’t understand how business grows, you have to experience it. Obama was the Worst Pres. Ever in the U. S.
Wow, it's as if Obama's average growth rate over 8 years was slower because there was a massive recession from Bush when he took office, and no recession when DT arrived.

You contributed $ used to build roads & bridges, but that's not you alone--we all do. That's Obama's point.
Excessive regulations may be the reason that growth stagnated under Obama, I’m sure that he would liked to have left office with a better legacy. His poor record is now history.
This is worse than calling neo-Nazis and Klans members "good people"? Worse than deporting people without felonies? Worse than Muslim ban? Worse then collaborating in continuing Russian intervention? Worse than his budget, than the tax cut? Keep showing YOUR values
You are a menace. You are a despicable egomaniac whose sole interest is your own spotlight. You are why we are facing setbacks in the judicial system that will last for decades.
The only people to blame for Trump are the people who voted for Trump.

Why don't you actually direct your hate at the people who are destroying our country, instead of a man who wants to make it better?
Nope, that spin don't work.  I'm directing my anger toward the man who knowingly helped elect Trump. I'm directing my disgust at people like you.
Bernie Sanders did 41 events for HRC.  He endorsed her before the convention, at the convention, and after the convention.
Oh PULEASE. He didn't bow out until way past time it was clear he lost; his endorsements were half-hearted (as was noted at the time); he did nothing to discourage the smears against her; & he made it clear that his followers could go 3rd party w/ a clear conscience.
When Bernie Sanders originally endorsed HRC, her supporters on Twitter were surprised at how strong his endorsement was.  Now you’re retroactively making it into a weak endorsement to blame him.
Joan hates Bernie more than she hates Trump.

She'll vote Pence in 2020. Just watch her.
Is the daisy/sunflower a symbol?
When did Bernie @SenSanders post bail?
As if Trump ever kept a promise.  Wake up!
Well I would expect no less from a Socialist. He will renegotiate and make it right for America.
Why don't you take up knitting? Right after you locate your tax returns.
Oh, here we go with that again. Your simplistic tripe is most tiresome.
Dementia finally?
No shit Sherlock
Bernie Panders
Damn, are you still ALIVE???
You endorsed Hillary Clinton who openly supported the TPP. When did American workers stop and then start mattering again?
Go away.
You are irrelevant
Is anyone really surprised anymore?
At this point I wouldn't be surprised to have HRC as SOS.
WHAT
THE
FUCK
IS
GOING
ON
WITH
JANE
SANDERS
FBI
INVESTIGATION?
SPEAK 
ON
THAT
OR
SHUT
THE
FUCK 
UP!
SICK
OF 
YOUR
BULLSHIT
SECRETS
AND 
LIES!
Centrist fantasyland:
I want to work with republicans and democrats no matter what their views are.
How will "anti-globalist" & Trump shill @RealAlexJones explain Trump's support for the #TPP ?
Relax Grandpa we haven’t joined it yet, and probably won’t unless it benefits American workers.   How’s that socialist program you’ve been peddling working out for you.  You should take a trip to Venezuela I heard it’s socialist this time of year.  #dipstick
Venezuela is not an example of his vision, #dipstick.
You and Trump created a false controversy over TPP.  You blustered and lied to Americans, making the agreement nothing more than a #.  U.S. workers are hurt by NOT rejoining TPP.  You are a fraud. Obama was right.
Senator Sanders ur an economic illiterate! TPP was a good deal! That’s why the Mexicans and Canadians remained while we left!
Lazy lies.
how about something novel -teach your voters about balanced purchasing? trade deals can work but consumers must be smart about purchases.  time for ppl to take responsibility of their own buying habits.  you know responsibility, right? -something you are teaching so many to shirk
Do you even know the provisions of the trans pacific partnership?
Bernie.  Shut up!
A Resist troll account trying to help Trump haha you guys already gave Trump his tax cuts and war spending.... then attack Bernie Sanders and not Trump...
The pro-Hillary automated bot farm discovered by @likingonline is exposed here in full by @PaulBlu. Hired to swarm Bernie supporters with attacks, these fake Twitter users amplified the #Resistance accounts that now howl about Russian bots. https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/democratic-bot-network-sally-albright_us_5aa2f548e4b07047bec68023?__twitter_impression=true …
Nope. Wrong. Have a nice evening.
hmm you gave Trump Tax cuts more war spending more illegal spying powers gutted the banking laws you have a nice evening !! take care.
Yet not one peep out of you while he tears down the actual progress Pres. Obama made for this country---for POC, for LGBT, for women, for the planet. Not. One. Damn. Word.

Saint Bullshit the Ratfucker. 

PBO was right about TPP. But you joined the "No" brigade like an .
Didn’t you know Bernie only cares about “ordinary” Americans? He doesn’t like “identity politics”
I know right? Apparently Saint Bullshit doesn't realize there are women & POC in the "working class!" Guess that's what happens when your civil rights cred gets all old 'n musty living in lilywhite VT for 50 years!
Exactly. And he left New York, to live in Vermont? 
Trump's voters were in it for the racism, Shouty McWhiteflight.
In a series of broken promises Trump made to the working people of this country, rejoining the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership would be the biggest yet. Rejoining the TPP would be a betrayal of American workers and a step in the wrong direction. https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/984489743005175808 …
"Shouty McWhiteflight." I am dead.

Bernie Sanders  ...  no   ...  you and your followers are disruptors.

We are not going to allow your nonsense going forward.   Stick to Vermont.  They elected you.  We did not and will not.
Just wait until China dominates the global economy if you really want to see job-killing in action.
How much more good-job-killing can there possibly be? Did you know 40% of homeless people work full time?
Can you provide a link to a reliable source for that stat, please?
Bernie you just as dumb as you were in 16'. Go home to your white enclave and take up.... farming or something useful. Maybe get Jane ready for prison.
STFU.
Trump is all talk and no action, I knew he'd go back into the deal, he's a corrupt politician.
Should have fought harder for Hillary who gave you this to coddle you.
TPP is a monstrous trade law and it is obscene, truly obscene, that evil Wall Street bootlickers like you supported it, and supported the giveaways to the pharmaceutical industry and world capital.

We don't need you slimy Wall Street dems anymore, we will kick you out.
Bernie you're full of it. Your platform was unattainable without GOP buy in which you knew you'd never get, and that's why you lost. And your comments above show even more how your rhetoric betrayed the most vulnerable among us. Nothing progressive about that.
How does belonging to the TPP endanger jobs?
Mostly big time for high and low income working middle class.
https://www.nytimes.com/roomfordebate/2015/10/06/the-future-of-trans-pacific-trade/the-trans-pacific-pact-would-kill-jobs-and-consumer-protection …
Describing things as “job killing” is straight from the Republican playbook. Like most things you say and do.
And leaving it screwed farmers and businesses.
Where is your evidence that TPP will cost the United States any jobs??
Hope all of y'all defending the TPP  see why all the corporations lobbied in favor of it. Their interest aren't beneficial to the non-rich. They love Trump tax cuts, but you dont because his name was on it. Call it Trump Pacific Partnership and watch all the opinions swap.

Hey Bernie... crawl back under your rock.
Trump is the only President who's doing exactly what he promised during elevation. Democrats are worst - their no 1 agenda "tax the rich" never happened. Instead you taxed the middle class. Prime example - marriage penalty, job killing health penalty...& the list goes on.
#TPP is just not worth the attempt! Seems to me many of the same fools who told us NAFTA was a good deal appear to be the same morons trying to sell us on TPP! Anyone defending this trade deal should be looked upon with the upmost skepticism.
He has always said that if he could negotiate a better deal for America, that he would join it.

Don't lie.
But collusion with the Russians was no big deal, right Bernie?
Just go away.
Take. A. Nap.
Trump could do a lot better on his promises if the dem's in Congress wouldn't fight him all the time. I used to de a democrat but I changed to republican when I saw what was going on with the dem's. I am so ashamed of all those years.
Cant even beat hillary and we should take your wisdom why?
Bernie Sanders Democrats are obstructing everything Trump has attempted to do, Bernie quit bull shitting us.
Does this mean you're going to stop working on behalf of Trump now?
BROKEN PROMISES?!?! Well you would know.  You have been  a politician for 30 years. And how does a career politician become a millionaire?

BIGGEST?! Really? That is so tone deaf.
Not nessissarily.

Comey isn’t credible. Just ask Democrats.
See more at http://LyinComey.com  
You should be President Bernie
How about you talk about the alternative to the TPP?
Hey Bernie I guess your people are too good to follow the rules, and think cussing and swearing in front of children in an airport is ok to do!!!!

Bernie anti-free trade rhetoric is the same 19th Century mercantilist robber baron bs as Trump. Free trade is progressive, your policies are buffoonish.

Why do people listen to Bernie on the issue of trade he has proven he knows next to nothing in the issue. TPP  would have constant China and prevented this trade was but we listen to him now what do we have. The dude is ignorant okay.
Please retire. The TPP rubbish that you and Elizabeth Warren pushed did great damage to this country.  Pulling out of the TPP is allowing China to take an advantage in trade over US companies.  That will have a much bigger negative impact on American workers.
Let's talk about the biggest broken promise in history 

An actual election 
The shills and bots on this thread are really vile.
You, speaking about betrayal? I’m shocked you’re still not licking Trump’s shoes.
Can't imagine the don's fans are happy about this development, or about the don now looking at the idea of war in Syria either.

I imagine his wealthy friends are happy about this news but his not so wealthy voters, no.
@conorduffy_7 @ne0liberal isn't it just so satisfying seeing his young support wake up to how crap his protectionist trade policy is?
The replies 
Stop another WMD fraudulent war! Seems like the potential nuclear exchange should be the priority of anyone that is considered a leader.
Neolibs only spew what the machine authorizes them to spew. Neoliberalism died on November 2016.
Senator, many say u r the most popular politician in the country now.That you understand Trump supporters (white working class) better than anyone. My thought is why not run in GOP primary & knock Trump out before general? After all you never claimed their primary was rigged.
Why are you still here?  Is the media not demanding you just go away?  But, you lost...so.  Oooooh, they’re telling me that’s a rule just for lady politicians. 
Hate to agree with Trump on anything, but he is right about TPP, and you are...
Im still waiting for ur public apology for helping HRC lose. You used the DNC 2 get ahead. Whined and complained about everything. Divided the party. Turned ur back on HRC.  Had supporters hate her. Then conveniently go back to an "I". And u still accomplish nothing.
Besides the NRA helping their careers and being propped up by Russian trolls, Bernie and Trump have a lot in common. Tax returns are like tea leaves, St. Bernard. Supposed corrupt HRC released years of complete returns. What is Mr Transparency hiding?
http://www.taxhistory.org/www/website.nsf/web/presidentialtaxreturns …
Trump and Sanders both see economics and trade in terms of winners and losers.  Both Trump and Sanders are wrong.  Limiting trade limits growth.  Limiting growth hurts everyone.
Bernie is still carrying Putin’s water.
“Sanders just likes to get the gullible WWC to blame Mexicans and Chinese workers for the fact that machines have replaced their jobs. It’s because he is fiscally illiterate and is too weak to admit we need more jobs of the future, not dying industry jobs.”
From Bernie Sanders mouth to the sewer, then flush

Trump and Sanders in 2016 sold their incurious hordes a load of 1/2 truths and full-on lies

Sanders is lying to you:
You are a fraud:
“Trump and @SenSanders lied about what TPP meant to American workers.  The world is moving on without us.  Obama was right.  Sanders is regurgitating a 2016 hashtag.  He is a fraud.  American workers will suffer.  #FeelTheFraud”
Go back to sleep. If he gets a better deal would that be good for America? You are anti Americans in you every actions. If you Love socialism so much why don’t you go live in one of their countries?
Bernie, take a seat.
You’re no independent, you shrugged off @GovJVentura for an endorsement. Smh
The corporate PROPAGANDA machine is working OT I see to revive this POS

You believe something posted in @NYT  ? How sad....
@SenSanders  You know Bernie it's funny you had the biggest opportunity to set yourself apart in the 2016 Election. YET; at the same time too when the DNC backstabbed you what did you do?  You still supported them.  BRILLIANT!
Destructive alien. That is what the goal is for Dotard. Destroy and destroy..................
#impeach simple word.
Don’t run in 2020. #NeverBernie
Pres got us out maybe to put us in a better negotiation position, and u sens who have no business experience should shut up and focus on all the misuse of the taxpayer $$s u F off
Dear senator, TPP is former president Obama ‘s legacy! Did you oppose TPP when president 0bama began?
Bernie I like you but joining the TPP is a good thing especially if you want American products to be exported, or else they will put tariffs on American goods. Deals and compromises can be made if nations negotiate and discuss, rather than pulling out like Trump did last year.
Go away. Haven't you done enough damage? 

Sincerely,

America loving Black man
The TPP is the right way to counter unfair China trade http://policies.It  aids smaller countries, allies of ours,to be empowered Together we have more impact. I will take 95% of what is right & continue to fight for the addl 5%.Stop your tantrums pls, grow up, join reality
Go away.
Hey Socialist- "Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama."
You helped build this Bernie. Don’t run again.
Why weren’t you standing next to trump when he withdrew now you are saying he made a smart move but would be a mistake to rejoin the TPP. Senator you have been in office for way too long and millions have no clue what you stand for and what you have accomplished. Retire please
Maybe you should spend more time working with the president if you really care. Instead of spending all your time complaining and doing absolutely nothing useful
"Rejoining"? I never knew we UNjoined it! Wish we'd rejoin the Paris Climate Agreement instead!
I think Trump has been blackmailed by the neocon satanists.
Maybe you should have exited the primary when you lost and thrown genuine support behind Hillary instead of questioning her legitimacy. You bear much responsible for Trump. You never accomplished anything for your cult members. You just attack everyone else to feed your ego.
De
I remember you promising to fight for us on DNC floor?  Instead you locked your supporters in the hull of the sinking DNC while you endorsed the candidate who rigged the election & disrespected every voter you had!  So STFU
Off you go.
That because , A real Leader could try to Re-Negotiate a screwed up Agreement!
It would be a mistake for the majority of wannabe, Senators to comment on what
they think a Real leader is doing! Instead you should concentrate on learning, from Trump Leadership Class 101.! Sir.
How, exactly, would it be any different from NAFTA?
They said it would lower the production price of goods, therefore allowing companies to pay more while the consumer paid less, but they just pocketed the profits after being allowed to move jobs to Mexico...
U.S. benifit?
Over half your party wants him to rejoin the TPP and you say no? Honestly it’s impossible to understand the positions you take.
He never wanted it.
Ok thanks. Does it amaze you as much as it amazes me how members of both party support this deal and also are against it but they don’t unite to push this agenda?
It doesn't amaze me at all. Those whose campaigns are financed by huge corporations are typically for the TPP. Personally, I don't care for either party as much as clean/publicly funded campaigns...
Yea- unfortunately every single congressperson is financed by corporations and special interests with millions and billions of dollars.
Where are your taxes?
Which were created by people paid in low wages. I thought you were progressive not a conservative.
Globalization have lifted millions of poor people in third world out of poverty by giving them economic and employment opportunities.  Of course Bernie being an economic nationalist racist doesn't care if brown people in other countries starve to death.
Yes it has. But tpp, does more. It allows corporations to ignore local laws. They can sue governments.
Go away, Bernie.
you are a bot so why not block your self ? i have seen this same template used on this tweet about 45 times today its ether go away or shut up Bernie Sanders...
First you criticize Trump for leaving TPP, now you're criticizing him for exploring going back in? YOU CAN'T HAVE IT BOTH WAYS, CHUM. Regardless of the fact you would like to.

@HuffPost @politico I don't remember you praising him when he pulled out.  Further, what makes you think that any terms of agreement, if we rejoined, would be remotely similar to those before we pulled out?

