Middle class Americans got tax breaks. There l fixed it for you. #Senile
Don't spend it all in one store!
I would not be able to thank you
Disgusting how they treat our PR citizens.
 America needs Bernie like it needed Obama. In other words we don’t need Bernie
If taking everyone’s money and redistributing it means uniting America, I’ll pass. TYVM
Their power plant was a wreck and the people running it corrupt before the hurricanes. Why not question who was in charge before the tragedy struck?
FYI the elite oceanside condos have power, inland does not. Hmmmmm I wonder why that is?
Jesus 
Barty bernie, another complaint. Complain, complain, complain. It was run by demorats, that's the issue old man. Tell your buddies to fix their problem. And by the way, your diaper needs changed again.
Every. Single. One. Of. YOUR. Tweets... all day every day is complaining. Hypocrite. I bet you can’t even see it, after I point it out. You’re gonna get so defensive and lie even harder to yourself.
Me?  Just because barbies diaper needs changed, and he's always miserable,  doesn't  mean you should get on me
Considering you're just a POS from his diaper, yes, she should. #sorrynotsorry
Uuuuum yes PR does have power in the elite oceanfront Condo's. Just the poor people living inland don't. Stop the lies.
Well, what have you done for hurricane relief? How are your 4 vacation houses?
You do realise he isn't POTUS right?....
Yep. You are right.... It is absolutely impossible for a Senator to make a bi-partisan hurricane relief bill....
You do also realize he only owns 3 properties right? 1 was a condo he bought for dirt cheap in DC in the 90s bc he works there

1 is his main house that he bought for 370k in 2007

The last was bought by selling a house that was in his wife's family since early 1900s 1/2
He makes 170k per year. I told you when he bought them and for how much, all public record.

He's well off, but not greedy & rich like HRC

Also, he was a carpenter before he went into politics.

He went to college and was hugely involved in civil rights causes for years as well.
Civil rights is not a job it’s a passion and he was worked for a carpenter for extra money to buy weed that was very short period of time.
Wow!? That's what he bought. Not rent or anything? 

Do tell more? You obviously knew him back then quite well to have this information?
It is a travesty. Just trying to vacate PR because they want to get rid of the riff raff, and turn it into a billionaire play ground. Why am I the only one seeing this?
There’s no more money to help the brown people of Puerto Rico...but you’d better believe there’s unlimited funding for Trump to compensate for his crippling insecurities.
Like the useless parade he wants.... use those monies  for homeless vets 
Now that would honor our military
Exactly!
Barrio Almirante Sur, Vega Baja, PR has been without power since Irma. Over 7 months now. The Mayor of Vega Baja has promised my Mom power today. Oddly enough, FL power restored her neighbors power but not my Mom's house. I believe they got paid under the table for services.$O$
What about talking about PR becoming a state? The commonwealth status continues to throttle PR, plus now with the 20% increase export taxes, corporations will leave (Coca-Cola already has left) causing a continued downward spiral of PRs economy.
For some reason most people in PR insist on remaining a colony. The recent vote to become a state was mostly boycotted and deeply unpopular because it didn't list that as an option. Why they would choose this over statehood or independence is beyond me, but so it goes.
The boycott happened, although not exactly because commonwealth status was absent, rather that most people realized it was a senseless waste of resources during a time of bankruptcy. That plebiscite was a political act to keep up appearances for the pro-statehood fanatics.
What direction would you feel PR would benefit the most?
Statehood would benefit us most. I did not vote in the plebiscite, and I did not vote for the pro-statehood party, and I wholeheartedly do not believe Ricky and his goons are what we needed.
I need to register to vote. I’m not liking him either. He definitely did not handle the Hurricane well. Thank you for your insight.
You are a senator. Besides tweeting, what are YOU doing about this?
He’s literally the only person in our government right now that’s *ACTUALLY* doing something to help Puerto Rico - http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/362077-sanders-to-present-146-billion-plan-to-help-puerto-rico …

Besides criticizing him over something you know nothing about, what are *you* doing?
His $146 billion plan came out in November. What is happening?  "Plans" don't put or keep the lights on. I can pull a billions of dollars plan out of my ass too, but I don't because I'm not a  grandstanding, do-nothing-but-talk senator.
You realize Bernie can submit and support the plan, but he can’t enact it without support from Trump and GOP, right? Bernie is putting forth an effort to do something but Trump and GOP have to work with him. They’re only interested in what makes them money though, so they won’t.
So, the short answer to 'What, of substance, is Sanders doing?' is -- nothing.  
But busy on Facebook and Twitter 
Yeah, good point. Let’s just dismiss the only person in government making any real effort that has any chance of actually addressing the situation. It’s all Bernie’s fault even though it’s Trump and the GOP that are refusing to help in any way at all.

Piss off.
Not his fault, but let's not pretend he's making a difference, either. Total of 30 years, cong/sen. Prob should be more effective by now. Time to step aside since he is a divisive force in the Dems even though he's not a Dem. At least people like Warren are putting up a fight.
Yeah, the one guy who is taking a principled and progressive stance should step aside because it’s inconvenient for the bought and paid for corporate democrats. Gotcha.
Too bad they are bankrupt due to those public union pensions. Right Bernie.
Well Bernie, fortunately for the USA, you will never have a chance to make America into Venezuela.
Puerto Rico isn't the only one affected , Dominica got affected by 3 hurricanes and a tropical storm, direct and indirectly, but persons aren't aware because its only highlighted everyday in the USA territory
But we have Troops on the Mexican Border.......can someone tell me why that makes sense?
If you don't know the answer to that you are beyond hrlp.
go away russian bot, you pick our back pockets for your paycheck.
How much is Putin paying you?
He only pays in Vodka, not worth my time.
So is Trump funding you? Maybe David Brock is he funding you?
nope, middle class, my two hands and a work ethic, fund me.  thanks for coming out though.
You're still acting like a paid troll.
I didn't realize Puerto Rico was so wealthy.
We have spent billions of dollars on Puerto Rico since the hurricane hit. What is taking so long?
When you took office you swore an oath to defend the Constitution. Have you kept your promise? Cut some of the bulshit democratic money sucking programs, stop funding abortion and throw out the illegals. And support the wall. And there would be plenty of money to support our poor
Never a penny of Aid for ungrateful Puerto Rico; let the rich socialists give them money. Stop all foreign aids.
Who cares about the racist Puerto Rican.  No Aid period.  Part of USA territory, so what!  Useless, bankrupting.
Who cares about the racist Austin M. Burger? Not me, that’s for sure.
And you got a new house and sports car! How’s that double standard working for you Bernie
And he’s also the only person in government doing a god damn thing to actually address any of the real problems in Puerto Rico - http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/362077-sanders-to-present-146-billion-plan-to-help-puerto-rico …

So please just piss off.
Introducing a bill that doesn’t stand a chance of approval, is not doing something ! It’s called show boating
You need to ask yourself why it doesn’t stand a chance of approval. Here’s a hint - because Trump and the GOP doesn’t give a shit and they’ll never support anything unless it’ll benefit them and their donors directly.

Maybe voting in principled people like Bernie would fix that.
What does a principled socialist look like ? https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic_socialism …
What does a principled republican look like? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Not_found 
A new Speaker of the House will make a difference!
Maybe go after the corrupt democrats that are causing the issues.
Why did the Puerto Rican gov't give themselves bonuses totaling over $1MILLION at the close of last year, instead of using it for their citizens and the infrastructure?
@ClintonFdn is sending help again to PR. 
You mean like they sent Haiti help  and pocketed the money instead?
You're socialism is showing Bernie.
Bernie, have you ever picked up a hammer, and fix anything? Do you know how hard it is to do all of that work? How come you never complained about anything Obama did when he fell short? Stop your complaining, and help fix things, or get out!
Really....  here is what he has done - do your research.

And he has been ridiculed for years for complaining about Obama's short comings.

Do you know how to read?
Big deal! So, what has he done for the continental US besides trying to encourage illegals to come here, increase our taxes, and by the way a lot of those taxes going to Porto Rico, and discouraging businesses to stay by helping to increase restrictions. Bernie is a socialist.
Why don’t you donate the tax break you got to relief fund for Puerto Rico?
Is that what you did?
My taxes went up. Bernie, got a fantastic tax break which I’m sure he will donate soon enough. It’s the socialist thing to do.
Tell the opioid billionaires to help them out. Opioids are produced in Puerto Rico.
Why do you think you are entitled  to someone else's  money.
I know Bernie, let's put your wife in charge of managing the aid......oh wait, never mind.
Muh upper 1%. LMAO. Never gets old.
Could it be corrupt politicians just like you are the reason there is no electricity Bernie. I see you want to raise our taxes. Go to Venezuela
Yes, the Puerto Rican gov't gave themselves year end bonuses totaling over $1 million, but let's blame the President like these clueless people are doing.
How you came up with richest country in the “ history of the world” ? Why do US citizen always exagerate simple shit?
Here's some more light reading for you...

http://amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2014/10/05/most-powerful-economic-empires-of-all-time …
Seriously bro you are the kind of people that quote the bible to prove the bible exist.. this is a guessing game but you take that as fact .. smh
Seriously though, you asked how he came up with it, I provided context for how one might reach that conclusion. I never said he was correct. It's basically an unprovable... Bernie sucks with words, move on, it's his message that's important.
aight
Have you seen middle Americans praising the tax cuts? It isn't just for wealthy. BTW, billionaires EARNED their money. Why do you think it belongs to you?
you should have gone Green, Bernie...instead of asking us to vote for that neoliberal icon. 
Never too late to do the right thing.
True but what is the future of Puerto Rico where the people themselves elect bad or incompetent leaders en masse?
Bernie Sanders you are a dam fool
People are working in Puerto Rico to restore power and life as they knew it before the storm. Tax cuts can happen 10 more times before that job is completed. Stop instigating and start participating, take yourself down there and help.
That makes me so . #TrumpAdministration is a disgrace to any #humanitarian needs!
So you got tax cuts too nice to know
@MAHAMOSA .Of course! On capital hill they KNOW who they're working for: the big money people and NOBODY else!
Just ensure the poverty stricken, homeless and convicted cannot vote to keep Trump in power. Not much difference from Putin's Russia!
Because the end game is to divvy PR up for the wealthy. 

Akon says his bid to restore Puerto Rico’s power was rejected
Stop giving away taxpayer money to the welfare state maybe we can spend money on the infrastructure to supply electricity in Puerto Rico!
And the National Guard us going to the Mexican border
you are looking for a reaction, fight, and such. find someone else because this is so misinformed it it not worth either of our time.
Mr. Sanders if you're ever in Puerto Rico give me a ring I'll take you down to Pinones For A pincho and will have a little chat....
where are all the #HollywoodsElite no #Gofundme or #LatinoAmerica #charitychallenge ,just #PoliticalCorrectness

Thank you for caring about a Puerto Rico, sir.
How's that bank fraud situation going?
Also, carry our a$s on down to Puerto Rico and hand some of those millions you have to assist.
Might also find the politicos there are the wrench in the system.
We're not stupid... but awake.
Currently, there are citizens in the richest nation in the world that are homeless, going hungry, as well as dying because they lack health insurance. How do you think the Puerto Ricans who fled Puerto Rico are doing in Florida?
If we don't help PR soon, I could see Russia dropping in like they did for Cuba. Then it will be really messy. You wait and see.

Time for PR to seek independence. Being part of US is a joke.
Who's more deserving?
Let's get real, billionaires need more billions.
There's so much that they can do with that 2nd, 3rd, ... billion.
Well when we as a society worship money that is what u get
President trump is all about spreading message of hate
STFU Birdie Sanders...
The bigger need is for the country to have long standing planning/policy for dealing with frequent hurricanes. Not squandering the money, Building an electric grid that can easily be repaired.
Why do you keep talking about the richest country in the world, 20 trillion dollars in debt trillion dollars in debt, Democrats let Puerto Rico slide into debt they cannot dig out of, until they get their house in order they will not become a state!
Bernie shut the Hell up. You know absolutely nothing
and Flint MI may just got drinking water , so what's your point? and how did you help? that's right your a dem and can't pocket any money so just sit and complain.
Dont you have some banks to defraud?  Is your old lady in jail yet?
Has Bernie ever commented on his supporter who shot those Republican congressman at that baseball game?
So whose fault is that,?. I guess you're going to say Trump. right Barney? The blame game blame Crooks that run their country. That's why they had such a dynamic infrastructure an electrical grid. You see they spend their money well spent .on their selves what you say?
. I worry more everyday for our@world
your a nut job!
Yip
Fucking unbelievable.
Perhaps the country would be better served by having the National Guard head to Puerto Rico to help restore living conditions there rather than fulfill a campaign promise that no one wants to fund.
TRUMPS CREW HAS GREEN BLOOD RUNNING THROUGH THEIR HEARTS. 
IF THERE IS ONE TO BE FOUND?
Trump could go there and throw some more toilet rolls!
But "socialism".
This is the plan... the gentrification of PR......
Sad
Don't forget Mr Sanders that most billionaires don't care about others that's they have billions in the first place
Hull was the UK's Puerto Rica after it flooded.

Go help and stop pointing fingers because you are either part of the solution or you are the problem
The glory of wealth and of beauty is fleeting and frail, virtue is illustrious and everlasting.
We should use the talent and $, Trump wants to use on his personal parade to help the US territories.
You now have three properties, how much is enough Socialist Sanders ? 
Bernie Sanders net worth: Bernie Sanders is an American politician who has a net worth of $2 million dollars.
That just not right. That moron in office still won't accept that they are part of the US. Till he is gone they won't be back to where they were before the storm. Ugh!!!
Shameful truly shameful#SelfishDeplorables
The richest country in the history of the world??? How much weed you smoking fam??
Which country do you think is the richest?

PR power problems were far before the Hurricane.. We arent responsible to fix stuff that been neglected.. Three hurricanes, a broken dam and major wildfrires.. Only so much momey to go around Bernie..
What do we do? Tell me. Need instructions
Simple White vs brown #trump loves whites hates browns & blacks.
McDonald's earned 7.1 billion for shareholders.  Did they really need a tax cut? @fightfor15 @Show_Me15 @RaiseUpfor15 @FightFor15FL
Good job they don't live in Haiti.
Send them your $
What the hell does one have to do with the other!
Please retire and let the next generation step up. You’re partly responsible for our divided country.
Bernie give them your money or better yet take there yourself and stay #BERNIEGOHME PUERTO RICO wants the benefit without paying the price of statehood, no thanks
You are a part of the government. Is there nothing you can do?
Bernie please keep fighting the fight
There is a special place in hell for the Repugnacans who passed this tax fiasco.
Who cares! A deer was hit on hwy 35N by Polson Montana.
Is Puerto Rico a state or territory?
Puerto Rico’s Democrats, who run the place, have stolen or misappropriated so much US taxpayer $$$$$ that could have been used to give PR a useable infrastructure !!!
@HuffPost @politico Even you should know that Puerto Rico (the size of Connecticut) needed an entirely new electrical infrastructure.  Terrific job by the Army Corps of Engineers to date.
Money and supplies aren't enough? Maybe we should all go and rebuild PR since the Gov't there Can't get it done.
Then you pay for it. You are rich. Put a crowbar in you wallet and step up!
Everyone got tax cuts sanders get your facts right
What’s your plan Senator. Stop whining
America has gone hell in a handbasket after Trump now corporations can screw over the under dog and get away with it like it's nothing even though we underdogs keep paying for these services and products and when they're defective the corporation says you shouldn't have bought it

Why does this bird look like it wants to raise my income taxes by 96%?

Ten bucks says he has 3 nests....

…
And you have three homes hypocrite
United States is around 20th in GDP per capita.
Shameful
Isn’t that the Republican dream!!!SAD!!!
How quickly our attention(s) shifts...
Thanks senator you always have a #puertorico in your heart 
Sad
So did the multinational corporation‘s and special interest. Keep standing up Bernie for the average every day working American and the poor and the needy.
I'm not a billioaire uncle Bernie and I got a tax cut too!
WOOOHOOO!
They were a mess before the hurricane and now they want us tax payers to bail them out and gold plate the place. They should pay for their recovery.
Please run for president again.  Please.
PUERTO RICO IS IN REALLY BAD SHAPE - However many people think tweeting about politics and who has done what for PR will help or maybe just dont care!, well, Thank you but we rather see something get done about our critical condition!
You are so full of it you communist!
You fail to mention that their infrastructure was horrendous to begin with... I highly dislike Trump, but you're fake news
Tell the whole truth Sanders, some of these people did not have power before the storm,due to corruption . You should do more fact checking before you engage .,but then it would not fit your narrative.
@ComoMaro1 @BernieSandersCA ,  thank's B., your alway's there forPuerto Rico,A while haven't heard from you Start action for the BlueWave&rest of Democrats&independents,we started. Missed you in PuertoRico your trips there,l was in theStatesB.Thank'sfor theHelpYouGiveToP.R.LVB&J~
I'm embarrassed by my country.
Bernie, Why aren’t they using solar power??  Better long range solution.
#Feelthereturns!
Bernie, if they had leadership in Puerto Rico things would have been accomplished.  if you are so worried about it go down &  get it done, which I am certain you can not do.  You'd rather boor everyone with worthless Twitts just to stay in the news.  @TuckerCarlson @chuckwoolery
@SenSanders:

"Casi 200 días después del huracán María, en el país más rico de la historia del mundo, algunos puertorriqueños aún no tienen poder, pero los multimillonarios obtuvieron recortes de impuestos." Senador EUA Bernie Sanders
Two different things and to think I almost voted for you.
Money isn't the answer to all problems, like a Democrat would think. It's time to look at the way that country is run.
And the National Guard is going to the Mexican border......
The incompetence of the current governor, plus decades of lack of maintenance on top of rampant corruption are to blame.
Thanks you senator, for your support. Our community in barrrio Cañabon Sector la Union in Caguas are still without power since Irma. Seven months and nobody come for helping us.
You should also help and quit blaming...
How can you not blame the government for doing nothing?
no need worry of billionaires  first take fake Russia conclusion case money and send it over
@realdonaldtrump 
#MakeAmericaHaveElectrictyAgain #MAGA
Puerto rico is rich?
Once again I wish I could put an angry symbol under this tweet instead a love. I love you, but I am so angry with the state of affairs in this country!!!
ah Bernie, never let the good be lost in the bad eh.... what an idiotic thing to say....why don't you go on tour with HRC and continue stoking those fires. Great for the country!
So, Bernie, how much of your $millions did you give to struggling Puerto Rico? How much have you donated for the suffering in socialist Venezuela.
As always, you are a millionaire (or billionaire?) #Hypocrite with a capital "H."
How many homes do you have?

Sounds like they need the National Guard.
U R A FAKE POPULIST THAT WAS IN ON IT THE WHOLE TIME,MR DEEP STATE STATE HOW MUCH $ HAVE U DRAWN FROM SES 
JUDAS?
Trump and GOP do not consider Puerto Rican's Americans. Both are nothing but racists.
Quit whining about the bad in the world and actually do something about it you populist Judas!
Why dont you sell one or more of your houses...maybe the one you bought with the money @HillaryClinton paid you to become her shill. Then donate it to those devastated by the hurricane.
So very sad!
Don't get fooled again Bernie. Run as an Independent or lose your credibility.
Trump needs to send the national guard to PR, not Mexico.
Disgraceful
21 trillion in debt, your country is not rich
Republicans also refuse to educate our young,pay our teachers,KEEP promises to our veterans and the VOTERS!And lastly destroying are DEMOCRACY FOR THE FINICAL GAIN AND TO PLEASE A  DICTATOR AND IT'S REPUBLIC.
Democrats have destroyed schools with common core and the teachers union is and has been one of the biggest donors to the DNC. But blame republicans after 8 yrs of Obama doing so much for teachers.
Wish Tesla Towers be built for them, no need to dig holes for poles as well stringing electrical cables between them. Add WaterSeer to assist in providing fresh water for them.
They have a massive debt. Spent way too much money they did not have. Their government threw out promises like you do and reality has caught up.

I liked to remind you they voted against statehood
https://youtu.be/XJYmIPDsGbA   More welfare slugs to vote democrat right Bernie?
That speaks more to the corruption of the Puerto Rican government. Stop with your class warfare. #TaxationIsTheft

The power is out on Puerto Rico because the infrastructure was totally destroyed.  Work has been ongoing, but rebuilding takes time.  Anyone who has been through this knows.
Bernie,I do not believe you anything
This doesn't make any sense.  Go help them, organize help, don't sit and wine about it!
And what did you send there Bern?
I think the @gop plan is that it'll trickle down and eventually $1 will get to Puerto Rico.

Fact is your Gop dont think its America and dont think theyre Americans
Hmmm..@SenSanders maybe you should be looking into the corruption in PR before you start talking. Where supplies spoiled or were stacked up in the ports.
I wonder if the national guard could help out? Oh, wait, they're not busy on the border watching people not immigrate illegally. So i guess that's a no.
Also Bernie you talk about the rich getting the tax breaks. Did you forget that you just bought a multi million dollar home not too long ago. So why don't you donate the money that your making from your tax breaks. If you believe it's so wrong?
This is unforgivable.
The richest country in the world?? How much is the USA in debt again?!
Bernie, What did you and other Democrats do for P.R. when Obama was President? They have been bankrupt for quite a while and have needed help for a long time. Like Hillary did for the Haitain people? Stealing 120 million.
We should be ashamed.

.@FEMA_Brock is wrapping up his visit to Puerto Rico today after meeting with local officials, discussing long term recovery efforts, and supporting progress after #HurricaneMaria. 
Unrelated issues. But typical comment to be expected from an agitating socialist.
#DeplorableAdministration
Something for sure wrong here
Yes, it’s the billionaires fault. Great logic @BernieSanders. Has nothing to do with the Democrats in office in Puerto Rico.
Your reference insinuation is correct . These men in controlling power of our country / our. Nation / our people right now are very evil greedy power gorged men TODAY. We must RESIST TODAY to GAIN A BETTER TOMORROW FOR our FELLOW COUNTRY MEN. We want government/noTYRANICAL RULERS
I love my rich donors. I love giving them tax breaks and make them richer.
Really bernie thier power was sketchy before the hurricane
richest country hahahahah you have 20 trillion debt! and rising. Your great grand children will be the poorest of all paying back the debt if ever....
#ImpeachTrump #RacistTrump
He does not consider them part of America.
What did PR do with the 22B they received?  Infrastructure should have been improved, but now they want More!!!
Imagine people wanting to keep their own money, instead of the government taking it to fund whatever project that helped run up 20T debt. How many deductions you file, houses you have?
USA = selfish money grubbing narcissistic society ..... NOT I !!!!!
Why is the richest country in the history of the world ranked 36th in terms of access to water and sanitation? Providing clean drinking water to every American citizen should be a priority over giving tax cuts to billionaires.

Source: http://ohchr.org/EN/NewsEvents/Pages/DisplayNews.aspx?NewsID=22533&LangID= …
Why? It's the GOP way: money first.
Millionaires and billionaires!
Where is the relief money for Haiti from the Clinton Foundation?

If Puerto Rico would have elected Republicans instead of corrupt Democrats then the infrastructure would have been built correctly the first time and if there was any damage then it wouldn’t have been politicized by Democrats to hurt Trump. You are a con-man & fraud.  #MAGA
Bernie, I appreciate that you're bringing attention to PRs plight, but this deserves more attention still. PR is still in bad shape post hurricane. Dems can be doing more. This should be front page daily.
Maybe they should move here. Legally.
Hey Bernie, I know this type of thing is your forte, but how about an attempt at understanding the Puerto Rico problem instead of epeating these tired and counterproductive class wars?
