They didnt create it. Over prescribing. Drug trafficking. No accountability. The drugs have real use and purpose....no drug company advocated for addiction or abuse of.
biggest problem is there are people that need these meds but are being punished for others deeds Telling a cancer patient to tough it out is laughable or a person with a nerve dis-order Pain is real and doctors should not be punished for legit scrips
Actually the problem is that hospitals get points based on patient satisfaction and different metrics. Some providers were too quick in prescribing opioids for patients. Ive seen a lot of caution w/MDs of late. Nerve pain is usually treated 1st w/gabapentin, which isn't an opioid
I have 3 burst disc in lumbar spine plus scaring on spinal cord ( arachnoiditis) Nerve damage and Migraines Having a Doctor shrug and say take a advil because I am to scared to prescribe meds that would actually give me a quality of life is laughable and Yes Gab. does not help me
Try chiropractic I swear
not with my spine I would be even more crippled then I am now as arachnoiditis is spinal cord scar tissue damage pulling and twisting it is a no go .
Sorry to hear that. Even with the inflammation of the arachnoid membrane chiropractic could be very beneficial in down regulations of the nerve impulses similar to how e stem works to bombard and deaden the nerves.
STill do not want to risk it honestly pain is a bitch and if they mess up ...well dont even want to contemplate that  And yes E-stem helps but still people with legit issues should be able to get the Meds they need
Opoids manufacturing is not to blame. How about we blame the dealers like the cartels, the same cartels that Obama administration gave AR15s to
What kinda bullshit question is that?Of course opioids are addictive,everybody with a standard education should know that.Merely the fact that opioids can be addictive should not be a guilty sentence for opioid manufacturers.Opioids can be a good thing. Depends on how it’s used.
EXACTLY. why blame the manufacturers? That’s insanity. People are accountable for their OWN actions. It’s not the company’s fault or the doctor’s fault.
Well yes but it really can be the doctors fault. It depends. Most doctors are not guilty for anything at all but there are some doctors who knowingly over prescribing or prescribe to a patient who just don’t need it and the doctor knowingly prescribes it anyway but the patient
True, but 99 percent of doctors aren’t corrupt, and most actually want to keep their license they worked hard for.
#reversetaxcuts
That is the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard 
What the dumbest thing you heard
IF you want to see who is responsible for this, then look on further than the CDC and it's pain management guides it has forced on doctors and hospitals. Yep the good old federal government is just as much at fault as the big drug companies.
How can I get out into the public that NO GOOD DOCTORS TAKE MEDICAID !!!
Pay your own premium and hey, prob solved! Medicaid reimburses minimal. So, the Dr pays for ur medica d them gets basically no reimbursement... the should just volunteer
#CIA
Opioid addiction started because people unable to go to hospital due to having no medical insurance we prescribed opioids.
It’s a national scandle. #saveourNHS
Stop jumping on the latest bandwagon

weird how big pharma vigorously supports the savage war on drugs / plants, whilst peddling dangerous synthetic opioids and spawning nationwide epidemics. and somehow these corporate drug pushers are untouchable. why is that?
Start with Cory Booker
It is Not drug companies or doctors causing fentanyl and heroin overdoses, it is drug dealers who bring in the drugs from China or south of our border. Millions of chronic pain and cancer patients are suffering and suicide is skyrocketing now because of these lies and media hype.
All of the Democrats who keep taking money are responsible for the opioid crisis and the mass shootings as we can tie all mass shooters to psychotropic drugs such as RITALIN.
IF YOU WANT TO CONTINUE TO GET MY VOTE YOU MUST ADDRESS THE RESPONSIBLE CHRONIC PAIN PATIENTS WHO FOLLOW THE RULES, URINE SCREENS, PILL COUNTS, INVASIVE PROCEDURES, NERVE BURNINGS, USE OF ALTERNITIVE COMPOUNDS, NATURAL AYURVEDIC THERAPIES, CHIRO, MASSAGE AND TENS THERAPY
Thank you I'm a chronic pain suffer I take hydrocodone have for yrs have a pain contract with my Dr ..I take my pain med responsibly I m not addicted but dependant. Have never sought out other drugs,don't get high or have a euphoric feeling what I take keeps me mobile/independent
Yes honey! We have to speak out. I wish we could march for chronic pain, to place more restrictions on imports and implore extra manual screenings of packages from China hiding these deadly Fentanyl and Carfentanyl analogues.
I will vote for you again!
Drug addicts are responsible, nobody else. Inanimate objects can’t personify.
Disgusted 69000 deaths mostly from ILLEGAL drugs while those of us disabled vets and cancer patients rare disorders suffering and committing suicide WAKE UP # cruel drs leaving DEA threats no meds for surgery — HELP US - STOP THIS
And in a few years, you’ll be fighting Marijuana manufacturers
Pay attention @realDonaldTrump this is what real leaders act and sound like.
Like angry socialists? Gotcha
Hmm. Isn't this Donald Trump's issue?  Copy cat.
No, Karl, it's time to figure out how to stop the Chinese from selling cheap fentanyl to heroin dealers who can't be bothered to warn their junkie clients that it's 1,000 times more potent than heroin.  That's the opioid crisis, not people getting vicodin for hip replacements.
I have never heard anyone respond to the chronic pain sufferers who these medications were intended for. Stats have proven that the same amount of addiction is the same as 1929 . The fact that we again are letting congress legislate a doctor on personal care is infuriating.
No. They are NOT for chronic pain. They are for terminally ill only. There in lies the problem. Chronic pain is not reasonably controlled, more is needed, addiction occurs.
Actually they DO work for chronic and intractable pain,  I was in the same dose for many years now reduced 90%.Difference  with adequate pain control I was able to have decent quality of life.  Now I wait to die not because I'm addicted ,but b/c of the hysteria flooding the land
Are you suggesting the American troops just abandon the USA'S opium fields in Afghanistan?
So just found out West Virginia started something if you are in chronic pain 3 months + you can’t get opioids until u see a chiropractor or pt. To resolve minor pain that should help  weeding out the problem. If only we could make that nation wide.
Doctors/Medical Groups are also guilty of OVER-PRESCRIBING opiates! I turn them down every time! Medical community BRAINWASHED the public regarding their need for pain meds.
Not true.
This is NOT true @SenSanders and now those of us who R sick & the elderly R suffering because of knee-jerk reactions from politicians practicing medicine without a license Go after the HEROIN that's the issue! #WER1 #VoteEmOut
Where is it coming into are country Bernie let’s fix it that would be a start.don’t you think
Hmm I can almost get behind Bernie on this one. Good for Bernie but we can’t fully blame the manufactures ot the exc. the drs and lobbyists are issue they push the drugs on the people
don’t forget the CIA! we invade afghanistan and just by coincidence, we have an opioid crisis.
NOBODY holds a gun to these drug addicts heads.  THEY CHOOSE to take drugs in quantities and forms that are NOT prescribed or FDA APPROVED!  AGAIN you effing dems just cannot hold the person responsible for their actions.  BLAME everything else.
Exactly. They pushed it with false advertising in medical magazines, bribed the Doctors and got the patients addicted.
and Obama.


This issue should be a bipartisan effort by all members of both Houses of Congress. 

There should also be a separate bill making FDA no longer be a pawn for the pill manufacturers at the cost of human lives from the FDA refusing approval for known alternative cures & treatments
#hack
The opioid crisis is just a way to cull the herd.
Please go away....
Maybe it the dopeheads who like it
Would love to see that Bernie. Is it at all realistic though to expect multinational conglomerates like Big Pharma that OWN countries including a good amount of your peers with contributions, to be held accountable? We know they should be... can they be?
And hold people like you Mr Sanders for the fact that doctors are now letting their patients suffer in pain while the drug addicts still find a way to get high !

I hope most Politicians suffer in Pain Forever !
Do America a favor and swallow a bottle of opioids will ya?
That’s like another Vietnam. 60,000? But it’s probably some secret military op to get that opium from Afghanistan and land it in the USA.

Yea well how much money is wasted trying to minimize marijuana which is a lost cause why dont you use that money and resources on "drugs" that are actually killing people.
If you legalize pot, you are directly contributing to the drug problem in America, Senator Sanders.
Don't forget docs
Long overdue...
It’s not just the pharmaceutical companies. It’s doctors, too. Where are alternative pain therapies? Yes, pain is not comfortable, but opioids are too many times not all that effective. Hence, overdoses as people seek to completely obliterate all discomfort.
Grumpy trumpy wants to kill them I heard.
Drug manufacturers did not hold down anyone in order to feed them drugs. Blame lies with docs who cover their ineptitude by prescribing drugs, opioid & antibiotic. A sad fact is some who really need opioids to manage pain are penalized. Punish the guilty, not the sick.#opioids
"If someone wanted to kill 300,000 Americans and get away with it, they  could not have accomplished it more effectively than our government has accomplished it with the opioid epidemic."
With the help of Govt officials.  Lets not forget that part.
I wish we could have addressed this before all these people had suffered from addiction..some even dying.
Are they putting the pills in people's mouth? You must think we are all just animals that gobble up anything put in front of us?
Remember your compassion. Those with chronic conditions who use opiates responsibly should not be forgotten. Not all are addicted. Many are able to have some quality of life w/opiates.
Big pharama and government in place.
FOLLOWMEEE #TeamBernieSanders #TeamFollowBack
The real lefts view people can not be held accountable for their own actions we must hold evil corporations accountable for what people do in their own homes
It’s time you go away
Thank You Sir @SenSanders You said right, I agreed with you #opioidcrisis responsible are the manufacturers be punish, or well disciplined.
If you wanna help slow down the opioid issue build the wall! Illegal drugs flow across the border everyday because there is nothing slowing them down!! #BuildTheWall
Why is it that the people responsible for this crisis are not being investigated? What if they were trying to maximize profits at the expense of people when they took the steps to create this health crisis?
Time to hold Democrats responsible for a whole plethora of problems.
Also created by failed #warOnDrugs policies
This was created by government criminalizing addiction, not the drug companies. #AddictionIsNotACrime
233 Republicans voted to end Social Security on 4/12/19 via Balanced Budget Amendment. Thankfully, it did not pass. No media coverage!  Watch Senate to see if they will bring it to the floor. 62 million Americans depend on Social Security.     
Vote out GOP in 2018!!!
http://www.sds-1960s.org/books/weatherman.pdf …
We already have laws to hold them accountable, we just need to enforce them equally, no matter what their race or wealth is.
This crisis should have been prevented by the government. Oh never mind they have been bribed by the insurance companies!!!
Manufactures CAN NOT get opioids to the people without a willing Doctor.  Why don't #CommunistLiberals ever go after the perpetrators?
Sure!
Idiot
Yeah...they should smoke and drink themselves to death instead because we make a boatload of $$ on those....until we figure out how to make a boatload of $$ off opioids...then the "Epidemic" will be over.
but not gun manufacturers, got it.
What about the alcohol crisis or is that cool?
Really Mr. Sanders? And what about the Cigarette companies that cause 7 times as many deaths per year than the opioids do? What about that epidemic? I’m guessing you are ok with those deaths since the tobacco companies pay taxes. the crisis isn’t the opioids it’s the ignorance..
Big Pharma and Congress
Exactly, Sen. Sanders!
Both my grandmothers lived into their late 90's. Parents made mid 80's. At this rate I expect to live to my early 70's. Environmental is my suspicion.
If you spent as much time doing as you do talking, some of problems might  be solved. Gate mouth
You need to address chronic pain patients who are being responsible for their meds though, doctors are now scared to prescribe which affects those patients.
Why did you give gun manufacturers immunity from such lawsuits?
Because he's all mouth and no teeth
Big Pharma CEOs won’t sit in death row, if @realDonaldTrump gets his way.
Ppl in pain are being left out of this conversation #shareourpain
Sit down with the president he’s trying to do the same thing you guys can work together
How about the meth problem? It is more insidious easy to get and is responsible for more crimes including deaths ..prisons are filled with inmates who have committed heinous crimes including murder behind a meth high ..more then opioid crimes
Weak individuals.
Sure Sanders,  the user bares no responsibility for their misuse.
I have a syrinx in my spine and use my pain meds very sparingly. Not all of us abuse the meds that help us, but because other people abuse drugs it affects those of us who desperately need them to function.
Exactly right, but why then not hold corporations accountable for H-1b visa schemes which have stolen over 1.5M American IT/STEM jobs fueling the Opioids crisis with despair and destroying what is left of the Middle Class in USA? No rationale exists for H-1b. It is a big lie.
Why is Vermont a mess. Look in the mirror
I agree to an extent, but as a nurse, I believe the doctors prescribing them to patients with not patient education are ultimately to blame.
We need to stop joking, we know addiction is very hard to quit, Tabasco, opioids , alcohol , coffee in Denmark, Holand and Portugal they have legalized drugs and addiction and use have decline also the dead and disease transmicion.
This crap is poisoning some of my family right now.
And who allowed them this amount of power? Bought and paid for politicians that’s who.
#LoDijo .@SenSanders Es hora de que los fabricantes de opiáceos y sus ejecutivos rindan cuentas de la crisis que han creado.
Come on, Bern. You're usually too sharp than to fall for this! vast majority of ODs were caused by illegal fentanyl from China. Even the con men @CDCgov had to admit they falsified stats to make it look like there were more deaths related to Rx & that legal meds aren't the issue
That’s not actually true. The non heroin caused overdoses include legal synthetic opioids, not just fentanyl. But you are missing the point. Many addicts are created by over prescribing drugs, something the pharma companies have a huge hand in promoting.
Omg I really wish you would retire and disappear from this planet.
After overprescribing and getting people hooked, Big Pharma (#Sackler family/Purdue) will under prescribe and leave people in even more pain.
#Sackler family
I’m Bernie Sanders...
It’s time to hold them accountable 
It’s time to hold dish and such accountable
No jackass, it’s time for you to go
Who's responsible? ???  Really  ???  Its Not My Doctors Fault  OR Trumps fault.  It's my fault .  I am personally  responsible  for my abuse. No one else
Bernie, you’re getting old. How many times have you said “it’s time for this” “it’s time for that”? Time you step aside pal.
I have opioid induced constipation every time I hear your wacky quack ideas
God bless you. You and Pres. Trump are enlightening all of us. Thank you, Bernie.
When will you hold the supporters of Chavez’ and Maduro’s Destruction of Venezuela accountable? You actually teamed up with that psycho Michael Moore? A horrible man who practices nothing he preaches.
Even Richard Nixon had a plan to help Veterans returning from Vietnam with drug habits thereby raising the level of care for all American addicts until the Christian right cancelled the programs right along with the Health Clinics.
The Pain Scale is what pushed doctors to prescribe. Stop looking for corruption in capitalism, look no further than your own party. How about you start with the Clintons old man.
It’s time to hold your friend @MMFlint accountable on his disgusting silence on Venezuela. You know.. the country that has collapsed economically, highest murder rate, oppressive policies etc. MOORE IS SILENT. U SAY NOTHING. STARVING CHILDREN SIR.
You don't understand what you are supporting. These people are LIARS:
It"s time to hold the medical professionals accountable for prescribing these drugs. "First, do no harm", they know what they are doing.  $$$$$$$, that's all it's about.
The pharmas job is to kill us slowly while they get rich
You're not going to solve the pro until you properly id the prob and its not the manufacturer
Obama is responsible.
Great point Bernie.
Ol man, you were there when they first planted the seeds?!
Legalize the dope! End the Unconstitutional #WarOnDrugs now!
And those that created plastic and factories too. The environmental damage these things cause are too horrible, horrific, terrible.
How do you count the cost of human life? My daughter just died from an accidental overdose, and yes she was prescribed her meds for pain.
Why don’t you just push thru a a bill pushing for Marijuana legalization, or due via Tax Code loopholes, the Federal Gov makes it a “cash-cow”??
Hey, Einstein, support Trump’s immigration plans and his wall, then watch crime and drug problems go down; this is not rocket-surgery.  Stop worrying about the immigrant vote and help your country.  Don’t agree?  Time for you to hang it & move to Europe.
Now, no affordable healthcare to help victims. Opioid costs rise in the meantime. Destroying the helpless, especially Veterans because VA will pay big Pharm. #smh
Let's solve the only real crisis first.  The Russian occupation of the executive, and legislative branches of the US government.
While you're at it go after the people making and pushing Adderall ,It's legalized Meth
Drs should be held accountable also!! These drugs were made for people dying of stage four cancer!!
Not for muscle aches or a pulled tooth!!!!
The best fix for DC is to start from scratch. Thats the only way there will ever truly be change. Its a bicker fest, too much wheeling and dealing instead of moving forward without baggage.
Don’t pharmacies donate a lot of money to you?
Not to mention they have been around for well over half a century.
Hold the Manufacturers Responsible? They dont write prescriptions Bernie. The Dr. who went to school for several years is the one that decides what you need. Everyone knows they can be addictive. I'm sure you can find something else productive to keep you in the spotlight.
How much has that socialist baster made off of drug companies
You keep talking but don’t do anything?
Bernie Your a little late where were you 3 years ago , now you just a Johnny come lately?
Oh it's horrible.
How on earth can one blame the manufacturers for a drug that doctors prescribe and people abuse?  Only a socialist could.
Doctor, I suppose, are merely street level drug dealers and not to be held accountable.  Do no harm indeed.
Honestly a lot of doctors get treated like shit by patients. It's why their suicide rates are so high. While they're still partially to blame I don't really think they need the extra abuse.
Hey that’s two statements that I agree with you Bernie in one day.
time for them to feel a Berning sensation in a sensitive area
These pharmaceutical companies just sell temporary fixes to keep you buying more, for drugs that do more harm than help, just to keep their pockets lined! They are Criminals!!
Bernie how about you take it a step further and ask them to talk about their reasons for invading the middle East, the shipments of unburned poppies coming from there, and the shipments of drugs from Mexico that they let in. The us government profits from the war on drugs.
Yeah, definitely got to work on that too. I think he's saving stuff like that for a later date right now considering how heavily republican controlled our government is though, honestly even this is kind of pushing it at the moment, but at least it'll show us who not to vote for.
It's hard to directly fight a type of political theory, but don't worry, it's being quickly pushed out by younger generations who have seen its harm.
hundreds of thousands of people's lives are being wrecked because doctors are now afraid to prescribe needed medication for pain! if you're truly concerned abt the opioid epidemic, at least consider those people. it's a shame you are pushing out this swill one-sided rhetoric.
Wow, all this time I thought it was the Doctors who wrote prescriptions like they were signing autographs for fans.
They're more of a symptom of the real problem, honestly if something like weed were a legal alternative they could give that to most of the people getting opioids now and save them as a last resort option.
And the doctors who are given incentives for giving prescriptions for the poison. Accountability!!!
We’re letting congress limit a doctors ability to make care decisions now?
We're letting congress put in more regulations to protect patients from the whims of pharmaceutical companies that have been known to buy out doctors to get them to prescribe their pills. Opioid addiction is a serious problem, and there are ways to work around it.
This has literally been a problem through all of human history. There is evidence of opium abuse at Neolithic sites. This isn't a new issue.
I'ts been an issue, but not at this scale, and I don't think poppy farmers were capable of directly buying out their governments in the past, though admittedly a lot of people are capable of directly buying out our government.
@realDonaldTrump
I feel like you don't understand memes.
Thoughts on S. 2260, the Opioids and STOP Pain Initiative Act??
Yep.  It would never be the fault of someone that took the meds. Why would any person take accountability for their own actions.  Idiot.
Because why take pills when you could have crippling pain, am I right?
It is about time someone blamed who is really responsible: corporate CEOs
Big Pharma that spends millions on Congress members AND neoliberalism which Congress is quite happy to support which causes great suffering for the masses. #LearnMMT and find out how to liberate ourselves from the rule of the oligarchy.
It has been time Senator. You should have dealt with this in your first term. You have missed the boat, so it is a good thing you have so many houses.
Bernie you have done nothing
In last 9 years.  
Just putting out empty
Promises noone is buying.

What have you accomplished
In nine years?
And DRs!!
As a bedside nurse for 25 years, I was a first hand witness to the rise of the opioid epidemic. 

The BULK of the responsibility for this epidemic is Pharma CEO’s...not doctors.

Yes, a few doctors did bad things. But doctors r not the root cause of this issue
Illogical Bernie the socialist.  The manufacturers of opioids are responding to a market demand-pursue the doctors.  Would Bernie go after the farmers who raise tobacco or manufacturers of gunpowder... and on & on.
Heroin makers are cashing in since heroin is cheaper to acquire than opioid
It's time to hold democrats accountable for pushing open borders, while we have citizens dying at the hands of illegals
Actually on average immigrants are less likely to commit crimes than native populations due to fear of things like deportation, and we wouldn't even have problems of immigration if we weren't fucking up places with things like the war on drugs that's tearing Mexico apart.
Polititians... period.
um, aren't you in favor of drugs period? sham
In favor of drugs, but only when properly used. Opioids should be a last resort for those with crippling conditions that can't be treated through other means, and there are other options that would work for anything else. Specifically weed.
What about closing the border where #heroin and #meth are pouring in by the knapsack full? #BuildTheDamnWall quit chastising #capitalism #ClassWarfare
Yep
@AlanIAbramowitz But let gun makers off the hook, Bernard? What's your logic, aside from a payoff to your campaign?
Actually more recently he's been heavily against the NRA, probably due to taking the time to properly examine our country's gun violence problem and  talking with school shooting survivors.
Stop! Realize by attacking the manufacturers you are depleting the supply 4 LEGITIMATE pain patients forcing them 2 the streets/suicide. The CDC study they are depending on is skewed by street drugs & dealers. Get it straight ONCE please BEFORE you make LAWS. THIS is HEALTH care.
We do have safer options available that could be put into practice relatively easily to work as alternatives with opioids as a last resort. Sort of like how antibiotics work. We have new stuff for general use, but as a last resort we keep the old stuff with worse side effects.
The democrats because they want to let people pile into this country without any sort of checks done and also because of all the illegals coming over the boarder from Mexico
Who else love these videos?
They’re like mini press conferences from Bernie 
The Socialist such as yourself are responsible for the Opioid manufacturers and their executives and you are held accountable for the crisis they have created you yourself said as Socialist we must all spread the wealth meaning Opioid's you yourself should have known better
The so-called war on drugs is the cause of the opioid epidemic, as much as you like to blame everyone but government for all the country's problems...
Sure. Good idea. Also time to hold you accountable for the crisis that you (helped) create.
What would that be?
What about us who depend on opoids for pain relief???? Your killing us by suicides daily.
You can't cherry pick which drug problem to go after. If you fail to recognize the whole of the drug abuse problems in America, you're avoiding the real problems we have.
For instance, we know low income youth are more susceptible to smoking cigarettes. It’s the same with drug abuse! 

You’re wrong about manufactures. People in serious 
Chronic pain struggle to find a Doctor to treat their pain today! It’s been that way for quite some time.
Socio-economic problems lead to drug abuse. Mental illness leads to drug abuse. Do you want to solve the problem or try an control it? Creating jobs, better healthcare...  we need to deal with what leads to drug abuse in the first place.
Oh. You mean like passing&enacting Bernie's Medicare for All bill? You know, the one where every person in the US gets healthcare including mental health regardless of employment status? It saves money and increases quality of care. Ultimately increases jobs.
Cool, 1994 I actually thought I would receive help quitting smoking. Nope, would only call my phone daily to ask if I had smoked that day. That's not help
Spot on as usual Bernie!!
How about the drug abusers are they not guilty ?
It’s up to the people to use and abuse opioids
Or we could hold people accountable for their own behavior and then help them recover.
Have you been an addict? Have you had to self medicate due to lack of healthcare? An addict already pays. Most hate themselves more then anyone else could. Throwing them in jail does zero
Hence the help them recover... we can always blame someone else or we can help them recover. Not once did I mention incarnation. Every addiction starts with a choice however, but I’m interested in helping recovery for those who want help
So those who were told that they were not addict and took them as prescribed that got addict was their choice? Most that are addict didn't start doing them as a party drug. Oxys are not really a party drug. They either were prescribed it or took it at first to self medicate
U lie
Evil . What better way to reduce the population and make money at the same time . Same goes for abortion. We can fire millions dollar missiles across the globe but we can’t put Roundup on a cropduster kill opioid fields .
Who thinks that young people are not getting addicted tobacco? Not as many as before, but there are plenty of smokers where I live.
People prescribed opioids in pain my pain doctors. Have surgery, r not detoxed, Instead they are prescribed opioids to go home on. People need to be detoxed and sent home after surgery on non-narcotic pain medication. Medical community not addressing prescribing
And the doctors
How has this not happened yet?
The Doctors that perscibed and got kickbacks from big pharma is also to blame!
its the people who put it in their mouths, and when i got a toothache i need a NARCOTIC, not a useless ibuprofen!!!
It's not about who is responsible for it.   It's about who the eff is going to do something about it.
Don't forget about the crack era, that was birthed by the Reagan administration (Ollie & Co). That has set our communities back with devastating effects.
how about those who misuse them
It’s ruining healthcare. If our patients don’t get pain meds (not Tylenol) we get threatened with complaints and bad service
The doctors that wrote the scripts
