The Young people off today or Clueless have no work ethic and I are going to be the ruination of this great land. Sanders the only thing you like is that they follow you blindly I guess you think we should live like Venezuela huh
bot
If I don't agree with the likes of Bernie Sanders that makes me a bot? Know that makes me a smart person LOL
Smart? Did u read ur own tweet? Grammar much?
Gulag here. Twitter. Where grammar matters
Hey I'm as much a victim of autocorrect as anyone, but I'm not on here claiming how "smart" I am.
How bout a rebuttal argument? A glass of wine? A slanderous story..anything really at this point
A rebutal to what? Slanderous, non fact based, opinion?
"the honorable bernie sanders. is kind of an oxy-moron isn't it?
thats like calling you informed
calling someone informed, does not even imply truthful.
because that how I responded to your untrue comment
truth is fickle, from beholder to beholder. obviously what you, consider as truth is what i call a lie, false witness, false prophecy and a sin. and so are, all your sources of truth.
go on preacher because you have stated a falsehood without evidence. Then you try and talk down as if you word is greater than any other. What a true fool
and you, have offered no evidence of it being untrue. in case you, cannot read it is also my given job assignment to judge the living and the dead in this second coming. so just who is the fool, you or THEIR Male Child?
it is amazing how many people, do not know this story of The Physical Creation. about Adam being put to death, and returned as THEIR Male Child adam and his sister. where adam and his sister are always placed in charge for The Last Day.
We adults have seen a socialist that preys on the youth of a nation offering free goodies for a vote, then convinced them to remove their weapons... His name was Hitler..
Wow. How little knowledge you have. Can you even point out germany on the map?
That's up to you. But you shouldn't take yourself seriously, you'd just get disappointed.
Hey #Bernie let’s work together strengthen the global economy by keeping it real with the other countries....
Idealism leaves no room for reality. Ideologues are dangerous.
It turns out that Bernie didn't have a spine. Many voted for Trump because Sanders just laid down 
and became Clinton's door mat.
Sad! Bernie just go and enjoy life...
"we got this"!
It really is difficult to conceive that so many laud Marxism, as if 100 million murders weren't enough deterent.
Sanders is a social democrat. The most successful countries in the world are social democracies. He's nothing remotely like a Marxist.
Gulag here. Cite one. Just one
#Venezuela is @SenSanders model for America!  #YouthPower
except its not and he has stated Scandinavian, but dream on
So I sent u a statement from Bernie and with a quick search you can find multiple videos of Bernie praising Venezuela and other failing countries.  Mix in Scandinavia which it’s citizens pay very high income taxes and suffer from irreversible economic ills. Stellar models
Uh huh the happiest, healthiest, I can go on countries in the world. The true fool
Then apply for citizenship.  Have you traveled to any of these countries or just looked it up on Wikipedia?  I have and it’s not as glamours as you think.  The youth tell a different story.
You really are unaware
Thank you for opening my eyes.  Im now aware and feel I deserve #Universalhealthcare , #freecollege, #EqualPay, fight #whiteprivilege, #GunControlNow, silence #conservatives, #SanctuaryCities, higher #taxes, blah blah blah. The Revolution Comrade!
Comrade. I ain't your comrade
Liberals treat poverty as wage prob. It’s a work prob & best way 2 get people working is 2 ensure they’re not priced out of a job  https://www.bongino.com/proof-raising-the-minimum-wage-cant-reduce-poverty/ …  Socialist Bernie wants Govt. Jobs for all w/ Healthcare & $15/hr. DEMS out of gas/nothing left but 2 offer free $$ 4 votes
Bunch of lazy gimmies
Only if they rid themselves from the greedy & selfish cocaine mentality from the 20th Century.
Young must work hard and protect our borders,  you will be sidelined if not careful.  Capital pursues profit and young must sell SKILLED LABOR to accumulate that first pot of gold.
Which is what, exactly?
@SenSanders continues to inspire.  Thank you.
ie ...Jew-hating, anti-free speech fascists
@SenSanders your influence was instrumental in creating a socially aware generation. Thank you.
I think you meant to say "socialist " 
But in that same conversation, the young must learn from our past mistakes and change them, not continue doing the same things over and over.
#LulaLivre for Brazil's democracy
I vote  " Yes" when considering my grandchildren. Bernie, we need to take down the cabal.
What must America become, if not a free and independent nation? That is our roots.
Thé future is now and not tomorrow,,,give your place to the young people.
I agree with the message, but all Congress seems to be doing is "talk".  Please do something! Or are you just going to filibusterer until the next generation takes charge?
You mean Great for a change?
Today's young people have advantages of having volumes of minute-to-minute information on how the U.S. is governed.  Transparency is truth is ethics is good.
I pray it happens sooner rather than later Mr Sanders the sooner Mr Trump leaves the Whitehouse the better for the whole world.
I felt *exactly* the same after I saw those gun-control marches last month.
Do you mean the young children that the Liberals are using for political footballs
Honorable????????
yup yup
I pray your right!
And we all pray you don’t right
Great again.

Aye but how much time do we have to preserve what they might yet bring to the world
Another communist nation??? No thanks, done had a belly full of the liberal communist ideology, just by watching the so called educated liberals that don't know basic history, try to answer simple questions. They don't teach academics no more, only the liberal communist ideology
Yes, because there is no better governing principle better than idealism. No need to be practical.
I am very confident about our future now that we now have a real POTUS.  Just think how messed up we would be if bernie or hillary were running out country.  Makes me shiver.
1st picture: Protesters
3 other pictures: Gaza terrorists

I'm posting it because you seem not to understand the difference.
The country is dominated by two hawk parties

Quit both, Bern
Because giving up my Natural and unalienable Rights for Marxism is really smart!
It actually is, you should seriously try it
Just say “NO”to Bernie.
Lol why's that?
