We do not know the circumstances of his coming here... he has been here for 30 years, checking in every year. This is what we do? He is a person and his family are Americans.
33 years and still didn’t bother to become citizen?? I know ppl who became citizens in less than 5 years this lands on him, not ICE
Same old story - the 0.00001% are buying our elections and Sanders is focusing on undocumented people.  Would you focus on draining the damn swamp Sanders!!!  Run with Lawrence Lessig and end Valeo and Citizens United.  Corporations are not people. (retweet, don't like)
He was forced into hiding by his own lawlessness by becoming an illegal alien in MY country.
Yeah go ahead and break the law.
no such thing as storix or not
Sir, please consider legal immigrants plea as well #HR392 is required to pass in Congress #EndGreenCardBacklogs
Why is Bernie pretending to pray with the pastor?
Immigration reforms are the necessary solution to the Divide and conquer culture that Trump is current nurturing. I applaud Bernie Sanders who exposes the immorality of the discriminatory practices of destroying families and communities.
The real story is that you, Bernie, are supporting people who are breaking our laws, and clearly not your constituents.  Please support the people who elect you, and expect representation - not thieves and lawbreakers.
CNN is owned by Hillary Clinton
Sanders I believe you have what it takes to stop this mess and this Administration. As an immigrant I too feel this man’s pain. I’m glad I voted for you. Please make America what it needs to be. An example to others.
CNN sucks
Key word.... ILLEGAL
so since he can brake the law can i ?
If he is here illegally then he needs to come in legally.  If he is a Christian then God expects him to do what is right, he should lead by example for the people he shepherds.  Just saying.
Following the law is Christian?
We as Christians should be striving to walk a righteous path, growing in the LORD and seeking God’s will for our lives, with that said....
Romans 3:23 KJV
[23] For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;
None of this talks about law
Luke 20:24 KJV
[24] Shew me a penny. Whose image and superscription hath it? They answered and said, Caesar's.
Luke 20:25 KJV
[25] And he said unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which be Caesar's, and unto God the things which be God's.
You know the Pastor in question paid his taxes right?
So, he paid taxes. So being a Christian gives him the right to break the law? If you break the law of the land you are a criminal, period. Christian or not. Why would he be blameless, while he is breaking the law. Are you an anarchist?
You still have not provided me with any bible reference in which a good Christian must follow a states law.  If the law of the land was that women were not allowed do vote and a women tried to vote and was arrested, would she be un-Christian in her actions?
This is despicable!  Trump should protect people like him!
It's very obvious that Bernie is one of the lizard people leaders, come on America, WAKE UP
And you still enjoying you million dollar homes, Sick on your part
This Pastor is disobeying the law of the land. He knows what Christ said about the law of the land.
We never had that border, traditionally. All the Indigenous of the Americas had massive trade routes, instead, north to south. We were 60mil strong at First Contact, because of it. Does the USA want economic growth? Or isolation? It CANNOT have both.
you rightly criticize Trump for demonizing immigrants, but you deserve to be criticized for demonizing sex workers
Sanders 2020
christians are so torn. he loves jesus, but he's brown... nah never mind. being white is way more important to christians than loving jesus.
You meant to say impact on families who have members who are not legal citizens.
Well we get the government we deserve so here we are.
Thats why we voted for TRUMP to drain the swamp. So lets get that wall up.
If his children were born here, can't they sponsor him??
How about we defend American families. Obama put half the hopuseholds in America on foodstamps. I am sure you could wreck the rest. A country that doesn't put citizens far ahead of foreigners doesn't deserve to be called a country.
You liar. Hilary supporters attack a homeless woman because she was defending Trump's star on the walk. Liberals are so callous and cruel, insane would be a fine description.
Yes it should, CNN represents FAKENEWS!
If you care so much why have you not passed DACA law 1.8 million to stay? Give us our border protection and they could of stayed!
Mio
LOL HE SHOULDN'T HAVE BROKE THE LAW
Uggh
He's an illegal...go home
Lmao, yea but its ok for hillary clinton to wear the face and drink the blood of a child hey bernie?? Is that what u support?
HE WOULD GET HIS DAY IN COURT, WHY DID HE WAIT 30 YEARS TO BECOME LEGAL, EVERYONE HAS AN EXCUSE, IF YOU WERE BEING ROBBED EVERYDAY I AM SURE THERE IS MANY REASONS WHY THE CROOK ROBBED YOU, BUT THE FACT IS IT IS STILL ILLEGAL TO ROB PEOPLE. THE LAW IS THE LAW.
Stop with your immoral lies Bernie Sanders.

I will leave America if youre the POTUS.
Unlike lying Chelsea,Whoopi,Behar a&Co I will fulfill my promise.
Trump does not care. At all
Do it legally and there won't be a problem.
#fakenews
Sadly Cable News doesn’t seem to prioritize actual news or stories.
Fascism enacted and proliferating with trump
So sad what is truly going on in this country

This man is American, paperwork or not. Situations dont matter. People do. He has a family and has been here over 30 years. Trump sticks by the rules for the poor and allows complete socialism for the rich. It's crazy people can't see it.
Do you even know what socialism is? Your statements don’t make sense? Which socialist benefits do the Rich participate that the poor do not? I’m curious?
Should it be on CNN because it is fake??!?!! Not that is funny. I don't care who you are.
He was denied a renewal on his Visa? Ahh that suck but you have to go, tis the law of this country. Bernie you should be ashamed of yourself for even thinking the US should harbor everyone that doesn't follow laws. What are you hiding bro?
CNN is busy with the royal baby, Russia, and Stormy. No room for real news. Try Democracy Now.
Bernie only cares about Himself, don’t forget that.
And yet Bernie when was last time you went to El Salvador, and try to help them on their streets.  Hypocrite Bernie
Does anybody, not stuck in an airport, actually watch CNN?
We Stand with This Pastor! Andrew McGregor and I #Feeltheburn and @RevDrBarber and @RisherRev And @TheRevAl
He comes illegal he needs to go!
If they are here illegally, the real story is that they made the choice to break the law and come here illegally, and the impact is failure of Congress and govt to enforce existing law for years. This is BS propaganda by you.
Thanks Bernie for being very clear that the Dems care more about Illegal Aliens than American citizens. Also crystal clear that the rule of law no longer matters to Dems.
Better would be we deport @realDonaldTrump
Instead of worrying about another Countries dilemma all these Dems in California need to focus on cleaning up this State first! L.A. & San Francisco are a mess due to nasty people littering that don’t work; but could work! Illegals thru Tijuana heaps on more!
#abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE #abolishICE
I feel so helpless. So angry. This story and others like it should be carried by CNN. I am relieved that you bring these things to light. I support you, Bernie. I support these families in my heart and in my mind. I am praying hard.
That's all I see on CNN
Illegals should be deported!! Come to America legally!!
Good we want our America back. When illegals come over they take away jobs, really mess up neighborhoods, think they should get free health food & housing. The neighborhood I grew up in is a disaster now. If it isn’t this group, it’s the other one. Either way they destroy
So the poor sap did everything right, except become a citizen, why is that? And now it catches up with him, justice isn’t always swift, hillary is still a free woman too.
Trying to #dictate what news is aired and how it is aired? #FakeNews
es breaking the law!! My husband had to wait ten years before reapplying and thats takin five hes never met his daughter and shes furious at him like its his fault Bernie.
Racism rife everywhere now maybe it has always been as virulent but it feels worse now!
Then maybe as a religious "leader" he shouldn't be breaking THE LAW!

Idiotic.
Thank you for your humanity @SenSanders . #Grateful
Give me a break
Thank you Senator for fighting for families like this!
Every nations has said that internal matter of a nation good terrorism so all problems i think the human right department must shut down every nations has keep aside in front of elected representative ?
hahaha funny that you picked cnn, the Clinton news net work, love your new plan jobs and health care for all, just don't know how to pay for it, hahaha your priceless man
Your a total nut job!
You are all illegal unless your American Indian. The Trumps are from Germany & Canada!!!
GOOD!
I feel bad for this guy but the principals involved are much bigger than individuals.  Either we are a sovereign nation governed by laws or we aren’t.  I paid over 20k and went through a lot of hoops to help loved ones come to this country, why should he do it for free.
Let's talk about American citizens instead, ok!
Like you really care about morality or whether he can speak in his Church.
Support #AlfieEvans he is the one that may change it all.
This happened in Youngstown, OH, to Al Adi Othman, & U.S. Rep. Tim Ryan tried to help, but ICE was more powerful than our Congress!  We have to fix these legal loopholes!
Come on Bernie, can we all step back into reality for a second? Millions of lives are effected differently during all administrations, Republican AND Democrat. You can cherry pick instances from both sides to push an agenda. In 4 or 8 yrs someone else gets a little left behind
Detain and deport all illegals. You and your buddies should have done your job years ago and that family wouldnt be suffering. Hell, they go back with their money every other month so it really isnt that bad.
Please go to pasture and graze
I for one disagree with most things our President utters. However, what part of 'Illegal' in terms of Illegal Immigrant do you not get. The term is not undocumented. It is not 'dreamers'. It's Illegal.  Such support is an affront to all legal immigrants. Are they stupid?


Organize and get out the vote and make sure EVERYONE shows up in 2020 to make sure Trump is a ONE TERM embarrassment! Let's NOT repeat the integrity lapse of W getting a 2nd term!
I agree. CNN needs to start covering the little man struggles again.
Maybe Bernie Sanders and Nancy Pelosi and the other Democrats need to take some of them families into their big fine home and support them their self and still using my taxpayer money
Another great story about American Exceptionalism. #ImpeachTrumpNow
CNN is corporate propaganda and Establishment filtering for the population.
Bernie, you and other career politicians created this America. Not citizen Donald Trump
Actually, this is the result of someone’s illegal activity catching up with them.

You think you're fooling anyone, bernie?
Illegality being held to account, imagine that
To Mr. Trump: I`m sure many of these immigrants have done as much good, in fact a lot more good for USA than your wife has. She is also an immigrant remember.

Illegal
Praying he is allowed to stay.  Absolutely no rational reason to deport him.
Very touching. We still have laws in this country that must be followed.
Fake News, deceptive
This is what true love and compassion looks like. The USA is diverse and rich with cultural influences from around the world. That’s part of what makes us so great. Thanks Senator Sanders for all that you are doing to help the American people.
Access to white people is not a human right.
That's a congress problem. Not a president problem.

Security is a president problem. 

Maybe you should get that fixed congressman.
FYI he is not a congressman but senator, congressman refers to a member of the house not senate in this instance.
33 years to straighten this out, almost as long as Bernie has been in office. Take the money spent making this video and spend it on legal council.
This wonderful hardworking man can't be with his family because of Trump. Ivanka, Jared, Don jnr & Eric allowed to represent the Country ( poss illegally) & take financial advantage of daddy's position because of Trump.
If you are illegal, go back and do it right. I don’t care how many tears there are. Laws matter.
So, for 33 years he chose to not go to a citizenship class?
Why is he hiding? 
First Question: How long has he lived in the United States?
Second Question: During that time, why did he NOT become LEGAL?
Fake news
I don't get what you people seem to understand illegal!!! Immigration you just can't walk into someone's country and expect that you're going to be able to stay there. I just don't get it, come in the way my parents had to come in Legally!!!
Non capirò mai che voglia abbiamo di vivere in un paese dove ti sparano al lavoro o a scuola e dove senza assicurazione sanitaria ti lasciano morire in strada..devono provenire da paesi orrendi..
This video shows how little you uphold the constitution and how little you care about it's real citizen's

Trump administration needs to be impeached, they are heartless, this mimics ethnic cleansing, wake up America
If you refuse to follow the laws on immigration, then hiding is a small price to pay. Families are torn apart if a mother or father is convicted of a felony crime. You can’t avoid the product of bad behavior. Where do you draw the line?
After all those poor  souls are eported, and the 300K deaths by guns-who will be left for Trump to persecute!
He's really lucky cause if us the American people break a law we go to jail or prison and pay lots to lawyers and fines and court cost. He's getting off Scott free and even gets to come back in the right way. So what's the big deal? Unless he's a criminal or something like that.
It's the same as going down a one way street are you going to go down it the right way or break the law and go down it the wrong way. NOPE you going to go the right way. All laws are inforce and must be obeyed.
I got no problem with him being here and I would even love to go to see him preach but I can't cause he broke a promise as he made when he inter the USA and broke the law so he has to go and come back in the right way.
Open border with Mexico and Canada! North American labor unite!
He's been here 30 year and made how much money that he could of gave a lawyer and been legal by now or maybe 25 years ago. There's no excuse for the law rather it be mans law or Gods law.
And Bernie why are you out being the devil as you had been becoming now for the pass 3 months. Don't make me send my angels to your dreams and I can't control them as they leave my side to do their work as they see fit to do. But I will tell ya they are very powerful. So cool it
Old people are wild
He knew the law when he came here and if he is a pastor as he saids he is then he should know between right and wrong as it saids in the Bible. The Bible even speaks about mans law and saids right or wrong god do understand that you must obey mans law. So what's the problem
Lol , that’s a good one .......
So for 30 years he was a felon?
I am a canadian, who is absolutely shocked and disgusted almost on a daily basis by what this so called PRESIDENT is doing to your country. He should be impeached and the sooner the better for the american people and the rest of the world.
Mind your own business.  You have no idea what it is like to have a massive border security problem with 10’s of millions of illegals.   You holier than thou Canadians would be feel the same if the shoe was on the other foot.
FU David, you have NO CLUE> The immigration problem is FAKE NEWS. The immigrants are not causing ANY problems.
You obviously ignorant of the facts and don’t live in any of the border states who are having to deal with the problems on a daily basis. They all have broken the law & if they want to come they need to follow the rules. Canada or any other country would tolerate 10+ mil illegals
Bernie Sanders, I hope God strikes you dead.
Oh my goodness #StupidBernie is at it again.  Hey Bernie, where were you when Kate Steinle was murdered by an illegal alien (who was deported 5 times)?  Where were you when Edwin Jackson was killed by twice-deported illegal?  Can't stand these typical liberal double standards
Trump is enforcing a law that was imposed long before he became President. What did his predecessors do about it ? They didn’t want to lose votes so let the problem develop like a http://cancer.As  POTUS he delivers what he was elected for.
Hey Bernie, I want to live FREE in YOUR home. I want YOU to pay me to work for YOU. I want YOU to feed me & let me have your car. Are YOU going to dictate that small business owners hire people they don’t need? #AntiAmericanCommunist
please run in 2020. and as an independent this time. i beg. don't let the DNC steal it from you again.
I think that would split the Democratic party vote in half during the election while the entire Republican vote would be united. Look up Theodore Roosevelt's independent run against Woodrow Wilson.
Bernie went from 1% in democratic primary polls vs 70% for Hillary, to basically splitting it 50/50

Despite an enourmous effort by the DNC to rig the election, he came very close to winning.

In 2020 he'll start out with 30% and the media will cover him. He'll win in a landslide
The media will cover him? Lol. Not the media on tv that's basically run by Clinton and the DNC anyway. That was part of the problem last time.
While your at it Bernie why don't you open one of your 3 homes to the illegal aliens? How about go back under your rock because you're just another crock like your buddy Killary!!
Bernie Sanders you are amazing person with a beautiful heart I feel proud when ever I listen to http://you.you  talk about common people problems and always try to unite people 
Rose colored lenses shield your eyes from reality
The stories are all very saddening, but the point is- illegal is illegal. I don’t make distinction of point of origin. Everyone needs to have proper residence here.

Empathy
Funny how some people criticize this story from a land stolen from the American Indian. Funny how they’re mostly Christian righty’s. Funny how Jesus can’t teach them empathy. Well, at least they’re forgiven for being such douchebags.

Bernie Sanders is set to announce a plan that guarantees every American “who wants or needs one” a lifetime government job paying at least $15 an hour w/health insurance and other perks.

Don't be surprised when it doesn't work. Liberals don't want a job they want a handout!
All these life accomplishments he has been afforded because of the freedom granted in this county, yet he has not had the time to become a legal citizen in 30 years? What is your message here? This is the @CTGOP fault?
Do you know how to read? Hell, how about listen? JEEZUS!
Unlike most liberal Bernie fans, I can read...and understand reality
Yes Nazis are born losers as well
@SenSanders is fake. Fake caring, fake support. Will say anything to you sheep to get $$$
Love you Bernie #2020election
Love you dearly Bernie and donated 2 years of my life to you. Not biting on this. We are a nation of laws that I am reminded of every time I am caught speeding. There is no excuse for people waiting that long to become citizens if they are clean, nephew in law took 2 years total.
ICE, SHAME ON THOSE MEN!
If they wanted to enter this country legally they would be immigrants not illegal immigrants
Bernie illegal immigrants what part of that don't you understand identity theft fraudulent documents and the list goes on of crimes they commit Bernie you support criminals thank you

What about the poor in America what about the starving in America what about the children in America
33 years. It’s time to go home.
THAT IS SO BEAUTIFUL TO SEE HUMANITY LOVING ONE ANOTHER.I REALLY ADMIRE MR.BERNIE SANDERS BECUZ HE IS ALWAYS OUT WITH THE PEOPLE AND SPEAK OUT AGAINST WRONG.THE PEOPLE WHO HOST SANCTUARY CITIES R BEAUTIFUL SOULS ALSO.THEMOSTHIGH IS WITH US.
That’s sweet Bernie.  You know another key point?  The word “illegal”.  You and your wife should really study that word.
Illegal is illegal. Time hiding does not come into consideration.
Try to get the mainstream media to admit this. They elected Trump. Oddly, the only candidate with guts enough to criticize the media.
Such a travesty
YOU ARE AMAZING
Let’s wrap this up: this guy illegally remained in the US for a whole 33 yrs, during which he never ever thought of applying for a visa or green card. That’s total disrespect to the law. Now you are blaming the law enforcement?
Partly true. He was here as a refugee. That was his status. Sort of waiting for a decision. US pushed it along all that time, dude rode it out. Music stopped. No more chairs
Bernie Sanders you're a Liar. Obama deported many people and it never once bothered you. Stop being a dope.
Horrible.
If this is the health care you want? No thanks!
Sanders it doesn’t make any difference what his occupation is , illegal is illegal
So heartbreaking!  These people are human beings!!! How can we be so heartless??
