This is why we need election finance reform.
And the guillotine.
Let’s call that plan B
B for better?
I kid, but as President Kennedy said: "those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.”
Which is an admonition to pursue peace. Of course I knew you were kidding, I’ve made similar jokes.  you’re right about the Kennedy warning, if we don’t fix this it will eventually end badly.
This is like hearing Jeffrey Dahmer tell the stories of him killing people. It's not surprising, because you knew that was how it went down, but it's still disturbing.
right ... because only the GOP take big money (or any money) from lobbyists ...
I agree no $$ from lobbyists is the goal but GOP is accelerating it while Dem trend is to move away from it
"Government" should only EVER...be about representing the people that elected them.
So basically rich people get to talk to rich people about how they can richer..got it
And this is the man at the head of the Office of Management and Budget, which decides the budgets for the executive branch. #DraintheSwamp, start with this slimy creature.
I was there, you’re not completing his statement, and using parts completely out of context.  Shame on you, again.
How about telling the entire story.  He talked about getting involved and talking to your representatives.   "If you showed up at the office, I always talked to you". It was an example he was speaking to.  Shame on you for not giving all the facts.
This should be called bribery and graft.  How low we have sunk.
Uh... that's illegal. grrrr...
South Carolina !!! are you embarrassed enough yet to vote the GOP out? We can do better , we have better, more moral people running for office. This type of dishonesty and partisanship does not have to be South Carolina's legacy.
Mulvaney admits he can be bought
Saplimander
Worse...he HAS to be bought.
let’s look at it this way chaspy. Trump is a heckler and Bernie has access to the gods grace of love and lust
Republicans feel they can do & say what they want now that they haver a leader who doesn't care if they steal from taxpayers destroy government and the country as long as they are all making money for themselves, these "Slime Dogs" aren't Patriots or Politicians, they ARE FRAUDS.
#FakeNews selective edit. Here is what he really said, which seems to give "ordinary Americans" first priority.
Clean up Congress. Representatives & Senators are paid $175,000 per year. Yet Representatives & Senators need to raise ~ $2.5 million & $10 million respectively in campaign funds to run for office. You & your colleagues don’t see anything wrong? We the people do.
He's a perfect example of why we need to outlaw private money in elections and move to a system where all elections are publicly funded and why we need to outlaw lobbying as a profession.
The government is a plutocracy.
and has been for well over 200 years in this country ...

for thousands of years in all other countries
This is not a country. It’s a corporation.
Most places are now. I noticed the other day that my town was incorporated 85 years ago
Not established but incorporated... all about that $$
AMERICA IS THE KING OF GENOCIDE
if you believe that ... you need to read some more history of the rest of the world
I have thank you.
if that is true ... then you cannot truly believe what you typed ... America is far from perfect ... but not to the level you stated
If this isn't criminal, what is??

.@SenSanders .@SenJeffMerkley .@RonWyden  Please call for a DOJ investigation! The people need you to stand up for us so we can take back our democracy! Thank you.
Your stupidity should be criminal.  http://amp.dailycaller.com/2018/04/26/media-bias-mick-mulvaney/?__twitter_impression=true …
The only stupid idiot is you! Take your tRump/Putin supporting ass back to your basement! Stupid bot!!
we already knew this was the case but what world are we living in where one actually says this out loud?!!
Please spare me. How much has he taken from lobbyists before becoming a saint?
happy to spare you
Why can't Democrats see it's Bernie always working toward what The People need; not vague"growth"touted again & again,but each healthy person,a JOB.Pickg up trash for decent pay is NEEDED,so,dignified.We need EACH OTHER,not baubles & electronics;LOVE,not hate,THOUGHTnotspin
Mick Mulvaney is an example of why people hate politicians.
Call for an investigation, that’s ethics violations!  He publicly confessed!  #DraintheSwamp
Anhorrent. While this is exactly what we knew $ in politics would bring, it is unfathomable that #SCOTUS can allow this to continue.  @MickMulvaneyOMB in no uncertain terms stated that money buys policy, votes, influnce. That's undemocratic at the least.  #EndCitizensUnited
Did he just admit to operating a pay-to-play, influence-peddling scheme while in Congress?
No he frickin didn’t you chaplimander. Stop giving yourself up to the diabolical nature of Walter Herman
How is what he just said not an admittion of running a pay-to-play racket? He said he wouldn't talk to anyone who didn't pay him. This guy is a criminal scumbag. Why would you defend this?
How many houses have you bought on a Congressman’s salary, Bernie?  Where did the money come from?
You liar. Mulvaney FULL QUOTE: “If you were a lobbyist who never gave us $$ I didn’t talk to you. If you were a lobbyist who gave us $$, I might talk to you. If you came from back home & sat in my lobby, I talk to you without exception, regardless of the financial contributions.”
This is ok in the USA most other countries call it corruption.
Trump is beholden to so many. His is crony capitalism, if you pay you get to play...
So the dialing 4 $$$ up on the insanity hill still continues. And you wonder why they can't read a bill before voting on it. #TaxScamBill was 2,700 pgs long. Done in secret with the lobbyists not the constituents of there Representatives.
Just sickening
Mick Mulvaney might as well be Mickey Mouse!! With Trump being Goofy!!!
Isn't this a felony? If not, it should be.
Very true.  What are you doing to fix it?
There will never be Finance Reform, not really. FR would mean Congress, Senators, any lawmaker(this president) would have to reject $ handed to them by lobbyists, special interest groups & super wealthy individuals. And we know that will never happen. We're screwed. #greed
The only way to change this tomfoolery is to NEVER EVER vote for an incumbent AGAIN.  No matter your party, keep voting them out. That is the best term limit imaginable. Also, remove all special interests from DC. We The People should be our representatives only interest. Period.
Burlington Bernie!!!!! Hey Bern how’s Burlington College doing? How much money did you and your wife make bankrupting that school again? True socialism!!!!! Money for me. Nothing for you.
Reality check: @TheDemocrats, who all take #Big, have the same hierarchy. Our system is designed to make everything into a wedge issue except bad laws that enrich donors. It takes both parties to continue. #DemExit @4aPeoplesParty
I want Mulvaney FIRED.  Don't you?

We need to change the rules.
To the rude replies to/about Bernie, I haven't seen another politician stand the floor as long/as much as he has for our human rights &dignity. You're pissed bcuz he ran on D ticket? WTF , I dont get you. It's OK for GOP to play reverse Robin Hood; but, no OK for Bernie to fight?
It SHOULD.....but, the Grand Old Party has turned into the party of Greedy Old Perverts. No ethics, morals, or integrity.  The folks running for office have lost sight of WHY and WHAT they’re there for.
And politicians shouldn’t take bribes and cave to evil.

Bernie wants to do a lot more than regulate the banks, he wants to do away with capitalism completely.
@MickMulvaneyOMB is a crook.
Corruption 101!
Bernie we know how Washington works. When a guy who has never held a real job other than someone who gets the most votes can own 3 homes believe me. We get it.
And yet, there will be no consequences for him and nothing will change.
Curious, if we had public financed elections or major limits to donations, could the rich/corporations still use their money to support candidates through groups not directly coordinated with the campaign, is it possible to stop this without infringing on the 1st amendment?
I speaking mainly in reference to the “527 groups”
I agree, but you didn't mention that a lot of them are democrats in office and some of the most popular actors and musician, and the athletes!
Because our Supreme Court made our Federal government too rich and to powerful!! 535 congressman and senators spending $4.2 trillion per year. That's a lot to lobby for!! Who has the 'power' Senator??
Bernie only wants to be the most rich and powerful, and wants all of you people to have to depend on him!
tell your buddy Nancy Pelosi that with over 120 million net worth, and just love your new plan 15 an hour jobs and healthcare for everyone, best past is then when you say, not sure how we will pay for this hahahaha
YOU FORGOT THE REST OF THE QUOTE: “If you came from back home and sat in my lobby, I talk to you without exception, regardless of the financial contributions,”
“If you were a lobbyist who never gave us money, I didn’t talk to you.  If you were a lobbyist who gave us money, I might talk to you.” HE WAS TALKING ABOUT HIS TENDENCY TO AVOID OUT-OF-TOWN LOBBYISTS!
@CREWcrew  Is Mulvaney legal??? Is pay to play LEGAL???? OMG it's 11am and I need meds or wine. This is insanity!!!!
#BritianDeathPanels #SocializedMedicineKILLS #immoral
find some meaning in life boy
Saving people’s lives from the evil’s of socialism is a pretty good meaning.
Down with all lobbyists and earmarks. They make the congressmen wealthy and steal fed funds
If that is the case Bernie, then why don’t you bring up legislation that removes your “special” healthcare and get healthcare through ObamaCare? Why don’t you bring up legislation to remove your pensions and live on 401k like ordinary citizens? How about term limits?
YOU WONT
Hallelujah!!  Your first tweet that's on the mark.  Everything you utter should have this at its core.  Your message should always be about draining the swamp.  Pick Lawrence Lessig as your 2020 running mate to drive the point home.  Don't be distracted.
Bernie, you and your wife seem to be doing ok, how's that 3rd house holding up
Everything that has long been known but allowed to fester=why Trump elected If ositive palpaple change for& by "we the people"doesn't soon begin to evolve=past point of no return U need 2 seperate from DNC Its lawsuit reinforces IRREDEEMABLE dysfunction/corruption/self interest
Bernie gets sucked into the selectively edited fake news cycle. Mulvaney said constituents from back home always get an audience, without exception.
It's gotten to the point that they don't even feel the need to hide their corruption anymore. WTF?
#wakethefuckupamerica
How much are you worth? Money wise, we know you are not worth a shit as a person
No surprise this was taken out of context for political gain which is also shady within itself. 

http://amp.dailycaller.com/2018/04/26/media-bias-mick-mulvaney/?__twitter_impression=true …
Try reading the entire speech instead of certain snipits.
So looks like Uncle Commie missed the rest!!  "People coming from back home, to tell people in Congress what issues are important to them, is one of the fundamental underpinnings of our democracy, and you have to continue to do it,” Mulvaney added.
Bernie, you lie!
The quote you referenced was deliberately edited to get exactly your statement-Don’t you despise being used for someone else’s political agenda?
Why don’t you reference the entire quote before you put your foot in your mouth?   http://amp.dailycaller.com/2018/04/26/media-bias-mick-mulvaney/?__twitter_impression=true …
Stop lying, playing class warfare, and trying to divide our country
Mulvaney...i want you gone. Not just gone, but vaporized, so that you never turn up in government again. The intelligence community uses a word for that. "Neutralized"!
Bernie
No, you selectively taking part of his quote out of context is the real problem here. Why don’t you be honest and post the rest of the quote?
We know how Washington politicians work. You steal money from colleges to purchase new homes.
I would never believe a Democratic politician unless I have gone straight to the source. Less so if it were a Republican politician.
.Burnie.

That's true.
But you are part of the corruption.
Retire.
Slither away.
how  u diggin that lakehouse criminal killary bought for you to pay you off???
Cutting his quote off mid-sentence tells me everything I need to know about you.
How much do you make a year? You drive fancy sports cars, big house, are you going to give up your money?
Repeating EDITED QUOTE and you are AWARE of it make you are LOW DOWN LIAR senator.
How much money does Bernie and his wife have?
Love is a reward to those who have bared their truth. Congratulations. You are absolutely fabulous.. The word Hierarchy. Excellent. Thank you.
I find under the coverage provided by ....never mind. No comment.
His staffers insist the comments fm his speech were taken totally out of context. “What he was doing, he was praising a grp of constituents, n this case local bankers&pay-day lenders, say'g its imprtnt 4 u2 come 2 DC, go bang on doors on Capitol Hill & speak 2 ur Rep's directly.”
Let's look at how well did you represent the Ordinary American Citizen during your Parties  8 Years in the White House Disingenuous @SenSanders  @SenWarren @NancyPelosi 
.If you were a lobbyist who never gave us money, I didn’t talk to you,”  he said. “If you were a lobbyist who gave us money, I might talk to you.  If you came from back home and sat in my lobby, I talk to you without  exception, regardless of the financial contributions.”
Sounds like a typical republican
Two people that do the right thing for the people!
242 years later the government hasn’t represented the ordinary Americans, so how will it now. Usual typical statements made by Politicians for the last 242 years  and people still fall for it.
In a just society, this kind of statement would get you jailed for life
Rightwingfucknut GOP slimeball SOB
Please explain to us why you advocated for the Protection of Lawful Commerce of Arms bill PLCAA. This act has caused families to go bankrupt when attempting to sue sellers and or manufacturers.
#Lobby is desquised #Corruption
Bernie, maybe you could make your own special interests known? Not sure what you're doing, but STOP sending your supporters to Trump! Is that your game?!
next in the Not News, money opens doors.
It would be more fair to finish the quote, which I understand was, "if you were from back home and came to sit in my office, I always met with you."
Americans which you @SenSanders are not for Americans. You are anti Trump anti American you divide America by race, culture, and freedoms you are out to enrich yourselves as are your colleges (Dems)
in most democracies that would be called corruption
It's a poisoned swamp.
How ordinary are you Bernie? How educated are you? How much wealth do you have? What unions have you belonged to? What military service were you in? What’s your race? What’s ordinary Bernie? Do you decide?
I thank God he wasn't my representative!
The reason u have done nothing as Senator but worth millions now and own 2 homes or is it 3 now?
Will he explain why DC was fastest growing city in USA while Obama was President?
can't wait for this POS to be brought up on fraud charges. what a pathetic loser doing all he can to pay off his bank donors while he's still free.
COMMRAD.... Where do you get your money from to run for office. YOUR WIFE or some other source
His boasts border on bribery!  Did he put the money in his pocket? Is he taking money from the President? Interesting how people expose their true selves. Is he taking money from lobbyists now? Does he work for us or them? Where do they find these guys? It reflects badly on GOP.
Swamp monster mick
Well, Mulvaney is more honest than most Republicons.
Bernie.. 
Here is the truth about single payer socialized medicine.
Unfortunately none of this can be done without financial contributions.
The politicians cave in to the special interests because they need the money to pay TV for advertising. It's a corrupt system.

Haha, you're getting rich, Bernie. Explain that one.
@JayarJackson @cenkuygur @AnaKasparian @johniadarola @jimmy_dore @miserablelib @RonPlacone @JimmyDoreShow @TheYoungTurks
Sickening.  Vote these buffoons out!  Cannot wait for midterms.  The lack of accountability by the GOP hopefully will be brutal to these puppets.
I thought that was your quote barnie.  How does a career politician like you become a millionaire? Own 3 homes? I guess that is why your wife and daughter are being sued.
Hey Tom since you’re such a big supporter of Bernie please suggest to him to tell his “Bros” to stop targeting Joy Ried
Why? Joy deserves all the criticism she gets. She's a liar and a hack.
Mr. Mulvaney At least he was truthful about how he gets his money. I'm just surprised he came out with told the truth about the way he gets his money, He was  An embarrassment to South Carolina And still is, Mr. Trump has taught him all the ways To steal from the American  Public
Bernie is lying about what he said.
Pay for play? Should be endicted and marched off to prison with the republican caucus in tow!
I think pay for play is bad. Not fair to the American people.
He's gaining on prooty.  Might even have surpassed him.  There appears to be a contest on who can be the most corrupt going on in the trump administration!

Bernie; all Americans aren't US Citizens and all US Citizens aren't American. please stop supporting the "Americans" and support we; US CITIZENS.
He shouldn't have anything to with the Government.
Senator Sanders:  An example where: accountability and ethics needs to be legislated.
You have done well in Washington. Tell us how this is done. Many go to Washington with modest assets but come out multimillionaire. Smells fishy.
Mulvaney is every bit as corrupt as every other member of the Trump cabinet. They're all corrupt immoral grifters!
Yet you have been a part of this for 30 years???? What a #Hypocrite
Then why are you always accepting contributions from the lobbyists and corporations?
Except your Socialist ideas DONT represent ordinary Americans. They lead folks down the path to poverty. It makes everybody equal....equally poor.
Rich and powerful should have less say in government. They are less than 1%
Vote for Pompeo
He should be fired. ~ MA
Says the guy taking money from the corrupt union lobby.
Someone should inform you of that
BERNIE SANDERS- YOU HAVE BEEN WORKING IN WASHINGTON FOR A LONG TIME.WHY IS THE GOV. NOT REPRESENTING THE ORDINARY AMERICANS.WE PUT PRES. TRUMP TO FIX THAT.BERNIE YOU SHOULD BE BEHIND THE PRES. 100%
Crook!
I would think this might find its way on tv for the midterms, like every freaking day!!
How much of this is against the law? Which laws could he be in violation & what more do we need to find out in order to determine illegality?

Thanks
#TheResistance
Lock him up
You voted for this bureo
This scenario is not just limited to USA. Should we rethink and reform the way the political parties are run with contributions from business people?
that is how the Republicians wanted, we should all bow to them because of their money and their postion in the public gov offices, the rebuplician party is their roots back to some of r founding fathers who wanted the rich and powerful to run r country.
Come on Bern,we all know how much Hillary took in!Ok, so most of her big donors we other countries looking for favors! Oh,they donated to her CHARITIES!So, a three house socialist, who got abused by the Dimms, makes over a million last year? What, don't say that... hush? Ok! Sad
Yes Bernie he dose business the same as you and everyone else in Washington! We need a government with minimal involvement in certain areas of public policy or the private sector, especially matters considered to be private or personal. #VoteLibertarianParty2018
At least he is honest that the republicans only work for their lobbyists and can care less about people...its always profits before people with them...hope they all go down for their Bullshit views & policy...corrupt and illegal to the bone...admitting their are corrupt or not
Call your goons off of Joy Reid please.
lol
...And you don't do the same thing, Bernie?  I can see that your Liberal, holier than thou rhetoric resonates with the left.
Wealthy special interests make billions in campaign contributions because it buys them access. Everyone already knows that.
You tell us everything needed to know to vote you out. Government jobs for all. What a joke. Jobs that produce no income. Are you selling your houses to pay for this.
Is that true or did you hear it on CNN?
Hey Bernie, how much money did Hillary and the DNC give you to keep quiet about stealing your nomination?
Spoken from a true campaign contribution recipient and hypocrite
Old man that I am sure is on both sides. He either had the balls to say it or he was just stupid. You know no one gets access to any politician unless there are “donation” made.
This wasn’t established over night - it’s been building up over a couple of hundred years. Giving “lip service” to fixing this issue is a standard political stance, but no true attempt to fix the problem has ever been attempted. Maybe, just maybe it doesn’t need to go away.
Crashing and Burning.
4/24/18 Burp: Finland to End its Universal Basic Entitlement Income Program by Year's End.
Report —-> http://www.foxnews.com/world/2018/04/25/finland-to-end-its-universal-basic-income-program-by-years-end.html …
Wow  fkg gop #rethuglicans #VoteThemAllOut
This is nothing less than an admission of bribery 
Its Rome in its last dass
What else would you expect from a Trump puppet whose mission is to gut the CFPB? Might as well soak up some money for Trump's campaign while you're at it.
Talking like a good socialist camarada Bernie.
This is bribery. Why is this not illegal bribery?
They gave it a fancy name...
Well I never gave Mick Mulvaney a dime! And you know why? because Mick Mulvaney is the last person on earth I want to talk with......
Now do The Clinton Foundation

Capitalism allows for the regular person to become the rich and powerful. Old man.
Sounds like pay to play.
Sen. Sanders, you got rich of the tax payer. You are in the top 1%. Your pay as Senator does not get taxed; your HC is better than Obama Care;  you have 2, or 3, houses. You get to keep everything for yourself. And it was all tax payer funded.
What we are seeing is what has been hiding in the cracks and crevices of our government for decades. Trump just ripped off the mask. The casual acceptance of corruption is corrupting in and of itself. It really does feel like democracy is under siege. 
@JordanChariton You caved to #ClintonCash who stole the DNC nomination YOU had in the bag:
Government equally shouldn’t be idealistic, but you’d be out of a job then.
He must have spent a lot of time Talking to Big Pharma, Unions and Planned Parenthood.

And if you were a constituent you could #gofuckyourself
“Drain the Swamp” my foot. This swamp thing needs to go yesterday.
Perhaps we should make government so small, that there is no influence to be bought.
TRAITOR TO THE USA

Washington does not work ! Has not worked in over 20 yrs
Drain the swamp only to fill it with even worse swamp water
Mulvany has no soul. He’s in the perfect spot
Amen Bernie! wished the democrats would have run you in place of Clinton you would have won!!
#Democrats must know about corruption!
Washington does not represent u.s.,  especially the Republicans. Time to get rid of them.
