Yeah but they worked hard to ruthlessly make sure no ma and pa stores stand a chance - they deserve to have their boot on our necks forever. USA!
Start a competing company and pay your employees whatever you want. You could easily steal all of their workers by offering them more money.
So Bernie, if they paid workers with no skills who,are cashiers 50 bucks an hour, how long would they be in business?  People would not shop there because prices are not low.  Man, u need an economics 101 course
nobody wants them to be paid 50 bucks, we're talking more like 15.
You need at LEAST 50k to live decently. 15 bucks an hour won’t cut it.  There are entry level jobs for kids, then really...u need some kind of education to get a decent job and feed a family
Yes, because every Wal-Mart and McDonalds closes during school hours.
My God...Education...Education is whatngets u out of poverty.  No business wants to pay unskilled, maybe high school graduates living wages.  Please, when are people going to be accountable for their lives.  If u have NO education and no skills, don’t have a family
Everyone having college degrees doesn’t eliminate the need for janitors and cashiers. Low-skilled jobs will always exist as a need for society to function. If you work, you deserve to be paid a living wage regardless of the job.
I don’t see you selling one of your houses to help anyone make ends meet.....
1) They recently raised wages
2) People can work elsewhere
3) It's legal. Don't like it? Pass legislation for more regulations.
4) It's the American way.
People can work else where? They do Ms. Smug. The working poor often work two or three jobs. Yeah those cry babies who want decent living conditions and food for their families.. they are sooooooo lazy and self entitled.
The sex workers trying to make a livable wage are being screwed over and endangered thanks to the FOSTA bill you supported
Yes they do plus all that junk they sell Come from China
no I don't mr sanders
Private jets aren't cheap.
It's their money. If people don't like it let them go get another job somewhere else or come up with a better paying job themselves. This is America.
Where do you think all those millions of dollars that went into the Clinton foundation went to ?
The Walton family has earned the 160b they have just like you’ve earned the 800k that you have. They don’t have to give people their money if they don’t want to. There are entry level jobs that pay over minimum, if you work at Walmart, you can’t mad about the salary you earn
I like this new government approach. Go after everything the poor man loves. Wal-Mart, Amazon, guns, food stamps, and healthcare. When are we going after beer?
Bernie, sitting in beach house on a multi million dollar piece of property paid for by the riches he’s gained by being a public servant: Walmart bad. Socialism good.
How dare a family sacrifice so much time and effort and become successful.   They clearly owe all the unmotivated people of the world, who don't put forth time and effort.
Exactly. How dare we work 84 hours a week on the road away from our families to be successful...the people who settle for mediocrity obviously deserve better.
true story by the way, folks
You have multiple houses. How many you going to hire at ‘living wages’?  Don’t you have enough?
This is a stupid tweet.  How does owning multiple homes equate to what Walmart is doing with it’s workforce?  Owning multiple homes is possible in certain areas of the country without being extremely wealthy by being fiscally savvy and responsible.
He’s a politician. He definitely has some wealth to him. I, for one, am sick of hearing people of wealth talk about poverty and living wages. Until you are down here with us, you have no idea what it’s like. He needs to stop acting like he knows something about it when he doesn’t
One of the centrist knocks on him is that he was poor and worked odd jobs for years lmao. He’s one of the least wealthy senators in the country
For as long as he’s been in politics, I highly doubt that.
Just the bottom 20%, my bad
Oh yes, he’s oh so poor... Until he’s living in someone else’s shoes, like mine, he’ll never have a clue.
Didn’t mean to rain on your pity party. No one had ever been poor but you
They got their money doing business with a Communist Country.  But i don't think it is Walmarts fault that Americans shop there.
This entire thread shows exactly what is wrong with America your all so selfish it’s so sad, not my tax dollars to help someone’s medical costs can’t have that, American values are a disgrace it’s self serving an not about your fellow man you should all be ashamed.
Have you ever ran a business @SenSanders?

Let me answer this for you....NO!
I ran a successful small business for 25+ years. I only had 5-7 people working for me at any given time and they ALL made more than the Walmart workers. Walmart can afford to pay more!
And your business that employed 5-7 people has virtually nothing in common with Walmart. Unless someone is claiming Walmart is breaking the law, they should be able to pay their employees the minimum it takes to get the caliber worker they need.
Yes. Exactly. Why would you want to pay an unproven employee a high wage? Let them prove they deserve something higher
Damn right, one of the most unethical companies in the country.
Not not should they pay a higher wage but also cover Healthcare so their employees aren’t dependent on Medicaid! Disgraceful that Walton’s make taxpayers cover their employees healthcare while they make billions! #boycottWalmart
I mean “not only should...
How many millions is your family worth Bernie? Bet you won’t disclose the real number. How those kids doing after your wife embezzled millions and got their school shut down?
Go ask Bill & Hillary Clinton. They are the ones that enabled the Walton family to cash in on imported products from China. The Waltons even gave Hillary a seat on the board of directors. Might want to look at the Tyson family also - same thing.
Berns, bro, clearly you have plenty of money.   So give everyone that comments on this post $100, they deserve it.   I'm up to 2.  You got this.
Is that a rhetorical question?
Yes I do and they won't.
DAS KAPITAL Vol 1
The question is, “why would you expect to be paid more for a low wage job?” If the workers could go somewhere else and get paid more, then why are they still working at big bad evil WalMart?
These corporate elite slimeballs care nothing about their employees. Their idea of success is lining their own pockets and nothing more, and this shows in their poorly run stores which are understaffed to the point where the can't keep basic, common items stocked on their shelves
I just got done talking about all the times that I’ve had clients who were fired unjustly from Walmart for their disabilities and yet continues to subsidize their labor with food stamps & Medicaid.
The company is a nightmare. There have been job orientations at Walmart during which time the hiring managers would literally encourage their new employees to apply for food stamps and Medicaid, even going as far as to give printouts so they could apply.
Everytime Walmart is hiring, people flock to apply there. Maybe just shut up already
How much are you worth Beenie? You and the little woman got any of the university money left?
None of them worked a day in their life,they are the bums of the billionaires!

Of course they do , do u think they shop at Walmart for their needs?
Walmart does alot of hiring of the persons usually not employable by most standards. Walmart does alot of community outreach. Walmart hires veterans.  Walmart prices are low. 
Walmart could do better but at what expense? Not buying from CHINA?
Just because someone is successful, has made a good life for them and there family. Doesn't mean they have to give there money to anyone that needs it, weather they can afford it or not. If that's the case the Clintons should be helping with their fake charity's !
Typical
Yes
I'm sure there are some right assholes in the US, just as there are here in Britain, but the biggest assholes of all, has to be those defending billionaire Walton family to pay their workers less than a living wage.
Yes, there is no reason for them to hoard all that Money when people have to work there asses off to support their families.
You go Bernie!
They could give me a billion dollars and not even notice!
@Walmart sponsored a canned food drive for its employees at one of their stores. How about a living wage instead?  Unbelievable.  #WaltonGreed #tytlive
And they deserve that money! They earned it, the are obeying the law, no one forces their workers to work there, socialists are the dumbest people ever
The Waltons personify this capitalistic society and the greed and materialism that it brainwashes us with since birth or immigration.
Say it with me cap-it-tal-ism. It means you earn what you’re worth. We don’t bemoan success in the USA we celebrate it.
Rachel Maddow is worth $30k a day?
Not to me, but to some people. Different tastes, even if some people’s tastes suck.
Ok, but why does she make more than teachers or firefighters? You see what I mean? Obviously people aren't really paid what they're worth.
Yes giving the lowest fringe of the workforce jobs they otherwise wouldn’t have in a clean, well lit, temperature controlled environment is greed. Got it.
Education Cost and Walmart doesn't pay enough.
That's you. Assuming other's are like you is a problem but you are right about yourself because your thought sounds like lazy thinking.

Bernie if you're so passionate, why don't you start a competing business and pay your employees $15/hr?
Why don't you? Unless..if you started a competing business you know you would screw workers as well?
Am I the one telling a privately held company how to run their business?  And I do own a business. And while I don't pay my employees minimum wage, I definitely would if I thought I could get the skills I needed at that price. That's how you maximize profit.
That's how you screw workers.
So we should pay workers more than their labor is worth? How long do you think a business will last? Especially in globalized markets?
Nobody is forced to work there Senator.
Your missing the point
No I’m not...the point is @SenSanders wants to wage class warfare against WALMART
They were not rich but very smart and worked hard, also they are the entrepreneur model. Rich is the result of a lot of factors. Fairness matters rather than the result. Socialism is disaster.
How is 160 billion fair? Seems rigged to me. Share maybe even a lousy billion a year? After 159 years just keep the last billion?
Why should they have to share? Their family earned it, they should keep it.
They have the freedom to share or not.
I’m sure they get taxed.
You have a choice to work where ever you want. If they’ll work for it, can’t blame em’. Walmart isn’t a career job pal.
We like low prices so we pick low wages. How much are you willing to donate.
Hitler was a socialist who founded the religion of atheism
The Waltons are what's wrong with America. They should have to co-opt every employee into a shared ownership program.
#TheDeplorableinChief's corporations/companies must not own Amazon stock but he must own a hell of a lot of Walmart stock. He wants Amazon to tank, obviously!
Of course, along with better benefits!
Get em Bernie. It is greed. Call it what it is.
Walmart recently raised their minimum wage to $11/hr, idiot. Ur so pathetic. Always talking bout the top 1%, which u and most of u sorry Dems r in. Hypocrites.
Hhmmm Bernie is not a Democrat. He ran as one ,but considers himself an independent
So, let’s do the math! $160,000,000,000 / 1,200,000 employees worldwide = $76,190.48 paid out to each employee! This would make the employees happy for a year or two then be looking for a new job,
Rhetorical question, Right?
I've been maybe 4 times in the last decade..
Yea.  We live in a small town. So occasionally we have to go.  But not very much.

Don't buy groceries there.  Buy our soaps etc at dollar General.



Walmart  is the poster child for Socialized Violence. And the list is long
If you guys only knew what truly goes on in this company.  My job in Accounts Payable (that I worked at for 12 years)in my store was cut and moved to Ark. I had the option of 2 months severence, or find another position in the store. Any way I looked at it, I was facing a pay cut
It is an embarrassment for America. The Waltons are filthy rich, but their employees need SNAP and Medicaid. Where are the laws to prohibit this? Oh. yea, we don't have any.
Guess the time and money the Walton’s spend building their retail empire and the million of people they employ at will is simple, evil greed save us please St Sanders
PLEASE, PLEASE run the race ahead of you so we have an honest voice in DC. Don't do as the GOP in Congress. They think we were all born at night as they distance themselves from what is coming in the WH. Sorry Charlie's but we will not forget their inaction and enabling.
All employees have a right to be respected for the work and services they provide. 
Over a $167. Billion it cannot be taken to the grave, YES pay the employees respectably, and not just pennies.
They give jobs to people looking for work. The longer you work there, the more you make with benefits. If you are a good worker & don't think your getting paid enough, as for more money and if you don't get what you want, get another job that pays you what you feel you are worth.
Well thanks to @realDonaldTrump they make 11 bucks an hour now. #KAG
Yes employees deserve better pay
Not much common sense with that statement. Walmart profits become my business when my tax money pays for food stamps for their employees
So same question to you as Bernie. Why don’t you open your own multi billion dollar business and pay your employees whatever you want? You could probably hire all the employees away from Walmart!
Eat The Rich
Here’s an idea, if companies cannot pay thier workers a livable wage, then the feds fine for the cost of public support given to the employees.
Are you trying to guilt trip them, or are you threatening them?
My husband and I both worked for Wal*Mart , When I did back in the early 90's Sam Walton would not allow extravagant spending, once he passed, the company and his heirs got very greedy! They make each Wal*Mart pay rent to them almost like it was a franchise! Horrible company!!!
Shut up and sell your assets and spread the wealth to the needy...
I wish Sam would come out of the grave just to thunk his greedy kids. Sam cared about his workers and the country.
I refuse to shop there for that reason and the stacks of mostly Chinese only goods they sell.
Hey dummy bernie do not shop at walmart, tell ALL your friends to not shop at walmart.
The free market decides what the workers value is worth. Not the government
You can tell how an employer treats employees by the level of service you receive. Walmart is a great example of a group of obv unhappy employees.
I wouldn't let my dog shop at Walmart...
Shameful!!!!
Nice to see that your trying to start a wage war. If @SenSanders was elected as president he would be claiming that Walmart was a huge success
Yes I would say they do. And should and be proud of the fact.
Their answer? If we paid people a living wage, we wouldn’t be as wealthy.
Was just at Walmart, had a sign at the cash register asking for donations to feed the hungry!!??  This while the tax cut gutted Meals on Wheels, where I volunteer.
I think any publicly traded company which is paying shareholders should not have any workers “on the dole” or without healthcare. You don’t get to pay your investors if you’re sucking the public teat.
Oh no that’s capitalism. And why aren’t the Waltons giving the money away??? Isn’t that the way capitalism is supposed to work?????
What is wrong with capitalism? I think it has done you well. It is not fun to see you on Twitter so early in the morning. I have stage 4 cancer and I fight it every day. Then I get to see your diatribe for the day.
I think they don't give a f@#k.
Bad hombres.
Then their employees should get an education and find a high-paying job. That'll show'em! Wal-Mart's not a charity. It's a business.
Also they've cut our hours (having 3 people do the work of 5) despite the 6 billion dollar tax cut they just got.
Alan trying to get back on the right side, a clean snake
By the way, Benjamin Walton is married to Lucy Aviles, doughter of a chilean lawyer that worked  for the secret services during Pinochet years and has been linked to torture cases.
She just signed a letter supporting a chilean extreme right politician called Jose Antonio Kast who still defends Augusto Pinochet.
Fuck Walmart And The Walton's!!!!
Hell yes! These workers perform a vital function (that is until Walmart competley rids itself of pesky human workers and their need for compensation) and are integral to our economy. Like it or not, Walmart has become essential to many ppl, and the workers deserve a living wage!
they are the greediest people on earth.   so doubt they care.
Of course they do , but they probably won’t !
For those living in the dis-United Kingdom who don't know ASDA is owned by WALLMART.
#WRONG
Tax Walmart more efficiently, then provide housing, food, healthcare, & wage subsidies.  It actually costs less this way, and reduces corporate overhead (HR)
Do you know how many people Walmart employs ? How many have you employed and provided for in your life time, Why don’t you set the example . You are a millionaire ( don’t know how) distribute your money and then move to Cuba, Venezuela to be close to home
The privileged few gorge themselves on superfluities while the suffering poor struggle for basic necessities.
Do you think anyone is forced to work for Walmart? As much as I don't like that they pay their workers shit wages - if I'm still shopping there - then I'm supporting this practice. Don't like the practice, stop patronizing the stores.
No
Yes
It’s actually costing money from your taxes, bc people who work at Walmart are still qualifying for Medicaid and food stamps. But if they were given a livable wage they wouldn’t. People should be able to have a roof over their head while working full time.
That's it!
I'm officially done with Walmart!
#donewithWALMART
@EpicMealTime
His name is Seth Rich & he died for you!! Say his name you f'in hypocrite!!!!
This one tweet tells what has become the American Nightmare, not the Dream we’ve all been told to believe. It can still happen if we can execute on what you’re proposing. Question is how to convince more people.
STOP BUYING FROM WALMART instead of whining. You have a choice where you spend your money! Boycott big box stores. I know this is not a choice in all areas, the big boxes have taken over. But buy from the small local businesses when you can.
Walmart cutting hours a week before christmas
Did they ever get their bonuses?
Have you repaid the $11 million dollars you swindled?  #BurlingtonCollege
Take some of your government hand out money Bernie and pay them ! You’ve never works a day in your life you loser ! Always depended on the tax payer to help you get by
Like Bernie Sanders can do anything about it. He can't even win a primary. We are worse off today than when Bernie Sanders declared his intention to run for president as a democrat.
Give solution with your problems @BernieSanders most of the time you brought the problems but you dont have solutions with you
So find a better job or get an education to get that better job. nobody is forcing them to work there.
...GREED NO...Brains yes... How 'bout you get off the tax payers dole and go create a business as successful as Walmart?
If they're so employable, they could get jobs with other companies. In our Walmarts, we have some good employees and a ton who aren't employable at all, yet Walmart gives them jobs. Perhaps freedom should reign. Let the market and employees decide.
thanks to Donalds new tax cuts Amazon will be getting a return of $800million
Why doesn’t Bennie the Socialist start a business and pay workers a living wage instead of ripping them off with high taxation just so he can fill his pockets and have a Cadillac healthcare program?

I n my opinion,  addressing the size of rhe Walmart workforce could raise a significant ability for workers ro provide for their families. You're the richest on their back.
Shut up, old man.
That is the price people pay when they accept an entry level position instead of going to school to get a better job like many of us. My kids worked in restaurants, and other entry level jobs while attending college. As for myself, I started out as a box boy for a supermarket.
They are are a corporation aimed at making money not running a charity, so if your not happy with your salary find a new job.
Then donate some of the $$$$$ you SCAMMED from your "followers"....
Sure they could but with all the free stuff you give to underpaid workers there is no incentive to have them make more money. They would have to give up too many government program benefits.
Shame on the govt. why didn’t they taken any action and protect true labour.? Walton family is sucking blood and paying so less
You talk about low wage workers deserving more pay AND THEY DO and yet you also talk about more and more immigration You can't have it both ways It would be nice to see you stop talking out the side of your face
Boinie, Boinie, Boinie, you YOURSELF have 3 houses bought and paid for by the American taxpayers dime. I know these houses were more that likely priced around a million or better. Most people can't afford a 65 k house, yet you liberal communists want more tax dollars from workers
Facist! !
Walmart employs approximately 1.4 million people. If they raised everybody's wages by $5/hr, which isn't significant and probably wouldn't get everybody up to that living wage standard, they would run out of money in 2038. In other words, that's not sustainable.
How about: why is the cost of living so damn high in some places? Why does daycare cost $12k/yr? Why do small city apartments cost $36k/yr? It shouldn't take $60k + just to "make ends barely meet" anywhere in America.
This is why friends don’t let friends shop @Walmart
If you and your wife would stop the bank fraud and money laundering there would be more money for the rest of us.

To be fair, Senator Sanders, The Waltons have next to nothing to do with Walmart and Sam's Club.
The Waltons own most of the best Solar companies, in First Solar. First Solar will be as profitable as Walmart.
how about this we were just talking about them the other day @fargnolim
Devils walk in the strawberry fields.....
Why not take money away from politicians who don’t do there job ! And past laws to cripple the average Americans.   Give to those in need. Mmm?
Hell yes!
This is why I don't shop at Walmart.
Bernie is a mean spirited socialist. He would like you to live like Venezuelans. 

There the people are starving as the country is failing under the socialist form of government. 

Let’s invite Bernie to go and help show the Venezuelan’s learn his government style.
walmart has closed tons of box stores and small businesses with their cheap prices,they’ve done far more harm than good.Their low prices don’t make up for the low wages and lack of benefits.The employees need to unionize nationwide. If prices go up because of it, so be it !
The Wal-Mart distribution center in New York pays $20/hr. You'll work your butt off but there's your Holy Grail
@Important - that is why so many Americans are poor...
I never shop there. They are so cheap they have no music in the store! It either sounds like a crypt or the sound of people arguing with their partner or scolding their children. Very unpleasant atmosphere.
Mr. Bernie, I think this is called capitalism. Sorry, but greed is part of it:(
Communist rhetoric intensified.
Wall mart is putting in electrical scanners. And getting rid of human tellers. So now they are taking jobs.
More than enough.
This is why I hate Walmart...make donations to look like they are generous...treat their workers who are so loyal...terribly.
I shop at Walmart all the time...I’ve never seen any employee forced to stay working at Walmart. They have the freedom to get a job else where.
You should really move to Russia where everyone is he same!!
that's not how this works. assets are static; payroll is dynamic. the better question: could walmart improve its business conditions by raising the wage floor for warehouse and store workers? that answer is unquestionably YES. that's your better argument.
The rich continue to rape the poor.
Damn sad.  Thats why I dont shop Walmart. Sad
The Wal Mart family got the game sewed up when it comes to the exploitation of the marginalized and disenfranchised CUT THE CHECK 
YES ! Great point , Bernie ! THE MOST POPULAR POLITICIAN, IN AMERICA
Aquí en México es igual bajos sueldos y horarios extensos. Y se percibe rotación de personas.
That’s none of your business Bernie. How many people do you employ?
They could, but they aren’t incentivized to. Anyone could really at this point almost do anything, but if the incentives are out of place - we often get action like this. Rather than forcing Walmart to do something you want them to, how about working to establish alternatives?
Everybody can't have a great job.
Walmart just increased their wages...did you miss that memo
I think it's none of Bernie's business how much money the Walton have.
Socialism is fun until you run out of other peoples money.
I've been saying this for years! #BOYCOTTWALMART and tax these overly wealthy billionaires.
boycott the feekers..shop elsewhere
I believe that if Bill Walton knew what his scum children would do he would have given it all way to charity and left them nothing. The Walton children are great example that money is a drug. You can never have enough as a money addict.
I so agree. Recently, I climbed to Machu Piccu in Peru where I learned that ancient leaders existed only to serve the people. The greatest piority was to make sure that everyone was fed. Please give Trump another look. He may be the leader we have been looking for.
I think you and your crooked wife have enough money to retire too. Please do.
Yes
How about the players in the @NFL @MLB and @NBA. They are a bunch of idiots that some cannot even put together a sentence. they are making millions for playing a freakin game. How come u don’t complain about them ?
You're incredibly wealthy as well. When will you be parting with your wealth?
The importance of a living wage and the @NDP understands this.
Really? Because they said $15/Hour was a living wage. The only thing they didn't tell you is that you have to live in Alabama or Kansas.
You make a point that is worthy of exploration.  A living wage is not about having steak every night, there are considerations on how to make it work.  A person who makes $15/hr knows this.  The idea is that you have a chance to eat and pay rent
You don’t live in DC or San Francisco.
No and the NDP do not hold office there either. Its a Canadian thing 
Just don’t work at Walmart. How about that? People are desperate because they have no skills or experience so they end up working at a place they KNOW is going to pay poorly. Then they end up getting upset they don’t make enough. Quit. Then Walmart will get desperate and pay out.
When I worked there, I remember working overtime (doing my managers work) and not being allowed to go when my girlfriend came in to get me, holding her 1 year old baby... making me stay another hour.

Around midnight.
Hey dip shit, the Waltons do not run Walmart.  A CEO without the last name or blood of Walton runs the company.
Education!!!!!!!!
Of course, but they will not.
They are about to benefit big time from the new tax breaks. It’s for the rich to continue to get rich and for the poor to stay poor.
#boycottWalmart
Which is none of the government's business. Raise the min. wage and stop the class warfare jealousy BS Bernie.
If they don't like working for Walmart..... Leave and work somewhere else!!
no, they sign them up for welfare and food stamps
Modern day  hypocrisy 
Time for the New New World Order
U  WOUD  ONLI  NEED  PRODUCE  MORE  PAPERMONEJ     TO  COVER  THAT    THEY  NEVER  NEED OR   SITTON   LIKE  BY  GATES   SO  75.000.000.000.-$
Uncle Bernie you think nobody should work hard and those that do should takes care of those who don’t
They got rich from China imports.
Thats why I dont shop at walmart
You r so right Bernie. Let people work their asses off to build a business and then let your type give it away. Walton’s are paying the prevailing wage. That’s business, but you wouldn’t understand that. You live very well off my Taxes.
The world almost starts the war.
We know we are good at to find another people’s bad.
However, we have a lot of power to find a good things.
We know everything has a good things and bad things.
Don’t just look at the bad.
We need your power
We can make the world peace.
Of course they do...and they are one store I will NEVER shop at--subsidizing this family by shopping there is reprehensible.
Walmart outside is beginners job outside management and they pay 3 above minimum wage in most states
Walmart workers need to strike
despicable greed ban them shop elsewhere
So many bots! I bet they get better pay than the average worker....
