Stop perpetuating this lie @SenSanders , they were without much of their power and clean water before Haurricane Maria because of corrupt local Liberal governance.
As someone who lives here, the reason why we were without power and water before Maria was because Irma had passed by 2 weeks before. Sure, our extremely corrupt government has screwed us over big time, but they’ve never been necessarily liberal. Here, all sides are pretty bad.
@SenSanders however looks for every opportunity to make capital on other peoples misery. He throws out BS staements but has no solutions to the problems.
Oh bull. Grow the hell up. If you really listen to Bernie..which I seriously doubt..he does have solutions. Just ask him.
Perhaps I missed a word out? @SenSanders has no SERIOUS solutions to the nations problems. Indeed, he thrives on discord, the ill informed and poverty. Your attack on my greater knowledge is a good example of your messiah's practice.
The solutions are simple Puerto Rico needs more funding. He literally tried to pass a bill in the senate to give more money to aid Puerto Rico and it was shot down
Of course #PuertoRico needs more funding. @SenSanders answer was to give more #taxpayer money to the corrupt governors of the Islands. Let's find a way to ensure that the approved responders continue to get the work done without interference from local government.
I don’t know where he said to give it directly to the corrupt governors
PR bankrupted itself long before the hurricane.
So since their local government bankrupted itself all affected civilians are getting what they deserve?
That’s quite a illogical leap you just made there.
Then please clarify what PR bankrupting itself before the hurricanes has to do with advocating or suggesting that they be given resources to restore power? Save me the energy, leaping is exhausting.
Have a read.
So...do you think they need help or nah? Not sure what you are trying to convince me of....never implied or said they were operating swimmingly before the hurricane....
Of course they need help, their corrupt socialist government has left them broken.
Haha I’m sure capitalism will save them.
BREAKING: 21 TRILLION dollars in debt now means you are wealthy according to @SenSanders
So how have we been paying for our bloated military that republicans would have a hernia without?
Without it you'd literally have a hernia.
We haven’t won a single war since ww2 lol
That all depends on how you define win.  If it's a political war then no we haven't.  But it keeps your ass safe, warm and fuzzy.
My ass would still be safe had we stayed out of every conflict since ww 2 and put the money towards education, job programs, etc. Actually my ass would be a lot better off
Where's this Utopia you speak of?  Do you think the world changed since the beginning of time?  If so you seriously need meds.
We have benefited ZERO from every war we’ve been in since ww2
@realDonaldTrump doesn't want to waste resources on "2nd class citizens" He has too many cronies to pay off. #DumpTrump
Your extreme shameless hypocrisy while living it rich on hardworking taxpayers money makes you uniquely evil.
None of what you said is true.
Give them statehood, so that they can be treated similar to any other state, which includes senators from the state, and federal taxes.
Do your idiot interns fact check anything they post? http://www.businessinsider.com/the-richest-countries-in-the-world-2017-3 … Qatar — GDP per capita: $129,726 (£105,791) - 
Maybe if you would have stuck to the facts instead of selling a whole generation out to Hillary we wouldn't be in this position.
We also need to give Puerto Rico and other USA territory's statehood. They deserve proper representation in our republic like the rest of us.
Puerto Rico voting for it and voted it down they did not want to become part of the United States
To those who say they consistently vote against statehood, the fifth referendum happened last year, and 97% voted for statehood. Your lack of facts are showing.
They have an agenda against statehood
Wrong you are the 10th wealthiest country in the world. Corrupt government & politicians all lead to failures in basic services!
this is what happens when dems run a minicountry.
how is it not a priority in the KPI's of somebody in Government?
You Communists sure are good at telling other people what to do with their money.  Traitorous leech. You should be exiled to the outback.
Floridian, am I right? So, speaking of leeches (as you'd define it), are you complaining about the federal programs that serve Floridians to the tune of 150 billion per year, while Florida only contributes 135 billion to the federal budget? Or not, since Medicare,etc. saves lives
More than likely, yes. Depends on the program.
Oh I guess crazy Bernie the gun nut is at it again. Was he at least wearing pants this time?
at this point in time Puerto rico must be very proud to associated with the US of A.....they might as well have a relationship with Argentina  to get help

I've a question for you senator, how much did you contribute for helping those in disaster zone other than talking about spending other peoples hard earned money with wide mouth? You're so generous with other peoples walet we rally apreciate that for heatless demand.
We can’t afford to help Puerto Rico but we can launch $200 million worth of Missiles at abandoned buildings in Syria
this was a bigger waste of money
$1.7 billion of Iran’s money was transferred back to them
We might be the wealthiest, but we are quickly becoming the shittiest.
If you think there’s a better option, then why are you here? Don’t let the border wall hit you in the butt on the way out.
Did you leave for 8 years when Obama was president? Or did you just sit around and bitch about it? #Keyboardwarrior
1) I voted for Obama’s 2nd term (the options were horrible).
2) Even when I had specific complaints about the President I never bashed the country or considered it anything less than the best country on Earth, whereas you’re suggesting it’s the worst.
They been having electrical problems since Carter was president.  The politicians liberal marxists keep the money given to fix it for themselves
Let's not forget Flint!
How do we owe 20 trillion plus dollars if we are the wealthiest country in the world.
How much of your wealth have you personally donated to help? Your PAC?
Just for clarity to vacant minded Berners unfamiliar w me: not interested in your hot takes. Work with & for him for 20+ years, know him personally & professionally, then I *might* ask your opinion of my questions & statements to a Senator, who is, in fact, in my employ.
Where is George Soros and his billions?  How about those rich celebrities kicking in some funding. They want illegals here, why not take it there?
We've spent billions in PR, including rebuilding their entire antiquated power grid.  What more do you want from the taxpayers?  Maybe it's time they did their own rebuilding instead of sitting it out on welfare in NY & Florida while taxpayers did it for them.
And what about our 19 trillion dollars in debt?  Are we putting other nations before the citizens of the United States?
I didn’t know you could be wealthy and have trillions of dollars in debt.
We might be the wealthiest country but the wealthy are hoarding all the wealth.
We need a Government overhaul with a re-written constitution and laws that protect everyone. Laws that indicate that government funding must be available regardless of who is in the White House.
YOU do YOUR job. Pass the ENTIRE #MARCHFOROURLIVES AGENDA, then move on to other important items.
NBC News: Power in Puerto Rico largely restored after islandwide blackout
Bernie, you need to investigate the Red Cross and other nonprofits who get donations from caring people for 
Hurricane Sandy, Puerto Rico, Haiti etc and less than 10% of the money is used there. To me that's Fraud. Organizations collected enough to give every person in Haiti 10K.
These organizations accept donations to build  a central fund they draw from when they are needed. If there is a flood of donations after a disaster, and they end up using only 10% of that amount, the rest stays in the central fund, ready for the next disaster.
That central FUND pays a lot of the executives 6 figure incomes where most of the local pink ladies at hospital are volunteers.
Oh — I hadn’t heard that — do you have a link?
I sent links about links about charities to Twitter and you can do a search to answer your ?'s about charities.
Yes, I saw, thank you. I’ll take a look.
We're the wealthiest country in the world because of capitalism
Thank you. He who is without the capitalism, cast the first smartphone. 
The problem is that the wealthiest of Americans are greedy selfish and don't care about anyone but themselves. We the people that care don't have any money to help.
That's very rude of you, I have worked full time all my life and raised a family. I suggest you get a life
That’s a lie ! Your country has the highest debt in the world. Owed to who ? And why ? There in lies America’s problem. You are all controlled by debt. Misled by propaganda (MSM) and tricked by politicians to believe in some BS patriotic sense of entitlement USA needs revolution
You could start by repealing The Jones Act...
Or we can spend over 600 billion on war EVERY YEAR instead. Look what we picked...
Puerto Rico is part of the United States.  There are children, babies, and mothers, and elderly living there.  Plus all the other people that live.  They need our help.
Actually it is considered commonwealth, most Puerto Ricans consider it to be a country in and of itself, until they need something.
Just like southerners that continue to embrace their confederate history. They also pay federal taxes.
What does that even mean?
According to Section 933 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, citizens who have lived all year on the island are exempt from filing taxes to the federal government of the United States as long as the income was from Puerto Rican sources.
That’s income tax, buddy. They pay other federal taxes. They pay for their social security etc. Also Federal employees in the Island pay income taxes to the federal government. Another thing is that they pay local taxes too. They payed upwards of 3 billion usd in the FY2015
Here all the taxes we pay. And no, not all PR pay federal taxes (federal employees in PR do pay personal federal taxes) since we are not a state. Read and learn  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taxation_in_Puerto_Rico …
That’s exactly what I said but don’t expect Trump supporters to educate themselves and make a statement based on facts. It just won’t happen.
It's not only our duty as the world's most powerful nation, it's our duty because these people pay BILLIONS of dollars in the form of federal taxes every year!
Then again, we can't even take care of the citizens that live inside of this country so I can't imagine we are capable of helping Puerto Ricans to the extent they need
and obama gave $1.7 billion cash to Iran, instead of helping Puerto Rico....
It's sad, how our government has turned their backs on our fellow citizens of Puerto Rico! This didn't happen in Florida or Texas! It did happen to Louisiana! OBVIOUS CAUSE, THE COLOR OF THEIR SKIN!
Until and when Puerto Ricans in the island are able to vote we will continue to be ignored and be treated as second class citizens. #PuertoRico #HurricaneMaria #LetUsVote
Goofy Bernie why dont we focus on U.S. of AMERICA FIRST for once, not LATIN AMERICA
I assume that you are a parody account. If not: 
Puerto Rico has been part of the U.S. since 1898.
Which one of the 50 state is purto rico?
It is a territory of the United States. Trump signed a declaration of federal emergency aid to this territory and sent FEMA. Puerto Ricans are "required to pay most US federal taxes"; "In 2009, Puerto Rico paid $3.742 billion into the US Treasury." https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taxation_in_Puerto_Rico …
You left out that they don’t pay personal federal income tax.. it is mentioned in your source.
Oh, they don't pay personal federal income tax?! Definitely let them die, then; not our problem.
What can civilians on the mainland do to help? I’m a single parent of a school aged child and would be willing to volunteer a week during the summer in Puerto Rico
This is a very noble vause with very innoble participants; im sure you would agree if you came to do missions here, alot of the time resources go “missing”, like some generators that certain towns mayors would keep to themselves instead of the city halls
I don't mind giving them a hand up, but you seem to think we have unlimited money. Every issue, you say throw money at it.
It’s because there are things being funded that shouldn’t be and things not being funded that should be
Agreed. But he doesn't want to fix the broken systems, just give it another cash infusion.
Until they get rid of the cruddy leadership there nothing will change.
And also hurricanes kind of suck too sometimes
Yeah thing is they have looked into it regardless of hurricanes the power grid was in shambles and had fallen into very poor shape years ago.
The power grid is shit because of a lack of incentive for electrical companies to operate in Puerto Rico.
Send the army corps of engineers better there then troops at wall
the army corps of engineers have been down there doing an abysmal job. sad to say.
Yes, protecting us from criminals trying to get in, so evil.
???? anyone that has been in PR knows about the mediocre at best job the army corp of engineers have done for PR reconstruction and stabilization process after Maria. Not opinion but fact.
If the Democrat thugs in their government would've used all the money, in the billions that was pilfered by the Democratic leaders, their infrastructure would've withstood the hurricane. It's their fault, not trumps
How are there resources to help Puerto Rico when we have to help Les Blanc in Hawaii?
Perhaps we could use the money we spend on dreamers...
Thank you senator, but as much as we hear you cares and worries, if you want to further aid us in our recovery, you should support our claim for equality under Statehood. A decision that we have already expressed and is being ignored by Congress.
Give them Solar!
Puerto Ricans are American citizens and we should help them in whatever ways are necessary. However, if they considered statehood, I can't help but think it would benefit them greatly because they would have representatives in Congress advocating and voting on legislation
Sir, Thank you so much for voicing matters about Pto Rico, some may not think Pto Ricans are citizens of our dear nation,you do
I saw this documentary once...

https://www.facebook.com/TheNextStageInHumanEvolution/videos/1218090478261448/ …

Could it be possible?
contracts shows that Cobra received a $15 million deposit for its work rebuilding Puerto Rico's power grid, 4 times the down payment awarded to Whitefish. Cobra's rate,up to $4,000 per day for each of 250 "skilled linemen"and their equipment, and  $200,000 per day for security?
You need to focus upon the corruption that’s been going on? Oh that’s right your a communist...so Gov. $$$ going into private wealth who support your agenda is OK. Bernie why don’t you live off the tax system you suppprt? From my understanding your IRS will accept donations
We can' even get clean water to Flint , but we can build pipes from Canada to Texas for oil and you want us to Fix Puerto Rico ? I mean I agree but good luck
It's a good thing they privatized the electrical in the aftermath of the hurricanes
Build a wall before rebuilding Puerto Rico's corrupted infrastructure. They pay no federal taxes
Well if they had anything to start fixing it would help. They want us to build them paradise where they had shacks
Because of capitalism.
Completely agree!
Puerto Rico canceled the Whitefish contract after media backlash over Trump connection. Bad move. They are paying for their mistake. Media and Dems should be ashamed! The mudslinging cost them a lot of time!
@realDonaldTrump 
#FakeNews
As usual, Bernie's always generous with other people's money
Puerto Rico has suffered from socialists ideals for 20 years thus causing many of the problems we see there today.
Before anyone blows their top, we are the Richest, but the government keeps blowing money on the war machine, and not enough on this country.
We're also not taxing the insanely rich like we should be!
Then u an schumer should go to PR an tell them how to do their job an fix it..
Bernie, Bernie, Bernie - I have told you FOUR TIMES that the United States is NOT the wealthiest country in the world. Not even close. We are somewhere near 12th.
Conservatives do not care about and Liberals do not umderstand PR
Bernie, you’re rich. Put your money where your mouth is.
CNN suffers country wide power outages in reporting the news.
It's time for Puerto Rico to stand on its own 2 feet.
Not to seem crass, however, accidents happen.

New Orleans went through regularly irregular power outages for 2 years, and still occasionally has boil water warnings.

#StopPoliticizingPuertoRico
Go home Bernie you're drunk!

Puerto Rico ALREADY had these problems before the hurricane.. They have been taken advantage 9f by their own.. Why should we fix what they refused to?  We will fix it and they will take advantage of them again
There is an #American solution to this #American problem! Let's get a SunCrate (https//:http://suncrate.energy ) to every school in #PuertoRico to start.
But who will make sure it happens?  Democrats complain but are unable to overcome uncaring, unprincipled Republicans.
We're over 20 trillion in debt
One of the Bills needed to be released and action promised on by September 2018.  @SenateDems   MUST have a list of bills that will be acted on in early 2019 if we produce a #BlueWave2018    We need concrete bills to vote on not just promises
do our "full resources" include https://www.gsa.gov/technology/government-it-initiatives/emerging-citizen-technology/blockchain … ? Cause
Why don't you go down there for a few more useless photo ops, nitwit?
support what @elonmusk and @Tesla have done by financing the construction of a ‘battery park’ to give PR a reliable source of renewable energy! #HelpPR
They don’t look like the people in position to do something about this.. these people are fucked until they fix it themselves.
Agreed, accept that president dipshit doesn't care about brown people.
And the lesson here is: Progressive policies always fail.
Puerto Rico deserves better!
Lazy people!
How about we fix the problems in the US, before trying to fix the problems else where.
Peurto Rico should erect giant wind turbines and hire you to blow your hot air filled socialist rhetoric to generate power for the island.
Wealthiest country? We’re $21 trillion in debt you dullard.
By wealthiest you mean 20 trillion in debt, right?
A disgrace! Why aren’t we all outraged???
Maybe sell your 3 rd home and go down there yourself. Otherwise, take a seat.
I could care less about Peurto Ricans.
Why do you hate America?
Haspel is a sadistic torturer (vote NO); CIA needs a house cleaning! Artificial intelligence is here; there are better ways to gather information. CIA abusive violent actions are obsolete. Pick someone with intellect; not brawn for CIA director!
We can’t fix Puerta Rico, we still can’t drink the water in Flint! #FixFlintWater
#FlintWaterCrisis
Remember all that spending during Obama?
Who's this "our" you speak of? Why don't you use your resources instead of stealing more of mine?
I totally get that people want to help but if Puerto Rican government doesn't get their shit together this is going to keep happening.
it was an excavator dumb head.
What is wrong with America?
Where did everyone go?
So silent. Pity.
We aren't the wealthest, their is 1% that R the richest. Wages are stagnant, banks R becoming vultures - again. Since GW Bush the public has been asked 2 give 2 wounded vets, food banks, rebuilding communities, this used 2 B the scope of the gov't.

We're a 2nd rate nation now.
Dude it’s about time you did something for the money you’re paid witch is a lot more than your worth so get your ass in gear and do something 
Puerto Rico's calamnity called for a mighty, immediate and sustained effort and focus. This was within our capacity.
See what happens when government allows infrastructure to deteriorate?  How's our infrastructure Senator?  What are you doing with our tax dollars?
Hi Bernie you’re part of this , totally ignoring years of corruption on the island why did it get so far 
Sad. Administration actually doesn't care

Let's use bernies money.
This is how the Electric Authority PLAYS With the People of Puerto Rico.
You're not.... China is
We have the wealthiest people but with a shrinking middle class and growing debt we are no longer wealthy as a nation.  A wealty nation would be able to fix crumbling infrastructure in our country.
We have a massive $20 trillion debt. We are not the richest country in the world and Puerto Rico did the same thing the Us govt did. The difference-the Puerto RICO govt can keep printing money. They have to pay the piper now.
Wasn’t their power grid garbage to begin with because the local politicians are corrupt?
The idea we have the same power lines up & the same gas engines in our cars for over 100 years speaks to the tyranny of the status quo. Every home, vehicle & bldg should be self powered  http://www.evur.us 
New Manhattan Project @FoxNews @ENERGY
The central power grid as we know it is a retarded insult to science. The lines replaced will be taken out in the next storm. Arrest the people in Gov/Industry who have allowed this insanity to become the norm. Central power blackouts are a form of control.
But our POTUS is putting all our money into the military and building up our arsenal of weapons we don't need, when we should be taking care of America first. We have enough weapons 100X over.
Obviously you’ve never heard of North Korea, Syria, Iran.... #IgnoranceAtItsFinest
Send them some of your wealth.
"Full resources"? I think Trump's hyperbole has infected you.

I think we can just use ordinary bombs on our B2s to stop this problem, nukes seems excessive.
If a single break can shut down the entire system it is hopelessly fragile.
We all know Issa land grab Bernie. Y'all are pushing these ppl out for the cheap land
I thought China was the wealthiest ?
You are the worst liar in the world !! We are 20 TRILLION dollars in DEBT , so please explain how we are the richest country in the world .
Maybe Mrs. Sanders can help raise the money.
If we hadn't *prioritized* illegal immigrants for the last year maybe those people of color in Puerto Rico would have power... and those people of color in Flint would have water.

We were told we were racist if we didn't put illegal immigrants first.
We are 3millions in the Island. Something has to be done. Next hurricane seasons starts in 44 days... we are not prepared. Predictions indicate that this season will be worst.
Have you ever been prepared?
You are pretty wealthy off of our dime too, Bernie. Authorize more aid over there, and you can also contribute a lot of your wealth to them, too.
Corrupt news network
We could just ask their leaders what the eff is going on over there with all the money and supplies we've done sent.  I think that's a better start.
What if you ask FEMA workers from YOUR side what they did with all the resources they were supposed to distribute to communities that they instead kept for themselves (including gas generators)
Nice deflection. Try again
Sad, but true.. handling P.R. As if not the USA-like “out of sight, out of mind”
By January 2018, 92 percent of the Virgin Islands power had been restored ... why is this not a priority in Puerto Rico ?!?
I think there is possibly some ~fuzzy math~ going on here

#Preamble_Revolution_2020
The U.S. is not responsible for the outright corruption in PR that keeps it's citizens living in the Third World recently.
Yes you are...
We cant negotiate with other places around the world just because we are a damn colony
"American imperialism is often traced to the takeover of Cuba, Puerto Rico, and Hawaii in 1898."  — Noam Chomsky
Then go down there and stop the corruption  The Mayor is the major malfunction. Do something vs do nothing 
Wondering if Warren Buffett and Bill Gates will decide to help with this. God knows our current president doesn't give a shit.
Yup!
The place was a mess before the storms and now they want us to bail them out. Who pays?
This is all on their government. Their issues could have been addressed over a decade ago and the fallout from Maria would have been minuscule compared to what it is.
Ever notice Bernie is like a old maid constantly complaining? Stay away from Bernie at a Deli he will spoil your appetite! Depressing Bernie
Heartbreaking
Tell the people to quit stealing the electrical lines then!!
Do something about it then, just don’t say get your old ass to work.
Trump-only-cares-about-Tax-Cuts-for-the-Rich-and-Arming-School-Teachers

Mueller-must-end-this-Madness

Go and volunteer then hippie!
Puerto Rico: experiences island-wide blackout following #HurricaneMaria

Trump: (grumble, grumble) orders shipment of potato chips and gummy bears to sustain them.
Well Bernie. Pry some of those millions lose from your pocket. Hypocritical Bastard
You know, if you supported HRC from March up to now, they would've been A-OK. You helped bring this. Shut the heck up!
It's a state issue, they surely can manage to do some work
I don't expect much for Puerto Rico, I'd never thought America would have let parts of Detroit lapse into such decay. God bless Puerto Rico.
No
Okay, Bernie. YOU spend YOUR money. The money YOU earned. The rest of us are TRYING TO F*CKING SURVIVE.
You first, sell your mansions and give them your $.
Is it really that shocking that a US senator making a quarter million a year who’s worked for over 20 years has a decent pad? Just because he fights for poor people when no one else does doesn’t mean he’s not allowed to own things that he’s worked for his whole damn life lol
But the thing is, he doesn't have mansions!! He has a 4 bedroom colonial that he bought for 370k in 2007

A 1600 sq ft house on a lake that they bought by selling a house Jane had inherited.

And a small condo that he bought in the early 90s for cheap in DC where he works.
He also makes 170k a year not 250k
So I was being too generous I see lol
Yes lol
"the company was working to remove a collapsed tower on Wednesday when a  bulldozer approached a power line, causing it to fail."
cnn
Maybe if they were actually a state.....
It was fixed, Bern a tree fell on lines, Not really our issue, Why dont you go fix it free, You like that free stuff, Dont do anything anyway have at it!
How are you the wealthiest country when you are trillions on debt and going to get worse with TrumpTax
We love you Bernie. But this is about Latin Americans and Hispanics pretending to be white. They thought they can oppress blacks in their own lands to suck up to white supremacy. Of course, when their use has expired, they get thrown to the wolves. No one learns hahahah
An excavator hit a power line, has nothing to do with throwing money at it.
Now we are talking!
Funny Bernie but YOU and the Congress didn’t include it in the OMNIBUS ULTRA BUDGET BUSTING BILL. You could have traded t for a compromise on funding the Wall. Ask @POTUS @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan to fund Wall and Electic Plants for PR. Compromise.
Whay can you do to help our people. They are being treated like garbage. It's a fact, Puerto Rico has been treated poorly by mainland US since day 1. ENOUGH ALREADY!!. they are human beings
No, their  mismanagement of money is why they are in this place.
#SocialismKills
And Trump is helping, how? By the way Trump just passed an UNNEEDED tax cut that will cause the federal budget deficit to hit $1Trillion by 2020. That's mismanagement of money.
And the response from the White House has been, what?
Probably too much corruption.
I don't believe USA is the wealthiest country in the world. No comparison to countries like Switzerland or Norway....
Switzerland/Norway spend very little in national defense of their countries! (If not for U.S. they would probably be speaking Russian)
Still wealthier?
USA is number 12on Yahoo!'s finance list
Go back to your room and count those shekels you got from Hillary to throw the election #Bernie.
There are some who haven't had their power restored since hurricane Irma
Retire, Bernie. Forty years of accomplishing precisely not one damn thing is enough. Go write some more rape fiction and protest our country in third world communist mobs like before.
So Bernie I just can't imagine why this would be occurring in 2018. Why are we supposed to believe we live in the wild west when it's convenient for you to make us think that?  Everywhere we live in 2018 with technology but just not when you say so. So why are you saying so?
I love fossil fuels...
Then grab your checkbook and a hammer Bernie!
No we aren't the wealthiest nation in the world, my dude.  

We rank 12th.
It would be fixed already if you hadn’t caused Trumps election victory.
Maybe if they didn't have graft ridden democratic party run island things would be better.
Cuz the GOP is doing so well.
Over the past 30 years, PR politics has been dominated by more liberal, blue state-leaning policies.  Of the eleven governors who presided over the Commonwealth of PR, nine have been Dems.  By total time in office, Republicans have been in power for about 12 per cent of the time.
It’s a statistical fact that on both state and federal levels economies do better under Dems bc the GOP only helps the rich who then save their money instead of trickle down. On the flip side the far left has forgotten the middle class in favor of the poor. Center left ftw.
We are not the wealthiest. We are too much in debt. We put tax cuts for wealthy above generating the required funds needed for the general budget and debt reduction. How much do we actually pay on our debt each year? Obviously, not enough.
That's not how money works, we aren't wealthy as a matter of fact we are very much still in debt.
Afaik the US are more like to 12th wealthiest but yeah, still a valid point.
That would requiring repairing their corrupt government, and no Democrat will ever propose THAT!
