President Trump orders federal task force to investigate the Postal Service's finances https://cnn.it/2GUHPKk  
The main reason for the financial problems at the Postal Service stems from a 2006 mandate forcing it to pre-fund 75-years of retiree health benefits to employees who haven’t been born yet. No other business or government agency is burdened with such an absurd requirement.
If the Postal Service is going to be a vibrant entity, we must end this Bush-era mandate. We must also allow the Postal Service to raise new revenue by offering innovative new services that the American people need, including basic banking services.
Thank you for using your platform to make these points abt USPS. I have worked for USPS since 1998, I'm a union member, and all you say is true. We aren't losing money...we bleed it because of the retirement prefunding mandate which costs billions annually.
now is not the time

Trump wants to help existing or new billionaires steal public assets, like the @Conservatives do in the #uk under the guise (lie) that we have no money left
The absurdity of this whole situation is further accentuated once one grasps that impoverishment of the system is caused by the same robber barons who then steal the public assets, having deprived these by taking money out of the economy
This is Reuters.  A lot of taxable asset value was left out in this astonishing low $280 billion figure.  This is a simple-minded piece attempting to show a wolf in a sheep's clothing.
Kuhio u r correct b/c 2015 stats = IF Corps paid into our Fed Budget as they used to deficit would b paid w/OVER $127 billion n surplus, imagine after 2018 GOP Tax Scam what it wouldl be~
Also, subtract subsidies, giveaways to bring corporate business to cities w/ few jobs for it.  Net Asset Value devaluation.  Trade tax buybacks. ..... There's more.  See: Michael Hudson, " Killing the Host," Steve Keen. Frank Thomas.  Now.... about banking corruption and the Fed.
exactly, Corps whine about helping we the 99% w/money from government b/c "Capitalism" yet they demand their massive Corp Welfare aka subsidies, Libertarian Koch Bros major eaters at trough of Corporate Welfare~
Privatization is how the corporations pick the pockets of citizens.  It's just another way to gain access to our dollars through taxes.  They identify pockets of money and go about finding ways to access it by any means necessary.
The problem with the postoffice is the GOP  requires them to excessively put revenues into their pension fund to help Fedex and UPS.  Democrats http://need.to  change this
Yes! Both my parents have 30+ years experience each working for the Postal Service! It can be a vibrant entity still today if we take a closer look. Getting them a 5 day work week could be a start 
Excluding pensions, its in the black bigly. Btw, you need a big pension after being blamed for everything
Where else on earth can you get good or bad news delivered to your door for 50 cents. Support @USPS 
Throw in the advert, going to mars is easier
our postal system; VA, AND SOCIAL SECURITY BENEFITS; UNIONS, SHOULD ALWAYS BE HANDS OFF TO PRIVATIZATION; WE SHOULD FIGHT LIKE HELL TO KEEP THESE SERVICES PUBLIC !!!!
Just take a look at the mess of 2015, when Britain privatised the Royal Mail. Last time I checked - last year - 11,000 jobs were lost and a fifth of mail centres were closed. Privatising will do America more harm than good.
He's not looking into it for good reason n u know it
The whole point of privatizing is to funnel the money to his friends and himself. Privitization os schools, the post office, the prison system, our health,  these are all ways to have unregulated monopolies.
Do you have some sort of evidence for this claim? Or are you just making presumptions.
The prison system is my evidence for this claim. It is the perfect model for the level of greed that we see being worshipped in the executive office/cabinet right now.
That doesn't make any sense to me. How is the prison system related to the postal service? I understand the argument against FP prison. 

Prisons are something that I believe, should be run by the state. I can't say that the postal service should 100%.
Bernie, no offense, but our country has more important issues to deal with today...
Uh. You lost me with “Trump is right...”
He's in the process of dismantling all fed services. So, he can privatize it so his cronies can get more money from the average American ppl.  This is class warfare
Thank you for being one of the only politicians who talks about this. As a mailman, I truly value and appreciate that someone takes the time to speak the truth about the USPS's "financial troubles." Troubles purposely created by those who wish to push a privatization agenda.
GOP/Trump wants to privatize to have access to the $27 billion to enrich the wealthy elite by using OUR tax dollars for their own $ gain = theft from we the 99%~
But I think private citizens and small businesses pay more because Amazon pays less.
When have they actually made money?
Happened in UK. Perennially profitable public postal service,  sold on the cheap. Now paying out big private dividends. 

Now they say there's no money for keeping society civilised like looking after anyone vulnerable. 

Oh but they've kept some spare for war ofc.
Wants his hand in that cookie jar
Good bye APWU
Mismanagement is ruining the U.S. and the services that it provides. We are being taken down from the inside. Good Job Mr. President!
But @SenSanders whenever Trump is partly right on anything it’s never for the actual reason he states and it’s always to try to crush an opponent (ie amazon) & u should include that in your analysis
The majority of the people have fought for USPS in keeping them important for our shipping needs. We are anti-privatization, yet I’ve seldom seen the employees stand with us and our individual needs. Example: today my meds cost triple from original. Can’t afford them.
I might find you a credible read if you stopped using CNN info!
It's the conservative way, privatize everything so capitalism at its worst can do its magic and make cost to consumers sky rocket while owners of companies make a killing. How about the cable companies, they provide information, they have monopolies & need 2 stop price gouging
Just go away.
regardless of how you think of him, do you think he's honestly wrong about this?
and if you hate hearing from him so much then don't follow him
Leave my first amendment rights alone.
Like privatization is the answer. I hate when people bring up privatization it only works out for the company who gets the contract which can lead to corruption, i.e. the prisons especially in MS.
The fact that the USPS has been making a $2.7 profit since the Obama era, is the exact reason trump wants to privatize it. If it were failing there would be no incentive. Since it is turning billions in profit, who ever buys it will give trump a chunk of free stamps! (wink wink)
I am thankful every day for the Postal Service. I think the quality of service that we get is so beneficial to this nation and we should not be criticizing them we should be appreciating them like I do.
What?
I remember all the news stories about the #death of the #USpostal service because of #email before online shopping took off.
The post office has not made a profit in several years Bernie. But you have never had a job so you don’t understand economics
That is not a fair estimation on their profitability, when they become private is when we'll know, right now it they get into financial trouble they just call dad (FEDS) for more money,
USPS reported a 5.6 billion loss for the year ended Sept 30,2016 and a 5.1 billion loss for the  previous year end in https://about.usps.com/news/national-releases/2016/pr16_092.htm …
@CNN   why didn't obummer, take a look. So easy to criticize, you and your party did NOTHING for America
See this is  liberal/socialist math when u lose money on a regular base it is considered a profit. Hey Bernie "Profit" means PLUS but since u have never worked a real job in ur life u wouldn't know
They want to steal their pension $$! When i buy online I only will purchase if USPS is used!
#Amazon could offer to buy the #USPS.
“Were in WWIII lets fix the post office”
Best postal service in the world, he should not mess with it!
I wonder if Amazon will make a bid if privatised??????
Is there a point when Nancy Pelosi stops spamming my inbox asking for $5 every time Trump does something stupid?
"The reality is that since 2014 the Postal Service has made an operating profit of more than $2.7 billion."

That's exactly why the Wall Street parasites want it. They can strip its assets.
True, but the least of our concerns atm.
Get the US Congress and government out of the postal service and you would be amazed at what happens.
@HuffPost @politico why are the taxpayers still subsidizing them?
Which is why they want to get their grubby little hands on it. The greed never ends.
So UPS and FEDEX hurt the postal service? USPS sucked before then
You can’t privatize the Post Office it is Federally Regulated so that Government Documents can be sent to every citizen in the U.S. including Trump’s Impeachment Letter.
“Operating profit” You must think we are stupid. The postal service total operating spread sheet has been in the red since forever. The taxpayers have to bail them out every year.
Do you think he knows the function of the GAO?
How much money would be saved if none of the mountains of junk mail waste were created and dumped on our doorsteps every day?  Wish we could opt out and save all that paper.
Privatizing usually makes things *worse* instead of better. Some years ago, the city of Hartford (CT) privatized its public-school system. It was a two-year fiasco!
Trump and Congress should continue to look at Healthcare !!! That’s where you lose human lives and billions of dollars!!
Exactly why they want to privatize it. All that lovely dosh they can pillage.
Yah but Bernie, like email it's become redundant. I'm being spammed by ads.
ALL THAT TYPING AND THINGS YOU SAY.. WHAT HAVE YOU'VE DONE WHILE BACK IN THE SENATE.. O YEAH THAT'S RIGHT.. LIVING OFF YOUR PAST CAMPAIGN TRAIL #HOWSAD
Learn proper grammar before you try to bash someone. #loser
This just got you in the #IdiotList again...well this and your "Reasoning" in the following tweets...

Bernie wants to keep that money in the government

BREAKING NEWS FLASH, HELL HAS FROZEN OVER. IT MUST HAVE, BERNIE  ADMITTED THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS RIGHT ABOUT SOMETHING!
He’s doing this heist to get at Bezos of Amazonbc he owns the Washington Post and Trump doesn’t like what the paper says about him. @realDonaldTrump Cry me a river.
Senator: U.S. Post Office privitazation is predicted to add complications not solutions.
Operating profit of 2.7 billion should mean no problems.   You conveniently leave out details.  They are not profitable.  Period
The reality,Bernie is,the usps is not a government agency anyway—-as always—-clueless!!!!
the post office is an integral part of the US. it helped spread the word of rebellion against the empire, it helped educate the citizens of the new country and it allowed news to be conveyed coast to coast. All while being govt run.
Perhaps that’s why he wants to privatize it.  An nice little earner for one of his palls.
You lost me, when you once again used your first sentence to defend Trump.
Privatizing the PO is a typical Republican maneuver, it is one of the few services mandated by the Constitution. Blatant disregard for that document..
Of course we can’t privatize the postal service.
Where else would these incompetent boobs get a job
Get rid of the post office
Why? Do you not like things being shipped to your house cheaply and reliably?
Because you cut jobs and shut down facilities.
Rule #1 Bernie. Never say Trump is "right." Unless you want to help get him elected again.
Broken clock, ya know?
I wish I could stop time. Better yet, set it back a couple years.
Agreed. He sometimes does the right thing ( by accident ), but for the wrong reasons.
But Jeff Bezos' Washington Post is so mean
Why are people still defending the post office 
odd, i googled 2016 usps posted a 5.6 billion loss,,volume of mail is at a 29 yr low as of 2017 over the past 10,,have u ever been to a post office, an theyre busy are they ever happy? charming? polite? maybe,,
The mail volume is not at a 29 year low. LETTER mail is at a low. Packages have never been higher. Take it from this 6 year veteran mailman: I've delivered more and more mail and package volume every year since I started.
eh, its a usa today report from march 1, 2017,,maybe its fake news,,
It's probably partially true, only insofar as that first class mail is down because people don't typically mail each other letters anymore. But the package volume more than makes up for that, and then there is still an assload of junkmail that helps keep the PO profitable.
we will know shortly? if the usps needs help with cash, they usually turn to congress, im sure that will waved around when it happens, stay safe, dont get a dog bite!
It could be much cheaper if the majority of it was privatized.
Why are you against privatization? FedEx and UPS are excellent companies.
Ups is horrible usps is way better then them FedEx is fine though.
but it was a good thing when Obama privatized 
NASA
Trump’s Big Plan: restructure it, then bankrupt
Release your tax returns or STFU
Is privatisation becoming a widespread contagious disease throughout the occidental countries? Terrible what's happening in France
Nothing to do with the Postal Service more to do with Amazons owner who also owns the Washington Post...it’s Trump yet again abusing his position to settle old scores....should not be allowed!
More resistance!!!
Do you already have their financials to back that up?
Thanks in part to changes and also companies like Amazon using the delivery service. 
Lets just stop giving him jobs to do and kick him out of office instead.
He wouldn't know that...
Donal trump

well it would take a constitutional amendment.
