Even if you can't stand Bernie, there's a big pre-2020 lesson here. @brianefallon: "The communications arms of national campaigns will be more like production studios and less devoted to the ability to spin reporters."
Donald Trump isn't the 2016 candidate who’s got a mini-media empire with a dedicated following all figured out. http://nym.ag/2JiqV5c 
Personally I think Bernie Sanders should retire and knit.  #neverBernie
Why?
Because we need younger ppl to run for office. Sanders lost with the help of the Russians. The ppl who didn’t vote for him 2 years ago aren’t going to vote for him in 2 years. Why would they? It’s not like he’s improved on anything in any way.
People's mind can change. A lot of Trump voters are dissatisfied and some might even change to Sanders if pushed a bit. Despite, we haven't seen a standoff between Sanders and Trump, so you don't know who'll win.
I have zero interest in anything to do with 2 old white men who make promises they’ll never keep. Sanders isn’t a democrat and couldn’t win with Russian help. Bernie is the ex boyfriend who thinks he’s better than the guy you dumped him for. Hard pass on his dusty ass.
When did I say I want a democrat to win? I want a leftist to win. From a european perspective, there is no fucking difference between Republicans and Democrats. What Bernie is promising, is basicly political consensus here. Don't elect another war criminal like Obama please.
And this isn’t Europe and we don’t care about their perspective. Feel free to move to a leftist country and vote for all the leftists you want.
I live in Germany and support leftist parties. Honestly, I don't care if you want to vote for corporate puppets, but stop bombing innocent children and stop supporting terror regimes. There's a reason a majority of the world thinks the US is the biggest threat to world peace.
Love the story. Question - can they tell how many of their views are in the US and how many are from abroad?
Yes, like from Russia!
Good!  Bernie Sanders has a lot to say.
He did during the 2016 primaries. Trump and Bernie are both populists that promise the undeliverable for votes
I love how what is called undeliverable populism in the US is just common sense and even centre right in Europe.
Take into consideration the different dynamics on how your Europe comparison pales to how we operate in the United States. Then tell me how you would go about making said promises into deliverable policy to enact for every state in America.
I love the "the US has an intractable political system therefore reasonable policy is impossible here defence".
Do you not understand the level of complexity the legislative branch would have take to enact Bernie's pipe dreams?
His ideas would save billions, and the economy would blossom like a fuc*ing spring flower. Except that it wine for all Americans, not just the one percent.
Great. So we'll get Trump again as that damned Independent trashes the Democrats.
Had the Dems allowed Bernie to get the nomination far and square, we probably wouldn’t have Trump now.
He lost to HER #StillWithHer #NeverBernie #BernieIsNotaDemocrat
OK Never mind. Chris is just a paid troll. I should have looked at the account first. Wasted my ire on a #ComradeBernieBro ......Damn
Right....But I’m beginning to think YOU are. I’ve never had a “conversation “!with a liberal or progressive Democratic that is so nasty as you and Ducks Unlimited are toward this subject. You sound more like the 2nd Amendment folks.Hmmmm
Seriously???? Yes Few followers, few following ... with numbers after the name - 2 clues for paid trolls. As for being nasty...those of us who worked hard for Hillary & have been attacked for years from Bernie supporters are fighting back against the lies YOU all still perpetrate
So you’re judgemental AND intolerant. Nice combo. You judge ME not based on fact and have zero tolerance or anyone not agreeing with you. Facts: Tom Perez Admitted the Primary process was NOT fair. And what about those establishment “Super delegates “?  Just admit you blew it.
and Bernie continues to babble about everything in the universe.  He needs to focus on campaign finance reform - everything flows from there.  Kill Citizen United and Valeo and the rest is easy.
@SenSanders needs to go away.

He’s practically #VladsUsefulIdiot at this point.
He is so old, he is probably going to be in a nursing home or dead by 2020. So no need to worry about becoming a socialist or communist country as long as Trump is running things.
I doubt if this will help him win a large enough share of the minority vote which is what *any* candidate needs to do if they want to win the nomination.
I doubt if this tweet will earn you more than 8 followers.
Thanks for the input Cole.  Very important stuff.  And so far it's only gotten me 1 it seems, so that magic number of 8 hasn't happened.
But how about we stick to discussing Senator Sanders?  Since that's what Gabriel's tweet is about.
NB- My account is new if you didn't look.
I'm following Gabe
I'll pass
If it's anything like Bernie's Twitter following, it's rife w/ bots. The RNC or whoever's doing their dirty work spends a lot of time trying to make him seem more popular than he actually is. Most actual Dems-not confused libertarians or other "independent"-really don't like him.
wow look at all these bots.  who knew Russia had this many willing bodies in the US.
hehe
a lot of those photographs aren't for a Bernie only rally, buddy. Let's not be dishonest.
Photo #3 is Obama speaking 
Russia can't even figure that out I guess.
you guys are right, and I'm not from Russia.
These come from image search for Sanders rally through Google.
And, I didn't look close enough.
Sorry to disappoint on the other thing, though. I was born in Ohio several decades ago.  ruins the narrative I know 
oh man, so I had to take a look because "most of" those photos would be....three.
But, actually, three of em are honest to god rallies for Bernie Sanders.  But you managed to fool a couple of other tweeters with that.  cuz truth matters u know. lmao
He's hasn't been building shit. 
He's another tool for Putin.
#FUCKBERNIE
I don't want Sanders to run again.
Why
We need new candidates.
Do you have people with better qualities?
Time will tell. I like the Governor of Washington.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jay_Inslee 
LEFTY?  How about simply human issues affecting the MAJORITY of homosapien at home and around the globe!  He has more courage and integrity than any politician in America!
While I love the idea of a lefty news network- Bernie is not the messenger I'm looking for.  No thanks.
Agree
My guess is y'all's chosen candidate was the one who helped bomb Yemen by selling weaponry to the Saudis.
Nice politics. Probably Republican, but it doesn't really matter. It's wrong. This is wrong.
It's garbage. And also, where are his tax returns? He released a partial of a single year. Surely Jane's finished with them by now?
Clintonites would rather die bitter that help rebuild a progressive Democratic Party.
A more progressive party is achievable WITHOUT that sad old fraud.
Not possible with Clinton either.
Running nobody over 60 would be a smart move for Democrats. Let Republicans be the party of bitter old Baby Boomers.
I agree, but I'll support anybody who backs progressive policies. If an old dude like Bernie is the best we got then so be it.

But yes, an idealized candidate would be younger. Bernie is the compromise.
He's far from the best. I wouldn't even call him good enough.
Miles ahead of Hillary "single payer will never, ever happen" Clinton.

Pick a better candidate next time and maybe the DNC won't have to clear the field to give them a snowball's chance in hell of winning against an orange circus racist.
it'll be a revolving door for the people that work there since the viewers will be offended nonstop
I won’t be offended and I have tens of million mighty companions. #Bernie2020
when your web vids draw more viewers than the network that blacked you out during the primaries :P
Policy over personalities.  He's a leader, whether he runs or not.. the point is educating the masses on the issues and the corruption of our government.
I certainly hope so!
More Fake News. This time from a crazy old man.
No he's not haha he's the joke of politics
You mean Socialist and Marxist propaganda? Got it.
Not happening! People are smarter that to listen to his garbage!
OK BERNIE JUST HOW WELL DOES SOCIALISM WORK? Venezuela, children and adults fighting over garbage to be able to feed themselves! Venezuela is a disaster! AND GUESS WHAT IT IS RUN BY A SOCIALIST JUST LIKE YOU!!!!
Dear @BernieSanders --I hope this is true! The "anti-@FoxNews ? That would be BRILLIANT!
People better wake up. He spews socialism and will be the demise of our country.
More statist controlled media super great
What’s the deal with peppering your article with bullshit like this: “but also little room for dissent.” As if there is ANY room for dissent in mainstream news. Dissenters quickly find themselves unemployed. These types of dishonest jabs show a writer’s character.
@SenSanders @intelligencer go get Bernie!
Hey you grumpy old man, I want to live FREE in YOUR home. I want YOU to pay me to work for YOU. I want YOU to feed me & let me have your car. Are YOU going to dictate that small business owners hire people they don’t need? #AntiAmericanCommunist #CrazyBernie
@POTUS perhaps you should take notes from Bernie, Build yourself a Media Empire??  GET OFF OF TWITTER, they are blocking all of the Conservative voices anyway!

I AM LOOKING AT THE PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT IF I HAD MY WAY
Suggest a reading of the Big Lie -
Df
And he can make the videos without ever having to leave the lakeside mansion he bought with the money he was paid to support HRC in her campaign!
Like #TYT --: Paul Ryan Sets New Record For Robbery (of the #American people)-- http://youtu.be/TDGqDXvx5Mc  -- #TheYoungTurks #Bernie2020 @OurRevolution @BrandNew535 @justicedems @IronStache @HartsonForCA @SenKamalaHarris @BetoORourke --more reason to purge capitalism from #Democracy
Why write that it was "perceived" that Sanders got less coverage than other major presidential candidates? This has been documented. e.g. ABC nightly news gave him 30 seconds through the entire primary.
https://bluntforcetruth.com/news/bernie-sanders-mourns-hamas-terrorists-killed-israel/ …  is this on his network?
#Ideology
I think all presidential candidates need to go through the same vetting procedures as everyone else in the WH. It would save a lot of time if we knew who they really were instead of who they pretend to be.
Quit being troll bait. This is ridiculous. Let’s stop letting Russian fake news inform us. Sanders isn’t the problem. Geez
The difference between Bernie and Trump: Bernie is putting a spotlight on important issues long ignored by traditional news media, especially TV. Trump is a well documented liar screaming “fake news” at anything he doesn’t like.
Is he still saying how he thinks women like to be gang raped?

gross
#BurnedByBernie ain't got a snowball's chance in hell of clinching the Democratic party nomination. He's an also ran at best.
@SenSanders retire please you are a clueless hipppie
I’ll pass.
What about the righty news network that Sinclair has and is trying to make bigger?
Go @SenSanders Go!!
Is this where I'll learn more about Bernie Sanders to announce plan to guarantee every American a job
I don’t like politicians doing this. The press should be independent.
He gotta be the next president
Won't work, he took money from Russia and is way too old.
This gives me hope that those on the left are finally realizing they are going to have to fight the nouveau conservatism at its own game. It also gives me a case of the frights
 when I think about what kind of clashes a hyper consumerism of opinions could lead to.
That's interesting, no one I know has heard of his videos and some of them like Bernie but have moved on to better people to support.
I truly hate the word socialism. Offering people health care, safety, education and a place to live, is called human decency and dignity. Do you want to see poor children and parents out on the streets with no hope?
Both Trump and Sanders want to control the narrative. Simple as that. Truth is inconvenient.
WGAF?
Somebody let him know about Free Discussion Society
Only to puss out around election ... again.. nah, im good
Excellent!
Lefty? It’s all about Bernard, not any one else on the left.
What ? He is still alive???

He used to blame millionaires until he became one. Now only billionaires get a shout out.
Those small donations and all his money schemes are adding up. This was his goal. We have to stop so many madmen. Top 2 #bernie and #trump.
GOOD because TV New Orgs will be unfair again.  Just like pushing Iraq 2003 and constant live Trump 2016. TV is loyal to stockholders & their largest gross revenue customer, PHARMA, That's why there's no choice.
We've been telling you about the Bernie propaganda network since 2015.  A whole bunch of "news" sites that lie for Bernie and are Russian in origin.

Did I miss something? Did LinkTV or TYT simply vanish?
Why does he need one? Nearly the entire spectrum of news networks is “lefty”
We don't give a fuck.
We stay in
#FORMATION
#ExpectUs
#FUCKBERNIE
No.
Oh my god what would a lefty liberal network look like? Maybe like FOXNews
Bernie, the red-faced angry old white man, should apologize for helping bring us Trump
Can hardly wait for the so-called “Independent” to become a Democrat in 2019....$$$$$
Gross. Bernie is canceled! Again.
Mr. $27? Really? SHOCKING!
The comparison to Trump is apt because, like Trump, Sanders is less interested in promoting ideas than he is in promoting himself.  #BernieShowYourTaxes #OurRevShowYourDonors
Yet another example of Bernie Sanders following the playbook of his mentor, Ron Paul.
So “Corporate Media ” Giving Jesus #Bernie free time and no vetting since 2015 is not good enough for @SenSanders ?
So he finally got the “Tea Party of the left” media? His cult will be happy! Saint #Bernie 24 hours a day! 
Sorry, I’ll stick to Netflix
@BravenakBlog @HillaryWarnedUs @HillaryzMyHmgrl another
Who’s paying for these videos to be produced? I guess we’ll find out when he releases his tax returns...
He’s still not going to win.
Probably that's because he doesn't like giving interviews unless he pre-approves the questions by lightweights like Chris Hayes!  He avoids the Vermont Press like the plague.

Bernie another hater of the free press!
Excellent piece - also worth noting that Bernie Sanders received the most “overwhelmingly positive” media coverage of any presidential candidate - yet he still cries victim.
man, I'm a bobby kennedy democrat and I wouldn't piss on this guy if he was on fire. who made him god? and he's not even a registered democrat.
"But most of it emerged without Sanders’s fellow senators paying attention; he rarely coordinates with his colleagues."  NO. SHIT.  He rarely coordinates, collaborates, or does anything w/colleagues except steal their thunder & take credit for their ideas." #NotBuyingTheBSBS
Boycott Sanders
Watch these two, examples of insufferable shitlibs at it again
The picture of you with Pocahontas is bad optics for me, sorry.
@MSNBC? I thought he got it for free?
Yet - the fact is Our Revolution has completely failed to get any important candidate or ballot initiative elected.
so, if bernie, by chance, takes 2020 - will it become state run tv?  you know, like they had the communist run soviet union which bernie admired so much, for years?  bernie does like to emulate others.  this time - trump.
in* the communist run ...
kind of like trump tv. The parallels between these two are staggering but not unsurprising. #Fberniesanders
Sanders is not a democrat
Just more proof that Bernie is the Trump of the left. Another leader of the lunatic fringe 

How could ANYone be in favor of this propaganda? Are Americans that detached from the fundamentals that promote a healthy democracy?

Where is the concern? Where is the outrage?
Omg they are trying to trick us into... Having healthcare and raising the minimum wage?
Preview.
He has a face that dries up vaginas.
Looking at this pic trying to figure out who is the oldest.  I bet they both knew George Washington.  Time for some new blood. #retire
Neither the Dems or the turn-coat Warren will allow this...somehow!
Congratulations to senator Bernie Sanders. I wish his news network is successful .
Washed out, millionaire Bernie never will win anything.
A left wing trump
#Bernie2020
Most of Sanders political contributors are illegal immigrants and people who want to see America with open borders. Sanders shld just move to a country w/ no laws and take all his followers with him. There they can do whatever they want. Free for all.
Bernie Sanders will never get the Democratic nomination- maybe only as a lame duck VP. They already cheated him out of the Dems nomination by rigging in Hillary. In any case Russia will be very pleased with Bernie much more than they are presumed to be with DT
Bernie is so old, He will be lucky to still be kicking in 2020.  He is already 50% senile. A couple of more years he will 100% crazy.
I’m sure Murdoch is screaming like a little girl over it
When you say Sanders town halls are outdrawing CNN, what numbers are you comparing for that? Are the Sanders town halls providing total viewers or average viewers over the time period--because CNN averages close to 1M viewers in prime time. That's different than total viewers.
He needs to go away. Go knit or walk. Stop celebrating the guy who lost while trashing the woman who won.
By that logic you should be giving Trump a chance. The only thing Clinton won was the right to run the worst campaign since that of Dukakis and she stuck us with Trump as a result.
BERNIE2020



Run Bernie Run
Unless Bernie is going to call it the Lefty News Network, maybe as a journalist you should have referred to it with a less loaded term?
Awesome. Best candidate for POTUS. Not like Fake in WH.
Is it really a news network if no one's watching it? Or is it just more Sanders masturbation?
Yes
I would not vote for Sanders and Warren.  We need newer, younger leadership to move us forward.
So a bunch of Facebook videos produced by interns are now a "news network?" Sure okay.
I'm sure that will fail like left wing radio
F-Bernie.



Breaking news from BNN...
IF this is TRUE, it would be a refreshing change from all the righty extremist crapola we've been inundated with the past several years.
#NeverBernie
lefties are great
#NEVERbernie
Bernie is a socialist  , socialism is a failure.
i love bernie but not for president   we need to come up with a goodlooking young guy   like rufus gifford  to save us
Maybe he should hire #CambridgeAnalytica oh wait he already had Russia help him last time
f Sanders . He's another trump
I find Bernie always above the fray: "it's the issues stupid." He never gets into mud slinging brawls. I love that he realized MSM would be chasing the flavor of the year~ so he works around it.
Hmmmm.... just like Donny wanted to do before he was “elected”
Sucking up any oxygen in the room against anyone really able to beat trump
Damn. You mean that not only does Bernie get a seat on all sorts of @CNN and @MSNBC shows, he has his own digital outlet? JFC now there's even *less* justification for all those free appearances. cc: @chrislhayes
Paid for by Putin.
The Dem’s better “Feel the Bern”, in 2018 and 2020. If they don’t they’ll get burned again.
#NeverBernie #BernieIsNotaDemocrat
It’s no longer quite when it’s in social media ;)
And meeting the voters...the working-class voters and others that usually don't get this kind of contact from anyone in Washington D.C. He has conversations with a lot of people, instead of typical politicians that just give speeches full of catch phrases and slogans.
You misspelled “white” hth.
White what?
Working class people, voters... He doesn’t like to listen to POC much.
How did you arrive at that conclusion?
Research. Listening to POC on why they don’t vote for him. Listening to the things he says and his priorities.
People of what color?
What I mean is, are you singling out a particular group of American voters that are not light-skinned descendants of Europeans? Do you include Americans whose ancestors are indigenous to North, and/or South America, Asia, South & North Africa, etc?
Let him do whatever he wants..just please don’t run for President
He’s running! #Bernie2020
Oh no, we were watching him. We also observe his little shows, such as grandstanding crashing the #neveragain walkout, in front of his video cams.  I mean, there was even a wardrobe plan for that phony act of his. #FeeltheFraud
Gee how not exciting hearing Bernie say the same things he said for 50 years and see him wag his finger and  disparage Obama- - pretty sure others do it too. The RussianRepublican Party sends their bots to make him look more popular than he is. I am a Dem and he is not.
And yet, Bernie’s still THE most popular politician in the country—even without you. #Bernie2020
Bye bot.
I bet it’s state run.
You know because he’s not a capitalist unless it benefits him personally.
How is Bernie paying for this (how many staff)? We know millions of *45's 'followers' are bots. Any way to know if # of views can similarly be inflated?
"(L)egions of backers": financial? Is this money being tracked? Bernie has only produced 1 tax return, so what info is there? "Senate resources" is not terribly specific. Did Bernie not want to provide this information? Did Mr. Debenedetti ask?
I think I’d be happier if we overhauled our news media model. There needn’t be Left or Right news. We lose too much relying on someone to tell us “why”, instead of “who, what, where and when.”
#StillSanders Love his podcasts and if you listen,  they are fact-based, not partisan rhetoric unless you want to equivocate right wing false narratives with stats,  science and studies.
Fact Based & Bernie in the same sentence !  LOL
We saw how much people liked HRC talking out both sides of her mouth giving one speech to Wall Street and different ones on her campaign...
Your idol was caught when a journalist confronted Bernie about HC giving a speech 2 Wall Strreet.  HC was a Private Citizen when she gave those speeches & the speeches were her proprietary property.  Old Bernout could NOT give one example of HC benefiting Wall Street.  #BernEXIT
Actually,  Bernie could have talked about when she changed her vote on the bankruptcy bill,  but despite his supporters asking him to do so he wouldn't. Being a private citizen doesn't negate her talking out both sides of her mouth.
He is a Russian plant, Communism is the Far Left of socialism. It’s sad that so many youth want/accept socialism. Any socialist who’s willing to accept alternative POV should read Russian Wonderland. Socialism/communism is only for the wealthy/elitist!!!
That's entirely a load of crap and only goes to show your ignorance of socialism. Plain and simple.
It’s not about Bernie. It’s about the medium. The man is on to something. Dems who choose not to understand what he is doing do so at their own peril. He is speaking to issues that matter BTW. There is no Democrat doing that nationwide yet. Feel free to hate him. He’s right tho.
there are #thrulines who seem to get it.
“I’m so excited, and I just can’t hide it
I’m about to lose control and I think I like it” 
Hate him.
Me too. I bet I hate him more. Because I really, really hate him and his Trumpers, er, I mean Berners.
HE’S NOT RUNNING. He will be 80 in 2021. Stop wasting time arguing about Bernie 2020 (and same goes for Joe Biden-love you but you’re too old).

.@SenBernie the Fake's tax returns are still secret. Him & his wife lawyered up: fed fraud investigation. The "outsider": 30+ years in the senate, never held a real job. #BernieIsEvil
I hope it doesn’t happen.
He will never win a general election.
Bernie Sanders has won multiple general elections for mayor, Congressman, and US Senator.
@AngryBlackLady @BravenakBlog @docrocktex26 @MrDane1982 @NotOnMyWatchTV
#EndSuperdelegates
@SallyAlbright
Ah yes better tag in Bot Queen Sally Albright for some bizarre reason.
Look I am no fan of Bernie, but if he was to be the dem nominee and picked a solid vVP like harris, booker, moulten, murphy etc.. I would take him over trump in a heartbeat
.@SenBernie is evil. An opportunistic conniving populist with unlimited media network - this should really scare us shitless.
Everybody there is sleepy.
If he can outcompete MSNBC and CNN for that market then good luck to him. Viva capitalism!
Damn right. F yeah.
Uh, no. And if it's devoted to Bernie-approved content, how is it news?
They had the wrong backdrop !! This one fits there agenda #communist
If black voters aren’t watching it doesn’t matter. He’s pretty much preaching to the usual suspects.
Let me know when he livestreams his last 10 years of 1040s.
That is a good one! 
Never Bernie.
So trump vs Sanders, who you voting for?
Fine with me. He can stay there forever and prosper if it means he never runs for president again.
Some of y’all hate Bernie more than Trump and it’s really funny
Ummm--"His live videos regularly draw more viewers than CNN???---CNN typically gets far fewer than 2 million viewers for any of it's programs---I believe that's worldwide---There are 360 million Americans.
Sanders has never built one f...ing thing in his life other than his legacy of worthlessness!
Standing by waiting for CNN to post this news...I'll wait...Waiting
Yeah 4wlI
Americans need to dismiss Sanders as the Russian Side Kick he was in 2016 and enabler of the Trump Presidency. Who donated 44M to Sanders Feb 2016 hint: (not small donors)
Proof please not merely rhetotic!
So what ? You have fox news right ?
Ugh... I really wish Bernie would retire.  Maybe take up knitting.
I wonder where he gets the money from?
Didn't need the long rehash on trump for an intro. I watch bernie on FB when he goes LIVE.
YES @SenSanders
Great, Fox News from the Far Left. Looks like the Commies and the Fascist are Hell bent on Destorying the Country.
Somebody has to promote the left wing. All the media promotes is the right wing and the center. A failure of the Democrats to complain about this.
Sanders is full of crap
Well that was a misleading headline, why not just have it be how a politician is speaking to the people on social media and getting traction?  Why the Bernie TV stuff?  Just let the man do his thing.
Why? He's too damned old and only sees a portion of the people..

Get. Young. Now
He has been saying these things since he was young, it just took us forever to acknowledge him.  I have no problem with an older experienced politician leading the young in the right direction.
The students of the US have no problem with Bernie, either. 

As long as he keeps fighting for real issues for real people vs Big $ interests, 
who cares how old he is? He has all the markers for a long, healthy life —  physical & mental acuity/health, good genes for longevity.

Let it burn.
news agencies in reporters and journalist and what have you cannot get away from bias. There is the built-in bias of the news agency CNN for example and then there is the personal bias of the reporter. All are shown in the way the questions asked of the subject of the story.
This could be good or a Nightmare. What if we end up with the wars of Fox & Bernie Channel? Can we have a Truth Channel? One could only hope Bernie will make that come true, keep our fingers crossed.
Sanders doesn’t care which party he’s aligned with.  He wants socialism in America and that’s one step from communism.  Fortunately, in 2020, Bernie probably won’t remember his name.  Vermont is so complacent they keep looking the other way-just like Cali’s citizens did.
Does he know he’ll have to employ capitalist techniques to keep it afloat?
#Bernie2020 
#EarthDay
He is a pushover . He let the DNC block him out of the primary ! Wasserman-Schultz gave him the shaft !
Great, that will make 87.
We have a lot of leaning news channels and I like it...many times they can be watched as surplus comedy channels...but a real,actual centrist one could be nice too....more...
Where’s your picture?
time for us to turn off CNN and their bullshit?
como?

Not Bernie. Also from 2017. Case already shut. No convictions. You Clintonites must be sad.
Really ? 
Is Cardi B giving him advice on how to run it ?
Not exactly "quietly"
