FDR is "the real 'Make America Great Again' President because of it weren't for him, older Americans wouldn't even get Social Security." - @iamcardib 
@KillerMike taking Ls and @iamcardib taking ppl to school  why hip hop, WHY!?
Glad cardi skoolin niggas too!  I love that 
aye i’m hella pumped for this new Bernie Cardi B collab
When you don't know what's happening but you support it @Jasmine_Maria
#BardiGang
Bernie just said Cardi B is right. 

He should have been prez.



 @SenSanders  @iamcardib  
Damn son where’d you find this!?
Oh yeah that’s me
Cool.
She really about to rule the world.
Never thought Bernie Sanders and @iamcardib would be mentioned in the same sentence, mind blown! lol 
Social Security isn’t and was never intended to be a financial resource for Fed gov’t operations.  We need to stop Congress from stealing from it and the money that has been taken out over the last 70 years needs to be replaced, WITH INTEREST!  Pay us back, don’t cut benefits!
This is who i wanted as president!
Thank God it didn't happen, and it will never happen, Sanders is a fraud and a liar he will not get another chance to destroy the Democratic Party, Democratic constituencies will not vote for him, ever but never ever
@AsadIhab

Hahahah omg
@paneloux83 I don’t even know what to say to this. What the fuck is going on? 

Is Cardi B politically minded? 

Is Bernie part of her posse? 

What. The. Fuck.

Perfect
Pretty bad when all that money that you put in there is given to people that are living off the system and can damn well get a job.
True. The 1% should have to WORK for it—like the rest of us! They also should get drug tested.
*Bernie looking closely and in his Brooklyn accent* 
“What’s a Cardi B?”
Staffer- “Just post it. We’ll explain later.”
let's make it happen!! 
"Cardi B is right." 

- Senator Bernie Sanders, 2018
Bernier Cardi in a ‘rari
And this is why he wins the youth vote
We want a collab
Bernie feat. Cardi B - Make America skinny again
Hahhahahah 
NOW YOU TRYING TO USE CARDI B MAN YOU SOMETHING ELSE! #BlackLivesMatter  YOU WILL USE ANYONE YOU CAN FOOL!!!!
Sorry chump. Cardi B was down with Bernie long before I suspect he'd heard her name. Who do you think Daddy Bernie is anyway?
Who remembers when @iamcardib endorsed Bernie Sanders for president?

#DaddyBernie 
Yeah, but we should really be thanking Frances Perkins for that, not the guy responsible for Japanese internment camps (not as different from Trump as we would like to imagine)
Also, IIRC, Cardi B used to be a sex worker, someone who absolutely would have suffered under SESTA/FOSTA, which you, @SenSanders, voted to approve 
This guy is using cardi b as a marketing tool 
Politicians are evolving  using artist for their political gain
Nothing new or evolving . Frank Sinatra all over the place for JFK in late 1950s.
How do you strengthen social security when city and county jobs don’t pay into it. Only pay into Medicaid. Less taxes helps people to save their own money for retirement and not have to rely on a SS check 
did you like invasion of privacy
I’d love to see some meaningful reform of SSA policies. #ssawhistleblower
CardiB 2020!
I think that will free up more job so that American young generation  will have jobs & crimes will go down, As long oldest generation still working that what taking job aways from them, that my opinion.
No, it’s all the entry level jobs that provided experience and training at have been outsourced to foreign countries... so the rich get richer and further reduce # of tax payors
LOL @YouFoundMolly55 is this where its all coming from??
Yuh!!
We live in a strange time
Incredible
How about your fuckers stop ROBBING from the American people and keep your paws off MY money that I put into Social Securty? Asshole.
It's not your money. You need to get over that little misconception right away. When you pay into SS, you're paying for current retirees, like it or not. Somalia is ---> that way.
And....you’re racist.
You care to explain that one? Am I being racist against your mountain man moonshine roots or something?
Naw that’s what he says when an intellectual speaks the truth and he can’t handle it. It’s all down his timeline.
Maybe I'll start jabbering to everyone I meet--"it's my money, racist!"
it’s really sad.. social security in NY can’t cover all the expenses... between rent and bills and the joke that is food stamps.. totally in acceptable ! my parents deserve better...
Florida's cheaper.
been trying to get them down there for years... they want to be bear grandchildren ... i would move down there in a heartbeat if i could sustain the same income ...
Or we can teach kids to invest their earnings into themselves and not rely on the government 
Apparently you don't understand that social security isn't a gift from the government. If we make it to retirement age, we get back the money we paid in. Investing money on our own involves significant risk of a market downturn. It has taken 10 years for my 401K to recover.
There are many “safe” low risk mutual funds that i personally invest in that i try to tell my peers about. The point isn’t to get rid of social security but rather create a new mindset to not rely on the government... must have flown over your head
I have a better philosophy “not being scammed by a for profit mutual fund, and have a well managed social net, since they are proven to work better”
Either a mutual fund or a social net will give you the same result. The only scam here is Bernie’s socialist economy.
The difference is that the welfare state is universal, more efficient, and offers a better quality of life.
Unless you mean a different welfare state than the one where people can go through my grocery line and buy $10 steaks and $50 crab legs with food stamps then i disagree. It makes people comfortable and then you tax the upper class more.
What’s the problem with that? You are just resentful of others having nice things while you are struggling. You are not concerned about relieving the suffering of others, but you want others to suffer.
How about explaining to them that giving the GOP the majority of their votes guarantees that these programs will be eviscerated?
You can’t just throw support to an ex-stripper to gain popularity when you voted yes to SESTA, which hurt and/or endangered just about everyone in the sex work community. You can’t hurt the community then use them as a platform. Do some research via #SurvivorsAgainstSESTA, etc.
So many Seniors rely on SS as their only source of income!
All I’m sayin is cardi b for president @jojojaynes @rynewiegel4 @hannahmsherry
why am I laughing so hard omg. “cardi b is right”
@TerpyTaylor
Pissed
You're just gonna have to accept her at some point lmfao
Never thought I’d see the day when Cardi B is more socially aware than the President. This is the America we live in now.
Cardi and Bernie Sanders who you know do it better
@AlBendickson91

Okkkkkkkkkkuuuuuuurrrrrrrrt
Mr. Berns co-signing Cardi B. What a time to be alive.
Bernie Sanders you better stan for cardi b
AMEN
Why don't all you people who have the money and the power, try to live on what you give me? $868.00 rent 625, electric 60-100 monthly, no car and no friends.
I worked since I was twelve and once held down 4 jobs at once. With all that was paid into the system by me, shouldn't my life be a little bit easier?
Stop using women of color to advance your agenda.
What Bernie did is not racist but your comment is. Does it matter what color she is?  She’s a celebrity who speaks truth and likes Bernie.
Who's asking cardi b about Franklin d Roosevelt tho
Trevor the article is in GQ
@QIffert
This is incredible.
@vincebeltrami  Cardi B knows things!
also put japanese people in camps and extended the depression for years while also creating a welfare culture. truly the best we've got!
Yeah early FDR was awful he got awful advice from awful racist ass generals but we're talking about New Deal
I know! That's why i made my ebooks edit
Hey @SenSanders I’d be happy to pay the same percentage in social security as anyone under $250k as long as you remove the AMT, let me claim the same deductions and give me the same income tax rate.  Fair is fair.
You forgot... and get the same heath care that senators get.
dude... give it up.  it's because of you that we have Trump.
Yeah, Bernie would be much worse than Trump.
There is no Worse than Trump!  Bernie should have been backed by the DNC or ran as an Independent.
Social Security is in such good shape that the feds are borrowing from it for the third time!
Bernie
You first have to create jobs & people have to pay tax
Otherwise
You are just hot air!
j!
You mean the same FDR that put Japanese-Americans in internment camps?
call that hoe out 
FDR forced my grandpa from his home and relocated him to a camp so...
Let me just undo my retweet then! Lol
What about me when I want to retire?
You GUCKED, bro! Sorry!
Give it up Bernie! You've done enough damage.
So this isn’t pandering? Got it #Hot sauce.
Apparently, it’s not pandering when the old rich white man with a savior complex from Vermont does it.
Collab I've been waiting for
The collab America’s been waiting for
@Meg_Bouren
Love love love. Them both!!
@imashar
I know!!! 
Lolol
@amcardib DON'T FALL FOR BERNIE SANDERS TRICKS. HE WANTS TO USE YOU.
You're late to the party she endorsed #DaddyBernie in 2016
ride that dick like a bmx, bernard.
He cums more, when she sees him less.
You are a fraud and a liar, if the Democratic Party is stupid enough to go into an election with you and it they deserve what happens, Democratic constituents will never vote for you, ever, go back to Vermont form your own party as an Indy, not a Dem
Bernie better run in 2020
No dear, you do not get to retweet @iamcardib, a former exotic dancer, in order to attract black voters while simultaneously supporting bills that lethally endanger and censor her striper sisters, you hypocrite whorephobic abolitionist. #SESTA #FOSTA
lmaooo you pandering hack
Or they could put money in their 401k
Amen!,

Meme city
Please man, somebody fed her that line. She can’t even talk
Yes because the answer to every economic problem is to take money from some people and give it to others.
When you gonna apologise for harming sex workers?
LOL Bernie give it a rest. You would have HATED FDR and his policies. You'll jump on the back of anything to pimp yourself huh

@kissmy_rainis 
The Four Freedoms
And the focus on them
Will restore EVERYTHING
I’m so fucking HYPEEEEEER
@ConnorDaleyVT JFC
Did he make America great for the 100,000 Japanese Americans he sent to concentration camps?
@steph_ack Cardi B/Sanders 2020?
Need to make money moves B
@taylorrust And just a few weeks ago she was salty over paying taxes 
That was so two weeks ago 
social security is the problem not the solution
Republicans and corporate welfare is the damn issue, social security doesn’t get funded no where near enough, its underfunded and the stupid ass military budget is over bloated and needs major budget cuts and put into social security. Also they need to leave medicaid alone.
Biggest issue with social security is the Democrats voted to put it in the general budget and congress has been spending it like drunken sailors for years. You know that’s actually our money, right?
Its the republicans always stealing funds and writing IOUS never paying what they take out back.
Go read your history, the Left has been in power every time a bill has been passed that eroded social security.
Are you smoking crack? Its republicans that always budget cut social security and medicaid and end programs. Its the left that invented these programs that help the less fortunate and its republicans always taking them away or budget cutting them. Wake up!
Seen. Sanders, you are doing good work on so many levels and I know the American people appreciate you.  Social security should not be cut but money that was "borrowed", returned. An increase to retired people's SS check of at least $500 per month.
By golly gosh old sport you are indeed correct that the lovely B of Cardi is right. I was 20 yrs old before and now I am 60 (due to heart problems) and my SS is terrible!1
Retire with dignity and open the gates for the next generation to get into@the workforce.
Previous tweets unanswered by House, Senate, Speaker Ryan, Nancy Pelosi ....  Sen. Sanders, Please look into repeal of Govt Pension Offset/ Windfall Elimination Provision - legally & fully earned SS benefits are unjustly reduced - adversely affecting retiree income for many.
Thanks for people like you,
It seems hope is alive, having a short nap.
If it gets you to retire from politics  then I’m fine with it.
I am 76 yrs old, still working and in a lot of pain. Could they, SS, increase $$ for those that already filed?
The "again" part is off. America wasn't great prior to that.
WORK ALL YOUR ADULT LIFE GET HURT 58 YEARS OLD THE LAST THING U NEED TO WORRY ABOUT IS YOUR SS. (SECURITY)

I love when Bernie tries to make relevant tie ins with his campaign but forgets he’s quoting a former sex worker who would have definitely been harmed by his decision to vote yes on SESTA/FOSTA  https://twitter.com/sensanders/status/986620501773733888 …
Maybe if you Leftist assholes would quit trying to use Cloward & Piven to crash the economy Social Security would be solvent.  The problem is not Social Security or its funding; the problem is the Federal government robbed the fund to buy votes from the poor.
Talk talk talk. That’s all he does. But what has he accomplished 
Your right Mr. Sanders, but but how many people you think will go along with it?.
Social security was design to be a 401 k. Not to be touch or used for other things.
Thanks #CardiB for supporting the strengthening of #SocialSecurity and educating others that may never give it a thought. #grandmotherproud #AARP
So Bernie Sanders is quoting Cardi  B - ok Bernie I see you!
Everyone contributes a percent not a max amount
I have worked hard all my life. I'm 57 and still working. I want to retire now, !! but seriously, I want my Social Security when I'm unable to work. Hands OFF My Earnings!!
@iamcardib is no dummy. She's actually very knowledgeable in political science & history. Believe it or not, rappers are highly intelligent people... some are literally geniuses. Geniuses have a variety of eccentricities. Look into a few in and see.
Bernie B
Your ilk re-appropriated Social Security. Once again you're full of s***
An u ar so right but i do it with the help of the good Lord
An that is the forever lovely true
ABSOLUTELY!!!
Never thought Bernie would be backing Cardi B but I'm widittt 
Need to quit using money for other things than retirement
Agree totally.

Side note: I have been sick and living in a bubble re: music and culture.... but DANG, Bernie knows about Cardi B and I don’t... what a friggin’ wake up call to get my  together!! 
We could have had this beautiful man as president but because Hillary was on a power trip and rigged the primaries we have a human Dorito.
They need to stop stealing our taxpayer money. This is no loan.
Oh my..... 
@SenSanders retweeted about Cardi B!?  He really is the youngest Senator! No one else in Congress knows who she is!
Damn right,Bernie!
@betranderson. Many forget that the past is so much of the future. Why destroy something that helps the seniors. Many only have Social Security. They need me, I can tell them a true story about why SS is broke and how to fix it.
i can't believe i'm alive to witness bernie sanders say "Cardi B is right"
What we need is for you all in Congress to keep your hands off the social security money, always borrowing from it..never paying it back
Fantastic!

Bernie Sanders is a fraud here's why:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_QnCGyOKAw&t=788s …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6SJMuApOOI&t=325s …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qprNbRWl_AI …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgDATZ9bR5U …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPEHXCEJk8o&t=172s …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPC1FxXqKYs&t=439s … 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1d3Gk7erlY&t=223s …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_XuqcvXAhDM&t=210s …
Yes that’s correct, but if the unions keep paying out horrendous payments to their members it will never work. Bankrupting cities!
#FDR was so great that he imprisoned many Asians because of their #race and closed off #immigration from countries like #Germany, #Japan & #Italy
#Truth #Trump
Right now Social Security is distributed based on what an individual paid into the fund.  This promotes inequality because the wealthiest get more [which they don't really need] and the poor are kept in poverty and unable to adequately support themselves.
Absolutely especially when you have worked the majority of your life.  Remember to check in with your primary care physician every year.  So important!  Young adults need to learn this.  Also, have your cancer screenings as required.
Yes please, everyone must stop allowing them to weaken social security by taking from it to fund the already rich.
You knowbyour countrys in trouble qhen @cardib is on point 
I can’t explain how hard I would support a Sanders/CardiB 2020 campaign.  @SenSanders @iamcardib
Well Bernie I agree except us Americans won’t get it. You and democrats want to give it away to illegal aliens and Muslims who have never paid into it.  You voted to give more money to non Americans then veterans. We don’t get free medical like they do.
Start by giving sex workers their dignity back.
Jane Sanders and Burlington College
Are you as excited for my @iamcardib /@BernieSanders mashup as I am?
Абсолютно согласен, но к сожалению... У нас в России ситуация не лучше и по этому поводу есть подходящая пословица: "спасение утопающего - дело самого утопающего". Надеюсь, переводчик сможет правильно донести информацию. "From Russia with love".
Last week Cardi complained that too much money was taken out of her pay in taxes. Where do you and her think the money for social security is going to come from?
Cardi B is right. If we are really going to make America great we need to strengthen Social Security so that seniors are able to retire with the dignity they deserve.
Didn't he force thousands of Japanese Americans into internment camps??
Imagine a thousand Hookers speaking their mind off on what they think about Bernie #FostaSesta
Did this tweet really happen?? Here for it
@BernieSanders - how do we do this from the outside?  I’m but 1 who will fight to the ends to prove a mission, I will also counsel greater minds than mine (on its best day) to engage those who don’t want any attention.  Now what?  @BernieSanders, answer. Pls!
Change the law that disallows people fr getting SS they had no choice but to pay. My spouse started in govt service 20 yrs ago & can’t get ss benefits he paid for 20 years prior because he’s eligible for small state pension/law is courtesy Ronald Regan-who was crueler than Trump.
Pretty God Sen Sanders I am impressed
Not sure what Cardi B knows about the economics and politics behind social security but I can’t say I disagree
This is an unsubstantiated attack on @SenSanders. He was citing an ally on Social Security.
This is a red herring attack on his integrity.
And we are supposed to believe you knew who #CardiB was before someone showed you this picture?
Boi you lost my vote
Living on $635 a month for seniors is a disgrace! Rents in Chicago are ridiculously high. Seniors can not afford housing here!
Assuming you are making America great again, it would have to have been great before.  How could you think that and also want to take the social security of the people who made it great the first time?
What is happening
My husband (72) is Vietnam Vet. I'm (58) Grenada Vet. #Trump wants to move Vets with Disability pensions over to Unemployment. I've been self employed for 17 yrs & don't qualify! What's gonna happen to Me?!? Bad enough he wants to take my hydrocodone without replacing it.
Sen. Sanders-since you are trying to leverage off of Cardi B's current hotness, how about review your decision FOSTA/SESTA, and read the law this time. The unintended (maybe) consequences include the endangerment of a marginalized group of citizens. You helped pass a shitty law.
Not only that, but most are staying in their jobs for too long and stopping guys in their 40s and 50s from moving up the corporate ladder.
You are right Bernie 

The way we treat seniors AND our military vets in this country is appalling! America should be ashamed for allowing their lawmakers to continue to only care about themselves.

Gotta love Cardi!
Amen to your viewpoint, Mr. Sanders. U just made my mind become calm with hope
And continue to lower the age to receive
 benefits.
How about we end this Ponzi scheme and let me invest the money I earn, my way.
But if we’re REALLY going to make America great we need to get rid of the quack they named Donald
AMEN
Lmao its amazing..Cardi B is reallly influencing folks
Who is fdr?
I can't wait to vote for him again. These are the things I want my politicians talking about!
I love that this young lady is speaking up, she knows what she’s talking about
Yes
Add 100 billion to SS and watch all of our grandmas treat us like kings. Then when we are old we can do the same
Bernie looking out for number 1 again 
Wow
NO. Dismantle the state, democracy doesn't work
Thank you ... agreed
With Congress being so divided and slow we need to target long term issues that could help the majority of citizens before we focus on a temporary solution to a program that is impossible to perfect with life expectancy/birth rate climbing. Js
No, if we are going to #MAGA, we need #ManufacturingJobs in this country. It's all and good for #BernieSanders to run his mouth and fool the young people in the #USA, but he should tell the raw truth. He's no leader.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
These women gone figure out how to get what they want
Bernie's making #moneymoves!
Bernie Sanders & Cardi B, would’ve never thought
You forgot the hashtag #okurrr , Bernie! 

Hallelujah!
We can increase benefits, move retirement age back to 65, and have plenty of money in Social Security if we remove the cap on earnings subject to Social Security taxes. Make it a flat tax instead of a regressive tax.
Only one problem with that is the nonold folks drawing ssi
I love you. Come back
Whoever Cardi B is...she is right we need to raise the Benefits NOT cut the benefits.
My brother went to college for eight years to study history, housing and social security,  but Cardi B gets his encouragement? SMH!
Thank you @SenSanders for always speaking out on the issues that matter! #democracy
This is hilarious
So people didn't have access to shoeboxes, IRAs and savings accounts before Social Security? It's insulting that the government thinks it has to save money for me. Nevermind the fact that I've paid way more than I'll ever receive. #fuckthegovernment
Yeah change it so it's opt in and the money gets invested instead of just sitting there losing value.

FDR & Sec of Labor Francis Perkins (1st woman cabinet member) worked together with greatness of heart to put together a coalition to provide for aged persons, blind persons, dependent and crippled children, maternal and child welfare and public health in general. History rocks!
What about a class action law suit against the Congress who stole the money we had put into SS through the years.
cardi b??? who wrote this tweet for you????
Would have been nice if those of you in Congress hadn’t already spent the Social Security funds. There’s no money to pay for it, Bernie.
