Would you have to weaken banking laws to allow the Post Office to be a bank? Or are we already there, and can Walmart and Amazon offer checking accounts?

It's not a bad idea. (It's a good idea.) I hope, uncharacteristically for Bernie, he has a sound plan for implementation.
It's an idea first proposed by @SenWarren, not @BernieSanders. Now that he's co-opted it, you can be sure he has NO implementation plan.
No sugar, EW wasn't the first to propose it. We had it 100 years ago. I did the research for you
No BITTER BITCH, EW was the FIRST IN CONGRESS NOW to suggest it SPECIFICALLY as a revenue stream to combat attacks on USPS by the GOP who have hamstrung USPS's balance sheet to favor private shippers like UPS and FedEx. Share the research with your idea-stealing scoundrel Bernie!
Sanders 2011 Senate proposal. What year did Warren make her proposal? https://www.sanders.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/Postal-Reform-Summary.pdf …
Bernie pointing to an ex. of what other countries are doing is not him coming up w/ a proposal. You have a lowbar for him. Sen Warren has advocated for it as a detailed solution for USPS revenue generation for yrs and organized a formal Sen push 4 yrs ago.
One more time for the people in back:
He. Introduced. Actual. Legislation. In 2011. Not. Mere. Support. LEGISLATION.

My whole life, my mother has told this story: she went to a democratic socialists' convention when I was about a year and a half old where they had promised there would be childcare. She showed up, with me. They said,
Loved Elizabeth Warrens idea the first time I heard it get rid of those predatory lenders once and for all revive the postal community where people will gather and discuss things
I loved Elizabeth Warren's idea the first time I heard it, in the form of The Postal Service Protection Act, introduced by Bernie Sanders in 2011. It was great when we had it, is great in countries that still do, and should be brought back here.
The plan to turn post offices into state banks was NOT Bernie Sanders idea, it’s just yet another idea that he’s stolen and passed off as his own. You guys really need to get off his jock and realize that there are other elected officials in Congress.
When did he say it was his idea?
You maybe wanna set aside your anger for a beat. http://time.com/money/4081799/bernie-sanders-banks-post-offices/ …
Perhaps because she wasn't a candidate for Democratic presidential nominee? @SenSanders gave her credit, but to be completely honest and fair EW was recalling a practice that worked for us for decades, and was probably ended when someone saw a way to squeeze poor people.
I'm guessing it's to forcefully take money from one group to give to this group.
Found the guy who doesn’t read articles.
I wasn't hiding.  I have watched Bernie debate enough and I have heard him say he'd raise taxes in everyone. 

So was my assumption right?
Wrong & when you saw Bernie saying he'd raise taxes, he was talking about the average cost of medicare for all, which would eliminate what you pay towards your health insurance, co-pays & prescription meds for you & your dependents. 
It was a sweet deal.
Too lazy to read article. Does he mean the band or the mail dudes? (Hoping it’s mail but after Cardi B stuff not sure anymore)
It's a short article with a 4 minute video. Also, he's talking about mail and how Amazon could be effecting the mailing postal service.
Ffs. Amazon isn't negatively affecting the postal service. They are basically keeping it afloat.
Yeah, that's why they want to create a new revenue.
That makes sense. I'm actually totally for postal service banking, and have been for awhile. Wish it had gotten more traction when Warren brought it up.
At least @SenSanders has a comprehensive plan. Worth exploring. #USPS
It’s more Elizabeth Warren’s plan.  Post Office offered banking til the 60s so it’s not new.  Republicans will kill it due to payday lending & other banking schemes.
You forget that there are a lot of people like congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz AKA Queen of the Loan Sharks in the Democratic Party.
Oh rose twitter.  So, so lame.

I believe Senator Sanders the one that can make it work, if we had more people like minded, but we have stockpiled our government with a bunch of greedy SOBs.
Yea he can make it work like he helped a racist win. But whatever.  He probably wants to bring back the pony express.
As usual there's that one who blames someone else for their teinted thinking and doesn't involve themselves. Watch the videos rsther than troll Sanders spitting something you can't take the time to hear.
I’ll never stop blaming Bernie or his cult.
That's fine. Not every party has 100% intellects. There's always some who rank low on the scale. You'll do fine. The Senator Sanders constituents believe in supporting our weakest links.
Nor does the other use bad grammar to slam “the other “. Enjoy your racist
 We'll keep you in our thoughts. In the meantime, Google electoral college. Good night
Explain how this plan does that when, in fact, it would very likely do the opposite?
I was with you for the systemic racism part (this plan would help with the payday loan problem), but then you just kinda went off the rails. Anyway, have a good night.
He blocked me after that? I bid him a good night
Bernie should have been our President.
We have a path for that: It's called winning a nomination, then winning an election. He should do that sometime.
Lol salty Clinton voters
We're not the ones having fits every time she's on TV.
Lol you mean like the couple times she’s came outside after losing the election? Bernie has been working nonstop since she stole the nomination from him. Get over it like we did.. go after the real enemy’s
The funny thing is all I said is that Bernie should have been president and some of you are bent out of shape. Its my opinion. But thanks for the laughs.
It's a great idea and works well in other countries where I've lived (Switzerland & S Korea). I'm just wondering, w apple & Samsung Pay and so much online banking, if it will *save* the USPS.
On second thought (my privilege was showing), it could be a great way for people to avoid "payday" places and high bank fees. Hmmmm... (I should probably read the article!)
As the report points out, many countries already do what @SenSanders is proposing for the USPS. While working and living in the Netherlands, for example, my wife did her banking with its postal service. It was convenient, simple, and effective!
S@z a

Japanese post office has been doing banking for decades. Their post office system is doing fine. Great to have a politician who learns from other countries with better ideas and proven systems. #TimeForChange #progress
Japanese banks come to the customer's house to conduct transactions.
Entirely different concept of "service" in Japan.
The Japanese truly embody the meaning of service. The best anywhere in the world. And no tip required!
LOL his face. It says it all really. Whatever topic is going on "bernie has a plan"... even if he doesnt really or if it's someone else's plan they he's hijacked.


Let me guess, raise the price of stamps
Or...you could not guess and read the article.
Polish Prince didn’t miss much. He wants to turn it into a bank 
Yeah, your idea is much better.
So you think turning the Post Office into a bank is a great idea?
Not sure if it's a "great idea" or not, but we need to do something. It's one very real idea.
Makes perfect sense. The government is only losing $15 billion on the post office. So let’s double-down by doing something that could literally collapse our economy.

Bernie Sanders can go fuck himself.


delete your account.
I miss Postbank of Germany and Postal Bank of Japan.  They provided affordable services, and the banking profits offset postal losses.
Save us Bernie from another of your slogans. Congresss forced US Mail to fully fund their pension fund into the future. No other gov service has to do it. Otherwise they make a profit. Cancel the requirement! No need for a plan.
Did you uh watch the interview cause uh he mentioned that.  Also postal banking is about providing bank services to people shut out by retail banks, it's not just about money for the postal service
Postal banking been talk about for over a decade.
Thank you for this, but in fact this isn't a 'new' idea. It's been around a bit, and it does make a lot of sense. But Republicans (as long as they have any say in the matter) will trounce it in a second.
I was a bit skeptical when initially reading the headline, but after a modest amount of research, I think it’s an inordinately practical & functional idea. My fear is that instead of remaining a benevolent tool helping the poor escape money lenders, it’ll be refocused on profits.
The Post Office, by law, has to be revenue neutral. If profit margins remain high they then have to lower rates. It isn’t ran like a normal company.
No guarantee about how the banking would actually be implemented and how current laws and regulations would be modified in addition to new ones being implemented. Maybe akin to the laws from 1910 to 67? Like I said, I just did modest research and like the initial concept.
The Post Office already handles high value items and stamps in a similar manner to the way banks handle money. Some laws might need tweaking but not much infrastructure spending would be needed. I do have doubts Republicans and some Democrats will be eager to allow it.
Hopefully the idea gains traction & we get to hear good and informative debates (probably wishful thinking given current politics). I’m sure there’s stats for the European & Asian countries that already have the service—not sure how applicable the stats are to our circumstances.
Yeah, take away that BS they have to pay 75 years in advance for ppls insurance
Winner, winner! It’s almost like lawmakers were hoping to crash the USPS in order to cash in on private firms.
Bernie Sanders has a plan to save humanity; If only people would listen.
You can't afford it!
USPS is the only government agency that is required to set aside future retirement funds, around $2B. That's the reason they don't turn a profit (even though profit shouldn't matter). 

Turning post offices into community banks sounds like a great idea to me. Why not people?
Thank you Bernie for working so hard for the people, not the rich and corporations.
When all you wanted to do was help the working class but now you just see the country you love falling apart right in front of your eyes
@SenSanders since the number of online and ATM transactions are increasing, why move backwards requiring huge upfront spending?
The Post Office at one time provided these services. They already have much of the infrastructure in place as they handle high value items and stamps in the same way banks handle money. It should be a fairly easy addition to their services.
PO counters are understaffed and most people use atm or web banking. Moving away from brick and mortar
Except in low income neighborhoods. It would be an alternative to payday lenders.
great he should stick to the only thing he knows how to legislate
How about learning more about Sen. Bernie Sanders?
nahhh why would anyone do that or realize its been done before with great success.
@femalep blocked me. LOL
The government loses tens of billions annually on the Post Office (despite: ecommerce). You want to reward this incompetence by giving them more money to manage? Including deposits from private citizens?
Please research the pension plan as to why they are hemorrhaging money.
There’s always an excuse, and crazy pension schemes are a common one in government. They hamstring school budgets too. Good leadership delivers results, not excuses.
A 4 Step plan:
1. Get a cupboard with cans of food,
2. Filtered Water
3. Pictures of you.
4. Do not come out until this is all over.
Bernie is the man! #BernieSanders #Bernie2020
Why are we saving it again?
You might wanna check the numbers... consumers are already choosing those alternatives over USPS.
Just let it die.
You're the one making the statement. Back it up! I don't believe for a second anyone is going to travel to a UPS, FedEx, or DHL location, pay $10 to mail a letter they could stick a stamp on and put in their mail box at home. And again, who delivers those packages to your door?
If there’s a demand for that service, someone will supply it... presumably in a sustainable business model.
Had a republican congress not imposed a rule requiring the USPS to fully fund its retirement program for 75 years into the future, the postal service wouldn't be losing money. No other government entity has that requirement. It was intentional sabotage of the USPS to make it fail
Looked into it and your correct, but there seemed to be some solvency issues prior to that. Looks like republicans really just pulled the cord... and this probably was due to some lobbying from ups/fedex/dhl.
Either way I think the market will provide an alternative.
Your tax dollars do not fund the USPS. It's cost are paid by fees charged. Were it not for the pensions, they would break even or show a profit. They are not intended to show a profit. The free market is already there and they can't do it for less and provide the same service.
Make "The District Sleeps Alone Tonight" the national anthem?
Can he really achieve Such Great Heights?
If they don't Give Up
Nothing Better than trying.
If it were up to me we'd keep doing this all day, but We Will Become Silhouettes before we finish.
Interesting proposal that has some implementation that works in other nations. Certainly something to consider, but the mandate to fund 75 years of retired health benefits is the main reason the postal service is running in the red.
When there’s a post full of centrist and republicans trashing a bernie idea it’s probably because it would work. #bernie2020 #derp
Name a post office?
I can't believe Bernie Sanders is going to fix my five day late deliveries.
Too bad republicans (and probably@some democrats) will kill it in committee
@BernieSanders How about removing requirement that USPS fund its pensions ahead of time? That alone would make it profitable!! Then allow low income banking or credit union!
#JUSTTHEFACTS #BasicEconomics #BasicIncome
2014
This is such a crazy bad idea!!!
then you havent done any research. It may still go bad because america has a great track record of fucking everything up. But other countries do it and it works.
Goddamn, is that guy still talking?
Yeah, I know. I wish you'd shut up, too.
That's like saving the cole Industry....oh too soon.
yeah because the cole industry doesnt exist. But i believe you were thinking of the COAL industry and no one should save it. It cant save its self.
That's why I sad  "oh too soon" it's a dead industry.
Sanders... the unrelenting “man in the arena”
Any plans to fix Amtrak?
hmmm.... just wonderin how many here bashing Bernie's idea ever heard of "Payday loans" or even read the piece in the 1st place.
Lol!!!!!  Let me guess....  it involves none of his own money......  LOL!!!!
I swear I don't know what I will do if Bernie screws up the next election. HE CAN'T WIN.  I'm sure he's a great guy but, WAKE UP. Another four years of Trump because you're stuck in a Bernie fantasy?
And, what will you do if he's the Democratic nominee?
If they are that f'ing stupid, I may take up my husband's offer to live elsewhere
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. Not so "vote blue no matter who" as you claim. If I can hold my nose and vote for a woman so power-hungry that she'd sell her daughter into sex slavery if that's what it took to get it, you can hold yours, too
I am an Independent. I have never towed a party line in my life.
So am I, but I recognized the disaster that dump would be and I did my part to try and stop it.
I see what you are saying now. Of course I would vote for him if they put him up! I think he's a good guy. But, there's no way he can win and it would be the stupidest move on the part of Dems.He's not viable. I am annoyed at people still pushing him when that seems so clear
I supported him in the primary, but I didn't write him in for the general election. It was too important.
He would probably outdo dump, but not necessarily Bob Corker or Nikki Haley, if the GOP runs one of them.
While I like his ideals, it's more than we can get ATM
Does he plan to run the post office?? I won’t be voting for him again ever. #nogeriatrics2020
Also a plan to dissolve capitalism and destroy the national economy... hmmm cost benefit analysis says eff the postal service
Death to capitalism
Not even worth it...but what the hell yell upstairs to your mom! Dinner should’ve been ready hours ago
No, I cook dinner for my older  professional wife as her trophy husband.
@SenSanders couldnt save himself from a crisis with the DNC, how the fuck can he save anything else. #BigGovSucks #SocialismSucks
the only idea @BernieSanders ever had was someone else's
Does it involve not forcing it to prefund 75 years of employee benefits like no other employer ever?
When I lived in Italy my bank account was with the postal service. It was a simple and basically free service. Fantastic.
Great. Let’s do it.
"Some people get too much mail, while others get none. We need to redistribute the stamps to those who can't afford them, send more postcards to people who don't have access, and make it easier for fans to send me letters to one of my 3 mansions." -Bernie(probably)
It doesn’t need saved it needs its services expanded.
#hepeat Why do men intentionally steal women’s ideas? It looks like Bernie agrees with what Elizabeth Warren said …in 2014. Do better @vicenews
Nice to see he's gone from naming post offices to "saving" the postal service. 
This is a great idea, actually. It'll help keep thousands of jobs and it'll help lower income households.
Bernie Sanders has a good plan to really Make America Great Again (by getting rid of Trump for example) - vote @SenSanders for President on November 03, 2020.
What Bernie knows about business you could put on the head of a pin. Bedtime Grandpa. #Termlimits
well, he has renamed a few post offices so i guess this is the one thing he is knowledgeable about
Let me blindly guess: something something socialism?
Trump's lawsuits all to be served by post?
The number of people commenting without even watching the video is staggering
Awwwww...once again @BernieSanders has hijacked someone else's plan (usually a women's) and slapped his name on it.  All hail the great Bernie.
#Bernie2020
#FEELTHEBURN
Has anyone ever finished a transaction at a post office and left feeling that they were treated with respect?
Yes, pretty much always.  When/how have they disrespected you?
It’s rare I use them because I hate having packages destroyed but here is a recent example of why they hemorrhage money and lose customers.
Seriously @USPS ... I am returning something. I place it in the exact package it was sent it. I place the return label on. I can’t return it that way because they sent it in a priority mail envelope and the return label is first class... I wish you could go out of business....
He's gonna move?
Yay
The PO could save itself by charging First Class rates on junk mail.
Let me guess  Free stamps and overnight deliveries?
Hahahahahahahah
why?
Who did Bernie Sanders STEAL the plan from this time??
Wait to you see his plan to save print media.
http://Stamps.com 
Why?
LETTERS WILL BE FREE! MAILING LETTERS WILL BE FREE! EVERYTHING WILL BE FREE! DERP! DERP! DERP! I WILL INVENT MAGIC MONEY THAT FALLS FROM THE SKY TO PAY FOR IT ALL!!! DERP! DERP! DERP!!!!
BECAUSE IT’S WRECKABLE, ALRIGHT?!?!?!
How about we solve the current problems with the USPS First. No solutions for that let’s just try something new and by the way the private sector has this covered. No one is forced to use these businesses.
Fix it first. I just moved and the people who lived here in 2016 have the same last name and had their mail forwarded, so I can't get my mail. To date extremely important mail from USCIS and my checks have been returned to sender and yes I've written and called  everyone.
Where's the twenty one trillion missing from the federal budget?
Here's a fool proof plan to save the postal service. STOP DELIVERING RESIDENTIAL MAIL SIX DAYS A WEEK! At least half those days all I get is junk circulars. I pay all may bills on line. Three day deliver is fine.
So you want to take a failing postal service and turn into a failing bank? Are you out of your failing mind? Just let the stupid thing die already so we can use the tax money elsewhere or, better yet, stop taking it from taxpayers altogether.
Throw more of other people's money at it?
Funny how it’s ok for the govt to make billions a yr off banking low income people but if a private bank does its criminal according to Bernie!!! What a douche!
Please no. We need the government out of our lives, not getting further and further into it.
Oh goody. The guy who was such a failure he couldn’t earn a dime in the private sector before he became a government leech is going to save the post office. I can’t wait to hear this.
Dude... what... why??
Umm,  just because you have an idea Bernard does not always make it a good idea
“...access... to someplace where they can be treated with respect”.

Evidently Sanders hasn’t visited a post office in decades.
Bernie Sanders has a plan to save the postal service
https://bit.ly/2HxUW3y  
How about they fund the IHS first? It’s a disgrace how poor the health services are for Native Americans.
Usps did a package intercept for me then lost it at their own post office. $200 pair of shoes.
He couldn't even save his own campaign ...
lol
Simple the Post Office ran in the red before you guys voted to make them pay for their own healthcare and retirement benefits instead of taking it out of the general fund like the rest of the government institutions...vote to overturn that and watch what happens

Why can't low income people use a bank now?  I was very low income early in my 20's but I still had a checking account.  Making the post office a bank will not change anyone's financial status
The USPS is a bloated government institution that has lost touch with fundamental business practices.  They need to change or go the way of the Dodo.
More bureaucrats and higher taxes
Take money from other people
Lol
The problem is that because of regulations, bureaucracy and govt. employment costs there is no way the USPS can compete with a private bank.
OMFG yea great idea just make them a bank they do such a good job at delivering the mail. this old dude needs to go retire in some communist county where he can live out the rest of his life. i hear venezuela is nice this time of year the garbage.
He will make people stop paying bills electronically and stop them using e-mail?
His wife had a plan for Burlington college too
There’s a reason interest rates are high in this segment - they don’t pay or pay late at much higher percentages.  You risk putting significantly more debt.  Good intentions but not realistic.
Yuck
This dilwad doesn't have a workable plan for shit. When your worldview is free shit for millions paid for by a tiny minority, you officially don't know shit about economics.
Just let the post office fucking die already.
calls it the Burlington solution
No, no he doesn't.
lolololololololololol
Bernie: "Has anybody heard of a company called Amazon"
Pony Express?
My god.  Every day he looks more like Woody Allen.
Focus on part 2 of Man and Women
Bernie is the man
I feel its a good idea, but with the republicans in charge I feel they will change all the laws & make it bad for everyone but the top 1%
When all the twitter comments are about people arguing who came up with it first... 

Does it really matter?
Bernie saving the postal service... probably involves either weed sells and deliveries or making wealthy people pay more for a stamp than poor people.  Both are dumb.
I loved the band, too bad they only had one album. Please Bernie #SuchGreatHeights #GiveUp
Bring in Venezuelans to drive. They are desperate for food.
I would second that would work also I think USPS would be more effective in a Freight Brokerage model. Millions of warehousing opportunities, thousands of local trucks and the ability to bid the costs to owner operators thus reducing costs and increasing profits!
Nationalise it?
There ia a bit of a false narrative here. The postal service is pretty sound as it is. Adding basic banking functions would improve it not save it. Left alone it wouldn’t need saving. But Its another target to destroy and privatize.
Eliminate wasteful/inefficient email and digital messaging
STOP TRASHING HILLARY!!!!!!!! Lol
*sarcasm alert* BUT HE'S NOT A DEMOCRAT!!!!!
Well we know Bernie would not propose closing post offices or ending Saturday delivery
Roflllllll the same people saying Coal industry needs to die, it’s the past, it’s dead......are trying to revive the postal industry. LMAO
https://youtu.be/sC5c7jmmgyQ 

In HOLLYWOOD with Jane Fonda, Norman Lear, Ed Begely jr,  Ted Danza and many more. Exposing Big Oil.
great idea make it a pay day lender! https://www.cbsnews.com/news/americans-are-dying-with-an-average-of-62k-of-debt/ … just like Japans postal bank in bankruptcy lets get the government involved. more debt slavery
Then brace yourself — $10 stamps are on their way!!!
It's almost time for our Country to be UTOPIAN People! )))) I can get us there! "Danny" Burleigh for U.S. SENATE NV (Dem) "We Need A Creative Genius." #WNACG
PLEASE RETIRE BERNIE.
Right lets look at that
Burnie the Loser has no plans.
He needs to retire and pick up a hobby.
Bernie has a plan to cure cancer, end drought in parts of the world and make unicorns a reality.

Funny how all his plans are coming to him when he's nearing 80 years old.
I almost sure his plan is the cliché saying of "Robbing Peter, to pay Paul". He is all about playing the shell game of moving and diverting funds around.
Privatize it: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Letter_Mail_Company …
Keep fighting for us Bernie
That's a great picture; it looks like he is confused about where he is. Also, I trust that Old White Dude about as far as I can through any of them. But you boys keep pushing this has been that never was.
How about just stop the govt. from raiding it.
No fan of Bernie's, but if he succeeds in getting these services made part of USPS, I'll gladly applaud him -- he'd be helping both the Post Office and people who are stuck getting their checks cashed at cheating places.
Yet another Bernie Sanders post office renaming bill?
@vaarsupial
Essentially giving politicians a bank, what could possibly go wrong? 
Would that mean that our federal government would be doing the actual banking? Not a great idea
He’s not looking well. Not well at all. Perhaps the constant campaign trail is better left to the young-er types.
Let me guess, he's going to ask the Koch brothers to write a check for the losses each year?
*Sigh*

The Post Office doesn't need to be saved. It's in red every year because of healthcare and pension costs. Fuck this dude.
there is nothing wrong with the postal system
No,actually HE doesn’t. Stop with the clickbait and give CREDIT where CREDIT is due.
He’s not wrong about that.
Fund it. There, what an idea.
Single payer or economic equality?
Of course he does 
Move all of them to Vermont and put them to work for ben and Jerry
Easy, rob more rich people.
So Bernie has no problem with a Govt Entity making Revenue off the hard work of Low Income Individuals that need banking services? Ouch, Next he will speak about higher taxes and everyone paying their fair share.
Like all his other plans this plan fails to consider the formidable opposition to saving the Postal Service. Bernie’s law: find an issue exploit the issue.
How about having it not be privately owned anymore.
Lol
I’m sure he has. Bernie seems like a bright guy. 
Yeah, like his election, lmao.
Let's go
Bernies going to deliver the mail free. What a guy.
jesus the replies in here are cancerous
Hire postal workers that give a damn?  So it doesn’t take 4 days to mail a birthday card 1 mike from where I live?  If it doesn’t get lost.
They are about to steal the USPS pension fund! #idiocracy
Okay, that's actually a great idea.

@BernieSanders no saving it internet ruined em blame Al Gore
Is the answer to nothing? Or possibly repeal the future pension funding mandate? Cause the postal service is doing just fine, only killing that asinine law would benefit the USPS.
Impeach Trump?
How do I get the feeling that, if he gets his way, my taxes will go up?
Don’t forget about the buggy whip industry!
I don't even have to click.  It involves his answer to everything = more taxes!
Don't. It bleeds millions every year.
Why?
I agree with you Bernie privatize.
Private enterprise being faster and more efficient than the government? Soooooo weird....
USPS is a big problem in the USA. We have a lot of other private companies that do a equal to or better job then the USPS. But what about all the jobs that will be lost? They can work for the competition as the competition will need help with all the new accounts. Simple
"White people do the know what's it like to be poor" this guy is a joke him and his 5 houses #Bernieiswhatahypocritelookslike
Free stamps?
Why doesn't he take up knitting or something? 
He is proposing training pigeons for delivery, brilliant.
I think every school student and college attendee and those suffering contagious disease should receive priority over seniors that's what happened,  the lottery failed too,!! There's so much I'd fraud I was told i couldn't prove I ever worked after becoming handicapped .
I received a 40.00 dollar income and lost the DPA account and Monroe independent Presidency!!
Hey Bernie, Elizabeth Warren called. She wants her ideas back.
"ahhhh where's my puddin cup"
