Great, please tape it and send it to me!  I neef sonething to light a fire with!
FYI, we live in a constitutional republic to promote and offer liberty and individual freedom. We are not a “democracy”.
Speaking of morality; how is your fraud case going. Will you wife be jailed?
Nope

A Resource Based Economy/Natural Law Economy is a heck of a lot more moral than capitalism and it needs to be included in your discussion.
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/s/ref=nb_sb_ss_i_0_7?k=new+human+rights+movement&sprefix=new+hum&crid=16IGFUSDLC639 …
Tell me exactly what you have in your life that is not a result of the free market, but on this “resource based economy/natural law economy bullshit?  Does the Constitution give authority to any branch to institution this tyranny and despotism you promote...?
The market economy itself is tyranny as its promotion of the profit motive above all else has resulted in multinational corporations buying the political system. Its disregard for life makes many of its functions extraordinarily destructive. Capitalism has brought *some*......
All Bernie supporters follow me!!
Done!
Morality in economics occurs when coercion isn’t present. Senators and other governors are the chief perpetrators of coercion in any and every economy. Get out of our lives, tyrant.
Man, you hit the nail on the head.
Thanks, man.
>And if anyone would like to donate I'll be hanging out next to the valet stand preaching about stuff only #Libtards believe. 
>They park it up front
>I fcking love this thing
>I have three houses too!
>#NoRefunds
>
That fake dude. Been debunked.
A Moral Economy. - i.e.  "Socialism."
yeah basically
"Join Rev. William Barber II and me . . ."
Better grammar. Better look.
An. Economic. Philosophy. Cannot. Have. Morals. Dummy.
morals. are. derived. from. material. conditions. and. material. conditions. can. be. derived. from. economics. dummy.
Bernie/Barber 2020!
Please repent, Bernie, of promoting illegal drug use, specifically pot. It's immoral, and you're promoting the sedation of America's youth.
We saw this already. When Rome legalized/made common all human perversions or excesses, they became drunk in it, and it fell. Thanks Liberalism, its ur curse
Actually is was an "immoral economy" driven by GREED that made it fall. Military over extension to obtain resources to pay for military over extension
Lol, funny. Enjoy ur theory.
Yeah, historic FACTS are funny like that
So funny
What planet are you on?
I'm your huckle bearer
Everyone has jobs-multiple jobs that pay BELOW the cost of living.
63% of the country makes less than $30k a year, 50% of Americans can't afford a $500 emergency 
but we got bomb money!
No-it's OUR fault for allowing them to keep the minimum wage so low for so long.
And what would you know about a moral economy? What would any socialist know about morality? What a joke.
A socialist can’t and won’t answer your question. They justify themselves by demonizing and declaring guilt on individuals and institutions to give credibility to their tyranny and lust for control of the whole society.
What a disgrace for North Carolina
Moral economy? Translation:  "I'm a victim! GIMME, GIMME, GIMMIE!"
Loving those taxpayer's handouts to multibillion $ corporations are you? + .60 of every $ goes to the military industrial complex aka the war on terror which has bled US dry. US is going 3rd World & the gutted middle class wave their little flags vehemently defending the 1% smh
Pleas list these “handouts” you speak of.  I’m sure you can quote the specific legislation and/or tax law to validate your statement.

20 years from now will you still be posting memes we all forgot and don't care about?

A moral economy is the only way to move forward!Thanks to Bernie and the Reverend whose campaign I already follow and support.
Please define this “moral economy”.  Who sets it up? What are The parameters?  How will you know it is a success?
I'm not sure what  "moral economy" means, but I'll bet it involves a whole lot of socialism.
Damn right.
Berrie Sanders, YOUR VISION OF SOCIALISM HAS STARVED THE POPULATION OF VENEZUELA! ANIMALS HAVE BEEN STOLEN FROM ZOO'S TO FEED CHILDREN BECAUSE OF YOUR SOCIALISM! Venezuela is like it is because of their version of "BERNIE SANDERS"!
Sure, just ignore all social democracies and only bring up Venezuela.
What pathetic dtivel.
You’re so right.  Scum like Bernie Sanders have been around for centuries telling the people who and what is just and morale, all while demonizing other people and promoting government confiscation of private property and independently earned wealth.
You have absolutely zero things in common with MLK.
The only real and obvious collusion is where Hillary and the DNC colluded to eliminate Bernie as a viable candidate. Colluder Wasserman Schultz had to step down. Was this a criminal act? IT WAS COLLUSION WITH A CAPITAL C. THIS HAS NEVER BEEN SEEN BEFORE IN POLITICS! YET, DEMS....
Lost cause Bernie
Climate change is not devastating this planet.  Please stop buying into the AGW BS.
The only moral economy, IMHO, is a Resource Based Economy.  Every other kind is either a facade that pretends to be moral or honestly evil.
Moral economy?? as long as you have more than the other guy right Bernie self made millionaire politician #fraud

Bernie, THERE SHOULD BE A NEW MOTTO ADDED TO THE AMERICAN DOLLAR BILL! THESE THREE WORD'S SHOULD BE ADDED- LIBERTY, DIVERSITY AND TOLERANCE!
It has never been a moral economy.
Not since the European Invasion and the genocide of the Native American people which was basically economic
moral economy????
Yes as in the genocide of the Native American people which was economic and the enslavement of millions of Africans as well
It's great today that there' nothing you can't do because of the color of your skin.
"Moral economy"?!  You are so out of touch, you come up with your own language.
Dear Senator Sanders, This excellent new book may interest you:
How about you lead the reform of the US Congress? 80% of the American people want a Constitutional Amendment for Congressional term limits. You & the other 534 members oppose term limits. You are all on the wrong side of history. Return the Government of the people to the people.
I applaud your sincerity but 'moral economy' isn't it a contradiction please look beyond the constraints of capitalism simple?
please stay the hell away from religion bernie
Thank you for everything you and Rev. Barber said tonight; I caught the last 45 live, extending bedtime for the kiddos to hear, as well.  I'm glad for them and for myself that we got to hear what a real president sounds like.

I listened to the whole thing a minute ago; rock ON!
An old man talks about the past because he has no future. A young man talks about the future because he has no past. I am 50 and I mostly talk about a Utopian America!/The Future!
And an intelligent person with a vision knows/understands the past and creates a vision for a better future
This.
How did you get that $600,000 vacation home after stepping down to Hillary, Bernie?
Morals have nothing to do with the economy. Ethics, yes.
Chuck shumner
I think Bernie it is so pathetic that the only thing you  have accomplished is that you are the longest serving senator.
Sanders has only been in the Senate since 2007, dingus. Quite a few not named Sanders who have record longevity. 
Hint: there’s a reason he’s called the junior Senator from VT.
Bernie and Barber in 2020! Has a nice ring to it!
Economies are not human. They aren't sentient. Hence they can't be "moral".
So grateful to see you joining the good Rev. Barber. This is a day I have been looking forward to since I envisioned it over 2 years ago, when I saw they were reviving the Poor People's Campaign/ @UniteThePoor ..... this is where activism counts!
will ending capitalism be part of the discussion ?
no.
Nope , too busy watching paint dry
I want in on that
ha ha.. Harriet Tumbman followed the "snitches get stitches" philosophy
that makes her even cooler in my mind now
"You going to be free one way or another."
I have better things to do but thanks Bernie.
Tell me Bernie why don't you speak out against the racism and militarism of Israel? The other country that you claim to be a citizen of. Or is it because you are a member of the "master race" who are exempt from the "morality" you want on impose on the goyim?

Work hard and earn in the country of unlimited opportunity and enterprise? The most moral economy there is
Why do you not work on having a moral government where the laws they make apply to themselves or hey do not owns multiple houses and bash “rich” people for votes.
cherokee charlie: "tidy bowl is the only blue wave I want to see Neoliberals ride."
BARS OF GOLD, JETS,  LIMOUSINES AND ELABORATE VACATIONS  FOR THE RICH AND POWERFUL  
CUTS TO SS, MEDICARE/ MEDICAID AND HEARSES FOR THE POOR, SICK AND POWERLESS.
"Rs" ARE SO, VERY, SELFISH, GREEDY AND HEARTLESS
WE WANT, FOR ALL, THE SAME MEDICAL COVERAGE THAT CONGESS HAS! NOW
We don't care about MLK Bernie. He is of the past, and not significant for the Nation's majority white voters.
Really why don’t u move to Syria
Morally you should find funding for blue water navy veterans earned agent orange benefits
This should be more important than your last town hall
#10 is Bernie Sander's Agenda:
excellent start
Nahh I’m good.
This is [Martin L. King's] opinion of people like Bernie Sanders!
You do realize that Dr. King's dear friend, Harry Belafonte endorsed @SenSanders-right?
All politicians want to just get people in a up roar. Stop following them.
Why in God’s name would I waste my time on you and the “reverend” Barbour.
And after Dr. King & others stood up for racial equality & Blacks became astronomers, physicians, scientists, engineers, educators... you & @BarackObama came along to revive racial tensions, encourage lawlessness & blame whitey
Love you, Bernie!  #Bernie2020
Bernie, you reek of communism
That's what they said about the great Dr. King..
And you reek of ignorance
Should be our President. And will be in 2020.

Except MLKJR was a homophobe who wanted to segregate the gays... Plus what is ethical of demanding your right to the world? Is the world crafted for you and your needs or do we craft them for ourselves. And then the ECP but economics isn't your strong suit...
Not a chance
You surrendered all moral high ground when you decided to ignore Russian meddling in the election. You gave us Trump
You're kidding...right. Bernie took his honeymoon in St. Petersburg Russia, from there he flew to Cuba and met with Castro, he is a communist/socialist and worst thing that could have happened to a free country
Bernie and Jane visited Yaroslavl, Burlington's sister city, during Glasnost.  Not St. Petersburg.  Look up Glasnost and Perestroika reforms. Things were thawing with Russia and they were being much more open, and such overtures were not abnormal. Reagan went to Russia too.
He was aware of Russian meddling in election.  He ignored it.  He is the reason trump is president
@DNC 
SANDERS : IRRATIONAL : UNSTABLE : UNAMERICAN
Words to live by
Thank you, Bernie
US have institutionalised poverty and racism, as a two party plutocracy without PR. Time for a multi party system US, like Scandinavia, US, and a real democracy like Scandinavia.
No talk will change this, unless change of the political system of the usa. Only hope. As of the 3 party plutocracy without PR, UK...Plutocracies got to go.

Nah.
No kidding. Who wants to hear about racism, poverty, and militarism, am I right?
Starbucks, right?
@realDonaldTrump challenged Martin Luther King!
