Let me get this straight. Cutting corporation taxes from 35% to 21% for companies IN THIS COUNTRY causes outsourcing? Is it a requirement to be a complete economic moron  to be a democrat?
Democratic voters might be morons, but Republican voters (& Drumpf supporters, in particular) make 'em look like financial wizards.
 https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/economy/news/2017/12/19/444363/final-tax-bill-bigger-win-foreign-investors-entire-working-middle-class-trump-states/ … 
#TaxCutsForTheRich #MAGA #TaxScam
Drumpf? Another illiterate who can't spell Trump apparently. Democrats look like financial wizards? I'll admit the tax bill sucks. But corporate tax rate cuts was a smart move. As far as tax cuts for the rich, you have no clue what you're even talking about. Cont....1/2
When "America was great" we had a 91% top #MarginalTaxRate. If your math skills are anything like your reading comprehension, let me help: that a 70% DROP!

Guess who gets stuck w/the bill (or decimated infrastructure), moron?
We don't have an "tax problem" like you don't have a "basic functional intelligence" problem.
 https://www.infrastructurereportcard.org/  

#Taxes #TrumpTaxScam #Infrastructure
Let me rephrase. If we went back to the Reagan era tax plan or even a flat or fair tax, then we wouldn't have a tax problem. This tax bill doesnt nearly go far enough. And yes we do have a major spending problem.
Recently read that the CBO projects there will be 156.8 million jobs by end of 2027 (2.6 million more jobs than it projected in June 2017 Budget and Economic Outlook). If the tax bill is incentivizing outsourcing jobs, let's get more of whatever is causing the increase.
By the end of 2027 there will be fewer than 125 million jobs. Average hours work per week will be below thirty. Labor force participation will be below 55%. Corporate taxes will be returned to 35% with much fewer loopholes and deductions, making the effective rate much higher.
Your numbers sound scary. Id like reasonable predictions. The CBO, with all experience and analysts, just announced their projections were wrong. Who are the experts you're using for these numbers and is their record any better than the CBO?
My numbers are highly optimistic, I suggest you start by reading everything by @cccalum . Reason would dictate that based on the accelerating pace of technology, traditional methods of prediction will increasingly fail. http://unctad.org/en/PublicationsLibrary/presspb2016d6_en.pdf …
Hello gents. I offer no specific forecasts about unemployment rates at future dates. I don’t think we can know how fast cognitive automation will create technological unemployment, or even be sure it will. But it seems very likely and we must prepare.
Yes, my predictions are mine based on the underlying potentialities of many sources. I think that there is no better place to start the conversation than by understanding your work. Few are aware of the implications of the Centaurs section in your essay “Our Jobless Future”.
Thanks Chris.  I do of course agree with you there!  
Keith, Wednesday is National hug a democrat Day!
Yeah. I’m a widow on SSD. I will lose my rental property and my own house when all the write-offs stop. Trump needs to be in a cell with Big Bubba. He is destroying the country and everyone who isn’t wealthy. 
He won't be in a cell, Pence will likely pardon him (Nixon, Part 2).  What will end him:  civil court...he'll be financially ruined by the time those courts are done with him.  Think of it this way:  OJ killed people, & it took civil judgments & unrelated charges to nail him.
The NY attorneys are lined up waiting... It’s gonna be good!! 
How can anyone take a word you say seriously ? Please step down MN needs people who care about all of us . You try to insight and divide .
Ellison amd Pelosi will REPEAL the tax cuts for us working people. They are campaigning on it.
Must be easy being a politician. You get to say whatever you want and live in an imaginary world where everything is made up to suit your reality.


right... so what exactly does the Clinton foundation do again?
Impeachment in the United States is an enumerated power of the legislature that allows formal charges to be brought against a civil officer of government for crimes alleged to have been committed. (want my vote?) #ImpeachTrumpNow
Impeachment process is reserved 4 high crimes and misdemeanors. It requires a super majority. Impeachment does not remove POTUS from office, that requires a  legislative vote 2 have POTUS convicted of crimes. Overturning Obama's EOs r not high crimes or misdemeanors.
Correct; Nothing illegal about repealing a law; just more discontent for those wanting impeachment

Reasons for impeachment can be Perjury, War time actions w/o congressional approval, or accepting funds from foreign leaders

ALL are reasons to act on that discontent and impeach
Look to me like Obama and Clinton really dodged some bullets then, eh?
when you are going to lie at least make is so you you don't get caught... didn't @HillaryClinton teach you anything?
The tax bill gives that much benefit to the top 1% because they’re already paying 50% of the countries taxes.
Sorry but if I make $50k/yr and a corp makes $50 bil/yr and we both get a  tax cut My tax cut means more as I now don't have to scrimp or have as much competition for a job They are hiring more of us, getting ppl off welfare by staying in or moving to the US!
I’ll just leave this here
Didn't your mother teach you not to tell lies?
They pay the most taxes , those making under 24,000 pay no taxes , what was it under Obama ? It was 11,000 and you paid taxes ,child credit increased . Rich people can't deduct state taxes .
You’re full of shit dude. You’re so afraid people in poverty will get a chance to better themselves. And when that happens, they will say “Screw the Democratic Party!”
What planet do you live on???
Look jerk. The top 1% pays more taxes, so when there is a cut, of course more goes back to them. Did you ever take a math class?  You can’t give money “back” to people who didn’t pay in. Stop the demagoguery.
That is why more people are going back to work, and in my town it's doing very well now. Stop lying.
No, that can’t be! 
@POTUS and the @GOP would never wish to see corporations make money hand over fist nor would they consider offshore workforces! 

Oh, wait a minute what the hell is this?
When you're a lying nut job!!   Please can you vote your sources!!  
I've read that many companies are expanding here, not outsourcing. The Dems should stop with their Communist BS! They have been outed as Communists and we know what you're up to.
Voting for republicans going to make you die early???? Really??? Man have you done ? You are not a good representation of the black people...what a disgrace
Why are blacks even running as Democrats as they are KKK and the Crows Law & Keith Ellison talking as though he knows anything.  These kind eyes always light up when they see money & think they have power & want others of their kind to keep slave mentality...He Mocks MLK Jr.
You all are nuts & you think we are so uneducated our family got $2000 tax refund tax break for our small business you tell me if middle class is being scammed why are Lib Governors running around trying to help the super wealthy get tax breaks! #CrumbsNOT this is Pelosi’s House
Liar.
Another liberal #FakeNews story with NO EVIDENCE.  Give us some evidence of this 83% from a REAL SOURCE or just admit you're a filthy liar.
Keith E. the most morally corrupt politician on earth.
Ya tax us more please! The government knows how to spend our money better than we do!
Dont forget Keith Ellison is a Farrakhan follower.
What good is it if you gain the whole world and lose your soul in the process!
Liar
Keith your a dam joke, the tax cuts have put more money in all working Americans pay checks, companies are expanding, hiring, giving bonuses, giving raises, You Democrats would repeal the tax cuts and raise taxes to pay for illegal immigrants, go to he-ll
Class warfare! Stop dividing America! You pander to the “victimhood” mentality!!!
Now Keith? In May 16, Bernie call Hillary EVIL bc of solid plans to keep CFPA, Dodd-Frank Regulation, fix CU w SCOTUS & raise taxes on the Top 10pct of wealthy Republicans, Democratics & Indepentdents to fund Public Ed, Health Care & other social programs.
You’re either uneducated on economics or you are intentionally misleading in your public statements. Which is it?
Actually, he is correct. I read that part of tax bill before & after vote. Independently came to same conclusion. Huge tax incentives for off-shoring. From memory, involves preferential treatment of $ earned & spent outside country as opposed to inside + expiration periods.
I listed all of the things Muslim people had brought to our world that I could find. Some thirty pages in very small print. I could go on, but this shows that I need you and you need me . I am incredibly proud of the choice and faith I had in you. Allah Maak
How you people like to lie. Spread false facts. Misrepresent  the truth.
Hey chucky @SenSchumer your antisemite buddy loving Farrakhan Keith  did not wish Israel anything for #YomHaatsmaout @realDonaldTrump the rats  democRATS did nothing for Israel #CNNisFakeNews @jewsfortrump @GOP @DNC
Oh and @BernieSanders wouldn’t want want to antagonize antisemites in his den of rats democRATS
Tell me why 95% of Americans have positive benefits (via http://speaker.gov )
How does that work? We lowered that tax and look, companies are coming back. TAXING them sends them to LOWER TAXED countries. Are you really this stupid?
Ummm jobs are going up not down
Just SHUT UP FOOL!
I’m so sick of living on the horrendous timeline; I was born 100s of years too early. Human enlightenment WILL come, humans WILL stop killing each other, stealing and destroying each others territories over currency - one day everyone will be equal~ ALL treated as they should be
and you will be controlled by a one world government where they dictate what you say and do. Yes, thats the equality right there..... Not happening cuck
I read about this yesterday, its crazy
That's the trickle down theory for you. It had some top heavy holes in it, didn't it?
So the other countries people should be poor and had the beg America for assistance...
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/keithellison/status/986340877823102976 … (Ranked 37th for Apr 17.)

Dude run for senator
Maternal Deaths in place like Texas are due to women over 40. Women of that age group are often considered higher risk pregnancies, and more women are having babies at that age than in the past.. IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH NOT VOTING DEMOCRAT YOU DUMBASS.
What better way to promote investment in business, ultimately more tax revenues and more tax payer? The dems are all for class seperation, history tells us this. Well that at lining pockets. I.e. Clintons net worth now vs. 90s.
It does not incentivizes corporations to outsource jobs. Not everything on the internet is true. It enables corporations to hire from local campuses. I'm HR.
Dear Rep. Ellison, I tried to sign a petition earlier today urging Congress to repeal this tax Bill, but it was an "unsafe link". So, Here is my virtual signature urging you to do  just that. In it. BTW, POTUS profited via the arms & bombing Syria w/Russia,  Is that  collusion?
My paycheck went up!
So did my taxes, and by a much greater amount than on my paychecks.
We should done with being surprised at what President #45 does for Corporate America!! He is doing nothing new, this is who he is!! We have to write and call our House of Representatives and Senate, letting them know their seat is on the line!!
You have any idea how many people work in corporate America? Seems like they might have some more opportunities to invest in America again, which was previously unaffordable, thanks to your lord and savior.
Listen to MR. ELLISON. HE IS TELLING YOU THE TRUTH. STAND AGAINST THE TAX SCAM.
LOL. So democraps want to raise taxes. Is that your pitch?
what tax break did the dems give to the people in the last 8 years
In what planet is raising taxes a vote winner??  i guess if the vast majority if democrat voters don't actually work then this is probably good message for your base. How ever for those who don't live in laalaa land raising taxes ain't gonna get you a lot of new friends
Truth is Obama and Dems lowered taxes for the middle class. The disagreement is with the much larger tax break given to the wealthy by Republicans.
By wealthy you mean anyone working right? Which kinda cuts out pretty much all you liberals 
We just have to wait
Ok Farrakhan wannabe. Women are dying everywhere all over Texas because of Dem failed elections? Guess you won’t be slamming Chicago and Baltimore for all the young men dying in those HUGE cities that have been run by Dems for decades. Oh no, that doesn’t fit your agenda.
Republican voters Trump supporters who hoped that the GOP would hurt Hillary voters more & more competent people with a few REPUBLICANS gave proved to YOU that you've sold your future down the drain again.
How the GOP tax bill gives the working poor like me more money for food, bills, etc! You are out of touch!
Who the hell do you think pays all the taxes? It's not the poor; the poor don't have any money; that's why they're poor! I have a better idea: Let's tax all the fat-cat politicians at 150%, starting with you. The coffers would be overflowing with all the graft you collect.
How about you calm down and think. Exaggerations and lies don't help.
Where is all the companies that supposed to  move back to America after this tax cut all the jobs it was going to create in America all this tax cut has done is produced one-time bonuses for some workers repubs ripped off the American taxpayers !!
Desperate much?
LOCK TRUMP UP!
Get a job

So plants are not moving back to U.S.??? This is not what the media is saying. We need to CORRECT THE RECORD!!!
Is it too late to have this bill amended later?

Wonderful. Thanks to Ryan and Trumpass!
Why don’t you 2 clowns do something productive and stop campaigning for a half second, I feel as if you are preaching isolationism, next thing you will be building a wall.. I get it if you can’t beat them join them;)
Can you produce the quantitative evidence which proves your basic premise about the tax cuts?

It's not a bill anymore. It's a (terrible) law. Seriously. It was in all the 'papers. #GOPTaxScam
Hey Rosalie! JUST WHAT percentage of the Tax Bill does the 1% pay at present? JUST ASKING SINCE YOU SEEM TO HAVE THE ANSWER. Are you counting the  $20,000 pay increase you voted for YOURSELF?
Dude u r completely wrong have u ever prepared a tax return provided tax planning etc. the majority of clients will be seeing significant savings in 2018 and they r not in the top 1%
"Dude", middle class will not be seeing "significant" tax savings. Deductions have also been lost.
J
Forget it Ellison, your not getting Schumer's gavel.
Dude your an irrelevant schmuck!
You're brain is under developed when it comes to economical reasoning & info!  Terrible rep.  you are!  God help the people you represent!
Read a book!
What the hell are you talking about higher taxes?  where did you get the Marxist ignorance from...Pal the squirrels might be looking for you!
Which means for every $1 the bottom 99% gets. The top 1% gets $483
I need to research this.
Why? He just told you the facts
This is totally un acceptable taxation by the Republicans. They are totally for business and to heck with the American Public.
How much more are you paying them
So cute... Woo is me. Focus. Squint my eyes... Need glasses my damn self. Gave me bifocals with a side of migrane.. So age lack of teeth and swollen face muscles... Squint I do. Did you get the memo? She aint called. Follow thru.
You need to endorse @CynthiaNixon innher race for #N.Y. governor.  Our time is now - step up.
Dear Americans do you realy think a Billionair  like Trump Want to help the US People got more Money in there Pocket? Not realy, Same shit here.
I guess more taxes, bigger government, & more illegal aliens brings more jobs to America. That's the Democrats plan. When Ronald Reagan cut taxes for everyone & corporations 25 million job were created. I guess when that happens now it will be a bad thing. TRUMP WILL SUCCEED!
You are misinformed.  Get your facts straight.  I still have an ECON101 text that might help you.  It is so apparent you have a learning disability when it comes to economics
But Paul Ryan is so proud of it!
Funny how those 1% created more in country businesses & brought back the job market
The rich business need to shut their doors and move to the hills. Lay everyone off. Read atlas shrugged idiot
McKinsey institutes March paper shows that the nett amount of manufacturing jobs onshored onto the US in the last 6 months is the highest recorded in modern US history. Could be even more when taking into account non manufacturing jobs. Stop talking theories without evidence.
Not a theory, but a fact: 2017 was the WORST year of job creation in five years.
Source of your statistics?
Which makes no sense. How do corporations expect U.S citizens to buy stuff if they can't afford it?
Because they will have jobs/income to afford it. Reducing taxes puts more spending power in our pockets to support American businesses...putting more money back into Americans paychecks. Creating more jobs...#idiot
We know!!!
Rep Ellison is a Muslim trying his best to undermine our way of life. He forgot to say the American people see right through his communist Islamic bull crap. We the people are sick of BIG GOVERNMENT. The American people need to get rid of all libs and dems out of our government.
If you didn't lie you have nothing to say.
These taxes got me crossed up and people tryin' to sue me
Media is in my business and they actin' like they know me..!
But I'mma mash out, and peel out
I'm with it quick that's quick to whip that fuckin' steel out ..!
The “top 1%” includes people who hire you. How does taxing the people who hire us help? The more money the government takes from our employer, the less they will want to pay us. Simple math, Walmart gets a tax cut and raises their min wage. That’s how it’s supposed to work
That’s a tired line.  Only with progressive taxation is an employer incentivized to hire people and pay them a fair wage-in other words, put some of his profits back into economy rather than just in his pocket.  It worked before and made the US economy the strongest in the world.
That was before outsourcing was as easy it is now. High taxes and regulation force companies to move to countries with less of both. This country offers no incentive to do business here. Precisely why you see growth since Trump came into office and Obama is gone
First of all trade makes everyone better (to an extent), that's a basic economic fact. Second of all America requires employers to treat their workers like humans, they move to other countries so they don't have to.
Because they can’t afford to pay them what people think they are worth. A wage should be set by the amount of productivity that the employee provides to the employer no more, no less. Employment is an exchange, not a charity.
I entirely agree, are you familiar with economic graphs and more importantly their equilibrium points?
I do. Quite well.
Problem is they aren't being payed at the equilibrium point, since the 40s their worth has kept climbing while wages haven't, so they aren't operating at peak efficiency and there's a shortage. I agree that workers should be paid for what they're worth nothing more, nothing less.
#TimePhoneHack
I am not in the 1%, but I sure am enjoying my larger paycheck and more work. You are lying again. This is why Democrats will loose big in the midterms.
Be sure to thank your children and grand children and their grandchildren, because they are paying for your nice little bonus.
No they're not. My work is 1099 so I pay 100% of my taxes. More companies are building or upgrading and hire my services. Because of demand I can charge more and ask for more on the back end as a completion bonus. Because I'm in CA, 67% of my income went to taxes in 2017.
You don’t get it.  The reason I said your grandchildren will pay for the tax cut is because the tax cut will put the US into a higher deficit.  That means the debt will grow.  Think macro.  When we balance the budget magical things happen.  As a 1099 earner you should know that.
I think I do understand. I've been paying for my Father's and Grandfather's wars and infrastructure, etc. Just as you have. The thought of a federal balanced budget is a myth. I just came across this article that I began reading. https://www.justfacts.com/nationaldebt.asp …
Good article for background. We sort of balanced the budget in the 90s, using the ss surplus to prop up revenues.  The point though is that the closer you come to balancing the budget, more capital becomes available for the private sector. Which helps smaller buis. and star-ups.

@KamalaHarris tweet this https://twitter.com/tracymfinch/status/986208304031584257 …
Fundamentally incorrect re incentive to offshore activity.  It certainly incentivises to sell to non US customers but in no way does it incentivise offshoring!
https://thinkprogress.org/corporations-incentivized-offshore-jobs-tax-1cd19cc24ff3/amp/ …
Stop your LYING!!
Unconscionable
Hello, we need more little guys advocating for change. A lot of  low income people are not aware of  public policy.
I got a tax break, job market has been taking off here since.  If you were Pres, you would have done the complete opposite.
2017 job creation was the worst in five years. Stock market rose more under Obama. Do some independent research.
And poor white trash voted for him.
looks like we have a racist following @keithellison shocked I am
Any idea where jobs & paychecks come from?   The top 1% of (AGIs of $428,713 & up) earned 19% of AGI in 2013 but paid 37.8% of all federal inc taxes.  In 2013, the top 1% taxpayers paid in more income taxes than all of the bottom 90 percent combined.
That's because they made 90% more money than everyone else.
45% of US households pay no income taxes at all.  You probably think that is fair.
I'm sure they would if they made enough money to live on
More BS.  They gave tax cuts to everyone.  Over 164 companies gave bonuses or lower fees to millions citing Trump tax cuts.  My sister and her husband got an extra $3000 a year!  Lie much?
We have a 330 million citizens in the United States and you're gonna tell us about what 1 person got and say that everyone benefited?
How many benefited before? Plus next year you get double standard deduction and double child deduction. Quit listening to liberal lies and wake up.
@GOP @realDonaldTrum  Pruitt and other staffers  stealing on the JOB.. "pardons soon"   a bus load of criminals....
 In  this @whitehouse  CRIME  does PAY for them  !#taxscam
What lies you liberals tell. How do you even know what reality is?
Are you just ignoring that this has been going on for decades? This is not at all a result of the new tax plan!
Yes it has, but the tax plan made it worse.
Do you have some proof?
You people are leaches!!! 
Not to mention the damage to healthcare
Bahaha Obama care destroyed health care

Despite your genuine inability to comprehend basic concepts, its perfectly fine for Bernie sanders to own property. Not only do you have no idea what Dem socialism is, but you don't even know what old socialism was.

HEY STOP LYING.  Tax Cuts have been AWESOME.  YOU PAY MORE if you want, Ill keep my crumbs.
NEWSFLASH: you don’t have to take away the middle class crumbs in order to take back the billions given away to the richest 1%
it encourages companies to bring home capital dollars at a lower rate.  That infusion has created increased wages, bonuses and benefits across the work force.  More money in the pocket of taxpayers is good, despite what your progressive socialist butt thinks.
My company brought 20+ billion back,  not including the tax breaks. They had a big lay off, Put a freeze on new hiring and on travel, And hired some contractors at a quarter of what they're paying full time employees for the same work.  Evryone working more hours no xtr pay.
Let me guess, a strong union company?
No.
What is the name of the company?
It's none of your business. I'm not gonna put the name of my company my employer on line.
Then your employer didn't cut headcount, hire contractors and end all travel.  You're just a liar who can't stand that a huge portion of the population has received great benefit from this tax cut.  You're the one who damned them, no one else did.  Credibility = ZERO
OK sure why don't you use your real name and give us your employer? Just because I won't give you information does not make me a liar. The tax breaks sucked don't help the middle class, the majority go to the 1%.  Call me a liar but I tell the truth.
