Does that mean amnesty for the black men and women who fill our prisons on minor drug charges?
I would think it would mean amnesty for all men and women.
All lives matter, am I right?

Black people are disproportionately targeted and affected by drug laws in this country, and are incarcerated at a far higher rate.
Bringing awareness to the struggles our black population faces doesn't diminish any other population. It's an attempt to level the playing field.
And do you know what the term "disproportionate" means?
Why do you think so many Blacks are incarcerated?
Implicit bias and systemic racism in our criminal justice system.

I bet you've got a different idea.
Marijuana is a harmful substance.  There's a reason it's illegal, and to be frank, the current criminal penalties are too light.  Shame on you for supporting an ILLEGAL SUBSTANCE.
It being illegal doesn't mean it's as burtally harmful as you think it is, it is much less harmful than alcohol or tobacco.
You would hab1e to smoke 15,000 blunts a minute for an hour to OD on marijuana. Not to mention the endless range of medicinal purposes of it.
Low-key imagining smoking 15k blunts at the same time. What a high to die to :')
I have never smoked marijuana and don't plan on ever doing so, but from what I have seen and heard it would be insane.
Chuck Schumer already said this.
On 4/20.
Bernie ran on this in 2016 and had been part of his platform for years lol
It’s not a competition. Every Dem/progressive/liberal/leftist should say it and run on it.
Every conservative should run on it. It corresponds better to a view of limited government that doesn’t get involved in someone’s life unless they directly infringe on another’s rights.
If conservatives really believed in limited government, they wouldn’t be so interested in my uterus.
Funny to see you here Sandi. I’m still wondering how trump is worse than bush...?
I really don’t understand why it matters so much to you that it be established that Trump is no worse than others. You’ve obviously decided that being “progressive” means all of them are equally terrible, even if you must elevate Trump to do this.
Trump is toxic to democratic norms. He is far more corrupt and self-deals more than any past president. He divides us with blatant racism and tribalism. To me, he is the worst ever. 

I despised Bush, but he was better than Trump.
Legalize hemp and put our farmers back to work
Save the trees
how do we prevent the 1% from coming in and making it HUGE business, crushing small cultivators and processors, the very people who have brought cannabis into the mainstream? @SenSanders
By purchasing your weed from small farmers maybe? I dunno... basic free market stuff rather than using the threat of violence so that you don't have to actually research the products you buy.
I find the timing of the marijuana law change interesting. Is this a national attitude adjustment. Do we need it now to pacify America due to Trump?  The republicans suddenly think it's a good idea. Is this a political social maneuver?
garden variety $$$; states want tax revenue neighboring state enjoy, much like the lottery in the 80's but those didn't have federal law to contend with. We didn't see the states that legalized inundated with crime, so it's time to get the fed out of states' way; e.g. ammdt 10.
He will do anything to pander for the youth vote
Or he's throwing a wrench into the gears of the prison industrial complex which profits off mass incarceration of young black men but your point is super super valid too, Sharon.
And by the way, my candidate isn't running in 2020. Bernie's thorny roses better stop acting like sarcastic shits. The shoe's on the other foot now.
I don’t smoke it, but I do believe it should be legalized. You’ve got my support. #LegalizeMarijuana
That's exactly how I feel.
May help us become more mellow.  Better to be less  angry and uptight and it’s natural.
Two people that religiously smoked weed broke down the door to my family’s house (where only I was living in at the time) in 2013 and shot a man outside they were trying to rob under the guise of selling him weed. They were angry, mean people...
I mean there are a few holes in that story but that's them, not everyone does that lady. I smoke weed almost on a weekly basis with different people and I've never seen people get angry once.
I concur, been smoking since I was twenty one, I'll be sixty eight in June still here, still functional, still have all my senses, and there's no stopping me now. Oh! And never get sick! I highly recommend it to for seniors, because it's better, and cheaper than legal drugs.
Where are the Democrats getting behind this? I don't want Bernie to be in the forefront, I want Dems to be!
Bernie needs to stay home! We need young, smart people! @joekennedy comes to mind.
I'm young, smart and progressive. I'm cut from the same cloth as Bernie. But reality says that isn't what you're after. But the actual reality of what I've lived through in WI under Walker gives nobody the right to say how I should run. My teachers were called thugs. My Father
was called a lazy public employee (He was a Veteran firefighter, a Union President and Parks Director having maintained a budget surplus for over 20 years & earning the state award of excellence". I have seen first hand the consequences of trying to be bipartisan with monsters.
I was going to vote for Bernie. When he lost I changed my vote to Hillary.

We've been presented with false choices. One party benefits whenever voter turnout is low. The GOP. So it's really GOP VS The Rest Of Us. If we split, they win. If we vote 3rd party, they win. Sad. True.
Very true, which is all the more reason we need to adopt Green Party positions, position from the Justice Party, The Moral Movement & Pirates. We must go decentralized left, not authoritarian statism. If we do that we'll win, I know it.
Jill Stein's with the Russians, sorry. She helped Trump win. 

We will likely not agree. Peace.
I don't care about conspiracy, I care about positions.

Marijuana is so much safer than alcohol. I’ve seen it help people be able to cope better who would otherwise be put in expensive meds with bad side-effects. In moderation and responsibly, pot is better than most anything to chill.
From what I’ve seen, most who smoke it first thru peer pressure, etc become mentally addicted to it and use it to self medicate and who’s to say marijuana use isn’t responsible for mental illnesses in the first place since you all claim it’s been used for so long..
It’s been used since the 1930’s in the states. It does not cause psychosis...likely the opposite. Yes, as any substance, can be abused. You will not see the situations you see with alcohol and other drug abuse or the organ failure they cause.
Although I don't smoke/ingest it, I think it is time.
I was VERY anti-drug, even scripts, you would’ve never been able to convince me to try weed... until a particularly bad migraine came along and I got desperate; smoked for the first time in my entire life at  almost 34. Best decision I ever made. Saved my life. #LegalizeIt
Certainly can't say that about alcohol.

It has a very compelling list of benefits.
You’re right. I’m not much of a drinker either. Both my parents were addicts (both died a long time ago) but I believe I’m predisposed to addiction, which is why I never tried drugs. Had some pain killers once that took me out for about 12 hours, I woke up and flushed the rest.
Exactly. Stop hating on a party that's LISTENING to you.
When and if we legalize marijuana, then we should AT THE SAME TIME pardon EVERYONE who is doing jail time for possession of marijuana. Released and pardoned.
So, you're cool with personal choice & free markets for pot but not for healthcare, labor, higher education, etc?
Because 1 person can't have multiple goals in mind.
You're saying he does believe in free choice and free markets on those things? You'd be mistaken...
I agree with legalizing medical marijuana, but recreational use is another story. It causes psychological problems, like psychosis, depression, hallucinations, etcetera. Maybe we can legalize it recreationally if we set the age limit at the time the brain fully matures.
BUT NOT FOR SMOKING IT AT ALL.  WE HAVE ENOUGH SECOND HAND SMOKE PROBLEMS AND MARIJUANA NOT ONLY SECOND HAND SMOKE PROBLEM BUT MAKING THOSE WHO DO NOT WISH TO BE HIGH ON IT.  ONLY FOR INGESTION BY MOUTH.
Then assign certain areas or businesses for people who do smoke marijuana, therefore there is now drug induced death or second hand smoke.
HELL NO.  ABSOLUTELY NO SMOKING AT ALL.  THERE SHOULD BE NO SMOKING OF ANY KIND IN ANY PUBLIC PLACES.  NONE.  WE ALREADY INHALE WAY TOO MUCH CIGARETTE SMOKE BECAUSE RUDE SMOKERS VIOLATE WHAT LAWS THERE ARE & BECAUSE AREAS NOT AIR TIGHT!
STOP TYPING IN ALL CAPS. Then make marijuana use allowed only on your property.
CRAZY IDEA!  ANY SMOKE ON YOUR PROPERTY WAFTS AT LEAST TWO TO FOUR DOORS DOWN & cater-corner.  NOT FAIR THAT INSURANCE SHOULD INSURE ANY SMOKERS INDOORS EITHER.
Aren't there machines that inhale the smoke? And no, it doesn't waft 2 to 4 doors down. That is a massive exaggeration.
WE KNOW ABOUT smelling OUTDOOR POT SMOKE FIRST HAND FROM CRIMINALS BEING 2 to 4 doors away IN PAST.  NO EXAGGERATION AT ALL, NO TELLING HOW FAR AWAY PEOPLE SMELLED IT!  @SENSANDERS @BERNIESANDERS @elijahmcgough
Totally agree
Smoking it, NO, especially in public. Weed is as bad as tobacco. Ingesting it, YES; e.g., in mid-18th century, hashish candy was sold in Indiana. OK, nobody else affected by it. In 21st century, it's OK if user is not too high to drive.
Weed is "better for you" than cigarettes, simply because cannabis just has no carcinogens, whily cigarettes have 400. If your talking of just chewing tobacco, I havent done enough research to see if it is on the same level as weed.
Not true. Marijuana has carcinogens and other irritants. It's as unhealthy to smoke as tobacco. This has been known for decades. Same for chewing tobacco; causes mouth, tongue & other cancers.
Its not 100% solidly proven that it causes cancer directly, at least through a Major study. As said by University of Washington, While marijuana smoke contains carcinogens, research about the association between marijuana smoking and cancer is limited and conflicting.
Sorry, the evidence is not conflicting. Wishful thinking will not make tobacco or pot smoking health problems go away.  As I said, I have no problem with your eating marijuana, just to smoking it. Nobody else should be forced to breathe your secondary tobacco or pot smoke.
I just linked the University of Washington, but the article is from 2013 it seems. Heres the link http://adai.uw.edu/marijuana/factsheets/respiratoryeffects.htm …
Pickachu-did you read the UW report? What did it say about the risks of inhaling pot compared to eating it? You want to take that risk? I assure you that many others who inhale your 2nd-hand pot smoke do not. They should not be put at risk for your pleasure. Listen up, Bernie.
Marijuana is a drug and shouldn’t be legalized
Alcohol is a drug and shouldn’t be legalized
Nicotine is a drug and shouldn’t be legalized
Caffeine is a drug and shouldn’t be legalized
Ibuprofen is a drug and shouldn’t be legalized
Epinephrine is a drug and shouldn’t be legalized
Cortisone is a drug and...
If alchohol is legal than so should cannabis
Legalize it all!

Let medical staff prescribe, monitor and intervene early for those who need help. 

80% less prisoners.
Less addiction.
Better treatment.
Less crime. 
Mote tax revenue locally.
No money for crime syndicates like CIA Afghan heroin.
Plus all the millions of jobs it would create.
Without a doubt! Too many lives have been lost to alcoholism. Many would have preferred a safer, more relaxed alternative.  Our govt imprisons citizens for the safer option, and advertises the addictive one for profits! Changes are long overdue..
Thank you Bernie!
U just got my support
Its just an excuse to put people of color in prison
The guy doing life without parole for possession was white so it happens to everybody
Of course it happens to all kinds of people, but it disproportionally happens to people of color.
Alright then we’re on the same page. I misinterpreted your first tweet
It should have never been illegal to start with. It is a naturally growing plant that has countless benifets for people suffering from varying illnesses.
Well Sanders you must smoke weed
Your logic is predictably faulty.
Frankly its time to go well beyond this we also need to just end the war on drugs completely.
#WarOnDrugs and #WarOnTerror
are both #NeverEndingWars, and the are never-ending #ByDesign.
#WarForProfit.
They're both designed to keep in place and underclass in America. The War on Drugs ruins lives and the War on Terror is designed to suck up money to help the poor rise up higher economically.

 thank you Bernie!
Bernie WE love you
Everyone who is called to jury duty can assist:  Refuse to convict on possession charges.
Ohhhhhhhh..there's nothing like smokin a joint, lighting  the candles, burning some nag champa and listening to The Moody Blues, ohhh yahhhh
I raised 3 college educated kids, got a nursing degree, volunteered in my community, worked 9_5 and smoked pot since the 70s..try doing that as a daily drinker of booze, and I still have my liver..yipppeeee
Republicans WRONG on every issue, legal weed, womens rights, immigration, tax policy, gun sanity, climate change, pollution, gay rights, voter access, min-wage, trade, public protecting regulations.. why the F are people still voting for these 1% owned bastards!???? #BlueWave
Legalize. Federally and state wide. It's prohibition. Period.
I agree, but Mr. Sanders has been a part of the problem for 38 years.  He needs to stand aside and make way for people with fresh ideas and open minds.
That’s a pretty damn fresh idea in American politics, which has turned into an extremely corrupt system run by the uber wealthy
If pot became legal in every state, just think of the tax revenue. Fewer in prisons would also cost less. What if you took all that money and applied it to programs like healh care, free education and universal basic income.  That would empower everyone to do great things.
Do we get to see Sanders kick Jeff Sessions into a pit of death?
Been tellin dems this since 2001.

Dems need to relegalize #marijuana before republicans do to try and rehab their image.

This isn’t that hard.
I've long said that it will be repubs who finally legalize it. The Dems will never do it because they'll be to busy worrying about what the repubs will say about them. As soon as they find a way to make money from it, it will be legalized. And John Boehner joins the pot industry!
Yep. Dems are just stupid when it comes to #marijuana.

It highlights how much they are afraid to do too much of the right thing too soon.
But the govment says that Marijuana sticks are schedule 1 and Meth is schedule 2. They can't be that wrong can they? https://www.dea.gov/druginfo/ds.shtml …
lol; I think the rationale at the time was that marijuana had no clinical utility, whereas meth did.
Yet here we are still today, no change and politicians still believing that it is the devil's lettuce and turns people into pedophiles and serial killers.
lol, 'devil's lettuce.' Politicians don't really give a F, I suspect. It was just not visible enough to take action before, but now it it. In it's origin, it was about scary brown people. Later, it was about scary young people. Now it's about $$$!

I’m open minded. But, there is currently no method to measure being weed impaired while driving. How do you suggest we address this? 
On-site salvia testing is a likely option. Police in EU use this on drivers, though I'm not sure how accurate it is.
This issue was covered on 60 Minutes last week.  What I gathered was that tolerance levels varied significantly between users so you can test to see if it’s in your system but the level of impairment could not be determined
#Marijuana: Me too: never had it, but everyone I know who had/have, report wonderful benefits. And an American friend completely cured her severe #insomnia with medical marijuana (which is legal in her state). | #Health #Bernie
Yep.
Also on the list of long overdue things: Resign from Dem Outreach Chair and join the coalition @4aPeoplesParty
@SenSanders may I broadcast your message on our TV Network @USWeedChannel?
We've recently expanded to 200mm U.S. screens, keep us in mind for any further Cannabis messages.
Thank you so much for your service and this wonderful stance on Cannabis legalization!
@ShaneDoull
i disagree.  its worse than the KKK.  Signed Jefferson Sessions
Free the Weed!!!!
This veteran 1970/76 USMC thanks you MR. B
I believed it was bad most of my life but now that I am sick I hear it could help me. Even if it is legal in my state it is hard to get for treatments.  My doc looked at me funny when I asked about it.  I just want to feel better.  I hate drugs in reality.
#Marijuana should be legal 
#MarijuanaJusticeAct
It’s about hemp and the plastic it could replace

Go Bernie! Tell 'em like it is!
PLEASE!!! If cigs and liquor can be legal, then there’s NO reason for pot not to be legal. I’ve never known ANYONE under the influence of pot to kill another person. Sit at s red light a bit too long, maybe, but that’s about it!
Go get em’ Bernie!
Feel the Bern 
Don’t forget about the federal employees! Remove marijuana from The Federal Drug Free Workplace Program!!
Never not with you, Bernie.
Why is tobacco legal and marijuana not?
Let's see I'm. 80 years old, 20 years in the Senate and I have done nothing, how can I get young people to like an old codger like me?

You tell them Mr. President! Those who have been punished by a #racist, #capitalist penal system should get #reparations for their wrongful convictions, just like #slaves should! #BLM #Resist
Did you fall through the stupid forest and hit every branch? Can you name one slave alive today? How about if the slave owner was black? You did know there were thousands of black slave owners right? The 1st slave owner in the 13 colonies was black. He had a white slave. History
I dare you to try to prove me wrong. You should #Resist public education for not teaching you history. Then you should learn why you are a puppet of Franfurt school critical theory doctrine. 
Socialist end goal is Marxism.
I can name 150,000,000 slaves alive today. They’re called Trump voters! Slaves that can’t #Resist anything! By the way, my preferred pronoun is Zoo, not you. #genderneutral
Nice reply Zoo (where you belong)
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
#Resistance
With at least one caveat: Testing similar to blood alcohol tests to keep the roads safe.
They’re working on it. The schedule 1 designation is actually a huge hindrance to research, so legalization will also help on this front.
Without testing in place legalization should not happen. Putting the cart before the horse would handicap law enforcement needed for user accountability
So, did you read the article or the part where I said the illegality stops research into testing? Or do you just not understand how that's a catch-22?
Completely understand. Not willing to accept “high” drivers without legal consequences in place. The incentive for legal use is having the test, even if this delays legalization.
You "completely understand" that delaying legalization means they cannot develop a (better) test, yet insist that legalization be delayed until said test is developed.
Mmk.

There *are* legal consequences in states like Colorado, btw. There's even a catchy slogan.
(But I only spend a full quarter of my life driving in Colorado. What would I know?)
Sorry, but I see test development as the price of admission. Drivers driving under the influence must be held accountable (ala DWI).
racism
It’s in schedule 1 so that offenders can be sentenced heavily for small amounts and to keep people who are already imprisoned in jail longer... and we know that the war on drugs disproportionately impacts people of color

I agree. Pot should be regulated like booze. Regulate it fairly & tax it fairly. I'm saying this because aside from it's medical benefits, using it reduces our motivation and impairs our ability to accomplish certain tasks. we have to be careful. I know, I'm burning a bowl now.
It could help with opioid addiction if big pharma didn’t lobby against it? Wake the hell up America...
Just come to Canada to smoke your weed, you will not be arrested lol
Can u please come over to the UK and do the same over here?????
.@berniesanders, I strongly believe you should legalize ONLY for medical use first and ONLY for ingesting by mouth as in cookies or brownies.  Then consider how research may help figure how to properly and safely see that no one smokes it in public places!!!
I am bothered, @berniesanders, that you have yet to speak up against smoking it in public places ! No one needs to inhale second hand pot which also has carcinogens as Dr. Williamson / @47thindiana has pointed out in a previous tweet.  During #civilwar n #INDIANA ate it n cookies
Your absurd Bernie. Smoking marijuana leads to stronger   more serious use of damaging drugs.
Damnit Bernie, I don't wanna vote for you. Don't make me do it.
Absolutely rediculous that everyone thinks marijuana is a cure all wonder drug that should be legalized while making it illegal for doctors to proscribe adaquate opiods for pain relief.  Why is marijuana, a psychadellic drug that makes you high, better than pain medine-rediculous
Bernie never stopped fighting for what's right

One of the only things I’ve ever agreed with you on. It helps so many people without the problems of opioids and treats so much more than just pain management. Takes money away from criminals and reduces burden on our courts/jails. Big pharma companies will block due to greed!!
The one thing I agree with Bernie Sanders on
The new “Bernie Kush” nice and mellow
@Cheyams
-BERNIE, DO U INHALE??
Love ya Bernie!
some people need to just need to back off. if i want to smoke a blunt i should be able to.
Alcohol does way more damage, plus nobody ods on pot.
Legalize and fund research for the little plant cannabis which provides so much pain relief.
Okay you can go away now. The Democratic Party already said that.
Stop climate engineering while you are at it Bernie
I’m sure it never stopped you, you crazy old man
note bene:  Decriminalize, not Legalize
Yes weed should be legal all over the world, "it's like cigarettes" people should have there right to smoke it or not. 
Recent MSNBC interview was disheartening. You are now on record Sir, stating that prohibition does not solve problems in regard to drug use. You failed to admit that FACT applies to opioids & other drugs too. I challenge you to a public debate about prescribed opioids Senator. 
HELLO? Is this thing on? Senator, @SenSanders, are you there? #ShareOurPain #chronicpain #OneVoice360 #chronicillness #realopioidcrisis #ourpain

I partially agree with this. While our justice system is completely broken and people get outrageous sentences for minor offenses, if you break the law, you should be punished. People want to live recklessly with no repercussions. We can’t support that behavior.
There should be bars/cafes for it...it gets a little weird in apartments and near kids/health condition people...
What if they legalized it and said no farm or retailer can owned by any conglomerate for X number of years. Stipulations that would allow small farmers and entrepreneurs to flourish. After all big drug companies write laws to protect their business. Yes they write laws.
As a Conservative, this is something I support
"Life without parole" for marijuana possession is insane and must change now. Thank you for speaking out again, Senator Sanders.
This looks so stupid when you compare it to what is happening in the world....they are killing each other in Nicaragua and Venezuela and this is what you stand for? shame...
We have to disagree with Bernie on marijuana.  We must make it harder on people who use marijuana and we need to stop people from growing it. Medical use is ok but recreational use is a hard no.  To argue about using marijuana is stupid, grade school kids smoking it is not a good
States should doing their own regulating or deregulating no more big fed
#TakomaWellnessCenter 
#BernieSanders 
A truly wise man and hopefully our next
#POTUS
#2020Vision
Trolling for pot head votes. Classy.
Feel the Bern! 2020
Bernie wants to get some of the juice!!!! He does not touch on the fact that today’s weed is not the same as what he may have been exposed to in the 60’s.. This newer version is much stronger and addictive which has a bigger chance of leading the user to stronger drugs!!
Not so absurd. It’s a mind altering substance that has ruined millions of lives.
Good man Bernie, you're some man for one man! 
So true Bernard so true.....
why is the amount of dollars that would be SAVED on incarcerations rarely ever mentioned? imagine if we released all the low-level marijuana possession inmates, the amount of tax payer dollars saved would be a stimulus in it's own right! (and then give teachers raises!)
Happy to hear this
I agree Bernie. It’s un- Constitutional to start with.
BERNIE2020
Gunning for that 18 to 30 demographic are we?
Also, it's easier to re-distribute wages as well as confiscate the means of production when you're dealing with a bunch of stoners.
Bernie, you don't go far enough.  It's time to allow any individual to use whatever drugs they choose.  Although that choice comes with personal responsibility, meaning that we allow people to destroy themselves who make those choices.  The Darwin effect culls the herd.
I’ll roll one up just to celebrate your tweet lol
A side effect to weed is erectile dysfunction
Yep, and the Feds know full well, the only ones benefitting from prohibition are the illegal dealers, same as alcohol in 1920's.
Marijuana is not good
,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,<<<,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Opps
I’d prefer less drugged out people in my society 
Since 64% of Americans believe cannabis should be legalized, legalize it! 

Why the decriminalization incrementalism? 

The half measure delay only helps corporatists create a cornered market.
@Ingridontrip69 I’m gonna send this to pops lol
Keep pandering, Bernie.  You've got the attention of all the despots.  But we know that you can stoop lower.
Bernie, you gonna put a lot of Judges, lawyers and "law enforcement" out of work  and bankrupt a few billionairs. The Alcohol and Pharma Lobbyists in Washnigton will fight you tooth and nail.

Our country was founded by Pot heads (modern term) because Aspirin wasn't invented/modified until 1899.  Marijuana was prescribed by our founding fathers' Doctor/Apothecary to alleviate all sorts of 'ails'. The prohibition started because someone wanted Mexicans 2 look bad & 4$$
Wtf i love Bernie now. 
Just kidding. I like weed, I fucking hate three house socialist Bernie. And I already live in a legal state lmao.
MEDICAL YES
RECREATION NO
How does somebody come to this dumb conclusion?
Absolutely! It amazes me that this country didn't learn anything from the fiasco of Prohibition.
Yet NTSB states appx 15-20% of DUIs are pot related.
uhhh yeah and the majority of the rest are with alcohol, which is perfectly legal, your point?
We will dumb it down for you a bit. If it already represents such a high % of total nationwide DUIs, then that number of total nationwide DUIs would surely increase if it was legal.
Jimmy Carter said the same thing . Hippies came out in droves and voted . turned out he Lied he just used it to help get Elected.
Democrats and Republicans, same Shiite different smell.
Imagine a socialist calling for less government . . . will wonders never cease.
First...Sanders isn't socialist by your terms...also, it's only less gvt when it suits your views? Same w a host of other issues. And btw...what happened to that national deficit talk from the past 8 yrs???...hypocrisy
First, Sanders describes himself as a socialist.  That is by his terms.
Less government is less government, regardless of who proposes it.
And, btw, I oppose overspending by any and all parties.
Go project your hypocrisy upon someone else.
Democratic Socialist..like FDR..huge difference.
No, there isn't.  The adjective before the socialist means nothing.
It means everything. Huge difference when it comes to how things are run. We already operate as a Democratic socialist country, except our money is going towards us, the people, less and less.
No, it means nothing.  A sentimental ploy to emotionally persuade the foolish that this time the socialist dictatorship will be different than every other time it has failed.  Socialism is an economic system, it does not matter what political term is attached.
Ok but a socialist system and a Democratic Socialist system is very different. If we want to attach titles, I'd say we are currently under a more "communist" leadership than ever before, with the use of words to tell ppl they are not. Perspective...it's all just titles.
It worked for Hear$t. His newspaper$ and his lumber mill$.
Says prohibition doesn't work, but advocates firearm confiscation.
In Ohio only the government has made Millions! Circumventing a vote? “Medically legislated in 2016”. Yet not available til Sept2018?WTFOhio?
While Colorado, Oregon, and California, are booming. Ohio is still trying to carve out their cut, and can’t even do it. Sued for corruption!
Two years ago Ohio legislature jumped in before a vote in Nov. 2016. They took millions,and are the only ones that have made anything still.
An American Veteran can get a felony for growing weed. Rich motherfucker comes along and pays these bureaucrats, now its OK? @John_Boehner_
You greedy bastardized just want  the $$$ from marijuana’s tax
Oh great.  Our Standard Bearer's main constituency is dope smokers.  Would you effing focus on campaign finance reform please!!!  A 2020 Sanders/Lessig campaign is a Grand Slam.  Get money out of politics first, then go fight for pot heads.
Criminalized becoming a democrat politician and the rest will take care of itself.
So THAT'S why you say the things you do, Bernie! FAR OUT, MAN!
I love you Bernie, but we should legalize ALL drugs!  Prohibition does not work!
How does one get and keep any job if you have to be tested at random? Do we ignore that and just let someone drive a bus, taxi or airplane? Maybe our first responders? Think about it.
Aight I agree w u there
#burnieshandersforpresident2020
The government did legalize pot lol. It's legal in the place where the federal government has jurisdiction on the streets. DC. Shows how out of touch bernie sanders is with anything lmfao. It's up to the states for legalization not the Federal government. Retarded ass nigga
BERNIE cares about Pot doesn't care about Sex traffickers pedophiles
I'm a believer in medical usage. Unbelievable its even approved in some States. Let's get this done Bernie....
That starts in congress.. That's what Sessions has tried to push you to do, but you, and the rest of the minions, seem too busy resisting or reenacting the McCarthy hearings.
Keep them stoned and stupid, that's no way to win an election, even though that's what they did in the sixties to end the "summer of love"
.@sensanders / @berniesanders , if we cannot trust YOU to look out on behalf of #employees &members of the public having to inhale dangerous #secondhandsmoke & #carcinogens, we are all in trouble.  NO to #pot legalization except for medical,none AT ALL but BY MOUTH (eating only).
What is the matter Bern ?- u not getting enough of it!?
Can i have one?
@MADDOnline Your ignorance regarding marijuana addiction and driving disgust me!
Who will pay for the costs of re-hab?
I find it interesting that all you leftist don’t like smoking tobacco (I don’t smoke), but it’s ok to smoke pot?? Smoke is smoke in the lungs....#TypicalHypocrasy
Why you have been smoking it for years. Oh If everyone was stoned they would wan free shit and vote for you.
...and just add to our country's drug problem!
...And release those currently jailed in federal prisons due to that prohibition, which was inherently racist from its inception.

I finished it for you.
Decriminalize...don't legalize it. It takes it out of the hands of the people and gives it to large corporations.
Yeah well just go and work in a community services agency for a month and you will see for your self what marijuana does, its like a cancer compound, some can be exposed for years with no ill affects others are on the highway to mental oblivion. Just what we need, more morons.
Decriminalization IS the only safe, non-political alternative to the present hideous federal prohibition.  Regs and taxes as seen in Cal will lead to the state establishing a market instead of the industry itself doing so.
Dear Mr. Sanders,
  DECRIMINALIZATION is what should be presented to the American public as an alternative to the present federal prohibition.  Legalization would only lead to more of the same onerous regulations necessary for a state to be able to Tax the cannabis plant.
It still needs supervision, on control for kids, schools, jobs, and government, etc. you need a concrete and solid.. bill
Best way to slow down pot use & illegal sales! MANDATORY fines! Paid directly to the Federal Drug Enforcement Agency; 
1 joint $100
2 joints $200
1 gram $500
2-10 grams $1000
10-30 grams $2000
Plus 30 grams $5000
1 Pound $10,000 plus community work
1-2 Kilo $50,000 plus jail!
Exactly
Tell that to the man who was high on marijuana that drove his SUV into my daughters car.  And of course the stoner did not have insurance. A good public beating should be in order.
Bernie do smoke or are you just vying for votes?
Uncle Bernie preaching
How about people just stop doing drugs? You know, they put all these anti-drug programs in place for a reason.
PLEASE! Schedule 1 = NO MEDICINAL VALUE
Bernie, you keep suggesting ways to destroy our country. Do you smoke marijuana? Do you care about the minds of Americans both young and old?
You have no problem making millions of law abiding citizens illegal by banning semi auto and bump stocks, which are LEGAL, yet you support millions pot smokers  by making POT legal, which is ILLEGAL. More lives ruined by pot/drugs than by guns. #maga with @realDonaldTrump
I don’t know how/why more people aren’t on this train
Non concordo sono sempre droghe.
You a smoker bernie
Didn't you get kicked out of your hippie commune for being lazy?  Was the laziness a result of marijuana smoking?
You are right about this!
Must be hard to get old and not aware about itself
It is way past time. SignSummer's bill today. Every one who cares. just do it.
We should drug test all politicians, and welfare recipients.  That would save this country billions overnight.
Yeah, i wouldn't mind it.
Criminal income goes down the drain and i get a good high
LEGALIZE ALL DRUGS!!!
Why is there so much talk but no action? I know there are states that have it legalized completely but still “illegal” on a federal level, why haven’t I seen a change?
Genesis 1:29

Then God said, “I give you every seed-bearing plant on the face of the whole earth and every tree that has fruit with seed in it. They will be yours for food.
It’s about time
Please don't fall for Bernie Sanders being on your side just because he promotes legalizing marijuana. There are many Republican's who want it legal as well it's just his ploy to gain your votes... 
his real motive he wants to make us slaves to the govt. e.g.. Communist agenda.
