No punishment for criminals.  Lets do it.
So you're saying that going to prison isn't enough punishment? Have you ever known someone that's gone to prison, and spoken to them about their experience?
People have to live with their actions.  Don't start a bleeding heart for felons its just stupid considering you would murder millions of unborn children and call them nothing.  Go cry over some dead whales kill bunch of babies and protect felons.
So the answer to the second question is no? You've never spoken to someone that has been in prison about it? Have you ever even spoken to a poc? I'm doubtful.
70-80% of them return to prison for committing another crime.  So we are fighting to let them vote.  When what we need to do is fight to get them more supervision considering the odds that they are going to commit another felony and return to prison.
A lot recidivism is due to parole violations. Most parole violations aren't because of a crime. People are put into prison everyday because private prisons need to fill beds. Our freedoms shouldn't be ruled by private corporations. I'm not saying that most people in prison...
...are innocent. But research shows that 5% - 6% are innocent. What if it was a loved one of yours that was part of that 5-6%? Just imagine for a minute that happening to someone you love. How would you feel about it?
If you know a liar when you see one, I'm curious to know what you think about Hillary. And you didn't deny being a troll. So, I guess you are?
A great many states allow you to petition for your rights back. So do you want to give them back gun ownership as well?
Why shouldnt they be allowed to vote? I thought we were supposed to rehabilitate them? What about the millions of black people who have convicted of a felony due to an ounce of weed?
Like I said, most states that do not allow felons to vote will allow you to petition for the return of your rights. That includes owning a gun.
They shouldnt have to petition for their right to vote. It should be a given that they can vote when they serve their time.
Burg, should they be given their right to own a gum as well? Stop avoiding the question
Owning guns and voting are two totally different things. A vote isnt a weapon. 

I'm 50/50 on letting them own guns.

I'd let them petition to get their gun rights back though.
I see... so you get to pick and choose what rights to restore after a person has served their time.... chilling
By that logic, felons shouldnt get to have driver's license or own a house either.
If someone has committed a legitimate crime(deserved it now) and served their time, why can they no longer vote?
Because Republicans block them.
Because they showed they couldn’t be trusted.
How?
IF YOU PAY TAXES,YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO VOTE
A felony conviction is a red flag. Restoring voting rights should not be automatic. Maybe we need some sort of judicial process to address on a case by case basis.
Yes. My step dad is a retired vet. After serving, went to jail for threating a 32 year old that was dating, and sleeping with his (at the time)15 year old step daughter (not me, ex wife's daughter) and now cannot vote for the country he put his live on the line for.
maybe they should've broke the law ! and they wouldn't of lost there  rights I do not feel sorry them . And I don't think they deserve there rights back and they must've committed bad crimes because that's the only way you can lose your right to vote
Am surprised that Republicans are disenfranchising so many people likely to vote for them.
没眼看
Why shouldnt felons have the right to vote?

That's one reason the War on Drugs was started. It was Nixon's goal to take away the voting rights of blacks and liberals.
What a stupid, historically ignorant thing to say. Within 1yr of the signing of the constitution states stopped allowing felons to vote. After the civil war southern DEMOCRATS started making misdemeanors that were most often committed by blacks felonies.
Yeah, and then Nixon started the War on Drugs which is like Jim Crow 2.0

We all know the parties gradually switched social platforms in the 50s and 60s.

Which party do the KKK and Neo Nazis support today?

Stop making this about party. Nixon was corrupt regardless of party.
Thank you, Sir. Though I have never been arrested, I have known those who have and have lost the right to vote. It is yet another way of segregation under our noses. I am very passionate about this and I am proud that you are too.
well of course you agree.   How dare we have a penalty for those that break the law. Why do we have jails at all. Lets just tell them to sit in a corner for 30 min.
@LoisDitt This is after they serve their time.
Can they have their guns back ?
Why do you consider guns and voting rights equal?    I suppose if it’s not a violent crime there shouldn’t be a problem with an allowance for a limited ownership of a gun.  It depends.
people need to have consequences for breaking the law.  Like Hillary should be in jail
And she plays the Hillary card!
I agree.  You need felons and non citizen illegal votes to become a Marxist nation
Honestly though. The felons I know couldnt even tell you who the vice president is.
bernie: the answer is simple: dont commit any felony if u want to keep ur voting rights. ty, but we dont need ur socialist ideas, ur 1 size fits all-socialism. we, the american ppl, want individual freedoms n liberties, free markets, less taxes, less govt, ingenuity, n excellence
"Jennifer" is a troll with 14 followers. Mute or block the trolls.
George Will has been turning around.  What has happened?
#45 has turned a lot of people around!
They’re also denied their right to bare arms. Should we restore those rights as well? Open the whole can of worms, Bernie..... 
They can't vote but they have to pay taxes.  Doesn't sound fair to me
@CharlesMunn1  Barrier Strategy - Electoral Economics Education Housing Health GOP expertise Energy Ist!
I know quite a few felons who have had their right to vote restored.
White repiglickins greatest fear is that of a black person voting.
My God, if you ever became president, I would move to California rob, steal and crap all over the streets, then demand my right to s a us citizen.  Some of you guys actually scare me with how dangerous your statements really are
Felony voter laws only serve one purpose - to limit the voting of Black Amers.Look at the arguments 4 orig felony laws from late 1880- early 1900s -to keep free Blk folks from power & today to keep BLKS from voting Dem. both = Blks unequal high arrest/convic 4 felony
Felons do not deserve to vote. They gave up that privilege by committing the crime.
So if you smoke weed you should not be able to vote?
Once you serve your time, your rights are restored. There is no mandate for permanent disenfranchisement.
Felons cant vote and for good reason.  Same reason they cannot own a firearm.  Child molester served his time does that mean he should be allowed to hang out at the local elementary school when he gets out?
Bernie you and your wife hideously trolled Hillary and we supporters of same - Do you plan to join Demos and give the USA a break from your Ego? George Will indeed
Gov. Scott is as big a con man as Trump. I live in Florida, I know.
Absolutely!
If they served their debt to society, then there should be no impediment to their right to vote...
And we shouldn't forget one woman in Texas was sentenced to years in prison for misunderstanding her status.
Totally agreed, it's mostly a way to disenfranchise black people.
The left will do ANYTHING for more democrat voters.
I don't agree with Bernie but he us right on this issue.Bernie backs Trumps Executive order making Sex trafficking syndicates pedophiles and PEDOVORES seizing their assets making this a threat to America!
States rights.
States have different laws on this, and it needs to be addressed on a federal level. It is an outrage.
Getting hard up fro votes so now you allow felons to vote to help secure a win for your side
Don’t do the felony, keep your right to vote. It’s part of the punishment process. Easy. Don’t do it!
Is everything an outrage to you ? Bank scamming is a felony .
Good to see Bernie promote @GreenPartyUS platform but interesting that he never gives them credit for what he's selling as "his" ideas
Agree. After sentence, and parole, life should begin anew.
They are afraid of the Puerto Rican vote
Why did states pass such laws in the first place? Wonder why?
cruel & unusual
You don't agree with George Will because you're a socialist....lol. even if everyone had a vote, you still wouldn't win cause the DNC would screw you...lol.  Thanks, Hillary!...lmao
Not to mention how many INNOCENT people who have lost so much....
"Five of the convicts were awaiting execution, and were saved last year when courts ruled they didn't belong in the prison in the first place."
Or the right to keep and bear arms.
I pretty much never agree with you, Bernie, but I'm with you on this. Once a felon has done their time, they should have all their rights fully restored.
Agreed! Everyone makes mistakes. Do they take away a convicted official’s right to vote too?
Lord George, what hit you?
Florida law that disenfranchises those voters who have payed their debt to society is backwards and stems from the Jim Crow era. Scott and Bondi are against giving these people back their rights only to preserve partisan advantage at the polls, nothing more.
Is there nothing that can't be blamed on skin color?.....lol. Just kidding, I know the answer.

If individuals who commit felonies are denied the right to vote, corporations convicted of felonies should be denied the right to make campaign contributions!
You know that would be the end of the Democratic Party don’t you?
And the Republican Party, so win-win!
It's like saying: You're not a part of this country anymore
Before I agree, what post are you response to?
Gotta disagree mate
Well let us Review you can go before the court and get that changed Bernie
Felon disenfranchisement laws  are especially an outrage given that the documented original intent of such law -was part of a , well  documented, overall plan to eliminate Black voters  http://users.cla.umn.edu/~uggen/Behrens_Uggen_Manza_ajs.pdf …
Are you saying all blacks are criminals?
If you want people to rehabilitate into society they need to be able to take part in that society.
It's called taxation without representation.
Rick Scott is a criminal look it up
Part of “War on Drugs.” Put Black Democrats in prison & keep them from voting forever. It’s impossible for Republicans to win elections unless they cheat. The rich man’s party, always was, always will be.
Soooo, you're saying that all black democrats are drug dealers?  I didn't realize there were so many racists on Bernie's feed.  Bernie, do you endorse these views?
Bernie is just advocating to save his wifes voting rights. Oh, how is that fraud case going? Hypocrite!!
So does that include their 2nd amendment rights?
I think in PA they can. At least they could about 10 years ago.
There is black lady in Texas who voted wile on probation and got sentenced to 5 yrs in prison, a white lady who voted twice for trump got a suspended sentence
democrats and socialist will try to get votes from any percieved berieved minority group they can, next it will be incels and cannibals
Absolutely!! Why do we continue to punish a person after they have served their time for their crimes???
It is an outrage because all the criminals would vote democrat, right? #MAGA
All US citizens have a right to vote. If you want to deny Americans with felony convictions the right to vote then revoke their citizenship!
Totally agree. God knows many have made mistakes in their lives. If they are free of any new charges I don't understand why you would deny them. Sometimes charges have alot to do with the ability to pay for fines, ultimately being charged for probation violation and full charges
Didn't we tell them they PAID their debt to society for their crime???!!!Get out and 'still criminals' no job no hope to really be accepted back into society. Still PENALized..rehabilitated or not...still in DEBT. Never to be paid
So, we should allow them to have fire arms as Well, yes?
People should be able to vote wile in jail.
Rick Scott has received thousands and thousands of Blood Money $$$$ from the terrorist organization NRA. Gov. Rick Scott is a  FRAUD & has failed to the Floridians. - Crooked Rick Scott (who was accused of FRAUD of millions to Medicare & Medicaid) he's in complicity w/ Trump.
Planned Parenthood is the terrorist group.  Talk about blood money.
Bet I can explain that one. Local and State elected officials did not want an overwhelming response from the people they sent to prison. Especially given people of color dominate.
We're gonna vote and fix this with an amendment, we're done with these clowns in FLA! Scott has no chance, plus he's a criminal so there's that.....how someone with largest fine against him in history won is the first place??? Lots of kids and PR's gonna help us!
I think it is wrong that many are denied the 2nd Amendment because of a felony conviction
Ban the box
If they served there sentence they should have the right to vote like everyone else.
They should be able to vote while they serve there sentence.
Can we fix those having the right but being denied first?...THEN go after those who don't have the right. 1st things 1st, what good is a vote if the system is rigged to one side or another? This 2 party system is broken like humpty dumpty and you of all people know it...
Agreed
Great stuff! As a Floridian, I feel strongly that progress on this issue should not impeded by partisanship
It shouldn’t be constitutional to strip someone of their rights as a citizen once they have completed the punishment for their crime - period.
Why is it always "once they have completed the punishment" I don't understand why people should ever have there voting right taken away.
That’s a valid point that I would have to think about more. I don’t think it’s unreasonable.
So we want to let law breakers make laws they wont follow? Makes liberal sense. Haha
Of course you want felons to be able to vote, 7 out of 10 of them would vote democrat.
Felons make great decisions bernie...swamp gramps
I don't agree most felons are criminals obviously but they also get out of prison can't find work and end up on the system which you morons control so obviously it's just more vote for Democrats and that's why you would love to have felons get the right to vote
Uncle Bernie  you rarely agree with anyone and George Will  has taken a turn to the left because of his hatred of President Trump
Part of their sentence
Don't worry Bernie maybe you'll be convicted in a state that allows felons to vote after paying their dues on the yard. You grumpy old #Socialist #Traitor. The @TheDemocrats will not escape unscathed while @GOP commits suicide over #2016Election #RussianRoulette.
Uncle Bernie when I went to school if you were convicted of a felony and spent more than one year in jail you lost your right to vote .
If anyone one like to be like Bernie, Just be open minded and view things from other people's perspective, especially when they are right about something.
You're hilarious!  Good one.....lol
I agree. Felons have already paid for their crime and it is a lifelong sentence to revoke their voting rights.
It helps @GOP  win elections.
Exactly how does this help the GOP?  Are you of the same racist mindset that all criminals are black?  Or the racist mindset that all blacks are democrat?  There's something wrong with "you people"......lol
Totally agree.
Felondisen-franchisement provisions  are especially an outrage given that the documented original intent of such law -was part of a , well documented, overall  plan to eliminate Black voters  http://users.cla.umn.edu/~uggen/Behrens_Uggen_Manza_ajs.pdf …
Yes and can we start saying that even while in jail people should be able to vote.
And I have been denied to feel safe and having a felony committed against me.  So once again the bad guy is more important than the law abiding, tax paying citizen.
If you can’t import voters, let those that forfeited their right to vote, by criminal acts vote. I assume you are ok with giving them back their 2nd amendment right also.
Does that same sentiment apply to the right to own firearms, @SenSanders ? The “debt to society” has been paid in either case, right?
tell me again how voting is comparable to owning a gun???? 
I believe that the right to vote is sacred and a privilege. They should have to earn back the right. Not be able to vote while incarcerated
Obviously they cannot vote while incarcerated. They have earned back the right by serving their sentence.
Voting rights shouldn’t be taken away ever. Even when they’re in prison they should be able to vote by absentee ballot. Other countries don’t take away voting rights for prisoners.
What?   You lose your liberties when you commit crimes.  You are out of your mind
Everything is an outrage.
The country would be a better place if you agreed with George more often.
Let millions of felons rape your family and see how you feel then
So you want felons, illegals, and 16 year old tide pod eaters to all vote. Are the dems that desperate?
Hey Bernie!  ITS THE LAW!!!!!!!
wth do you think senators do? they make and change legislation (laws!)
So illegals and law breakers. Wow Bernie you’re scraping the bottom of the barrel. But hey, have to appease your voter base somehow.
Sadly the American legal, judicial, & court systems are run by & influenced by   opinionated human beings, resulting in many good citizens losing several of their constitutional rights, due to felony convictions. States being greatly influenced by federal funding of such.
Denied a vote by real criminals
Felons who have murdered or raped women or children that have pleaded to a lesser felony should be allowed, once they are released or pardoned be allowed full privileges, including the right to vote?  As a youngster, I knew the consequences of my actions, as do every American!
This proves it.... you are crazy!
You're probably thinking they are all dumbocrats and you can get a few million more votes. Makes sense to me.
Yes, because we need to trust people who have proven to have great judgement with such an important task as voting for our nation’s leader.
https://bluntforcetruth.com/news/exclusive-california-teacher-wins-teacher-of-the-year-after-five-year-old-transitions-in-class/ …     This is what you stand for jerk
As a staunch conservative, I agree 100% with @SenSanders on this issue. Once someone has served their time, their right to vote should be restored.
bullshit
Go away #TraitorBernie
Shut up. Bernie is way less of what you describe as compared to all the Traitors of the Republican party!
Way less ha he sold out to the #deepstate and the corruption and #hrc I fought hard for Bernie . Don’t tell me he’s not a traitor.
My friend got a felony for taking a credit card  and spending $50. He was a minor, charged as adult. Texas ruined his life. Unemployable, paid thousands in fines.
Don’t steal people’s shit.  I taught my kids right from wrong.  Couldn’t be a felony for $50.   Something you don’t know happened
You are unaware that Texas charges credit card theft as a felony. Not all states do. In addition to learning this fact today, I hope you learn some manners.
There's no govt inter per se, but GOP interest in keeping POC off voter rolls. Hmm, wonder why?!!!
So you’re saying people that rape children Should have the right to vote
Non violent offenders only
Good Lord, please retire Bernie..your socialism way of thinking would destroy our country
Bernie do You seriously believe a convicted murderer wouldn't lie on his voter registration form ?
Are you saying that so Jane can vote after she’s convicted?
It wasn't until recently that I knew that being a felon didn't permanently remove your right to vote, at least in Kansas. They don't exactly try to keep you informed when you go through the system.
Oh, you mean like @DineshDSouza, who got convicted of a felony just because he unknowingly crossed the line in campaign contributions? 
Another GOP voter suppression tactic.
Exactly! When you pay your debt to society your punishment should be over!
This policy is a hold over of slavery
Bernie why bec you think they will vote for you? They are criminals ans most likely they will be used by corrupt politicians.  Why don't you just leave and go to a country tgat does not have laws si you will govern it. You are promoting corruption. No shame.
This system of oppression is is repulsive. Local territorial pissing contests are so prevalent coast to coast. County Board members are manipulating Police State regimes amounting to horrific overblown wars on tourism. Fraud, waste, and abuse are abundantly prolific. #gridlocked
Bull. You are more of a republican than most of the party officials. You helped elect the monster in the WH, and you had the support of the Russians. You are a lazy prick who has accomplished very little except helping the NRA
Especially while we have multiple conservative congressional candidates who are excon's

Practice what you preach...
Please explain?
One of those ex-con candidates is @RealMGrimm
Bernie, most people refer to them as “felons”, you call them “your base”
Because it’s a right u lose because of your actions
Senator why dont you put forward a Bill that limits Legislative Terms, makes lobbying bribery and illegal for Citizens NOT to vote?
bc none of it would be passed & he wouldn’t get re-elected
Sir,
I'm a 2 tour Iraq War Combat Veteran.I need you to know that I guarded  polling booths in Iraq, so Iraqis can vote. I saw Americans die and get wounded. So Iraqis can vote. But in my home state of Florida we have Americans that can't vote. I'm ashamed of my state leaders.
Omg FINALLY you're on the right path
Senator he is not that conservative obviously. No you shouldn’t be allowed to vote while in jail or probation either. Part of being a responsible citizen. Since they have proven that they can’t make choices shouldn’t be allowed to vote
Don't we have laws regulating this aspect of our democratic system? Who has the right to vote, who loses this right on the base of personal misconduct, what crimes make you lose the right to vote?
Don’t commit crime if you don’t want to suffer the punishment.
What is the rationale for taking away a felons voting rights? Did they become stupid because of the crime committed or is it another way of disenfranchising minorities?
Yeah but it's better than the last regime that wanted to "LYNCH" them.
So you want them to vote for Democrats go on and say it, while you’re at it let them own a gun too #LiberalLogic #Libtard

It's to keep blacks from voting, plain and simple. Arrest them for the simplest things, prosecute them harder than whites, and then they can't vote.
You are absolutely right we need those votes
Just another way to suppress black votes.  We don’t have Jim Crow (at least not yet, but give Beauregard Sessions time) so that is one of many voter suppression tricks up their sleeves.
Color was not mentioned but keep going with that.  Always the race card.  Ridiculous. It’s getting so old. Be a law abiding citizen and you won’t ha e a problem.
Felons contempt for peaceful & civil society precludes further participation in its governance
The article stated that the plan is NOT for felons guilty of murder or any sexual assault.
You are a criminal of the Law.. You lost those rights by breaking the law.. Stop beong so damn lenient on criminals..
There’s always the strategy of not committing a felony in the first place
If most felons were Republicans Sanders would be agonist felons voting
Giving people even more reasons to be apathetic and seperate from the community isn't good policy. It isolates people and is a societal ill.
Thousands of Floridians signs a petition to give minor convicted prisoners back their vote back but it was cast aside.
Agree.  I'm worried it makes law enforcement a political weapon.  Vladimir Putin has had his political opponents convicted of crimes to prevent them from running against him. I'm afraid the same can happen here based on our current laws.

http://www.ncsl.org/research/elections-and-campaigns/felon-voting-rights.aspx …
Felon Voting Rights by State 
#ItShouldaBeenBernie ...#riggedelections ..#KeepsakesPlus
I'd go with Ranked Choice instead of Open Primaries, but yes :)
It is outrageous that convicted felons can vote. I’m sure there many republican voters among them. In the meantime, they’re draining the system.
Then you should have stayed a law abiding citizen if it meant so much to you.
#That’s a simple response. Felons serve their sentences & should be allowed to vote when they’ve paid their dues. Have you ever been to court to witness how justice system works. It’s an eye opener. If U r an uneducated person, Jail is where you’re headed! Not a fair system!!
Look at laws per state, I posted . Its not a perfect system, I agree. Yes, I have been a victim. While the criminal got off.
I’m sorry to about your personal experience. It can be hard to shake & leaves an indelible mark on your psyche. You’re a survivor!! I’ll review ur post on rules for felon voting in states.
First time we agree every one should have to right to vote.
You got your head on backwards.  How can you make excuses for criminals and refuse to punish them.  Then on the other hand make a ton of regulations on everything the American people do?  Well if you aren't going to punish criminals then why make any regulations?
(Many of the same liberals who argue for the destigmatization of former felons turn around and imply that conservatives who are friends or do business with "known felons" are guilty of 'something'  by association.  That hypocisy needs to end as well.)
That's part of the punishment for committing a felony. It's like being outraged that they go to jail...
Felons have no rights after they  ruin so many good people’s lives.  And you could care less! Sane people don’t vote for people like you. Since you hate this country and Americans, why don’t you move to Russia or China where you can be happy!
Frankly, most us True Dems don't often give a shit about with whom you agree.  #Irrelevant
Most criminals would vote Democrat.  Honestly, I'm torn about this.  If they've paid their debt, then perhaps they should vote?
Felons have an ongoing debt to society. They know what they will forfeit if they do the crime!
He knows if they get the right to vote he won’t win his senate race...
Let's get one thing straight, George Will is as much conservative you are .
The more they are isolated and unable to obtain full rights as citizens, the more likely they return to crime
Oh I bet you do @SenSanders cause you know damn well they will not be voting RED
Why would they vote against their own interests? Despite serving one's time, they should be disenfranchised as well. Makes sense... They should be clamoring to vote red...
The fact is that many of the my white, well-off friends who are now retired doctors, lawyers, professors, etc., would have had felony convictions for drug possession if they had been poor or non-white.
I always say, "but they want you to pay taxes."
A great reason for righties to keep prisons for profit stuffed full 
Lol
Why not.There gonna be Democrats looking for more .We all know that.
"Michael" is an 8 follower troll. Mute or block the trolls.
Y in the hell should they be able to
That’s because felony convictions have become so common, it’s becoming the norm.....something states like Cali have regretfully accepted.  Looks like Bernie is a typical politician/vote monger willing to lower American standards to get votes.
You won't get Slavery again, but there's something about all of these white guys and the laws they are implementing that wreaks of Jim Crow desegregation times! Same people have been running the country since it's inception, who do we blame?
If anyone (of whatever color) is looking 4 a cause 2get involved with, voter disenfranchisement is an important one. We have to fight 4our rights, 4our fellow citizens' rights.
Tho some hold a grudge against him, Bernie is still out there advocating 4us. But he can't do it alone.

This conservative poll is so insane it’s pretty amazing...I’ll let you decide for yourself https://twitter.com/usworkers4trump/status/983389966121209856?s=21 …
