BREAKING: President Trump's pick to lead the VA, Dr. Ronny Jackson, withdraws his nomination. 

"While I will forever be grateful for the trust and…
Our job is to strengthen the VA in order to provide high-quality care to our veterans, not dismantle it.
Trump continues to appoint people [men] who will dismantle every sensible office and agency.  Anything that was accomplished in the Obama years falls victim to his unrestrained jealousy.
Bravo! Thanks for hitting that orange, jealous nail on the head! 
Name one person that he has picked had any experience to do the job? Never mind, I'll answer that, NOBODY
What Do You Do With The Vets Who Already Seek Help Outsude The VA Because Of Overflow And Bad Conditions In The VA ?? .. Mr. #Democrat ?? I Don’t Expect That You’ll Answer This Question.
Jackson is a good man he servered under bush and obama and now the democrats discredit him . i hope jackson continues to stand up to all democrats and liberals and i hope for his success
I Believe You Sir .. I Did My Own Research .. ..

They aren’t running, Launter.  Why aren’t you mad at the DNC for cheating Bernie in 2016?   #debbieWassermanSchultz #donnaBrazile
I live in 2018.

Your attempts to stoke division are lame and best left to Trump's professionals in Saint Petersburg.
Not stroking division,but speaking truth.  Washerman-Schultz was fired from DNC for her role in cheating.  Brazile admitted to giving Hillary debate questions. Both, cheating Bernie who had a better shot at winning than HRC
I’m no socialist, but I liked bernie.  I went to see him in May of 2016. I got pretty close to him.  Lots of pot smoke at that party! I don’t know why Hillary was given a pass by his supporters.
Can't believe the VA still needs fixing.  You been asleep for the past 10 years?

7 Times Barack Obama Promised To Reform The VA https://www.buzzfeed.com/andrewkaczynski/7-times-barack-obama-promised-to-reform-the-va?utm_term=.puE56A7a6 … via @BuzzFeedAndrew
Hey Bernie have you ran out of the Clinton’s payoff yet. You know that one you took to look the other way when she cheated you out of the nomination. Shame on you..guess that’s #Socialism at it’s finest.
But he won't. He has no regard for the jobs required quilifications. None whatsoever. He'll pick someone whose paid him for it, just like the rest. #boughoff #soldoff Next. #impeachtrump #remove all the rest. #ricoact
Please.... do go on
That’s what you had in Ronny Jackson but because rumors were started, everybody attacked him. Liberal obstruction is what you have here. Strange how he was just fine to serve previous presidents but because he’s Trumps pick all of a sudden there’s something wrong with him?
@MSNBC You’ll vote against any nominee he sends up. Amirite?
Bernie have you voted for a single Trump nominee?
Stop hoping and run for president. What happened to you this past election, I had to vote for Jill Stein and there is nothing wrong with that but I wanted to vote for you. Trump always does the opposite of what is right. There is no hope when he is in office, just destruction.
Me to!!!!!!
We don’t want the VA if it’s service continues to be shit.  Much rather go to my normal doctor than the overpaid assholes at the VA! We need the government out of protecting our troops since they put them in those positions to begin with.  It’s like the wolf in charge of the
The privatization of the VA would be the best thing to ever happen to the organization. Ask any Vet
So.... he ruined a reputable person's career to hire an improbable.... Just give the guy his job back.... it will be the most un-asshat thing he's done yet.
where in blazes have YOU been?
It's President Trump, Sanders
It's not like Trump has quality picks for anything
Privatizing would be the only way to help us Veterans.
Senator:  The VA Medical System built for a different time is another example of HUGE government failure.  Privatization is the only way to provide Vets quality care by giving them a Vetacare Card like Medicare Advantage.  All about choices and freedom. JM

 
@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul @ChuckGrassley @TGowdySC @SenateMajLdr @ChuckGrassley @SenateDems @SenateGOP @SenatorIsakson @JerryMoran @SenDeanHeller THESE ARE OUR VETERANS-they deserve the BEST! Let's have CONGRESS put under the VA HEALTHCARE SYSTEM -start with "BURLINGTON BERNIE"
Disabled Veteran here.  Been fighting the Veterans Benefit Administration for over 5 years and haven't received one ounce of help.  Delay, delay, delay, deny is their motto.  Can we please get rid of the VBA and all its corrupt leaders?
You’ll vote no anyway Grandpa, you always do.
Hey bernie socialism will not work in america a in other nations hang it up
Work with trump to better the VA hospital, instead of running off your mouth. But I'm sure who ever he submits, you and the democrats will hold up the process with your nonsense
Bernie sanders needs to retire and along with many others we republicans need to clean up the mess from the democrats and liberal agenda corruption racism and hate .we will turn the map red
Oh bernie stop playing the games like all the democrats play the democrats and libetals just enjoy tearing peoples lives apart
Same here Bernie!
Maybe Ronny Jackson would have done some good but Your hate for America pushes away all the good people that would work hard for the American people. All you want to do is sow division and hate
Agree with sen sanders
they don't want a good leader in there. they want the VA to fail so they can more easily argue for the privatization of the VA.
Don’t count on it! He’s going to get someone like Pruitt to dismantle the VA, just watch 
And what have you done over the years to cut the VA bureaucracy and shorten the lines? How many bills have you gotten enacted to help the veterans? You should stop pandering to the Vets in this election year and just start doing your job that you were elected to do
So u think that allowing the government to run the VA has worked this far?  good on... 

Uncle Bernie there is no one with the experience to run by far the largest medical organization in te world . I would get rid of the bureaucrats many like yourself who have no experience in running any large organization
Bernie, What is Your Goal?
Think you could show a little respect,Bernie..it's President Trump! And he is your President. BTW...you're a little late showing a little concern for our vets. We aren't falling for it.
Like the quality care afforded by @Obamacare ?  Perhaps the scumfest perpetrated by dems to slash and burn every nominee by @POTUS is a danger to our republic?
Our job is to strengthen the VA in order to provide high-quality care to our veterans, not dismantle it.
I nominate myself senator let's see if we can make it happen!
I agree bernie my name is mark paliotti i am a trump supporter and a republican and yes over 30 years helping the sick can i have the job .Not
Trump's new nominee
We can all dream!
Only if there's a kickback for Trump
After the Democrats and the media put out a “proven “ Fake story without consequences AGAIN
Until we start showing respect Sen. Sanders you can’t  expect respect!   It’s President Trump to you!!!
Agreed. Our country’s veterans and their families deserve our very best. Unfortunately, they often get the shaft or are used as a bargaining chip.
Amen to that, Bernie. But it is Trump after all, so good luck to us.
Bull Shit! How do you sleep at night knowing the crap you preach is without substance. We know your a COMMIE.. and hey, NOTHING IS FREE.. Somebody,  not your kind, WILL pay for it
Goodluck.    This presidents vetting begins and ends with " boy I like the way that guy looks"
me2 and also how about a n EPA person who really understands and not votes against what he suppose to be doing A-hole
we hope you will submit a plan to pay for your plan to give everyone an $15 an hour job with healthcare and since when do you care about Veterans?? you support and aid illegal immigirants and the money and aid they get over veterans just playing politics
Hope the good Doctor SUES the libel Liberals.
I 100% agree with this.
You and your kind never lifted a finger to help a veteran. In fact all you have done was kill them slowly with red tape and lack of care. Don't  ever think for one moment that we will believe in your lies and propaganda.
The problem is no one has that kind of experience.  It is so large and the bureaucrats so entrenched that it might be the only thing to do is kill it and start over.
Bernie you finally said something I agree with
I thought you were against the war. Why are you now concerned about vets. Just voter against trump your hashtag
He'll probably nominate Kanye West. Lol
It’s criminal they way you play politics with veterans lives. The bureaucrats you approved in the past made a bad situation worse. You are a clown

Instead of hoping, you could have ruin and possibly won, and you would be the one submitting the new nominee but you pulled a Ross Perot on us
Obstructing our country is treasonous.  Stop making up excuses for your obstruction resistance.
Drunk while on duty. Seems about right for the VA
I cannot wait until every single appointment trump has made in his administration is removed from power after the next election. His administration has already done incredible damage and it's sickening how Republicans allow such unqualified individuals to be confirmed.
Think kakistocracy
Now you want a higher sense or urgency for appointments?  What about those that are held up because of filibustering?  Make your mind up....!
You want to quickly fill the vacancies???  How about stop stonewalling all his nominations
I hope so too
He is incapable of choosing an acceptable candidate for anything, never mind good!
I hope you retire soon and let someone else move America forward.
Or in other words just keep hiring the same old political hacks and maintain the status quo.
That would be wonderful, but this is the I ME administration that absolutely does not give a damn about the American people they keep fleecing the treasury, the house and Senate refuse to anything to hold trump accountable, makes me think they are all part of this investigation
Maybe he'll nominate Eric!  I'm sure he's just as qualified as Dr. Ronny!
Great, now when will @MSNBC announce that Joy Reid is resigning or going on vacation while we wait for her to prove she was hacked?
... you still have hope... we are taking bets on which fox channel pundit gets it... my bets on Geraldo.
Many veterans, like my Dad and pretty much every veteran in our family, avoided those democratic veterans organizations like the plague. How about we bring about those republican militia mentioned in the Constitution?
Why didn't you guys go after Jackson when he was drunking around the White House and giving out pills to everyone who held their hand out during the Obama administration...if any of that crap was true that is.
I hope you will retire to your lakeside socialist mansion for good with your felon wife
@SenSanders will receive the same treatment that Trump has received as President if he runs for and is elected POTUS in 2020. 
#RonnyJackson
Love you @SenSanders
You're assuming, of course, Senator, that Chump is a sane, rational, reasonable person, which we know full well he is *not.*
Lol no one Trump nominate will be acceptable to you Bernie #burnedbybernie
Trump doesn’t have the mentality to pick someone that’s qualified
Trump “ believe me, believe me I’m the only one that knows.....believe me”
The only thing you know how to run is your mouth.
We were dropped by United Health Care (from my husbands’s retirement due to late payment. It was 1 week late. I’m the two weeks we were uninsured my husband had to have X-rays and a CT Scan due to a sudden illness. When they reinstated us we lose vision and dental insurance.
The Military has a big say in this nomination.
It's not going to matter, as long as the POTUS puts forward nomminies of his choice you can expect the Democrats will oppose their confirmation, which is why they have yet to put forth someone they would confirm, they plan to undermine the POTUS at every turn, isn't it obvious.
He’s gonna nominate Lil Tay
Trump won’t find anybody qualified to do that job because anybody with a shred of dignity and credibility won’t take a job in the trump administration. He is toxic and you will serve at his whim no matter how competent you are!
so you want a partisan hack to fill that job.  Not one who works first and foremost for betterment of our soldiers. You’ll support government run everything even though it has massive amounts of waste and fails our veterans.  But youre an old communist at heart
Oh Bernie. You are such a concretin. Who the hell do you think you’re dealing with? A rational person?
I doubt it he has never served he has no thought process of what it is to be a veteran or support the veterans God help us all
Aka a bernie communist
Nobody has that kind of experience.
Bernie, if Dr Jackson was such a man of low character, why was he allowed to give health care to the most powerful men in the planet? #trump #obama #bush
hoping Trump does anything that will suit anyone except Trump is wishful thinking democrats (note u Bernie) wake up!! fail to control at least one house of congress after midterms. Trump & republicans w claim a mandate. fire #Mueller & end #Russia investigation check-checkmate
Good luck with that 

Amen!
Hope so too, but highly unlikely he can find a qualified candidate that wants to work for HIM.
BERNIE2020
..don’t hold your breath.. the Trump/GOP/Koch/Mercer regime has every intention of gutting it, dismantling it, and passing it to privatized “interests”..
..next up, Trump says “the justice system is a joke”..
..once the RW ratifies the constitution, they will seek to privatize under “corporate” jurisdiction the entire justice system and its laws..   the “lords” will pass judgement and punishments.. far-fetched?..
I hope that you go away.
The best way for our vets is to get them healthcare that is not managed by an unstable bureaucracy like the federal government.
Only the best!
Holy. Shit. I think the LAST person who should be adding ANY commentary as to who should head the VA is you.

You act like you care about veterans. There has been big problems with the Veterans Administration for years and Congress has done nothing but blame the other party. #DrainTheSwamp @realDonaldTrump
My dear @SenSanders, I admire yr optimism, it's what we love abt you bc w it, you always have a plan to make good and just things happen. But when has tRump ever appointed anyone who's halfway decent, ever? He can't, he's suffering from dementia. #ByeByeTrump
Can you run it freak
WHY doesn't he nominate the guy who's doing the job now! The deputy director? Can't think of his name, but he's practically been doing it for 2 years already..
I hear @therealroseanne is a likely second option Barney

I wish you’d have done something about the VA before now. Where has your voice been Bernie? You didn’t seem to care then. Why now, all of a sudden?
Can we fully fund the VA for once?
I think you mean PRESIDENT Trump. - Steve B.
Run Forest, RUN!!!
Hope in one hand and do virtually anything else in the other hand. See which fills first. We know he doesn't do what's best for the country, only what's best for him.
I hope I win a million dollars.
That ain't happening either
HOPE springs eternal. However we've learned that the administration is corrupt and incompetent! How do you persist?
Please, the VA has done a horrible job caring for our vets. Something has to change and it needs to happen NOW!
It needs fully funding.

But Trump wanted to cut his own taxes
I wish he would nominate David Shulkin...

Total hit job, there was never a complaint on him in the past two administrations, I hope this comes back and bites you in November.
while obstruction risks veteran's lives. it possibly exposed another obama failure. if jackson's alleged behavior issues have going on for so many years, why was it kept a secret.
I've got a great idea tell him your wife is available she has such a great track record running a college I'm sure she can do better at the VA!..#MAGA #Bitcoin #cryptocurrency #Crypto #KanyeWest #Trump #ThursdayThoughts #Trump2020 #travel #NP #News #AlternativeFacts
What about all the other Vacancies Mr. Sanders. #draggingtheirfeet
GFY socialist POS
Earthships!
 as long as it suits you chuck and Nancy?
I hope you go away.    Socialism is cancer
