On Saturday at sundown, I'll be joining @MontanaJew to light the menorah on the first night of Hanukkah. We must stand together.
Tough shit. She can go visit her son. No sympathy for someone who raises a neo -Nazi.
Please save it. Go read Breitbart or Infowars.
I'm a Christian.... You are defending people who hate Jews. Not a strategy your ancestors would admire.
Intolerant of Nazis and those who defend them. They laugh at you defending their rights, but go ahead.
hey let us know when a group starts publishing addresses, threatening members of RW groups.  You're not really a Jew, I bet.
what is TBH?
I asked you a question and all you can do is reply with an insult?! Now what does that say about you?! All you can do is
In '93 the town of Billings rallied around a Jewish family subject to a hate crime. Montanans will again show hate the door.
Jews are extorting and innocent woman then playing the victim.  They are going to be sued.
Good for the Jews in Whitefish for taking a stand against neo-Nazism. Get it by the root before it takes hold.
Jews dont realize they create "neo nazi's" with these extortion actions.
Of course you live in one of the most least "diverse" areas of the country.  Never fails.
Course I do. I regularly work with Natives, African American, Jews, & Hispanics.
Give me a break, you live in one of the whitest parts of the country.
So why is it them all I see is my brown peeps when I go out in my hood and to work? Lol!
@tyunsell @missoulian not acceptable anywhere. Neither is the opposite Black Lives Matter. No difference.
We need to protect ourselves from nazis and bigots Why? They've slaughtered us before
It will NOT HAPPEN AGAIN
oh shut up.  Jews were the ones behind communist Russia and killed millions.  Stop whining
White Supremacist have zero place in MONTANA---EVER!
@JoePerticone Here is the mom's blog on what happened (extortion and harassment) that started this
These people want to keep neo-Nazis out of their community. Good riddance to her and her son.
The mom has disavowed her son and is an innocent in this. Being threatened and extorted is not right.
Please direct us to proof that she disavows her hate-filled son's hateful rhetoric. Thx.
Funny that Jews think they can extort innocent people with immunity.  Goyim are tired of it.
Who's being extorted? Instead of generalizations which expose your hate or ignorance, pls be specific.
The Jewess is threatening her tenants and to organize protests unless she sells.
What she is doing is highly illegal.
You support a hate monger like Trump, you support hate in America. Hate begets hate.
So, you're chill with antisemitism & nazis? Cool, you should let your patients know.
Must be nice to be so insulated and privileged that you never have to worry about racism, bigotry or hate
THANK YOU Sen.  Daines, from one of your constituents.
This is hitting waaaaaay to close to home!!! #LoveLivesHere @SteveDaines @JohnJHarwood
Racist says what?
Also not acceptable, career politicians.  Americans demand term limits. Serving in congress should B privilege, not gravy train
@realDonaldTrump  Why won't you DENOUNCE these Fucking ASSHOLES you commie dicksucking traitor!! #KremlinDon #PutinsLittleBitch
He has, over and over again.  Read the last snippet of this. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/03/01/donald-trump-and-david-duke-for-the-record/?utm_term=.23c25cba6440 …
Doesn't seem to be working. Trump loves divisiveness.
Fair enough - but saying he hasn't denounced them is baseless.
He denounced them under duress. Why are they so emboldened?
Duress? Strong word. Why is every conversation an interrogation?
I'm quite sure not every interview was under duress, btw.  Especially before he ran.
@slatt3rn @missoulian You lie down with dogs....these are some of the fleas.
Sure, but every well-weathered dog has fleas. Hate groups on both side of the aisle.
Links to the hate groups on the left (and their hateful rhetoric), please. Thanks!
In the AM ;). Done for the night
@DanielZolnikov white supremacy doesn't come with a good jaw line
Thank you. Please do fight these monsters.  Unfortunately your party's president has one as his chief strategist.
@JohnJHarwood @missoulian Thanks to Trump! Pathetic
DJT didn't start the harassment of Jewish kids on Am campuses - but u ignore
He's helping to make it acceptable. Creating hate. Bashing Muslims, Blacks, Hispanics.
Y is the hate that the left has for Israel ok? & u know he didn't bash blacks & hisp
Trump bashed blacks and Mexicans. Did you know Mexicans are Hispanic?
I've heard rumors to that effect. I don't buy the "bashing" part, u mean criminals?
I guess a wall on the Mexican border isn't bashing them huh? Quit responding dolt.
no, fool, it's just asking to stay where they belong. U ever use a lock?
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  Watching your vote!
@DanielZolnikov @missoulian his face is so mushy lol
.@SteveDaines @missoulian Wow.  ALL of those groups mentioned are messed up and hateful!  :(
The actions of Gersh were not acceptable and were repulsively unfair and unethical.
Thank you, Sen Daines!!
Thank you.
Good that they publish that.
Thank you, Senator @SteveDaines for fighting hate and standing up for all Montanans!
So glad to see this. Have we seen similar statement from @jontester and @RepRyanZinke ?
This is not acceptable ANYWHERE!! @realDonaldTrump has normalized hate to the detriment of us all!!!
where did this low brow goon surface in Montana? MT people I know don't look like this. He Betta be in b4 dark.
yikes, is the photo of this man real? He reminds me of the evil cop in the Terminator. Eyes are the windows to the soul indeed.
You might start with a post-mortem on exactly how Trump won the Montana vote - overwhelmingly
thank you for speaking out.
USA has been lied to on mass scales. There are documented facts & proof if people care enough to look. NEO Bolshevism is HERE.
jewish freemason scum unite!
Thank you Senator Daines for representing Montana values and denouncing @RichardBSpencer.  #RiseUp #AcrossPartyLines
Thank u for speaking on this disgusting ideology Too many @gop refuse to speak up & not adhere or support it
.@SteveDaines Lol that these Nazis live in Whitefish. I know it has "white" in the name, but whitefish is one of the most Jewish foods ever.
isn't because one of the Jewish group is harassing and intimidating a leaders parents?  And parents are not part
@jaketapper @missoulian 

Cucked News Network

Clinton News Network
You're being played, Steve.
yes.  You are a hypocrite
the senator is a hypocrite
#TrumpEffect If this isn't squelched soon, we're in deep trouble in our nation. #NeverIsNow
Sorry but we saw thru your game very quickly eight years ago and its been eight years of hell. BUT ITS OVER!
NOPE you would rather make it look like there are these EVIL MONSTER WHITES coming after poor minorities.
I didn't see you posting about the blacks who set a sweet old white grandmother on fire after savagely beating?
So its really hard even thought these may be bad guys to care about it when you pick and choose bad guys!
but you let one white person even whisper something you don't like and you act like they've done mass murder.
the kindest thing and smartest is to block him, hate mongers love attention.
But I NEVER hear any of you saying a WORD about the heinous things that blacks do to whites all over this nation!
Neither is a bunch of blacks hunting down white people  to beat them for being white during riots!
Neither is a horde of blacks refusing with violence an old white man the right to walk down a sidewalk.
no this is not acceptable but neither is the left threatening the lives of electors and Obama doing notihng
Agreed. Remember: the most heinous crimes of 20th century were initially written off as bluster of a failed artist
@jaketapper @missoulian This man just looks evil...the poison he spews must be stopped.
@jaketapper @missoulian His eyes look so full of hate. His mind is consumed with it. Another Hitler among us. "Never Again!!"
TU for speaking out!
Bravo, Senator. Glad to hear it.
@jaketapper @missoulian Shouldn't be acceptable anywhere unfortunately it lies just under the surface almost everywhere.
@jaketapper @missoulian Why can't they Grow Up? We R human. God created us. He is superior. Not one human over another human.
We know who emboldened these Neo-Nazis, & you supported him.  Shame on the GOP.
@jaketapper @missoulian fight.
part of "working" is rejecting hateful rhetoric of @realDonaldTrump
might need to work a little harder there, mate
@jaketapper is there another pub covering this? That one wouldn't let me read it bc of the ads
How is this not considered a hate crime?
thank you, Sir.  @jaketapper
The group in question is trying to extort Spencer's mother, extortion is still a crime no matter who is doing it.
@TMIJOS @missoulian they've been harassing Jews there since early in Obama's administration. Did you vote for him?
No
This guy should be deported as a terrorist. Or jailed would be fine too.
thank you for speaking out !
Those are devil eyes.
@donnabrazile is it OK for Muslims to be anti-Christian?  Obama' track record speaks for itself. Dumb question #RussianHacking
Please his name and address
California welcomes all Montana businesses looking to make a change for the better and provide a more welcoming place for their employees.
It's beyond not acceptable. It's morally repugnant
Trump Republicans have EMBOLDENED these racist cretins. The GOP must be so proud. #TheResistance
But Bannon as Trump's adviser is okay?
WHERE IS THE FBI?
@DennisCardiff @missoulian even his eyeballs look creepy.
Look at that fucker's face...didn't that get melted off in Raiders of the Lost Ark?
Not acceptable anywhere #OneRaceHumans!
It's a shame Montana voted to elect @realDonaldTrump
would you campaign against him if he runs for Zinke's seat? Even if he runs with your party?
This is the logical result of absolutely everything you've supported and promoted. Don't act shocked and pious now.
good! please include White House staff and advisors on this list-- say, Steve Bannon
You're right & it takes courage to stand up. Don't stop or let up. Stand up for Jews & Muslims & Hispanics & gays too. #NoHate
If you voted for The Racist Rapist, @realDonaldTrump then you are a LIAR!
nobody has told this putz "NO" in a way he understands.
Thank you, Senator, for standing up for my friends, specifically my Jewish friends, in Montana.
hey maybe that would start by not supporting racist President-elects who fan the flames.
Trumperica!  Welcome to it
like half your party is this guy, so how you gonna fight that?
“You reap what you sow
He's Dead inside..no ones Home...except you know....
All due respect, Senator, these people are your party's foot soldiers now.
thank you for taking a stand & vowing to work against this extremist ideology. I hope to see you at public events as well.
Thank you.
no real difference here then the israeli ambassador's support of anti-muslim   agitators,no?
Good start. Now, let's actually do something to stop this before it starts.
Really?  You know you voted for a guy who surrounds himself with people JUST LIKE THIS. What did you expect?
No, not "not acceptable". Illegal. Not "work to fight". Prosecute racist bigots for hate crimes and harassment.
So what's the plan?  Hate crimes are punishable.  Time to file federal charges.
there needs to be consequences against this "newspaper" and its editors. Do your job!
how is this not a crime? There are privacy laws, inciting violence, slander...
This hate will be fought everywhere
#Antisemitism is a stain on our America.  Stand up for what's right.
thank you! I'm not fr your party or state, but I respect and appreciate your courageous stand
Be safe. They are raging thugs.
@jlhb45 @missoulian Been going on Montana for generations. Authorities do nothing to stop it.Want to see haters, look.in mirror
thank you for standing up
@brontyman @missoulian stop ANTISEMITISM now #trumpeffect #notmypresident #NeverTrump
Nazis?  I'm shocked!
Thank you Senator!
Glad you feel that way but don't you realize that the @GOP has helped invigorate the KKK and Nazis during this election?
couldn't agree more. This dude is pathetic! Hope he goes away
spotty, pasty face, Hitler Youth haircut. Doesn't look like the Master Race to me.
@StevePasquale This guy truly scares me!
These nut cases weren't created overnight. They have been there all the time. This one should go to jail.
"and then, when they came for me" there was No One left to defend me"...
Thank you for speaking up and now we must ensure the people of Whitefish reject this hatred. Stand up. Speak up. Fight back.
what specifically will you do? What does "work to fight" mean?
Fight it? It's about to stroll into the White House with an (R) after its name.
@jbarro @missoulian I seriously thought that guy was a Game of Thrones character b4 I read anything.
Thank you sir!
This isn't acceptable anywhere. Thank you for standing up to them though!
this is a fine first step. But a repudiation of Steve Bannon and his hateful ideology is more important. #nohate
This is not acceptable anywhere. We must condemn & fight this kind of behavior wherever & whenever it happens.
Senator, Your encouragement to Montana's electors may stop Mr. Trump. Almost 37 Republicans are ready-Kasich is consensus Pres.
sure
File charges.
groups that support anti-semitism are USUALLY empowered if an openly sexist man running on racist/isolationism is made PEOTUS 
@brielarson @missoulian The classic white supremacist face: a feral stupidity tempered with mean cunning. Horrifying.
Montana GOP @SteveDaines @EssmannJeff @RyanZinke partners w/AltRight 2 support Trump. #ski #Banff  #WinterParkResort http://www.ktvq.com//story/31925255/top-montana-republicans-gently-embrace-trump#.WFfb8kGwVto.twitter …
I vacationed in Whitefish this past summer.  Had no idea this hate was there.  No words.
@PatrickRuffini @missoulian Why are they attacking his mother?
@MalcolmNance @missoulian fight hard Steve, Montana wasn't by accident , out of spotlight, easier place to start and spread
@EssmannJeff @RyanZinke Supporting & pushing hard to elect Trump has consequences. #whitefish #Montana #Altright #Jewish
Thank you, Senator.
Yet you support Trump who inspired all of this. You support this hate and find it acceptable. At least own it.
That repulsive ideology is given a voice by Steve Bannon's website. Trump has destroyed the GOP, emboldened the troglodytes.
@WFChamber #skiing Embracing/partnering w/AltReich Nazis has consequences. Remember, Trump didn't even know David Duke.
Total POS. Thanks for posting this, we can take action against this scum.
2) he was brought with money. Google the Roland Martin interview and watch Spencer fall apart along with his views
@donnabrazile @missoulian Let us Jews handle it. We got this.
1)Spencer is a spoiled rich kid from Preston Hollow in Dallas. He was raised feeling superior to others because
So a nazi and a black panther and a black lives matter protester walk into a bar...there's no punch line.
They are becoming empowered by the election of the KKK Man Of The Year. This is very disturbing.
@jacobtaber @missoulian Thank you!
We all need to fight against this kind of thinking everywhere. Donald Trump has made it ok to be racist.
Any "Public Servant" Enabling Trump, aiding & abetting, looking the other way will have breached their oath of office #resist
Thank you.


@MrJamesonNeat @missoulian 
Truly like a main villain in a Nazi movie.
@MrJamesonNeat @missoulian 
Scariest fucking face I've ever seen
Good on you sir.
Is theNational Policy Institute a tax-free org.? Hate groups should not be.
"work to fight" it how, senator? A few pretty words, then go to DC and stay in line w/Trump agenda, amirite?
. Thanks, but if you're a Republican, this is too little, too late.
there are jews in montana?
Thank you for speaking up about this. It's disgraceful.
Thank you Steve Daines
Sir, I'm glad to see that you're friendly with Sen. Sessions. Will he help you muck the Nazis out of Whitefish? @KeilaSzpaller
@richardbspencer What will you do to stop Tanya Gersh's harassment of Sherry Spencer?
made the mistake of checking out the website... threw up in my mouth a little. not gonna lie
