Can you be a voice for your Montana constituency if it conflicts with trump?
Maybe also tell Jeff Sessions to sit and be quiet the next time he interferes in an investigation from which he's recused himself.
See you on the streets, if need be. #mtpol
He doesn't walk on the street, pleb! He teleports from building to building to avoid constituents.
Your blind support of this corrupt administration demonstrates your unconditional party loyalty, to bad thought you had morals.
Time for us to vote you out of office so we can elect someone who values the nation over their political party. Buh-bye Steve.
This is unacceptable. You are aiding a corrupt and immoral president in an attempt evade justice. I am beyond disappointed. #Shame.
Same goes for 2020.
Do you support an independent investigation? He is basically firing anyone investigating him. With a career of bankruptcies he looks suspect
Not surprising that you will put party over country.  I tried to place a bet but couldn't find any takers.  You will be gone in 2020
Mr. Daines, you are a rich embarrassment to most Montanans and an easily manipulated puppet for the Trump regime. We demand better.
Sens who support dictatorial acts lose the confidence and respect of constituents. We look forward to new leadership in *your seat* #comey
You're lying too. He hasn't lost the confidence of anyone but a few Russia loving Republicans.
Call for an independent special prosecutor.  Be a vertebrate!
BS , pure and simple. The Russians attacked our democracy and you choose to aid and abet, disgusting
Speaking of losing confidence, when will you be back in Montana, Steve? #DumpDaines
Sir w/all due respect, this is not okay.  These interference & interactions with Russia must be investigated! As my senator I demand better
You need to vote for an independent investigation

How are you regaining our trust? This is not leadership: fight for us like you said you did for the last 6 years or get out.
You're such a party-line schill. Disgraceful. Do you even know you represent Montanans? NOT the GOP?
Wow. What would you have done if he was fired during the Clinton investigation?
Exactly. Would have been a completely different cut-and-paste-party-line-response-here.
So, you are going to toe the party line? Who didn't see that coming? Duh?
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Then it is time to shut things down. The GOP are the ones playing politics, trying to save a corrupt president at expense of nation.
Shame on you for putting party before country. You're supposed to uphold democracy. Who will restore integrity to our government?
(One week later...) care to take this statement back? #ComeyMemos #mtpol
Party or country, Mr. Daines. Don't perpetuate Trump's lies.. History will judge. Choose well.
What?  Are you in bed with the Russians too? Wtf is wrong with You?  Are you representing Montana & America or Trump & Russia? Disappointed
Do you ever think for yourself? We've never seen anything from but the party line?  Must be vying for a position in trumps sinking ship
You should be demanding an investigation into the Russian interference in our election.
Hey everyone hating on Daines. I hope you live in Montana. Vote Democrat in 2018. Or at the very least not republican. This needs to stop.
Why was Russian press allowed today in Oval Office and US press forbidden entry?
I got my answer (not from any senators). Putin was showing us AND Trump who is in control. https://twitter.com/davidfrum/status/862602998891073536 … @SenateGOP
Trump White House: Russians duped us about those Oval Office photos 
Will you show some courage? Time 4  a special prosecutor now as well as an FBI director with the courage to investigate #TrumpRussia
When are you going to stop just being a bad politician and actually be a patriotic American? Act as a Rep for the people not a Trump puppet.
Thanks for posting this Sen. Daines.  Comey should have been charged with Obstruction of Justice & Perjury(testifying @ Oversight  Committee
#FullfillYourOath & call for a special prosecutor to investigate Russia's election interference.
Anything less than a call for a special prosecutor at this point is unacceptable. Your complicity has consequences. #mtpol
Are you calling for a special prosecutor? Because I can't trust anyone in Trump's camp.
45 goes from blowing kisses to Comey to firing his A*S & you want us to believe it's b/c he was mean to HRC? Go FK yourself! #mtpol #mtnews
BULL!!!!!
Boring. #DoYourJob defend the Constitution.
all bullshit as usual, you are a parrot just repeating what you are told
If you honestly think a Trump-appointed director will "restore integrity" to the FBI, then you are way out of touch with the public.
Here's a better one: “The timing of his firing—in the middle of an investigation [of Trump]—is serious cause for concern.”
U said D's r playing politics by preventing scheduled meetings from occurring. Sir, u r the 1 playing politics by putting party over country
I look forward to new leadership that will regain public trust and restore integrity to Montana
There needs to be an independent investigation. Country over party. History will remember your decision.
No one played politics today, they are making sincere attempts moving to justice. Get w the program or be frustrated
my statement on Steve Daines  you're a sellout & your typical republican talking points you continue to spout are getting ridiculous...
I, along with other Montanans, would love to hear this from you in person at, let's say, a town hall & NOT a rally with lil' don & NJ greg!
Independent prosecutor!!!!
Please save our country.  This is Russia interfering no excuses.
So why not fire him in January?  Why did POTUS wait until it was clear that the FBI was investigating his campaign staff?
An independent commission and prosecutor....NOW....just incase you did get my last tweet!
Who wrote that for you....Trump or Sessions???
Of course. Wouldn't expect you to grow a backbone and start thinking for yourself now. How does Trumps ass taste, btw?
Way to be a yes-man to an immoral billionaire...oh, wait, that's a description of your entire career.
WE THE PEOPLE deserve a special investigator on Russian interference in our election and any collusion with Trump staff. Please, protect us.
Idiot
How about that townhall?
Coward
Shame on you. If you were a patriot, as you claim to be, you would demand a special prosecutor named to investigate Russian collusion.
Oh my god. Please stop embarrassing Montana for like... one day. Please.
Party before country, as usual, Senator. We need an independent investigation. Demand it or be complicit in this treason! #ImpeachTrump
That's useless. Way to dodge.
My statement on this tweet
So. So. So. Naive and cynical.
We need to restore the confidence of the people in the DEMOCRACY!! This is a ridiculous scenario. You are favoring PARTY over Country!
Our Democracy is in shambles! We need ANY Repug to have courage and call for a special prosecutor NOW! Any chance you r profile in courage?
Independent investigation into Whit House ties with Russia NOW.
Steve, Steve, Steve- what are we going to do with you?  It's time to grow up and make your own decisions.  *sigh*
He doesn't know how to, he has not once voted against or gone against his party.  Party before people always. #enoughsaid @SteveDaines
What's your statement on the new House version of AHCA?
Silence, I've called his office daily to ask.  I've looked, Silence. Too busy lining his pockets and protecting our Russian Pres.
I look forward to new leadership that will restore integrity and confidence. That's why I support Quist & whoever runs against you in 2020.
Insert the name Donald Trump instead in that statement and you've really got the truth!
Please support the appointment of a special investigator to look into Russian meddling in our election and any link with Trump staff
Once again I'm not surprised of the crap that spews from your mouth and finger tips.Montana will be a much better state once we vote you out
Thanks Comrade Daines.  I'll be working my ass off next election to make sure you're defeated and sent packing to Moscow.
I'll help.  Bigly!!!!!!
Ok. Fine. Then I hope you support independent counselor to continue the Comey investigation of DJT campaign and Russia. What about USA 1st?
Do you support an independent investigation into the Russian meddling? #mtpol
@SteveDaines Yet the Russians are @ White House today. Demand answers & real investigations. The firing of Comey is suspicious at best.
Time for a special prosecutor. #Russia
Your just a trump puppet your time will come in 2020.  Why don't you support an independent investigation traitor
This weak excuse might have worked if he ousted Comey months ago.  Whose hand is up there making your mouth move??
You are my enemy.  Have at you.  I'm doing 20 phone calls for Rob Quist today and I'm dedicating them to you.
Shame on you, putting party before country. Trump is violating principle of rule of law by interfering in an ongoing criminal investigation.
In a democratic country, nobody is above the law, and leaders do not get to stop awkward investigations. You are on wrong side of history.
You're fucking complicit.
Sounds like you're just copying trumps statement.

