weak sauce
In Montana Code there's no Misdemeanor Assault, only Assault or Aggravated Assault. Calling it "Misdemeanor" seems prejudging the crime.
is montana still in america?

we don't assault ppl in the usa. we use our words and our brains.

what example does gianforte set? a bad one

You're sick. Get help. Wait, you can't afford it w/o ACA.

This is milquetoast! Grow a pair Steve!
You voted for him!
I wish more of you would stand up like Mr. Gianforte. 1 apology by Greg is enough. The liberal press never apologize. Stand with him
You mean the law enforcement that donated to Gianforte's campaign?  You are as slimy as they get.....we are marching toward 2018 and 2020!
The Fox News reporters in the room say what happened. You're a coward afraid to anger a bunch of bullies. Sack up & be a man!
Gianforte's office is in jeapordy on two fronts.  But the MTGOP doesn't seem to understand.
Lame lame lame
Coward
Ben Jacobs charged into Greg Gianforte's office when he (Ben Jacobs) had no business being there. This is the way I see such
You want to have your cake and eat it too. I hope you choke. Someday you will be an embarrassment on the wrong side of history.
Spoiled rich prick that feels he is above the law, censure him before he gets to Washington!!!!
Jesus God-Please help us handle fool fueled distractions.

Also we don't condone out of control reporters who provoke for a story .
He waited until after the polls closed to apologize. His sincerity, humility and class are truly Trumpian. Gianforte wins. Montana loses.
Spineless.
You are just an embarrassment Steve.
I DO NOT CONDONE LIBERAL HACK REPORTERS  WE NEED SOME BACK BONE IN THIS PARTY
You forgot the line that goes "Our hearts and prayers go out to the victims of this senseless act".
You have confidence in law enforcement, great! Do you have confidence in Congressman Body-Slammer? That's what we want to know.
Brave
Ì7.
Coward.
Well now, that's the weakest statement I've read today.
Gianforte won't last long!
He is a bully
Atypical statement from a atypical coward...nothing to see here.
And.....??
Are you so afraid of speaking out against someone in your party that you're going to look the other way at assault? Fuck you.
well said!
Chickenshit.
Yes!
How is it possible to actually physically move around with no backbone?
How precise!
Your statement: I'm a coward. Oh well. Yee-Hah!
Sounds a lot like statements Rs made after the Billy Bush tape came out. So to sum up, you still endorse a man who assaulted a reporter.
Wow, you're really getting good at these non-statements.
Don't forget what the reporter did and said about lewandowski then full video came out showing she was a liar.
you are an embarrassment to Americans and to our constitution! What is wrong with you??
Maybe his opponent can sing a ballad about it instead of taking a stand like Greg did a against gotcha reporters. #gianforte
Sounds just like your replies to every email I've ever sent you. Insulting, off the mark and without zero empathy for the issue at hand.
It is clear you have chosen to put party over country & do not care about the well being of Montanans or any one else for that matter.
So basically you're going with "It is what it is"

If you can't Man Up, maybe you need your pussy grabbed, Steve? #BodySlammer
This is a pathetic statement.
But do you condemn #Gianforte for #BenJacobsBodySlam?
I don't get it, what is the point of your story? If Greg was not convicted of the misdemeanor charge, then he is innocent until convicted.
You can do better.
This is a pathetic NON-statement. You either fully support the 1st amendment and law and order or you do NOT. WHICH IS IT?
Of course you do, you're a Wealthy White male. You can rely on the Police. The rest of us can't.
Greg Gianforte needs to withdraw.
You "do not condone violence in any way" but you do support for public office someone charged with committing an act of violence.
By which you mean, “I tacitly condone violence through my lack of willingness to take a firm stance on this issue.”
Greg for Montana!
I read fox reporter account? 2 hands on neck slammed 2 ground and punched then blamed reporter. U still stand by Greg? Weak statement!!
Not much courage here Senator
by not advocating for his immediate arrest, you are indeed condoning violence. hypocrite.
"... But if my party wins, I don't give a rat's ass. Family values, rule of law, yada
you should have said nothing. this looks like you condone it.
Sometimes it's better to say nothing than to put out a statement like this.
PATHETIC
So @GregForMontana @gianforte literally chokes and punches the first amendment in the face, and this is your statement. You ARE consistent.
Ok now start over and condemn this behavior!
How about this is completely uncalled for and I support #freepress?
If this guy were a Dem, your entire party would be screaming for him to withdraw. but hey, party before country, right.
#LOCKHIMUP
We asked you for a condemnation. This is not that. Now we have no confidence in you.
How do you feel about his lies to the police that we would have no proof against without the honesty of the Fox News reporters?
What a P.O.S. partisan you are. FOX News reported this as a violent attack & you still can't do the right thing.
You misspelled "I abhor and condemn this attack on the press, the bedrock of our Democracy. I demand Gianforte drop out immediately."
Please, @SteveDaines, let's get real.  @GregForMontana sucker punched a reporter.  This isn't a Montana way to settle things.  He isn't fit.
Where's the rest of it?
This rings hollow. Perhaps a large personal donation to @pressfreedom And a retraction of support?
Good job condoning violence though
@TheRickWilson has some advise for you. Check out his tweets. Its good advise.
Steve, you should tell your partner GG to withdraw from the race and the state
Should have been felony assault steve and you know it...bodyslam and then thump him out....dont tone this down from what it was..
Pretty weak stmt. @GOP ruining r wonderful country by being thugs: no civility, empathy or kindness. Shameful
Wow.  What integrity.  Almost seems like he's a human being
This is what happens when you let your PR person "craft" your message.
you are standing by a candidate who is rprted to have violently assaulted a reporter w/out provocation. you are condoning violence. #coward
If you can't even castigate someone who committed assault (with several witnesses) and then LIED ABOUT IT to voters, you're not worthy
Lukewarm
you'd have said more by saying nothing. Thanks for wasting bandwidth.
Misdemeanor! Ridiculous.
You, sir, are morally bankrupt. How dare you continue to support this violent individual. #SHAME
You should have said nothing rather than release this nonsense. Way to take a stand.
Looking to lose your re-elect too?
Weak
Hope the people in your state reflect on your statement, or lack of, when you are next on the ballot!
You support a thug!
This is pathetic.
Complete coward.
That's okay, law enforcement is in my pocket anyway.
If you "do not condone violence," do you still support @GregForMontana who is clearly violent? Respect voters; make a real statement. 
Lame.
Chickenshit. Do U also know *3* Fox News staff ppl corroborate Jacobs' account, exposing lie of Gianforte campaign? GrowAPair
Except that your chief of staff drove Greg Gianforte away from the incident instead of to the police station for questioning.
What would you have said if it had been Rob Quist in Gianforte's place? That's what your statement should say. Get real.

Way to cover your butt without saying much-
And this won't come back to haunt you at your next election. Nope.
Trumpfilter:  We condone attacking the press. 
-U.S. Senator Steve Daines
Something is wrong with you.
The question isn't if you condone violence in any way. The question is, do you retract your endorsement of a man who assaulted a reporter?
This is a very weak statement. You can do better.
Meanwhile, this factually wrong tweet is still up. We get @GregForMontana calls the shots, but 2020 isn't looking good for you #mtpol #mtsen
What you should be offering right now are words of condemnation. Not this empty stereotypical middle of the road cookie cutter statement.
He was charged with misdemeanor assault after choking someone. MCA 45-5-502 is clear. Gianforte committed a felony.
Every time you stand with, promote, and endorse Trump and his agenda you condone violence and sexual assault against females. Every time.
I think you and Little Marco got your press releases mixed up. Or do you share the same press guy? #weak
I see that you're familiar with the work of spineless @marcorubio
I don't condone violence either!  We're so brave for taking that stand
So brave! 

...This is sarcasm
So beholden to wealth and Republicans you can not say that a violent physical attack was wrong.
I've seen worse remarks from some other GOP Congress. At least he says he doesn't condone violence. Doesn't try to justify it.
Wow.  How courageous.   Voters actually put you US Senate?   WTF Montana.
"I'm sick and tired of your lies. By supporting this candidate you are being complicit resign now
You Repubs are really tough on crime. I'm sure you'd say the same if it was a young minority assaulting a white woman.
Jesus wept. Is there no one left in the @GOP that is actually thoughtful, intelligent, and HASN'T eaten evangelical monkeybrains?
You aren't telling us what you think of the #AHCA now that the #CBOSCORE is out?! #mtpol C'mon man
How do you feel about U of M athletes raping female students? Just askin'.
lol if it was a democrat candidate body slamming someone from breitbart you would be calling for their heads, i'm so sick of you hypocrites
Wow Kreskin, you got us pegged. But we will never know right. Cause THAT wouldn't happen.
True, because Dems are adults&not overgrown children with father complexes? But no, keep listening to Daddy Trump,he'll wipe your lil bottom
Devastating statement, Steve. (also maybe grow a back bone.)
Wow. What a profile in courage! Thanks for demonstrating you are a terrible person and unfit to represent ANYONE
But you still support him.  Grow a fucking pair.
Party before principle
You will win the peace nobel price with this statement! Coward!
That's a cringing, cowardly response
"So much for tolerance and diversity of thought."
Admit it u have no problem with what occurred
How embarrassing and weak. You have no opinion on violent acts being committed. Coward.
This is a Marco Rubio level statement. "This is a statement. I acknowledge that a thing happened. Yep, it sure did. End statement."
Why don't you stand up for Montana values and ask Gianforte to withdraw?
Your party isscrewing up royally

and we wonder why Montana has a bully problem!!
Wow, everyone was waiting with bated breath to know whether or not you were able to read the news. Coward.
"Also, if anyone has seen my spine please call my Senate office immediately: (202) 224-2651"
This is rather pathetic
Oh, what courage! Blown away by your integrity, Steve. Way to take a tough stand.
Ask law enforcement if they can find your missing backbone.
Way to say something substantial.
You scared @GregForMontana will rough you up if you actually denounce his behavior?
Blah blah blaaaaaaah
I would like to wake up in an America where the people of your party have spines, and do not run away or lash out like animals.
Jesus. what crap word jumble machine are you using to write your statements? This is garbage.
Wow Steve. So brave of you to release this proof that you're a clown.
Your statement just condoned violence.
Such strength of character from you! 
So typical of Republicans c. 2017.  Once a proud party.  Now a total disgrace.
We need people of moral clarity and courage and on that score you failed sir
What will it take to rescind your endorsement? #FlipThe406
Uh...you're kind of condoning violence with weak shit like this.
This is a load of horse shit!
This.... means nothing.... lol
If you're still endorsing him, you condone violence. Can't have it both ways Steve. Try to be a decent human.
WTF, Steve. How about growing a spine?
Why bother?
Coward
Sen. Daines, nothing about the hot-headed attack showing Gianforte unfit for office? AHCA isn't going away. Montana deserves better.
Yet another profile in cowardice from the hallowed halls of congress...
lol. Sometimes silence is better
He gave his cowardly reply, reluctantly and too late.
Don't condone violence in any way yet you continue your support GG? newspapers have rescinded their support. Charged with assault. VOTEQUIST
Zero courage.
This is a bad joke. And you wannt to be a senator? 
Get a backbone
You're also not against it? What a weak statement. #mtpol
I have confidence in all and malice to known.
If you can't strongly denounce violence towards reporters, perhaps you should be resigning, that is a low bar that you did not clear.
He attacked him! By pushing a tape recorder in his personal space. He felt threatened!
Please issue a direct, unequivocal denouncement of this man and his disgraceful actions, Senator.
That's great, Senator. Maybe you can also address the fact that some members of LE are Gianforte donors. You know, "confidence" and all that
phew, wouldn't want to take a risk definitively disavowing misdemeanor assault! how brave of you
But did you withdraw your endorsement?
Can we at least get a "troubling" or "disturbing if true"
Translation: "I am a spineless sack of shit."
Weak tea.
