coward.
You are from NYC. Don't lecture Montanans please, keep your views to yourself.
I am from Montana and I agree he is a coward. He took $46,500 dollars from Betsy Devos voting yes, says!
good - as a nyer I am not permitted to tell Montanans their business.
Refugees ARE vetted. Who or what are you really afraid of?
when refugees are vetted to where you feel safe, with them, with a gun, we have met common ground .
I am so disappointed in your choice.  I am one of your constituents in MT and totally oppose your lack of backbone.
meet with your constituents we do not agree. You sir are a coward!
No, you've got it all wrong. We are at war with #WallStreet. Theyve stolen are homes. They are the real terrorists.
NO to the ban. Daines you are wrong on this!
how about the terrorists that are already here? Christian extremists? Citizens radicalized because 45? Look within first
Montana here asking you to stand up to @POTUS. Disappointed that a Montanan would be so narrow-minded. 
Your narrow minded alright, U defend a failed education system that takes more $ per child, yet ranks 17th
We already do stringent vetting. Why are you insulting our intelligence community. What do you have against hardworking people?
religious discrimination is UNAMERICAN.   There are murders in NY but MT doesn't ban every New Yorker!
hey dingus, if there's one thing Montanans love it's the Constitution & right now you are dumping on the 1st amendment
ever think that banning Muslims will only exacerbate the spread of extremist ideas you're trying so hard to stymie?
your statement is ignorant and will ultimately put America in more danger.
This ban is not in line with American  or Montanan Values and your constituents will not stand for it!
Sick of Dems talking values, while they suppress freedom of speech, rioting at universities, Black Block thugs.
#MuslimBan Sen. Daines, you misunderstand your job. Your #1 priority is to uphold and protect the Constitution. Sad!
Trump thinks oath is to "administration"; you think it's to "public safety"; it's actually to uphold Constitution! Sad!
$48,900 in contributions from DeVos family for your campaign? Paying attention to ALL your votes. #noDevos
Go ahead & hitch ur horse to lunatic 45. It ensures u lose ur job next election, no matter how much $ Kochs throw at it.
... i am embarrassed to say you represent me and my family  ... Am appalled you support this!
Every one of our ancestors were refugee's. Continue your thoughtless media fed fear mongering.
Yes, they all came legally, they loved America, anxious to learn English and assimilate. Not invasion #'s
Non-sequitur. No terrorist attacks within the last two decades have hailed from countries listed under the visa ban.
You lack Montana Values. Even your coveted Koch Bros don't agree with you.  is ticking until your retirement in 2020.
U approved dumping coal waste in streams. U r poised to vote for DeVos & Pruitt. How r u representing me? #noDevos #notopruitt
How do you respond to experts who tell us that this action makes us LESS safe? You are using fear and misinformation
And so the richest most powerful country handcuffs a five-year-old CHILD! #noban #ChristiansAgainstHate
So religious discrimination and refugee humiliation is a necessary evil you endorse. Noted. #ChristiansAgainstHate
.@SteveDaines so you support @POTUS on this?
I'd prefer you work on significant problems, Senator. This does not fall in to that category.
shame on you. this ignorance does not represent American values. i feel ashamed to call you my senator #NoHateInMyState
when there are more home-grown attacks and countries not banned that have attacked us more.

THIS WILL NOT PROTECT US.
stop this coward call NOW!! They are answering.
You are sadly supporting the wrong side of history. America was built on those wanting freedom of religion and a better life
You're on the wrong side of history here bud.
Wrong answer. I'll be voting for new representation that stands for true American values - i.e. not you.
You will NOT be getting my vote when it's reelection time. And I'll be sure to tell my vast Montana social network exactly why.
Bless your little heart and its fundamental misunderstanding of statistics and what/who the real threats are.
#shameonyou #UnAmerican
Please add @SteveDaines under the definition of spineless. This does not make us safe! Exactly whom do you represent?
@SteveDaines how about Montana pioneers from Syria? Start with Anna and Blibel Betor. #NoBanNoWall #resist #immigrantamerica
Need a reminder of shameful national security ideas? @HeartMountainWY is 1.5 hr from your Billings office. Your visit's overdue
shame on you. History will not reflect kindly on either of you. Remember the Nuremberg trials. #NoBanNoWall
You assume that extremists of other types don't need to be vetted. None of our casualties of came from those countries
You don't seem very worried about the safety of the citizens who aren't able to reenter the country because of the ban.
Refugees are heavily vetted already, and most are innocent women and children.
"Those who sacrifice liberty for security deserve neither." -Ben Frankin
Refugees aren't terrorists. This is false propaganda that you should be above.
I cannot believe you would countenance the refusal of CBP to obey a court order. This is a coup.
Sad and pathetic you stand with #45. This is out right racism at its finest
its the right call
warnings from police says dont open door for strangers, be very cautious of pleas for help, why different for OUR house?
A running thread in most of your statements is your invocation of fear whether discussing immigration, environment, or industry
history will remember your complacency, Senator.
embarrassed that you are representing Montana.  You will regret this stance
I'm disappointed.  I was hoping you'd put principle before party.  Lady Liberty weeps and Jesus frowns.
Senator you've lost my vote.
is the current multi year screening not enough for these people fleeing terrorism and extremism?! I'm appalled
Because you have enough home grown terrorists so yah, fuel that fire. Sad!
just one more reason why I will do everything I can to ensure you are not reelected.   #LoveTrumpsHate #BannonOut
This is what Republicans need to sound like on this issue: http://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=587F2A2D-8A47-48F7-9045-CF30F0A77889 …
- very disappointing to hear you won't stand up against anti-American (and court-rescinded) EO's like the #MuslimBan.
And stopping legal US citizens from coming home, what does that accomplish?
 glad I moved 
you're trying to be diplomatic but you're furthering a facist regime by not standing more firmly against this ban. Shame on you
Did your pastors preach this same message at church this morning? I doubt it. Shame on both of you.
Please leave the country. I am ashamed that you represent Montana.
Trump didn't include Turkey, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, U. Emirites, Egypt in EO?  B/C of his business interests? Conflicts!
We are indeed at war!
Trump's EOs penned by Bannon w/o vetting are putting US and servicemen in the MID EAST in more danger.
GOP has had 8 years to look at vetting.  Maybe should have done that instead of wasting $ on Beghazi x 3
Shame on you!
Please take a clear stand on this issue. Sitting on the sidelines with an ambiguous statement is not enough.
YOU SUCK. You have zero courage to stand up to Steve Bannon and the White Nationalist agenda.
thanks for "saving us" from flight attendents... http://www.newsweek.com/trump-muslim-ban-green-card-passport-airlines-travel-549755?rx=us&ref=yfp …
what about green card holders and others?
I wish you were a leader
I too look forward to your replacement in the next election. So very shameful. Other GOP are speaking out against Muslim ban. Why not you?
vetting is one thing, discrimination, xenophobia and fear-mongering are another. You do NOT stand for this Montanan.
I absolutely disagree with you. You need to listen to the people you supposedly represent.
what a load of crap.  As a Montanan I'm embarrassed to have you represent me. #growsomeballs
Steve this is a week opinion and I'm ashamed to say you represent me as a Montanan.
Check out @SenatorTester's Tweet: https://twitter.com/SenatorTester/status/825792413335699457?s=09 … @SteveDaines @POTUS
My statement on the @POTUS' refugee executive order: 
A weak statement not worthy of Montanans.  Jeanette Rankin's strong voice echoes through history. You sir, are a follower. @SteveDaines
This Montana voter is disappointed in your xenophobia and will work to see you replaced @SteveDaines @POTUS
Also, in regards to our safety, those of us who are standing up for US ideals are not cowards needing your protection.
Your lying about existing vetting, and your supporting a hateful, racist policy generated by a evil man. You are a racist.
What an amazing embarrassment you are to your State. No standing up by you, I see.
You're a coward playing to people's worst fears. There is already a vetting process. https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/immigration/news/2015/11/18/125812/infographic-the-screening-process-for-entry-to-the-united-states-for-syrian-refugees/ …
You suck. So do you, @POTUS.
When was last terrorist attack in Montana?  Xenophobic bed wetters.
93% of people in Montana have never met a brown person.
So, you plan to go down with this whack job.  Too bad.  Best distance yourslf.  He's no conservative.
coward.
Let me guess, you must be "pro-life". Another sniveling coward

You don't put the safety of US citizens first when you encourage discrimination and hatred. You breed violence. Ashamed for MT.
Coward
.@SteveDaines Thank you, Senator Daines! The American people want @POTUS to review immigration policy with Congress, not issue EOs.
Good.
your decision to support the immigration ban is unamerican and not Montana values. Two years watch out.
incredibly disappointed in your fear-mongering. your blind support puts our nation in danger. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/28/us/politics/a-sweeping-order-unlikely-to-reduce-terrorist-threat.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=b-lede-package-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news …
Permanently lost my vote. Refugees aren't dangerous - you're just racist.
You would consider a newborn and a child 18 months old to be "an Islamic extremist"?
You would consider a five-year old American citizen a "refugee with an Islamic extremist background"?
Thank you Senator Daines for supporting our President!
omg. A Senator wiiling to standup 4 USA. (Oh your surname 14th direct relative...hertiage.lets http://check.lol )
What about the citizens of the 7 Muslim-majority countries who hold green cards and are legal permanent US residents?
I strongly disagree with president's travel ban. The majority of Montanans disagree w/ Daines' support of the EO.
Senator Daines, you're deplorable
they already have green cards and visas. Your stance is racist at best, inhumane at worst. You're despicable men.
Please take a minute to answer this!!!
great. then include Saudi Arabia, where Orange Hitler violates #EmolumentsClause in your unConstitutional fascism.
This is a bad EO. You look foolish supporting it.
Pure and utter bullshit propaganda! The U.S. has extreme vetting already. Refugees who have committed acts of terror in U.S. = 0.
Homeland Sec already thoroughly vets refugees and not one has been known to have killed Americans. This move helps recruitment.
Why are Muslims being targeted and at the same time Christians allowed?  Do you support a religious test for entry?
Can you hear us booing in Montana? Nobody thinks that ban makes us safer.
You seem confused. Please look to your colleague @SenatorTester for the right way to address racist, illegal executive orders.
Who is looking out for WHOSE interest?
17 years vetting to get here AND fleeing extremists!! Gunna help these ones out tho, right??    http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/28/us/syrian-family-trump-travel-ban/index.html?sr=twCNN012917syrian-family-trump-travel-ban1031PMStoryLink&linkId=33904902 …
you know this doesnt make us safer. please your base while showing the quality of your character Pro life with exceptions.
You're a tough guy.
This is rediculous. It's already really hard to get into the country. Green card holders and others with visas must be allowed
your support of @realDonaldTrump is disgusting and you can count on my vote going to your next opponent
then why are people who have already been vetted through the green card, student visa, and work visa process been denied entry?
Senator Daines you have let the people of Montana down by supporting the wanna be dictator Trump!
Thanks for making us LESS safe. Stupid policy that gives ISIS ammunition.
If it's about safety and not racism explain this!!! Montana Constituents will remember this come voting time Senator!
This is wrong. Not what we stand for as Americans. Not what we stand for as Montanans.
playing political games by claiming prior vetting wasn't good.  Shame on you for using fear as a political tool!!!
joins the small crowd of anti-Christian, anti-human cowards who are defending President Trump. Hardly a surprise. #mtpol
he's never gone against his Republican masters
@GFTrib_Aldinger @POTUS Why isn't Saudi Arabia on the list?
Thank you for having a backbone, senator!
refugees from those countries have killed exactly 0 ppl on American soil in the last 40 years. Christian compassion?
because isis is coming for Montana?????? 
Yeah.  They are going to take over #bigsky if you ask @SteveDaines
don't ever claim to be "pro-life" again.
what is the certain death they are facing? Why can't they have a shorter trip to Saudi Arabia
Thank you Senator.
There are 0 terrorists from these countries. Reason and moral courage are not your strongest traits.
@MissoulaAF @SteveDaines you are joking right? The system was so broken Somalia war criminal was working security at DC
source, please
Search dulles somali war criminal
http://www.cnn.com/2016/06/01/us/accused-war-criminal-works-at-dulles-airport/index.html …
I'm embarrassed to have you as my senator.
Unamerican coward.
including people who have green cards or resident alien status
we will find your balls in the bottom drawer of Trumps desk... good luck
LOL, weak as piss
horseshit
coward and a liar. They are already vetted?! Do you know the process, I do?!? Liar and a coward like POTUS
Terrorists are tearing Montana apart, huh? The fuck do you know?
what about the millions or innocents who are trying to flee from Islamic extremism?
.@SteveDaines @POTUS congratulations on firmly establishing your place on the wrong side of history
bigots
.@SteveDaines @POTUS YOU LIVE IN MONTANA.
very good, with over 500 miles of boarder w/ foreign nation, we have a horse in the race
coward
History will remember this.  Cowardly.
is there something flawed with the rigorous 2-year screening that was in place? Any proof that bad eggsmade it thru & hurt ppl?
Current programs working well 18-24 months of vetting- the rest are greencard holders - BAD EO
Anything about the executive order being directed towards green card holders and those with dual citizenship?
this is absofuckinglutely not making us safer, sir.
This is a cop-out statement. US refugee verification is the most stringent in the world. Where is your leadership & compassion?
