I think this would be a good place for the Republicans that support this idea to be sent to when their corruption surfaces
@SteveDaines kudos..use it or lose it...do the crime do the time
By sending Trump and his administration there?
no, by sending all of you left wing nincompoops there.
ok Hitler Jr.
you have no idea.
then we share something in common
@SteveDaines Guantanamo was hastily created and has cost us billions and loss of cred; it's literally un-American to keep it open
sounds good to me.
Lets open it to violent rioters
yes. To put Trump , Bannon , Conway . Spicer , Flynn and Miller there permanently
not exactly.  It's to house left-wing nincompoops.
forgot to add those sel proclaimed white extremists
no such thing as a white extremist.
go trump
good idear put illegals in there, then they will want to go home
for trump and his ethically challenged cabinet
. @CNN #Dimwits !
somebody needs to use the Obama soccer field
Funny how they got time for that but not investigation of trump team and Putin
Trump and his circus would fit right in...
so you criticize @BarackObama for not closing #Guantanamo and now you want to expand it. You guys clearly know what you're doing.
your Dam right that's were all you CNN who lie are going Your bed is waiting 4 you.
I have no clue what that means.
Indicted Democrat partied with Pelosi, flew with Obama, and campaigned for Clinton Fake CNN, will not cover this story?
Looks like you got it covered for them.
The Republicans are so full of hate and evil and they are the Christians?
Hell Yea and put every CNN reporter in there
really that the best you can do
yep dont like to waste my time on L.

blindly following the president = sheep
See! They are just like their boss. Birds of a feather.
more prisons to house able bodied humansdisgusting!! This is pure evil!! Being we're the only country that houses this many prisoners!
@SteveDaines are you one of them????  Shame again for our great state
WHY !
that would be great.  maybe we can recapture the 5 terorists Obama exchanged for the traitor Burgdal and put them back in Guantanamo.
lets put all the GOP in gitmo permanently,they want it so bad,stick them all in it!
Why?  Talk about something that makes no financial sense. We have secure facilities here that don't cost near as much.  Where is the $
How much you want to bet that it want be long before they'll propose it as an immigration detention camp.
cause this is a priority right now
Flynn.  See what all he knows.
Whenever the words "human intelligence" comes out of Trump's mouth, I have to lol.
it's better for intelligence gathering but the practice of drone bombing is also a deterrent. Unless saying the terror problem solved?
great #maga
throw George soros in there
Maybe the "Cabinet" could live there!!!!
Do you people blindly believe everything you hear?
Read up on Guantanamo.
It's basically a black hole without a Constitution or rights.
use for cnn fake news reporters
close this illegal unconstitutional gulag
Hillary should be locked up in there.
internment is a must, it worked in Northern Ireland!
for the republican administration and congress i hope
Trump needs to pick which cell he would like for himself and Flynn after the treason trial. Perfect place for them
or supplies bought from the Cuban Government on the island (I thought Repubs love embargoes).
good place for illegal immigrants who keep coming back into the US after being deported.
yeah - they want him yo build a golf course there... 
Republicans, mean to abolish everything you care about; want to take away everything you love, and to destroy everything you have
you have got,to be kidding. Trump and Repubs continue to show worst of america,with the racist wall,discriminatory travel ban and this?
They want to send political opposition  for a state sponsored vacation.  These people are facistist.

Lock her up!!
costs more than a U.S. mainland prison, food and supplies have to be flown/shipped into it. Stupid Republicans=always!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yes on gtmo.  83-85!
Republican = criminal.
GOOD!
expand and detain! No more redos!
Great idea!  Unless of course all of those Democrats who oppose it are willing to relocate these terrorists in their states.
and Obama wanted it closed
What, to include immigrants, political dissenters, and the free press?
Fast WiFi and free Netflix are top priority.
Do they want reservations for their families, the senator's families? Terrorists are they
That's where the illegal alien criminals are being sent if after being deported they try to come back.
good!
This could become the new winter white house. Plenty of room for Trump and his staff members
lol good.
Make room for Obama & Hillary!
hope its for the nasty 7 in the white house and what i mean about the nasty 7 includes 45 bannon steve miller the screamer etc etc
please send all illegals to Guantanamo
Obama pretty much released all the terrorists so why not?
Send all TSA detainees to Gitmo?
See! They are just like their boss. Birds of a feather.
craziness!
Finally Common Sense Prevails
they are prob going to need the space for all the cabinet members
how did we get here? We are on the path to becoming a terrible country
I hate to be the one to tell you..but
the swamp is deep
excuse me........the swamp is the white house not cnn
dump all the refugees there until they could be vetted
#WW3 here we come! Get ready for the #draft
you're probably right. How ironic the draft Dodger probably would want it
Well of coarse they are! Sick
for the media?
lol. Reporting live...
yes let them get a taste of sharia law since they are the fools that support the Syrian migrants
