This combat veteran has his back on it. Have you held an actual weapon outside of your political photo shoots? #mtpol #mtnews
I own 6.5 Creed, .243, 7mm-08, 30-06, 340 PD, .44 mag, 12/20/28 g shotguns plus others. Killed elk, deer, antelope in '16.
Good to know you are listening. Thanks for the quick response.
This MT boy's been hunting since a kid.  Accusing me of using guns as a prop hurts. :) my next gun will be 300 Win mag
Just politics (my side hobby), nothing personal. That .300 is a monster, I prefer my Weatherby .308 for big and small game.
my"308" is a 7mm08.  Excellent ballistics...but loving my 6.5 Creed...w/143g ELDX Hornady round..deadly ...ok. Nuf said :)
Just to finish. I use HSM ammo made in Stevensville. Political opposites but they make amazing, accurate rounds.  #mtpol
god no, not registration! It's almost as if he wants to ensure only those capable of respond ownership have guns!
Not here to fight, Jordan, just want to point something out. What is the primary purpose of the second amendment?
right to bear arms against tyranny. There's nothing so radical with ensuring we know who has guns. It's not...
...like the govt can't find out already -- but to be able to remove weapons from those who would likely...
...cause great harm before it's done is good work in my book. If you are a responsible gun owner it's a...
...non issue. That's one of my biggest arguments towards background checks and registration.
Steve Daines supports car registration...in Montana??  (See.  That sounds silly too)  Quist's is a solid position.
You should too! And, you should support public lands. Buy you'll be ok, your buddy Greg will let you on his land.
Quit lying
In every case of gun registration in the World's history it has always ended in gun confiscation. This is why I oppose it.
He'll take away our guns, just the way Obama did!
You do realize that @RobQuistforMT never said anything about limiting access to guns...gun registry isn't anti-2nd amendment.
Living in the NRA's pocket, as per usual, Mr. Daines?
No, he's representing US, the citizens of Montana.  The majority has always supported gun rights and still do!
The USA has "citizens". Montana has "Residents". Just clarifying.
.@JimLynchMontana @DawnWatland @SteveDaines Well, you're wrong.  
Citizen:  —noun
a native or naturalized member of a state or nation (1/2)
The state in this context does not mean one of the United States.  The USA is a State, it has citizens
.@JimLynchMontana  No.
You do not have a right or path of citizenship in Montana. However you can establish a residency. You become a resident of MT.
You're WRONG.  Period.
I have no issue with registering the guns I own. I live in Montana.
Did you guys ever get that paper ballot thing sorted out?
Yep. Will be Mail in ballots.
I just saw on @maddow that the paper ballot bill has not yet passed...?
I stand corrected. The bill to create the mail in only option passed the senate. The house is trying to kill it.
at least Quist is still willing to be publicly available in Montana.  Not hiding behind a phone and screener.
I own a few guns & have killed elk, deer, antelope too! And I'm still a Democrat born, raised, & living in Montana 
yup, and you should consider that it's a pretty reasonable request.
Hold a real, face to face town Hall, and let's talk about it. I'm not worried about my guns. Trumpcare will kill me first.
That's  not the entire truth Senator and you know it.  Misguiding the people you represent, pretty weak sauce
FAKE NEWS!!  please stop negative campaigning and get to work! Maybe introduce a bill or something..
so do thousands of Montanans! This is not gun control in any size shape or form.
you need to focus on the concerns of your constituents . Do your job don't worry about someone else's.
we want common sense gun law! If you had a town hall we'd be able to tell you that.
Quist is for ASSAULT WEAPON registration. Lemme know next time you nab an elk w/ an AR-15 Steve. #picsOrItDidntHappen #mtpol
so, apparently you don't support responsible gun ownership? #dumpdaines #notMYMontana
why aren't you working? You don't have time to meet with us but you have time to tweet? Go back to work!
so far he hasn't been as afraid to face his fans & detractors as you have. Man up and do a real town hall!
You just want to take our health care away.  And our civil liberties.
Thank goodness. Because registering guns is American. Even in the old west there were rules Back when America was great
You don't even have the stones to show up for a townhall 
@SteveDaines
.@SteveDaines Common sense gun laws protect citizens. Registration only hurts those who use guns to hurt others.
yes, because criminals are well known for following gun laws. I'm sure they'll be the first in line to sign up
.@rob_miller72 Fair point. Maybe we should just get rid of all laws. Since criminals will break them anyway.
If you look at statistics, you'll find that most shooting deaths are crimes of passion, not premeditated.
I doubt that. If you could show me your research. But it's actually irrelevant
I'm actually a research librarian, so I could show you a lot of research. But it seems you're determined to be ignorant...
or that your full of shit. I'd be happy to look at any evidence you provide.
"Guns, Impulsive Angry Behavior, and Mental Disorders: Results from the National Comorbidity Survey Replication" Swanson et al
Registering guns? With everything going on...this is what you choose to address? Pay attention to what Montanans want!
it's about time
It's so silly there are still archaic politicians who think registering guns is bad #resistingprogress
It's the 21st century. I'm a hunter (on public lands) and I'm proud of #robquist for taking a stance.
how about less tweets from you ! Do not legislate like  #45. You'll find yourself on the wrong side of history !
I am a MT resident and fully support reg assault rifles..maybe show your face at a meeting to see what your constituents want?!
.@SteveDaines supports no restrictions on guns - even in schools (Devos). @quist_rob support Public schools & reasonable gun laws.
at least his willing to talk to the voters in our state, unlike you, Chicken Steve!
Bet Quist shows up when the MT Air Nat'l Guard returns from deployment. You too busy collecting donations to pay respect?
Quist doesn't believe the world is 6,000 years old and private Christian schools are better than public. A win in my book.
Not a fan of registration but Quist is better in most every other area than you. Better than Gianforte.
Hey Dianes! At least he PUBLICLY shows up to events. Where we you at this weekend...month...year?
Where is the replacement plan for ACA?
*registration for assault rifles. Deceptive POS. #dontlie
And you believe in homophobic principles and are trying to ram down our throats!
Someone thinking for himself instead of following political party lines, like you, for no other reason than being Republican.
guaranteed looser
Why do you want mentally unstable people to be able to buy guns!? How much $ has the nra given you? Devos bought you cheap
You're OBVIOUSLY not listening 2 your constituents. Hold real town halls. We can expect the same from @GregForMontana. Quist4MT
Gun registration doesn't seem to have emasculated our friends in Alberta, now, does it? Still huntin' away
We used 2 think of guns as tools in MT now we are treating them like toys. Thanks to @POTUS  even mentally ill can get them
absolutely no registration. These Anti Constitutionalists are a virus to our Republic
Montana citizen here & I support gun registration (plus clean water, federal lands, EPA, Dodd Frank). Do YOU represent me?!?
you wouldnt know considering hes not holding a #TownHall
Exactly! We may have differing views but our representatives in DC should listen, in person.
I will never forgive you for your treatment of the lgbt community and your islamaphobic fear mongering. You're a very bad man.
good for him. Unlike you he seems to have morals and integrity.
car registration has been devastating to the auto industry and the liberty of American drivers
maybe he'll compose a song about it for this (thankfully) shortened campaign.  Dems are crazy to put forth this candidate!
It's ok to have to register a car but not a gun?
, please get to work for US- your bosses- and stop this nonsense.
I think this is a good idea. You, Steve, are not good for Montana.
Montanans are smarter than you give them credit for.  Isn't your boy a creationist???
> He must be from Missoula. Like most of the people commenting here.  
Thank goodness nobody in Missoula is a Real Montanan. Best not listen to those prairie fairy types.
k
Keep Montana "Montana" Steve Daines!
how shameful that you resort to fear mongering.   I see that devos making fun of free school lunches.  concentrate on that
Montana's kids should be able to provide their own lunches with @SecretaryZinke approved lead ammo.
so when is his next face to face town hall meeting?
next? Lmao how about first
if your buddy and ex-boss @GregForMontana  is nominated, first to say that dinosaurs and man co-existed? #makinghistory #mtpol
Hey-that's the kind of "thinking" that will really put MT on the map!
I'd like to point out that Montanans are more at risk of losing healthcare, clean water...
public land access and their homes than they are of losing the right to bear arms. But that seem worth tweeting does it?
He's appealing to the folks who believed the Jade Helm conspiracy theory. So very 2015 of you Mr Daines.
I must have missed a news article. Where did you see that?
He's going to take our guns! Where have I heard that before?
Maybe he will be better at it than Obama was?
