@ChickfilA I'm just a man, standing in front of Chick-Fil-A asking them for chicken
Chick-Fil-A's Guerrilla Marketing is insane https://www.sbnation.com/lookit/2017/6/24/15868082/nba-markelle-fultz-chick-fil-a-philadelphia-sixers …
and another one
Chick-Fil-A sponsors bowl games and has an insane advertising budget. They also do this subliminal guerrilla stuff. STAY WOKE.
Kindness is such a greedy subliminal marketing tactic
Bruv you believe this ood man called Chick Fil A for a delivery order during a huricane? Smh
lol yeah actually I can 100%. I know of elderly that eat there every single day. & CFA is known to stay open & offer free food during storms
Give the individual manager credit, not the organization, which donates money to groups with anti-gay agendas.
Because organizations you disagree w/couldn't possibly have a corporate culture of hiring managers who will do extra for their communities?
No because sometimes good people work for evil companies because they're poor. Doesn't mean CFL isn't garbage.
So CFA managers are poor with no other options? My gay students have loved working there. Disagreement is not hate.
Depends on what the disagreement is. If one disagrees that LGBT people should have all the same rights as everyone else, that's hate.
LGBT have all the rights guaranteed by the constitution. I encourage u 2 do critical thinking & research before taking lib causes as gospel.
I'm aware of what the law is. That doesn't change the fact that some people want to change it back, and that CFA gives some of them money.
No one's talkn abt taking away constitutional rights from lgbt. Nor is CFA funding anything that wld. Ur talkn abt marriage, adoption, …
Shehan can you please stop going viral? Thanks
I'm a big deal, Ben
Hahahahahahahahahaha
I refuse to watch this video solely for the reason that Shehan got viral off of it
Heck, my mother commented on it.
I'm hot and bothered that since my initial comment, that video's gotten 30k more views
how many more now

What a heart-warming story of human kindness in 
Left keeps saying how evil Chick Fil A is. Someone did not give that memo to Chick Fil A...

"Tell me how you ended up on a jet ski" .. lol what. I didn't know chick Fila delivered
He's lucky it wasn't Sunday 
Lmaoo
Those danged Christians... you just never know what they'll do!!!
Nothing like objectively attacking gay marriage to bring the community together 
Methinks the doc looks a little light in the loafers!
Thought this was @SenSanders before I turned the sound on 
V
Good thing this guy wasn't married to a dude...they would've sent them some cement shoes 
Actually, Christians are called to be kind to all. Being kind doesn't include excusing sin, however. Im sure they would have still helped
Just a little levity during some hard times...Lighten up Francis
Yes but did they bring the burritos?
And did they get the extra egg?  We need to know. This story is incomplete.
Undefeated indeed
@bjtninetynine See? This. This right here is why we eat at Chick Fil A.
Grilled chicken, fruit, diet lemonade.
Haha such a good listener ;)
I have a good teacher

It was their pleasure, I'm sure.
@_ash_bomb
I fucking love Chick-fil-A
@ohheyyitscori
OMGGGGG hahahahahaha that is amazing
Right?!? Absolutely WILD 
I heard about this guy on GMM!!! @rhettandlink @rhettmc @linklamont
@_amazinglace 
OH MY GOD 
TREY BE LIKE 
GOD DANGIT HAHAHAHA 
Chick fil a is the best, zero competition
@GrantMThomas @davidevers30 @patrick_kell15
He isn’t yelling tho
And wtf?! I sent this a month ago
Why would he call chick-fil-a like that  and were they open through the damn hurricane 
CFA is always open during storms, they're known to hand out free food during them
"Mean Evil" Chic fil a at it again!  God Bless @ChickfilA
@treygenda Chick-fil-A "Rocks"
God bless Chick-Fil-A & GOD BLESS TEXAS
Right on, sis!
Did he get his food though? That's the important part.
under the circumstances i'll bet those were the best burritos ever  
Too bad about all the gaycism tho :(
I'm gay. @ChickfilA treats their gay employees far better than any of the major chains that slap cheap rainbows on everything.
People can not support gay marriage while still respecting gay people. If not, Obama was elected as an evil bigoted homophobe.
I was kind of joking but the groups they donated to were not "just" against gay marriage, you should read up on that.
And I'm not judging you, but what you personally have decided is acceptable isn't determinative of whether or not its homophobic
And I just looked at your profile and now I am judging you and also fuck off.
@drea2624 @MeganLamb21 @rafaelamendez12  wtffff 
Chic Fila out here saving lives
One chicken sammich at a time.
@Chickfila is amazing when it comes 2 helping people in need & they never ask 4 any recogniton.  Maybe a reason Y their business is blessed.
CFA's blessed honoring God w/their business model & closed on Sundays. "We'll increase our revenue the other six days"-Truett Cathy. 
@SurfSerf @KenAm15 @DaKactusMan
Gotta rest on Sunday to be outchea saving loyal customers on Monday #BlessedFilA
I don't even know what to say
Ya don't say anything. You go to the nearest CFA and pay your respects by buying 12pc nuggs, spicy sandy, and grab as many sauces as you can
This the most literal Bless Up I could ever use. Serving Chicken by day,  serving heroism by night.
So nice to see people just genuinely helping each other out no matter your race or political affiliation that's what America is about
So let's get this straight. C-F-A has been physically closer to the Houston survivors than Trump
Ron you are trying to talk logic, they don't understand that language.
Good thing he didn't call McDonalds. They would've said the ice cream machine was broken.
I’ve never been to a McDonald’s where their ice cream machines are down is this actually a joke cause I’m confused with it being viral

@shaayla3
Is there anything Chick-fil-A can't do? @Halles_world
I don't think there is
I did that too
Yes I did
@YoungHungryBoi and I rode in tandem
I was driving tho so like your dick was on my butt
@Yezzir__ 
@ChickfilA never disappoints! 
@laineykinneer @madisonfergz is this what goes on at CFA behind the counter
absolutely
Did they say my pleasure though?
@beanocook1 they may not be open on Sunday but they'll deliver food and pick you up on a jet ski during a fking hurricane
Wow.  RT @chlo_honeydew: RT @ShehanJeyarajah: Chick-Fil-A customer service is UNDEFEATED
@Alisha2Short these people go to the house of the Lord. Where have you been?
Drinking 
Dinner
Sinner*
@lexspitz happy Thursday, I hope this brightens your day 
Sweetie you know me so well!!!!
Those damn Christian workers at Chick Fill A are at it again? Just being Christians. A religion of PEACE, yes.
I for one welcome their spicy chicken sandwich.
I  @ChickfilA
Love this guy!!
Next time someone disparages Chick-Fil-A I will show them this video.
@PoundSign_Pepe and you have the audacity to call chick-fil-a wack lol
Still tastes like shit
He's scorned Matt there's no hope
Jesse taste buds been tasted too much butt in his hay day lmao
@sydkest  bro
Brooke was telling me about this tonight!!!
So shocked ( & happy) that ABC news would run a story favorable to a business that has deep religious roots! Wow! What's going on here?
amen
Surprised they didn't ask him if he was gay first before rescuing him, because that would be against their beliefs.
Or maybe they were far more concerned with helping someone in need who happened to be a customer.
But did he get  his two grilled chicken burritos with extra egg?
Great... now I'm craving carnitas burritos from Del Taco.  BRB
Thank you Chick Fil A and the awesome store manager and her husband.
See this people. Quit hating each other. We all have to share this planet. Love over hate. Who cares what race or background! #loveoverhate
oh dang shee you did the viral tweet
@PatrickRSebanc you seent this bro?
!!!!!!!! Never underestimate the Chick
LA RÉVÉLATION ! http://www.prophete-du-sacre-coeur.com/ 
Did they get their food too?
I wondered that too
I'm guessing they did
@BritB0301 @mybluehumor @dougbies
Hey! Look how tolerant you are of the views of others!
AND you claim to be intolerant of yourself! That's funny!
Is it objectively immoral for anyone to want to outlaw homosexual marriage?
LOL! You just ignored my question!
Good thing it wasn't a Sunday when they are closed or you were gay.  Cause then, no boat
I was focusing on the act of the manager versus the corporation, but you make a good point.
this made me cry
In all fairness, they DID get his order wrong. He ordered a boat, not a jet ski.
No, they DID send a boat. And they threw in a side order of jet ski.
Ah, I didn't see the boat. Serves me right for doubting Chick-Fil-A.
CC: @YaAverageJoe 
Iconic
Why did he call CFA? Seems odd or he knew someone there.
Winner. Winner. Chicken dinner
Two sandwiches and two jet skis to go, please. Priceless.
@yuliya_2696 @SuleimanShadi @DavidGhanayem
@davistyler19  you are not allowed to say another bad thing about Chick-fil-A ever
Angels.  The only fast food joint I can trust
My son works at Chick-Fil-A such a good company - all of his fellow employees are like family
Legendary!
What would of happened if they were gay?
A true Christian organization.
This manager deserves a goddamn round of applause
Awesome!

@dbbrandenburg yet another reason to love them!  
Life is a movie
This might be my favorite internet story for today.  Awesome.
That terrible Christian company. Way to go chick-fil-a
May God continue to bless u
Chick-Fil-A Greatest American company - That actually believe and lives customer first. @ChickfilA
Love @ChickfilA !!!!!!
Lol I've been falling asleep with the TV on and having a lot of weird dreams lately, woke up to this the other morning and wasn't sure...
They must have a new marketing VP.
Okay now...Fan of These peeps forever..
Is TX the only state where chick fil A delivers?
Did they get their chicken burritos with extra egg tho? Service doesn't sound that great if you ask me.. j.k.
This is such a weird, innapropriate RT- what is there really to say?
awesome

Just finished breakfast now.
@jordan_roark_ you already like this! My b
Nice marketing scheme chick fil a
damn...
I Chick-Fil-A!!
Good thing the rescue wasn't needed on Sunday.
Hold on where is this chic fil a that delivered??
AND THAT TIME THIS NICE CASHIER SAID ON THE HOUSE CAUSE I GOT A SMALL FRY AND WAS A DOLLAR SHORT 
Oh wow! Another incredible story of human to human kindness. Wouldn't it be great if it lasted longer than the water?
#beststoryever
Now that's service!
Happy to know that good people still exist.
Love you Chick-Fil-A
@erica_wendt
CHICK FIL A FOREVER 
@KINGBROWN1400
They tried to kill me
@kayceetb
@TylerErickson2
And they have really good chicken! This is awesome.
Ronald Mc Donald will never live this down.
I am so eating at @ChickfilA tomorrow !
Bruh! This manager deserves an award
@vansjensen
OMG
Although great story
@RealAmeet the guys at Blimpee wouldn't have done this for us.....
probably because it was a bootleg blimpee franchise.
We tend to forget that, chick-fil-a runs off of Christian morals
@SuraeMichele and @malea_woods  YES  Chick-fil-A and all the ppl that helped this couple.
Someone does something good and it becomes political. We disagree with something or somebody so it's evil. Robinson is evil
Chick-fill-a is an evil organization that gives loads of money to anti gay organizations. They believe in and promote hate. Not CHRISTIAN
Great service, great food and most important, great morals. USA 
U are one smart man
Ya gotta love this!!!
@alexaraybernal L O L
I'm crying, serving food and saving lives one day at a time
@Christian_2024 @DvnielCruz @AtomicStingRay
I thought Bernie Sanders lived in Vermont??
I'll have a No. 1 with a lemonade and extra chic-fil-a sauce all day long and twice on Sun........shit.
Not twice on Sunday - never on Sunday. You can have it twice on Monday.
Just needed to point out the FLOOD OF HATE chick fila has endured from left
I don't care where I am or what time of day it is, from now on whenever I pass a Chick-Fil-A, I will stop in even if for nothing than a soda
@estherclimaaqeسte
But did they get their food??
hope Chicago doesn't need help like that. Thanks to Rahm, they'll never get the chance to find out.
This literally made me cry...real tears
@screaminmimis1
Maybe @JoelOsteen should take LOVE THY NEIGHBOR notes from Chick-Fil-A instead of making lame excuses.
Yup
That's some quality customer service
@KevOnStage  when chick-fil-a is > life
Undeafeated. Never lost.
lmao exactly what I was thinking
@_NotYourMom
Manager should get the praise, not a company that discriminates against LGBTQ. They will never get my money
I bet they said "my pleasure" instead of your welcome when he tried to thank them.
Can't beat that Chick-fil-A service!
Let this be a lesson to you, Joel Osteen.
Chick-fil-a is awesome!
@dancathy this why @ChickfilA is who we are. 1John 4:8
Love this.
@ChickfilA please do something special for this manager if you haven't already...AMAZING!!!!
@samsyburg @Douggfreshh @Good_Ry_Hunting @ryanpost22 YOOOOO
OMG ! WOW! DO YOU LIBERAL'S SEE THE BLACK MAN SAVING THE WHITE LADY ! NO WAY !? THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE WERE SUPPOSED TO BE DIVIDED ! #TEXAS/MAGA!
I will forever support Chick-Fil-A.
And yet the Left will argue that Americans aren't great people and put down Chick-Fil-A is an evil company because they disagree with them.
@alexis_rose6
@drama1112
I should just take the L now 
MAGA! Build more Chick-Fil-A
The people of the Most High God 
Chick-fil-a brings take out to a whole new level!
and what exactly does Chick Fil A have to do with Montana, Mr. Daines? Nothing. Just more right wing crap coming out of your mouth as usual
Love my Chick-Fil-A!! Great story on saving these awesome people!
@w_terrence have you seen this?!?!? @ChickfilA is unstoppable!!
McDonald's rolls their eyes when I ask for the straw they forgot to give me. No it's not in my bag.
I rolled up to Taco Bell at 10pm on Friday and they said, "were closed" lmao
YOU'RE FAMOUS! 
What a Story !!!!! #HarveysHeroes 
@ChickfilA 
Wonderful, heart warming story!!
*As long as you're straight, white, Christian, and Republican.
