Thank you @VP & ThomTillis for selling America out to Putin. You will be remembered for this when the economy and climate gets bad.
SBA is rolling in her grave for #GOP stance that domestic abuse and rape are pre-existing conditions.
I'mma need you to take Susan B. Anthony's name out your mouth.
"I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do, because I notice it always coincides with their own desires."
@ThomTillis To that end, I'd like to propose enactment of an annual invitation to the reading of D.O.I.
And yet you continue to take away women's rights! #GOPAssholes
Are ya sure you know who she was? I'm not sure you do
Well, she didn't have access to health care either and was a second class citizen so you're on your way.
As long as you have money and good health.....
Co-optation. Holmes, she would turn over in her grave. Stop.
Shut up Mike. You are terrified of women.
Except anybody who doesn’t have the same religious beliefs as you or the LGBT community or Mexicans or Muslims.  A woman of color who fought for women’s rights and the sufferage Is turning in her grave. Jesus wept
@TheMorningSpew 
Don't believe a thing he's a lier !
Women will be so much happier when their maternity care doesn't have to be covered by their insurance plan. Mike, what a let down.

Trump & Pence a couple of flim flam artists. Both need to be jailed along with their GOP coherts!
.Amen A truly amazing person in history!
This from a guy who's too afraid to be alone with women? Pussy...
Beautiful!
As long as it is for the well-to-do!
Your party is against voting rights. Do you read the news?
You, Pence are a liar and a snake.
As long as you're rich right?
How dare you include a women who fought for womens rights if you signed a bill that denies women the healthcare they deserve.
Um, what a disgrace. How dare you quote a woman and then throw is under the bus with such joy!!!!
Wow...do you even know what she stood for?  Wait... no, because you probably can't read about her without your wife.
Except for BLACKS, LATINOS, MUSLIMS and other minorities groups that RACIST GOP hates and the women who popular vote LOSER Trump ASSAULT
We've got to straighten out the Civil War first
need to impeach Trump & get all the unqualified, anti-intellectual hateful minions out first.  They all will have a special place in hell
You're disgusting Mike. Susan B Anthony would revile you and sycophant Steve
I'm sure Susan B. Anthony would spit in your face.
Your party wants to deny millions of people health care to give the richest people in the country a tax break.
Don't malign the name of SBA with your unfair treatment against women. You and your boss are taking America backwards.
Oh please. Your boss thinks Susan B. Anthony is having tea with Frederick Douglass and he's wondering if she's grab worthy. #susanishot

It's morally questionable to vote on something without knowing its cost or consequences. http://www.npr.org/2017/05/04/526854352/gop-expected-to-pass-its-health-care-bill-at-long-last-but-still-a-long-way-to-g?utm_source=facebook.com&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=npr&utm_term=nprnews&utm_content=20170504 …

Wasn't she gay though?
That includes reproductive rights as well. No birth control assistance; no Viagra or colas!
Staggering hypocrisy.  Truly staggering.  Do you actually believe your own b.s.?  Nice and loud now...YOU ARE NOT PRO-LIFE.
Your record and your actions are the exact opposite of pro-life.
After watching @HandmaidsOnHulu Mike Pence realizes it's not just eating dinner that he's allowed to do so long as Mother is in the room
Since I started watching @HandmaidsOnHulu I keep having this nightmare where @VP is just there, smiling.
Wall Street is full of crooks and they  need to be watched very closely. SEC needs to step it up or at least reawaken after last obama term
For white peoples only
@realDonaldTrump @potus @vp @WhiteHouse 
Make America great again.
Respectfully, please resign.
hey Fake Christian, providing health care is pro life. Thanks for admitting that the GOP are not-pro life, they are pro-forced birth

It's Christian SUPREMACY.  Don't let them spin it as"religious liberty" They blv OUR constitutional liberties derive fr THEIR gay-hating God 
White men have been for their own LIBERTY not others. Otherwise you would respect choices that come with different beliefs & values.#Freedom
Was your wife there? Because you're not allowed to eat unless she's present.
Oh, we are striving, alright. #resist
Do NOT use Susan B to promote your misogynisic, control freak agenda.
Your religious beliefs are personal to you. You demean the office of the VP when you try to inflict them on others.
You are incapable of it.

On #nationaldayofprayer take a minute and pray for those who are fighting battles against illnesses.

#VoteNoAHCA #voteno on repealing #ACA 
Thomas Jefferson wrote those words.
Mr. Vice President you could end this national nightmare by invoking the 25th Amendment. Trump is unbalamced mentally. Please take power.
I am pleased to see your comments, Vice President Pence. No dpubt Trump knows nithing about her and thinks she is still alive.
By continuing to restrict voter access...
Let's not forget Susan B. was a feminist. How's lobbying for women's rights going?
And Susan would roll in her grave if she were alive to see your administration.
lets do it  by introducing a health bill that fucks over millions of people
Liberty=CHOICE
Susan B Anthony was a patriot! You are not! You put party before country! Shame on you fake VP.
you're joking right  you guys are not for real are you
Is there anything you people can't debase? SBA is rolling in her grave
Excellent !
Dick for brains speaks blasphemy.
But you just agreed to fund Planned Parenthood? You caved and lied to us.
You're mistaken on that issue. Do some research.
I already have.
Let Freedom Ring Loudly across America & God bless us all!
...by shilling for a POTUS who objectifies women as things to be conquered...makes perfect sense
How do you look at yourself in the mirror?
Do you actually believe the shit you say??  #Hypocrites
Please, had you been running things then, I bet you'd be thrilled she got arrested for voting.
#CULT45  LOLZ  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA  RUSSIA 
While @HouseGOP plots to make motherhood uninsurable, you talk about "life".
Sure!
Thanks for your inspiring speech, Vice President Pence. Lovely.

I agree. Does this mean you and Potus will be resigning?
You have not a clue about how to work as Susan B. Anthony.  She was for women, for all, you and your fellows are a disgrace. Just STOP
lets strive to finish the work of Abraham Lincoln and allow all people rights over thier own bodies.
Please stop talking.
that would require your acknowledgement of LGBTQI Americans, minorities and immigrants. You don't have a heart to do this
Pretty sure Susan B Anthony would support prenatal care
Susan B. Anthony would literally be repulsed by you and your body of work.
In the fight against terrorism, there must be radical solutions in the sense of wiping the blood, not treating the wound. Ehab
You will not become President when Trump is impeached. We are fixing you a suite right next door to Trump's @ the FEDERAL HOTEL of JUSTICE
Dear mr pence then help humanity with alien disclosure and help us with gifts for humanity cures and new healing technologies
Technologies to cure PTSD to help people walk again to help limbs regrow help the 300,000 homeless veterans with shelter and funding
*liberty for men only
You've got a lot of nerve!

Susan B. Anthony would be ashamed of you. SAD.
As long as you're born healthy and stay healthy, have family money to send you to college, and are white.
What? How is what you are doing promoting women? Ignorant hypocrite.
that does NOT mean having a rapists child.
for who? Islam?
Please, stop being a hypocrite.
Somebody remind me to exchange my Susie B dollars-they've been devalued.
Susan B Anthony wouldve been wearing a pussyhat&marching on Jan 21st w/us all if she were alive today. She would be appalled by this admin.
Susan is turning in her grave after that fictitious tweet.
She is turning in her grave. Have you seen the daily pics of POTUS with all white men EVERY DAY!!!!?!?!!?
Apparently only for the healthy and wealthy
Fake VP
You are so anti woman.  Don't even try to pretend.
Susan B Anthony would have hated your guts - She'd have been first in line st the Women's March!!!
This whole administration and especially *45 are an insult to her memory. How dare you even utter her name. Shame on you all.
you think that with humor and foul language everything is solved?
Vice President Penceさん

Let's strive to finish the work of ◯◯

Thank you very much

@VP #America
As a young woman you really just pissed me off lady!
VP Pence.
he personally has done everything? When? Where? What? I've never even heard of goddamn
ensure life. Haha. So you decided to take health insurance away from 20 million. I hope you have nightmares every night.
As long as she is white and christian. You black soul hypocrite.
What the hell kind of Bullshit is that
except if they're sick. Or gay. Or are poor and need help. Then that "life" thing is not a thing. They're not real "lives"
Unless you're a woman who desires sovereignty over her own body or a LGBTQ person in need of medical care.
YOU MAKE ME WANT TO VOMIT.
It's happening now.
Keep up the great work Vice President Pence
Your healthcare monstrosity will actually take life away. Did you write this for only the wealthy donors you and yours are catering to?
@VP Which is why those kids are suing you, to make sure they have the clean air and water to do so. Tell EPA to help w that!
Right!  For all of you and your wealthy cronies.
That would be great if your actions match your words.  Feed the hungry, clothe the naked, provide shelter for the homeless
Then your going to quit? Awesome
Life? For whom, ppl like you? Sick ppl, poor ppl, older ppl--we're all getting screwed by you tomorrow. You are hateful with a rotten soul.
You will never abolish abortion by passing Cesar's laws. Only truly loving your neighbor can. This is the opposite of Christianity.
Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
That's  America.
GOD BLESS you  @VP 

We appreciate you.
You have got to be kidding me. Delusional much?
#findamoralcompass what are you going to do to ensure that once they are born? #cantwaitformidterms2018 #saveACA
#SaveACA #SavetheACA
If you are an example of what Christianity is in this country, I want no part of it. You are an immoral,uncaring hypocrite of the worst kind
And "who gave you your manners?""
This is incredibly insulting.  I've built up a tough exterior and I read a lot of crap everyday,  but this...this is just so insulting.
Hoooray!!!
Life is losing because of you, Pence.
congratulations on being the first openly gay vice president
