Trump was ok with the KKK endorsement
FAKE NEWS
David Dukes comments today. So, no, not fake news
David Duke today in #Charlottesville talking how how the hate rally "fulfills the promises of Donald Trump." 
David Duke does not speak for Trump. It is ridiculous to think he does
Nobody said he speaks for Trump but the argument was that the KKK doesn't endorse him. The reality is they do&they think he endorses them
But he doesn't. We are not going to come together as a country until the Left stops attacking our President. U may not like him but he's urs
I'll stop attacking him when he acts attacking our institutions, our intelligence agencies and his own people. He needs to act presidential
The intelligence agencies, judicial and other depts are infested w self serving partisans credit to Obama. The Samp is hard to drain
But it's ok for Black nationalists to protest? That's not bigotry? Typical liberal rhetoric. White lives DO matter! We are the 2nd class now
David. You are insane if you think that's true. http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/07/01/racial-gender-wage-gaps-persist-in-u-s-despite-some-progress/ …  The only place where equity exists is in unionized workplaces.
What's that got to do with whites being called racist for doing the same thing black groups do?
Exactly.....
David, your statement is like saying:" Why are Jews angrier at Nazis than Germans who weren't targeted by them?"
When " accidental " killings of blacks and whites by scared police officers are the same percentage, you can talk.
If you are Japanese and your family lived in an internment camp... you can be whiny. Otherwise, NO.
https://twitter.com/tomperriello/status/896385195833790465 … If this doesn't alarm you... you don't love America.
To be clear, these are NOT national guard but racist private militias posing as state actors to protect nazis and provoke. 
The KKK leader did endorese Trump right?
And the black panthers supporting Obama is ok, right?
Have not seen any KKK...only citizens not wanting their heritage destroyed.
Citizens chanting Nazi songs with swastikas ... you good with that?
No I AM NOT ok with it nor am I OK with the "other" citizens doing the same thing! Flag waving, name calling etc...
Black thugs walking the streets with beat sticks is not ok either!
Who said it is? And why the use of the word Thug?
On both sides. Why would alt Left, antifa types go confront emotional white supremacists?  To cause trouble.
There is no call for this or anyother violence.
If yur white and u protest yur a bigot and racist if yur black and u protest yur just standing up for yur rights this has got to change
Exactly!
There we go, call it what it really is @FoxNews
Very wrong sweet! no surprise, it comes from fox news
Be CRYSTAL CLEAR !!! SAY THEIR NAMES!!! BE SPECIFIC. Show some REAL backbone.
At least Paul Ryan hates all you racist Trump Supporters. #ResistanceRyan
You part of this plot? This is a planned make the pres look bad game. You are busted.
Wonder if u felt same w Panthers, BLM, radical Muslims etc
@ProPublica is a reliable source. https://www.propublica.org/article/police-stood-by-as-mayhem-mounted-in-charlottesville … Why were police ALLOWING Nazis to beat up their victims?
Captain Obvious.
Then don't post Fox. @gop U OWN THIS. You support a white supremist in the WH.
1 Dead protesting for peace, 2 officers killed, at a NAZI rally, in the USA. 2017 

http://www.latimes.com/nation/nationnow/la-na-charlottesville-white-nationalists-rally-20170812-story.html … 
It's only an issue because you want to remove our history..what if we removed everything that was about MLK?
I don't condone nazism but I also don't condone hate groups like antifa and blm. You can't give one a voice and not the other
Ppl who don't stand up against racism and stays quiet is. Racist
surprising that fox news would come out against racism when they strongly support racist Trump.
Exactly david. Only blacks are allowed to march and protest oh wait shouldve been Alm because BLM is raciest
I disagree with racism and the media thought the BLM was ok and should happen. Speaking from bothsides of the mouth on this.
wonder why there is an upheaval as of late? this propaganda machine should take some credit!
I am 66. How long are you going to TALK about racism and violence before you stop using it for political gain.
Wake up! Open your eyes! This is coming to a head! This needs to happen! It should have happened 50 years ago! Fuck the "Great Society"!
This guy is funny. Both sides are white people.
I agree ....,Antifa and BLM MUST be defeated !
White Christian Terrorism, 
backed by @foxandfriends @FoxNews and the Republican Nazi Party.
Bigotry Hate Racism really? I don't remember Fox denouncing DJT delegitimizing the first Black President underlying message for 8 yrs!Seeds!
Yes denying people their right to freedom of speech is racism
Never mind other countries Trump. America is going to destroy itself from within.
High time to recognize that Confederate States of America was about states rights...to own slaves and empower wealthy white guys
Except when we untie against Trumps bigotry and racism? FOXNEWS is hypocritical
Our President @realDonaldTrump validates their actions through his & all he has to tweet is "sad"
What a coincidence: those were the exact words which came out of my mouth when Donald Trump gave his first campaign speech.
That would be more reassuring if we could actually see you and know you aren't part of the Nazi crowd.
Hmmm... I seem to remember people marching demanding that "pigs fry like bacon" and that was okay with you.  #CuckedMindset #Cuckservative
This is what FOX trump news has created
Was Senator Daines hot to come on Fox to denounce BLM and their blunt calls for assassination of police officers that actually occurred? SMH
Just like black lives matter who are very racist hateful mob
this is precisely what 62 million Americans voted FOR!!!!!
Agreed. And the left and media should have been just as quick to condemn the conduct of the UC-Berkeley students who demonstrated
Looky, looky, whose up for reelection! BLM can say & do what ever they want but let whites make a voice & all the PC politicians crawl out.
Trump started this !
Trump Era America
Both sides
Assume you weren't referring to the statue? R E Lee was an honorable man who was wrong. Maligning Confederacy won't change it. Learn from it
At least they aren't burning down their own city.
What is the last deep conversation you have had with citizens of color?
What does that even mean, deep. Lol.
Beginning of the uprising!!! Revolution! 
and calling them bigots and racists without CALLING OUT the anarchist's who have been going against our country more and more then??????
Like everyone that wants to preserve our history is racist... What happened to: "He who forgets the past is destined to repeat it?!?
not only that. but there is much that is not being said about what the USA and LINCOLN did to the SOUTH. THOSE are OUR FAMILY!
Get this boob reporter out of there! They are not "supremists"
No we don't
It is freedom of speech and expression.......I don't see any buildings burning, or cars on fire.......America has had enough of fake news..
ANY group that puts themselves above another is WRONG. We need to united.  ALL of us
Your trump supporters helped create this climate. Thanks #Trumptards.
this is Trump values
i don't think you know your viewers, fox.  according to them these guys are being called racist by LUBRULS for "telling the truth".
So if black lives matters did this would this be bigotry or just freedom of speech and acceptable.
leftist radicals are going to cause another civil war if they don't stop removing our Confederate Monuments & destroying our heritage.
Which ones? United the Right, ANTIFA or BLM?  Or all of them?
The removal of the statue is causing the problem, just leave history alone.
Finally came out of hiding when you thought it would do you some good...@SteveDaines ...you are pathetic!
This is no different than the BLM movement
This is @FoxNews psychology trying to get support to rally against @POTUS..& to let in the invasion ..But it's a secret to the gullible..
These may just be the views that have been ignored for far too long and because of that we have now got this.
Many work on TV...they are Democrats and Republicans...they just hate us and keep us down with doors closed and drugs in the hood.
This behaviour started at Barkley.
You know who hit the first stone, don't you.

Who's planting wind will harvest storm.
Some might even call them a "basket of deplorables".
Comments are disturbing.  I don't like term BLM, but they weren't condemning all other races. These nazis are filled with bigotry and hate.
Mark Levine is full of partisan bull on what the protesters are about.
#Trump #MAGA @realDonaldTrump @POTUS legitimized this. This is racism feeling permissible.
Media is fanning the flames of this story, Alt Right, White Nationalists, KKK, local residents don't want history rewritten!
But BLM riots are ok?
What do you have against Jews? I don't get it. They did nothing to you. I even wonder if u have met  a Jew in your town .
These are the views of Trump supporters!
There's wrong on both sides!
Yes, just like black people should oppose BLM and Muslims should oppose terrorism and liberals should oppose Antifa. Get it?
Stop trying to create globalization w/n America. Congress has divided this country. Except Trump we need complete replacement of government!
They are all Trump supporters...sad.
It's so wrong to point out bigotry, racism &hatred of right groups when similar equal bigotry, racism&hatred exists in left groups
Why doesn't FOX ask those carrying the Confederate flag who they voted for president, who their guy is?
I agree the bigotry, racism and hatred are all spewing from BLM and the snowflakes. Our history is what made us who we are now.
Tell the rest of the FOX News staff, maybe they will speak truth and condemn racism/hatred regarding the "ALT RIGHT"
Just who decided what is bigotry & racism? YOU? Gov is soooo over line dictating 2 Americans. Congress is so full of themselves! NOT ROYALTY
And this is any different than Black Lives Matter?
TRUMPF, BANNON, GORKA, SINCLAIR MEDIA, FOX, ALEX JONES, TRENT FRANKS, BREITBART ALT-RIGHTISTS, ET AL, R COMPLICIT RE CHARLOTTESVILLE TODAY!
Black students are voluntarily segregating with black only safe spaces, and you don't expect the KKK to celebrate? You're invigorating them.
Interesting. Looks like you're blaming soley the Right for this. What about the violent Left and their hideous behavior?
As a Senator, how does it NOT make sense to quote the Constitution when talking about this kind of stuff??? Destroying History is OK???
You should say the same for the blm and antifa there as well


These r actions of Americans being stripped of freedoms & pride. What harm is statue? As proud American I have come 2 despise this gov!
All the while our history is being rewritten by the libertards
It's so nice to see those Confederate flag flying along side the American flag, I don't see any American flags on the BLM side...

Don't remember this when ANTIFA comes out in full force!


FOX, SINCLAIR GROUP, ALEX JONES, BANNON, GORKA, MILLER ENJOYED THIS CRAP AT TRUMPF CAMPAIGN RALLIES; WHY R U SURPRISED NOW @ WHAT RESULTED?
Gee, if only someone had called them Deplorable???
Who, guaranteed, gets thier news from you.
The bigotry is yours, those on left that promote violence and do nothing to prevent it. The governor knew #Leftists would do so, did nothing
Why are these same things not said to BLM rallies??? They can openly state whites should be killed off and they get support. #RealFascism
Fox News audience right here:
GOP:
You might not like it,
but this is your base.
Where is your condemnation?
…
Yes this is a ruse. We haven't been this way. It's just ignited again. Let's unite. All of us again.
YOU are complicit with raising the spector of fascism out of the ideological toilet!
What a joke.
This is the trump ase that watches Fox News so spare us ur bullshit we have these kind of ppl in the WHBANNON GORKA MILLER N MANY MORE
This is not about racism Daines and you know that and is the reason you will be voted out of office.
General Lee supported the emancipation of slaves and was amongst the finest military officers our nation ever produced. Ignorance of history
Why is it racism when Caucasians gather to advocate for themselves, but not so when ANY other group of color do the same??  So hypocritical.
Soon enough, caucasians will be the minority in US.  Then will it be ok?  How about EVERYBODY is treated equally and NOT given special....
...treatment.  Diversity is great, but for too long, higher ed, corporations, etc have placed quotas in hiring and admissions.  Should be...
...best person who gets the job, scholarship, admissions. Stop connecting whites who advocate for their own rights to the KKK or ....
QUIT removing CONFEDERATE STATUES!!
Yes,remove all statues of the traitors of the USA.
@realDonaldTrump & supporters questioned birthplace of @BarackObama, but not of Ted Cruz...why? Comon, we all saw #Charlottesville coming!
This is not about racism...it's about the history of OUR COUNTRY!!!!!
So now the BLM will start setting fires and looting and beating people and tearing the town up, right??
Why are whites the only nationalist? Aren't BLM & NAACP black nationalist?
Why is it when white Americans protest it's a state of emergency? But when the African Americans  protest and riots erupt it's not???
Because of this POS.
What? The statue "not so great"
Dysfunction, radical & criminal actions in our 2 Party System is a catalyst for the quantum destructive action in American.
This is what Trump has done for us. He must be so proud right about now.
it's hard to separate the various groups as too who are the bigots & more bias. Removing the statues electret decision not city Council.
...said the network that whipped people into a frenzy against our nation's first black president.
This is what this network has worked so hard to accomplish. This should be a proud day for the staff and owners at @FoxNews
Why the outrage? I don't see Mc Cauliff ever condemn Black Lives Matter. It is simple backlash. All of a sudden it is a big deal.
Trump is ok with it though
Taking down a statue won't stop racism , it's just fuels the  it's our heritage
Absolutely
Would be great for the president to chime in.
Top down approach would be nice, but no word from our president and during his campaign he encouraged violence, the KKK, White Nationalists
How about this Senator? Any thoughts?
This is what DT and his advisors are doing to USA. These negative people should be rejected by good people of the country
Got spam?
This is your @GOP in action. You get what you voted for.
How about we just ban ALL hate groups. Black and white any any other color?
So the funny the difference in media response. Today its we need to reject this view. But when when BLM and ANTIFA protest it's justified
Very disappointed FOX reporter described white protestors as "Supremacists"
Me too. "Nazis" would have been much more accurate given the flags, swastika pins, and Nazi salutes.
Because that's all your rose colored glasses COULD see
always trying to divide and label events " us and them".
@realDonaldTrump Thanks, Trump.
Wow. Maybe you can now demand the nazis Bannon gorka and Miller be removed from the White House.
I say again. With schools slamming whiteness. What did anyone think would happen. Being White is not a disease it's a shade of color.
basis of this rally will be on display. Of course the MSM will try to blame Trump when he reality this was obamas dream to divide. He was
So it's ok for black ppl to assemble & chant "black lives matter", but it's not ok for white ppl to assemble &say "white lives matter"? Why?
After all, He can"t lose the last vestiges of his support base. Condemning them is not an option. Putin and this Mob is all he has left.
Does this mean all our civil war monuments are to go away?
If you erase mistakes you can not look bad and see how to avoid them. This is not racist. Of course on both sides hatred that was not the
I wrote this before I saw the pictures of nazi flags. I could erase my Tweet but I'm acknowledging my history and seeing my mistake. Get it?
Fascist Left are no different than ISIS destroying/rewriting history removing Lee statue. ANTIFA are the fascists.
USA honoring globalism turned multiracial to elicit work productivity but as aftermath turmoiled by bigotry & racism.
THIS IS @realDonaldTrump !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They are trying to erase and rewrite history. History is a country's DNA, and good or bad it is a roadmap of how a country became what it is
They're removing statues not burning books.
How about Blk supremesist or muslum, or Leftist rascist ?! This is what Whites r fed up with hearing this, doesn't affect anymore.
No comment yet from @POTUS.  Speaks volumes.
Americans have become immune to words bigotry and racism because it is always used by Liberals inappropriately.
You're missing the point. Violence is what should be condemned, not free speech.
