Who gives a fuck? Is he going to fight for his constituents to have healthcare? Yes. That is much more than I can say for you or Gianforte.
He should focus on other hobbies! Democratic Candidate Is Also A Frequent Performer At Nudist Camp http://dailycaller.com.ln.is/eXlmc  via @dailycaller
When this guy starts bragging about grabbing the nudists by their genitals we can talk.
With or without consent because according to Trump he said "they LET" which indictionary also means allow which also means consent
Hilarious!What's funnier than rich old white guys abusing power in order to emotionally scar women for the rest of their lives? #rapeculture
I don't know liberals seem to talk out of both sides of their ass on this one Mate!
Trump didn't mack on girls when he was married, whereas Slick Willy stuck cigars in an interns vagina in Oval Office while Pres and married!
 WTF? Democratic Candidate Is Also A Frequent Performer At Nudist Camp http://dailycaller.com.ln.is/07LkB  via @dailycaller
Maybe he doesn't feel the need to hide his lack of balls behind a rifle like you and your buddies do. Grow a pair and protect us, our lands.
Are you a city slicker?
Which is why I can make fun of these dudes and their wannabe country.
@FoxNews @montanastate @1025mountainfm vote vote vote Gianforte, jobs, love 4nature,not more radical dem deception Quist & Montana elitists
If it were up to Gianforte the public could not fish because there would be no public access.
Read both sides to be better informed. Quit listening to MSM, ie mainstream media
Quit listening to mainstream media and quit making assumptions that Independents get their information from it.
Rob Quist doesn't even know how to safely hold a gun, which is obvious in his commercial. So, good thing he's not out there hunting. #mtpol
That's why Quist has to use Barney Fife's "One round in the shirt pocket" ammo management technique.
Rob Quist doesn't even know how to safely hold a gun, which is obvious in his commercial. So, good thing he's not out there hunting. #mtpol 
Yep, using Barney Fife's technique proves he's a Fake Sportsman & NOT a real Montana cowboy. #mtpol #mtal #VoteQUISTforGunControl #NRAAM2017
Wow, is all I have to say
Oh no! Here I sit clutching my pearls, wondering what this evil man Mr. Quist has been doing instead of having a fishing license! #WhoCares
So you have to hunt or fish to hold office in Montana? Anyone who thinks that does not share American values.
@MontanaHighTech @FoxBusiness vote vote vote Gianforte  for jobs ,not Rob singer songwriter & Montana elitists radicals
Senator, please just do your job.
I don't think I have, either... maybe 12 years for fishing... Born here 34 years ago. Are you trying to say I'm not a Montanan?
He is saying Quist made a claim to being a hunting Montanan by using his gun, false advertising.
So what? Neither have I. But i was born and raised in Montana. So was Quist. But your carpet bagger friend Gianforte wasnt!
Who the F cares? A LOT of Montanans don't hunt or fish. It's OKAY.
And this is important because...? Finish your thought on that one.
Your our best advocate for @RobQuistforMT. Keep promoting JersyGianforte
I've never had either, but I defend the right. Not crazy about the killing of prairie dogs with young just for media coverage, though.
I defend hunting them due to the damage they cause to the lands if not hunted. City people will never understand.
You assume wrong. I'm not "city' and do know the damage. Still, I can't support deliberately killing mothers with young for photo op.
That means nothing. I've never had either license and I love Montana where I was born and raised just like Quist. You have no point here.
Obviously the Dems didn't think about vetting their candidate. GO GREG!
This link says “MSA is non-partisan but there is NO doubt, Rob is indeed the sportsmen/women’s candidate!” MSA= Mt Sportsmen Alliance. Rob!
Playing guitar at a resort and fishing license tally? That's the best you got? Telling your base what they want to hear might not be enough
Jesus you and Greg are pathetic. You are embodying tribalism. Start talking about what Greg wants for policy instead of demonizing Rob.
Who cares? Not everybody murders wildlife for sport.
I
He's been busy
You just want all the magnificent defenseless animals for yourself - it's so easy for you to be a coward & murder them #trumprussia
So is he a poacher or just a liar??
Well that seems like sound policy debate. Maybe he's been focused on actual issues. Another campaign run by preying on the ignorant.
Back to your stump Jr! Take Daines with you
So what? Neither have I.
.@SteveDaines @DonaldJTrumpJr maybe he can buy a pair of those dirty pants that Nordstrom Sells for over $400. to look like a Worker? 
New regs for 2017 are out in my State. Nothing better than harvesting your own wild game.
Unlike you, you big strong man, killing little animals.
Quist full of excuses just like a politician.
So? Neither have I.  4th generation Montanan.  With all your money you should hire a publicist. You need one to edit your tweets. FFS
Apparently Quist forgot there are actual records that show he's not truthful re hunting and fishing. Or he did it illegally, no license.
Rob Quist is your average Democratic candidate. Like HRC he lies about everything and his personal life is a train wreck of bad judgement.
Wow, I love how some of these elites think the rules don't apply to them. So tired of the lack of integrity and honesty. Smh...
Doesn't mean he can't support it you numbskull! At least he is not a coward like you!!
Love all these idiot comments coming from people that don't even live in Montana. Let them chase Russia/Trump while U get things done!
Whacked out GOP.
This is what you worry about if so your pathetic. Worry about the environment healthcare the Russia investigation s seeing Trump's taxes
Why does that matter? Trump is trying to frack our public lands and you don't have the balls to stop him. Nor does Gianforte. Quist does.
Guess what? I've never had a hunting license. Oh noes. Guess I'm not a real country girl. I can cut and wrap a deer better than you I bet
And your point is? Its not a requirement for living here.
Does smoking weed make you feel smarter?
Your shallowness has no bounds. As if all REAL montana citizen are judged by what they kill

How inconsequential can a person be....clearly demonstrates that you should not occupy the office of Montana's Jr. Senator...UNBELIEVABLE!
HE IS A LEFT WING DEM WHO CAN'T RELATE TO TRUE MONTANA VALUES !!! MDP WON'T PRODUCE PEOPLE LIKE MM OR MB ANY MORE !!!
Lol oh Steve get over it
your pathetic attempt at misdirection is totally instep with the trump/putin presidency. go comrade daines!!
Is your dad Mike?
this type of dialogue is malicious and beneath a Montanan. I, too, am native. Hunted & fished too. It doesn't define me as MT.
Your pal Zinke didn't own property in MT & spent most of his time in California-that didn't seem to bother you, but a fishing license does??
Ryan Zinke was a Navy Seal for twenty three years. No Navy Seal bases in Montana.
While that is true, Zinke wasn't in the SEALS ( retired 2008 ) when he was our congressman, now was he?
But he's out shooting at a TV/Gianforte commercial!
That's how we decide now? Couldn't afford fishing last yr&don't hunt cause I like my weekends, gonna take away my residency?
so what? I have lived here all my life and could say the same! That's not why I vote for people. Idiot
This is an excellent example why you should be voted out of office.
Are you implying that he's a poacher or that he does indeed represent the avg Montanan (>80% who don't hunt, per FWP).
Dude. You need to concentrate on your job, serving Montanas and not bash this candidate who may very well be serving with you in Congress.
Because hunting/fishing have sooo much to do with being a good MT Rep.. but how would know since you won't meet with your constituents?
Ohhh noooo~~~~ /s
