And why white life's matter, shouldn't you be color blind and all life's matter
First, the plural of life is 'lives'. Second, how were you ever oppressed?
Of course there are, and they should be condemned as well. But that's not what I asked. How have you ever been oppressed?

Imagine if these people ever faced actual oppression. 
I think your wife spanks you too much on late Friday evenings...
Sub @realDonaldTrump & 'alt right' & 'white supremacy' in this 2015 @SteveDaines statement 4 modern context:

https://www.daines.senate.gov/news/press-releases/daines-obama-administrations-refusal-to-acknowledge-islamic-extremism-jeopardizes-american-strategy-in-middle-east …
Can you help me I'm letting everyone know this the head of the hiv std hep c sec is trying to cover this up I want this to go to the court
If you believe that, you should stop blindly supporting Trump. You should also insist Steve Miller & Steve Bannon be exiled from the WH.
I'm a research librarian. I do my own research. Stop making assumptions about other people's media consumption and gullibility.
I'm going to let everyone know there's fraud going on in the state health department hiv std hep c sec I'm going to the court's
What say ye @gop? Looks like you support this Nazi.
It should not take the President of the United States three days to read a carefully worded statement condemning racism and Nazis
Don't be complicit.
All true! Now convince your president!  David Duke is delighted & says they are determined do what Trump promised..."take back 'our' country
Say his name, Steve.  President Trump is dividing us.  Stop being complicit
This is domestic terrorism caused by white supremacists that uses @realDonaldTrump to defend their cause.....
Now maybe you should denounce the genius that is @realDonaldTrump. Tell him to quit while he's behind. Your friend Gianforte is oddly silent
I agree. @POTUS said some white supremacists are "fine people." He is a neo-Nazi sympathizer, divisive, unfit to lead. 25th amend., please.
Thanks for showing you still do have a backbone. Use it to get the racist bigot out of the White House. Now is the time to show you mean it.
Still can't call out Donald Trump by name. Just vague politician-speak.  Stand up and be on the right side of history.
the ideas we HAVE To reject is the destruction of our history and our heroes! Robert E, Lee is MOST CERTAINLY one of our greatest HEROES!
Why is Robert E Lee a hero?
They are being judged by the more's of today and its disgusting to watch.  In time past they were made US VETERANS and this is HORRIFYING!
Perfect, now join @SenBobCorker in admitting the president does not reject it, and is not fit for office as a result.
This is disgusting. What does lapdog steve say? Did you find your backbone yet?
These are the talking points the White House sent out to Republicans in Congress tonight: "The President was entirely correct." 
Sorry Stevie - As Captain Gus McCrae says, "You ride with an outlaw, you die with an outlaw."
Senator: @POTUS has retracted his denouncement of the nazis at #Charlottesville. Say something about it! Get your party involved!
You should probably let @realDonaldTrump know.
If you believe this, then take a stand against the presidents press conference today
Soooooo? What do you say about that press conference?
They're TRUMP voters, Sen Daines.  Have anything to say about that?
And the Hillary supporters have been burning cities for months, and a Bernie supporter shot up a Congressional baseball practice.. all shit
@SteveDaines hope you'll encourage the House to do something about the hate residing at the White House #impeachtrump
POTUS today supported and defended the racists and Nazis. Good people don't march with Nazis. You must call Trump unfit unless you agree
Talk is cheap, Stevie.  Do something and stop supporting a president who supports this rhetoric!
Words are no longer adequate it's time for the GOP to lead & #impeachTrump
Perhaps you should advocate for the removal of the confederate statue in Helena, considering it was erected in 1915.

You banned Coretta Scott King's letter from being read because it pointed out Bigotry & Racism. You are embarrassing
Stopping short of calling it terrorism though? You are nearly as gutless as our President. Why don't you do something about it? Thanks.
Thanks Senator Daines! I've never thanked you before and barely ever agree with you, but I REALLY appreciate you speaking out on this.
Does your daughter, @Caroline_Daines , reject them? Haven't heard a peep about James Allsup from her College Republican org. at @WSUPullman.
Educate yourself. Antifa is Soros funded, Communism. Communism is thriving in our school systems, Hollywood, and the media.
We agree on very, very little, but we agree on this. Thank you for standing up and being clear even when our President refuses to do so.
Other words to use when denouncing this hate & bigotry, White Supremacists, Nazis, Terrorism. What keeps you from using these words? #mtpol
This is partial...say their name.
Yes, BUT your President Trump instigates & supports this racist movement, as proven by his pre election rallies. What will U do? Denounce?
I wouldn't hold your breath, Shana.
#DumpTrump. It's not too late. Resist bigotry. Resist anti Semitism. And resist the societal ills promoted by the GOP endorsed by a POTUS
We do. Do you? Take a stand when it's not trendy and we'll see.
Um, we do reject them. It is a small group but the violence should never have happened.
you're in a position to take action. Use it to DO something to back your tweet up. Don't Trump this.
Yet you continue to support an American President who doesn't. Empty words.
@gop U OWN THIS. You support a white supremist in the WH. This is on you.
1 Dead protesting for peace, 2 officers killed, at a NAZI rally, in the USA. 2017 

http://www.latimes.com/nation/nationnow/la-na-charlottesville-white-nationalists-rally-20170812-story.html … 
Thank you for speaking out at this key moment. Real leaders are born, not elected and propped-up. @realDonaldTrump fails us again and again.
Agreed except its really being encouraged by our President & by the complicity of most others in Congress. #TheyAreTerrorist
Yes call these people white nationalist terrorists. Body make president Trump fire Bannon Miller and Gorka for starters
And this is Terrorism
We should reject  yet YOU don't. You've supported their bigoted white champion every step of the way. This is talk. Trying DOING something
SO TELL THE PRESIDENT
Go away. You are scared of your shadow. Stop trying to act like a real man.
You support a white supremacist that sits in the White House. We did reject these views, by about 3 million. Reject your leader.
You're an opportunist. Your outrage is selective. You & your party fostered this hate. You & white supremacists are cut from the same cloth
C'mon Steve, you can say white racist terrorism, can't you???
Sir, respectfully, how did you not see this happen after Muslim ban, failure to reject white supremacy enforcement from Trump?
So will you call on the POS that occupies the White House to move out??
This is terrorism. #saythewords
Thank you @SteveDaines. We can stand together against racism and hate.
Yes but you endorse a President that refuses to reject white nationalist groups.  So you can pretend, but we have seen you true colors
Then you should be calling for Brannon and miller to be removed from the wh.
Thank you Senator. Now please help remove Gorka and Bannon, avowed white supremacists, from the White House.
You are complicit sir!!!!
Thanks, Senator.  When will enough be enough with the cowardly refusal of our President to stand up to this as you have?
Yet your president speaks about building walls and denying refugees more than he would about national terrorist and racial tensions.
Why don't you tell @POTUS to treat it as such
From both sides of that protest! Neither side is being American, just hate everywhere! Put everyone n a mask and watch u wouldn't find good!
Then show us. Stand up to the president and his "all sides" rhetoric, demand continued focus by DOJ on domestic white supremacist terror.
Call on @realDonaldTrump to resign, or resign yourself
We do reject them. Steve get a grip on the sly right wing of your party'
Says the man whose actions closely align with white supremacists and enables the bigot-in-chief at every turn.  Words are just words
I agree, now what are we going to do about it.
99.9% of Americans do reject this.  Unfortunately the .1% cause a lot of trouble
As this fascist shit spreads over the world, I would kindly like to widen: We as people of the world should reject these views! #cville
I don't agree with you on a lot of things, but I am happy to see you put forward something I fully agree with. We share Montana values.
Thank you Senator
I know you're riding first class, but this is what the coach cabin of the trump train looks like.  Please do more to save America from trump
this is what you get when you throw in with trump who dog whistled and worse to these white nationalists who are now obviously emboldened
You are a man with zero credibility with your constituents. You flip flop so much liar!!
Thanks for acknowledging this @SteveDaines
Yeah Really
Those people elected the president.
Yes, this is racism and bigotry. It is also what you condone and support with your traitorous helping of an enemy of the USA, tRump.
Not necessarily reject, we've been rejecting racism for YEARS (Centuries)..let's deal w/the issue more so deal with violent nature of racism
Do you bleed do you cry do you breathe then why are you any different than anyone else
Thank you for your unexpected but welcome courage, Senator Daines. Montanans hate Nazis and racists!
Lots of us did back on Nov 8 2016
You & every @GOP that support Nazi @realDonaldTrump @POTUS are FULLY responsible for the rise of these Monsters
You are complicit.
Look where you, Trump and the GOP have brought us. Great god damn leadership.
They are doing the same shit BLM has been doing minus the destruction of property and the looting. 
Words, words & more words.  Prove it. Actions speak louder than words.
TRUMP
This is @realDonaldTrump.
Your Party had a chance to reject hate in November.
Which side? Are we all not human beings of the Human Race? No one has control over the amount of melanin in the skin at birth.
If you were sincere about this, you would call for the ouster of Bannon and Miller.
Will you share this with the President please? It would of be nice to see the same common sense rejection from him. Not just "sad". #domore
From which side? The white nationalists came to peacefully assemble. Then ANTIFA and BLM showed up.
yeah blm definitely made that nazi drive his car into a crowd. Racist cuck
Racism from the Left & Right should be condemned. How do you chose a friend by their words or their actions?
Speak for yourself
I didn't hear you coming out to renounce Trump when he continually lied about Obama being a citizen. This is the result...
So, you're joining with the rest of the GOP to ask Trump to speak out against it then??
I agree with your point, btw, but it'd mean more if you weren't constantly enabling the same behavior in the White House.
Go lay down , sphincter old boy!
Thank you for naming this and condemning it.
This is your base
Maybe your policies should actually reflect this rhetoric, Stevie.

I agree. But what about YOU? Why don't YOU actually SAY it. Identify yourself as part of the solution. I reject the racist bigotry happening
These views BUILT America, that's why they want those statues to remain standing come on now. America is awful
It's a #kkk/ #WhiteSupremacists rally. Endorsed, supported & growing b/c of #trump's & @GOP's hate & fear mongering rhetoric.#charlottesvile

Respectfully, senator, a chain of political events led to this and you'd have to take a position on those events too. This is not random.
A Republican who names racism.
#youstandwhere #ustandwhere
@HillaryClinton praising #KKK leader Sen Robert Byrd so don't be fooled by @DNC & their rhetoric #Charlottesville
This is the world you and the GOP wanted. Evil and hateful to your core.
To be fair the dems have played right along. Basically we're all fucked. Time to fire everyone and start over. I'm looking at u #SteveDaines
You are right in your words now stand up and be right in Your votes
And this is also a huge part of DJT base.
thank you Sen @SteveDaines and @marcorubio  for standing against this VILE wing of the conservative base, who seek to be legitimized.
Walk down a street in black Chicago white boy ...  you will see bigotry 
You and your @SenateGOP colleagues enabled this behavior.

Suppose next you will send prayers instead of action.

Hell, they should be rejected all over the damn planet! 
These views while not the majority, still won the electoral vote.

"give me your English speakers, your financially stable, your highly skilled masses yearning to contribute,"
#RaiseAct #Immigration #Trump 
These are your pals. Your party, your fellow Republicans you weasel.
Sorry Stevie, this is your party now led by racists and nazis. If you don't like being part of a fascist party, then start a new one. #mtpol
And if you breakdown the demographics of the people who voted in @POTUS it's his fan base
So marching is racist but destroying Baltimore wasn't more dangerous ??? You ,  my friend are blind
You support white supremacists and Nazi's. You are part of the problem!! #coward #TrumpsBitch
These are views of American people. Don't forget that part. They are Americans, have always been here since the beginning of this country
What happened to the 1st amendment Senator?
Thanks for speaking up. Now DO something!
Vote you out as easy as voting you in
Are you working with @POTUS to do something? Because if you aren't working with your President to stop this, YOU are also part of problem
are you working with obama to fix this? If not its ok we know you liberals are lazy.
Im really disappointed that a Republican Senator siding with BLM movement they need to vote you out
We are losing all of our history what does a statue hurt that's our history why don't we insist we remove all of #mlk monuments andlibraries
As usual....a day late and a dollar short!
Racism goes both ways it's just the BLM movement is getting everything their way when will it stop and people like you aren't helping
They do, but it is people like you that support this Administration without question or common sense that are accountable for this happening
MOST people DO reject such disposable racist behavior. They are ignorant n fearful Fox Flock. Fooled by the conservatives false propaganda.
And yet, the ones using violence to reject this are the ones on the other side.
Sure that's a fringe view, but did you notice they didn't loot a CVS or set a Starbucks on fire? So there's that.
Get a megaphone. This is something I can aline on w/you. But u have to acknowledge @realDonaldTrump allows for this ideology to grow.
Steve, you actually have power to do something. Do it. No more empty words. Actions speak louder than words.
Like what? You cannot change people's minds. What can govt do?
Not bigotry, about a statue! Is this Tehinamen Square, China?
Regardless of your views on race, the First Amendment is a right guaranteed ESPECIALLY for political speech!
And it is our right to call them out as the racist scumbags that they are.
You csn call them every name in the book. Just expect the same
As one of your constituents thank you for speaking up!
Those are the values the Republican party has chosen to court.  It's up to you to do something about it. Stop supporting Trump. Fight Bannon
You idolize and kiss the ass of the biggest bigot & racist in the U.S. and we DO REJECT him and the sycophants that pander to him like YOU!!
https://twitter.com/jowrotethis/status/896392449760698368 …

You nominated, embraced, endorsed, and blindly follow a birther, Steve. Your statement rings hollow at best.
David Duke today in #Charlottesville talking how how the hate rally "fulfills the promises of Donald Trump." 
And why do you spread the same hate as your opponent then. That makes you just as bad as the ones you protest against! Just Stop!!!
I hope you continue to speak the truth.
You've lost me now. I didn't see anything from you when BLM and Antifa were burning shit down and beating people! Enjoy your vacation. Joke!
Thank you for speaking out
Come try your white nationalist bs in Chicago alt right bozo's
Not racism or bigotry. They are anti PC and anti uber sensitivity. If you can't handle a statue as a historic symbol than youre too delicate
Racist and bigoted.
So you're in favor of rewriting history. So does ISIS.
Black Lives Matter are bigots and racists. Failed to mention that didn't you. ANTIFA are fascists.
Why are they bigots and racists because they call out what they perceived as injustices by the police?
You're spouting their party line propaganda. They judge people by their color. Wise up
Where's your outrage over #BlackLivesMatter over antifa terrorism antifa violence? Over anti white rhetoric?
Black lives matter gets a free pass from people like you but they are violent bigots & black supremacists. Many white people are sick of it.
BLM doesn't get a free pass and most of those riots target a specific issue of social injustice, what injustice is the VA rally for?
No it's not! They were protesting the destruction of a historic monument! & The far left came, became violent, and shut down free speech
You seem ok with leaving their leader in office.
You are a dumbshit. That is a purely political statement with zero truth.
A real #rino Montana #vote you out!!
Course your words would have more weight if you didnt support the white supremacists in the white house.
There are not white supremacists in the White House. There are republicans oh different genders and races.
I'm just commenting here to commemorate the day that I actually agreed with the Senator.
The civil war was about slavery. Every single confederate state stated so.
Well it was specifically about not allowing slavery in the new territories.

Where was your claim of racism and bigotry in Furgeson or Baltimore? BLM is not racist? Oh yeah. Only whites can be racist.
Trust me, this is not how he thinks. Actually he only thinks about himself & how important he can become.
You're exactly right.
This was a peaceful protest until Soros bussed in the BLM rioters.
You MF'r,, You watch what you say, This "Group" is everyone who is tired of our Confederate War Memorials from being taken down.
I agree these guys are idiots, but no condemnation of #AntiFa infringing on the constitutional rights of #FreeSpeech? What a coward. #MAGA
Obama?
Nice try.
Yeah, Obama...
Thanks for the clarification. I thought so. It might take decades to repair the damage he did.  I really regret voting for him.
Interesting...yet despite you being a turncoat racist, it's f*cked up to know he doesn't regret fighting for you. I'm not him tho'.
