Did Putin take that picture?
Really Tamara...
Don't bother
Most of you are libtards
Welcome to MT. Mr. VP!... wish we could have the honor of meeting you!
You discust me. Do your damned job already!
It's okay daines, son.
Does anyone at the WH work on weekend?
Please stay politically correct!
How is your boss doing?
eat shit!
If we did you would cease to exist
Pardon?
You are clueless!
You guys are all such fakes
Can I come with next time? Lol

Campaigning on our dime?
Yup, only reason he knows of a state called MT is because people are voting for a seat in a few weeks @RobQuistforMT
Yeah...and MT. Voted for him...libtard
Not welcome Pence. Save it
But aren't you embarrassed  to work for a lying president who gets you to lie
Thrush sign
#RobQuist  Montana has a way of seeing through BS & we are taking down the #republicanparty  Beware days are numbered!
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh........good luck with that you libtard
Ah yes Montana.. the epicenter of White Supremacy.
THANKS!...SO GLAD TO SEE THIS!!
I know its the little things that make the day brighter.

For each one strongly approving of trump there are two strongly disapproving. 

Daines is up to his ass in bed with energy companies that can't wait to start destroying public lands. Of course jackass VP is glad.
Oh f'k off.
Didn't even know y'all had an AF2?
Tell @SteveDaines we would like a town hall in Great Falls. Thanks
The good people of Montana are ready & waiting for you both!!
@realDonaldTrump @Potus @VP @PressSec  @WhiteHouse 
Make America great again.
Respectfully, please resign.
After that fly down to Chicago and visit the South Side and figure out what you can do there.
Mother says you've been naughty! Seven Lies on Wednesday!
Stay in DC.  We don't want/need ur kind in MT.u r #corrupt #unamerican party bootlicker.  Montanans are honest ppl, you are not.
Don't get too comfortable aboard that. You're on your way out
If donee boy gets charged and it sticks he just screwed hisself!  Thanks to jeff sessions.Hung with his DOJ's rope!
Montanas.  Run.  Lock your doors. A surrogate for the devil is coming
And we are glad mr. Vice-president having someone so spiritually founded in faith helping lead our nation we love you man
Is trump the anti christ? hmm 
Is trump trying to put the mark of the beast on everyone? hmm

I think this might be VP's best opportunity to stay there and miss having his head blown off

@NSAGov Has McMaster taken vows of silence & blind loyalty to Trump over chocolate cake. @tedlieu @FBI @GCHQ The USA now has "loyalty vows" 
Well kiss my grits!
Yeah he might not be so happy when he gets there and they are waiting to hold him accountable for his actions
Your a liar I call bull shit on your christian claim asshole
JR beat you to MT
You can run but you can't hide.
You probably think you're going to walk away from this administration with clean hands. You're not.
Is he gonna be a dental floss tycoon? Waste of tax dollars! SAD!!! #FailingTrump
"My only question: do these Montanites speak the same language as us Christians?  Can we save these savages?  Did mother bring the rabbit?"
These men are supporting the racist, bigot, con man and compulsive liar.  #impeachTrumpnow
Welcome VP Pence. Have a wonderful visit to our beautiful state.
Completely understand need for travel, the White House has a very foul smell, no ones sure if it will dissipate.
Are you abandoning the pleas to dissolve the DOL Fiduc corrupt rule? Please put America first- kill that rule as June 9th is approaching..
I want to see POTUS taxes.
#PATHETIC. Worthless in every way. Just resign and save us this daily embarrassment
Hey, bright side is if 45 is impeached you get to be 46, slight but marginal improvement.
CAN'T WAIT 4 YOUR RECEPTION! HOPE THEY LINE THE STREETS 2BOO YOU FOR SUPPORTING THAT FU*KING TRAITOR IN OUR WHITE HOUSE! #TRAITOR @GOP #2018
Shawshank awaits all of you!
Mike, You lied to & showed contempt for the American people. How do you reconcile this with your so called faith? You can't. You're a fraud.
STOP LYING IT IS ONLY PEOPLE U WANT THERE NOT THE HARD WORKING DAY TO DAY PEOPLE
@POTUS Anything to get away from D.C. And our incredibly incompetent President.
Your as corrupt as Trump and Americans know it
AF2 looks like a Southwest 737.
Mr Pence how can you live with yourself?  Backing this lunatic ... do you really think he sane?   Most don't
I will be glad when you are found guilty of treason & lying & will fly prison air 1 straight to jail!!
What is sooo hilarious is that you voted for Hillary Clinton...

Better get us some sweet business results! Our lobbies own you. Remember that.
Christian who lies.
You're a liar.
Because let's go stump for votes in a state where Republicans can't be fiscally responsible because then 'too many people would vote'
How do you look in the mirror ?   Luke 12:2
Is that your "meet me in the bathroom" look?
@Phil_Mattingly @SteveDaines You should just stay there.
Is he an Attorney? If not you may want to find a good one. Trump is exposing you as a serial liar. FBI doesn't like liars
Why R U such a transparent talking airhead for your boss? Have u no self respect? U, too, will fry with him and then u won't even b pres
Any more whoppers for us today? Americans love being lied to by our self-righteous "Christian" @VP!
Good of you to warn Montana. Gives them a chance to take their anti-bullshit pills before you get there.
Selling out the Montana election to Trump Org. Vote Rob Quist!
Guess all people are men ? Cuz you are BARRED FROM being any where close to other women
God bless America
Headed to meet some of the people in a tightly staged rally. Are you bringing another message from @realDonaldTrump -one that you believe?
Be careful, there are Muslims in Montana...
Have a great day  @VP
Best luck
Campaigning...
re u radical Christian ?

You do understand that you will never get rid of enough republicans that Hillary will be president, right. it doesn't work that way..
Why is it we never see you taking a train or bus down to the inner-cities hugging black kids? Montana's the whitest State you could find!
Are you heading for the airport bathroom like Larry Craig as soon as you " get off " the plane ?
They listen to our fellow Americans and to us a work hard for us Godbless them and thier Families
@VP When will you be for the Republic and not the Republicans?  Time to flip the Pharisees table, i.e.,Trump,the money changer in USA temple
It is a start usually after a elections they hide in the white house , not our President Donald Trump or our VP Mike Pence both are outdoing
Welcome to Big Sky Country.
I hope they boo you out of the state

Will you use the event to refute Trump's lies about voter fraud? A real Christian would be honest. WWJD?
The POTUS is off his meds and escaped the room with padded walls - catch him!
congratulations on being the first openly gay vice president
It's not funny anymore! If you have one once left of patriotism in your body please relieve DJT of duty!
I'll wave if I see you! #THEusERA >)
The haters are transitioning to the VP twitter account to spread their crap. What a waste of time and inappropriate way to use technology.
So, pence...now you have your own personal cock holster, too! Good job!
Rather chilly reception you received
"Don't think about his penis. Don't think about his penis." - Mike Pence
Sir, I know you & family R sorry U got involved.  But please stay strong.  Your day 2 shine & 2 bail America out is coming. Stay the course!
Oh, yes, please, "stay the course".  I mean, what could go wrong??
#2 would be a huge improvement over #1!
#2 is a religious bigot, a thief, a sanctimonious hypocrite, a homophobe and an assbackwards bible thumper.  No thanks.
What about doing something with Michigan. Really allowing sharia law
Are you two going to join the mile-high club together? Kinda looks that way.
That's not quite far away enough to evade the shitstorm your administration has created. Keep going till you hit Siberia.
You vacant, empty, man. You prostituted your soul.
How's it feel to be repeatedly thrown under the bus by your orange chief!? #TrumpRussia
Couldn't u take Trump with you and leave him there
We don't want him, either...
and that you're prepared to work not only for work's sake,but also for people's satisfaction.it's team spirit of Trump and his colleagues.
Get ready to be next POTUS...#impeachTrump...
Go check out a a site where they have found dinosaur bones way older than 5900 years. Religious nut job
#pencerussia
.@VP .@SteveDaines - pls discuss the sanity of .@realDonaldTrump
Hey, look. Everything is fine. Business as usual. Nothing to see here.
Make America Strong Again!!
will @SteveDaines put country before party and support an independent special prosecutor to finish the #russiagate investigation?
The greatest and perhaps,the wealthiest.I'm aware Mr.Trump,that you and Mr.VP take very high line in political and security matters.
Let's talk healthcare and complicity. Will @SecretaryZinke be joining you to campaign for the guy who believes Earth is 6k years old?
Homophobe Selfie #DainesSelfies cc: @tennilleu
U  cover 4Donald Dump. R u  tired of covering up lies? R u not worried about your own reputation?
U should be. He's taking u down with him.
Maybe you should divert to Russia. I hear they offer asylum for traitors.

@montanamodi Head for the hills!


Excellent V.P. Pence !!
Have a good trip and God Bless you !
What's more important? Allowing innocent people perish in the seas or give them #SafaPassages/#Resettlement opportunities. Ask @POTUS
T is raving luatic, lying to u lying to country, destroying democracy & u r off to MT? Most have no confidence left in this administration
Enjoy our Beautiful State and Wholesome People..
Is he being taped?!?
Hope you have a good time--wonder how many times FBI firing story will change while you are gone.
remember when you lied seven times on behalf of @potus for why comey was fired?
Thank you!
Your boss is a traitor. What did you know? It will come out.
Don't forget to tell them Comey better hope you don't have tapes of meeting.
Actually, you may be headed to jail... #Trumprussia
