What exactly is the point of that?
As 100k #MT kids stand to lose Medicaid covg you play political games. I've never been so disappointed in my representative. #mtpol
Creepie Stevie playing games with our lives.  Loser!
It's not a game, Senator @SteveDaines. This is a deadly serious business. Millions of lives and millions more people's health at stake.
Boy did this not work out how you were hoping.  At all.
Please do your job and represent Montanans!  Quit boot licking!  We see what you are doing and that is not why we elected you!
I'm confused. Are you happy about single payer? That would be something to look at
My 12 yo niece knows more about the healthcare system than you do. She can't make sense of your actions. No trumpcare!! Single-payer
@ddiamond @SenateMajLdr Usually there's an actual bill before there are amendments. 

And, you know, hearings. And testimony.
sorry Kevin you will have to excuse our junior senator from MT for not knowing how the senate works. he's no Mansfield #mtpol
Nor is he representative of Montanans.  Just another self serving political hack.
Your vile political games are shameful.  Serious question - how can you live with yourself? & U prob call yourself a good Christian. U R not
Do it without Delay! Single-payer or bust.
You believe that we should put our faith in a fully ran government program. Our government is anything but dependable. It's destroyed now.
We pay more and yet are less healthy than any other developed nation in the world. They have single payer. We have for-profit. Coincidence?
glad you are proud of yourself. Here's who your selfish games harms. #cfadvocacy #protectpatientsnow #IAmNotaFailedExperiment
.@stevedaines .@SenateMajLdr
Steve are you for a Single Payer system? That would be best so I hope so
You kidding?  Look at how much he takes in from the insurance industry
How about you make an amendment that the American people get the same healthcare plan as you have.
.@stevedaines
Nice Fail
Your gotcha amendment to a bill the GOP will be writing over lunch is absurd, like having no healthcare plan after 7 years.
Not that bright are you?
It's about time! Thank you.
Trying to trap the Dems are you? All vote yes on this, get rid of the ACA and do nothing afterwards? Slimeballs.
U realize the more desperate ppl become the more support single payor will have. Yawl have met the greed threshold and yawl know it
Amend your brain first. Your scheming is showing, and that's sick given what's at stake.
We all realize with your millions AND free healthcare for life that you don't really care one way or another what happens to us. 
Honestly I think you should apologize - at least to your constituents.
Oh please do. It's time the Dems stop waffling and state their support for universal coverage.
Single Payer is the only option you Republicans and Democrats have. Stop wasting our money on warships and missiles and give us healthcare
Already called my senators @tedcruz and @JohnCornyn every rep in TX will be called next. Seriously, greedy corporations have had their run
Ha ha, what a joke you are Daines. #GOP baby.
You're an unscrupulous little weasel. As is all of the GOP.
Maybe the "gold standard" you are looking for is the health of our people?
Do you? Calling up amendments that you support yourself, a majority of Americans want...or is OTHER people's health a gotcha game for you?
More BS from a man who has unlimited supplies and no positive solutions!
The Senate with your help has diminished its stature to that of the House. Bravo.
This will backfire wildly.
Wow man. This twitter thing doesn't seem to be working out for you. Probably best if you go back to hiding away.
You are turning MT into a joke, right there with GG.  Healthcare isn't a game.  This is actual life and death for real people.
My congratulatory thread to you, Senator.
Kudos to Sen. Daines. As an errant Bernie-bro, this will work on me on multiple levels. Dems will all vote "no" & hide behind procedure. https://twitter.com/stevedaines/status/890349859537997824 …
All of you should be for single payer. Everyone should have insurance. We all pay for it eventually. & Peopje should not die. Level field!
Question: Will history celebrate Senators who mockingly strip healthcare away from Americans to score political victories?

Answer: No
Sounds like political BS. Like you care more about your health care for life club than Montanans.
You are on record for a full repeal of Obamacare. We know exactly where you stand on healthcare.
please stay focused on solving the problem of health care reform; quit wasting the salary I pay you and everyone's time and do actual work.
If y'all pass this, I would consider voting Republican.
I wish CBO would score this. Also politically this hurts dems. Surprised Schumer didn't push to stop it. Gives trump ammo.
@SteveDaines You Sir are not decent.  For one second imagine yourself in the shoes of an impoverished family that can't afford primary care.
Amendment to what? Real men work together for solutions and don't blame others for the problems they looked the other way on.
Don't play political games with my healthcare; it's insulting.
Playing politics with peoples' lives is SICK!
Are you like 12 years old?  Nobody has ever heard of you but Montana citizens would like to know if you will take away your Medicaid.
So this is just a game now? My daughter with type 1 diabetes which Is a pre existing condition is just a game piece on your checker board?
Let's do it! That's the only way to provide great healthcare. Lower cost, better outcomes.
You sir are a disappointment beyond all disappointments. To treat healthcare issues so callously is beyond the pale. elections are near.
What do you have to worry about, you're health insurance is set for life??? Think about others if you can...
Why would this matter Steve??? McCarthyism?
So now you're playing chicken with healthcare? Cute. People die without it, you know that right?
ROLL CALL!!!
putz
Most Americans support single payer, but I'm glad it's a game to you
Uh, NO, most Americans do NOT support "single payer", socialized "healthcare"!
More support than are against. But yes, not a majority.
#ShowUsTheAmendment I want to read your amendment right away please. Thanks
@SteveDaines great amendment. To bad it's with dickhead intentions.
Is this all a game to you? You think our life and healthcare is funny? A joke? You're the joke. But you're not funny.
MAGA!
And...?
Your amendment is a joke...just like you: @SteveDaines, "JOKE OF THE SENATE"!!!
there's already proposed bill by Sen Sanders.  Why don't you call for hearings on that instead of playing games?
You're not fooling anyone, you know. Certainly not us Montanans.  Enjoy #YourLastTerm!
Wtf good does that do?

Single payer is good, everyone should vote for it
You mean the bill you copied from Senator Conyers? Quit playing games with our lives.  #nodaines2020
Daines, I have a free amendment for you to propose. It is the Senators should meet and communicate with their constituents amendment.
Feel free to call it the Daines Amendment if you want.

Stop playing games with our health. #ShowUsTheBill #mtpol
#SaveACA
Hello, Senator McCarthy.

And... where do you stand.  I am pretty sure I know the answer, but need you to put it "on the record"
And what will your vote be? Montanans will remember your disregard for our health #mtpol
What is the point of your proposed amendment. What does it do?  Vote No on this disaster and work together to fix ACA
Amendment to what? Show everyone text of the bill before trying to put amendments on it or voting on it. #CommonSense 

#ShowUsTheBill
You folks destroyed adherence to regular order that has evolved over centuries to craft this nation's laws. You know that you did.
Good one.
