National Day of Patriotism is the secret code word for The New KKK Rally Day
Guessing you weren't very good in history class. KKK was started and supported by.......Wait for it....... DEMOCRATS!
I wasn't referring to the KKK of the past. I'm referring to the new KKK....duhhhh
Is that the KKK that Democratic Senator Robert Byrd was not only a member but the Grand Wizard? He's was Hillary's mentor too.
Maybe the old KKK is the new KKK. Dems are still managing Black Americans, like they did the slaves they owned. Few get out.
Trump's declaration of a #NationalDayOfPatriotism brought to mind this image of him with the flag.
@MELANIATRUMP @IvankaTrump @POTUS Best moment was seeing Barron play peek-a-boo with baby cousin! So nice to see him happy!
love the interaction President Trump has with his kids and grandkids!
It'll be great seeing them running around the WH. Hasn't been this much family in the WH in years and years.
we will get the day off from work ?
and Nancy Pelosi trying to get in the middle of things.  She needs to take a seat in the back of the room. Swamp is draining
I thought we had a national day of patriotism...the 4th of July!!
Congratulations to Donald Trump and the world's newest banana republic.
What day is Patriots Day? Some complete news, plse
National Day of Patriotism? What about Independence Day? President's Day? Memorial Day? Veterans Day? Are they not important anymore?
Olympic games don't have a category for jumping to conclusions, but if they did, you'd be there.
We all  get to go out and grab some pussy with no consequences to celebrate. Awesome!
@TrumpWhiteHouse
This makes me want to vomit
@TrumpWhiteHouse you have to LOVE all of this
Paul was like Nancy give that paper back. You can have the pin but that paper is ours.
I see Nancy's got her hand out right off the bat...

@FoxNews @itsbs3
@lionking_007 stop  tweeting  me for a minute.
@TrumpWhiteHouse I seeing these people we all see on the news usually standing on opposite sides-now here laughing together.
whatever
everyone looks so happy, so genuine, even irritating nancy pelosi
Why must we get political opinion from Shepard Smith in his commentary?  Replace him if he cannot restrain his bias.
LOL! That's what commentary is, his comments, his opinions. Don't feel like you have to agree with everything that's on
#IMPEACHTRUMP2017
absolutely beautiful photo!
These laughs and smiles wont last long. Especially when Trump starts tearing this shit down!.
hope he does tear a lot of the s*** down government has gotten way too big
#lockherup can we put hillary in jail now
I didn't see anywhere that oh bummer had pardoned her so looks like Open Season
activate JFK executive order 11110. Put the final steak in the federal reserve.
National Day of Patriotism? Another federal day to worship the state? This is his first act as president? Not promising.
perfectly stated.
absolutely love this clip
Welcome 2 the USSA!
Media is still a joke. Welcome to the new administration.
love you President Trump
Schumer and Pelosi proving how childish minds work.
To jest to, o czym p.Kaczyński mowi w Polsce od dawna ,,National Day of Patriotism,, kto Trumpowi pisze przemowienia? Macierewicz??
And please revoke all of Obummer's executive orders!
and now he is exhausted and will take off for the weekend
#UnitedStates
dang, i was hoping it was EO's reversing all of Obama's EO's @FoxNews
A leader not from day one but from minute one!!!
National day of racism or is it rapism
@TRUMPMOVEMENTUS :Pres Trump even knew ladies first!
Loving all his precious  Grandchildren surrounding our new President 
Thank you Mr.President for giving AMERICA hope, faith, respect, dignity and for giving God a place to be in.
National Day of Patriotism?? Don't we already have that? It's called 4th of July
regarding national day of patriotism - he had 2do something that looked important 1st! Now let's wait & c whose the 1st 2 blame!
No offense intended, but isn't National Day of Patriotism the 4th of July?  I know it's now get drunk and blow stuff up day kind of but...

Beautiful Day !!!
LOVE TRUMP!
Excellent!!!
.@FoxNews
hell ya lets get the ball rolling on the @POTUS train 
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality.
Wow!!!  @POTUS hit the Ground Running after his Nomination... He hit the Ground SPRINTING after his Inauguration!!  #MAGA
I  the sound of it....'PRESIDENT Trump'! He did it!!!! 

Yup and it's time to do our patrotic duty and oppose him
nice beautiful ,feel a lot of Hope.
Nancy Pelosi snagging free pens.
This looks good on us, Americans united!
holrfully signing some executive orders out of existence also...
Let's make 'murica Grrrrrrrrrr again!
it's good to hear I'm bored from the background real America.God Bless us everyone
Trump no Patriot, lets see what he can do, Paul Ryan's budget destroys SS/Medicare/Medicaid, no min wage hike, destroys workers.
explain what that day means?
Please Fox News, STOP showing Ohama after 8 long long years of destruction. Just flat out tired of seeing him. He's gone. Please.
Its a beautiful day in the neighbourhood!  
Дональд Вас поздравляю, чистилище которое Вы прошли другим не под силу.
krauthammer needs to stop his negative comments! Getting old!
^AND THIS CON MAN'S FISHING FOR FOOLS BEGINS, #LyinSlugSameOldSwamp
God bless America and Trump that is president
JUST ANOTHER BOT -> @dutchesswhite THAT LIKELY DOESNT EVEN LIVE IN OUR COUNTRY, BYE, BLOCKED
A TRUE American President. Patriotism needs taught...without patriotism the country ends up in anarchy. #SoundFamiliar
Fox get rid of Obama pics this is Trump day!!!!
one hour of presidential power and we have a new holiday!
Wish I could get a PEN.@FoxNews
I am so proud of our new President, POTUS Donald J.Trump
And Schumer needed guidance to Not put an uncapped ink pen in his shirt. Sigh
guess what ...HE IS YOUR PRESIDENT NOW for everyone crying he is not bahaha.
Pelosi grabbed a pen?
wao this is not America
we're going to build a wall ,it's going to be a beautiful wall and Mexico is going to pay for it
We have a new President, the sky has became bright again. God Bless America!!
would somebody throw that President Trump hating Juan Williams out the door. Fox news you are bigger than that, Williams is a clown
what did he sat this time
screw you, Charles Krauthammer. Europe, Sally's, Koreans have been living off of us long enough. Start caring your own water.
Thank GodDonald Trump will change the country for the better
it seems like a more relaxed atmosphere around the president that we've not seen for at least 8 years!
what the what? Are you living in another dimension?
hey hey Donald Trump how many women did you hump?
I am watching it on CNN now.
finally FOX shows 1st official acts of POTUS - preempted by coverage to Obummer screwing taxpayers by riding on AF1 to Palm Springs
CNN continues to hit all time Low FAKENEWS .
I know we're focused on Trump45,  but someone has to take notice to how elegant Melanie Trump looks.
Go Trump!!!! Let's Roll !!!
Start repealing thos Barry Hussein Soetoro Obama executive orders...
Gee Nancy Peloci whats that on your grimacing smile? Surely its not a piece of the huge humble pie all you dems now have to eat
I stand with God and My Country! I Always Have!
So should we all! #Unite #NotDivide
Amazing day! #GodBlessAmerica

pointing out the corruption of the establishment giving the power back to the people thank God
Best thing to happen in a long time. Looking forward to a lot of positive changes
We already have a national patriotic day. It is called the Fourth of July, but whatever Trump.
Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump 28m28 minutes ago
 We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN & HIRE AMERICAN!
he is just a damn corporate Mogul who wants money he doesn't care about the American citizens#not my f****** president
Typical Democrat, gets something for free and complains about it.
save a pen for Bill O'Reilly. He deserves one.
God Bless the new president and how he spoke about the outside world pointing out that both Republicans and Democrats are to blame
Pelosi can't believe that some people actually read documents before they sign them. Classic Nancy.
MAGA
#biased. #ugh
thank God. Bring back patriotism
some of his people are not going to be confirmed they are not good for education or Medicare Medicaid or Social Security
hope I got it right! Tried to be first @potus tweet
why didn't I get a pen?
@realDonaldTrump Congratulations!!! God Bless America  United We All Stand!!!
And now to rip up #Obama executive orders!
We need a good old bon fire!
LMAO... #Tucked https://youtu.be/TZq9myxzeVs?list=FL9IHZmjq5zNbuiQJxNrQx-g …
