Really? It’s a Daines family tradition to gut-shoot your animal? Real Montanans know it takes more skill to get in close #MTPol
With all due respect, it was a well placed shot.  She hit him just behind the shoulder, and double lunged him.
You don't command respect.
Please, someone sort this out for me, this is the 21st Century btw, killing is not a trait of mine
@corvetteflex - Not to defend Sen Daines, but hunting is part of our culture in Montana...higher participation than national avg
Response quick to former Montana Klu Klux Klan organizer's candidacy http://gftrib.com/2mmsNQw  via @GFTribune
What a beautiful Animal how you could just kill it for sport is disgusting.
Who said they arent packing the freezer and giving food to friends and neighbors etc?
That is disgusting! Why are you celebrating KILLING with a damn smile & tweet??!!
What!!! I just looked at your profile. You are a public servant?! .. Even worse. Really appalling.
You obviously know nothing about proper wildlife management - hunting helps preserve the animals
Posing with a dead animal covered in blood is part of wildlife management?! And btw - I live in the country. Not everyone hunts for sport.
But why do you pose smiling ear to ear with the bloodied animal corpse? That's what we are trying to understand. It's weird isn't it?
If you even see this, buried amongst the "OMG/gross/murderer/pervert/scumsucker Tweets... what rifle, chambering, load, optics?  Annie!
Congrats!
My God. If there is a God, this fate awaits you forever in the afterlife.
Same liberal uneducated thinking is why we had so many wildfires this year, management involves responsible use, liberals ruin everything

How very mature of you
So are you going to hold a town hall, Or hide and run like every other time you are in MT?
Why are you trying to take away our public lands?
Majority of people think this offensive cruel barbaric! Stop posting. The both of you don't even deserve a pic with such a majestic animal!
Shame on you :((( for murdering such a beautiful, majestic animal.   I would haven given my life to save him/her!  You look really happy???
Gross and disgusting. Garbage humans, both. #Shame
If you got out of the city more, you would know how ignorant you are being.
I'm an indoor cat, sweetie. I don't need to "get out more" to know humans slaughtering beautiful animals for sport is disgusting.
Cats are predators... The eat meat which by definition must die in the process.
For sport doesnt mean you don't consume it either.
Cats are predators that don't need high-powered arsonal to catch their prey for food. Be gone meow, you won't win this discussion.
Already won it your your resorting  to that. Our weapon is our brain. The point was in eating meat. And your straw man was "for sport."
Ok. You and your 12 followers have fun.
That’s horrific!  Karma...
P.S.  “Your” should be spelled “You’re”.  Just trying to help.  Really.  
I've been making that error for years. though I know better. Just lazy.
Hunted my hole live loved to see more woman doing it, great job never stop.
What. Sick. Fucks.
Replying to @SteveDaines then your hometown suddenly gets a contrct that isimpossible? Wasn't the hurricane on the other side of the US?
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=693675444162445&id=584380758425248 …
Thanks for sharing! 
I hope that you enjoyed that day, well as the best food around.
Public or private?
This feels right. "Someone did something, and I was also there" - Steve Daines
Up in Havre doing the same !!
I hope the gods smite you as they did Prometheus.
What's it matter anyways? Daines' pal @realDonaldTrump is trying to get every last one of us destroyed. Steve could care less.
These Num Nuts probably got whole refrigerator full food but got go out kill Rudolph just for pleasure then sell to Butcher or Restaurant
I can see if you lived in Alaska but in Montana no way now how much of that meat will they keep and how much will they feed the homeless
Daines - Why not explain yourself?
Why do you kill animals for the pleasure of it?
HOrrible
Congratulations!
Nice job! Enjoy the meat! Delicious!
Not cool at all
Do no like
Sick
Time you start paying attention to THIS
I hope she's planning on feeding her family with that.
C'mon be fair. They only shot because they feared for their lives. Not only that, they have to live off the land because a US Senator gets so little in pay.
You killed Blitzen?
YOU and other IDIOTS that think alike need to be transported to an "island" surrounded by LOTS of WATER!!
Beautiful animal what time is supper?
Its called wildlife management my fools; if hunters dont thin the herd they die from disease and over grazing
Disgusting people
Boo, creepy chick here...
Are you going to process and eat that?
Nice tradition.
Donald Trump Jr IMBECILE! PEOPLE LIKE YOU IDIOTS! CLUELESS HOW TO MAKE AMERICAN GREAT! PRESERVE LIFE FIRST! WILDLIFE TOO!  GOD BLESS AMERICA
Nice shot Annie; kudos!!
 killers.
Everyone saying this is disgusting clearly knows nothing about wildlife mgmt  & they’re taking a picture with it cuz it’s impressive...
GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR.....hunting for fun !!! IDIOTS
What a beautiful animal.  So sad!
Wyoming I'm assuming?
This photo is truly obscene.  Next time, pick a target that can shoot back.  Post reported.  Sender blocked.
Very sad
Don't admire people who enjoy killing. Find another family tradition that you could be proud of.
Karma is a bitch do you better be prepared!!!
Blah blah you're a hunter just like a lot of people. How that makes you a better senator is beyond me. No one cares ,says me, a hunter too.
Hope you eat it
Its good to see that our fair Senator has learned muzzle control. NICE BUCK #MontanaProud
SICK
silver spoons likes seeing animals killed. One sick puppy.
dont know what it is about Americans posing with dead animals. I live in Mongolia. plenty of people hunt here. but dont pose with the dead
This might be fun for you I find it horrific that you kill something and smile about it. Do you have the same smile when you see humans die?
Stupid tradition!
Nice. Get a Trump next time for extra points and overpopulation control..
To the whining snowflakes stay where you are Do Not move to Montana
If there is a need to cull animals (which I doubt) Then there are better ways than to let some asshole with a gun do it and then post up...
on here like it was some feat...if the animal had a gun and could fire one back then at least it would have been fairer. #butchers
Nice buck congrats
Looks like a zombie Antelope that just finished eating something! 
Repulsive to kill such a beautiful animal and have the gall to smile about it.
Rifle/scope? Ammo?
Inquiring minds want to know.
Great work at 290!
That’s awesome going deer hunting this week can’t wait. Next year I’ll take my son he can’t wait to eat the heart !!!
How sad...
Was the animal armed?
cameras are better than guns
a beautiful animal needlessly destroyed.

And this is something to be proud of?
Yes
Gross.

It'd be nicer if the animal was alive so we could all appreciate his beauty.
Really sad that people kill animals for sport.
Just shot one myself. Meat went into the freezer for my family. Not for sport. Healthy NATURAL meat
Nice shot!
What’s messed up isn’t the pic, it’s the amount of people claiming an imaginary friend (god) would be upset
Very sad for that poor animal yet somebody is celebrating, smiling and praising themselves !
Probably on a national park after baiting
funny how the righteous complain about this but they probably had eggs for breakfast, chicken salad for lunch & a burger for dinner.
In a real sport, opposing sides agree to the rules of the game. This beauty had no say so. So very cruel.
I support DJT as our president, voted for him. I absolutely abhor the idea of killing animals for fun.
What a bunch of dicks.

Pride in killing for sport? Certainly something mankind should have long elevated himself above
Nice. Apparently the Proglodytes think the cave drawings should be sand blasted. Congrats Annie.
In your face, lefties.
This is gross!
http://www.ourpubliclands.org/COWY_BorderReport …

That is awesome
Great. And now, are you going to eat it ?
So your family tradition is to murder animals for fun? With high powered weapons no doubt. #sad
Incredible! Great job!
How do people sit in front of a slaughtered animal and hold it's dead body up. Then smile proudly for a picture. Such a sad display.
Great steady straight shot,congratulations
Of course Trump Junior likes this post. Bunch of slime balls
Wow!  Impressive!
Why the need for the selfies though? Kinda creepy.
People who own guns think it's fun to kill things. It's sick.
I know this is done but I find it appalling these people are ginning over killing this animal...proud of yourself? not cool 
Hopefully you field dressed it yourself and will eat it but knowing you...like this picture, it is just a trophy to you and nothing else.
A beautiful, innocent, majestic creature shot down in its prime by scum who are continuing their murderous 'family tradition'. #karma
Your family is lame, how about you just play a board game instead or something like that? 
Hunting is decent when there's respect for the animal, solemnity for life being taken and it's done for food. With a big grin is disgusting!
Why? That’s depraved.
And another innocent creature gets it so you can justify your 2nd amendment. Sad.
You disgusting people should be put out in the open and hunted by the animals. You should be ashamed not proud. what would Jesus say?
America's Family Tradition is to vote out hypocrites like you and replace you with someone that really believes in We the People, All Of Us
Totally disgusting! Let’s put the shooter here out in the wild,unarmed!
After military service I gave up hunting with a gun. I know what it feel like to be infront of the gun.
That is so disgusting!!
SICK !
I understand killing for food, but gloating over a dead animal is gross and disgusting
Shoulda asked it if it wanted to be senator before she was killed. It would make a better senator than you.
Why do people think they are so great when killing one of God's defenseless creatures?
God is a figment of your imagination. That animal has way more defenses then you.
You just shoot to kill animals and not slaughter them?
Sickening and totally unnecessary.
Daines family tradition.. murder innocent animals for sport! You people are evil lowlifes.
Just murderers of lnnocent animals... you should be jailed!
should have been flagged as sensitive..parading your dead animals online is DISGUSTING
Wow. I can kill an animal.  And not for food. For pleasure I can inflict pain and fear.  And I can put the head on my wall.  So sad
Please ignore the vegans. You aren't shooting a lion for a trophy atleast.
Why..its sickening. Something wrong with people who find pleasure and fun in killing something so beautiful.. breaks my heart.
But your ok with feeding your dog ground up parts of animals that lived terrible caged life then died while being trapped with no chance?
Killing an animal you don't need for survival, but just for the killing is despicable & ignorant. Shameful "family tradition"
wow y’all are just so tough shooting and killing an innocent defenseless animal, congratulations.
Horrible tradition.
Gross.
How sad to celebrate ending another's life ...
Wow....290?......nice shooting!
You realize, that's in political yards.
Well done
Perfect analogy for this administration: kill an innocent being and grin like the Cheshire Cat! 
Land of the free, home of the brave! nice shot Annie!! #organicgame #letfreedomtohuntring #mtgirl
Murderer.
Lol then u eat a murderers food
If you want a real challenge, try growing some empathy for other living creatures.
Plants feel pain too you know.
God's creatures weren't created for your bloodlust. Depraved heathen scumbags.
Nice goat!
Great shot. I have never taken a deer over 100 yards. But always with open sights, though (no scope). So I guess I'm still a good shot.
Yea. Great tradition. I'm surprised you didn't rub blood on your face.
Antelope roast is very tasty too!
I don't know who you are, Annie, but I know you'll read this.  You don't have to be a killer.  You can be better. 
wow your proud of that?!?!?!?!
Try making that the last animal dead at your hands. You'll feel better about it.
@DonaldJTrumpJr  @TrumpAlert Congratulations. Donald Trump Jr. just tagged you as the worst people in America.
How cruel.
I hope in the after life that beautiful creature sticks those horns to both of you where the sun don't shine - and then takes a pic of it
I think maybe new family traditions are in order. This one is disgusting.
You bagged it tagged it tell me did you sell to the butcher in the store are you aware there are Americans starving to death in #PortoRico
And there were 4 months ago. And 4 years ago. That’s a continual Puerto Rico problem. That and rampant corruption.
nice, now will you please support the EPA?When will you give a real town hall? You are here.shall we come to your church?
Amazing. You took down a defenseless animal from 290 yards away and you are proud of  it. Doesn't get much more disgusting than that.
So brave shooting defenseless animals with your high-powered rifle. Now all you need is a silencer.
Nice shot
Sorry don’t killing animals unless for food
What a shitty retweet Jr
pronghorns are fast buggers. nice shot
What a beautiful animal.  This is disgusting.
Congrats!
I guess everyone here is 100% vegetarian. Oh well looks like good eats to me! Hell of a shot from 290 yards!
y'all had better use every fucking part of that animal.
I don't care for hunting for food but find those posed with dead animal facing camera creepy as fuck like serial killer.
It’s dead. Why are you holding it up like that?  That’s fucking demented.
