Wow.. you and the creep.
Who? More interested in the Dead Moose's Name?
They should mount your heads on the wall
No prairie dog on the menu? No time when your a ceo of CLOUD BASED Medical billing CORP. JOBS TO MONTANA, by way lf Lehi Utah?
He's a Bit## as white guy
Did he body slam you guys? Asking for a friend

For each one strongly approving of trump there are two strongly disapproving. 
Republican Merchants of DEATH celebrate $1 TRILLION TAX CUT for VICIOUS RICH in Trumpcare/GOP GENOCIDE, KILL MILLIONS STEAL BILLIONS
Well there you go.
Nice prize trophy buck! Did you bodyslam it yourself?
Do you guys like what he did to the reporter?

GOP candidate Greg Gianforte just body-slammed a reporter asking about his support of the GOP health care repeal bill. Vote Rob Quist 5/25 
I hope he didn't bodyslam y'all...

Montana GOP candidate has financial links to Russian firms sanctioned by US: report http://hill.cm/KI6rcBc  
How many Prairie dogs did you shoot before your lovely dinner? #dtjr=idk if it's endangered.# just killit
With your Dad loving Ivanka more, your lack of any accomplishments, and that weak chin, no wonder you're so angry all the time.
Wow, so jealous, we call that a compliment in the wealthy world, when a sponge and loser has to use insults to make them feel better.
Loved this place...until seeing this photo. Now it's all yours! BTW, did you tip the waitstaff and not complain? I actually know the answer.
Did Greg body slam you Steve?
Now THAT one (@DonaldJTrumpJr) I would have been perfectly fine with you body slamming and punching!
If only that elk had fallen on your head.
@realDonaldTrump and @SpeakerRyan Hear screams of MERCY, MERCY and think they are hearing Merci, Merci!
#Gianforte #GianforteForJail #GianforteAssault #CorruptCop #Gootkin
#GodSeesYourSins #YouWillBeJudged

http://www.tmz.com/2017/05/24/montana-politician-greg-gianforte-body-slam-guardian-reporter …
Eating with a Russian Spy
@gianforte @DonaldJTrumpJr @GregForMontana Did you body-slam the cook? He probably deserves it for serving you three.
Was this before or after your journalist hunt?
Is #beansoup the new metaphor for #AltRight? Or does it just mean hiding from constituents while courting those ill-equipped for leadership?
Three primitive douchebags. Thanks for making the lives of women, gays and anyone who breathes fucking air just that much harder #beansoup
Senator Daines you are a great Senator. Thank you for your great Service.
Hey look! It's three millionaires representing everyday MT.  Gag.
When are you going to come to MT & hold a #townhall #mtpol Last time was in Aug. Lots has changed in MT!
I'd rather seen Donald Jr in wh..Jared/Ivanka r not who they pretend you're be.
Watch out for what he grabs! Probably runs in the family.
HOPE IT WAS GREAT TIME. YOU DO A GREAT JOB REPRESENTING THE GREAT STATE OF MONTANA, SENATOR @SteveDaines
Glad to know you spent my tax dollars on this.  Represent your state and your constituents instead of being a republican sellout.
As a Montanan, I HATE all three of them
Nothing sadder than silver spoon types pretending to be salt of the earth.
Probably after you three fools went out to "have fun" killing prairie dogs.  What a sickening trio this is.
I wouldn't brag about being around that guy... He is almost as big a piece of crap as his father... 
What the hell is wrong with you idiots grow up! There is nothing wrong with having dinner it looks awesome to me. Wish I were there!
I LOVE Montana!!!
You should be having NOTHING to do w/politics & u should pay ur own protection, not us. MT didn't vote FOR 45, they voted AGAINST Hillary.
It would be great if France  elected a Woman President to fight sexist religions  --Hi
Seriously, how much is this stunt costing the taxpayers? Show us the receipts on the secret service costs for @DonaldJTrumpJr 's grand tour
The Real Jersey Lilly, Langtry TX. Still there. Just Saying.
A president's son, a senator, & a congressman all walk into a bar..joke? No that's just MT
You sure do have douchey friends, so I'm guessing you are the same.
I note Junior is never hunting with his dad.  Someone..has daddy issues.  Hunting=time with men to satiate a lonely boy.
Can senior even handle a gun without shooting someone by accident?
Hope you paid for your trip and your secret service out of your pocket not mine.  This was a personal trip
Nice costume, @DonaldJTrumpJr !
you look great
Total loser. No career at all.

Killing innocent creatures in NOT cool
Look at these grifters...all butched up in their Montana clothes! What a joke!  I am surprised Steve didn't loan them his matching camo togs
Showing them the sights that grifters like Donnie Jr. and Greg have never seen??
have a great one
I hope you guys ordered the sheep herder or devours. It's a crazy combo. Glad to see you two showed Mr. Trump some of the best of eastern MT
No one CARES who junior has dinner with!  How much are these trips costing us taxpayers???
Have a lot of free time when you aren't attending town hall meetings you coward. You don't represent MT! Vacate your seat!
Say Hello to Judge Roy Bean
you have sunk lower than I thought possible
...because he's eating dinner?!
uh?
Man, this Chump family sure likes to see themselves a lot.  Sad, Terrible, Reallly sad and terrible.
Been out shooting prairie dogs?
Aw, look at Greg, trying to look all Montanay.
So why do all you Libtoids express such negative tweets. Have you lost common decent behavior entirely.  Disgusting
Nah, we just sunk to the behavior we've seen from the conservitive elite. So it's like eye for eye.
Bust a bunch of prairie dogs for me, hope you have a great time.
You guys are up to good! :-)
CATTLEMEN....DARN AUTO CORRECT
Best beans in the West, Enjoy. Cracks me up, Don Jr won't soon forget your grand tour..good chance your in company with best Cathleen in USA
Where's Ingomar?
Is this before or after you shot and killed wildlife.  Hope you had fun your days are numbered #Trumprussia we know you're dealing there
Always ignoring supporters in Missoula County. Disappointed.
Here is a real question for you fellas. Would coal and oil be profitable if not for subsidies they get?
And why do small businesses pay 40% tax while fortune 500 companies dodge billions annually? #MakeAmericaWokeAgain
Nice
"Jersey" Lilly.  #appropriate
didn't no one tell you it's rude to sit at the table with your hat on
Didn't anyone teach you how to formulate a proper sentence with punctuation? Or tell you it's rude to comment on others' manners?
Where's Eric?
wow, a little Eastern tour :-) #EndlessSky #Montana #LastBestPlace
show us the fish you caught
With all you hot air lies & bean soup, you must have cleared out the place. Go back to New Jersey.
Good call BettyLu!  These pigs are ruining our country.
Chili?
The boys...
Did we pay for your dinner?
Who paid for dinner? Mexico? Oops, sorry I asked. The American people of course.
I like you Paul. You seem sassy. Good thing you don't have a pair.
AWESOME, I love how real and down to earth all the TRUMPS are in spite of how wealthy and that is why we love them all!
Not much to be proud about there. You found a dumber Trump than the pres. Congrats. Back to your stump Jr!

Lucky guys!
Love tho moose smoking a cig. And of coarse don jr. Is drinking Pepsi,  for world peace of course  ; )
Careful now, that moose might have a bug in his ear & hear you discussing #Trumprussia.

Great pic! thanks for sharing.
I would venture that the greatest intellect at that meal was the moose.
gophers and prairie dogs are different critters. The AP story was #FakeNews Even so, neither would still be pregnant as of about 3 weeks ago
I'm saying they are not currently pregnant. In fact, that's exactly what I said. Should I type a little slower for you?
Gophers destroy crops and carry disease. Their holes break the legs of cattle, horses, elk, deer, etc. We manage their population via .22lr
Just grabbing dinner...?
The jersey lily is epic place
Why do you assume you paid for his meal? People have to eat for Christ's sake.
Great photo!  Enjoy

What innocent creature did you kill today Junior?!
Will you guys look into the unprotected border near Havre. Obama manager not doing his job. #MAGA #BuildTheWall
Cool, lucky.

AP interview proves your father's brain has exploded over trump/Russia.

Was this before or after you killed innocent animals?
Looks comfy!
Thanks for all who are doing everything they can to #DrainTheSwamp, put #AmericaFirst. You are #BESTforMontana. #mtal #mtpol #TrumpInMontana
Please explain in detail, EXACTLY what they have actually done??? That is or was of any good now or future???

And??????? Still have not backed his actions with ANY kind of facts...Trump has become the swamp..
Cuck much?
Sweet. 3 lame white dudes talking about some version of the country that's divorced from reality for 99% of us. Go wash your face.
Wow. Serious question: is the #MSM out to get you?
Three gays
Love that State best living in the world... & Skiing is Outstanding
I voted for you once Steve. No more. You lack substance and have sold out the values of Montanans.
My experience w/Montana folk is that they take character seriously. Respect.
Just make sure all you're grabbing is dinner and not p....
I could be there.  But I gave all my money to your father's campaign....but I'm good with that
A good investment. Thank you sir.
Looks like such a great homey place! I'm glad you enjoyed it!  ♡♡♡
Says the guy who built a cabin beside the river, like it is anybody else fault but your own for  river encroachment. Not your fault huh?
Billionaire 1: "Are we folky enough yet?"
Billionaire 2: "Hmmm... better give the moose a cigarette"
Featuring both Coke and Pepsi so as not to offend any pop guzzlers who vote.
Barf
I know, right! Three straight, white, American males.  It's absolutely disgusting, isn't it?

