You look like you're really working hard… almost as hard as Trump! 
Did you meet w the tribes you screwed over w the Dakota Access Pipeline, or are you too scared?
After the spill where the Russian steel was installed I would imagine he's too scared to be contaminated. Might mess up it is robotic look
Soros paying you well to spewing out hateful troll posts?
I'm just a guy with two kids trying to make it through this crazy life. And I'm tired of the daily craziness coming from Trump. No pay
lol, right. You are a paid Soros shill, advocating evil. Shame on you.
Have you read your own Twitter page? I'm pretty sure everybody else has. I don't understand how a guy who declares white nationalism
You are the racist, you are a hater - and not that clever. Boring. Typical beta male wanting to destry an alpha male, you are disgusting.
Better get a good look now bc the EPA and Dept of Interior are going to destroy it
If your not from Montana or that tribe, you don't know what you are talking about
Your right and America belongs to u! In Asheville,NC i got to know many natives. I feel an innate guilt 4 what my people did. I have tried.
I have a sneaking suspicion they didn't want to meet with you...
I have a sneaky suspension that someone has no idea what they are talking about
You think @VP is full of it too, I see. 
Love the logic of east coast liberals. FYI MT is between Canada and Wyoming on a map
There are liberals in Montana and Wyoming
While that is true, person in point was not from either. It's very easy to armchair quarterback half way across the continent
Point was about trump war on Indian country. That's not a partisan point ... you want pipeline leaking in beautiful MT?
I dare you to meet with the tribes who will be negatively impacted by the Dakota Pipeline.
Ummm I would recommend a geography lesson. The pipeline wasn't on reservation land
Um I'd recommend a history lesson. It was ALL reservation land
I have a number of maps that say otherwise. Additionally reservations ad to Supression so we either want equality or not which is it
No, no you really don't. You missed the point. Purposefully I assume. Love equality lessons from those who feel superior. 
Please do not go to Vatican Trump stay here and us to be safer we need you
Zinke - did you tell any of them to 'be nice, don't be rude'? You're a sexist jackwagon, just like your boss.
Awesome I wanna go!
Are we planning on invading the Crow Nation now?
I have my first crush since Elementary school.  
Should ride out to the keystone pipeline that's already had a leak
You have any actual documentation of that or just more environmental propaganda? Where in the CONSTRUCTION process did that happen? Fact chk

Beautiful America right, Vice President Pence?  You are it's Daddy now!  You fit right into the scenery!  Handsome!  You "blend".  
Have any comments on those #Chemtrails Sir @VP?
We see them too, in Australia!
@Midgespeaks @SteveDaines @SecretaryZinke I'm jealous!
With all this going on comma this is your argument? Are you brain-dead mr. Vice president? This circus needs to end and you with it. Resign!
That's until DJT wants to take their land&gets you to lie about it after the fact.
thats hillarious.
Isaiah 49:25
But thus says the Lord: “Even the captives of the mighty shall be taken away, And the prey of the [1/2]
terrible be delivered; For I will contend with him who contends with you, And I will save your children. [2/2]
Thank you @VP @mike_pence @FLOTUS @POTUS for all you are doing for our country. #AmericaFirst. You are appreciated. 
Classically dumb blonde...
OK we can keep ourselves divided like the evil one prefers or we can venture across boundaries as these people did. Which would you prefer?
I love Montana. Beautiful photos. I've worked on reservations. So rewarding working with Native people. Thanks for sharing.
fuk pence thanks them with 1 hand and steals land with the other
1/2 Attempted Narrative-we are friends to coal, Montana & Native Americans. #resist #Trumprussia
2/2 Actual Narrrative-as nervous on a horse as we are about Montanas upcoming election #nervousnellie #resist #Trumprussia #bodylanguage
Save Bears Ears!!! #StandWithBearsEars  #MonumentsForAll
Seems like you attract the cream of the Democratic dullard crop. Hillary lost get over it
How did the outside of that horse feel inside you?    
Who r u general custard? Get 2 work!
Looks great. Horse riding is so much fun. :)
Cool Beans @VP Did you speak at Norte Dame?
Did you have an orgy, Mike?
Way to g
Keep up the good work.Yehovah bless you and your family
Beautiful country. The outdoors fits you Mr. VPOTUS Pence.
looking for more Native American land to destroy with another leaking pipeline? #NoDAPL #SavetheEPA #SavetheEarth #scienceisreal #goaway
Which are the tribe's leaders? 
#GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #RUSSIANMADEWH #ReasonTREASON #IMPEACH #WannabDickTraitor #CompromisedPresidency #IMPEACH
@realDonaldTrump @Potus @VP @PressSec  @WhiteHouse 
Make America great again.
Respectfully, please resign.
Missing a hat there cowboy !
Did you thank them before or after you put the pipeline in?
What about the tribes that were affected by dapl? Did you meet with them too?
Glad you had fun "Mr Hands"
How could you subjugate you wife and daughter to Islamic sharia? I'm so disappointed with your decision to allow that.
Vice Pres  ... u enjoyed your horse back ride.. Please help stop slaughter of wild horses by BLM . The Omnibus bill needs to stop it
thats great.  now what r u doing to help the struggles of everyday americans? & dont say repealling the Affordable Care Act...
Uh huh.

Wheres the pic of #putin and @vp riding shirtless???!? #bullshit #brokebackmt #legalinmaine
Let be clear/ just in case you r hiding in your sound vacuum- we don't like you. #dainestownhall

Will the media please stop parroting the Trump regime lie that Mike Flynn "lied" to Pence? Pence knew. Pence is a master liar.

…
George Washington was a great horseman.  IF I ever become president I'll put a horse ranch instead of the basketball court
#NODAPL
"The $3.8bn oil pipeline,...spilled 84 gallons of crude oil at a South Dakota pump station, according to government regulators" https://twitter.com/StandingRockST/status/862540386417336323 …
I broke this down to cost 47.82 per barrel. This spill is equivalent to one month salary to me YIKES! I'd be doing porn to get by!
You actually found a horse whiter than you!
Big Sky Country! I've got lots of family there.
Happy to know our V.P. can ride a horse!  It's fun, isn't it?
There's nothing like it!
Look in' good in the saddle VP!
Wow @buzzyanne @SteveDaines @SecretaryZinke
Somewhere in our subconscious Americans were hoping that your horseback tour leader was fmr. VP & distant Darth Vader cousin, Dick Cheney.
come south to #Wyoming #foreverwest
I wonder if the tax money u used for this could've paid for YEARS worth of school lunches
Ummm where are the crow leaders, I just see his senator pals....
Some parts of America are very beautiful. Too bad GOP wants to sell it... and US being led by a man with a very ugly personality.
Pence the #Traitor disregarding the #Treason in the oval office. #complicit #TrumpRussiaCollusion #Impeach45 @FBI
Hey, just curious, but were you a straight shooter corrupted by #TrumpRussia toxicity, or have you never had integrity? You were on TV lying
Is that your honest feelings or just another lie?
Praying 4 u, ur family, Pres, &all the disrespectful haters. May God give us patience and wisdom among ignorance.pray 4 kids of the haters

Awsome!
Just a Republican here.   Glad you wore a shirt.  :)
#RaceBannon aka:@VP naturally gets the White horse.
So does the shear beauty open your eyes to what this admin looks to abuse?
Иппотерапия - Калининград, Россия
Mr.Pence it looks like you belong on a saddle
Please respect that the American people want our wilderness protected and w/o rape&pillage of profiteers#Doyourjob #nofossilfuel#greenenergy
Hey Mike, how does it feel to be thrown under the bus by Trump again? Do you still believe smoking is healthy or was that just because of $$
Beautiful country.  Put on a hat...  You may be VP but skin cancer doesn't care...
What about the pipeline sir
Did you ride on a proposed pipeline route?
Now it's time for YOU to remember it's the job of Washington to PROTECT these lands. EPA bears monitoring with eagle eyes (pun intended)
WELL VP PENCE YOU MAKE A VERY HANDSOME COWBOY !!!
The places that are necessary to visit to rachaege our positive energy .
I suppose my invite got lost in the post 
Keep flighting the good fight.
i hate you i hateyouihatey ou. yall look so fucking ugly.
Beautiful horses. Beautiful landscape. Very picturesque.
Incredible
That's nice
Was this before or after you met with the Russian official
"Yes this will be a great spot to have a pipeline"
There's some land that will be developed soon. You and trump care nothing for our environment.
While you and your administration try to take away their land.
Very brokeback mountain. I can imagine what went down next.
Crow Nation leaders. Go back & scrub that saddle & bridle & definitely give that beautiful animal a bath.  I can guarantee it feels dirty.
as a Hoosier I could not be more proud of our VP what an improvement over our last one
Where is @CNN @MSNBC What a great event!
the religious persecute the religious. Anyone thinking they occupy the moral high ground feels entitled to control or destroy others.
You are living the good life
Oh boy! I would have loved to be on that ride. Beautiful country.
puzzle worthy photos
Thanks for sharing n your hard work 
Maybe wear a hat or shades, @VP. God doesn't mind if you try to keep the sun out of your eyes. 

Then again, maybe you prefer being blind.
Enjoy the fresh air.... you won't get any in jail!
And I will continue to screw over other tribes to make more money for our #LiarInChief
Tribal leaders tho? The ironic horror.
Why don't you take your shirt off like your idol Vladimir Putin
Help me out here people, what's the name of that movie with the cowboys again? You know the one.
"I always say, there's nothing like stealing your lands, then having you be honored to give me a tour of those lands." -Pence
Hypocrisy at it's finest. Acting like you care about Nation Tribes.
Gorgeous scenery
Beautiful ! Thank  you Crow Nation!
All due respect Sir but that is not how you hold the reins
So you met with Crow Nation tribal leaders(who I don't see anywhere) to go see...a mine? Ummmm...
Are you planning to build a pipeline there?  Secret scout mission?  #imbecile
Wow, he sent you far far away while he destroys democracy...how does it feel to have sold your soul to Trump?
Who is leaking these photos of Pence determining which part of this country he will destroy next? SAD!!
I'm not saying this is a good thing but crap on a cracker you and POTUS could not be more different.
 A new vaca spot?
Wow...our V.P. looks very handsome on that horse!!
Interesting that the pics touting meeting with Crow Nation contain only old white men...
Love our Vice President! !
Translation: Great scouting trip for the next pipeline project.
Mr. President, what should I do?
Trump: Mike, go on a field trip...uh, go talk about Jesus or whatever the fuck it is you do.
Hey MIKEY, why don't you visit Standing Rock on horseback?
#hypocrite. What you did re: Dakota Access pipeline is reprehensible.  Put a pipeline in your backyard
Amazing
Cherokee For America & America for Trump. Trump For America! God Bless You
Yes, let's bring back filthy outdated coal instead of 21st century solutions
"If you guys had any oil around here, I'd begin construction of a pipeline crossing all of your waterways!"
I love mike pence. A true gentleman and leader.
Where is your hat VP?  Beautiful.  How  nice!!
How perfectly ironic, since everything that comes out of yours and Trumps mouth is horses*#t!!!
So cool!!
#MikePence 
Please wear a helmet next time you ride, better safe than sorry!
Staying out of the kitchen. #peacefulpence
Where is your hat? Jesus can't save you from a sunburn!
That would been beautiful
Right but you never visited natives that you screwed over with DAPL, thats already leaked, like they predicted.
A dream of the American Spirit 
Did they give you a well behaved horse?
Beautiful
It is a comfortable feeling to see government officials conducting this Nation's business on horseback.
Don't the Crow Nation Tribal leaders know Pence and 45 are planning hostile take over some of the sacred lands of various tribes!
Did they ask you about DAPL Paleface?????
Every time I see a white horse I think it would look better with a horn
Don't just tour. Get in the mine and stay there.
Are you pushing to drill there too?  The environment is beautiful,  right? Remember that when you push for getting rid of the EPA
The irony of it all.  The swamp is full now.
@gianforte @MTGOP GREAT PHOTOS GENTLEMEN !!!
This is America with real Americans.
Broke Bank mountain
they can't do that in South Dakota because of the leaking oil... nice hack FROM the ru$$ian TURD$
You're the man is doing mind refreshness while your busy schedule.it's good for motivation to our mind.

Come on guys, you ride in tie downs?
Or " manipulated Indians that's don't understand what's good for the like i do, just trust me " as Sen. Hatch calls em.
Hope your lily white butt hurts
Good thing Sen. Hatch isn't with you to further insult the intelligence of the Native Americans.
Hi, Vice President Pence, you should bring President Trump do this kind of thing with you. He really needs resting for while.
I'm very surprised the Crow don't have ANY female leaders?!?
What beautiful photos! Thank you for sharing these with us.
Did you refer to their women as "Pocahontas" like your insulter-in-chief does??
Do you have any substance or are you just a thanking tool
