Bringing this kind of attitude to the House.

Welcome to congress Greg "Body Slam" Gianforte. Let the body slamming begin.

Body slam those bills congressman, body slam em.
Oh yes, let's welcome w/open arms an admitted & convicted assaulter. Be careful not to make him angry. @gianforte @RepMimiWalters
Yeah, welcome to congress.  How's that anger management class coming along?  It sickens me that someone like you is a member of Congress
others citizens who have faced similar offensive charges As Gianforte, & so call justice system  impose worst penalties but this guy was
Praised & welcome to congress! Such an exemplary leader! WTF! Just garbage.
Judge Orders Republican Greg Gianforte Who Assaulted A Reporter 2 B  Formally Booked On Assault Charge (8/21/17):

Squeaker of the House who can’t rub two nickels together and get a dime, welcomes the latest Republican felon to the WHITE Congress.
#ResistGOP2017 & #vote2018
But you are convicted and need to follow the law!  But you Republicans all think you are above it!
#Shame
Protesters with disabilities stage a "die-in" over cuts to Medicaid outside of Sen. Mitch McConnell's office. 
Great welcome to a criminal that assaulted the First Amendement. Now Greg won't cough up his fingerprints. Stand up guy.
Hey Greg, can I borrow a bandaid?
Punches me in the face.
"Rub some dirt on it you'll be fine."

@lisamurkowski @SenDanSullivan @gianforte
Isn't he the one beating up journalists?
Yes, they had the nerve to ask him about Health Care.
#ThugLife
It's sad that you're warmly welcoming a criminal into the House...but then again, so many of you are, so.....
The thug who had to take anger management for body slamming a kid and breaking his glasses, right? Should fit right in.
Lookee there.  A new criminal in the Congress.  He will feel comfortable.
Can't wait until @GregForMontana puts @SpeakerRyan in a splaedle for asking him for the time.
Four of the phoniest people on the planet right there in the photo, doing what they do best-- NOTHING! Paul Ryan has been in a coma until tariffs surfaced.  Not checking the Executive branch hoping the Russians conduct the midterms, too. https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/what-swamp-lobbyists-get-ethics-waivers-to-work-for-trump/ar-BBK0enJ?ocid=spartandhp …
@gianforte is a bully with no respect for the 1st Amendment. He should be in jail.
Of course Ryan welcomes a man that committed assault on a reporter.
Lawlessness rules:
Hi handsome
#Felon #needs to go to prison  #nothingbutabully
Great job welcoming a criminal into Congress! He should fit in perfectly with your crew Speaker Ryan!
Paul, did Greg body slam you?
Always good to get the latest assault tips. #GregTheThug
How long do you think it'll be before your body slammed and punched in the face a couple times by a Torah Jew or a Irishman?
We asked: #KeepUsCovered. But Senate health bill won’t do that. Vote NO @SteveDaines
#Shame on @SpeakerRyan
This is the seminal image of our battle. She’s being arrested for protesting ACA repeal outside McConnell’s office. https://twitter.com/desiderioDC/status/877914158787842048 … 
This is outside @SenateMajLdr office. He was paid nearly $500,000 for drafting this bill to take Medicaid from these people.

#Shame
Protester ripped from her wheelchair and carried off

#NoCutsNoCaps #StopTrumpcare 
Handicap people are subject to the same laws...
Handicap people have more fragile bodies than fit and active bodies. #Lawsuit
Seating this felon shows just who you are
So did he deck anyone while he was there? #shiningexample #angermanagement
Who did he try to beat up this time?
is this not the man that punched out a reporter?  Is this your idea of a statesman?
You are worthless for allowing him into the senate after assaulting a reporter... just worthless... actually DEPLORABLE is more accurate.
Punch a reporter you win GOP seat! Way to promote violence as solution. Another gross GOP display of morals don't matter!
Did he body slam his way in?
GOP needed another bully.
https://mobile.nytimes.com/aponline/2017/06/23/us/politics/ap-us-congress-health-overhaul-taxes.html …
Hey, look, another room full of looooooooosers
Anyone get a #knucklesandwich for lunch at the capital today?? Chef @gianforte .. so ridiculous @SpeakerRyan just can't avoid bad optics
Did he ceremonially body slam you before leaving?
is he going to body slam some more reporters and then lie about it again!  Welcome!!
Hope he can keep his hands to himself!
@gianforte C'mon guys. He apologized. Right after his campaign tried unsuccessfully to blame it on the journalist. Stay classy GOP
If the bill passes you got blood on your hands. Rich get Richer, the poor get poorer.
Oh there is the body slammer if he doesn't get his way will he body slam one of you Gawd what a joke smdh
The good people of Montana are physically safer with him in Washington. There's that.
Now please do something good.  Don't take away healthcare from75,000 Montanans. #wwjd
Lock him up
Welcoming another @GOP criminal.
Has anyone told him there is no hitting in Congress? You may need to add that to the orientation briefing just for him.
Oh go kiss him!
Maybe it's the contrast. Hang on while I grab my sunglasses.
So great to have a thug like Gianforte in office. This is what @GOP as become. Party of thugs and #wealthcare bandits.
And for smashing a member of the press.  #bully #rageaholic #notreadyforprimetime

The party of thrugs and bullies! Yeah!!!
@SenateGOP what a hero.
Yes, someone to be proud of, another bully.
Hope nobody gets slam dunked during a temper tantrum.
White, white, white, white, white, white, white, white. All white, pretty sure all criminals. For sure the 2 standing next to 1 in skirt
You hope he punched you when in the face at the end. You seated a felon in our congress.
Isn't this the coward who assaulted someone for just doing their job?
Thug!  Just another angry white guy who knows nothing about the real world.
This man is a bully just like our President! Will u actually do something when he attacks another reporter or person asking him questions
Are you serious? What is wrong with you? This guy assaulted someone and you're openly welcoming him? Do you ever just reflect? Come on!
Why are we putting criminals in the house?  I know we have good people to put in office

Thanks for welcoming a felon into your disfuctional clusterf*co.

You're a horrible little man.
Huh, watch out for that guy if you disagree with him...angry white dude.
The Gianforte character assaults a reporter and gets a warm welcome from #LyinRyan. How #GOP of them.
Did he greet you @SpeakerRyan by punching you in the face or body slamming you? That seems to be his standard of behavior.
A bully greeting another bully, yet another example of the depths to which this Congress has sunk.
Another thug in Congress
You welcome a guy who assualted a reporter your level of leadership is horrific.
Ryan, you're a joke. You have no soul. You have no spine. You are not a good person.
Were you afraid of you didn't welcome him publicly he'd body slam you?
hopefully your new congress person has a learned a lesson about body slamming people and won't attack you if he gets annoyed with u
Another criminal.
Pos
The only thing Gianforte represents is general douchebaggery. #proudlyvotedforquist
I'm sure had you refused him, he would have pummeled you
No Linda McMahon for this presser?
Guy needs tights & a mask.
You can body slam people all over the place now
Seriously?? This nut assaulted someone and you're giving a hardy welcome?? You need to go!! Hope you're voted out.
So he got a symbolic se,tence. Good thing he is not black and poor. Then hewould be in jail till 2030 or shot.
Repeal and/or replacement of ACA must happen & should result in lower premiums, greater availability of care and more indivual choice.
Confront & RESIST dangerous rhetoric coming from some claiming any changes to ACA will kill people. Such talk is laboratory for violence.
This lying, dangerous criminal that you like so much should be recalled. The cesspool you are running is draining all over America.
Hi do you guys care about assault at all or just need that vote?
Watch out for the choke slam. Has a trial date been set?
the only community service you will probably do is the one you have been sentenced to
yes welcome to congress Mr. Abuser. Are you violent with everyone or just reporters?
Did he body slam anybody on his way in?
You CAN NOT give states the option to op out on parts of the healthcare  bill
Welcome to Congressman Assault. He fits right in.
Got a lot of white sycophants up there. You're puppet masters would be proud of your almost real smile.
You're a shameless hack
Welcome to Congress Mr. Felony Assault!
Will the new Rep. teach you his technique for body slamming reporters who ask "hard" questions?
Question:if I body slam someone that'd be a felony, right. If a reporter body slammed you, felony? I want to be sure I know the "new" rules.
Be careful, he might beat you up.  Do your job, hold the President accountable
"Stay away from our children"
Another scum bag joins the House. He'll fit right in!
Thank you our Congress American doing good job everyday
Welcoming someone who admits assaulting a journalist.. That speaks volumes about you and your Republican cowards.
did he body slam you???
Wait til he slams you
Can we get Arnold Schwarzenegger to interview him?   I don't think he will be such a tough guy.
Welcome to hell Rep. Ryan bcuz that is where you're going. U use children for photo ops but u take away the very thing that keeps them alive

Thug life.
I recommend you don't piss him off.
Welcome to congress potential convicted felon. Perhaps you'd like to sit next to Mr. Ryan.
Jesus. I can hear the goose-steps from here.
God please I hope n pray America gets justice for what you N your fellow Republicans have done to OUR WHITE HOUSE.. NOT YOURS!!
Gianforte, who body slammed a reporter and was convicted of the crime!?
Hideous
did you happen to mention that he can't attack anyone in Cogress if he doesn't like the question??
Gianforte is a despicable human
Do you typically give violent people such a warm welcome?  Oh that's right, criminal justice is just for brown people. Silly me.
Hand to God! Greed is Good!
Rep. Thug   The family values candidate.
Did he body slam you?
Another republucan thug.
Omg, you didn't just make special mention of a convicted assaulter.
Watch out he doesn't knock you down when he disagrees with you... sad example for America ..and you sound so proud of him.. tell your kids!
Really?
Seriously, warmly welcome a guy who can't control a violent temper but wants to be a politician?! He should be in jail. #GOPShame
I double dog dare you to stick a microphone in his face and ask him about Russia!
You're happy to welcome thugs into Congress. That's pretty telling.
Dont piss him off he may deck you well that really wouldnt be such a bad thing as you should be decked
Yes, welcome to our GOP gang of suit wearing thugs, liars, thieves and traitorous trash! You're in great company!!
How does someone literally attack a journalist and then get voted into office. You have no shame Paul.
Did he hit anyone yet?
Another R criminal in congress. I'm sure that makes you all more comfortable to be around your own kind.
Another sterling Republican bully added to the mix. What a group
Shame! Welcome to a violent criminal?
Bully pulpit!
A smirking collection of happy idiots. Not a real smile in the lot. Smart ones aren't even trying, more like what the fuck am I doing here?
Speechless....
Hill reporters...sue his ass if he touches you!!!
Nice to have someone who will 'FIGHT' for the American People
Don't ask him about Trumpcare! He'll body slam you. No, wait, by all means, Ask!!
@gianforte @GregForMontana  The pen is mightier than the sword.  --Edward Bulwer-Lytton
Just another nail in the coffin of democracy. Gag me with a spoon.
Why did he not wear his orange jump suit
Has he beat anyone up yet?
Give him time
Craptastic. Another bully. He'll fit right in.
Try NOT to choke anyone out!!!
Sir, why did you body slam that reporter? Well anyways, welcome to congress.
Did your honorable guest punch anyone out?
Disgusting.
