I want my Obamacare it saved my life Quit screwing things up
And how much will this cost us? I heard trillions. Guess you'll just send the bill to Mexico for that too, huh? 
Where is your "terrific" replacement? American lives are in the balance.
Pics or it didn't happen.
DEVOS:
I took public funds & gave them to private elite schools. 

US:
how is this draining the swamp? 
Seriously tho?
So now you applaud them for acting against your platform? Repeal & no replace now? Was replace just another lie?
the donald as a week to go and many things are already getting fixed!
And what exactly r u replacing it with?
Still no solutions from the all-knowing Trump. #FascistDon #NotMyPresident
zzzzzzzzz
absolutely!!!!
As a nurse practitioner, Obamacare is the worst attempt at Healthcare I've ever seen!
you want to kill us all
#Trump Won! God has Blessed America w/Victory! Rem: God is Pro-Life, what side are you on? I know!
god doesn't support hate, god doesn't support to deport people or take away health care, god is embarassed that
god doesn't support drug cartels bringing in illegal people and drugs  destroying American s
so sad you do not care about the sick, what will and when will you help my family that will have no insurance
@GeorgeTakei @georgelopez @BetteMidler @HamillHimself You ignororamous! We need a replacement before you take it away...
Sure, let's leave 30 million Americans without any healthcare.
Trump ran on repeal and won the popular vote in 30 states vs 19 for HRC. This is expected.
yup way to stick it to the low income people.
And then we can start counting the bodies...
and what will be the replacement? Or are you willing to leave the people that need Obama care with no coverage?
make America sick again
A shitty slogan developed & iterated by closed minded democrats. Hurt 330 million to help 20 million = SICK!
Hurts how?
increased deductibles, increased costs, companies reducing hours (part time) keeping your doctor, just a few
I guess it's kind of hard to see uninsured people dying in the streets from so high up in Trump Tower!
We the American people want to see your taxes. PEOTUS
Will this now be referred to as "Trump Care"? How scary for us all!
think I'll get some chipotle today...By the way could you release your tax returns please? I'm no reporter #showmethemoney

u are all over the fucking map no rhyme or reason to what u say and u hav no replacement for the heathcare admit it
I hope all Americans that you strip of health care show up at Trump tower demanding solutions for this idiotic move.
It is great to see you celebrate so many of your supporters losing their health insurance. Maybe they will start to wake up
I know so we can finally afford insurance that makes sense instead of this overpriced garbage #RepealObamacare
Yet, still no plan to replace....
How is leaving ppl without insurance better than the ACA?
Aside from the rudeness @scrowder doesn't explain here why or how simply replacing ACA is better tho
@realDonaldTrump
@Rosie
@BreakingNews  @BBCBreaking @cnnbrk @ReutersLive @CBSTopNews @ABCNewsLive @SocialTeesNYC @nytimes
Buyer's remorse...it will be coming....
http://nymag.com/thecut/2017/01/the-senate-just-voted-to-roll-back-womens-healthcare.html …
Unless Republicans include a similar provision in their new bill. I support ACA, but this is a bad argument
some of them have said high risk pools would be best. This protects no one unfortunately,
We must fight aggressively against high risk pools.
Agreed. My husband is disabled. This stuff is just nerve wracking for us.
If you can, try to tell you story (local news, to your neighbors, etc). Can win people over with humanity.
We have been. His insulin alone would be around $5000.00 out of pocket.
thank you Trump for representing us where Bernie failed!
Vote for @BTS_twt for #BBMAs' Top Social Artist using this hashtag #BTSBBMAs
Why are you talking about BTS on a political post?
@Reince you lied or are too weak to fulfill your promises.  This isn't better for all Americans, just the 1% #pathetic
Lets get it done already! Day light is burn'n
How can the Government force the people to buy something? That's Nazi Germany crap.
When U r sick on a hosp bed, U wil sing a difrent tune. U, McConnel Ryan Chaffetz and all who collude w/U n hurting ppl!
@Reince 2 months later....
Not sure taking insurance away from 20 million people is worth celebrating.  Wonder how they'll vote next time? #TrumpCare
He isn't taking insurance away...he is replacing it.
yea but hes repealing without anything to replace it.
or even a month.  Just be patient.
ps if you are relying on the ACA atm bc you are ill, a month is too long
I'm not repeating myself again.
but what his supporters dont kno is pp cant levally use tax money 4 abortions
Cash me Assad.. how'd this turn out? #Trumprussia #somuchwinning
U are such an evil soul. I hope 1day U wil suffer 100x more than the suffering uv caused others. Curse be on U.
"on to", you dolt.
That didn't work out so well huh :)
- you are a distraction in order for the politicans to get their agendas pushed forward. I am ashamed of you.
hello I am sceptic about your new CIA and Tillerson leaving. Somebody is messing with your info on both. Search again
congratulates Senate death panel.
Yeah, congratulations. You have just started addressing this and don't have majority to pass without democrats. Good luck.
YOU LIED TO US YOU SAID YOU WOULD REPLACE at same time. We will never vote for you again. LIAR
blame congress vote them out in 2018 and replace with folks who support trump promises!
Congratulating the Senate for doing something that will result in tens of thousands of additional deaths each year...
are you pro choice?
#ProLife
74 million didnt 4 u mandate my ass!!!!!
I read it was repealed with no replacement and now people are not covered who were. Where are the replacements?
and now millions of Americans once again uninsured.  Sad!
I asked Google to define swamp
and the #republikkans are murderers.
Yo momma's so fat when she stood on the scale it said "One at a time please"
I think I left my condoms at your mum's house last night.
You &  all of Congress shld have same healthcare the rest of us have. You r shitting all over the American people.
and the plan Donnie?you and the good ol boys. Any impact on their ins ?
.....i say again!!!RUN!!!Donald!!!RUN!!!!!!!
Gay? I’m straighter than the pole your mom dances on.
my mom only gets 770 a month in ss and her rent is 700 and can't even pay all her bills ele gas and water please help her
get rid of the whole thing..good
You're seriously deluded. #Obamacare is a great thing. There's no argument. Crazy. Head shaker.
WE CARE ABOUT YOUR #taxreturns #ICareAboutTheTaxReturns #ICARE #crook #loser
it was a given you were a con man, deviate, sexual predator & likely an incestual pedophile; but now you're a murderer.
you said replace at the same time.
Please make sure people with pre-existing conditions aren't penalized!!  I truly do wish you luck!
@Reince  As a cancer survivor(40 yrs) repealing #ACA will KILL people. I lived in fear for over 20 yrs w/ per existing cond
Is it possible that special clauses or alternatives can be provided for the terminally ill patients that need ACA?
hooray for making 30 million people uninsured! Tell me, when are the Republicans coming up with a new health plan?
he's been switching since the election.
GET GRABBED
The zoo called. They’re wondering how you got out of your cage?
Thanks for killing me and others like me. But your pockets will be filled by big pharma, so I guess it doesn't matter.
lol "murder"
Like people haven't died while Obamacare was in place...
Yes, Mason. People die.
Great idea is Congress should have whatever plan they pass for US for themselves & family.  No reason to not support that
@FoxNews why ok for Obama to visit (aide ratings ) on Late Night TV and not ok for PEOTUS not ok to endorse LlBean?
Vladimir Putin's BITCH......Donald J Drumpf
YOU WILL PAY YOU WILL PAY
ItsDaWorldOfSNuGGLEZ
Unbelievable that the Seante would take steps to kill this before a replacement policy was in place.
In hopes that A new plan will actually be affordable!
that's Great!!!  Can't wait to count up the dead bodies!!!
BARRING ANYTHING FROM MCCLOWN, WE SHOULD HAVE A WIN!
get down from that damn tower. You are NOT a king
@brunelldonald I like trumpbecause the majority hate him I'm a minority i always roll with my status think people
waiting impatiently for the replacement.
thanks, may be after obamacare is repeal I will go to the doctor again, now I have a high copay and I do not go
What happened to having a plan in place to replace it? Or is this one more thing you're going to reneg on?
@Reince Tell that to faces of Americans losing healthcare. GOP has no solution. In 8 yrs.
I hope Trumpcare will be a lot better
,at least Senate made a move in right direction
be careful how you proceed. You're just a man and these are our lives.
Children will die for lack of health care. Also, I want to see your taxes &  I'm not a reporter.
Obamacare is same as affordable care ! Just want the man name off .
if he really wants to help take the health insurance away from his cabinet Senators make them pay for it on their own
and this is what's going to be the end of the GOP
congratulations. Let's get some decent Insurance here this is ridiculous. I am so grateful you are the president. Blessings
You do great job. Vova is so proud of you. Strong can fight. Better to keep people sick!
Hopefully term limits are next.
Give the people the exact same coverage as the Congress! Be fair!
How about actually building a replacement first? No? Ok, I guess we'll just fuck with health care for the sake of politics.
Let's not be so proud of a Climate Denying, Homo Phobic, unethical, Billionaire Boys Club cabinet.  Be Presidential!
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like a coma.
First step to murdering the sick and innocent. Your kind of people,huh Donnie golden boy?
http://occupydemocrats.com/2017/01/17/370-cities-across-world-just-announced-trump-inauguration-protests/ …
And the replacement is????
my  college student daughter has epilepsy. Medication is 9$ a month. After repeal it will be $725 a month. Thanks jackass!
Where's the replacement, you orange orangutan?
@Reince Some of us will never "just get over it". You're a bunch of liars.  #notmypresident
taking health care from young families who would otherwise not be able to be insured and put food on the table. Jackass
I hear when you were a child your mother wanted to hire somebody to take care of you, but the mafia wanted too much.
So the Poor can now DIE...Cut out those slackers the almighty Trump...I despise you.
When did bannon tell you to do this?
I hope that Traditional Chinese Medicine as practiced by an Oriental Medicine Doctor is given equal footing as Killer Pills
PLEASE DON'T LET CONGRESS CALL THE BILL TRUMP CARE..IT IS THE PEOPLE'S CARE..PEOPLE'S HEALTH CARE.
Do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
@TeamTrump it's a great day
You will repeal, not replace it which will cost 3k lives every month. Remember how 9/11 was the worst thing in US history?
I'll just leave this here. Republicans can't pass a single bill without lying to the public. SAD! http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-obamacare-ryan-townhall-20170113-story.html …
horrible. This will hurt so many people with cancer and so many others! Wake up please!
@Reince .repel the Muslim ban.what next the Jews Christians. Be smart .these policies lead to holicost..
I just stepped in something that was smarter than you… and smelled better too.
please tell us what you plan to replace it with? Really, I'm very open minded. I just want to know!
If you’re going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
#Illegitimate suck
@Reince yeah aren't you all so proud of yourselves for taking away healthcare for all of us poor working-class people.
Who r the Republicans gonna get to work for them# Erick Grietens
Ever since I have seen you in your family tree, I have wanted to cut it down.
Your breath stinks so bad that it destroyed half the ozone layer.
I'd like you to repeal the military as well while you're at it. And promise... you know... to replace w something better.
Where is YOUR plan to replace the Affordable Care Act??  Just another LIE!
u know that 3/4 of the people that voted for you will be affected by this, I'm surprised u didn't call out GOP lies
Yaaay!! Sociopaths vote to take away healthcare from millions of Americans!!!
But the house better get something ready!
where is the replacement that people depend on retart!!!!
@Reince How do you sleep at night after celebrating stripping people of their healthcare?
Shameful! Keep your hands off our Health care. No to Repel, Nothing but enhance & expand benefits We The People! #illegitamate
yeah baby!!!.  Dump that POS healthcare law.
Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
You have thoughts?
I voted for u bc o'care repeal, my insurance is NOT govt business #NoMandate #StayOutOfMyLife #BetterNOTbeanUNLAWFULmandate
happy to hurt millions. Repubs don't understand the ACA that's why they want to start over. Can't read books that thick.
Your way out is off the roof.
you and your peeps are clueless. You've never been without and this is your biggest flaw. #selfishSOB
Your asinine simian countenance alludes that your fetid stench has annulled the anthropoid ape species diversity.
And what are you going to replace it with? ~insert cricket chirps~
You congratulating people for taking away our health care. You are sick man, real sick. YOU PROMISED TO REPLACE liar
repealing Obamacare without a replacement developed is not giving priority to the people. priority to business owners?
