Feeling that bern yet, Senator? Maybe grow up before playing with the big kids.
Bernie felt the Bern when the Democraps cheated him out of the nomination for Hillary the Hag! Democraps are criminals!
Bernie didn't go anywhere. He's burning left and right just as he always has.
Bernie is an old Socialist that even the Dems were embarrassed by. They rigged the nomination to get rid of him. He's powerless!
Well, that "powerless" dude effectively shut down our inane troll of a senator, so....
Looks like Hillary, Wasserman Schultz and Brazile effectively shutdown Bernie also. Snakes eating their own! 
Dems are so stupid!
Just like not one Republican would allow Merrick Garland to become supreme court judge? #nodaines2020
Better at being a corporate shill.
I prefer my judges to have opinions that support we the people and not we the corporate elite
Go back & actually look at his records.   They have leaned in favor of corporations and religion. Stop believing in infowars rhetoric
SOCIALIZED?? Are you ever clever?  Can we guess how Repuglicants are going to fight this legislation that THE PEOPLE need and want?
And 49 Republicans voted for a bill they know would have destroyed the insurance markets but didn't care Is social security next ??
#FoxandFriends agreed with #Trump that you are a fool. Have you votes to end Medicare?  That's socialism.
I think both sides have weak cracks that hurt America.  AZ, AK, & ME senators on our side hurt our control of Health Care.
Ask ur constituents on Medicare how they like their socialized medicine u hack
Ask a Veteran how they like the services of the Government run VA you pathetic HACK!
My grandfather a veteran is very satisfied with his care from the VA
Better do more research. Many aren't satisfied with the service of the VA. It was horrible under the Obozo administration! Fact!
History will remember you for this, Senator. You should be ashamed. We know what you're doing, and nobody thinks it's funny. Resign.
I think it's funny that @DNC can't vote for what they support. 
Single Payer means you ALL have to pay! Democraps are Bums!
Playing political games with the lives of the American ppl. #Sham
U and colleagues need to jump on Flake http://train.Support  for him is support for Americans.Voters will remember ur support for POTUS.
I have never been more disappointed in my life by a member of the Montana Congressional delgation. Oh, wait, Secretary Zinke set a new low.
Don't forget Gianforte!
Gianforte is not a Montanan...
Funny thing... Dems don't control 60% of the Senate, yet there wasn't a single Aye on that vote. Who else failed to "stand by and defend"?
Americans want single payer. Most of us want it than don't. The stunt you pulled makes a mockery of every sick child in the US.
No single Payer because Bums like you will never pay. It's not charity for some while others foot the bill! You pay or don't receive!
When u get called out on your own bullshit and Dems aren't playing your game cuz they actually care about giving Americans healthcare #mtpol
When you preach about a policy solution during campaign season, but can't even vote for it when the time comes. #mtpol
You took my legislative process class Zach. How would you characterize this amendment?
You don't represent us. You are a party  puppet.
You're as transparent as glass with your amateur politics.
Bonehead move Senator.
".@RepJohnConyers says Senate Ds should vote against his single payer bill, which GOP is bringing up to troll Dems.

Sanders has said same."
You voted against your own amendment. What's your point?
To show fools like you you're being PLAYED by @DNC 
They voted against what they been pushing on the country! Fakes and Phony crooks!
LIES!  LIES!  LIAR! LIAR!  AND I BET YOU THINK YOU'RE A CHRISTIAN TOO! HYPOCRIT! ALWAYS BLAMING THE OTHER GUY!
Wow, Steve!  Reading all these comments...can you feel the love?!?!?!? Sad!!
No one is scare of the word socialized anymore. We call it Medicare For All. Check the polls. Even Republicans, like it. SAD
Senator Errand Boy. That about sums it up. Mitch 'the Bitch' McConnell's' bitch.
It was a meaningless show trying to embarrass progressives. Daines, nor any other GOP wld have voted for it. Don't be fooled by fools.
The only people embarrassed are Montanans who watched our senator make a fool of himself and get soundly spanked for it.
The UK NHS = for every single citizen, man woman and child at a % of the cst of USA. No one chooses btw getting well and going bankrupt.
Steve, you should be ashamed of yourself for introducing single payer bill when you won't even vote for it. Like dangling food out of reach
With such cynical disregard for well-being of the poor & ailing it is no wonder so few have any faith in our politicians #EnjoyYourLastTerm
Montana, your senator is owned by hedge funds and corporate interests. Do you really think he's a crusader for the right?
Steve Daines has sold out Montanans, citizens of this country, humanity and this planet .... hmmm ....
Not worry about what corporate greed and insurance companies are lobbying for you to do.  Support single pay healthcare!
Nothing wrong with saying socialized- you support CDC, FBI, CIA,  these are all socialized as well- you should want healthcare for all.  And
Medicare & Social Security are very popular "socialist" programs in America, Senator Daines.  Or did you not know that?
Trolling over the most popular and proven (Canada, Scandinavia, UK, France, etc) way to organize care for people is really a new low. SHAME
Do not fool yourself. We see through your little sham game. We will vote you out. How evil are you fraud GOP senators?
You deserve exactly what Senator McCain has. Karma will get you in due time:)
They knew they didn't have enough votes. You are obviously a CRUEL human being. Shame on you. I hope you get voted out 2020!
What are you talking about?  I sound confused.
If it raises premiums and kicks people off of insurance, no democrat is going to defend it because they don't want take away like GOP does
You don't answer to or stand up for your constituents.  I'm tired of paying for your healthcare.  #doyourjob #fail #montana
Mr. Daines, you're a troll, and a bad one at that.  No one is buying this load of crap.  #failurefriday #forshame
Traitors who will be drained out of the swamp.  Maybe soon we will be free!
.@realDonaldTrump would be proud of you echoing his tweet, @SteveDaines. Like a good comrade.
Hey Stevie, have you proposed anything yet that would result in broader coverage, lower prices, and better health outcomes?
How you feeling champ?
Good morning steve. What a fine day it is. Reminder of the day:
Doesnt matter if it's at 5 AM. AARP will remember how you vote and report it back to our 38 million members. #VoteNO
What??????
How's that GOP leadership going?  Everyone afraid to actually vote no on a bill they don't even want and such.  #winning???
Great work Steve Daines! Time and effort well spent. #mtpol
You are such a fool.
Little Creepie Stevie Daines playing political games with American lives.  Montana Thug!
Shame on you! Grandstanding & playing games, when it counts u sell out your constituents & vote party line. You represent US not the R party
So you voted for skinny repeal when the contents were unknown until hours before the vote.  Do you even care what you vote on? @GOP lapdog?
…voted against. Clearly you're more interested in playing childish political games than representing Montanans' interests.
…and then you introduced an amendment in a vain effort to force Democrats into casting embarrassing votes, which you yourself…
Unbelievable. You voted for not just 1, but all 3 of your leadership's awful health care bills, each one dumber than the last…
So glad you are on record as pro single payor! I'm  looking forward to you supporting the Dems bill coming out soon!
As a montana voter, lets get less petty and more constructive in our legislation. Introducing a bill you know will fail is not helpful.
Come talk to us Montana people face to face. You'll see a lot more than 60% of us are over you.
Hey Steve, thanks for nothing.
Lame, better luck next time.
Come back home and talk about healthcare, champ.
Stop trying to spin this horrific, embarrassing, disaster into some cheap political attack. You failed.
You guys have the majority in the House and Senate, AND the Presidency... but somehow you not passing this is the D's fault? You are a clown
@SenateGOP  They weren't allowed to .  McConnell sets floor rules and that was 1. 2 GOP Sntrs pushed No Repeal over the top!
7 years. No plan.
Don't you have real work to do?
So you blame them for not blindly voting for something that has not been properly vetted and was thrown together at the last minute?
I want your taxpayer-paid health coverage.  Your unpopular health plan will ruin lives.  Shame on you.  #DefeatDaines2020
Don't kid a kidder. Medicare is socialized medicine. Getting rid of that? @AARP @AARPadvocates @AARPfoundation_

A bill to reshape 1/6 of the US economy that McConnell wrote during his lunch break will be voted on w/o debate & in the middle of the night https://twitter.com/sarahkliff/status/890753418884730880 …
You are the worst excuse for a Montanan! You play games with OUR lives.
Liar. We all see how you have shut the other party out. Own it. #montanawillnotforget
We see the Trump-like spin you are trying to put on reality. Who you working for? Trump? Russia? Your own ego? Not Montanans!
Socialized medicine is where the government also delivers the healthcare, like in Cuba. Not just where it pays for it...
Yes it is called being prepared before you vote on something
Steve's middle name is Perceval. #stevedainesfacts
Republican Party is enabling the destruction of America. You support Liars and Psychopaths! We need a modern constitution and government!
You aren't fooling anybody with your silly political ploy.
Deflect! Deflect! Keep distracting from your healthcare debacle.
lol
It must be getting pretty crowded having Trump and McConnell's hands so far up your ass! #GOPPuppet 
You need to check out your swamp buddies at the same time! You all are currently a let down!
Nice try bucko but everyone sees through your big swing...and a miss.
Probably because they know a scam when they see one. Quit the game playing and work together with the Dems to fix problems with the ACA.
Playing with American lives is not a joke.  You claim to be Christian but I am sure God and Karma will take care of your hypocrisy
Socialized steve- pulling the big word he doesn't understand. Sweetie it's time for homework! For now u get an F.
I think you have your "u" and "f" transposed. It should look more like this, "For now f u, Steve".

You hollow fake of a senator! You're can't write your own solution, and you just sit around attacking people who have real input. Sham!!
This from a Great Falls nurse. You wouldn't serve Montanans unless we paid you more than your corporate sponsors.
Hey Steve, suck it.
Health care is no joke - may you rot in h e double hockey sticks ( If you were expecting  profanity ask Scaramucci, the president's choice)
You have make a mockery of yourself and wasted our time.
Don't be silly. This was a ploy by @SteveDaines to distract from the @SenateGOP repeal of #ACA healthcare. Stop the games & serve America
Wiseguy eh? You ask senators to vote on a bill that had not been finalized. Not even you would sign a contract like that.
You may not realize this, Steve, but you're on socialized, government-run healthcare.
You weren't serious. We could see that thru C-Span
Cite your source. 60% of dems?
So you're just playing games by toying with people's health coverage. You have yours, so forget everyone else? That's cold.
Maybe people are starting to understand that the healthcare solutions being offered by both parties is about stock values not healthcare.
did @SenatorCollins vote "present"?


they refused 2 vote on their main goal N socialized medicine.. guess Charlie Gard  is 2 current so cowards that they R they voted " present"
Were u tricked into thinking this was real? U know they'll come after Medicare next don't u? Will that impact u or your family and friends?
Haven't matured since your young republican college days. HC is a serious issue not a game. Stunts like this PISS CARING PEOPLE OFF! #mtpol
Grow up and do your job. Where is YOUR ACTUAL SOLUTION TO THE HEALTHCARE CRISIS as opposed to the gamesmanship you've wasted your time on?
Meanwhile, out adult senator @SenatorTester is accomplishing something useful:
It's time to get in gear & put out the #LodgepoleComplex #wildfire so we can focus on rebuilding eastern MT #MTfires https://sen.gov/5J43  
Your party is failing to govern and you play party politics.... I would enjoy genuine representation from you at some point.
I teach Kindergartners who are more mature than you.
THIS is not the HOR bill. As usual GOP cut & paste some of HOR Bill in the Senate screwing  22 Mil, including VETS, for rich man tax cuts!
Please spend less time proposing amendments you don't believe in and more time taking constituent calls.
They would be more likely to support it if it was a real bill fleshed out and negotiated in good faith. But under a GOP govt? Unlikely
The ACA or Obamacare is not socialized healthcare.
All Dem care about is Repub failing & their quest at any cost to regain POWER in Wash! Let's stop them as it will be more GLOOM 4 Amer!
We all know you're playing games. Stop playing with our lives. It is not a game!! We will remember come election time.
Mr. Daines, your choice of action here, and w/previous healthcare bills is beyond inappropriate. Please start to act as if you care about MT
You're an appalling man and a devious, chilling politician. If you really, sincerely believe in an eternal hell, you should be terrified.
Maybe they're not interested in playing games with petulant, mocking children.
Most people in this country are going to be righteously angry when you corrupt puppets cut Medicare, Daines.
#TrumpcareKills
That's because it was like your senatorial career, a big lie You ought to be ashamedBut you lack the ethics,morals or Christian values to be
I'm sorry no one fell for your obvious troll bait that you wasted precious debate time on. Taxpayer time + $. #mtpol #SenateHealthCareBill
What a sham!  This was a distraction from the GOP joke of a "healthcare" bill!
That's pretty silly Steve, you're a funny guy. So, about everyone's healthcare... Have you not seen the people with disabilities protesting?
Really a brilliant political move on your part today. Well played.
This was a hoax amendment that had zero chance of passing with @GOP ignorami in control of everything. Thank you for wasting important time
Still waiting for that phone call Senator. Left messages at both your Helena and DC offices.
I think someone has been spending too much time with Donald and Zinke. Many of us actually understand how you're playing the system for them

Proud to join Democratic & Republican governors from across the country to call for a new, bipartisan approach to fix our healthcare system. 

We are ready to improve the healthcare system at any time. But we are not willing to throw tens of millions off their care to fund tax cuts. 

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 
You must be one of those "cucks" Bannon talks about.
Politics is becoming annoying theater! 
Playing political games with people's healthcare is nothing to brag about. When was it you were going to show up to that Town Hall again?
You have to be the worst senator Montana has ever had playing with people's lives you fricking genius. How about we get your healthcare #sad
At least they have solutions.  GOP on the other hand with your blessing R moving forward on skinny bill which amts to Death Panel.
No one is fooled by you. You're a partisan hack looking for a quick "gotcha" moment. Keep failing & doing Montana proud #JokeOfTheSenate
How about working for coverage for all?
you are a snake, you are putting your party before Montanans
You are one of the most craven and insincere politicians in some time.  Hopefully, Montana will be rid of you in 2020!
You won't hold town halls, nor defend WHY you won't do that.  What are we to make of that, Steve?  Keep playing your games though.
Wow...don't you look good. Maybe you should go give a speech too the boy Scouts now.
A district is not the same as the entire state.  What house dems do doesn't dictate what senate dems do. #Congress101
Bye-Bye republicans what happened to #CountryOverParty & I know you're smart enough to know #Trump is a criminal!!
Support for single payer is growing, you've done a nice job of highlighting that.


Thank u lady's , unlike the rest of your GOP cowards would rather murder 22 million Americans &  give a big fat text cut to the rich
The good people of MT trusted you to be their voice, & you decided that valuable floor time was best spent trolling Democrats? Pathetic.

No one is buying your sham amendment.
Speaking now on the Senate floor about Sen. Daines’ sham single-payer amendment. https://www.facebook.com/senatorsanders/videos/10156179942762908/ …
You're a pathetic child.
I guess I don't understand...I thought you were elected to solve problems...not create political points. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
That's what they have done for the last 6 yrs bitch and complain but wouldn't legislate. Nope let's get brownie points from big hands trump
Cold feet?
@GOP @SenateGOP quick update, this kind of trolling only works if you are in the minority. I think you guys should try to govern. #mtpol
Single payer is the answer. You screaming "socialism" doesn't work anymore when it comes to common sense healthcare for the American people.
@SteveDaines - if you love your #skinnybill & need a "win" over people's lives THEN YOU GET THAT INSURANCE TOOGOODBYE @GOP 
The @SenateGOP solution is to keep the socialist part in Medicaid and gut the market based park because it does not work.
Guess they learned that from GOP!
Because when it comes down to it they are not representing the people who voted them in.   Its all about lip service.
What legislation? I thought no one has seen the bill
Oh Stevie you sly dog.  Did this bad Dem's give you a wet Willy? #Sucker #WheresStevie #NoShowDaines #MTDeservesBetter
Because you're not proposing a serious piece of legislation. Will you support @BernieSanders' single-payer bill when he introduces it?
LOVELY PHOTO! Let us take away you & your families healthcare @SteveDaines - then get cancer diagnosis & let us know when you reach caps
You were sent to D.C to work for Montana constituents. This is ridiculous. Work with Sen Tester on fixing healthcare and you'll earn respect
Respect is a stretch, all things considered.
Imagine having the stones to screw around for hours like this, playing games, when you won't even debate your own goddamn bill.
Why don't you try and solve problems instead of juvenile stunts?
Explain Venezuela! Bernie's utopia devolved into a dictatorship. What always happens! Crickets from the fake news outlets!
You guys always pick the worst examples. That's 1. Look at the MANY other countries that are successful, including our neighbs to the north
Shhhhhhhhhh, junior. Adults are talking.
I'll stand by #SinglePayer any day!
#Corrupt @GOP #WeAreWatching you and will #Resist until you are flushed down the sewers!! SHAME ON ALL OF YOU
