Red state Senate Dems laying low, largely avoiding town hall fury, reports @sppeoples  https://apnews.com/e66d9720f1cf40e6bd870d47b4d46c4b …
sorry I missed your town hall meeting while you were home, wait, what?  you didnt have a town hall?  I'm shocked.
You were invited to speak at a healthcare town hall in Missoula today and couldn't even bother with a written response.
well now that we've seen outlines of your plan to repeal/replace ACA.. with WORSE coverage at HIGHER cost, we know both sides
Have you no shame?  Have you no empathy?  Have you no honor?  Answer, please.
Haven't heard from you!  Stop hiding from the truth.
/2 cause if so you're indulging in high level alternative facts.  You were unreachable during the last congressional recess!
I am 63 years old, highly educated, and cannot get a job. Please contact me and give suggestions.   phone 406 599 1786
Montana accurate media coverage. You avoided, dodged and then used school children to buffer you from your constituents.
saying it doesn't make it so. This tactic is blowing up on Trump. You work for us. Let's have a chat.
Senator, I've called your office and sent emails asking to see the results of your "teletown hall" polls. I haven't heard back.
...Funny,I've seen Tester & Bullock in person this month. You on the other hand skipped our meeting. #youworkforus #DoYourJob
what's the other side?  Haven't heard from you
the real story is that you are hiding from your constitutents. You
 are bringing shame on our state and not representing us.
.@SteveDaines You leftists are so mean you can't even leave a decent guy alone and make up false grievances, SMH...
We're talking about our rep. senator who is ignoring his constituents. Tell us other side @SteveDaines, at a town hall meeting.
.@Nelson00Kelley @SteveDaines He literally just had one over the phone so everyone could attend it all across the state. I took part.
Over the phone is still avoiding constituents. He cherry picked the questions he answered. We want in-person time.
.@Nelson00Kelley @SteveDaines I voted for him and I don't get in person time, why do you think YOU'RE special?  You're not...
Wow. You'll notice republican Senators hiding from their constituents all across the country. It's not just ME.
So now YOU are going to copy #POTUS and dress down the media?  Explain, please.
You are the one M.I.A. - where r u? Not meeting w your constituents...We have questions 4 u. #Coward #mtpol
maybe if you came out of the woodworks, actually spoke out, and addressed us face to face things would be different for you.
BTW, who pays for that office in Billings that WE, supposedly need an appt., to visit? Should throw all you're shit into the St
I'm sure that has nothing to do with the fact that you refuse to talk with any of your costituents.
if we aren't getting the whole story tell it. Any paper in Montana will publish a lettet to the editor.  Speak up!
Steve Bannon approves of Rob Quist
C'mon, man. Meet your constituents already.
Senator Tester is having town halls, in fact more than one
and again you parrot a trumpism-blaming the media.  To coin a phrase....Sad
You and embarrassed Trump supporters are being babies.
let me understand you here, are you really suggesting Sen. Tester is laying low while you're out meeting with the people??? /1
If you want to hear both sides - or better yet, all sides - why don't you actually meet with your constituents?
Nothing but an errand boy for Gianforte and a piss poor Senator. I seen it in you from the very beginning. I don't vote for you
p.s. there's no "both sides to the story" regarding decency, fairness, and justice.
Can we see some pictures of you not running from your constituents and standing up answering their questions instead?
that's absolutely not true. You have been ducking us and you got busted. Chick chick chicken to meet up with your constituents!
-this is SUCH BULL!!! Show up and work for our beautiful State!!! You make me sad.
traitor Daines making excuses
are you going to defend the 1st amendment? Or Not? Democracy or Fascism?
It is you who isn't hearing both sides. And that is not because we aren't trying! Hold an open town-hall meeting & hear us all!
Are u saying the MT press should report Dems are laying low too? Do u realize this is an admission YOU are avoiding town halls?
Good luck moving forward like that.
Not quite sure what sources you've been reading, Steve.  You might want to go back to remedial English class though.
okay, so when's your next town hall??
Just b/c you don't hear what you like, doesn't mean the coverage isn't accurate.
@EssmannJeff - Steve Daines 's Donald Trump. All one needs to know.
I've been hitting you up. Where the fuck you been? You realize trumps stance on cannabis will strengthen cartels?
Well, show up at a town Hall and let's talk about it!
.@johntester participated in a public forum in Bozeman two weeks ago @SteveDaines where were you? #TownHall
well then why don't you hold a town hall meeting and tell us your side of the story?
Another side? Do tell why you won't meet in person and hear that we are alarmed and have questions about whose side you're on
Coward, eagles may soar but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines...guessing you're the latter.
there is no other side. You take corporate money and you are beholden to your donors not MT citizens. Hold a town hall!!
There are multiple (non-media) video recordings of you ignoring us!!!!
Typical. Make a charged statement, then no response to anyone.
@ericawerner where is our town hall? Not teletown hall but face to face? #wheresdaines
please don't think we're so stupid to believe Trump's anti media propaganda. Be better than that, Senator.
I am so sorry that people are treating you with such contempt. I think you are doing a great job Senator!!
Annique, how has @SteveDaines helped you? Made your life better? #honestquestion
He makes my life better because I know he's fighting for what is right, not popular.
Is repealing regulation requiring energy companies to disclose payment to foreign gov't right?
All MT media? I appreciate you talking w/ me about this topic. Call if we need to talk more http://helenair.com/news/state-and-regional/sen-daines-touts-supreme-court-nominee-amid-protesters/article_1f0d710c-d5d8-5569-967f-5c035a49befb.html …
@EssmannJeff so please tell us the other side of the story then? Why won't you listen and talk to your constituents? #mtpol
we're not hearing ANYTHING from you except your talking points and propaganda, which you know won't work face to face. #mtpol
@GabbyGiffords was shot on a Sat & her office was open on Mon, accessible to her constituents. I saw U running away in airport.
clearly not the case in MT- @jontester cares about and listens to the people of MT. Unlike you we trust @jontester -UR a weasel
bull
Which side aren't we hearing? Perhaps KellyAnne can help you explain?
Please enlighten us, then. What is "the other side of the story?" Face your constituents, Mr. Daines! Man up.
you sound like 45
I didn't realise that there are two sides to the truth...but then you are a member of the Alternative Facts Klan aren't you?
I agree We need more conservative papers to balance Lee Inc.  They print to 40% of Mt. The urban centers. Or, break up Lee ??
@SenatorTester lays low? Seems to be the model of public engagement. Shows the more access we have the more civil the dialogue
@ericawerner @sppeoples Your MT colleague has not been laying low.
@POTUS I wrote letter to Mt Standard saying you were smart not to attend meeting with paid protesters t
thanks for respectfully pointing out press issues instead of using jingoism and painting everything black or white
