Prediction: NK shoots down some planes. 50/50 chance. Trump name calls & does nothing or retaliates then WWIII.
WWIII would require a military response by other nations in retaliation to our flattening North Korea. They won't. Finger wag and sucking.
We don't have a military to flatten NK unless we use nukes. Fallout will kill SK, China, & Japan.
We do have the means to disable North Korea border to border fairly quickly without nukes. Every power facility every military asset.
That is what we thought in the first Korean war, Vietnam, & Afghanistan. USSR, also, thought Afghanistan would be easy.
That is because we were fighting wars not smashing bugs. We don't fight NK We eliminate their ability to produce or launch missiles or power
We did not consider the first Korean War or Vietnam war until way after the fact. Vietnam vets couldn't join the Amer Legion for many years.
Has nothing to do with the conflict I hope is about to occur. Not calling them wars did not change what they were.
Trump figured that right off pretty sure it will be handled in God speed.
Yea by tweeting insults via Twitter & calling him names at the U.N. address. Great strategy! Also, saying NK wouldn't be on the map anymore!
What a terrific, well thought out plan when dealing with a man who didn't even like a movie made @ him. U ppl who Hail Trump may think it's
Ok, but we Would NOT be in this situation if our foul mouthed, hot headed show off reality show Pres hadn't acted the way he had. What is
I understand they had nuclear power but it had not escalated so badly.  Your missing the point but believe what Heir Trump tells u.
The Vote WILL show what side you land on.  NO DOUBT.  U may be able to take Health Care from millions of citizens, BUT U cannot make us...1
Put some pressure on tRUMP to stop the insane tweets before he pushes the world into nuclear war. GOP step up!
make us forget we believe in FREEDOM!  U can't turn us into an authoritarian state, because Right makes Might, you EVIL people.
This is NOT North Korea!  The FLAG stands for FREEDOM, something North Korea doesn't have.  You are part of the problem!  SHAME ON ALL OF U!
It's a dictatorship... Kim Jung Un isn't just gonna say sorry and give Trump a hug. There is no peaceful resolution, war is inevitable.
Annihilating his nuclear arsenal with one major strike is the only solution.

We have several missed opportunities.
And missile launch sites and technology development sites. And maybe his homes just for fun.
Why can't we take advantage of N. Korea's missle launches to test our missle defense systems?
Sen. Steve Daines (R-Mont.) received $121,711 from the NRA.
Come on that looser is just bluffing he's like a young buck giving 2 a  he's Teasing & knows if he did anything2& allies he is a gone a
This is in reference to you steve and your orange man baby @realDonaldTrump
A man waiting for gas near San Juan says "what is actually historic [about Maria] is the absence of our government." http://n.pr/2fNK3M3 
We have done that for 70 years. this is yet another can the baby boomers kicked down the road. America's worst generation!
Cut off Chinese and Russian national banks!  Change will happen quickly!
Exactly what makes you an expert on N. Korea...one trip to S. Korea???
'It's very clear, standing at the border, that NK is very close to SK. The two countries r separated only by a thin invisible line' #mtpol
‘I witnessed 1st hand the glares from the NK border soldiers, thus confirming hostility and evil intent on the part of NK’ #mtpol
‘I observed birds & bugs crossing the border unimpeded. If the border cannot stop NK bugs and bunnies how can it stop artillery?’ #mtpol
‘Therefore I’ve confirmed NK poses a threat 2 SK. It’s clear that someone should do something’ – Steve 'wasted MT senate seat' Daines #mtpol
That has worked well in the past.  Now we at least have China work on helping us.  Not playing lip service any more
and not threaten to "destroy" them like your buddy and puppetmaster Donald Trump says.
Steve, u said nothing indiscernible w/ minimal imagination (how thick is a border?), Google, or paying attn. As usual, no value added #mtpol
Under their regime, north korean president can declare war. They do not understand that under democracy, only congress can do it.
Wow, what an original idea.
DT wants to portray his image as mighty & in charge, it's too heady of a temptation 4 him. All at the worlds peril. Look what you've done 
The same man that thinks you "launch" artillery?
Peaceful lol. Wake up to reality you clown.
Anyone who thinks economic pressure is going to work on NK is a fool
North Korean president is missing from meetings??? Hiding???
Economic pressure will not work with China and Russia helping no
Impossible when a toddler is running the White House and another NK!
nuclear bomb is an uncontrollable self sustaining reaction in the one of first US test the scientist thought it might not stop - not kid toy
Stop making sense, Fox Spews will kick you off the stage!
The most helpful step toward resolving the North Korean crisis would be for an adult to take away the Presidents phone and lock it up!
And how do you do that ,when Russia /Syria /Iran / China, etc. are all back door supplying NOKO . how does NOKO get Ukraine ICBM rockets ?
Eliminate North Korea and they won't have anyone to supply through any door.
Good plan .but you will have to realize that if War starts 3-5 Million SOKO citizens will Die in the 1st Day can you live with That ?
Rather than millions of Americans incinerated by anotth Korea nuke? Yea ok, sure. I doubt your numbers though.
Living that close to kimmy, I hope they used the time wisely and dug in deep. If not, their problem. Nukes reaching here, our problem.
Well with Trumps big mouth ,i hope Americans are dug in as well .
Really just the west coast at risk and who cares about them. Kim wouldn't hurt his lib friends would he?
Well since Trump will be in a Russian Bunker , won`t matter to anyone .who he murders
Yeah strangling them will produce peace with them. Got it.
Just wait awhile longer. When they reach California with a nuke we will blast them into tomorrow.
I might advocate for waiting if we could be sure California would be the target.
The tweeting pressure not working? 
Its too late.our last pres.should have taken action while there was still time.but vacations and golf was more important
Omg, are u serious? I cannot believe u even just said that? Wht planet do u live on? Maybe if #tweetytrump had stfu it wouldnt be like this!
We agree with that, but that deranged little SQUARE HEAD is so dangerous!!
How much more can there be available? I've been hearing this line for 20 years.
Let's keep flying bombers on their border.  That's the best way to start the war we (you) want.
Good idea. Not that we need any more provocation or justification to start blowing Kim's toys up.
#boycottingNFL
Im sure glad Trump is doing this and not the nfl look at how thats turning out.
Did China cut N Korea's bank access?
I'd like to live a little longer, but Donnie is going to get us all killed with his fat ass mouth.dont underestimate  NK.
North Korea won't kill many of us. Just the west coast. Not like that blue slime pit is worth our concern.
Nk does not want a resolution. They want war.
Results from past admin "pretending" 2 punish NOKO for their indiscretions. We don't even reward toddler's 4 bad behavior.. but, yet...
Peaceful resolution the crazy s.o.b. want to nuke us what drugs are you on get a grip !!
Take a knee we can work this out.
“Declaration of War?” Check history & facts. War never ended. Declared by N.Korea when they invaded S.Korea. Troops there bc war not over
So have we been giving him time and even helping him develops his arsenals.  Did some of the cash sent to Iran help?
Talk about self evident. Anyone above moron could say such an obvious statement. Or about half of Fox viewers. #DotardTrump
NORTH KOREA DECLARED WAR ON AMERICA WHEN THEY TORTURED AND MURDERED OTTO
SMASH THAT POS
It's truly sad how many people are uneducated about our history with NoKo but think they know everything
Guilty of "Presentism": if it didn't happen in my lifetime, it didn't happen

Because putting more pressure on them is going to make them want to be peaceful? Try being diplomatic instead of antagonistic.
There will be peace hopefully before N. Korean nut is pushing up daisies with his teeth
This is what the @WhiteHouse has been saying

Try as much u can but still all honest and educated and positive world hate ur policies anti humman u have support from india and israil.
Are you aware people and animals in Puerto Rico will begin starving soon while Traitor Trump lusts after handsome football players???
Your scary
He spelled NFL wrong.
Good one and true.
At some point, the USA has to realize it isn’t the world’s parent.
Nope, let's push them to war and see if they've got what it takes. When we go to war, let's all sit on our fat rumps, withhold necessary
equipment, let them go through hell, and when/if they return, let's treat them like total crap. (Current state of American Ideology).
Pastel de frango é só cortar bro
Getting your idiot president to stop tweeting and inflaming the situation is a good start! #ImpeachTrump
Yes. NK has every right to go nuclear. Who the hell is the US to say otherwise?
Yeah, so? You don't seriously believe Kim would nuke the US or another country, do you? It'd be NK's death warrant. He's smarter than that.
Gorillas with Rockets don't know what diplomacy is
Thats why N Korean missiles haven't been flowing over Japan and S Korea  since end of Korean War. With Gorilla in the WH they do.
26 missiles in last 8 years. Since Trump they have fired 42. One each over SK and JP. Never happened before.
We can start by keeping our POTUS's tiny little fingers off Twitter. He's not a12 year old girl anymore, so it shouldn't be too hard.
We don't need to use nukes. The South Koreans can use the land, best not to contaminate it when we clean it off. Wipe and restart.

First I want to win my point with the NFL!
