
Not nearly as shameful as Bill Clinton and Monica Lewinsky in the oval office try again...every man I know talks trash when around other men
Women do to
Not ladies
Oh you must be referring to the ones that wear vaginas on their heads
You & your friends sit around, talking about sexually assaulting men? Sad.
And you seriously telling me a woman at a bar w/her women friends has never said 'look at that ass, damn that body, what I would do to that
Are you seriously telling me that's even remotely akin to DT talking about sexual assault? If so, learn the meaning of sexual assault.
Making America great again!!
By campaigning when he's supposed to stay out of politics?
Its a MAGA rally supporting our new administration initiatives. Team Trump!!
No, as DTJr, himself, said, it's campaigning.
Donald Jr is there to support Greg Giafornte of Montana
He wasn't to be involved in politics, remember? He's supposed to run the trust. POTUS isn't subject to conflict of interest laws. DTJr is.
I see a lot of empty chairs.
Your daddy's barely in office, and you're campaigning? Here's a thought- put campaigning on the back burner & work for the American people.
Please provide evidence to back your contention DT is "doing good." For anyone but himself, I mean.
Men are men in MT. Betas should go back to CA! Women are so awesome,  the stories I have!
Men are men everywhere.
I suggest u move to Canada! You truly cannot see what great things President Trump has already done , 1st  days for our Country# ignorance
Why do you feel the need to go shoot and kill prairie dogs during the season when mothers are nursing? You just love to kill things.
lol there is like no one there
lol.  Are you like talking about your head
I want to say good one, but it's not.
I know. Neither is your thought process.
you remind me of a toddler trying to argue with an adult - briefly entertaining but not worth my time.
And yet he lost the popular vote, the people don't support your father
Hell NO #RobQuistForMT Enough of everything Trump!
Absurd. (@DonaldJTrumpJr @GregForMontana
- Turnout was huge in Montana!
Yuge!
bored?


Crowd was paid to be there
CAN U PLEASE TAKE IVANKA & JARED'S PLACE & ADVISE UR DAD??
WHAT ARE YOU CAMPAIGNING FOR, CONFUSED
LOCK HIM UP!
Yes! Obama, Hillary, Comey, Watters, Pelosi, Schumer, Susan Rice. Please. Drain the sewage
I know. And not one of them grabbed your pussy or colluded with Russians. They're fake politicians. Darn.
When did America STOP being great?
Inauguration day 2017.
Which rights did we lose?
Do you not read?  Do your own research; begin w/exec orders signed.  If you're serious?
Is English your second language? I haven't lost any rights.
Common sense is what we need
America First
#maga
#infowars
.@realDonaldTrump
why are there still campaigns going on?
Kidding? There were more people both outside protesting AND at the daines townhall you missed the night before than in that hanger.
pretty puny applause
You mean #rapeamericaagain #rapist
Good to meet you Donald in Kalispell .  Call me anytime for fishing flathead Lake. Bring family and friends.  Rick
Common sence so missing in Washington
But not nearly as strong as the movement against your father.
Great..keep fighting to win in 2020...
Love Montana!
 #Trumprussia https://twitter.com/truefactsstated/status/855933118833987585 …
Shut up jr, you DANG FOOL.
@judyharless3 @GregForMontana get out and vote Montana! Never trust a lib that tells you they won't take the 2nd away!
What do you know about strength you creampuff, only thing strong about you you is your smell...
Agreed  Men are Men and Women are Women. Any Doctor giving Children hormone blokers should be shoot
SMe comment donnie jr. The movement won't be completed until U do the paper work! Sad, weak, unqualified, terrible, bad sick administration
We need you and your your dad out more, the "establishment" is trying to control and isolate your dad!!!
#TrueLibertyDerservesLadies:
#HARRIS4PRESIDENT: " Liberty Four All." Allow America To Live Up To It's Constitutional Agreement. 
GOTTA LOVE THAT """"BIG SKY""" STATE!!!!!!! I`VE BEEN  TO BILLINGS AND BUTTE MANY TIMES!! GORGEOUS LAND
STOP TEEETNG POLITICS DONNY JR
Lots of morons up there?
Why aren't you off somewhere shooting canned wild animals.  I'm sure that makes you feel like a big boy.
Great Mr. President!!!
Campaigning for what? Your Dad says the election is over.
Campaigning for what? I thought you were in charge of business and staying out of our politics, no? The conflicts are enormous.





What jpbs DA, who is paying for your Travel
Why are you "campaigning"? Daddy won the election. It's time to start governing like an adult. Oh that's right, he doesn't know how...
Sheep to the slaughter, sheep to the slaughter. smh
president trump great leader and family man
Montana is a welcoming State. But you sir, have no idea about our values. None. #gohome
The entire population of Montana in one room!

Start campaigning to your dad to deport deport deport illegals and start building a wall already
Sure Thing! #trumprussia #impeachtrump
What nonsense.  Nepotism.  Conflict of interest.
Until they country folk find out your father broke many promises is in bed with Kushner INC a Soros production
So who is holding up charging & prosecuting soros? I'm getting concerned it won't happen
Keep Pushing We The PEOPLE MUST Make It Happen 
GUYS TRY YOUR LUCK VIA THE LINK BELOW
That is why demos leftist and liberals are squealing like little pigs more noise they make they think they divert attention
Divert attention from what? DT is so insecure/incompetent he thinks campaigning = governing? The billion+ $ cost of elections going up?
you are in la la land like your father.
which movement. The white supremacist one ?
Why don't you pretend to run that blind trust, and keep Eric away from sharp objects. Remember, you're supposed to stay out of politics...
Great this what we want
Another stolen election?
Now if you guys could get the pedophiles arrested..... that would be great! #pedogate
You are supposed to stay out of politics and run the company w/ Eric, your Dad is supposed to stay out of the company #conflictsofinterest
Horrible how disrespectful msm and comedy shows are to the president.
Campaigning for what? to empty Americans pockets,?
Looks like a bunch of crotchety old folks to me. 
There are barely enough people there to be warmed by a burning cross.
Thank you, Charlie. If we can elect a president, we can cantor the RINOs.
Can't wait until everyone of them lose their healthcare!
WOW! I didn't know there were that many people in Montana. This is great.
Bowel movement?

The Junior is The Best!!! ( after his dad, OF COURSE!!)
Rough weekneeded that--Tky!!
Maga xx
Proving there is absolutely zero effort to keep the business and the politics separate. Just one big conflict of interest clusterf**k.

That's great!
Loser crowd!  There was a bigger crowd at my senior prom in 1972!!!  
Why are you campaigning, Uday? You aren't in politics, right?
Oh, look, dozens of people. Nice tight shots. Stay out of our state, Jr.!!  Montana is not for sale!!
So many left wing bastards with their bull**** !
WE WON YOU LOST GET OVER IT!
I will always retweet for you DT Jr.!
The campaign is over.  America was great until "King CON" & his Con-artist family infiltrated the WH.
MAGA! Trump supporters are the hard working, common sense Americans! The left still cannot accept their loss and our win with your dad.
I don't support Trump; I have common sense, and I work very hard. Dissent is not the same as failure to "accept" something.
Best of luck Don Jr.- pretty sure you will bring Montana home & deliver a solid message to remind the people what's at stake. #MAGA
Campaigning? Why??
Wish u and @EricTrump were in advising @POTUS instead of @IvankaTrump and @jaredkushner!
Such a diverse crowd and by that i mean over 50

Oh shoot. Someone forgot to tell you the election happened.
Well done!

Yes
So I turn the channel every time your smear ads come on
You still must #BuildTheWall, #EndDACA, #RepealObamacare, cut taxes & WITHDRAW FROM THE PARIS AGREEMENT!

Protecting America: Build The Wall. #BuildTheWall @POTUS @mitchellvii #Wall #Trump2020 #trump http://caliconservative.com/2017/04/20/protecting-america-buildthewall …
do they know you are there to kill prairie dogs ?
Disappointed your dad hasnt done anything to fix the broken VA. Vets waiting years and years for disabilty claims. It is just damn wrong!!
Out to dinner & 7 people @ the bar eating dinner said "Stuff is getting done" that's a fact#MAGA
MAGA = Millionaire Asshole Golfing Again
Tired of the democrats . They only care about their agenda not the American People
Why don't u specifically state what Dem agenda is &what about it is contrary 2 Americans needs
We will continue to fight ! Tired of the democrats. They c
God Bless America!!It  will continue to grow more & more. Because Trump cares about our country!
When I google it, all of the lame steam media are posting negative stuff! I need a good positive list to defend your dad to these idiots!
jobs. Jobs jobs that simple every thing else will take its course
Donald Trump jr can you please post or ask Ivanka to post a running list of the top accomplishments of the president! It's hard to find
Your dad is a traitor and is going to jail, bigly!
Hope you visit him often.
#Trumprussia
Need to keep it strong...much more to be done against nonstop resistance.
A father who loves his 5 kids....Go Donald Jr...I support you...
The white supremacist movement?

Delusional just like daddy
All the things he is saying your father has touted and hasn't accomplished.  Why would you send this out?
You like your crooked, tax evading Dad are full of crap!!! No one believes the BS your selling.  Days are numbered, and I can't wait!!
All the Angry snowflakes  on here throwing tantrums 
One only hunts to eat! Don't hunt those prairie dogs!
Hey Grease Ball. Aren't you supposed to be running your daddy's business? Nothing like mixing business and politics for family profit.
Please don't go to the left...keep @POTUS fighting to make America great again. Conservatives r who trusted his word!
like 5 people there.
I can see you running for office some day!
You just don't listen,  SHUT UP!  You don't have anything to say about anything, all you can do is retweet.
Great speech!
Yes
Good lyck!
Seems like a lot of empty space in the gymnasium. Size matters in the Trump family doesn't it!
Make America Great Again.
I really want to get out to the "Music Ranch" and sing there. Was invited to send my demo! Near the gorgeous Yellowstone park. Need to send.
You're a pandering stooge. Please leave MT.
President Trump saving liberal asses...like it or not!  MAGA 
Everyone seems to be white and older. And, the crowd looks pretty thin to me. What up with that?
White is BAD. Get a grip.
Forget it, Donny, you're out of your element. Go back to whatever shithole you live in and forget our state exists before your dad ruins it.
There's hardly anyone there...
Hillary = stupidity.  Talk the talk, walk the walk. Fake is fake. Trump is the answer.

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
It's harder now to know how the movement is doing! SO GLAD to hear GOOD NEWS! We are SO HAPPY w/the PRES.
Sorry you have to read the tweets from democrats in mental hospitals, huge waiting list for lobotomies, an estimated 8 yrs.
i know president trump will make america great again a great family man and great kids true patriots
Is that why Ossoff got 48% on Tuesday?  If the movement is stronger, why did he run 20 points ahead of the top Replub?  Trump-Putin!
LOL!!! You mean #maggots?
Fake news.
And the movement will never stop!!! MAGA
Northwest Montana.....thats a real rickety looking crowd..
OK Knuckles. Thanks for the input. You've opened my eyes
yeah. All10 ppl who live in Montana.
Read and educate yourself honey.  It's a big world out there.
Super turnout!  We will stick with your dad, who is doing a great job!
Alrighty then Go Greg!! This will be a hard uphill battle as Gianforte is from NJ and lost the last election because of that among others
No hunting!!
