no republican complained while they were the 'no" party under Obama.  Assholes
Are you living under a rock? Nothing but obstruction from pubes for 8 years.
correct...obstruction from republicans from the day after the 2008 election.
where is the address of ur rock?
not sure if u and I are on same page.  Apologize if we are.  I was indicating that GOP obstructed!!!
@TuxieTaylor13 @SteveDaines Hey Liz. Sessions is confirmed, thank you very much!!!
PLEASE ELIZABETH WARREN SIT DOWN AND DO 
NOT AND I MEAN DO NOT SPEAK THE WORDS THAT 
COME OUT OF YOUR MOUTH ARE NOT AMERICAN
how about holding Trump at a higher standard since he should lead by example dump trump
agreed
And you did everything in your power to get it running right when you first got there in 2012, didn't you. 
The demonrat Senate, let's be specific please!
why? Is this different than what we've seen for last 8 years?
The demonrats are evil, lying, racist, failures. They've ruined America w/their hateful politics
so republican senate was not obstructionist under Obama?
the Republicans were the Majority specifically voted in to Stop Obama.
in that case, I voted for my senator to specifically stop Trump. So we're good.
Nothing like a vendetta vote vs a vote for a good person
are you referring to your voting for someone to specifically stop Obama? My senator is a great person, voting correctly now!
ja hint Steve, if Ann Frank Center calls out GOP on same day David Duke and KKK praises GOP, somethings wrong
And your shameful conduct in gaveling down a fellow senator proved your point, you were obstructing free speech
Yep best example is republicans refusing to give hearing to Obama's Supreme Court Justice pick! Truth not=Daines
Yes they are, democrats are crybabies, are rascists, and are continuing division of America that Obama started
Trying to Overthrow Our Country with their Communistic Practices. ARREST SOROS for SPONSOR Of TERRORISM
The hypocrisy is almost laughable. Remind me again how eager you were to appoint Merrick Garland?
funny, when I watched the video it was @SteveDaines silencing pertinent discussion about a nominee 
Democrats are delusional idiots
Please get it right!  Warren not barred from speaking,She was barred from using the floor to attack a senator
Thanks Sen. Daines for your common sense and for working for the US people. @SenWarren knows she's out of line.
So unfair for not allowing our President to fulfill his duty!
Warren is a radical idiot for trying to impugn using a 30+ year old letter from a 3rd party.
That 30 yo letter, was about Sessions then, and is apropos regarding Sessions now.
Sorry, but the Senate & President Trump & I don't think so. Would love to see proof of his"racism"
Cherry, who cares what you think? I don't! The letter from Mrs. King was about Sessions.
Please that woman need to be committed !!!!!
She needs to be Prosecuted for Fraud 4 Claiming being a Native American.My Family WALKED the TRAIL
Senator, do your part to stop the obstruction, restore civility across the isle. Gloating about Warren shame!
Fauxcahontas is a liar who claimed Native heritage for personal gain and profit.
funny that rule 19 only applied to the woman reading a letter by a civil rights icon about a racist. #youfucker
Elizabeth warren is better stop that behavior is unacceptable 
Reminds me of Garland.
I believe you'll find it was Newt Gingrich(R) who coined the "Just say no" strategy of obstruction, in the 90s.
Never been prouder to be a Montanan after Steve told Warren to take her seat. Long over due!
awesome speech by Senator Rubio on this subject
SHAME (LAST 8 years were the most obstructionist...)
the republicans were the MOST obstructionist group during the Obama administration. So unpatriotic!!
did you forget 8 years of obstruction by the republicans at the suffering of the American people? 
Warren is nothing less than a pathetic bully!  She needs serious counseling and a big boot
lyawatha is her name, with those words she has no shame. Lyawatha is her name, only herself to blame
chris Wallace. Dem all the way lier get of fox news fire him
Yep!
Oh let's look at your voting record when Obama in office #termlimits #gonnavoteyouout
@vidalexperience @SteveDaines How's it feel? The GOP has obstucted for the past 8 years.
Censorship. Unconstitutional. Shame. Remember "Democracy" and the "First Amendment."
Woman hater. The "historic obstruction" is the only thing the GOP has accomplished in THE LAST 8 YEARS!
let her keep talking by the time she runs for president the kidsWill have good jobs #NewRepublicans
Shut down Warren on Tuesday, and Swore in Mr. Sessions today. What a GREAT SLAMDUNK.
lol, republicans blaming others for being obstructionist, oh the irony.
When Derpocrats were the majority, they were obstructionists then too.
You're a misogynist!
Warren should be removed from Senate as she over stepped her position She worked with Sessions and knows better
She needs to crawl back into Her Hole 
why do you listen to fake news?
we won fair and square demos are crazy !
HI YA YA YA, HI YA YA YA! Ya comming in loud & clear pokey hiney!
Warren is a disgrace to the voters of Ma. See should step down. Not working for the people just a party. Thank kind must GO
And this after 8 years of Republicans sitting on their arses letting Obama do whatever he wanted.. go figure
our country is strong and resilient. We survived eight years of a trader in the White House
don't forget it! This is a democracy. The American people have spoken that's why the Republicans are in control!
Tell us again how you obstructed hearings for Garland's seat for months.
Suspend their pay & benefits until they get along. That might wake the children up !
senators like Liz And Chucky are children working an adult job, it's a shame
Alternative Universe! The entertainment industry is political and the news is entertaining.
The only terrorist group worse than ISIS is the DEMOCRATIC PARTY. Forget ISIS worry about DEMOCRATS home grown TERRORISTS.
they're like a bunch of 2yr olds throwing tantrums!
Correct yourself. The obstruction in the Senate are Demoncrats. They are vengeful & vicious. Most rich liberals.
The largest obstructionist in the world are liberal Democrats their such liars and scared of being exposed
vote out the obstructing members of congress.
Dems are destroying the Senate & making a mockery of our democratic process.Losing respect u will get & deserve
Time to shut her down.  She is obstructing our safety.
CORRECT! @CNN @CNNPolitics
The obstruction to be addressed was your participation in silencing democratic debate about the AG nominee. @foxandfriends @SteveDaines
the Senate has rules and she broke them. Democrats are the minority and don't set the agenda
The left is digging an ever deeper political hole and aen warren is their steam shovel!
Way to lay it on the line! http://JASeTea.com  #JASeTea
Mass. voters need to take a good look in mirror & say, E Warren needs to go. She is an alt left obstructionists
she is a disgrace. Such embarrassment. How could anyone behave like she does
Way to go Senator Daines, I am glad Fox had you on.
unacceptable that you refuse to even listen to what voters in MT are saying.
This is what the PC culture has gotten us. No respect for anything, let alone rules/laws! #newdawncretins
that correct, obstructionists for the past six plus years...
this is a disgusting apolitical nonpartisan body of government. Fire obstructionists
We are so tired of the democrat's toddler-style tantrums. It's time to run the government, dems#SenWarrenIsBaby
actually @TheDemocrats are the only obstructionists
I believe they are doing a good job! Showing us how hypocritical the Dems are!!!
Sen. Warren & others are prime examples of cultured stupidity.
How does this get allowed?
Do you have any idea how hypocritical that sounds?
vote the old guard out #elizabethwarren make things run smoothly #MakeAmericaGreatAgain term limits for all
DimDems are taking time so allowing time to their fifth volume to cause as much damage to DT gov
Yes
@BowenSpence @SteveDaines Demo fools are committing political suicide - GOOD
And they are too arrogant and ignorant to see otherwise. Good!!! 2018!!!
Dems obstructed GWB. THEN after 9/11 formed  commission to whitewash their role in security failure
True just wait until all our agenda work and they look like the asses they are
Warren Schumer Pelosi Lewis do not represent the American people only alt left extremist Soros stooges
the Dems are going to fight Pres. Trump tooth and nail
Many Americans long for the day of compromise: Tip O'Neill and Ronald Reagan/Newt Gingrich and Bill Clinton.
that went out the window in the last 8 years...  Republicans saw to that.
It takes two to tango. Both sides are at fault.
not when an empty Supreme Court Judge seat was vacant for nearly a whole year... Not the same.
The GOP just invoked the Biden Rule...
did Bush get a nominee into the Supreme Court?
GHWB had Souter/Thomas.
WJC had Ginsburg/Breyer. GWB had Roberts/Alito. BHO had Sotomayor/Kagan.
Correct! Was there a vacant seat when Biden said those words?
The American people can't wait for the day that all the unhinged sellouts are gone from the peoples goverment! #MAGA 
They are Obstructing and Destroying their own Country with their selfishness.  They need to help heal the divide
8 years of nothing but obstruction from the repubes. One term president, Merrick, and a list of others
The Senate ought to work for our country and not hinder everything that is going on. Democrats need to change
@CuseFan3 @SteveDaines Pocahontas starting her 2020 presidential run!! Keep on Poca just strengthens our position!
Warren is just an embarrassment to her state.  The King family can't stand her hypocrisy. #CureLiberalInsanity
Warren did it for the money and the Camera time. She actually thinks she will be President some day.
doing what she does and if she stills from government that's ok she's a hypocrite lier white rich trash liberal
He should know!!!
- Vote every Dem out of office so the US can start being great again. They have turned into nothing but infants
#Elizabeth warn is what wrong with are country she lies to get free money for College!! But worries about others
Mitch "Obstructionist" McConnell, enough said..
Perhaps finetune it to the Dems in the Senate?
trump should disband the whole senate. That will save lots of money anybody have those figures. Lol
Daines you are an embarrassment to #Montana. Don't come back.
Senate is 4 the PEOPLE,we the PEOPLE gave them the seat&can remove it, need to act like adults & do their job!
they made themselves irrelevant under Obama and now they can't seem to function Term Limits might solve this
Sen. Warren numbers don't look good for re-electionin Massachusetts.
Dems need to choose their battles; otherwise,soon it will be like the boy who cried wolf. Give the man a chance!
We are neither D/R at the moment, but think the next 4 years will teach us much in our old years.
they will continue to lose.
You have a point(Merrick Garland) and another thing(one term President)and by the way(45 attempts to repeal ACA)
McConnell: The single most important thing we want to achieve is for President Obama to be a one-term president.
if the leftwants to destroy this country they should be careful what they wish for because no good will come
from it and it could very easily be point of no return wake up. Its our country lets make it better not a mess
Dem's de facto trying to subvert and shut down the gov't. Quit being narcissistic and work for ALL Americans
Like when pubes shut down the government twice, while Cruz read Green eggs and ham?
co grats on staying strong with Senate decorum
I guess democrats should've done better in the elections then, eh?
Obama was taking USA down. You supported that? Surely not. More attacks on his watch than ever. Lame
It has been that way for the past 8 years. You weren't complaining then @foxandfriends @stevedaines
#VoteRepulican next time ,and at least the fight will be constructive
Pelosi/Warren/Schumer/Lewis/Waters r like spoiled kids that have been let go for too long! Prediction: Strokes!
It's time to stop this nonsense glad she was told to take her seat.
the stalling wont prevent anyone from being accepted and They will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! stall all you
@ChuckSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenWarren @SenJohnMcCain @MaxineWaters  You all need to pay attention
You, Sen Daines, are unacceptable.
Republicants and Democrats obstruct. Take out the words "right now" because it always has been
She's the bitchy female version of Bernie
Elizabeth war an no peace 
CORRECTION: It's spelled DEMOCRAPS. "The Party Of Anarchy". Still just sayn: @SenSchumer @RepCummings @NancyPelosi
Dummycrats!? Lol
AMEN
