There are some really sickening morally decrept people in this world...quite a few are on this thread. 
#UnbornLivesMatter 
#MarchForLife
Force them to give birth? Their bodies? Like the children don't even exist! You people are twisted
You are clueless. When you get older, you'll understand. Speak to women who have gone through it. Ask them how happy it made them.
Good for you, one story. Do have any idea how many children are killed in their mothers womb in a year? Look that up.
@SenTedCruz so once u "save" these fetuses are u prepared to give financial support to their unprepared mothers
I cant believe this question. But they were 'prepared' to have sex? How ridiculous and pathetic. Abortion as birth control...murdering wench
Then take the morning after pill or make sure the dude is wearing a condom. Its not rocket science, its laziness ignorance or both.
Looking for an excuse to murder the life inside of you? You had the sex, the little one didn't ask to be created.
You're really screwed up. Think about what youre saying and how nasty you sound. Are you proud of your hate?
I'm not the amazing Kreskin. If you post something , its obviously something you want to say.
get a job.
I bet they aren't dressed up as pornographic body parts (vaginas) right in front of their own children
@LouDobbs  awesome movement.who knows the next abortion could snuff out the life of another Einstein MLK Mother Teresa
which is true...however I prefer to look for blessings and not curses. Have a good day
when women can make babies on their own w/o assistance from a man,  I will support ur view.
It's called PARTHENOGENESIS and it's REAL!
Hasn't happened with people.  Science supports pro-life view.  It's alive.
Not sure SCIENCE is ALIVE, but my stem cell infusion tank keeps ME ALIVE!
@SenTedCruz this is a new season for America. Real people in the White House makes real ideas blossom For the good of many
And as expected all media outlets are silent and no coverage.
Bannon told media to shut up yesterday. Can't have it both ways 
Bannon is media himself. Protected speech does not include slander and propaganda.
Just watch, this march wont have or encourage violence and I'm bet not property damage or profane language.
OR TRASH!  LIBERALS ALWAYS LEAVE TRASH EVERYWHERE!  NO PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY!  THEY DONT CLEANUP
Rita, baby, I live on a rural road in Appalachia. No liberals but me for miles. Trash & beer cans galore. I clean the road.
Unless you support health-care organizations like Planned Parenthood you have no right to call yourself “pro-life”.
How dare you! I am pro-life and am against PPH because they perform abortions. Supporting health care does not kill babies.
PP has done more to reduce abortion rates than any “anti-abortion” group and has saved more lives than any “pro-life” group.
If you are against PP you are neither pro-life nor anti-abortion in any real sense. Good day.
What ever you say. I know what I am and what I stand for.
Blue skies to be terminated shortly,  after we rape the mother earth. #TheResistance #UniteBlue #Indivisable
@SenTedCruz planned parenthood is so much more than abortions
Your position on this is backwards and sad. Bottom line: innocent children are being killed.
theyre not children
You are sadly mistaken and misguided.
SO GLAD TO SEE SUCH CROWDS! GUESS MSM DIDN'T COUNT THE NO'S, AS USUAL!  SHOCKING HOW USA KILLS INNOCENT BABIES! STOP NOW!
I USE TO DO THIS WITH MY MOM AND MY KIDS. NOW I WATCH AND SUPPORT.
I see some clouds. I hope their march does some good with pro choicers.
thank you for your Marching pro Life. your reward is coming from our Heavenly Father. God Bless you all. Keep Pushing Back!!
Rescue those being led away to death;
    hold back those staggering toward slaughter.
(Proverbs 24:11)
@loudobbs America WITH YOU...LOVE &support..pro life
the sick Left cry about choice, but would say kill anyone that aborted a baby tiger, panda, bear..Oh my
THE LIBERAL MINDS HAVE BEEN BRAINWASHED AND IT HAS AFFECTED THEIR SENSE OF RIGHT AND WRONG!  VERY SAD!
MSM will say it was raining and a 100 backward people
GOD BLESS
hmmmm not seeing coverage of it!
What about the Syrian babies/children?? Pence/Trump hypocrites
@SenTedCruz that's called partly cloudy....
Pay for the people not for George Soros to destroy property and create caos.
I am so moved at how beautiful it all is!!!   I feel His presence everywhere!

THAT CARTOON IS WRONG!  ADOPTION IN US IS VERY HARD! FACT: PEOPLE GO TO CHINA, INDIA & EUROPE FOR BABIES!
I see more clouds than crystal blue, fyi.
@SenTedCruz #Not counting crowds. But it looks like more than the feminist March.
Hugs and warm wishes to you all.  
wow what a difference. Nobody dressed up as vaginas
its literally cloudy as hell.
 “@March_for_Life: Nothing but crystal blue skies here at the #MarchForLife! We're exciting and getting ready.

@LouDobbs 

Beautiful! Just like all of God's unborn babies.
You broad's aren't pro-life, you're pro-birth. Stop lying. #MindYourOwnBusiness

prayers and support
No doubt the networks took their picture of the rally for broadcast at 7am this morning!
God is on your side!
@SenTedCruz #youlie Yeah,  No, see those are clouds... 
#gop #dnc #POTUS #VP
God Bless!
Our prayers are with you as are the prayers for the unborn you are marching for, may God Bless you and yours.
@SenTedCruz God bless u all and keep u safe God bless our unborn babies
Want to reduce the nbr of abortions, support education & family planning programs plus @PPFA & @NARAL #Womens #Rights
@SenTedCruz One of God's Ten Commandments is "Thou shalt not kill!" Life begins at conception & nobody has a right to kill
so why is it that after a child is born, the mother is on her own to support it? Where's their help?
The mother had a choice to say no and not get pregnant! That's not the baby's fault!As far as expense, take the father to court
you realize the father had a choice to say no and not have unprotected sex, right? And that nobody uses abortion for birth control?
Unfortunately, some do use abortion for birth control! Regardless of your position, it does not change God's Commandment!
you know Jesus was brown, right? And was friends with prostitutes? And that Trump is not a man of faith and is a serial adulterer?
There is no debate on what God said! Opinions don't change facts! Not being judgmental, just honest!
I be no riots or silly signs with words inappropriate or rediculous hats that make you look silly
@LouDobbs  Nice to see America standing up!  We have been silent too long!
Wish I could be there to protest the #babyholocaust !
@LouDobbs God Bless You and protect you
@LouDobbs Wish I could be there, I will be watching and supporting in prayer. Good luck 
@LouDobbs thank you for standing up for life standing for those who can't stand
God is good to the righteous.
that image will convince people your right & have moral fortitude that they will respect
*gags*
I reported U/hope they say its aganist rules
@SenTedCruz uhh I see clouds #alternativefacts
can you clarify, are these alternative facts or are those fake clouds? I can't tell which
@SenTedCruz 
The liberal press will not cover this
THEN TAKE CARE OF THEM AFTER THEY'RE BORN OR EDUCATE PEOPLE ON HOW NOT TO GET PREGNANT FFS
@mike_pence Praying for you today
are you live streaming??
500 people from Rochester New York going to Washington for march NOT reported in our D&C news...SHAME on them
ROFL
proud to b a deplorable right to life as opposed to leftist despicable 
pigs are usually pretty happy sitting in their own shit. I'm not surprised you're so content.
