Did you party afterwards?
Dreaming?
Of a white Christmas?!
Dear Mr Pence, please do not let the smoke that the Liberals creating blare your vision and Mr President, they have nothing else to do.
America Supports you Vice President Pence, and God Bless America!!
Don't be speaking for all of us!! The majority of Americans have common sense.
The popular vote in the US would make us as bad as France. The French missed out on having Marine LePen just because most didnt want her.SAD
There is allot to be said for the electoral college. If we went with popular vote, only big cities and large states would elect our
Yes Derek. Who cares who got the most votes. Democracy is over-rated. Scrap the elections and leave me in office until Ivanka takes over
Hello welcome to day 133 of Trumps 30 day plan to defeat ISIS. BIgly fail but hey nobody know better then "The Donald" 
Hmm...Larry, that isn't President Trump tweeting. I was fooled too, but guickly figured it out.
To President Trump & VP Pence Keep your heads up high above the negative comments these Liberals in Congress & Public r saying!!
Thanks Montana for being so un-American. There are good folks there though overshaddowed be the ignorant Trump Pence folks. Mike. Pray hard!
Fu
Even the REPUBLICANS are saying we need a Democratic Congress
What about you and your orange boss stop campaigning and act as real public officials.When are you going to stop being such an embarrassment
How about we impeach Mr Orange asap instead?
You've not done your homework on Hillary, have you??  You don't realize what a bullet we dodged...Wow!
Neither Trump nor Clinton should have been even close to having their name on the ballot. But you picked a 50cal over a 9mm. Well done you.
I trust my gut and I'm a good judge of character.The ones to fear are those that polish everything nice &shiny, not the 1 who says whatever
Anyone who voted for Trump based on his character is not a good judge of anything.
I think we both do, but thanks for expressing your views in a kind & funny way. 
#ImpeachRinseRepeat
thank you Mr.VP.Pence. Keep up the Great work. #fururesobright!!!
As soon as he does his jail time..but that's ok because most gop's are criminals just ask Mike pence.I read you're a christian?Hell awaits.
You can't fool us. You are a big fat liar!!!
Holy fuck! Look at the sea of retarded fucks. Lol
Look in the mirror
Which Trump is lying for?

Better yet which Dumbass believes him..

#IMPEACHTRUMP
#persianGulf

#TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussianInvestigation
Susan find a job
I too think Montana. Let's get this nation back to work and back on track both economically and Marley.
Morally
Thank you for screwing up the Nation.
Boy you sure got duped with the Comey firing comments. That wasn't very nice of POTUS to hang you out to dry like that.
Your going to HELL for Sucking another mans ASS and Enabling a Dictator " Lying! Not enough Hail Mary's in the Confession Booth!
mr. Vice president Pence you are an honorable man. We the people want to thank you
give up your hate let go
Those pants make you look gay
Hmm.Flynn divulges to the Trump transition team that he's under FBI investigation for his ties to Turkey and you still nominate him for NSA.
Good reason not to send him to Washington we now know we made a big mistake!
You just keep your head and wait for Trump to implode don't you? I'm not sure if I should be comfortable 18th that or not.
Proud of Pence!
For?
Agree VP&Montana: A steady & sustained increase in job creation equals new paychecks for American workers and income for American families.
Thanks for your dedication VP Pence. The Government is working as fast tuned machine! More than 520000 new jobs thanks to POTUS coordination
What?  No love for the Russian hackers?
Brainwashed.  The media told u exactly what to believe today.  No,no,no...don't question it; That might mean u have to think on your own!
Let me guess, you read the best news.
She's "like a really smart person". She " has a good brain" & "knows more than the generals" 
Butthurt?
She's has a headache in her butt 
Funny story gruber
No. NO. Nope. 
Racist fuck. You are going to Prison for high crimes and treason. Then the American People will sue you personally for stealing election.
Well u and 45 shd get ready to move!! It's gettin hot in the WH.
Replacing most of congress in 2018 would be a good thing there is a small number we should keep purge our system of the corporate robots.
You are just as dirty as the #FakePresident !
So tell me again why the president's fluffer gets to break ties?
2018 isn't far away

You should be thanking Putin/Russia. What will "Mother" do when you're in prison for treason? I'm sure you'll enjoy the "conversion therapy"
You must be talking about Obama. He's the one that sold out America. Worse President this country has ever had!
lovely picture of everyone!  May God bless you, your families and our President and his families!  Love @tkilby2009
Y'all are Killen in DC thanks VP Pence! You'll be my president one day I just know it! In 8 years for sure! 
i need Mike to step in as President when I resign otherwise who will give me my full pardon
You know Pence,you are involved with Trump way too deep. Are you really going to pretending you knew nothing about Flynn?  Liar
Yes let's do it VP pence
So gorgeous
Man, I Love You 2 So Much @mike_pence @realDonaldTrump! Keeping Your Words on EVERYTHING! Mr Pence you are a True Class Act! #MAGA GOD BLESS
Who would thank people for putting a Putin puppet in the WH?
Stop being the brainwashing media's puppet.Do u realize they decide what you'll think+talk about everyday and ?? where does their agenda com
Ok. I'll say what I really think and not be a media puppet; DT is a Putin puppet.
Parrot.  You're an educator, yet haven't done your own homework on Hilary!  We dodged a BULLET!!
Funny. Dodged a bullet for a nuclear bomb. Dt is going down. His fate is obvious and I'm gonna enjoy watching. 
We are so proud and honored to have you as our VP. You handle the good and the bad with both grace and grit. God bless you sir.
Man, Trump is really throwing you under the bus. Makes you look like as big a liar as he is!! So what do you know about #trumprussia?
Killary with the reset? Selling 20% of United States Uranium to Russia? So, what do libidiots know?
So the reset didn't happen??? I guess you missed that dog and pony show that FAILED MISERABLY!!!
How much did you get for your soul Mikey? Are there #PeePeeTapes of you too?
Grow up. Geez, if you can't make worthwhile contributions why don't you not follow him? Or is it your life's work to make juvenile comments?
Amen, stop following and contributing to obstructionism. He's our President, respect THE OFFICE!
Ummm...respecting the Office does not mean blindly cheering whatever immoral, treasonous cretin resides in it. Open your eyes and mind.
Six resign from presidential HIV/AIDS council because Trump "doesn't care." "Ask me if I care any, and I will tell you I don't," he said.
a crazy congressman is a liar
Haha....you must be completely tone deaf if you think bringing up Trumps name is HELPFUL to your candidate 
Lol with Congress' ratings you'll be lucky if we don't remove each & every one of you come 2018

Please ignore the bologna. We love you and elected you.Thank you for your service.
Not the majority 
Yes.  The majority if counted honestly
That has been stated not true by congress lol
I strongly suggest you read this with an open mind...
Open mind says the pot to the kettle.
Not true I absolutely research all claims with an open mind... but nice try 
If by "Thank you" you mean "Fuck you," I concur.
Isn't the population of Montana like 5
Maybe someone moved in, so 7.
No.
Yes!
you'll be president soon when Trump is impeached
Pregnancy a pre existing condition. How much more of a family value man can't you be?
At some point you must intervene and say NO More Lies. You seem like a good person! The ship is sinking JUMP! If you don't all was 4 nothing
Buckle up, Mikey. The people of America are NOT the morons in Indiana that elected you Gov. You're going down right along side Trump.
Why did you lie to us about Comey Wednesday. Trump admitted that what you said is false. I'm very disappointed, and expect apology
@realDonaldTrump could learn a thing or 20 from your tweeting habits. I can't say I look forward to your presidency, but...
You're still on this bullshit?  You might want to study up a bit. This shit is about to hit the fan.
Let's send the right man to Congress @RobQuistforMT a true American who will work hard for the people and protect the land we love.
Way to go Mike! You convinced the people to elect another violent predator like Trump.
Nice lips
Don't you think your timing is a little obvious?  Five or six of Trump's supporters are actually starting to catch on.
glib liar as  youare possessed of  lively imagination 
ready tongue. U can distort facts  smoothly and effortlessly as u can 
say yr name
Nope.
Pence 20/24, 20/28
Is your favorite TV show THE HANDMAID'S TALE?
#TrumpPutin #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpAmateurPresident #TrumpErraticMADMAN #TRAITOR #FailingTrump
By the way Greg is a crazy person and a crook we already have enough of those in congress right now don't need anymore.
Send him to anger management classes.
Very handsome
#TrumpRussia #KremlinGate #SpecialCounsel #Impeach45 #Resist
   #ComeyMemo #TrumpLeaks
http://gf.me/u/iqkc8 
If Gianforte loses, he can become the next WH Press Secretary, since Spicer is getting the boot. Don't you want a "strong man" in that spot?
I am so proud of you. God bless and protect you and yours. Love  your precious wife
Traitor
The Russians played probably the biggest role in making @realDonaldTrump president, have you remembered to send your thank you card yet?
Russia dont want a card. Vlad said "Someday,+ that day may never come I'll call on u to do a service for me.Until then accept this election"
YA THANK YOU FOR ELECTING PUTIN TO THE WH
keep da hope alive man! Ur life has changed dramatically since u bcame Vice President & u r just n ur 1st year!
Think about it! U r all under investigation! U can't hide this! All will B revealed! God will show us da truth!
Enough of the Trump lack of competence
Mr. Pence to you force your wife and children to murder children . Is this your Jesus .Ephesians 5:25 Then prove it. Revelations 20:4
with this "administration" - or better chaotic bunch of idiots - reputation of GOP will be ruined for decades! theats the only good thing
This is the greatest administration the people of America has ever voted into the WH. Thank you V.Pres.Pence for being the responsible rock
we should present him with a Rooster. Bc he is really good at sucking
He likes them so much .. send him there NOW.
I didn't help :)
Yes he van join you in screwing the country that it when he isn't beating people - your judgement again is clearly not your best asset
#ImpeachTrumpPence
We need to Get Out All the Dems we Can Drain the Swamp!!!!
Thank you for electing the worst President in history, soon to be ex-President #impeachTrumpnow








Obviously Pence thanks God. He has no charisma, is a creep, would never have been elected President. But after the impeachment he'll be Pres
Maybe not
many many thanks
guess what
No let's not
I think y'all know that 45 is mentally unbalanced.
Love what you're doing, despite our ankle biters!
We need to support the people, who @realDonaldTrump and @mike_pence recommend, b/c they're the ones who will help DJT #MAGA and #DTS

Thanks
Si where's our much better coverage, cheaper, terrific healthcare FOR ALL Obamacare replacement??? Nowhere!! You lied to us!!!
Please continue being a cowardly, lying tool for Comrade Trump so when he's removed from office and imprisoned, you'll go with him!
Mike your a great Vice President. You two are a perfect blend!
Why in the hell is this weak bastard in my timeline. Geesh
NO thanks.
Are you going to go around giving interviews defending 45 and lie that he didn't give classified info to the Russians.
You are guilty as your Potus! You are COMPLICIT to his incompetence to the office of President.  You are as guilty as he is!  IMPEACH!!
What do the phrases, the check's in the mail, the dog ate it & anything Donald Trump says have in common?
Same jerk.
@MeetThePress @FoxNewsSunday @CBSNews damn trump mike pence lied bro. Fire mike pence. He's going to bring you down with him. Save urself
Incompetence, inexperience, stupidity, it doesn't matter what u want 2 call it he needs 2 b removed -- U know this U have 2 u r not stupid
Save yourself Mike get out while you can with dignity.
Maybe you should think about the greater one you say you serve. You can't serve 2 masters. Which one will it be?
God Bless you, sir, for your kind remarks at Police Memorial today
I hope your not globist please stay with our president
U just endorsed a candidate that assaulted a reporter for asking a question. I cannot reconcile how stupid this is. #Montana
Let's get rid of you!
We'll be sending you to prison soon, Mr. VP.
was great meeting @VP and the @SecondLady today with @SecretaryZinke, @SteveDaines his wife and the next house REP @GregForMontana and wife
hope you catch a big Montana trout this week end. @SecretaryZinke knows the best spots. 

Mikey watch the news. U knew all about Flynn after all. Clean out your desk and don't drop the soap in the jail showers
Greg Gianforte needs to serve Jail time for a brutal assault on a journalist & if you condone his actions you're an even bigger AssWagon !
...you might actually hear something you like. Oh and it might be...just might be a positive message AND the truth for once!
Or not.
Trump got 279,240 MT votes in 2016. 
763,280 people did NOT vote for him. 
MT has 694,370 registered voters. 
415,130 did NOT vote for Trump
Ezekial 1649
Did you thank him for making you look like a following dipped sheep?
I find it hard to believe that pence did not know. They are all liars
#LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR #LIAR !!
Let's send you and trump to prison next. How's that for a change?
Can wait till Do Nothing Congress is voted out in 2018 #resist
You are set to replace a mentally ill President, don't you think you should demand being in the loop? That or you are lying! Either way Quit
Complicit
How does it feel to be forever linked to the most dishonest administration in the history of our country?
hey Mike, if you're ever up for election to public office, do you think you will beat someone up the day prior? Asking for a friend.
Let's not, Evil Robot.
Thank you all and God bless you 
You're on your way to be becoming president. I hope you're not a conspirator in this sinking ship.
How do you breathe, being so far up Trump's colon? I am sure you are holding your breath for the day, they will swear you in for #POTUS
You're a disgusting human being. Can't wait to see you go down with trump

Doh. Looks like lyin Mike Pence just as involved in Flynn scandal as Trump. Your criminality makes Baby Jesus sad.

Pence lied saying he didn't know #Flynn lobbied for foreign govt/paid by #Russia. Yet Rep Cummings told Pence about BOTH in NOVEMBER. 
Legal snowball soon and you will be part of it. What a tangled and corrup web.
Didn't he like just just throw you under the bus lol, This administration is so weird.
When will the GOP find their voice & stand up for America? Trump is wrkg hand in hand w/Russia and GOP stays quiet! Look at Trump's actions!
Yes he's a great guy! 
