Greg Gianforte needs to spend at least a night in his skivvies on a cold slab in a jail and then apologize and then do community work.
Add in a year-long course in Anger Management as well!
Can you imagine him at a town hall meeting? That would be interesting. Wonder how many body slams there would be?
That will never happen after this. Although he may be seated, he will only serve one term -- beginning of the end for him.
The guy is unfit to serve in Congress and Montana is a little in sending a thug like Giancort to Washington. He's what is wrong there.
There needs to be a re-enter, since 60%+ were early voting. They may have a different idea about who they elect now.
Meant re-vote . Hate auto spell!!!
I listened to his apology. Better than most. He "could in no way defend his actions" & apologized to the reporter by name. He didnt need to.
Also needs to drop out. Are we for the first amendment or not?
Yep liberals are for the first amendment when it suits the liberal agenda. The guy walked in on a private interview without permission
Asked a pretty legitimate question. NOT aggressive by Fox account. Don't you want to know what this guy plans to do to your healthcare?
Yeah drop my insurance rates. I have got great private insurance. I work hard for my family and get great health insurance
It doesn't matter if you have employer provided if lifetime caps on benefits are reinstated and EHB's are optional. This affects EVERYONE.
Yea you mean like Rep Bob Etheridge, Prof Bob Canton, Prof Yvette Felarca & numerous Antifa have? Get right on it. Ok for libs?
It's illogical to believe someone would randomly attack someone else for no reason. There IS a reason and this MUST be a set-up.
OK, here's one where you said it "must" be a setup. You don't think that's prejudging?
No, that's using logic, the eve of an election, harassing a man to get election headlines. Sure looks like it to me, b4 I even read it all.
Again - the reporter said there was no reason for it.  That is illogical.
But surely you agree that sometimes humans do illogical things?
Yes, but not randomly attacking someone.  That is illogical and something normal people just don't do.
Normal people don't. Are you presupposing GG is a normal person? How do we know he is a normal person?
REALLY??
@SteveDaines YOU need to apologize to us--your constituents in Montana--for never having town meetings. I await YOUR apology.
Sanctions...Pencils, papers on Desktops!! Discipline...
/go to jail
and that apology will be accepted upon his resignation
NO MORE THUGS IN WASHINGTON
Congratulations to @GregForMontana, Montana's new representative.
Weird view of criminal justice. Is that what your constituents have to do after assaulting someone? Or different rules for politicians?
cc: @HillaryClinton 
Who did she body slam again? This is how you try to avoid the fact an assault took place you run to Hillary what a snowflake thing to do
She has killed plenty...
Let you tell it in my old lady voice - and how many did Bush kill in Iraq?
Both Bushes killed thousands, I was there. There is suspicion the Clintons have murdered American Citizens right here in the USA
Someone  running for public office should meet a high standard of civility. He expects to walk because he's rich. An apology. LOCK HIM UP.
Plus he needs to acknowledge that his statement was intentionally and blatantly false.
You don't know it was false. Were you there?
I wasn't there, but according to at least 3 witnesses and an audio recording, Gianforte's statement was false. Deniers need to face facts.
Then he ran away like a coward. If he did nothing wrong, why run? Why not answer question about Trumpcare? GOP no longer a party but a cult.
The people of Montana -- those 65% of voters who voted early -- must be given the opportunity to change their vote!!!
If he can't handle 1 news reporter in Montana how will he handle the sharks in DC who will be wanting results for the they gave him!
He needs to withdraw.  Don't you people have any decency?  What are you teaching your children?  Bunch of feckless clowns.
He can’t withdraw b/c name is on the ballot. But, even if he wins, Congress could refuse to seat him (would require guts).
If he wins he can withdraw.
Very true. But that’s a lot to expect from a guy who assaults other people.
He needs to resign and be locked in prison for assault.
That's certainly a starting point, but...
Almost 300,000 votes already mailed in by today's special election
Curious what would happen if those people who wanted to change their vote showed up at the polls and voted Quist. Cancel out their vote?
They can't
Nope 
The reporter needs to sue this low life. What he did is appalling.
Apologize? He assaulted a journalist. Where are we? Russia? Turkey? What he needs to do is go to jail.
Agree and so does obnoxious reporter who provoked. Still, no excuses for GG actions
For what !  The media need to give respect to receive respect.
He did,,right after he won. Nobody is perfect.
No, he needs to be body slammed.
Now go to second step
Montanans better get their checkbook out if they're going to imprison everybody that  bodyslams somebody, Half of Montana would be in jail!
And he got elected.  Smh???
That'll be worked out after the lawsuit is filed... In 5, 4, 3...
DNC needs to apologize to Dems for losing this election,the pics of the 2 candidates makes me laugh,cowboy hat?  Really?
Greg Gianforte gets a trophy from me. Pajama Boy "journalist" crossed the line of civility. Bret Baier doesn't act this way!
The scumbag did but only after winning...
You misspelled resign
A meaningless apology. Some behavior is unforgivable. Reporters should lean in and push back. When bullied, bully back.
Just shows that nobody cares. "Journalists" should stop sticking mics in people's faces after they have been asked to do so. He won easy.
no he needs to resign
He did.
And then refuse to take his seat
If he were a black man, he would already have been arrested and convicted. The hypocrisy of law. But like Trump, his supporters loved it.
Gianforte makes Montana look bad.  Horrible.
Very disappointing to see you adopt the RINO media-appeasement line. Hope this does not continue
If he wins he needs to step down. Immediately.
He won't. Ever.
Thank you.  Now just start doing your job on Govt Affrs comm and investigate Trump spilling state secrets to Russia and Duterte.  Action now
Agreed.
I'm not sure what an apology would do. He needs to seek help.
He needs to apologize and withdraw.
Steve- I appreciate his comment very much. Let's put the politics aside, it's just the right thing to do.
No, no he doesn't.  Let the facts come out first.  Try acting like a Montanan again
Steve, I think the Guardian reporter should also
You misspelled "withdraw from the race".
And face legal consequences
Or maybe be charged with assault? 
More than that he needs to be a charged with assault. If anybody bodyslammed someone in my corporation it be fired on the spot.
Please step up and call for him to withdraw. This is a pivotal moment . Do we have any honor left as Republicans? I despair.
I still back Mr gianforte why can't you. You went through the ringer so support him!
Tell him yourself. Tweeting it is nice but he needs a Mano-a-Mano talk from a fellow Cowboy. Or are you scared?
Greg Gianforte needs to be in #Jail, an anger management program & in Being a Big Boy 101 aka Grow Up, It's Adult Time 099. Fixed it for ya!
The Russians did it! He'll win by +15. I voted for him!
No, Gianforte needs to spend time in jail and then LOTS of community service, maybe in a high school journalism class
No, he needs to go to jail.
He needs to step down. This is beyond apology- this is illegal, abberant behavior. It's embarrassing to MT,  @GOP & you. Disgraceful.
#lockHIMup
Needs jail time
No he doesn't. The reporter trespassed and harassed him. Greg defended himself! Grow a set Steve!!
Maybe he'll be contrite after he gets sued.
… needs to drop out. Fixed that for you.
To Ben, to the first amendment, and to all Montanans for embarrassing us to the world!
He should also withdraw as a candidate for the House of Representatives. Montana elected officials don't behave that way.
Gianforte needs to go to jail like any other Montana citizen would have to. Just because he's rich doesn't mean he's above the law.
@jaketapper if he wins, he needs to be removed
He needs to drop out of the race.
yes, but also withdraw from the race; if your response to tough questions is to slam someone down by the neck & punch them, you aren't fit.
Apologise? He committed an unprovoked assault. He needs to go to prison or a medical facility. Not US Congress.
Never going to happen.
oh, he'll get a chance to apologize. to a judge. 
#seeyouincourt
And so do a lot of your constituents who support this behavior!
took a while for you to say that didn't it
How about he step down !
How can he when he was so busy trying to blame the LIBERAL reporter?
Bull shit! He has made Montana PROUD. We hate the lib shits
He needs to quit
No,he needs to go to jail.
He needs to be charged.
And finally reveal his thoughts on the CBO score!
When will democrats apologize for murdering God`s unborn children? When will they apologize for removal of God/Christ from public square
Needs to be arrested!!
If you say so.
And then go to anger management. MOC's cannot act like that. How's he gonna act in D.C.?
If he does, @SteveDaines, it should be from jail. He grabbed him by the neck with both hands, threw him to the ground & wailed on him.
I think he needs to go to jail. That's what normally happens when you beat the crap out of someone.
@jaketapper He can apologize at his sentencing hearing.
Reportedly, there is a missing HRC Email, which tricked Montana Republican into body-slamming the reporter asking him about TrumpCare.
GOP Congress led by @TGowdySC will begin immediate Congressional investigations to find the missing Email!
Pull out
Mr WWE is a complete idiot and he should not be allowed to hold any public office. #RoidRage
Apologize for what, Assaulting a person or lying to law enforcement? As a confirmed liar how can we trust his swearing the oath of office?
He needs to apologize??? or what, he wont get his snack. He's not 5  He is an adult and he is unfit to serve. You know we all know it
If he is unable to craft a simple, civil response to a question on the top issue of the day, he is unprepared for this job.
Really? That's the best you got?
Never apologize to the #EvilClownMedia for anything.
@jaketapper He can't apologize to what he doesn't admit.
He needs to resign-dishonored our party.
@GregForMontana I don't agree with any of your politics but I have to say I respect you sir for asking this of Mr.Gianforte.
Not only does he need to apologize he needs to quit. He also needs to be charged with felony assault.
Forcing adults to apologize is a joke. It means nothing. If they haven't chosen to do it on their own then they aren't truly sorry.
Sad thing is he won't he is an arrogant man, he will win an it will be forgotten.
Or what? If he wins the election, apology or no, you'll accept him with open arms. Biggest domestic threat to safety of Americans is the GOP
And go to jail
Grow a pair Steve! He needs to withdraw.
uhm....and step-down from the race.  it was assault, and completely uncivil and wrong #biguglybullyGG @GregForMontana
Apologize?! Step down is more like it. How can he represent all of MT?
He needs to go to jail! He also needs some anger management!
He needs to withdraw
He needs to resign if elected.
He needs to withdraw. @GregForMontana @gianforte will violently suppress the press, and claim to uphold the Constitution. #lyinggreg #mtpol
you spelled "resign" wrong. @gregformontana already apologized after he assaulted the reporter. #voteslamGianforte
Apologizing is for calling someone the wrong name. This was an assault. It is a criminal act and should be treated as such.
Strong, Christ-centered leadership there, Steve-O.
If by apologize, you mean bow out.. then yes.
@jaketapper He needs to withdraw from race!
Apologies are for snowflakes, Jabroni! #chokeslam #roidrage #noholdsbarred
Screw that. He needs to go to jail.
Even if he does, we all know it'll be the most insincere apology heard.
Greg Gianforte NEEDS to keep his hands to himself, like he was told in school - probably every few days for 12 years from the sound of it.
That's the absolute LEAST of what needs to happen
From a court ordered anger management class
Pushy journalists need to apologize
He needs to be arrested
And then withdraw/resign
And drop out.
It's been almost a day since the aggression and @GregForMontana has disappeared. He is a coward. Too late for an apology.
So does the reporter for rudeness & invading personal space. What is a U.K. Reporter doing in MT  so close to election and this happens?
@SteveDaines do you mean withdraw?? Free press = democracy. Please stand up to Gianforte and for MT values.
He needs to be locked up! Average people of Montana would go to jail! Why not this asshole?
And retract his campaign's false statement on the incident?
and you need to withdraw your endorsement. Yesterday.
Wow, you are right
No, he needs to go to jail.
Remember what the people did to lewandowski until true video showed up weeks later? Reporters do lie!
He needs to be removed from the ticket. The @GOP has lost its moral compass and common sense. Leaders lead by EXAMPLE. This is inexcusable.
...in jail.
Rip Montana. Your reps are weak and pathetic.
nice try, Senator.  If your old boss was a Democrat, you'd call for his head on a stake.
He needs to go to jail and face trial for assault.  What is it with you that you can't condemn him? An apology is not near enough
?Felony
? Intent 2 Choke
? How many fist shots 2 head
? What broke glasses 
? Elbow damage from slammed backwards 2 floor
size & weight dif
Apologize from jail.
its spelled WITHDRAW
You spelled "drop out of the election" wrong
Fck pajama boy
he needs to be charged just like any other private citizen
He needs to withdraw. Then hope he doesn't get jail time.
Greg Gianforte needs to get the hell out of here
Abysmal.  How about taking a stand on violence in general? Free press?  Apologies don't fix that.
And get counseling, ... and remember to take his meds.
Apologizing is just one part of it.  He deserves to be fined, at a minimum.  His behavior is a shining example of a roughshod GOP!
Your conviction to your party clearly has no limits.  Y'all need self reflection.I cannot understand how your mind works. 
#VoteForQuist
He needs to drop out!  He has no business in Congress.  Obvi, most Republicans don't either.
To whom and for what? The reporter for the act or the State for lying about it. #MTAL #mtnews #mtpol
Well that's a small start, he should also withdraw from the race since he obviously isn't fit for the job and he should also be arrested.
I think he should withdraw.  Nothing about last night's incident says leadership.
No he doesn't.
He needs to withdraw from the race. He's not fit to serve.
Actually- he needs to go to jail
No reporter needs to apologize for violating his safe space
No he needs to step down.
Paul Ryan called Gianforte a "gentleman".
And withdraw!  This is not how MT wants to be represented.
Greg Gianforte needs to go to jail.
You mean "be held accountable for breaking the law", right?
By stepping down
CYA apology is moot
No Stevie, Greg needs to withdraw. Assaulting a reporter cause he didn't like the questions is one of those pesky "disqualifying behaviours"
He'll do that at sentencing.
*step down and proceed to jail*
How about drop out? That'd be great
No matter misdemeanor or felony, assault is a crime! Choking, body slamming and punching!!#ThisIsNotNormal
That wouldn't hurt. He also ought to exit the campaign and plead guilty.
