It is simple.  You should not be able to fire the person who is investigating you.   That alone is obstruction of justice.
Impeachable offense. Americans have had enough of this garbage administration. Republican patriots, stand up!
Impeachable offense? The power to do so is clearly written in the constitution.
Obstruction of justice.
No obstruction of anything. The investigation has not been impeded in any way. Hes still able to testify.
Hey Wolfie, you still good with your belief that POTUS did not obstruct justice?
YEPP. You still good with Lynch pleading the 5th, Holder held in contempt, and Maxine Waters ROFLMAO!!!!!
Thought you would be Wolfie.
Why a special prosecutor? There is zero proof of Trump collusion with Russia, she won the popular vote, not 1 vote tampered with. End this.
People like you who continued to blindly assert whatever they believe as obvious fact are destroying the fabric of American society.
Fox and Breitbart are so damn good at their propaganda. "We are right and u can't trust anyone else." Think 4 yourself. Question authority.
I guess that's why there is an FBI investigation. If there is fire behind the smoke, we will find out. If not, we will find out.
Well, how long do you need?  It's only been 10 months and there is no evidence of collusion.
Yesterday the IC subpoenaed docs from Flynn relating 2 investigation & there R at least 2 convened GJ, who knows? It's a big deal if true.
That's Flynn (who was fired), not Donald Trump.  And secondly, nobody has accused Flynn of working with Russia to influence the election.
Hahaha. There's a very serious ongoing investigation involving a breach of our election system and a possible hindering but make jokes.
That is completely false. No one can assert Russian's hacked the election system. They may have hacked a campaign.
see the words "ongoing investigation."

Okay? Bye.
There is no ongoing investigation into Russia hacking the election system. That is insinuated votes were messed with. Unequivocally false.
You're seriously delusional. Seek help.
Which election system did the Russian's hack? Or which system did they potentially hack?
Please Mr. President.... make sure you or @TheJusticeDept  pick a REPUBLICAN that we can TRUST!  NO MORE DEMS!!
Why instead of?
Cannot believe you would even suggest that!   He is a liberal democrat!  Why would we want another one?
Hold your breath
There needs to be a special prosecutor. Stop pretending this is a game. You're a goddamned adult and this is serious.
Five members of the Trump campaign have lied about connections to Russia. Trump has fired three people investigating those tied to Russia.
OMGosh MIke you and Mitch just shut the 'ell up.  Stop your insanity.  We, the people, don't want M.G. for FBI.
Savvy suggestion from Mike Lee, knowing this would free up a seat on the powerful D.C. Circuit for Trump to fill
Instead of a special prosecutor, @realDonaldTrump should nominate Merrick Garland to replace James Comey.
It's far less savvy than it is cynical. You really ought to recognize the difference.
And fill Garland's current judicial seat with who?  GTHOH!
Why not pick CJ Roberts as special prosecutor? They only have part-time jobs, anyway. Justice Jackson in Nuremberg as precedent for it.
After what you guys did to Merrick Garland, that's rich. That's like burning down a man's house then suggesting he'd make a good Fire Chief.
How could you suggest this? No. No. No Merrick Garland. If Obama recommended him I'm against him. So disappointed in you, Mr.Lee.
Obama recommends you should refrain from jumping off a bridge, ma'am.
No to Garland. No to a special prosecutor. Not until there is evidence and so far there's none. GOP needs a spine, not a bunch of RINO's.
We need special prosecutor for illegal surveillance the Obama admin was engaged in. There is evidence of that, therefore a cause of action.
There is no evidence that any warrantless surveillance was ordered by Obama.
Yes there is. I guess we both have our heads up our asses.
Go ahead, link.
This is a good example of why ppl get pissed at the GOP. You are there to support @POTUS agenda. Stop being weak and folding to Commie Dems
And Garland should tell you and Trump to go jump on a pointy stick.
Good idea. and Garland should wait until the announcement to publicly tell the fascist you support to shove his nomination up his... nose.
"Fascist"...... LoL
Do you prefer authoritarian?
I detect whining and crying. And "men" with pussies that suddenly hurt...
I didn't know they let pre teens have Twitter accounts now.
He's a troll. Your time is more valuable than to waste on him.
Agreed.
We think not!!!
Smh at you.  Republicans never learn.  Always playing the Washington generals hand.
If Trump had wanted to function in the Presidency, instead of his ego show, he should have named Merrick to the Supreme Court first off.
Rather have INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR. Put garland on bench and remove gorsuch.then things are way should be.
But Gorsuch would have to have an ethics violation to be removed - I think...Trump is an illegitimate - as are all of his appointments.
If removed as illegitimate cause of elections then  logical all decisions, ex orders,and nominations and appointments illegitimate too.
Thank God!!!  I am looking sooo forward to casting my second vote for HRC!!!!
You people are so sad
trumpsters not invited to this party. Its to hard work to educate people like you. Common sense is just so rare.  time to leave my timeline.
- You better not be insulting me like that - to put me in the same league as the poor hearts who support Drumpf and his evil minions!!!
Wasn't me I was referring to mikeyj4460 who I muted after I wrote my reply to him.  That's why his tweet doesn't show. Look him up.
Bad choice !!!!
If you think ant-gun, anti-2nd Amendment Garland should replace Comey apparently you must not believe in our gun rights either! Bad news!
Good start! Maybe just pull back Gorsuch's lifetime seat and hold up any other judges until we know who POTUS is working for
How about you rediscover your integrity and spine and put country over party.
Awesome idea!
@snarkydavid @realDonaldTrump and open up his seat to a republican so that Trump can fire him? #nah
So we should cave to Dems? Seriously?
actually the Democrats are the Americans and the Republicans are not.  Very simple.
Either stand up against #Treason or go down as #Complicit... Tick, Tock, Tick, Tock
I despise Trump, but there's no evidence of this yet.
Tick, Tock, Tick, Tock... Drip, Drip, Drip.
No more swamp creatures...no thanks
you are aware the election is over, right?
Smoke screens don't get investigated by the FBI. Evidence of treason with a hostile foreign power would. Which is why trump fired Comey
The FBI is a left wing partisan entity? Hmm... sounds like BS
No
Ridiculous. When did Pelosi or Reid suggest a Conservative for any post? Stop pandering to Dems. It's weak.
Clearly this is your Olive branch to Dems because you realize they'll not rest until #trump is impeach
#IMPEACHTRUMP
Draining the swamp includes you, Mike. No way does a real republican push for a far left liberal like you just did. You suck.
Lee hates Trump just like his buddies Cruz and Rubio. I agree.
Careful...He wants to remove up a DEM Federal Judge position to fill it with a Conservative.
He can leave one post for another!
Right, but I would rather have him as a judge. Find another independent person to head FBI, suggesting Garland has BAD motives.
I think his motive is Extremely BAD as well sometimes you have to ride the wave instead of duck dive it though.
Umm no! WE ARE TIRED OF KISSING DEMS ASSES! YALL NEED TO GROW SOME BALLS AND STAND UP FOR THE ONES WHO ELECTED YALL FIR ONCE!
MIKE LEE FORGETS GARLAND WAS NOMINATED BY OBAMA IMMEDIATELY AFTER UNINVESTIGATED MURDER OF JUSTICE SCALIA WHO DID NOT RECEIVE STATE FUNERAL
@POTUS @MELANIATRUMP @FLOTUS
THIS IS NOT JUST A CONCESSION TO DIMS OF UNIVERSAL PROPORTION but a SALUTE to the MURDER of Justice Scalia
While we're at it, get Ronald McDonald to run the FDA.
Your comparison is ridiculous. Merrick Garland is widely respected jurist & former federal prosecutor.
I take offense that Ronald McDonald is ridiculous. Apologize.
You're right. Since a clown is currently POTUS, Ronald McDonald running FDA isn't ridiculous.
About time you hypocrites man up and accept the results of a "Free and Fair" election "Anyone who doesnt accept elect results is a danger.."
Why this response to me? Nowhere did I say he wasn't POTUS. I accept he's our POTUS and he's a clown.
Hey Jesus! Where's my F'ing pony? Get off Twitter and get my my goddamn pony!
He's an absentee father that owes centuries of back child support. BTW, your name is blasphemous.
The FBI is not about some established legal nerds. It's about counter jihad. Very doubtful Garland understands threat doctrine
He was the lead prosecutor on the OKC bombing right? His Wikipedia bio looks like he quite a bit of counter-terrorism experience.
And exactly what experience does Merrick Garland have to run the FBI? And why would any judge with lifetime appointment give that up for FBI
Not necessarily for it, but Garland has more DOJ experience than Comey. As for judges leaving for the Bureau, Bill Sessions did it.
@3L3V3NTH And create a vacancy on the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals for Trump to fill? Aw, HELL NO!
My priority is Trump out of office.  That is what everyone needs to worry about.
Just sayin' there R plenty of bad ass, committed public servants with unquestionable integrity to do the job w/o opening up a CA Judge spot.
Understood and not disagreeing with that.
who replaces him on the bench? how many minutes before trump fires him?
1. A federalist soc favorite and 2. Depends on how recently dessert was served.
hmmm. Not sure this is ironclad good idea.
My suggestion for FBI Director is Patrick Fitzgerald.
Put away two Illinois governors. One republican one democrat.
And Scooter Libby.
Next time u run for office, run as a Democrat!
idk. Dems would have a hell of a hard time standing in the way of that nomination. Could be genius!
But would he be partisan??
I don't know much about him, but I did hear several non-RINO Reps speak favorably of him during the scotus whine fest.
I felt bad for him because Obama used him as a pawn!
Nope!  It opens up a Federal Judgeship for Trump to appoint!
This is the dumbest thing I ever heard... just quit with the garland thing
Porque no los dos?
A Big NO!   What you smoking little lee? Maybe a #NeverTrumper
HaHaHaHa
Your advice assumes trump is  rational and fair minded. You would be mistaken.
No no no
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
What is humorous about hiring another leftist socialist hate America person?????
Yeah, just kneel down in front of the Democraps and ask to service them! #RINO
Yes..Because the Democrats have ALWAYS been reciprocal to Republicans when things like this happen. How about the R's grow a spine instead?
That's an inspired idea!!
We're not falling for this trick: then Trump can appoint new Chief Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for DC. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
HahahahahHha
I'm sure your tongue is firmly planted in your cheek, eh Senator?
No!
Mr President please don't listen to these Rinos, they've been bending over for dims so long they don't know how to follow a true leader.
BS! My Garland should not be in govt. Lawyer!
No Mike. Just no.
I get the joke...but there are too many libs who are going to take you seriously
Then the @SenateGOP will cry he was being considered by #Obama and was rejected by the GOP.I say apoint the Cali Mexican judge
Uh ... NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
Don't be silly
Something wrong with that guy or Obama wouldn't have (kind of) pressed him upon us. Or, he is a nebbish & O knew for once y'all were serious
No he needs to be on the SCOTUS.
USA looking for hero! Please follow up!
Russia
Nazis
Taxes
Lies
Nepotism
@jaketapper @tedlieu @WalshFreedom
Love you, Sen. Mike but NO WAY! Smacks way too much of appeasement.
Mike, I watched you holding the Senate floor during the last Govt shutdown and  congrat you for your excellent lesson on the U.S. Constitut.
He has an impressive résumé as a judge. However, someone who has worked in the field would bee nice to see.
Pretty sure he's leaning towards nominating Jared.
That is an interesting first step.
No. No on Merrick Garland.
The same Merrick Garland that you wouldn't give a SCOTUS hearing? Wow you're a hypocrite.
#SweetSweetJustice
When did you, @SenJohnMcCain & @LindseyGrahamSC defect to the Democrat Party?
@POTUS needs you to have his back
Stop behaving like morons!
Wave the white flag cowards.
Mike get out of bed with Pelosi - GOP owe the Dumbs nothing - and you sir should change party affiliation
Uh no
Are you sick?
Lol
R President is only1 fighting against the democrats.

We're is R leadership,We Want republi 2stand by r President.
WeWantR party2 Fight Bk
In case it has slipped your mind, you're a republican. Try to act like it
You sir have to go. You have Cuck statement of the Year. We slay Democrats not appease them. Resign now.
Americans have spoken.No more pandering to liberals. Sen Lee,will of people should trump optics. Remember you were elected to serve the ppl
Satire!
Or we could have a special prosecutor... That sounds like a better idea. #SpecialProsecutor #impeachTrumpnow
Ok
The administration doesn't need anyone affiliated or was affiliated with Obama and garland is one of them.
On what level does this make any sense. I am concerned that you would be touting this man to head FBI.
Would Garland be great in that role? Of course. But then Republicans would fill his vacated seat on the DC Court. Bad idea.
No thanks. Trump removes a powerful judge and gets to replace him
Are you insane?? Your a brilliant man . Why would U want to bow to dems? Absolutely not Garland. Actually, I would love to C U on the court
Good idea but not a hope in hell!
why would @realDonaldTrump trust you you were and still are a #NeverTrumper   I don't trust you
lol okay sure
Oh, like that would happen.
Hell no.
Nothing appeases the Democrats. They behave like a bunch of animals! Embarrassed for our country!
All Senate RINOs pushing a Dem for FBI, when we hold all branches govt & maj State legis & Govs, need to be replaced  #ElectRealRepublicans
That is a hell of an idea.
No.
Why?
No, trump should not get an additional appointment to the DC Circuit court.
Very slick of you Mike. You'd have Merrick give up his position as chief judge of the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit. Shove it.
I think Senator Lee should be drug tested and mentally evaluated.
Please, this is a really embarrassing suggestion. Stop.
You CANNOT fire the one that investigates you. Obermann nails this Mike! Listen and learn
An interesting suggestion. 
Bullshit.  What a transparent tactic to entrench more unAmerican conservatives on the bench.
Are you frigging crazy! Man lost my respectful opinion of you
How about heck no Senator Lee... What's the rationale behind this suggestion?  I'd much rather it be Trey Gowdy.
What a stupid idea.
Stop polluting the atmosphere w/your thoughtless, knee-jerk illogical ideas.
U think Dems gonna give you a pass? No.
No
How very tongue-in-cheek of you! You suggest he leave the JB 4 the LB. Methinks you want him vulnerable to the whims of "You're fired!" DJT.
Gee Mike, do you have any other Obama nominees to suggest so you can suck up to the Democrats you cuck?!?!
Don't you get it Senator? Nobody wants that guy...
No he should replace him with SHERIFF CLARK
Whose side are you on? #RINO
This is one of those Rinos we beat next election. Lee is toast next election even tho he kisses the hand of the mormon king. Hes a Cuck!
Why doesn't he just hire Tiffany?
Please don't open that door.Stand your ground against the obstructionist. Stand behind the POTUS. He's wking hard to bring USA back grandeur
Thanks, but no. We see through this.
Haha
I wonder why Daines retweeted. Hmmm.
Can't believe you and your friends can't see that this Pres. is corrupt. American press banned at White House and Russian press welcome.
Oh yes let's put one of Obama's nominees in. Your RINO is showing Mike this is your last go round..
No @SenMikeLee that should read, In addition TO a special prosecuter, @realDonaldTrump should nominate MerrickGarland in place of #Comey
=>Stop caving to the liberals! Or you'll be out on your ear.
Any guy floated by the anti American POTUS Obama gets a hell no from me. Good lord man!
Joe Scarborough should replace Comey .
Stupid suggestion. Perhaps your holy knickers are in a twist.
... and Merrill Garland should decline
Is this a joke, Senator?
Regardless of party affiliation, this is a American issue
Oh, I see. You're a wolf in sheep's clothing.
This is the same dumb logic behind the WH using DAG's letter as a basis for firing Comey...we get something we want and Dems can't be mad
Have you lost your mind? What an absurd suggestion.
That's the last straw. I have lost ALL respect for you. Disgusting beyond belief. Why not come out full democrat and stop pretending
Your a comedian right?
Mother will not tolerate such disloyalty. The only qualified candidate for the post is Hillary Rodham-Clinton.
If only he were magnanimous. If only he had the least desire to unite the country. Only goal is "winning." Crushing others in process.
I take your point, but in fairness (and my experience) you just described 90% of all politicians
Maybe so, but in the best of times we have a good number of politicians who look for ways to win without leaving wake of destruction behind!
And this is far from the best of times...
Do u want POTUS 2 appt looser Garland 2 replace Comey?! Is that a joke? If so, it's not funny! America deserves a winner!
Oh hell the f*ck no! Totally ridiculous, quit trying to be bipartisan with ppl who have zero interest in it themselves.
No we want to keep him right where he is a Judge in DC
Mejor yo!Si Trump es presidente por que yo no,director del FBI voy a juego con su presidencia
What the hell is the matter with you! We elected Republicans to do our bidding in DC House Senate President wake up listen to us!
#MerrickGarland was an activist judge that rubber stamped violations of FOPA 1986.Putting him in charge of ANY federal agency is ABSURD! #2A
Why not both?
This is a stupid fucking idea
That's not a food idea. Thanks for sharing, though.
Nice try. Special prosecutor would be better.
You've GOT TO BE KIDDING me?
You have no problem with what is going on? With Rosenstein saying he was going to resign. With articles on how he fired him cuz of investg
Wow. This is either the best or worst idea I've heard in a long time.
Mike Lee comes up with King Solomon idea! Thanks!
how about trump picks trey gowdy and not an obama lacky. The republicans WON! remember moron?
I usually agree with you, but I find it hard to even take this recommendation seriously.
If I were Merrick Garland I'd say "shove it" to that
This is a dumb idea. Giving him a job he wouldn't have otherwise been considered for just because his SCOTUS nom went south is bad pol games
