WAY TO GO SENATOR HATCH!!! Let's get this Cabinet appointed! We The People applaud you!!!
you realize you don't have a mandate....
That's your opinion.Again,I didn't ask for it.Don't need a mandate anyway--we have a President.

get bent. You have no soul.

hope your donor cycle crashes!
I just want him to show non partisan leadership!
Did you meet Garland or do you only do what the GOP tells you to?
The Koch brothers didn't want Garland.  Who is running the Senate????
This isn't about party, Senator. It's about America. This has nothing to do with the election. If you can't see
exactly.  Destroying the Senate.  All of them.
Like replacing the police with rapists.
even the corrupt police are better than the mafia
YOU AND PRICE KNOW THIS.  NOW I AM GOING PUBLIC WITH THE HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS IN MRI FRAUD. YOU'RE FUCKED.
do tell!  Is it like the Rick Perry Medicare fraud???
HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS OF DOLLARS IN MRI FRAUD BY ORTHOPEDIC SURGEONS - HIDDEN IN LAYERS OF LLCs
Thank you Sen Hatch. The Democrats have acted uneducated children. I am thankful that you stood up to them.
The Senate is not in existence to support or deny any President.  Read up.
munchkin is a crook., along with our crooked president #SenateHearing #WeThePeople #bully
YUP.  NO ONE is talking about the Madoff scheme!
Suspending rules to bypass democracy, and meet the "Grand Old Party's" (GOP) desires is not in our #constitution
#hypocrit
Have your nerve. You guys didn't even have hearings on Gardner. This is not a democracy. . You're thugs!
just another example of what filth cheats and rule breakers you all are. Shame on you.
this xoming from 3 month protestors and crybabies!! Lol
Orrin has always been just such a JERK!  I am amazed he is still in office!
lol.liberals have no loyalty. How quickly they turn on anyone who doesn't have same views. Thx Orrin
FYI-My "liberal" days began with the Never Trump movement. Just intolerant of incompetence!  (Hatch has been a Jerk FOREVER!)
GOP should be ashamed of themselves. They are showing their true colors and its not red, white and blue.
Koch $$$$$
-We have our AMERICA  back!
Are you honest in your dealings with your fellow men, Senator Hatch? Nope.
Time to start calling D's behavior for what it is. #Anarchy. They are fomenting division and anger.
that's funny.
http://www.latimes.com/topic/politics-government/government/orrin-hatch-PEPLT002777-topic.html … 
Senate panel approves Mnuchin only after Republicans change rules to bypass #democracy
with no paperwork filed. Nice.
Does Putin have pee pee tapes on you, too? How can you sit back and allow neo-Nazi Bannon to hijack the govt?
Koch Bros $$$$
Seems you don't like it when the tables are turned. We will never forget Merrick Garland.
you have sold us out for too long Senator. We are coming for you. Your days in office are numbered. #JustUs
is it only okay to ignore the rules when it is in your favor?  Why is a delay bad for two people that lied?
this is outrageous!!! If the Dems had done this u would be fuming. Stop working for the repubs and work for MT.
Horrible.  Obstruct Obama for 8 years, now start whining.  Do u need a whaaaambulance?
why do you hate democracy senator? Why shouldn't questions be answered?
Chairman Orrin Hatch (R-Utah), called @TheDemocrats "pathetic" and "idiots." What a great person for Senate.
Really? Who is to blame for #MerrickGarland? You circumvented law to do what you wanted.  That is not right!
UnConstitutional but you all manage to change the cliffnotes on that..UnAmerican and certainly No forethought
So, you decided to pull some illegal moves in response? Yay.
nithing compared 2 what u have called Trump n his supporters...u libs luv 2 dish it but can't take it.Lost AGAIN
you mean like obamacare? Pushed through without one Republican vote? Save ur holier than thou liberal bs!U lost!
Rules of DEMOCRACY no longer apply??? What is this, some third world country? #VoteHatchOut #shameonyou
You are folllowing a leader who is a prosperity Christian
He is not saved
Materially wealthy & spiritually poor
Stop feigning outrage about Dem behavior when the Republicans have been masters of obstruction & immorality.
#Hillary-lious
No, sir, we blame YOU, the person who rewarded 2 perjurers by illegally passing them on.
You're supporting dictatorship. Dems never did this. Your party obstructed for EIGHT YEARS.
@ElliottRHams @SenOrrinHatch get er done!!
NO on Betsy Devos, PLEASE. She acted way to smug and there are way better choices out there.
doubt that. Breaking rule when convenient.
you are such a hypocrite!     SHAME!        SHAME!
don't worry if the rules doesn't fit the republicans will change them.
you are the ultimate coward hatch
SHAME ON YOU THE USA IS FALLING APART RETIRE AND MAKE WAY FOR A YOUNGE PERSON THAT HAS ETHICS
2016 Sen. McConnell: There will not be hearings or votes. 
2017 Sen. McConnell: Treat our nominees the same as Obama's
I forget, you voted which for Garland?
Wait until we stop paying our taxes. GOP did this to Obama, but not fair now? You, are the idiots. BoycottUtah
I blame you. #hypocrisy
why have rules if you can just suspend them?  What a joke.
they should be sidelined. People on side of action; not tantrum throwers.
People have had it w/ 16 yr obstruction and turf wars while country falls apart. Dems can be part of solution or
After years of neglect this nation has so many problems & will reward those who actually address them v/s hotair
Yes, they should have been an unethical hack like you are.  That'll learn him.  Do us a favor, and retire.
Good job! Now you guys r thinking. Dems out of ideas, so became party of propaganda, obstruction & destruction.
You are a disgrace Hatch!!! Your conference with the media right now is shameful.Price should NOT be confirmed.
I just listened to Hatch. Democrats requested further information yet it was never provided. Hatch overstepped.
Hypocrite.  How dare Sen Hatch talk about obstructionism.  SHAME
we the people are watching you! You did nothing the last 8 years! The majority will vote u out!
ur irrelevant haven't u lost enough?! Lol
Orrin Hatch represents the worst good old boy, crony capitolism.
You cannot SUSPEND THE RULES! This is an affront to our democracy! @SteveDaines @SenOrrinHatch
u can.and he did. Learned from Obama 101 obamacare
Hatch in a blantly un-American actions puts party and payoffs above Americans.  A disgrace and embarrassment
Liar. They were doing their jobs, trying to investigate perjury. Also, remember how great you said Garland was?
Thank you Senators!!!!
You denied Garland his seat on SC. Now you throw the rules aside to pass men who lied in their hearings.
You will allow men who have lied in their confirmation hearings to pass through. You are not protecting  us.
: you're a beast they wanted them back for a legitimate reason
Repub R breaking the Rules. NO prob in 2 yrs when U are in the minority. Don't be crying about rules broke on R
Disgusting 'Trump-like behavior'  Mr. Hatch.  Way to stomp on democracy.
They have done nothing more than you and your party have done for 8 years.
The IDEA that you changed the rules at the expense of the objection of the minority spits on the past precedence
how does it feel to steal democracy? How do you live with yourself?
if you can't play by the rules just change them, right? That's something my 3 year old son does.
After the obstruction? What a hypocrite.

My southern mother would have tied you all together and said learn to get along. Only then would she let you go.
Really how odd you didn't remember not showing up at Betsy DeVos and voting by Proxy..you didn't show up.
They should have shown up and stopped their romper room games!
Shame on you. You have sealed your role in history as a man without integrity.
Hatch is a shitstain of a human being.
To suspend rules to win means you can't win otherwise. Anarchy means you are lunch or you have lunch - careful.
Shame. The American people are watching you. Mnuchin is as low-life and greedy as they come. #NotInMyCountry
Merrick Garland
Orin must have alzheimers since he doesn't remember Republican obstruction for 8 years.
exactly!!! Selective recall
suspend.try all out stomp on committee rules and illegaly push these filthy liars into cabinet.  Suspend my ass.
are you kidding me??? "Unprecedented obstruction?" Hmmmm nothing like you and yours have been doing 4ever? 
Like the Republicans did in 2013? http://www.politico.com/story/2013/05/republicans-boycott-gina-mccarthy-vote-91124_Page2.html …
I thought we lived in a democracy?  No?  Well what do you call it now, Bannon Rules?
THE HORSES OF OLE WHO DIDN'T PULL THEIR SHARE GOT REPLACED=DANGER TO TEAM=MAGA
REALLY? You just overstepped all our checks & balances to feel more powerful, to send a msg? #Impeachrepublicans
After 8 years as the "party of no", suddenly the Repubs are the party of "decorum". Hypocrites.
Thank you for laying the groundwork for the Dems in 2 years when the other 50% comes out to vote. #facistussa
Shame on you Mr Hatch. I am embarrassed that you are my representative.
your to blame to you should know better your suppose to lead but continue to chose being a coward won't forget
-Merrick Garland - now that's obstruction - have you no shame?
Hey @SteveDaines thanks for using you platform & influence to ensure nat’l politics will remain a game of blind tribalism. Country > party?
No!  We have you 2 Blame for Insider trading swept under the rug 4 Price.  Corruption & VenalityGOP.
Only way you guys can win is by rigging & cheating. What are you going to day when the Fox audience dies off?
u nean like Hillary rigged and still lost?? That's only reason y u all refuse 2 accept Trump's win!
.@SteveDaines @SenOrrinHatch True leadership. @SenateMajLdr should take note!
and they alone will be held accountable.
Our Country needs a full Cabinet. The lack of leadership in Treasury is threatening our economy. Thank SenOrrin!
we the people will blame you. Thanks for listening to the majority that doesn't approve.
u mean ur useless unemployed pd protester that one ZERO 4 USA but bully n harass but defend ILLEGALS?!
.@SteveDaines @SenOrrinHatch Pls ask Sen, who accepted campaign contributions from #DeVos fam, to recuse #draintheswamp #conflictofinterest
Thank you, Senator  Hatch!!!!!
when DT SB "suspend" ALL rules you'll sing a diff song."Woe is me"
TOM PRICE IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST HHS SEC'Y PICK;  NOW I WILL SPEND THE NEXT YEAR EXPOSING MD FRAUD IN THE PRESS.
Thank you!!
