It's a symbol. What jingoistic nonsense.
If you think is just a symbol why  everyone is taking down the statues they are only a symbol right? Did you object that
Who's talking about introducing a constitutional amendment to take down statues?  Keep the discussion clean.
The discussion is clean : you're saying that the flag is just a "symbol" so my argument is: some want to destroy it same like the statues
And my counter is there are exactly zero people trying to set up a constitutional amendment to tear down statues
There isn't a parallel here whatsoever
There is a parallel here, not constitutionally but intentionally they are both part of our history, why keep destroying history good or bad
Otherwise will never end what's next
You do realize the only way to properly 'retire' an American flag is to burn it, right? Oh yeah, & there's the pesky 1st Amendment too 
Yes but obviously u missed the part where they perform a ceremony in respect and honor of the flag. It's not done out of disrespect
But if you can't challenge the symbols of your country and gov't, what's the point of "free" speech?
Home of the brave means UPHOLDING #BoR
Why do u feel its necessary to challenge the U.S. flag? Is it not a symbol of freedom and unity of states within our country?
Of course, b/ ur imposing ur experience & beliefs unto others. U don't know their experience, so shouldn't they get to decide 4 themselves?
Ok u lost me. I'm not imposing my beliefs oon any1. To merely state the obvious is not imposing. I'm just trying 2 understand u logic.
Obvious to you.  I'm a former Marine and I'd burn the flag daily if it means the end of injustice for blacks, gays, and women.  It's a flag!
That was the backbone symbol to the country u represent? Blacks and women are no longer treated unfairly so I'm still confused.

I am stealing this meme. 
U shouldn't be burning either one of them.
But, you should ALWAYS have the option to burn the flag as a free speech component.
Tell me, what "speech" is represented by burning that which holds us together and shows we are United?
It's a form of freedom of expression. You're not violating someone else's right by burning a flag.
It's a form of freedom of the utmost disrespect. It's not that ur disrespecting soldiers, country or freedom. Ur disrespecting urself.
Yeah and you should have the legal right to do so. If I own the U.S. flag in particular, why can't I desecrate it? My property...
Aren't there more important things you could be doing?
Why dont you start acting like a human being who loves our country.
Hey @ACLU did you see this?!   The KKK can burn crosses & the @GOP says that's ok but we can't burn a flag? I value Christ more material!!
@joanie69 
Lets reopen Ellis Island!!
How about a Constitutional Amendment to ban collusion with Russia or foreign states in hacking U.S. elections to protect American freedom ?
Christian proposes widespread idolatry, right wing false Christians rejoice.
Are you also going to criminalize people eating potato salad on the Fourth of July off paper plates with the American flag on them?
I can’t believe a US Senator would disrespect the men and women of the armed forces like this
I'm with you!! Any act against the flag, is an act against our country! Frdm of Spch is a privilege, burning the flag is treasonous act
I jumped out of airplanes for my country. I didn't do that so you could trample upon the values behind the very flag you purport to protect.
This amendment in principle violates the property rights of those that burn flags that these same persons bought.
If you want to make burning the flag illegal, you must hate this country.
Thank you from this Vietnam vet!!!!!

You're not going to win. It's protected by the constitution. Also, don't worship cloth. It's not sentient. It can't love you back.
The NFL should stand up for the flag and anyone who disgraces the flag should never be able to play on any team.
#Nancy Pelosi tweets concern over fag flag being desecrated but votes against law banning desecration of 
I am a disable American Veteran and our flag is what we stand for in this Great Country and anyone who disgraces the flag should be shot.
It's easy to burn the American flag @ any time @ any place. Tell u what. Why not show me how bad ass u really think u r, head over to the...
Dumb idea. Hot chicks would never be able to dispose of worn flag bikinis, or flag booty shorts. Do you really want that burden on ur soul?
How about we worry about something more important, like how Trump is destroying our country and our relationship with the rest of the world.
Another liberal sucker the world has been taken advantage of us for a long time do you mind if we get the respect back
Advantage of the rest of the world. Pick up a book and educate yourself on years of shifty American foreign policy!!
For your knowledge I'm well educated I don't need your affirmation, and you must know we spend billions defending other nations
Try again, America is not the only country try spending billions defending nations that "ASK"for help!!
We all love America, Steve. That's the way it's supposed to be.  God bless America!
Sadly, I'm so cynical after being told by #Republicans on #FAIRtax that they support us, I'll believe it when I see it.
I hate it and would say nothing if they got beat up for burning the flag but I don't think it should be enforced by the police. #MAGA
I AGREE IN THEORY BUT YOU JUST CANT FIX STUPID
HOPE IT MAKES LAW
And this should be the exception
Confused about the meaning of "free speech", I see. What were your qualifications to be in the Senate? An excess of ill-gotten loot?
Damned sure wasn't a grounding in Constitutional law.
Thank you. Any idiot that burns the flag or thinks it's ok to do so doesn't deserve to live in the USA. Worthless ungrateful p'sos.
As a 4th generation veteran who enlisted during the Vietnam War I can say unequivocally that my family served the country, not a flag.
Thank you!
While it is a symbol of our freedom and burning it is of the utmost DISRESPECT, it's all about our rights and the freedom to express them.
Ah, so you admit it's just a symbol. Thanks.
Y'all can't even pass a budget, like you're required to do. Stop with the childish pandering.
This bill makes a piece of cloth more important than actual freedoms. A symbol is exactly that,a symbol. A freedom is a freedom.
Freedoms in democracies are protected by law,like the freedom of speech & expression. You want to make a law,to ban this freedom?
"freedom"
It is fabric. People matter. Why don't you do something that helps people and let fabric fend for itself? Montana deserves better.
If you actually knew about proper flag etiquette, you'd know the proper way to dispose of one is to burn it.  From http://vfw.com ..
The flag was not to touch the ground,it was not to be left out over night or left in the rain?,
It's an idol,or to be worshiped,it's just cloth.But to those who have&do serve it  means alot,and represents the lives given forour country.
I am so sorry for the mixup that was suppose to have said not an idol.
Just old enough to remember some of the rules,am sure others especially military family know others
Nice but please focus on what we voted for- Full Repeal of ACA, tax reform & reduction, immigration reform but no amnesty for anyone. Thanks
No thanks. Whether I agree/disagree w/flag burning (and the US Supreme Court has affirmed one can burn the flag), burning it is free speech.
This year I'll introduce a Bill into Congress making it Mandatory to Attend (For all Congressmen) lectures by ABA about the USConstitution

To "honor" the flag while denying the 1st Amendment is to show a profound misconception about the Constitution and democracy in general.
This has already been covered and ruled on by SCOTUS - stop wasting taxpayer $$ on this nonsense:
#FREEDOMOFEXPRESSION
#DUMBASSDAINES
Right after you introduce an amendment that makes it unconstitutional to hang a black President in effigy. Do something useful Steve.
1/ So would you say it symbolizes James Madison and the courage he had to use words and actions in support of his convictions? If you
2/ answer yes, then I would like to hear how you justify breaking the First Amendment with this act of government overreach. What other
3/3 rights guaranteed in our Constitution are you in favor of eliminating? Whatever happened to the party of small government?
Thank you. It's about time someone stood up for the American flag!
Dear fucknut who never served in the military:

We don't defend a piece of cloth. We defend the ideals it embodies.
Please continue your decision for this statement & keep us informed. Thank you.
You're completely misguided. Unless the flag no longer stands for freedom, doesn't your proposed Amendment violate that freedom?
A similar amendment was just one vote shy of passing in 2006. ONE VOTE! Thank you for bringing this back! 
The irony is real
@blkvette 

Senator, you know what I'd like to see? A public channel that scrolls daily what Congress is doing for The people.
Money is free speech so why not burning a flag?
Nope #PuddinBrain. Burning theis constitutionally-protected freedom of speech. We swore to defend the #Constitution, not a piece of cloth.
Taking a nap would have been more productive.
Free speech allows the burning of flags. You hate the constitution that much? How about already changing the flag to the Swastika one then?
Amendment or not, burn a flag around me and I will put it out with your face. #9thArmored #Remagen
I think you should look up the word 'symbol'
All the problems we face and THIS is what you come up with? Who voted for this asshat?
Too bad.
Thought on a bill for burning crosses? 
YOU don't get to pick MY symbols. Put your Amendment in the WH, the place where the sun never shines. Have a 12 yr old explain that to you.
Ban the lying scumbag who steals war widow death benefits and our White House. I'll burn what I like, happy that you don't like it.
This is settled law, we have been done this road before. I don't like it but don't even think about trying to burn my flag
YOU HAVE MY VOTE,USA CITIZENS FIRST
Thank you! It's about time we put a stop to the continuing assaults upon our beautiful flag! 
What is it with you snowflakes and your precious, precious safe spaces?  "Don't hurt muh flag!"  Get over it ya bunch of pansies.
Thank u! Long over due! We owe this to our fallen heroes.
This despite the fact that proper flag disposal is burning the flag.
Too much blood fighting for it for those sacrifices to be dishonered by burning and disrespecting it.
burning the flag is a constitutional right protected by the first amendment. there's been supreme court cases on this...
the most famous case is johnson v. texas (1989). the conclusion is too long to include in 140 characters, so here's a screenshot form oyez:
basically, it is protected bc it is a form of expression. laws outlawing this form of expression is unconstitutional according to the court.
i personally would never burn the flag, but that doesn't give me the right to deny people their rights.
Can't ban free speech (burning the flag) especially when it's tied to the most Crooked government in history! https://youtu.be/0lrzDV_c4PU 
This is absolutely not how you gain liberty.
It doesn't take a Constitutional amendment.  It takes a law that includes severe penalties, AND enforcement.  Enforcement is what's lacking.
I love it! Burning the American flag is not free speech.  It is a form of hate against America.  @POTUS  is right! MAGA!
Where is this bill at present? straight through it doesn't take an idiot to know how to vote for this should have been done along time ago
There's already a Constitutional Amendment that allows it. Are you wanting to rewrite the 1st amendment to say something different?
Are any U.S. flags made in America? Almost all were made in China. Thanks to the job creators who deserve tax breaks.
I hate seeing the flag burn, I myself would physically prevent it, but outlawing this form of expression is dangerous and wrong.
Or you could do something with your time and our money that actually matters. Like most anything. Go mow the white house lawn or something.
You don't get it. Veterans actually fought to protect ALL speech, even what they might find abhorrent.
No. As a veteran, I served to defend the Constitution, not the flag. I wouldn't burn it, but I'd defend those who deem it necessary. #1A
I owe you a debt that can't be repaid. Thank you.
Omg you are such a pandering ass! Just stop.
Should have been against the law since the beginning...
MAGA...
WHERE IS THE PETITION WE WOULD ALL SIGN!
Please introduce a constitutional amendment that removes judges from bench who legislate from the bench
If a petition is needed to accomplish it lets do it. It's not freedom of speech it's disrespectful to America and its people
Maybe a constitutional amendment to keep stupid people from introducing constitutional amendments.
How surprising. 
The flag is a symbol. Focus on those who defend what it stands for. Stop ban on trans in military. Fix the VA. Negotiate w/DPRK to avoid war
Tackling the pressing issues I see!
I'm embarrassed for you.
Prohibiting flag burning because it is a symbol of "freedom" is laughable.
I think burning the USA flag is foolish and ignorant. But I would never impinge a person's right to do it.
Steve proves to be a very typical politician. All they know how to do is either ban things or tax things. Or both.
So you're going to violate individual rights in order to celebrate individual rights? Yup, you're a politician.
You supported Trump -- the antithesis of American freedom & heroism. You sold out your country. You sold out your children & their children.
You guys preach a good sermon, but you crap on Americans every day and then scream Patriotism to rally the fools! Do your damn job!
You #StupidIgnorantFuck do something to protect the environment & all of your burning forests from #ClimateChange, not hoopla to #Inbreds
If you had ever served in our military 
You would know better 
Ask A Vet 
Protecting our constitution is more important !!
Yeah?
So you want to repeal the first amendment? Cause flag burning is constitutionally protected.
Just arrest them for arson, it's a very stiff penalty
All symbols and idols unravel under the sun
Oh, the irony.
I'll take "First Ammendment" for 500, Alex.
Seems to me that nobody appreciates the true meaning of our flag and the freedom it symbolizes. So sad how pathetic everyone is these days..
You really want to add America to the list of countries where free speech -esp. speech you disagree with-is made illegal? You're no American
"Our freedom symbol is so sacred, I propose we forcibly restrict Americans' freedoms to do as they wish with it!"

Truly, a patriot
Burning or destroying a flag if I own it is a completely legitimate form of freedom of expression.
If you're so hard up for it, pass a regulation stating that US flags sold here have to be made from nonflammable material.
If I by the flag at Walmart for $19.99 it is my Flag, not your flag or our Flag, but mine. So therefourth I can do whatever with it.
Freedom.  Of.  Speech.
That'll get get you some votes from the slack-jawed jingoistic kneejerkoffs.
Burning a flag is someones right to do so under free speech. I would much rather protect their freedom than anything else.
Noone wishes that could be law more than I. We have far to many larger fish to fry than that right now. #Isis #Repeal&ReplaceObamacare #DRNK
It will never pass. Sorry only in America,can you burn the Flag  and not be killed. That is our Strength !!
And I used crayons to color my menu at lunch. Maybe tomorrow, we'll actually do something helpful?
Could I still decorate a jacket with a flag, or make some flag pants? Would an upside down flag in protests be illegal? /1
Could it also be illegal not stand for the national anthem? Whenever I hear some no name GOPer coming up with crap like this it's clear /2
They're as useless as tits on a boat hog /3
Just like the snowflake leftists who get offended at every possible thing, you want a 'safe space' where you don't see something offensive.
Sounds like you burned the Constitution instead
Symbol of American freedom! But you want to reduce Americans' freedoms by forbidding people from burning it? Makes no sense.
Don't defect to the Democrats. We want actual freedom, not ridiculous rules from the central government.

Drain the swamp, don't enhance it.
A symbol that Trump disrespects on a daily basis. This constituent thinks you need to start stopping him rather than work on this frivolity.
This is what I think of your amendment.
What a waste of time.
Maybe you should try reading the Constitution instead of amending it.
So you don't value free speech Mr. Daines?
So you proposed an amendment to the Constitution that is Unconstitutional? Are you high?
You cant add an amendment that negates the very first amendment, dumdum.
If it's a symbol of freedom it can be burned in the name of it. Ironic yet protected
I would much rather see a Constitutional Amendment closing a loophole in the Fourteenth Amendment, Section 1.
It seems straight forward 
Except there is no penalty for abridgement

It used to be until the hippies of the 60's now in gov did away with it
Without the flag, there is no free speech.  You are a Marine? Wow!
Yes let's take away more freedoms, real smart Stevy.
I don't live in Montana, But I'm so Glad you are Moving this into Law , Respect not Disrespect- Freedom -Well it's not Free- We fought 4 It
learned this was already a thing in grade school. remember? turns out there are times this is REQUIRED. so dumb, such waste of time, energy.
Looks like that backfired.

I think it will be a better idea to ban by law two terrorist groups: ANTIFA and ISLAM.
Where was all this outrage about healthcare,prescription cost,and othe important things when Obama the muslim was in charge for 8 years?
so screw free speech, political discorse or greiviences with the government. The founders were wrong only patriotism matters.
screw you. You are a authoritarian  piece of garbage. Please rethink your life.
"The greatest tyrannies are always perpetrated in the name of the noblest causes." Thomas Paine
1A is stronger than the Flag. This law must not pass

Otherwise u diminish what the Flag represents in the Bill of Rights
So, you dislike the notion of free speech. Got it.
Again?
Veterans don't fight for a flag, they fight for what that flag represents, freedoms and the constitution.
The best reason not to burn the flag is because you can.
'bout Damn time. 
How much longer till we start banning the destruction or mockery of other symbols because of feelings?
Sorry buddy. I'd like to believe it doesn't happen often, but don't try it. Next thing, you're going to ban some books? Don't infringe
You can uphold American values OR ban flag burning. You worship the symbol rather than loving the values of our nation.
I wish you luck!!
In 2006 Congress attempted to amend the Constitution, the effort failed by one vote in the Senate
That's contrary to what the flag stands for.
Jesus Christ, not again.
Thank you for defending a great flag for a great country. God be with you.
So, you are against freedom of speech and political dissent?
Geez you  have much more important stuff to be doing!! Besides pandering!
I'll burn it until Trump and his Klan are impeached jail me for it! I have the Constitution behind me !
No it doesn't Steve, it represents bullshit and lies!! #SCOTUS already ruled on #flagburning . How the fuck did you get elected not knowng?
It's an act of free speech, Steve. Freedom of speech is for all, not just people you agree with.
