And thanks to best team I could hope for! @matthewberryfcc @Finding_Nemeth @dctexag @RBenderFCC @Zenblurbs @nathanleamerfcc @NickDeganiFCC
Congratulations, Chairman Pai!
So you'll make more money... but all your customers will hate you... is that really good for the long term?
The Chairman has championed AM radio revitalization as well as increased enforcement against pirate radio operators. What's to hate?
Oh and as always @AjitPaiFCC I think you’re a traitor to democracy and I hope you’re indicted for excepting bribes in office. #SaveNetNeutrality
We are grateful U are back!
"Public interest" my ass. Support #netneutrality
Dumbasses that don’t even care about the people’s opinion! Honestly, Ajit, do you even know what #NetNeutrality is?
This is bull shit!
It’s the truth! He is doing more harm to the internet than he is improving it.
I pray you don't destroy the internet and #NetNeutrality
Ugh. You’re terrible.
I don't think there people want you. But you can turn that around. Open up the internet. No caps, no throttle. Make it competitive
Congrats Commish!
Congratulations. Well then let's make sure net neutrality remains. this is what the public wants.It would be a huge mistake doing otherwise.
Besides I've had enough hatred. I would like to support what you're doing. It certainly is my industry, it could be grest.Keep them in line.
As a commercial customer, and having many commercial customers. I would fire every ISP out there for their commitment to do nothing but take
I am so happy you changed your mind, and now want to promote public interest, The public (77%) want NetNeutrality.
We Americans did everything we could to stop it. Please know, we don't want you in this position; we never did.
Congratulations to you! Too bad I can’t send mom’s cupcakes.  This calls for a treat.
Congratulations Ajit per Amy Hiles (Beachner)
So if you're promoting public interest does that mean you're for #netneutrality ? Cuz that would imply you are.
This is a joke, but I do love how you flaunt your failures and misdeeds.  Next please post joyfully about how you let CHIP expire!  
Very disappointed the government continually proves it doesn’t have the best interest of citizens in mind.
Everyone knows you're taking bribes from major telecom...
Open your eyes this 2nd term and do your job the right way.
So, now you want to promote the public interest?
Now you're pro:
#NetNeutrality
end to caps
raising broadband definition

Oh, it was a lie!
Sir, you know full well what the history books will say about you. You are lying to yourself about promoting public interest. Change!
Would appreciate better monitoring of TV. When threats are made on TV there should be consequences.
Regulatory capture. The finest democracy money can buy.
Fuc*. You. Pai.
No rational person can look at your history and think that you give a shit about consumers. Simply reality.
Congratulations Ajit! Looking forward to helping Bridge the Digital Divide for all Americans under your leadership.
Congratulations, sir! Go forth and do good.
What a corrupt and dishonest individual. Do your family admit to knowing you?
I can see you wringing your hands, ready to do what the ISPs bribed you to do: remove #netneutrality  Sad day for the 1st Amendment.
Your work is strictly detrimental to the public interest; that's why almost all dems voted against you - corps don't need more help 
U suck, Pie. The only thing u have going for u is your super subtle troll game is kinda strong 
Christ you're such a fucking piece of shit
Congratulations Sir.
Haha. Where’s your thanks to the telecom industry paying lobbyist money to those who voted to keep you? You suck.
Bad move. When will you start serving the #people ? That’s #us Please don’t waste our time. Do what’s right. Not what brings the #green 
i hope you live in a mansion with a moat and drawbridge because the people will come for you eventually
For real
@SteveDaines this was against the best interests for Montana. #NetNeutrality
You should use quotes around "public interest" to make that joke funny for those who don't realize you're being facetious...
Literally NO PUBLIC I KNOW is interested in you selling the country’s local news biz to right wing propagandists. Not buying you - or it.

Resign. Take your money and go home
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regulatory_capture?wprov=sfti1 …
Really @SteveDaines? How is this in the interests of Montanans?
If you take away net neutrality, get ready for the pitchforks.
Congrats on your 2nd term, Mr. Chairman -- we look forward to having you back on #DiyaTV soon!

I don't think "Public Interest" means what you think it means...
I'd say net neutrality is in the public interest & the bribes donors gave to end it are not.
you are not supposed to work for corporations! retain #netneutrality.. its your job!
3rd worst news of the day after #LasVegasTerrorAttack & #tompetty - you are worse than #TrumpRussia & #NorthKoreaNukes - SAVE #NetNeutrality
"Public interest" from the guy working to take away consumer protections to help Verizon execs become richer. You're a fraud.
Wow. Was the vote 52 to 48, as I presume?
"Like cold water to a weary soul is good news from a distant land". So glad to hear you were re-confirmed, Mr. Pai. Repeal Title II!

#netneutrality  is what is best for the American people.
Can you fix the fact that I only have 1 choice for broadband in a HouTX community? Due to CenturyLink's utter lack of INVESTMENT. No? Ok...
Congrats :)
You spelled self-interest wrong.
you are so full of yourself. Public interest? Family must be privately embarrassed. You cant name 5 things that you did for public
The PolitiBears were ALWAYS confident you would be confirmed.  We Bears think you are a smart Human and you make us laugh.
HERE I WAS THINKING THIS DAY COULDN'T GET WORSE FOR AMERICA
Congrats, Ajit!
You're a criminal who wants to screw over the American people. I will work tirelessly to ensure you are fired before your term is up.
congratulations
Congratulations Ajit Pai. Your 2nd term confirmation occurred on Mahatma Gandhi Jayanti (October 2). Good Luck.
this is a fucking joke, the only interested you work for is big cable. And you dotard bear boyfriend Trump.
Congratulations, Chairperson Pai. Thank you for your service and thoughtful, transparent, collegial and judicious service. I wish you wisdom
Congratulations. I hope you see that public interest lies in keeping #netneutrality and fair access to the Internet for all.
There's supposed to be five commissioners, not three, right? Who is too busy to fix that one?
That's right! You have an American Public to fuck over!  We're enjoying net neutrality and you haven't earned your bribe yet! Go to work!
I wish you'd actually say what you mean to someone's face
Congrats and best wishes!  Let's close that digital divide!
Congrats!  
Cheers to another great 5 years working to benefit consumers!
@marceloclaure Masa S and Tim H Are probably excited as well!
There goes #netneutrality.
Bahahahah! Promote public interest. Did Verizon change their name?
Go back to Verizon.
Congratulations!
Then can you still resign? Because that's what you should do. If you still want to save face, that is.
Not good for anyone he is a complete double talker,actions speak louder than words. America Prepare to be nickel and dimed for everything.
FYI public interest is abt 99% the opposite of what Donald says / tweets.
Hahahaha public interest.  How can you say that with a straight face? You sir are an epic shill.
I think @AjitPaiFCC conflates "interests of the public" & "interests of publicly traded incumbents" much of the time.

Lol. I made that meme :)
I call BS on your "[promoting] public interest"
Congratulations, my friend!  Well-deserved confirmation. I & countless others look forward to your continued principled leadership @FCC.
Continuing to promote public interest? Wouldn't you have to start doing that before you can continue it?
You are there worst. I would expect nothing more from @SteveDaines
The public consists of more than Comcast's, Verizon's, and AT&T's CEOs you walking tumor.
No real human being is happy for you. Just Twitter bots. Go cry in your big coffee mug you bum.
Wow... That's sad. I think by "public interest" you mean "self interest" though that's not really accurate. You have @verizon 's interests.
So honestly. Listen to the people of this nation. No one besides big Telecom wants to repeal Title II protections. Listen to the everyday...
Citizens, not the wallets of @verizon or @ATT etc
Wrong country. US ppl don't count, $ do. USA doesn't own internet though, other countries faster, more efficient anyway & will stay neutral.
Remember this when US communications fails a majority of the people and there is praise for only a capitalistic dereg and no other.
Too bad your work ignores public desire to keep net neutrality. Maybe if you listened to American people and not your buds at Verizon
Can you give us just a small break? You care about as much for the public as you care about emptying your bank account of all the bribes.
The only public you care about are publicly-traded Internet Service Providers.
All of these are LEFTY? dang almighty
You mean senate GOP. No one who isn’t beholden to that sweet telecom money wanted you there one day longer. Here is hoping you step down
Congratulations on your second term at FCC!
We look forward to continued 5G leadership from Chairman Pai and his colleagues.
Boy how's that dark hole that used to house a conscience? Cobwebby?
Hahahahahaha! Hey @verizon if we raise enough via GoFundMe will you take your stooge home? It was cute at first but now it's gotten old.
Informed Americans will continue to fight your disinformation. We can't all be bought thru bribes like the way you got into office.
I know it sounds crazy, but he's actually defending freedom. Net Neutrality is a lie and would end badly if allowed to keep going.
There's no more clear example of corporate greed controlling our gov't than Pai. He is a liar with a fake smile and no soul. He's a shill.
Mazel mazel, good things. Littles supporting Littles
You're a fraud, Ajit. No one whose actually informed on the issues supports you at all. #FirePai
Congrats from the @RBRTVBR team, Chairman Pai
congratulations!
Congrats!
Corporate shill..
"Promote public interest"
LIKE FUCKING HELL THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE GOING TO DO. YOU LOOK AND ACT LIKE A TOTAL SOCIOPATH. JUST GET OUT!
To promote public interest, ask the public about their interests. #NetNeutrality means something very different to the public vs. Comcast.
Thank you for your leadership!
Congrats. Please take today to consider actual ISP complaints when making your decisions. We're counting on you to represent ALL interests.
Please retire.
Nooooooo!!!!
I only hope you don’t think of his public-facing efforts as something you plan to avoid. #NetNeutrality is on everyone’s radar, no hiding it
Congratulations!
ok. Now please make it a priority that #FakeNews @cnn must register as democrat super pac.
For serious, guy? Come on.
There’s a framed pic of Tom Wheeler on my living room wall, he will always be regarded as the guy who listened to us when he didn’t have to.
It's too bad that you don't have them actual interests of the public in mind
Looking forward to you making the internet as bad as cable TV! You'll be very popular!
Internet is far more valuable than cable tv though. It's maddening to think he intends to destroy net neutrality.
You meant self-interest, right? Last we checked you only care about your job after this one where you make money as a lobbyist.
Nah, I'm pretty sure he caters to big cable's interests as well :)
Congrats Mr. Chairman!!
funny.. If you were working to defend public interest.. you would ensure Title 2 and strong rules for Net Neutrality. You don't. why lie?
Terrible news for #Netneutrality
You misspelled corporate interests.
