Nominated by a president who won't last a full term & voted in via the "nuclear option." America will never ever forget that he's not legit
So is #MerrickGarland who was severely dishonored by the entire Republican party. Do you have a point to make?
Garland is collateral damage from precedent started by democrats! Thank Sen. Schumer so what is going on now! Not Republicans!
Justice Kennedy was confirmed by both parties in Reagan's last SIX months. Nice try though.
So although it is clear you like to act brilliant and condescending at the same time! Your point is not relevant, you are wrong!
The obstructionism is nothing but a Democrat tantrum
Constitutional Conservatives DO NOT NEGOTIATE w/Democratic temper tantrums! Pithy comment and a command.
Sad to see US Senate on path to dysfunction, where House has been for years. Should've shown Garland respect you are now asking for Gorsuch.
The precedent was set by Senator Schumer! Where was your outrage when he did it?
The Supreme Leader, huh?

Neil Gorsuch Speech at Trump Hotel Raises Ethical Questions https://nyti.ms/2v54GIq 
Illegitimate
White guys love them some white guys in power.
Merrick Garland is the ONLY legitimate choice!

He's illegitimate. Trump committed treason colluding with the Russians in an election tampering scheme. Any Gorsuch decision is invalid.
2 BAD HE DIDN'T WIN IN THE SENATE W/O ILLEGITIMATE @POTUS & @SenateMajLdr DESTROYING OUR DEMOCRACY TO STEAL THE SEAT FROM @MerrickGarland_

Who paid $17 mil to defeat Garland & install #Gorsuch, why did they do it & most important: Why won't he name them? http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/3/30/1648842/-Democrats-demand-answers-from-Gorsuch-on-dark-money-but-Manchin-and-Heitkamp-don-t-care …
@GorsuchFacts @bozchron traitors

How can you support a nominee when the country is hearing jail time for Trumps associates?
I'm willing to bet if Trump would choose Merrick Garland for his next appointee for the court, he would be voted against!
Gorsuch is a plagiarist. #StopGorsuch
Not according to any of the people he supposedly plagiarized. He had full suppt of Dems in prior votes. A grt record by all accts #TrumpHate
Yeah right, just like you are a great Senator! Not!
Gorsuch is a Supreme nominee for big corporations. How many of U Trumpies own large corporations?
Back off this steve. This is complete crap and you know it. Or maybe you don't? Maybe you really are a dipsh*t? Eh dark money daines.
you spelled Merrick Garland wrong
Judge Garland is a supreme nominee to serve our country
He is perfect for this country where we are today and 30 y from now Trump couldn't have picked a better person we all think him so very much
If Gorsuch was a good choice there wouldn't be so much opposition
I really like is what is said here. It isn't even political. He is competent with good merits. He doesn't even like all his decisions made.
So was #MerrickGarland. #mtpol
Sure, serve our country poorly and take us back 100 years.
For the third time, 75% of Montanans VOTED TO OVERTURN CITIZENS UNITED. 3/4 of the voters in the state. #NoGorsuch #StandWithMontanans
Will he serve our country the same way you've served Montana? If so, he will suck as well. You're a hoser and are not welcome in MT.
I don't kno why Rs still use twitter. It's filled w/ L-ist whiners & aholes. You hav 1 + for every 10 - comment. Gorsuch is brilliant!
It's like the comic book section of Barnes and Noble. It's the area you can't take seriously.
He's a corporate shill.
@DonaldJTrumpJr so was garland.
Merrick Garland is a supreme nominee to serve our country.
Amen
How does he feel abt the rest of the Constitution?  1st amend? etc. Are corporations=humans?  These are the crucial questions.
Please check BLACKS LAW DICTIONARY for defination of "PERSON". There's something there you may find offensive but explanatory.
Can you explain why you think it's ok that Garland wasn't even given a hearing. Seriously. In fairness, in truth, really why????
OK to disrespect BHO's nominee cuz it thrills their racist constituency. Thrilled how corps will put $$$ in their pockets 4 Gorsuch vote
Who else would have the courage to say a black guy should freeze to death before leaving his company's cargo behind?
Wow...I see what you did there...YOU made that racial.
You are right. I'm sure it had nothing to do with the decision. Just like it has nothing to do with the voter suppression aimed at blacks.
Although unlikely he would have ruled the same in case is a white, would it be more or less humane? He obviously places profits over life.
#GarlandGoesFirst or it's a #StolenSeat
who should NOT even be a nominee but precedent only apply if it convenient...
You're funny. Like a clown.
A wonderful Family man  For the people Good He is what we need our this county Will continue To bleed , We need to Rid the Bad SEEDs
Learn grammar.
Thanks But  used a hammer
You mean "will serve our corporate master like Koch Bros & Mercers well"... @bozchron
If it's not a pat on the back, you flat out don't acknowledge anything on twitter.  Why is that?
#Gorsuchcanwait until an independent investigation into Trump/Russia ties concludes.  Why won't you address your constituents?
This has been a corporate paid statement by @SteveDaines
Twisted
Only a lobbyist would vote for Dark Money Gorsuch.
Just in: Senate Dems write Gorsuch calling on him to help find out who donated $10m+ backing his nomination - currently secret: 
Garland or walk.
Gorsuch does not represent America but a small minority. Small minority representatives should not be on the Supreme Court.
Providing links to newspaper editorials is no substitute for holding a town hall. #mtpol  #TownhallNow
Another Montanan @SteveDaines ! Should probably listen to him.
#confirmgorsuch #SCOTUS #MAGA
Most Montana voters do not think corporations should have constitutional personhood. Gorsuch does.  It in line with Montana voters.
Yes he is so please please DO NOT GIVE IN TO DEMS! Stick to this judge or we are doomed!!
You're in Jersey. Of course you're doomed.
I hope we never find out.
As is #MerrickGarland when's his hearing again?? #FilibusterGorsuch
"disenfranchised". You sound like a holdover Sanders supporter. No? That was the Hillary/DNC machines intent. No one else's.
Huh? What was their intent? I'm not a holdover from anything just don't really enjoy watching the dismantling of our democracy by a puppet
@DonaldJTrumpJr @bozchron Very qualified! 
New York.
He might serve you but not women or the most vulnerable.
Give examples of how President Trump will not serve women and vulnerable
