Just being a mouthpiece huh?
Did you swear to uphold the constitution or the protection of a symbol? If u are willing to sacrifice the 1st amendment, how about the 2nd?
Your fake patriotic dribble would be better if wasn't so obvious sycophantic nod to angry orange at WH. U both need to learn Constitution!
This might put things in perspective for you. #BendAKnee
No, Americans actually gave their lives for our Constitution, which protects a person's right to kneel during the national anthem
1943 Supreme Court said those Americans gave their lives to protect the freedoms guaranteed by the constitution they swore to protect.

It is not about the flag, it is just a piece of fabric. It is about what the flag represents. #takeaknee
We live in a free country. People can stand or kneel or sleep. Stop with your Machiavellian political correctness.
The question is why are these men taking a knee & what can be done to help ALL Americans feel included in "liberty & justice for all!!"
If you are talking about veterans, they take an oath to defend the Constitution, not a flag or a song.
Take a knee there champ, you seem triggered. #mtpol
You just don't get it.  It's not about the flag, but how convenient for you to frame it as such.
My father was military officer. I was a Peace Corps volunteer. I love my country. But these days I sometimes take a knee in tears.
VOTE NO on GrahamCassidyHeller blah blah TRUMPCARE plan! NO! We want #medicareforall so ALL citizens can get care. Work 4 us, not ur donors!
The flag is fabric. It's the people and the ideals that matter. Do your job. Let the NFL do theirs.
Please unattach your lips from 45
Wanna regulate other amendments as well? As for amendments, can I exercise my 2A and bring my gun to your next town hall?Oh, that's right...
I did not meet so-called "PROCUREMENT MEDICAL FITNESS STANDARDS: THEREFORE, I WOULD NOT HAVE BEEN ABLE TO SERVE & I WOULD HAVE GONE NAVY.
Steve doesn't represent us.  He represents Steve.  I'm guessing he's angling for a cabinet appointment.  He gives no shits for MT.
1 of the things the flag represents is the freedom to exercise 1st amendmt rights - whether or not U agree with 'em. R U really that stupid?
hey Junior, Antonin Scalia famously stated that flag burning was a protected form of free speech under the Constitution, #TakeAKnee  #mtpol
It isn't about the flag, it's about the 1st Amendment!
I would be more concerned about the fires then some silent peaceful lawful protest.  My husband served in the NAVY to protect all Freedoms
No, Steve. They gave their lives for freedom. Period. Not some symbol that is now being used to oppress that freedom.
They gave their lives defending the constitution & the country & rights the flag represents. For instance, free speech.
Come back to your old high school, sit in with my AP Government class. My students will teach you all about the 1st Amendment.
Alright bro, but you lost the talking point of calling out "millennials" on liking the first amendment until you say something disagreeable.
The flag IS worthy of respect. So is the first amendment. 

You're proposed amendment was in June. Anything happened since?
Yes but I'm sure those people did what they did for the people. And not for the $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ which makes you a huge hypocrite.
Panderer.  You'd shit on Yellowstone to save a #flag.
The flag may be worthy of respect, but I'm still not too sure about you.
This is how Trump really feels when he isn't trying to win votes

You are so weak. You just defend Trump at any cost. I ask myself, “why?” Why are you beholden to him?  
Oh good, lord.  This is a non-issue.  How about our health care?
We have respect in inverse proportion to people like you shoving it down our throat.
And you will be taking Americans’ lives if you repeal the ACA.
I’m pretty sure veterans fought for America & democracy founded on US Constitution. #SCOTUS has ruled on flag desecration. Distraction.
The industrial Era is dead and Republicans are going with it. 18-30 year olds all voted Blue minus one state. Your party is fooked.
When we are done Exxon won't get tax money through subsidies. They have lied about climate change and it's old technology.
Being an American means standing up for what's right For The People!!! Not Tillerson and exxon. Not Haliburton. Not shell. Bp.
Going to war for that flag today means you kill people for oil. No country has bombed us since Japan did. Wake up.
Republicans are committing political suicide standing by him. How are white supremacists good people but kneeling makes you son of bitches?
Welcome to the new era. Trump started a war against race and you will lose.
They gave their lives for a piece of fabric or maybe 4 the rights it represents, like the 1st amendment? You and your phony fake patriotism
So standing automatically equals respect? What about all the players holding their collars and playing with their mouth guards? 
It's still 1988 inside your tiny little mind isn't it Steve?
You sir, have not business serving in the US Senate...your lack of a basic understanding of what the US stands for is clearly evident!
Yes, gave lives so we wouldn't be living in a totalitarian state where you are punished for not saluting the flag or leaders.
Americans, including Montanans will die under the American flag if you do not protect healthcare as a basic human right!
Respect for our country means respect for all our citizens. Disrespect for our citizens is disrespect for our flag not kneeling for a song
Instead of your constant photo ops, perhaps you should take a crash course on the 1st Amendment as you have lots to learn junior senator...
This has been decided by the First Amendment and the Supreme Court. Please focus on the real challenges Montana and the USA face.
You know what's respectful about taking a knee during the national anthem? Everything. #takeaknee honor freedoms protected in constitution
so, you are defending Trump encouraging a private company to fire an employee  because of a political stance?  sad!
I thought republicans didn’t like political correctness.
True but its called FREEDOM Mr. Daines. Quit playing political games and do your job for once.
No, sir. They gave their lives for what the flag stood for.
