NRA just wants to sell guns. They are greedy and you fall for their b.s.
NRA doesn't sell guns, nor lobby for manufacturers. @NSSF does that. #Learn
Sell= wrong word....They pump for gun pushers.
Yeah, no. We promote and protect #2A rights. @NSSF is the industry lobby. Pimp is that guy who collects from your tricks.
Yep...Cause your dad can't get no satisfaction at home.
Montanans' care about healthcare, access to public lands and education too No one is "taking" our guns but they sure are coming for the rest
Oh come on healthcare isn't a right education is over rated by the teachers union. Get with the program. Guncontrol = people control.
Judging by your response, education is overrated.
Yes it is the teachers scream for higher raises and kids come out of schools dumber and more gullerible to suck up the lefts BS. # Berkeley
What would you have the teachers do?  Stop teaching kids to think for themselves? Sounds like you need a moderate media source.
I worked in the Ed system for 15 yrs and I saw it first-hand.  I can't agree with what I saw and what it produced.
I too have been working in the Ed system for 15yrs.  Do we fix it, just let corps turn kids into zombies button pushers, or what?
It's funny we didn't have these problems in the past maybe we should be go back there and get Government out of the Education business.
NRA endorsement means nothing. Many of us lifetime hunters and gun owners reject the NRA b/c of opposition to all legislation re: guns.
The 2nd has nothing to do with hunting, Elmer.
Does it have anything to do with gun ownership, Rufus?
Absolutely, thankfully the NRAs mindset has changed since the 80s, otherwise Fudds like yourself would have allowed more restrictions.
Gun owners like me are sick of shootings that occur largely so Daffys like you can fancy yourselves ready for the imaginary invading hordes.
Blaming inanimate objects tells me all I need to know about your thought process. Good day.
And good day to you, sir, as well. Remember, guns don't kill people; people with guns kill people.
@nra Has become the conservitive elite pulpit. Their recommendation doesn't mean anything anymore to real MT.
Gianforte is NOT A rated, he is Aq.  Too bad @NRA won't rate 3rd party candidates. @Wicksforfreedom Mark Wicks would be a legitimate A.
Come on #BIGSKY MONTANA. VOTE GREG FOR SENATE.
The NRA has become little more than a money-making fear factory for many years. Their endorsement means nothing to anyone paying attention.
Funny, so do most Washingtonians but you would never know it by the libtards that rule  the state from Seattle/Olympia.
Nonsense.
Love Montana!  There is not any place in Montana I don't like!!!

#DonaldTrumpJr 
#GregGianforte u should have killed each otherthe world be a much better place!!
Story: http://nym.ag/2pWIAq2  
@DonaldJTrumpJr @NRA @GregForMontana @RobQuistforMT They also care about the public land Trump is looking to sell off to Russia
The majority of Americans care deeply about the 2nd Amendment.
GREG needs to do more to win than merely smear Rob Quist on TV Ads.. He needs to EARN MONTANA'S VOTE.
GUN TOTING SMALL DICKED POS KILLING ANIMALS ON EARTH DAY
Obviously Betsy-I-am-ignorant-and-unqualified-but-I'm-stinking-rich graded this exam. In your King's words:  Fail.
How about if we PAY for the WALL with the FOUR BILLION ILLEGALS STEAL Filing False Tax Returns. Lets do it !!!
I agree
How can you be anti gun and live in Montana???????????

Well that would be great if they were real grades but it's just the NRA pushing its own agenda. No one is taking your guns
Back to your stump Jr!
The NRA does not represent this gun owner. In Montana we all have guns. republican, democrat, independent. What the NRA says is not relevant
Show me any proof Rob Quist is against 2nd amendment rights. I'm getting so sick of this argument against anyone whose not republican. Sad!
He's been quoted that guns should be registered, like cars. It was in a Billings, Missoula or Bozeman paper. I forget which...
NRA buying another elected official.
How much are you getting paid, Senator, by @GregForMontana to sell us out to a millionaire who cannot relate to any real Montanans?
I would guess at least $4000 or more
So glad voters in Montana are not buying all your crap and they're looking forward to voting in 2018!
Goooooo republicans!!! Hit em.  Bash the libtards
NRA is all about money.  No thanks to their endorsement.
Did you in fact shoot prairie dogs, @DonaldJTrumpJr ?
TeetsieFlies hv bigger brains thn DTjr! He gets bored counting daddies $ needs bloodshed 2B entrtnd! Kids, prairie dogs all the same 2 him!
They also care about their prairie dogs
The GOA used to have a better political rating system because they looked at the policies and histories of candidates.
Let me explained something. The NRA does not speak for Montana's voters..enough said!
Do you really believe anyone would believe someone from New Jersey has more respect for guns than a native Montanan?
In this case, it happens to be true. I'll take the guy from NJ over debbie from Sonora CA any time.
If thats the case then Repeal the NFA and Hughes Amendment!
Quit siding with the extreme right wing and support ALL the people of Montana.
Your side lost he election and tester will lose at midterms. Deal with it. Your liberal ideology has been soundly rejected.
I suppose you would sidle up to some of the most aggressive, undereducated, corrupt groups in the country while hiding from real Montanas.
enough said.  time for the junior senator from montana to get primaried.  we are so done with you.
with further thought, its time to take away the twitter account from this staffer. we dont talk to each other in MT with this disrespect
You're a liar. The NRA is okay w kindergarteners murdered in a classroom if it means more $/lobbying power for the NRA. Enough said.
Ah yes.  An NRA grading system is bound to be rational, reasonable, and well-thought-out.  Where do I buy stock in that?
https://joinnra.nra.org/join/join.aspx 

You're welcome.
Quit your fear mongling. If this is all you can do then please resign
"Enough said". Your ignorance and lack of reason is quite impressive. You're an embarrassment to my state.
League of Conservation Voters scores you 3% on environmental and conservation issues. Enough said. U r Tea Party stooge, toeing party line.
NRA is nothing but a shameless lobbyist for the gun industry. I would be ashamed to be a member. If that goes against "MT values" so be it.
You've been suckered by fake news and radicalized by left wing propaganda. That's sad.
Tells me one is ok with children being murdered at school. Oh wait, the Alex Jones party believes it to be a hoax.
What an inarticulate tweet. Of course we care about freedom and good public EDUCATION. There is more to life tan guns  stop pushing fear !!!
So, @RobQuistforMT is a fan of common sense reforms & @GregForMontana wants to make sure Gun corporations can sell weapons to gangs?
You have @gregformontana confused with @BarackObama and his BATFE (project gunrunner)
The problem is that @NRA slanders anyone who isn't a gun nut.  Doesn't mean jack, Senator.
However some of us care about more than what the NRA has to say. You should pay more attention to that. #enoughsaid
