was literally told what to say to Warren. You're like a 3yo bragging about making cookies all by himself #mtpol
the level of cognitive dissonance is stunning. Cannot wait to vote you out in 2020.
you shame Montana and Americans in general.  Disgusting behavior and unworthy of your position.  #shame
silencing debate is disrespectful and uncivil. #letlizspeak #Neverthelessshepersisted
what an embarrassment to Montanans
IS THIS TWEET IN REGARDS TO "LOCK HER UP"? LOL, THAT WAS KINDA FUNNY, BUT YEAH 
'WE" NEED TO RESPECT THE CHAMBER
Debate is such a huge component of decision making Why would u support & applaud this injustice to the process
Sir, is it civil to silence a WOMAN from reading Kings letter, then ALLOW 3 MEN to read the same? We'll remember
More power to Democrats. Hope they obstruct everything GOP does. GOP is a danger to our democracy.
Hope they teach you that civility & respect require meeting with your constituents and not selling out to $.
civility in senate includes respect for dissent. allowed others to read same letter but not woman. Incivility.
safe in your bubble ?
#SitDownDaines
What would u know about either of these topics.  You are nothing but a GOP lapdog..gone in 2020!
Congress being the oppsite of Progress means they are opposed to civility, respect and cooperation to #MAGA!
It is your duty to fully vet a cabinet pick even if the top US cop might get his feelings hurt.  Snowflake!
discuss the #sexism that is still prevalent in the United States AND in our government. Shame on you.
that's a joke. You wouldn't know the first thing about civility and respect. #boughtfor46800
Please discuss why men were allowed to read Mrs. Kings letter. But you invoked Rule 19 when @SenWarren did.
set them straight don't let the liars (Dems) have their way
So embarrassing to see our elected officials going after each other like junk yard dogs.
Not letting someone speak, and using power to thwart that speech is an injustice.
Also wondering how you justify Devos vote? Is it really just $?
you can keep bragging about what you did until the next election.  Then you can be unemployed
Civility and respect ??? We have lost that more than 8years ago and that is what is causing the problems USA
BUY, BUY Steve Daines!
oh, good! fox and friends! sure to get some hard hitting questions there! no, you sit down!
good luck
You guys don't remember the level of obstruction the past 6 years? Hypocrisy! Shameful behavior Daines.
Hey there big man way to stand up and selectively enforce a rule, only when it suits your party.
Civility is not interrupting someone who actually represents the people.  You're scum!
You represent corporate America, you don't represent the people.
you voted for a racist who will now dismantle women's rights & civil rights, you should recognize your role & be ashamed
Hey Steve, I remember growing up in our neighborhood w/ you - I didn't think your folks raised a bully
.@SteveDaines @foxandfriends Right....you are going to talk about civility and respect. That's a good one. http://bit.ly/2lseAPN  #mtpol
Civility is not humiliating a woman in front of her peers.  That's what you did to Warren.  Apologize!
when will you talk about selling out your constituents?
See if they'll hire you in 3 years. They're always looking for partisan pundits.  #2020mtsenaterace #sellout
Good, maybe you'll learn something about that.  #ShePersisted

You really should bring up Mental Capability, also! #pelosi#waters
Good for you Senator, uphill battle on the hill.
not calling a racist what he is? That kind of civility? Let you entitled bastards escape criticism? Think again
maybe you should skip it and read some of the mail we've been sending instead. #lapdog #partybeforepeople
AG is a position that puts all people first, now we know what kind of people you would like to put first #racist
don't forget to air your views that women should be seen and not heard
boom! 
You mean bros before hos attitude... right?
I don't think those words mean what you think they mean
oh little stevey d.....so confused you are.  i feel bad for you lil guy
Four Male senators read the same letter on the Senate floor since Warren's rebuke, and were not interrupted. Civility???
#WhyIResist #dumpdaines2020 . Montana will not forget. We can't be bought but apparently you can
Interesting remark, from the party who uses the Black Block thugs to stifle freedom of speech.
and Fox is not a friend, pick a real news outlet.
if the Senate doesn't stop acting like they are, the left will not stop either.
I just wish the footage showed her stomping her feet as she walked back to her seat 
