How about we join with the Democrats and tweak the ACA (and insist on its enforcement, not its underminng) until then?  What Montanans want.
…if you a) actually understand what you're voting on and b) determine that it is good for the country. Seems GOP has forgotten these basics?
You need to kill this bill and seek bipartisan cooperation on ACA. I agree that we will all remember this come 2020. Stand up for us
You plan to stay in session until Democrats get elected? You do realize Healthcare just isn't going to happen with the GOP in charge right?
Not the rino bill! Keep your promise! #RepealOamacareEntirely! Free market! #UnitedForFreedom!
#FullRepeal #NoReplacement #FreeMarket  #UnitedForFreedom
TOTALLY AGREE, AND WHILE YOU'RE AT IT,  STAY PUT UNTIL YOU PASS A TAX BILL TOO, THANK YOU.
Trump admin is using fake #
saying people can be moved from Medicaid to Cruz plans without harm. Via @WSJ:
Even if it's a tragedy for thousands of Montanans including children. Weren't you undecided? #howwasdinner
Making sure 1000s of Montanans lose #healthcare & deductibles go up is a strange way of saying #ResultsDriven.
If you’re having a hard time passing something:
1. Drink lots of water
2. With lemon
3. Limit salt
4. Limit soda
Make sure it's one that doesn't screw over average Americans. You know, like the GOP healthcare "plan."
Ok, call me when you get back.
I would agree if you had a bipartisan bill worth passing. But you don't, and I don't.
Thank you for your hard work for Montanans.
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/888086303568535552 …
End insurance subsidies! They empower massive corporate giants not patients. Government, lower prices, my eye. #FullRepeal #unitedforfreedom
Bahaha, we already have one Steve-O, and in case you've not paid attention lately, people like it--that's why you can't get votes to repeal!
It is time. Let oblamer care die. No replacement. #KeepThePromise #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
NO. This will hurt montana and you don't seem to care
Just Repeal ACA with a two year allowance to replace it, if the ACA can stay afloat that long. Which I highly doubt. Planned Obsolescence!
So you do not support repeal now replace later. Good to finally know your position on something related to healthcare
If you're looking for a straight down the line GOP voter, @stevedaines is your guy.  He DOES NOT REPRESENT MONTANA.  Not even from here.
Ya, stay in session so you can get that tax cut for the wealthy! That's what this bill is really about. #DainesCare
.@SteveDaines Please be sure that you do not deprive thousands of Montanans of their health care. Don't penalize us for loyalty to the GOP.
Fix health care, don't remove it. Health care is an essential right, and your job is to make sure to preserve and improve it. Do your job.
Dear sir, it takes little to no effort to lay waste to something precious, considerably longer to rebuild it. Please share a dialogue w/us!
You just don't want to come back to #MT.  You want to stay in DC with your donors. Chicken.
Thank you for being a man.  Repeal it let private businesses compete.
No matter what you do, it's something - @SteveDaines , MT's unaccomplished, uninspired, uninspiring jr senator.
What u really need to do is pull ur nose out of @SenateMajLdr & @realDonaldTrump 's butts and join the rest of us in the real world. #MTpol
You need to get up and walk away from that table. Now, please! -thank you
bull shit. if you wanted a healthcare bill you wouldn't be putting millions out of coverage. you want tax cuts. you're #DonorDriven
Stay in session until you pass a bill? Anything you put out turns out to be a huge tax cut and millions lose insurance #notworking #NoRepeal
Find a bipartisan solution that will increase the number of people on health insurance and lower premiums.
For example: not the BCRA
Afraid to come home & meet your constituents?  Time for Medicare for all!
Please also consider applying pressure to your colleague to finally get his fingerprints and mug shots taken care of.
Taiwan pays 6%of GDP for healthcare; US 17%GDP. Taiwan covers everyone! W/ longer life expectancy and lower infant mortality. #mtpol #VoteNo
Heard u support repeal. So u went to D.C. to hurt Americans rather than help them. Your name will go down in infamy, deservedly so.
Quit being a trump clone and represent Montana!
#ResultsDriven? How about trying cooperation and compromise - two premises upon which our nation was founded. Disappointed.
Do not repeal this law.  As stated fix and let's move forward. Trump has stated he is washing his hands of the ACA but he cannot.
There you are!  Thought you died. But I see you're just in favor of others dying without adequate healthcare. That's my boy!
You need to do what's best for your constituents, the people whom you work FOR. #SaveACA #NoRepeal
Disgusted that your stipulation for cutting Medicaid is defunding PP. How many Montanans do you plan to make suffer? #MedicareForAll
Photo shows your priority, trappings of the WDC elite; not working for Montanans. We are at the mercy of a shill for an idiotic admin.
Absolutely right, and stop illegal immigration.
I and those I care for could not afford Obamacare, cost prohibitive
Fix it please
Yes you do! Repeal Ocare entirely!
Interesting that you'll take a position now that no leg pending.  You've had 7+ yrs to come up with something. Hands off ACA
PS vote for the budget, so you show how shallow your 5th Gen is! As in GOP Party before the Montanan People, good luck getting elected then!
you had 8 years to come up with a plan
Your care & concern are BS I didn't get your office to 1 phone call, I'm terminally ill & you want to repeal that hurts Montanans, GAME ON!
Government health care is good for you and your colleagues like John McCain but not regular people pull your head out and support people
Why? If you haven't noticed it's not very popular to get rid of people's healthcare. Hope you enjoyed your steak dinner with DJT.
Yes, but we wan't an actual healthcare bill- not one that just takes away coverage, and gives tax breaks to rich. We demand better.
@SteveDaines too bad you don't have the courage to do what is right for our healthcare.   You have healthcare so should the rest of mt's
You've no interest in a "healthcare" bill. You're supporting a "take away healthcare from millions & give a tax break to the wealthy" bill.
I repeat no one I know including myself could afford it, it was cost prohibitive
You claim that you want to stay for healthcare. I bet the truth is you want to stay away from your constituents as long as possible.Coward.
Couldn't have said it better!
How long will you keep your head buried in sand? By the way, the leash Mitch has around your neck is showing.
What you need to do is take the time and do it right with committee testimony, amendments and input from all.
Hey yo @GOP! You know who know a lot about healthcare? It's @HillaryClinton, maybe you guys should call her, or invite some Ds over? #mtpol
You must be up for reelection, only time you do anything. Will not vote for a republican again. Liars
Enjoy the DC heatwave!
The less time you are in DC the less harm you can cause.
I wonder what kind of Kompromat the Russians gave Trump on you.  You've been slavishly supporting Putin's Puppet lately. Why?
Do we? You aren't talking about healthcare unless it is Medicare for All. #mtpol #VoteNo
Thanks Cameron, keep fighting the good fight, I'm with you in spirit (not because Steve's killed me yet just too far away) #enoughsaid
You're out of the loop.  A replacement is off the table.  You seem bent on repeal-only now.  Total leadership vacuum there.  Pathetic.
The first 16 replies are against Trumpcare/repeal. Where are all the folks you spoke to who agree w you?
Repeal the disastrous Obamacare. Enact portability, selling insurance across state lines, and establish Health Saving Accounts. No singlepay
Looks like you'll be in session for a while...you and the @GOP are inept and yellow bellied. #spinelessSteve #mtpol
Face it, Steve...the only thing you're good at passing...is gas...
Good one. Mr Nothingburger
An effective, a YUGE, a beautiful healthcare bill? Where are you on this topic? Just against ACA or do you have ideas? Work across the aisle
No, come home and listen to your flipping constituents.
Well you can keep that garbage bill the senate was working on. And also feel free to keep "working" in DC, thats your home anyway.
Keep up the good work Steve.  By the way did you campaign on taking away people's health coverage?
I find it a little disturbing that MT voters have to hound you on Twitter and call your office every day to beg you not to kill people.
It won't kill anyone.
Do not repeal the ACA. Fix it! Vote in your constituents' interests for a change. We'll remember this in 2020.
Or you could let us keep our healthcare, not take it away and endanger our lives & finances! Do not repeal the ACA. No ACHA/BCRA!
Everyone I care about could not buy it because it was cost prohibitive, please don't generalize.
@SteveDaines No, you need to get home and listen to your constituents who don't want repeal.  Work with dems to fix the existing ACA!  #ACA
Any of the GOP healthcare bills would be a disaster for the people of Montana. Please remember who you represent!
Daines only cares about his friends Trump and McConnell, not Montanans.
You've had years yet you've done nothing. Your staff should be ashamed of themselves.
When do you start to represent all the citizens of our great state instead of the president?
He represents many people in this state,  you have tester.
Vote No on any version of Trumpcare!  We want single payer #MedicareForAll . Stop being a puppet & serve us! Vote to keep #NetNeutrality too
Might want to try single payer.
