Your cabinet picks are incompetent and corrupt. GOP should grow a backbone not tell women to shut up.
You mean like Congress refusing to meet with a qualified SCOTUS candidate they had previously endorsed?
Wow Republicans run biggest obstruction in the history of the Senate for 8 years and now howl of Dems doing tiny bit
yes, historic obstruction that stole a Supreme Court seat from Obama!
I think Tea Party and GOP owns title for #historicobstruction
1 by 1 you will all be voted out of office
ur joking right?
Historic?  Didn't y'all just block any consideration of a supreme court justice nomination for a year?
Shut down anybody who disagrees! "America FIRST!" Right? "Mexicans go home," right? Right?
Agreed!!  You are blocking an investigation into Trump's links with Russia. #HistoricObstruction.
I think it's important to recognize the #lies and #corruption in the GOP
We have never had appointees so skewed to the wealthiest & there is concern many have put Profit before Values.
Historic obstruction by Republicans for 8 yrs!  Even when it hurt their own voters.
my fondest wish for you and your family is to 'take a seat' in another country.
SHUT UP!
do u believe the crap u say? Merrill Garland ring a bell? I are all crooks
Donating $$ to dump Daines in 2018. No place for misogynistic obstructing liars in the Senate.
You followed McConnell's orders & only hv courage to defend & say such hypocritical "alternative facts" on FauxNuze.
@CNNPolitics The #HistoricObstruction began in 2008! Why didn't @GOP take a step back & look at it then?
Who's the bimbo whispering what to say to Elizabeth Warren? Coretta S. King?
Merrick Garland
I think it is important to step back and plan on who we are going have replace you
as opposed to all the obstruction and tomfoolery you guys did during the Obama administration. You are hypocrites
yes- it started with the GOP refusing to look at Merrick Garland-
Somebody has to start standing up to The Nazi-in-Chief. Is there no true Patriot among you?
really? Historic? What do you call the last 8 years?
Who was the bimbo reading your lines? Couldn't figure out what to say to Elizabeth Warren yourself?
@GOP If you are not LYING, then you're delusional. I either case, your unfit for your jobs. All of you.
LIARS! We've watched you for 8 years. You and @SenateMajLdr PROMISED obstruction from the very start and did it!
FYI: Pres Washington only had 4 Cabinet members - first not even nom until Sept, confirmed same day.
You ought to do something about your president calling EW Pocahontas.  Disrespectful and you let it continue
Historic obstruction accomplished during the last six year you mean?
Really?  Do you remember Garland?
The HISTORIC obstruction is what went on for the past 6 years! MO
"Daines hurried thru the airport, flashing a smile and refusing to talk to constituents."  COWARD!!!
this coming from the assholes that blocked Garland.  History will remember you people as scoundrels.
Agree that Senate Republicans have been great obstructionists and deserve shame for doing nothing!  NOTHING!
By all means Steve, let's talk Obstructionism: http://washingtonmonthly.com/2015/02/01/a-walk-down-memory-lane-on-republican-obstruction/ …
historic obstruction? You mean like for the 8 years prior? Shoe's on the other foot now #YouWorkForUs #VoteYouOut
Hypocrite. Your shameless manipulation of fans is staggering. The lack of respect u have 4 them is pathetic. Fraud
really obstruction? 8 years of republican obstruction and not doing YOUR JOB! You can talk? NO!!!
if you feel gov't run health-care is socialism, why not refund the montana taxpayers for your free health care?
why do you get free health care for being an elected official and the rest of us don't?
Does Rule 19 apply to you #SCPOTUS? Because he has impugned upon a few senators. #ImpeachDonaldTrumpNow
More important to step back and look at #deathofdemocracy in America due to Republicans.
it's not obstruction but party leaders standing for and with the ppl.
Dems learned from the best-YOU!! over the past 8 years. So move on you whiners!!!
"I think it's important to step back and look at the #HistoricHypocrisy going on in the United States Senate." - Me
nothing but hypocrisy from you guys. Voters are watching.
Republicans wrote the book on obstruction, and Hitler loved dogs! 
I agree. For example you telling a female to sit down and shut up. #TownHall
Worst cabinet picks in history - most fought against agencies they will head. Voters are furious.
STOP THE BULLSHIT  WE NEED IMPEACHMENT HEARINGS NOW
Ever heard of democracy? Perhaps a little cheese with your whine.
Well, I guess he can't find enough rich white guys to appoint. Boo hoo.
Yes, demoralizing. Tears Schumer needs a time out. Out of the Senate.
The United States of America; we are not UNITED !!!
And you never obstructed Obama??? LIARS. #StopPresidentBannon #Hypocrites
 check google to see how long it took for #44 to have a full cabinet. @CNNPolitics take a look at this twitter !
#Liar http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-38913709?SThisFB … #TrumpMakesAmericaWeak #ImpeachTrump
You're kidding with this, right? Good lord, you are shameless with your disdain for honesty.
@EssmannJeff @SteveDaines  You & Jeff both have majorities in both chambers for a reason!  Seize the moment, and their gonads!!
Hilarious considering the REPUBLICAN obstruction in Congress for the past 8 years
Does the name Merrick Garland ring any bells for you? Short damned memories of your 8 year obstruction  of @POTUS44
As well as racists, bigots, environmental 
destroyers, women haters, and on and on and on.
Super rich people with no experience just doesn't cut it.
It would be a lot easier and faster IF there had been decent nominees.
If I had such crap to choose from 
I'd drag my tail too. Actually I credit  @SenateDems  - nominees are horrendous!
You got Supreme judge you want, now are backstabbing us on #Obamacare...YOU'VE HAD 8 YEARS YOU LIARS! YOU LAWYERS!
you have got to be kidding us
Historic for Democrats because they've never done it before. Republicans set record for millennium last session.
false! You are a coward! Should we talk about obstruction of the last 8 years?
@SteveDaine I think it's important to look at corrupt GOP and how they are polluting government with unfit/unqualified cabinet
Where have you been for the last 8 years? I say you set the bar for obstruction. We haven't forgotten! #Hypocrits
NOT historic obstruction. You did it for the last 8 years to President Obama, a legitimate leader w no Russian help
The Lying Network Reports on the Lying GOP supporting the Lying POTUS
Are you referring to 2010-2016 because you kids sure did a great job of doing nothing. #merrickgarland
it's not #HistoricObstruction, it is #historicincompetence by Trump and transition team!
blame Mitch.
#HistoricObstruction Hahaha. That's funny. How act with @POTUS44 and his nominees. #stealingGOP #SwampCabinet #lies
I agree. @gop is pulling some shady stuff these days to obstruct the constitution and general human decency.

Do you remember that dinner where u plotted to kill all Obama policies?  Like that?
yes the pass eight years
Did you old white guys have amnesia for the last 8 years? #plasticsteve
did you all get the memory eraser from Men in Black?
Yeah, just have to look back at the past 6 years.
This obstruction needs to stop the Republicans need to find out what they can do and stop it.
@mmflint Historic obstruction? You GOPers have a memory problem. How long did your fellows refuse to see Garland
8 months of obstruction on Merrick Garland will not go unremembered. Enjoy your office while you have it.
Tell us about Merrick Garland, Steve.
And wouldn't that also be the missing Supreme Court Judge for ONE YEAR now!!! That's  not obstruction
Historic obstruction? No, wait. Wouldn't that be McConnels push to fight Obama on everything from day one!
pot calling the kettle black
Nominating unqualified people requiring confirmation on party lines.  #partybeforepeople
I watched Senator Daines flee the Montanans who wanted to talk to him at Gallatin Field today. Shameful.
Who are you trying to convince, Steve?  Us?  Or yourself?  Where were you the last 8 years?
does historical obstruction mean the obstruction of @gop in last presidency?
two words "Mitch McConnell" don't do as I do, do as I tell you! That doesn't work for us. We are watching
Ashamed of this party now. Petty, lying, cheating. Not American or Christian. Where's your integrity?
Are you referring to the present or the previous eight years?
time to start having a strategy to end liberal oppression. It's really getting old.
Really?! Historic obstruction? Do you people even remember Garland? Enough of the "I'm the victim" bull. #hypocrite
look no further than  McConnell
When you're heading in the wrong direction, which you are, it's a good idea to slow down.
Democrats across America have seen obstruction. We've watched for 8 years. Even the Republican voters know you did.
It should be STOPPED! @VP is their boss! There must be some rules to simmer things down! Need to work with@POTUS!
By their obstructionism, they are delineating the swamp boundaries for a reasonably full flush.
Wait, after 8 years of Republican obstructionism, a Republican said that with a straight face?
#Hypocrisy
Now you know what it feels like.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr you have been obstructing for the past 8 yrs! Now all of a sudden your sensitive to it?
wrong! George Washington's cabinet had four memebers.
it has been going on for years.  Both parties!
I am a conservative and I will obstruct you every way that I can.
what are you talking about? Hypocrites #notmyrepublicanparty
how about the historic interference by Russia and the historic conflicts of interest? No? Not important?
what was the last 8 years? Obstruction at its finest.  Or did you forget?
Pretty hypocritical
using propaganda news to spew what you started and spinning it? ridiculous!
You have activists running the government. Shameful
Damn you admitted the last 8 years you employed historic obstruction
What happens when true emergency comes up & some unbriefed liberal crt prevents @realDonaldTrump from protecting us?
have you forgotten about his the GOP obstructed Obama supreme Court pick. Senator Daines you need to resign
#mentalillness
. Holy Jehosipher, you dislike obstruction? You the inventor of it? Boomerang is coming back
.@SenateGOP @SteveDaines Love how the you whine and play victim when It's your turn to face the tactics YOU pioneered. @GOPsnowflakes
this obstruction by the Democrats is totally disgusting. Their actions are not in the best interest of this country.
seriously?  How many times did you guys "shut down" our federal government?
Seems GOP wrote the book on obstructionism. I watched what was my party do this for the last 8 years. Get real!
Holy - hypocritical- shit!!! You guys are unbelievable!!
your hypocrisy on this issue never ceases to amaze me.. who blocked a SCOTUS nomination for 8 months? You slimy sobs
If you can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen
Alternative facts, not surprised tho. Read a book.
What obstruction? All appointments have been confirmed. I do recall on party ignoring a SCOTUS nominee though...
OMG, you obstructed for almost a year! #hypocrite!
Is it more historic than the GOP'S 8 years of do-nothing obstruction?
Like the refusal to consider the nomination of Garland.
It's so much different than the last 8 years. Party hypocrisy!
decent appointees who were qualified for the job and vetted properly would NOT be a problem.
“fewest confirmed cabinet positions since washington”—might have something to do with nominating unqualified people?
says you whose obstruction shut down govt during obamas admin, and refused to appoint his supreme court nominee. Smh
oh you're taking responsibility for all the @GOP obstruction of Obama? Good for you!
disgraceful IT MUST BE GOOD TO BE A DEMOCRAT LOL PITYFUL
I believe its important to step back and clearly see the votes fall on political lines and not for "the people"
Is this a hilarious joke?? It must be.
SorosDems & SorosRINOs must be held accountable. @Dollfinish @SteveDaines
and this is because they are mostly unqualified swamp monsters
funny, I think it's more important to look back on NAZI Germany.
I'll be tweeting this to you every day:

MERRICK GARLAND.
Historic Obstruction?  LOL!  Are you guys serious?  What do you call the last 6 years??????
what a bunch of hypocrites!! #GOP made a career of obstructionism!  Garland! And they repeatedly lied.
You are the biggest hypocrite there is. It's pathetic. #VoteThemOut
either you really believe this, or you have no qualms about lying to people.  Neither speaks well of your integrity.
YOU have no SHAME!! Wanna talk historic obstruction-like when Obamacare came thru ur desk-u are the real TERRORISTS!
Fox purposefully misinforms, @SenateGOP .@SteveDaines @FoxNews Makes You Less Informed Than Watching No News At All
Stop the BS you have sold your allegiance to the flag and The USA. You gave *45 a racist corrupt cabinet.
Exam the Obstruction you provided the last administration. McConnell vowed to make it a one term administration.
it's almost like they feel like someone stole a SCOTUS seat
REPUBLICANS wrote the book on OBSTRUCTION. They did everything in their power over the last 6 years against Obama.
and this is because of what? GOP and DEM Senate backing.  Just wait elections are in 2018 we the people speak
dating back to 2008 or what?
Perhaps this #HistoricObstruction is a result of your incompetency and the cab picks being historically unqualified
lol historic? How is it worse then the 8 Years of Obama and the gop
okay calm down snowflakes
