He is fair and level-headed as some, not hyperventilating as CNN and those who fall prey to question framing and directional questions.
MCCONNELL AND PAUL RYAN AND REPUBLICANS ARE SILENT AND ARE GOING TO OBSTRUCT THIS INVESTIGATION. THEY ARE SIDING WITH PARTY OVER COUNTRY!!!
The only bright spot on this train wreck presidency will be the volume of books that come out of it which r sure to be selatious reading
@SenatorLankford I hope you mean that! & I hope you do everything to get to the bottom of what's really going on. FAST.
As an constituent Senator, I must say I'm disappointed you would appear on a fake news network show hosted by a hateful fascist liberal.
They love to stir up the perpetually offended. Everyday a new offense, a new riot, a new protest. Become quite boring. Dems=mental unhinged.
The President has now called you and your response is "what's done is done" re: Comey.  Obstruction of justice is a important issue Cover Up
Prove it!  Vote for investigation!  America will know how Russia meddled in our elections.  The longer you wait, the worse it gets.
How ironic that they didn't go after Hillary like this the real Criminal that had ties to terrorist Countries and took money from them.
Get separate and impartial investigator obviously once the firing its clear politicians cannot  police themselves, only way 2b credible
Not the impression the hearings give. The GOP only ask about leaks with no regard for Russia.
So it was all Rosenstein's idea huh? gtfoh
Lankford will toe the party line. He always does, even at the expense of his constituents. It will take more than platitudes this time.
Let's tune in and find out what all of the past ClintonObama whack job staffers have to say on CNN. Lol
what about CLINTON, REOPEN HER CASE AND END THIS SHIT! LOCK HER UP!
Watch his questioning, he is stonewalling.
Run this before critique POTUS for watching news : https://www.google.com/amp/www.theblaze.com/news/2015/03/07/just-guess-how-president-obama-says-he-heard-about-hillary-clintons-private-email-account/amp/ ….... & 8 other times O got his info from news
Ask him has he given @realDonaldTrump a preview of his testimony here today.
Priebus asked McCabe to help spin Russia story. McCabe agreed. Why is McCabe talking to Priebus & helping Trump spin ? Is he Trump's bitc-?
Seems Trump has told his Russian board that he fired the guy investigating them. Good Job Potus.
Hey Anderson would you roll your eyes like that at Hillary or Chelsea? Very rude and unprofessional, childish and not very manly of you.
Saw the whole thing. You are a Trump stooge, Senator.
Are you really gullible or stupid enough to believe any of the WH stories on this? I think they have 5 versions now. ....
Dems love Comey, then hate him and want him fired. He's fired and dems melt down. Liberal logic 101. You all get more foolish by the day.
2) @RepAdamSchiff @SenatorLankford @RepSpeier @RepSwalwell @RepJoeKennedy @SenWarren @tedlieu @SenFranken @SenatorBurrour Oval WH BUGGED
1)This is sickening. With theses in the Oval Office who's to say it didn't get BUGGED! DJT needs to be REMOVED NOW protect our COUNTRY 
Yay Comeys gone, lock her up.
No. This is grave... very bad for our country. Trump is not a good person and it's looking like he is a traitor, a bigly traitor. Not good.
Proud of our president Trump.
Unfortunately Sen. Schumer has no confidence in ur committee to do a credible investigation as he demands a special prosecutor. Too bad
POTUS

This how republicans should speak, FACTS! Thank you, Sen Lankford for being so not dirty.
Yeah sure!
I hope you are genuine I this, Senator
God speed Sir
Daines- prove you can put country over Trump. Don't just retweet. Demand independent counsel.
Please don't take them at their words and let true patriots of the land pursue this to its surgical end. Selah
How About Focusing On Our Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Co-Sponsor SConRes12 & S422 Reverse This National Disgrace
You should be fired for Disrespecting Kelly Ann you creep. Thats not journalism, but of course you are nothing but a DEM PROPAGANDIST
I certainly hope this guy is telling truth!  Jeez!
You have been following facts for a long time. Time to show the evidence, or stop wasting money.
Better-thank you/seems though you take a harder line against corruption when not on Fox
For the first time in decades, I have someone representing my district that I am not ashamed of. Thank you Sen. Lankford.
Independent investigation or you are complicit in a cover up. It's that simple. Choose USA of choose GOP.
Cover up of what?
You really can't be that ignorant, so I'm just going to block you. Have a nice life.
But Mr. Senator, your focus focus focus on the LEAKS seems very much like a cover up.
Yeah, that's what they all say...
Independent investigation
How about fabricate information? How desperate are the Democrats?
What facts?? A bunch of clowns. The agenda of CNN is discussing.
 Bot?
Hell yeah! We just want a clean line of sight!
FINALLY
Lankford said improper for him to discuss Russia with Trump why does anyone think Comey discussed it 3x??
#TrumpComey #obstructionofjustice
@Jack2John @AC360 Lie.
