@RepGosar Unfortunately the Justice said, 'Blacks need to go to a slower pace school'. That was racist. A screwed up mindset.
Not what he said.
I am a liberal democrat but Justice Scalia was an asset to our Supreme Court.
@RepGosar Frankly Justice Scalia is better dead than alive. Give her her five minutes of fame due to a dead insane husband
Just now seeing this. Really, if you must mock and insult my parents, please refrain from tagging me. Thanks! #TheyGoLow #WeGoHigh
"Have I now become your enemy by telling you the truth?" Gal. 4:16. He did not deserve such fulsome praise.
@sunflowerwsnc Noticeably absent: Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
She probably would have fell asleep anyway.

Yep. If I were her, I'd hang up the robes and go fishin'!
@boreallady I am very liberal and I disagreed with him, but your father was beyond brilliant. I'm very sorry for your loss.
Thank you - that's very kind!
It was a very appropriate, non partisan thing for the justices 2 do. I'm glad they showed they are human.
Your father was one of the best...too bad his murderer is still running around loose. But he/she will be caught. Count on it.
Thanks for your kind words about him, but please stop the murder theories. They're like an even worse version of Godfather 3.
Because we love and respect your father and his family 
Is your brother, Fr. Paul, in the chamber this evening?
No, he's not.
Thanks. I'm one of his many admirers.
he was with priests of the Diocese and @BishopBurbidge for priestly dinner tonight!
Your father was a very, very inspiring person. I'm so thankful we have such an example to look to. God bless you and your family!
There's no such thing as a stupid question, only paranoid conspiracy theories.
The Globalist
A great man, an incredible judge and Constitutionalist, a real patriot. He is greatly missed.
Thanks to your father....
That was so kind of all of them...
God bless her, she is a beautiful person
Well, of course, that wasn't political, that was a member of THEIR team. They're not monsters. It was appropriate.
A beautiful recognition of your Dad's service.
Service to himself. No one abused his office as flagrantly.
@SuePickles80 As they should have.  Ur father was  great  & behind every great man is an equally great woman supporting him.
@rharrisonfries It was an extraordinary & touching moment. Your dad was a remarkable man & your mom is a lovely woman.
@PatrickRuffini the justices led by example to show respect for a beloved gentleman's family
@DonaldJTrumpJr Your parents are/were amazing Americans.
My only lament is that he didn't practice what he preached. A florid hypocrite.
USA IS GRATEFUL FOR THE WISDOM OF YOUR FATHER! Even if our fmr potus was too self absorbed to show PROPER RESPECT! A.S. RIP
@TomIarocci and for your dad
@chowdallas pelosi was mad the clapping kept waking her up
as we all do.  God bless his memory.
If there is a just God, he will inhabit the ninht circle of Hell.
as well they should and I am sure felt the need to.
I cried when I read your tweet!  Proud moment@
.@cjscalia Rightly so, Christopher. Your father was an historical figure, brilliant and good man. Thank you for sharing him with America.
He had no respect for my rights under law.  I would have enjoyed deposing him.
@IrcinkSuzanne - Think we all stood up and clapped ... God Bless Em !!!
Judge Scalia was a hero to all and is sorely missed.
beauty
funny didn't see any mention from the 0bummer presidency
@EntheosShines Good tweet, not found
@SandraTXAS god bless!
@SandraTXAS respect
@MikeHimsworth @VougeMagazine @TIME @SmithsonianMag @CBSSunday @realDonaldTrump
@MADE__USA it pretty sad how they are treating pres. !!!
.@cjscalia @Mindy4110 when ur father passed away, so did hope for the conservative voice. My condolences to u and ur family. Loved ur father
God bless your family and prayers for our justices.
This was a beautiful moment!  So often people forget, take the politics and religion out. Now you have a father, son, and husband
amen
Bless you all
@PressSec respect with class. Thank You.
rip such a great man.
Your dad was one of the most loved & respected members of the American judicial system. His loss was a loss for the entire world. God Bless.
@PressSec God bless your Mom! We all lost the day your father left us! Prayers for you & your family!
I'm SO glad they honored and acknowledged your mother.
.
@rcjhawk86 God bless your mom. Your dad will never be forgotten.
@VistaJake elegant lady
as they should. Honor to your dad.
beautiful for sure!
And suitably so to honor the wife of one of the their colleagues.
that was great...loved it
@rbinsme as they should!
I was taught if you don't have anything nice to say then don't say anything. @ZariaVonMars
good catholics have that effect on people! Sorry for your loss!
We all noticed the judges.  #heartwarming  Long live #JusticeScalia
She's so beautiful!!
Your late father was their colleague. The reaction was entirely appropriate. IMO, your fathers' presence will be missed for years.
Note that the Constitution, Federalist Papers and Justices' Oath of Office, all require them to act non-political, but Ginsburg violates.
Much love for sharing your deep reflections with us here. The scene epitomizes "Your Honor"... ty for your service to our country.
So moving. My parents were in their 40s when I came along. When Dad passed they were married 69 years. Your Mom stood w/Grace.
your dad was a great judge and a wise patriot. Condolences on your loss.
your Dad was pure class and excellence. Glad to see your Mom looking so beautiful and smiling. God Bless her
Your father was a great man. We were sorry for you loss.
your mom was very beautiful,elegant&the best representative of such a Wonderful Man our POTUS recognizes&knew &still knows-bless u
Justice WILL come... With God for us, who can be against us?
the country deserved an autopsy
Your mother is beautiful, Christopher! Never forget how well loved your father was.
@EWErickson he never died, literally
As it should be...
very well deserved ovation. We should all strive to be like your father. True hero of life.
they hace a heart after all
God bless you and your family. Thank you. #MAGA
I am sorry for your family & America's loss of ur dad.  Seems untimely and suspicious.
yes
fitting tribute by the Justices.  Thank you.
thank you for his service to this country.
beautiful
@vlc26601  Justice Scalia served with greatness . @realDonaldTrump
@EWErickson I've admired your dad for years, Christopher. I'm so sorry for your family's loss.
they are wise to not be particent
how is she doing, Christopher?
it speaks to the honor and respect @SCOTUS has for your Father & Mother. 
Beautiful woman full of class.
morher, wife and very devoted to a cause she is very regal!
your dad was a great mam and made this country proud.
and rightfully so. What an honor and may your father RIP.
That is as it should be. I'm very liberal, but know respect.
Pure American respect.
@jedimarkus77 Ur father discerned both constitution and God beautifully...a constitution for the people and a personal God. Wisdom
Obviously a very classy thing for the Justices to do to honor one of their own.  You got a problem with that Lefties?
@DMashak I disagreed with your dad on most of the issues but he was nice and a brilliant jurist our country produced.
What a Beautiful, Graceful Lady 
that was a lovely moment, your Mom is a pretty lady
Oh yeah? Alito & Thomas neither stood nor clapped.
Your father was a wonderful man. I have so much admiration and respect for him. I know he's in heaven.
@DonaldJTrumpJr  What a great lady! She has handled the great loss with such dignity! God bless your family!
God bless
@ViJones19 that is how you pay respect. Well done
Your dad was a great man, your mom deserved the applause, God Bless you and yours
@DonaldJTrumpJr Kinda like way Democrats behave when a Republican is President.
A beautiful and graceful lady. You are blessed.
thank you mom for the amazing family you raised and for sharing your son with us. God bless and keep you and show His face to you!
God bless you and your family Chris! Looking forward to reading your books.
@vdean68 obama didn't even go to the wake despicable guy
your mom deserves it!! He was a great man and served our country with honor!
God Bless You!
She is a beautiful lady. God bless you and your family.
@DonaldJTrumpJr And they should for their love of your father and mother!  Glad to see that they stood up and did the right thing.
ur mom is beautiful. Sorry for ur loss.  Ur dad was an inspiration.
A classy lady!
God bless your Mother. Your father was one of a million.
God continue to bless your family
our prayers are with your family your Dad was soooo amazing & will be missed greatly! Your Dads legacy lives on in u!
you are happy
You have a great family, Mr. Scalia.  It's a humble honor to have a signed copy of your father's book, "Reading Law". God Bless...
Bible, John 5;28,29 the resurrection of the righteous and the unrighteous. So that is going to take place here on earth.
I loved having your fathers' brilliant, conservative mind on the court. I still miss him. God bless you and your family.
Beautiful strong woman. God Bless her
As they should've!!! God Bless.
your mom is an honorable woman your father was a great man.
@OldRowSwig RUSSIA MADE THEM STAND AND CLAP!!!!! RUSSIA!!!!
@RestoreHistory She is lovely.
Bless you and your family! We need more like your father on SC.
Good. Justices are people, not God. They SHLD show respect. Loved your dad, by the way-  greatly miss him on SC.
Sadly the two liberal female justices didnt stand. Your dad was a champioin to us all.
I clapped for your Mom, and cried for her. Your Father was a good man.
Your mom is such a beautiful classy women! She is a great example for women everywhere.
class move by this group but where was the infamous Ginsberg?
Our friend Justice Thomas is not in the tweet pic. Was he to far right for even Fox?!? 
@NewtTrump 
a wonderful tribute!
because she deservesdit and her husband Scalia was a great judge. A hard act to follow
Your mother is a beautiful woman, and I am so sorry for the loss of your father and her husband.
God bless you and your mother and I pray for your father who is looking down on you with a smile and a twinkle in his eye.
Have long admired your dad, and your mom is so beautiful! God will yet bring amazing resolution for you & your family
Showing respect.
great parents.
@DonaldJTrumpJr it's a sign of hope for this country. This country is being turned in the right direction.
your father was my judicial hero and your mom is an elegant woman.
beautiful lady like melania
Your father was a great man and is missed terribly!
It was a moment your family deserved.  I was proud to see the Justices break tradition
you're father was a great man and I'm so glad your mother was extended the respect she so deserved. Thank you @POTUS
@DonaldJTrumpJr. They were being apolitical... Upholding their oaths and responsibility not to bring discredit onto the court.
. Showing honor to a fellow jurist and his spouse.. Was commendable.
He will forever be missed. Your mom is the picture of grace and strength. Still love reading & sharing his dissents. Brilliant
that means a lot for a grieving widow and son. Anyone with heart will feel the need for support. We all need to be united.
I wish all Judiciary was like your father. America was beyond  blessed by his wisdom & brilliance. God bless you & your family @cjscalia
@DebNC93 Your brother, (Fr. Paul), and I are Roman classmates. Lenten Prayers & Blessings for the Scalia family! Pax et bonum!
Your dad was great man and big lose for our country my heart goes out to your family
I met your dad when he was in Telluride, CO.  Brilliant man, but his love for his family was magnificent.
Thankful for his service.
Your mother is beautiful! I'm deeply sorry
for the loss of your father. We the people miss him.
sad day for all when he went to a higher court
Libs take notice: That is what a real woman looks like! #Classy
we are so proud for all of your family. Your father is sorely missed
he will never be forgotten
4-4 now 5-4 soon when Ginsberg dies or retires in the near future 6-3 then the party begins.
God bless you and your mother and father. Your father was a blessing to our nation.
@docdhj just saw The Originalist in Sarasota. Ed Gero does an amazing impersonation of Judge Scalia.
Your Dad fought on the side of morality.
@bryy771 We...voters see her as very special indeed.Classy lady!Your father was a great man of truth,justice & the constitution!
Nice
She deserved it in honor of your beloved father.
.@cjscalia @PAB2187

*your father was a wonderful Constitutional scholar
*tough when he needed to be
*kind, spiritual & kind
It sure was! It gave me goosebumps. What a wonderful moment. And, what a truly lovely lady.
Well deserved! We all miss Justice Scalia. However, I do think there should have been an investigation into his death circumstance
I deeply admired your dad's devotion to upholding the CONSTITUTION.  I pray he will inspire young law professionals to do the same
And so did America!
I'm sorry for your loss. Judge Scalia did such a wonderful important job for our country. Gone 2 soon. God Bless you & your family
Appropriate respect for the Justice and the man.
The judge was truly a great man and patriot!
God bless all of you. We know what happened.
thank you to your father for his service to our country on @SCOTUS. best regards to your mom
What an amazing tribute to your Mom & Dad~We were so very blessed to have your Dad serve at the SupremeCourt~Scalia will be missed
I wish your dad was still there;
but i guess God figured it was time for him to come home?
a stand out moment last night. Your dad was a great patriot.
You can get access to a variety of free ebooks at http://airplanenote.com/  #ebooks #downloads #books #book #read
