Where was Daines and everone else saying this about the bigotry and raising BLM protests?
Horrible comparison, and honestly it goes to show a lack of research on your part. BLM is not about bigotry and hatred like these groups.
Do people get too passionate and sometimes violent? Sure. But the movement is not founded in hatred.
No offense but it sure seems like it is to me is all hatred of Whites and don't know about everyone else but I love all Americans
Seems? Go research the movement please.
If u think BLM isnt a racist group yur wrong If u think it wasn't founded on lies yur wrong Hands up dont shot didnt happen its been proven
lol you think racism is okay on one side, but heaven forbid it happens to you!
This is a spectacle the left created to get the media to talk about "white supremacy." Pretending its a bigger problem than lefty anarchists
No the real problem is not Nazis bringing guns teargas and bats to a "peaceful" rally. But I suppose when I'm seeing on TV is fake news
How often do u c this?I see lefty anarchists destroying public property weekly.What r these guys doing?Saying some racist sh*t,I can take it
U lefties think I care for the opinions of sheep. I am a conservative because logic and reason made me one. Not emotions.
No, because you are afraid of black and brown people. There is no logic in your name calling.
Larry's original comment, this event was a "spectacle the left created."  Then someone died. I suppose the left is responsible for that.
And we do condemn this. These 300 or so idiots are on the fringe and don't deserve the attention that they are getting.
Perhaps our president should condemn them and fire their buddies, Bannon and Gorka.

This is about David Duke.  It is not about Bannon or Gorka.
Stop your willful ignorance and deflection. It does nothing for anyone, especially yourself and your credibility.
Says the person with no facts.
I refuse to spoonfeed the intellectually lazy. You know what you are saying is bullshit. You are doing it because you want to hurt the US.

Apparently not ALL of us. The GOP is doing NOTHING to remove Trump the Apologist from the WH. IMPEACH him. We will #VOTE2018.
These are all ploys  by Hillary Clinton Bracck Hussain Obama & George sorros funded.
Bigotry &racist how?Cause they carry a confederate flag?Where is the cries abt antifa &blm.They've done more damage than any conservatives
Swastika flag in one hand & Confederate flag in the other whilst shouting "blood & soil" is a clue
Hmmmm well I must have missed that. Don't watch cnn or any other news (including fox) my question is why did no one bitch about
Are you really retweeting fix? Shame on you. You cannot find your own words? No words from the Bible? You can and should do better
Yet this fat Antifa was protesting almost 2 hours after ordered to Disperse ? AntiFa attacked people..people fought back #Truth
What says the gaveler?
Trump is unfit to be president. And America is still waiting for a single Republican leader to say so.
I wouldn't place a wager that you have the spine for this.
Tonight we need to hear from REPUBLICAN LEADERS who are willing to PUBLICLY ABANDON their support of Trump. Please SHARE this if you agree.
Sorry- WE CANT HEAR YOU steve. Oh that's BC ur a coward. That's right. Cluck-cluck. Yea, great leader.
UPDATE: 12 of the 292 Republican members of Congress have directly called out Trump for defending white supremacists https://goo.gl/mxKW1o 
GOP engineered a voter mouse trap w/redistricting & suppression & caught a RAT. YOU have NO room to talk. HE is GOP's FAULT.  #VOTE2018
You best stand by these words.  Its the only thing that you've done right.

If Bannon, Miller and Gorka aren't out by Friday, Congress must impeach and remove Trump. If Pence hires any Alt Right staff he goes too.
If you truly believe this, then stand up to the president. Please don't be be complicit.
What do you have to say about the president's recent comments about Charlottesville, Senator Daines?

Caroline, haven't heard anything from you since the weekend! You used to tweet a lot! Where have you been? Hanging out w/ @realJamesAllsup?
No.  This is America not wanting to erase history.  Get your mind out of the race game it's getting old.
Fox promotes this behaviour
CNN promoted the burning and looting of an ENTIRE CITY! No one condemned them. They "gave them space" HYPOCRITES!!!
I've seen more BLACK LIFE MATTERS flags that's a racist group nothing said by CNN
Are defending ppl who believe in nazi slogans & attack clergy?
Did you lose your phone, Steve?
Trump is mad.. so is fox fake news
Perhaps u and other @GOP would benefit from watching this... since YOU OWN ALL OF IT. https://twitter.com/omanreagan/status/896563796071731201 …
This is @GOP. Nazis one and all. RT of Fox does not help you steve.
After Charlottesville: End the denial about Trump  via @EJDionne

http://wapo.st/2fD4HkJ 
Still waiting for your daughter @Caroline_Daines to reject James "White Power" Allsup, her fellow officer @WSUPullman College Republicans...
Coming soon to a town or city near you.
Sure seems like you'd want your daughter @Caroline_Daines to denounce her @WSUPullman College GOP Pres. (she's VP) for participating, no?
Paid protesters???
MediA needs to stop inciting and promoting air time this means fox too report then ignore these people stop interviewing
REALLY @STEVEDAINES cos I thought that was YOU when YOU banned Scott King's words. YOU are Bigotry YOU are  Racism
Does this mean you will stand up to Trump for not condemning the neo nazi and their violence?  Who is going to stand up to POTUS?
Um...Sen. Daines? We need to talk.

cc. @Caroline_Daines
Lookkii
These guys are just one of those fake losers trying to taint Trump Honestly where were they all thse presidential terms? Masquerading bigots
Where was the outrage when BLM and antifa were looting and burning cities?!?! Where were you at Daines? Seriously? Where? Silence..worthless
That should stand for all people!
Then don't post Fox. @gop U OWN THIS. You support a white supremist in the WH.
1 Dead protesting for peace, 2 officers killed, at a NAZI rally, in the USA. 2017 

http://www.latimes.com/nation/nationnow/la-na-charlottesville-white-nationalists-rally-20170812-story.html … 
No difference between this and the black life's don't matter group. Why was it okay for the black criminals? Suck it up
From both sides!
SHUT down all of the hate groups that promote these violet behaviors like; "CARE" & others. We believe these groups are funded by; G. Soros.
The group rally today had nothing to do with President Trump, his supporters or Republican Party!
This IS the American Taliban rising #Sad
Lord help us we don't need this 
Senator Daines -- these are your people, the people you support.  You refuse to meet with the rest of us.
Why did it take someone getting killed for you to finally say something? You've been silent prior to today.
That's a lie, he don't like black people
What is BLACK LIVES MATTER?
yes, all 3 groups involved are guilty!
Amen!
You can't fix stupid ...too bad they reproduce
I reject bigotry, racism, and hatred.  However, the antifah also fit in that category; and I am kind of tired of no one calling them out.
What would truth and reconciliation about us racist past look like? #charlottesville
TOTALLY Agree!

BREAKING: Driver Who Plowed Into Charlottesville Crowd Identified - Media Tries To Hide Who It Is http://freedomdaily.com/truth-terrorist-drove-charlottesville-riot-crowd-revealed-who-was-supposed-to-die/ … via @Freedom_Daily
Who had a permit to be there?  The troublemakers are the ones there illegally!
unfortunately we have to let these lame brains assemble. Best thing we can do is ignore them. They feed off attention.
@SteveDaines it is nothing of the sort. Its keeping the tidal wave of illegals from coming here illegally. Sorry it takes illegal votes away
Nobody in the media said this when BLM was destroying cities.... I gues white lives and history no longer matter
Uh oh. Fox is calling out racism. Their viewers pay to be told racism is a liberal scam. They won't like this.
Yet no one got too excited about the violence perpetrated by antifa??
It's a sad day in America #Charlottesville
I am white, Christian & I am against violence no matter skin color. Stop crazziness. We r UNITED states of America
So what is it called when black lives matter protestors do the same thing?
Damn shame.
I guess today's events prove that Boston isn't the most racist city in America.
FOXNEWS and the last 20years of GOP tactics CREATED this atmosphere. TRump is the cherry on top
Well you know - there's always been pendejos "and always will be
You're talking about BLM I guess.
6,000 attending?Of that total, 3,000 are "covering" it. News is so orchestrated.The liberal media prehype wasn't meant to PREVENT violence.
We do not need this we are better!!!
Are you going to do something about the way you blindly follow party politics?  Do you really want to follow tRUMP down his evil path? Stop
They seem to have been a peaceful gathering whether you agree with them or not. Trouble seemed to come with the people protesting the rally.
Anything not supported by liberals and progressives is racist or bigoted these days...  It's not hate for trying to protect your heritage!
Racism is  a reflection of a severely evil heart and a beyond stupid mindset
But what about the Black Panthers? BLM? Why are they not treated as racist? We need to come together - all colors. ALL lives matter.
Idiots!
This is the result of 20 plus years of right wing swill being stuffed into non-critical thinking heads! Typical Fox news idiots! #Resist
These were Trump ppl!  I know for a fact!
This was not the kkk! ! !
Sadly, you're also partly to blame for all the bigotry you have spewed all these years.
Sadly, this now represents the new GOP,  the Party of Trump.
This is exactly what @foxnews @foxnewspolitics #propaganda have encited, encouraged for years #FireHannity #BoycottFox #Charlottesville
Start at the top. White House downwards
Supporting Trump's agenda the very bigotry & hate your words attempt to condemn. Where are the morals of the @GOP?
The blm and antifa are a bunch of Obuma's Race haters, why can't you report the truth. You reporters are as Evil as antifa and blm.U R Fools
No!!  This is TERRORISM!!  Period. Call it for what it is!!!
How do you reporters say Racist when these people was only trying to keep A Gen . Robert E Lee from being removed. Not Racist, you are LIARS
This is how the #PresidentBannon @SebGorka supporters of the #AltRight have poisoned @realDonaldTrump He should Clean the West Wing Swamp!
Glad to see you admonish it. How about pulling guests like Gorka, Miller, Bannon. Fire hosts subtly promoting this mindset #Charlottesville
But not beat with a stick
@realDonaldTrump @benfergusonshow Last night&2day was NOT two sided! It was abt White Supremacists feeling empowered enuf 2 show their hate
This is how @realDonaldTrump should have responded but he doesn't want to piss off his base, COWARD! The Repubs own this. This is their face
Take a peek @benfergusonshow  - you are to the right of the right defending Trump today
Denounce White supremacists who are responsible for the hate and bigotry
This is what Trump should be saying, instead of golfing. This is a national crisis of hatred & bigotry.
Ohhh yes, replace "this" with "Fox".... 
Fox is bigotry. Fox is racism. Fox is hatred. 
Makes total sense!
Republican Nazi Party.
This is the result of Trump's ignorance.
Then stop supporting Pres & policies that empower white supremacy. Trump did NOT denounce rally or respond to mosque bombing.
Which group r u referring to? Black lives matter  or???
You're right, we must have antifa & other left wing hate organizations designated as hate groups! They were illegal provocateurs as usual.
Loves these open carry goons. This is @NRATV core demographic.  Hypocrites. @SteveDaines
Virginia is living up to its reputation as redneck Hillbilly Central and I live in Texas!! #Resistance
Just up!!!!! Sick of people like you !!!!
We are not going backwards! We are moving towards a Positive way!!
I do not blame people who wish to preserve their history. I am not an American but surely the American Civil War was about more than slavery
These is NOT an statement made by Fox but what a senator thinks. Freedom of speech and... trying to get votes.
Thank the left for this continuation.  Did you think the right was going to turn the cheek forever. Roll right roll.
Every single person at @FoxNews has blood on their hands. You have been feeding this beast since your inception.
ooh but wait it is ok if blacks march  huh  just not white ppl right
we did unite and reject them when we defeated Hillary in November
But BLM rioters and ANTIFA are PEACEFUL protests about free speech. You people are such idiots. You reap what you sow.
Look up the true definition of racism.
You thought you could tear down confederate memorials without consequences I guess you thought wrong. This is just the beginning.
Why is there so much "BLM does this, so it's ok" going on here? A: totally different, B: even if the same, stop deflecting your bad behavior
You people spew out hatred everyday
It is freedom of speech. Same as Black lives matter.
Both are wrong in violent protest!
This is the true face of American terrorism.
Obama starred all this hate when he did not disavow Black Lives Matter.  MSM never blamed him but they will blame Trump
@realDonaldTrump must be so proud!
Blm ok white people protest this is racism sounds about right
You want WAR ? Don't have to go to NK. It has started here. He lighted the fuse and doesn't know  what to do now. You get what you vote for.
Not one democrat condemned the murders and injuries inflicted by Black Lives Matter. WHITE LIVES MATTER JUST AS MUCH! Jesus died for both!
America needs to unite against this type of hatred; stand together. Yet Liberals are more concerned with @realDonaldTrump tax returns
Not ONE Republican owned slaves. RACIST WHITE DEMOCRATS owned slaves!! Abe Lincoln & Dr. King were both REPUBLICANS!!!!!

Then let's stop demonstrations of BLM.  That's why this protest evolved today.  How about a peaceful "Millions of Christians March" in DC?
Do you say the same about BLM? CBC? NAACP?
I agree with you, but I don't recall your harsh statements when BLM were marching and creating violence!
They have a RIGHT to march just like any other group in the USA. I don't agree with their message but it's as much their RIGHT as liberals!
Agree, but why is it tolerated when the roles are reversed.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. This rhetoric is never advertised on Fox or anywhere else when it is BlackLivesMatter!
Just gun them all down! problem solved. They won't come back next year.
All brought on by former President Obama who kept fanning the flames of racism
Very true words you have spoken. Time to be American #NoRace #NoGender #JustAmerican and #Support @POTUS @ukgem68 will agree
Kinda like trying to overthrow a constitutionally elected president, with two months of burning cars after the election.
Senator, they to have rights not just certain hand picked groups. We don't have to agree with them, but respect all American rights.
So is antifa ... where was the outrage with their destruction

David Duke today in #Charlottesville talking how how the hate rally "fulfills the promises of Donald Trump." 

FOX has been supporting and pushing this for 3 years! Own it.
But yet when blm does it's ok? I'm against violence but then call out blm when they do as well as anti fa
I am not in favor of hate in any case. What I want is equal outrage whenever this behavior occurs from anyone! The press are bigoted!
That is very clear, reasonable & a necessity. But this is what Dems have been working on to be able to pimp another cause against Americans
The Dems have been tongue lashing Republicans, cops, the rich, white males, productive workers, good parents and success. This is on them
Looked like a peaceful rally until Antifa showed up.
Free speech means this group just like blm have the right, and if you don't like what they have to say.. MOVE ON
I agree it's about time someone stood up & spoke out about BLM!!thanks!!
As long as the POTUS continues to instigate violence, these things will continue to happen and you are a part of that rethoric. Words matter
The nation is tired of these activists  they are NOT!!! Victims   Shut down the cupcake fascists
They have the right to #Freespeech..........
Your party leaders perpetuated this type of behavior when Trump said Obama was not an American, not one of you had the  courage to renounce
The media needs to stop instigating. People take advantage of the cameras. It gives the  a chance to see how angry they really are.
the Democrat Governor just called white people stupid taking the statue down won't change history
Absolutely agreed....this should not be allowed in here...these nuts need to go away
This is also RACISM. Media pays no attention to this. I think what you're seeing can be better described as backlash. Good job causing it
What a the difference between them and BLM? They are sticking up for their rights, beliefs and their community. Only cuz they're white
IS it?  I don't see the KKK...that was last night...is this group JUST NATIONALISTS??  Cuz I think they ARE & if SO, Fox's slant is SICK.
Violence always eminates from left,when u have blm,commies and identity politics u get alt right.shut them down and they will get bigger
Agreed and where was the out rage when black lives matter protesters were looking to beat up white people just as bad
Trump is letting this country become violent because of his own rhetoric. And bass on this he will totally back this rally
It's the same on both side
Both are racist groups, it's a shame it takes away from real issues that face this country
Patriots are running out of patience for the ignorance in this country
Which part or all?  Tearing down historical statues of Veterans because of...?  Isis tactics & extremely racist too...
I hate say but we need to be more like the Israelis mandatory military service for all as a vet I never saw racism trust
This is just as bad as all the BLM idiots that chanted for dead cops and dead white people. CNN and Obama never spoke out against it.
Racism on all levels is wrong. It's a two way street
Your party has condonec this hatered, so youf statement rings holliw with any thinking #American.
Bullshit. Reject the blacks rioting and looting and destroying property. You liberal's are gonna see. We just about had enough of the shit.
Exactly
Thank you for calling this out for what it is.
