Your prayers are empty, do something concrete instead and work on preventing the silencers bill to move through congress @SteveDaines
Start praying for yourself, your destructive greed is killing people.  We see who is lining your pockets and how you vote!
You should have the courtesy to say nothing because you have done nothing.
Prayers and legislative action are not mutually exclusive.
Put your prayers into action and vote no on the legal sale of silencers at the very least. You have the power to stop this from happening.
I could not believe the carnage from this shooting. I got wind of it from my PCA Laurie on Monday. I also have her on Friday. God bless
When is a good time to talk about gun laws?Will your prayers stop the next shooting or revive the dead?
I will not be voting for you until you take meaningful steps to begin gun control legislation.
$9,500 in blood money. Was it worth it?
Says the man taking the highest amt. in donations from the NRA for our state representatives. They know platitudes are all you will offer.
Evil prevails when good men do nothing. Are you a good man? 
I don't know the fix to gun violence, but it certainly isn't "nothing".
Hi sir, What tangible steps are you taking to prevent gun violence in our country? MT has one of highest rates of firearm mortality! Help!
So how about some solutions, like some responsible, reasonable, logical, practical discussion on gun control.  Get going do something.
It's horrifying what gun sales have done to America.
Please vote against silencers! @SteveDaines
If you truly believe in God, you know He gave you your position for a reason.  Pray, yes, but also LEGISLATE.  #GunControlNow
All will stand to give account...what do you think Jesus will say to those who used their positions of power against the poor and helpless?
An assault weapons ban is 59+ bodies overdue.
STFU steve. Here are the senators who just voted against closing gun-purchase loopholes: http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2016/06/20/here_are_the_senators_who_just_voted_against_closing_gun_purchase_loopholes.html … via @slate
Just praying *again* for victims of gun violence. Too bad you're too cowardly to take any actual legislative steps to protect us from it.
Psh, you care more about guns than people, Senator. Just look at your voting record. You should be ashamed
These bodies are on you and all of your colleagues in the Senate and House who continue to refuse to pass common sense gun laws.
You were elected to do more than pray.  #legislate #doyourjob
You took over 70k from the gun lobby, you shameless and cynical hack.
Thank you @SteveDaines. Now it's time to get your fellow republicans to act. Some #publichealth #gunviolence stats
Maybe you shouldn't have accepted those donations from the NRA...the blood of innocents leaves a stain that is difficult to wash off!
Please remember @SteveDaines is funded by the deadliest terrorist organization in the world. @nra has killed more Americans than any other.
how about doing something to stop this from happening again?
DO SOMETHING. This is now a public safety concern. Voting to allow mentally ill to attain guns is asinine!! #putyourselfintheirshoes
Just prayers? No thoughts?  I mean we want you to do everything that you can.
Yes, but what are you doing to prevent further mass shootings?  I’m guessing being a coward and nothing like the NRA prefers.
No more prayers. Let's take some action!
Praying is good. Fixing is better.
Do something besides pointless, self-serving prayer. Act on legislation to provide gun control.
Do something about it. You have the power. We trusted you with it. Earn it.
It's pretty easy to figure out your donors FYI. https://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/recips.php?id=d000000082&type=P&state=MT&sort=A&cycle=2014 …
You take $from @NRA. Hypocrite.
Every Member of Congress Who Took Money From the NRA and Tweeted 'Thoughts and Prayers' to Las Vegas @splinter_news http://ow.ly/9SsB30fAAVY 
Save your prayers and pass some effective gun legislation. Actually do Something!
@MTCowgirlBlog @MTDems So, horrified enough to VOTE AGAINST SILENCERS? Or as a professional NRA prostitute. is it an automatic yes vote?
WE DON'T NEED PRAYERS- WE NEED GUN CONTROL!!!!!!!!!
Nice sentiment. How about following up with some policy change?
The sounds of the rapid fire last night alerted everyone- we need to vote against silencers so many more would have been killed.  STEVE NO
I believe in prayer but agree with those calling for more. Pls vote no on the silencer bill and start the process of banning these weapons.
Your prayers don't mean shit. Gun control, now!
Let's pray for legislation that eliminates the ability to buy assault rifles & gun purchases w/o background checks. Oh wait, YOU can DO that
If only you were in a position to actually do something.
How much money has the #NRA given you? Are you bought?
After a day of prayer I hope tomorrow u will consider what might b done to curb these horrific events from continuing.
Did u take @nra $$ steve?
2bills B4 House this week: 
1 lifts ban on silencers.
1 allows sale of armor piercing bullets.
For all if you bashing on Senator Daines, remember your precious Democrats didn’t ban anything when they held the majority as well
Thoughts and prayers will not undo what's been done.
Proper legislation and restrictions will however, prevent more lives lost. #GunControl
Will you vote for Gun control now? Nothing crazy, just getting rid of high capacity automatic weapons and silencers. #Pleasehelp
Because you don’t think that, the black market will be filled with them anyway??? #getreal
You do realize that you have political power and could do literally dozens of things to prevent these tragedies, yeah?
Stop praying and take action. You are selfish. Get off your ass and encourage your fellow lazy party members to take charge. #guncontrol
Do more than pray.
Maybe you should try some legislation, your prayers aren't stopping mass shootings. Don't be a coward take a stand
The do something! Like voting no to more silencers and stop taking $ from the NRA. No to the gun lobby!
That $72K you received from gun rights groups gets Americans thoughts and prayers? 

“I got paid so here are some platitudes!”
#NRA is for sissies and cowards
"in lieu of substantive legislative action, I'm praying [yet again] for victims of gun violence..." - Steve 'NRA Stooge' Daines #mtpol #NRA
When you hear GOP Senators offering thoughts and prayers today, remember they voted to sell guns to the mentally ill this year.
Proglodytes are on a tear. 1 crazy guy with an illegal weapon makes them think all law abiding citizens should be deprived of 2nd amendment
Thoughts and prayers aren’t getting the job done... you and your party refuse to address this epidemic! Grow up!Wake up! DO YOUR JOB! #mtpol
And what is this “epidemic” you speak of?? Please enlighten us
Your prayers are as helpful as golf trophies for hurricane victims.  I’m sure the families are comforted by your “actions”.
You wanna regulate the 1st Amendment, maybe you should look at the 2nd. How much money have you taken from the gun lobbies?
Prayers are worthless!  Gun control is not!
I would like to thank you for protecting the 2nd amendment rights of that filthy murderer Steve.  May you get what you deserve.
Being that you're in a position to do something to stop gun violence, your prays fall pretty flat big guy.
Mass shootings: Thoughts and prayers. Let’s never mention this again.
Tax rates raised on the wealthy: This requires immediate action.
How about common sense gun laws? A ban on assault rifles? A ban on silencers?
You need to start with a vote against gun silencers.   Then maybe stop being buddies with the NRA lobbyists.
Stop wishing or praying and DO something. Oh wait, all you know how to do is take selfies.
Here's what else you can do- prevent gun silencers. Please!!!!
Time for you gun lovers to start doing something besides praying and really do something to address our nation's gun violence/culture.
