12% of Americans support this bill... 12%! Are you really going to support something virtually no one in American supports?
Math does not lie, you can't manipulate it to get the answer you want. The facts are the Senate healthcare bill is all about the money
You would rather we just accept the @gop's lies?
So you love the CBO when it supports your policies but hate it when it doesn't? Could you be anymore of a hypocrite?
@realDonaldTrump are you two  twins from a different mother? You both have same MO when you can't defend you stance.
Repurposing my letter Senator. Let's work on repairing the ACA. Cheers.
Resistbot rules!
@Johncornyn @ForsettisCreed re: confused but obtuse, you sure there's an "n" at the end of your name? Miilions took you to Senate.
Ha Ha, trying to joke about killing people is hilarious.  You know that your bill will throw people off of healthcare.
You mean like the millions that lost their Dr/plan, and didn't save $2500 per family?
Unless it supports ur plan, right?  I vote in tx
Of course he did...but when it serves your purpose you have no problem quoting the Congressional Budget Office.
It's math. I know schooling isn't Republicans' thing, but please stop with this disingenuous grandstanding.
Thought that's what "cornyn" meant.
Dear @SteveDaines  - if all this is too hard for you to understand, perhaps you're in the wrong job. #mtpol #mtnews
When you don't like the message, shoot the messenger. When you don't want to dirty your hands, quote someone else. #Trumpcare is a tax cut.
Cornyn could stand for 'I refuse to listen to my constituents because I know better'. (And I'm in for a cushy job and huge tax cut.)
Let me help you. It stands for congressional budget office and the analysis of the new healthcare bill is pretty grim. Explaining this tweet
What is confusing and obtuse is the reason you want to take healthcare from so many Americans.
You only think this because the CBO showed the people what's really happening. I'm just surprised no one has called it Fake News yet
Wow. Hilarious. How about you guys fixing healthcare?
Or Could Be Omnipotent
Seriously?? Have you ever actually read some of the laws that your group writes? Poster child for Confusing and Obtuse.
It stands for congressional budget office. Just because you don't like the score d/t bash results. U like it when it suited UR agenda #jerk
Do you get the feeling that no one is with you on this,  you shallow, heartless tool?
Then please link to your source of rave reviews...
Please....
Try to muddy the waters as much as you want. You will still be responsible for killing citizens by supporting this bill.
So scaled down degraded insurance and 15 million initially losing coverage is "Better" healthcare?  How stupid do you think Americans are?
You smear the nonpartisan CBO and quote a rag like the Washington Examiner. I guess as long as they agree with you, you have no qualms.
The only time Repubs hate CBO is when CBO tells the truth. Oh wait...
we are not all that stupid senator.
CBO documents are quite clear. But ppl like you are much harder to understand.Why is the GOP at war with ordinary Americans? #GOPAtWarWithUs
or CBO could stand for John cornyn. Simple.
Then why did you cite it on these occasions? https://www.cornyn.senate.gov/content/sen-cornyn-cms-report-shows-reid-bill-worse-doing-nothing … https://www.cornyn.senate.gov/content/sen-cornyn-seniors-need-know-their-medicare-benefits-won%E2%80%99t-change …
CBO: HC premiums for individuals will go up 11-13 percent under Reid bill (p.4). http://bit.ly/8nsThp
Please tell us poor lil old folks
Only for those of little brain. The CBO summaries for many bills is concise & helpful. I appreciate the work they do. #thankyouCBO
Yes, bureaucrats and bean counters are useful when they work for the people
Translation:  "They didn't tell me what I wanted to hear."  @SteveDaines
Do we (USA Gvmt) actually pay folks to provide us CBO? if yes, that "department" should be shut down, or all staff involved demoted.
CBO's could also stand for "Crappy Bunch Of..."
Meaning you neither want nor care about economic impact on people you represent.  Let me know how that works for you.
@realDonaldTrump   You asked for our $ & our votes; u said you'd repeal Ocare. Please support Pres Trump.
You get paid $$ to produce this mindless "health care" drivel?!?! WTF, no inclusion, greedy politicians, swindlers, snake oil.
"28m uninsured under ACA" John Corny. How many millions of those are Texans whom your state refused to cover under the Medicaid expansion?
This is why it's a cut. Also why you're did either not very smart or not very honest
Keep bashing the CBO if you want but it's weak misdirection from the fact that your bill stinks.
Aw poor baby. If big words, math & complex thinking are too tough for you guys, maybe consider that you really aren't qualified for your job
Math is hard, right?
Uh, I didn't find it confusing at all. And I'm not paid to understand it.
Don't cast doubt on institutions. That's a @realDonaldTrump authoritarian tactic.
Latest Quinnipiac poll re: AHCA 16% approval (and likely to drop further). #TrumpDeathCare
HAR HAR HAR! GOP could stand for "Greedy Old Party"! Get it?

Your tweet has the stench of desperation. Unreal attacking @USCBO Pathetic.
You're a liar.
Republicans simply cannot govern. Go back to saying stupid things on Fox News and let the adults back in the room ok?
Wow. Y'all were all about it when the ACA passed. What is different? Hmm...
It means "Can't Blame Obama" for how disgusting you and your comrades are. Tax cuts for your rich donors at the expense of Medicaid. F off.
Funny you used "obtuse" to describe the CBO. Given the fact that you're ignoring the large majority who oppose your fukd bill you're obtuse!
maybe u should have paid more attention to math in school. Fact that CBO doesn't say what u want doesn't make CBO the problem.
Math. Such a cruel mistress. Have someone with an education explain this to you.
You are purposely misleading We the People, sir. You are sowing seeds of confusion to take insurance away from Republicans & Dems.
Repair the ACA!  Your bill is dead wrong.
you failed as a party whip because you couldn't get the job done ... can't wait to vote you out
It's the experts vs cornball Cornyn
Just stop. And pull the tax cut out of the bill. Put the BCRA bill in the Senate Health Committee and try to reach a bipartisan solution.
And folks living outside Texas could think you're a real Senator who works for all his constituents.
CBO is not problem! Throwing grandma out of nursing home so your rich friends can buy anthr home, car, yacht or trip arnd world IS PROBLEM!!
Seriously Senator? Quit playing twitter games and do your damn job of protecting healthcare for Americans!
You stand for confused, yet obfuscating.
Funny - American citizens don't seem to be confused by the non-partisan CBO, only the rich white guys in Congress are.
You wouldn't have to make these kind of comments if your plan was anything other than a tax cut for the wealthy.
The American people know a flop when they see it. That's why your healthcare repeal is polling at 12%. It's worse than:
God just go away into the abyss you flaming orc
Wonder what the world would be like if the sick/addicts/mentally ill received affordable healthcare? Reduced crime and productive citizens.
Your bill has 12% approval rating. Your problem is not the Republican appointed CBO. Its the American people being able to read your bill
I'm ashamed that you're my Senator.
So our MT senators are name calling, shoving bullies. Nice real nice
And yet your quote their numbers when it suits you. #gopdoesnotcare
Here it comes: attack the CBO
It could, if you want to pretend it does, but it doesn't, and you damn well know it.
Look you don't have to name call just because they said something you don't like...what are we on the schoolyard playground again...
Your fellow Texans are against this bill.
Not if you understand math.
You will be in town next week. Let's talk about CBO. It would be nice if you talked to constituents
Shut up John Cronyn!
#WealthCareBill provided to you by 13 white men millionaires including our Sen. Cornyn.
Your bosses have spoken and no one wants your crappy bill #FakeSenator
How much money will you get from tax cuts in Trumpcare?
Keep it comin' John....you'll have to account for your actions to your Maker one day.
"Congressional Budget Office" works a lot better, thanks. @USCBO
And convenient also? Right? When it fits your (evil) agenda?
You embarrass our state. This blatant attempt to discredit a non-partisan government institution is dangerous and shameful.
The GOP literally hand-picked the head of the CBO.  Stop making excuses for how awful your bill is.
My God,  Senator,  how embarrassing can you be?  Childish Tweets?  You are a Trump Republican.
Hateful old man.  You are all lacking any #Humanity. All you know is #ProfitsOverPeople.  If you hate people so much, become a hermit and go
https://www.wsj.com/articles/provision-in-senate-health-bill-could-be-a-boon-to-insurers-1498642202 …

Care to explain how this helps #Texans?
cool
I don't remember you complaining when it scored the ACA?
Dude.
CBO is #NonPartisan 
Head appointed by @SecPriceMD 

#BCRA will hurt #Millions if #Texans. Why do you support it? What should be goal of HC?

Health Care is a complex issue. CBO treats it that way. Got staff? I don't remember the GOP being upset when the CBO report went their way.
CORNYN could stand for: Couldn't Organize Republican Numbers Yielding Nothing
Oohhhh, they named it after you I see.
Senator, comment on the 12% approval rating your bill has? America doesn't want this bill and would like ACA fixed instead.
22 million americans with out insurance #lies #RUSSIA #investigate #sad #JOKE #fakecongress #fakesenator
Feel free to piss off 88% of Americans any time, John. Poll: Only 12% of Americans support the Senate BRCA plan
Right. Blame the messenger and disparage a government agency to try to kill crucial #ACA. We need single-payer.
"John Cornyn could stand for something-- for a change," say his constituents.
...or it could stand for "Cornyn Bought Out"

#Election2020 #RepealAndReplaceCornyn
Correct But Obvious.
CBO could also be a lot more accurate than you. Oh wait, it is!
These stupid sayings may work on some Americans, but really, this is the best he can do with experience and education?
Please stay and pass the Bill, for families who voted
When one cannot use intellect, that could be true.  Some of us still use critical thinking.  Critical thinking is a skill lost on most.
Stop it.
$180,000 worth of obtuse.
@SteveDaines You certainly do not stand behind your statement on health care on your website. There's a surprise! NOT!
What's confusing or obtuse about 22 million people losing healthcare?
Only 17% are in favor of your monstrous deathcare bill.  CBO report is not confusing at all, it shows all that your bill will harm us all.
confusing only to mentally feeble idiots.
Are you set on becoming just as a destructive force to our democratic institutions as our inexperienced POTUS? #TXVoter
Resign already! You seem senile.  #VoteOutTheIncumbent #Vote2020 #Vote2018
Your bill was a tax bill for your donors. Can't fool me. Only 5 GOP senators publicly "liked" the bill. As your constituent I'm ashamed.
Don't shoot the messenger. The GOP is doing a shitty job trying to "provide health care to citizens."
They were pretty clear that your tax cut bill has bad health outcomes.
We, the taxpayers that are your employers,  do not want your sorry excuse for healthcare. Improve what we have
#RepairNotRepeal
You don't even need a CBO report to see the serious flaws in this bill. Quit worrying about 2018 and do your job.
stop lying John, you're just digging a bigger hole.....you are attacking the foundations of American Government- not a good look @txlege
Your base is growing smaller and smaller.
Maybe if @SenateGOP worked in public as @SenateMajLdr insisted in past years, the CBO would have better news. Deal with facts&truth. #mtpol
And you can put SFT after your name.  Stooge for Trump.
Having a good laugh over this, @JohnCornyn? Maybe it stands for 'Cornyn's Big Obfuscation' #Trumpcare #TrumpCareKills #TrumpCareCutsMedicaid
You were asked to repeal & replace w/ something better, not 4 u to go batsh*t crazy w/premium raising AHCA. Get w/it man
@SteveDaines is obtuse.  Way to make fun of throwing millions of people off healthcare. So much for you being "prolife" #nodaines2020
Is the GOP plan to discredit previously reliable sources every time they evaluate unfavorably?
GOP *could* stand for 'Grandpas Opposed to Patients.'
Please. You'll reach for any excuse now?
It's actually quite simple. Math. Facts. Common Sense. I guess they don't teach that in Republican School?
Considering the source @stevedaines who has yet to cross team gop and vote for montana who he's supposed to be representing,  just more BS.
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @RepKevinBrady @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP   Senator, GOP could stand for "Greatly Overrated Politicians" 2018
He is your guy !! Knocking CBO becuz he doesn't sugar coat ur pathetic bill ...Country B4 $$$ we don't want your stinking bill FIX the ACA
Cornyn Butt Out
To paraphrase a line from "A Few Good Men," the GOP can't handle the truth. Therefore anything that doesn't align w/ their worldview=fake.
Everything you call fake turns out to be true. 
Didn't Rep Ryan just defend the Director bcs he was hired by your guy???
Y'all aren't very smart, are you? Maybe Obama or Hillary can explain it to you. They're smart.
And what do you stand for, Senator? You sold your soul to the Koch brothers, and sold all of us down the river. Sit down.
How much are you being paid to ignore your constituents and keep lying to us #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoBCRA #NoAHCA
A stunning pair of charts of the CBO report from my colleague @alv9n 
If you can think of a better way to get independent analyses of budgetary plans for Congress, propose it. Stop being disingenuous.
When will your next town hall be? Your constituents would like to discuss #healthcare with you #austin #aca #bcra #bcrap #TownHall
You are falling right into line with the whole Trump gaslighting campaign. Don't trust anything that I don't tell you is true.  It's wrong.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
So now Republicans are trying to discredit a non-partisan agency which provides facts to the American public.  Why so scared of smart voters
Increasing the US death rate by denying health insurance is one way to say money John. .@JohnCornyn
Why don't u quit calling it hcare reform & say what it really is:  Medicaid reform.  If u were honest, u might have cooperative dialogue
Hahaha. Like Texas...

Terrible
Elected
Xenophobic
Asinine
Senators
Enjoy retirement in 2020
Scary thing is the right more than wrong
Right. Because it exposes how many Americans your idiotic healthcare plan would hurt.
Get more people involved in governing. The last time I checked neither Mitch nor Don was synonymous with God.
Youre trying to obfuscate because healthcare law is complex, but youre literally going to kill elderly, disabled and kids with medicaid cuts
When are your townhalls scheduled during recess? Or just now donor meetings??
So middle school
Oh Cornyn.
What well respected source do you use for your postings? CDP? (Cornyn's Donor's Pocket"?
Fix healthcare mess! Quit lying!
#FixHealthcare
What does the AMA stand for?  Going to make fun of all the Drs that have come out against it?
Only to republicans
