dad's sessions has been confirmed thank you for shutting down that loudmouth Warren put her in her place
I think he turned her into a martyr. She has more support than ever.
.@SteveDaines You do not represent me. #SitDownDaines
complete disappointment to the United States and more so to Montana- Clearly you are not a true Montanan- disgraceful sell out!
will you too be preventing equal rights? Coretta Scott King anyone?
I can't wait to work my ass off to get you out of office.
omg.
seriously, it's one thing to be scared and tow the party line and another to be gleeful about this on Twitter
I am appalled that you represent Montana.
wow, yes, let's be proud you and your colleagues got a man with horrible track record on racism, women's and black's rights 
into the Attorney General's seat. Ashamed that you are supposed to represent Montana
Why won't you hear us! Put Montana first, that's your job! Quit selling out to big money and personal interest.
Don't let them get to you Sen. Daines!! Very proud to know you are serving our state! #SteveDaines
I am less than thrilled to be able to call you my Senator.
So you're a cheer leader for a racist authoritarian. Just wow.
I'm not surprised. You seem like a guy who's buddies with a bigot. #PlasticSteve
no wonder the Dems party is falling apart at the seams.They are an EMBARRASSMENT to themselves n especially to America.Shameful
clearly you're a great judge of character
that's pretty bad man. I learned something about your political ideology today #ShePersisted
Thank U Sen.Danes.Dizzy Lizzy hasDementia she should be in a Nrsg homeShe is disgusting n as a woman myself she is embarrassing
So you like having a USAG who is a well-documented racist? Don't deny it. Jeffy-B hates black people and doesn't hide it well.
you Sir, continue to disappoint Montana with your votes. Leadership my ass. Your moral compass no longer represents Montana
Has he ever had a moral compass???
great job there Steve! Thanks for putting this purjurer in charge of all law enforcement. We warned you about Jeff!
And we're ashamed that you're thrilled.
we will be thrilled too-to vote you out
I am thrilled to call you #notmycongressman
Oh boy can't wait til you're gone in 4 years!! When's your next town hall?
. @SteveDaines Warren wasn't impugning a Senator. She was impugning a nominee for Attorney General. This isn't the Supreme Soviet, you arse.
What if David Duke had won that Senate seat & got nominated for AG? Would you have invoked this bullshit rule to protect him?
obviously, the answer to that is a big fat yes.
whose voices have you been listening to? Not fellow Montanans.
I bet everything feels very thrilling to you right now. Lot's of attention, mostly negative, but still feels good, doesn't it?
Thank you for encouraging me to become more politically active. Enjoy your last term.
how thrilled are you about Betsy DeVos? No tweets about that controversial vote you cast in favor of your campaign contributor?
disgrace
I wrote to you & your staff about Crohn's Disease with 0 response & you represent ALL MONTANAN'S not just the Republicans in MT
I'd be real thrilled if you would rep. Montana, as 5th gen myself I can say that to you. I have been so embarrassed last 2 days
thrilled? Why do you hate people of color. They're Americans too.
AG:0% from HRC, Denied in 1983 because of accusations of racism, Opposed Voting Rights Act. Glad to know that you are a racist!
By colleague you mean fellow traitor, right? By the way, where are you hiding, coward?
How was he too racist to be a judge in the 80s, but now you're "thrilled" to make him AG? I'm ashamed of the new GOP and you.
we can do it! ignore the Dems they're on the way out
thrilled there are only 1,440 days left.
I'm disgusted with your approval of him..you are a complete and total lackey and completely out of touch with Montanan's.
thrilled@@so you're a racist too....I'm going to throw up
Going to celebrate when you're gone, you do NOT represent Montana #disDAINESful #NoHateInMyState #NoDainesInMyState
well done!!
Steve, its Wednesday do you think Jeff will be home in time for "Cross burning" we have some eggplants lined up
and I will be thrilled to not only vote you out, but to help campaign for your opponent. S/he will have to be a better choice.
sexist
Nice to know bigotry thrills you, Steve.  What other kinky thrills do you have?
you do not represent Montana values.
I'm very disappointed, Sen. Daines.
"thrilled." What a tool.
there are moments in life you have to stand for what is RIGHT..this was one of them..you failed us
You truly are deplorable. #NoDainesInMyState
A vote for Jeff Sessions is a vote for voter suppression, immigrant bashing, and racial injustice. @SteveDaines
Have you seen your frightning look on your face when you silenced Ms Warren? Ugly and mean!
just as thrilled as so many will be to vote you out of office.
why is it that you have time to tweet but not meet with your constituents? #ShePersists #dumpdaines
being thrilled that a racist is now the AG of the US says absolutely nothing positive about you. It is a disgrace.
Citizens of Montana: Vote this asshole out!
good to know you didn't listen to any of our calls. Enjoy your last term.
It's thrilling to think about rallying against you, your disgusting behavior & fundraising for your opponent.
You should be ashamed of yourself. I was born and raised in Montana, and you are an embarrassment to the state.
I hope for the sake of MT & ALL people in our country that you are right. He has a lot to prove. Quite frankly so do you.
perhaps he could start be educating Trump on the constitution. That would win some point in my book.
on that note- will you ever speak up & expect Trump to act like a president and understand the importance of constitution?
Montana's a great state, gorgeous place, some very caring, friendly people. Apparently you represent the worst of it.
U are in a evil cult who have sold their souls for money and power. U don't care about people. And u r a father. So sad.
Shame on you boasting about your disgraceful act. I'll be contributing to your next opponent
.@SteveDaines And we in MT are EMBARRASSED to have to call you our Senator after your conduct during the debate over Sessions' confirmation.
Nice pic, is that before you back-handed your wife and your BFF Sessions indicated that it wasn't battery?
enjoy your last term.  #wewillpersist #letlizspeak #ShePersisted #nobodyputslizinthecorner
I am ashamed of you. Try - at least once to represent ALL of us. Just once.
you're the worst. Better start your job search Steve; you ain't staying another term. You are on the wrong side of history here
I can't wait to vote you out. Ignoring racism IS racism.
"Nevertheless she persisted" Thanks @SenWarren for leading. She is my SHERO!
you're a disgrace and we will make sure you never work for us again.
Congratulations, @SteveDaines. You were a total unknown before you helped McConnell be a sexist, stifling jerk against Sen Warren.
Hi I Heard you on Hannity today! good job!
This is so disgraceful.
you are horrible.
not nearly as thrilled as we will all be when you get voted out. You're fired
Are you saying NO Senator should ever be nominated to a cabinet position because the appointment cannot be debated fairly?
U are an embarrassment to Montana
u turned on your colleagues voting for Sessions & Devos. We will vote u out. U are  POS
.@SteveDaines I'm disappointed in you. Cmon, man.
This shows you could Care Less about Civil Rights in this Country
You have lost my vote forever! Should have voted no on Devos. Your new nickname with MT teachers is #SenatorShitStains
a little tingle down your leg kinda thrilled?
What do your constituents say? Release your contact logs. Let's see if you actually listen and vote accordingly. #ShowYourWork
Your stilted silencing of Warren speaks volumes about your stance on women. Shame on you.
. And the way he glared at Senator Warren! Ugly, ugly,man!
And I am disgusted that I have to call you my senator.
Cery Adame's of u. Cannot call u my Senator any longer. Don't count on re-election
great job Steve!
Yeah, you can be racist, misogynist BBFs.  He may last longer in his seat than you, then you'll have to come back to MT.
you need to take our other Senator out behind the barn and have a chat with him
I'm thrilled  you're crazy enough to think this man will defend our liberties. How much did HE pay u? #Devos was $64,800
Did u take money over country-I believe u did
I'm glad to know that racism isn't a deal-breaker for you. #knowthyself #mtpol
You'll be sorry!  We all will be.  Sessions is a racist authoritarian who is going to rip up the Constitution.
add to that #NoDainesInMyState.
You sold out in your vote for DeVos. You are an embarrassment to the state of Montana, sir.
Shame on you Steve Daines. This is not what Montana wants.
