How does your special flag help?
Uh, what about your boss? @realDonaldTrump? The Pussy Grabber?
You, Gianforte and Daines are the biggest hypocrites that represent this great state, you three lack the moral capacity to serve Montana
When you're not on a private jet.
Seriously? You were appointed your position by a sexual predator. Your words and deeds ring hollow. I'm awarding you two puke face emojis
So Your best buddys with the Trumps and it doesnt bother you that they harass and demean women just when the Jew does it
Excellent and brave move Ryan. Keep up the great work you're doing and drain the swamp.
He's part of the swamp. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS is the king of the swamp and a sexual predator.
You resigning?
that's good - but what a cabinet secretary in charge of America's precious lands - need to spend time on issue of who fucks who
You can start #Resign yourself not #Loyal #AmericanPeople

Lower fees 50%,more of us can enjoy, fire Armed Guards, more volunteers, no life time pensions! 94m Americans no jobs.
Get them out!!!
Company culture starts at the top. You've already sent a message that you will tollerate sexual predators.
And Steve would stand by while a rape took place because he's such a coward.
Yeah, i guess one way to get rid of harassment at @NatlParkService & @Interior is to strip the parks & lands & remove purpose of both.
Speaking of predators, what about your Dear Leader, the predator-in-chief. Will you address that?
You work for the misogynist-in-chief. Why?
you work for a predator you remember "grab them by the pussy" don't you?
#Perverts #Intimidators let's start with these guys ... oh it's about the #Money not #AmericanPeople
Ahhh, Ryan, are you sure you want to be the point guy on this?  You know, hypocrisy?  It won't look good under that flag your waving.
Ya can't do it with good old, top down, white boys.

@DaveMihalic
Probably should start with NOT WORKING FOR A PREDATOR.
Maybe you should turn your gaze to the WH...you know the admitted sexual predator that you support day in and day out....hypocrites!
Speaking of predatory behavior this is the sort of thing you’ve been trying to vote for.  Shameful.
Who have you fired?
We accept your resignations Zinke and Dianes.
Spending ur budget on luxury trips leaves little room 4 salaries so it's  no surprise u r firing peopleHoping u fire predators & not victims
The only things Stinky Zinke are doing are wasting taxpayer dollars and continuing to be a pompous asshole like hes always been.
Oh, really? Good to hear your resigning!!!
If that’s actually true thank you very much but please also help the Wildlife .
sign me up

Your boss IS a Predator.

You fired the Groper in Chief, President Trump?!?  What an incredible power grab by the Sec Interior
You should make Twitter raise a virtual flag to let us know when you’re around.
You are also spending our money for your personal trips. Stop it once.
You should investigate that situation.
She has a spotless record and is 10-8!
Ha! Refuge OLE has only one hispanic female (STRC), who was recently denied a Senior position for a bullshit excuse. Real reason was gender!
Isn’t making your staff raise and lower your own flag kinda a form of harassment and intimidation? Would you fire them if they said no?
Then you should invoke the 25th Amendment on your boss!!
Surprised you have time with all the taxpayer paid trips and flag raisings. Maybe raise another flag when you're wearing your boy scout uni?
Says predatory Zinke steals from the people, slaughters our wildlife, harasses his employees sells our parks & is destroying our culture!
You can start by condemning your boss' harassment, assault, and general predatory behavior.
Can you name some specific things you have done? Who have you fired? What rules did you change to improve your agency?
You're kidding right? RIGHT? Do you know who you work for? What the hell is the matter with you people? (Other than your legions are dim?)
Oh wait... is there a fancy flag flying? Should I respond now or wait? Lemme run up the stairs and take a look! Arcane and dim!
Zinke harasses/degrades his employees. Tells RV Industry, My people will never be as good as yours. Changes their jobs without fair notice.
And side note: you can't claim to support @NatlParkService while trying to gut the Antiquities Act. Public lands are not for sale.
As you swindle tax payer $ and work for pussy-grabbing Trump...you are dishonorable & disgraceful! Oh, your little flag is a joke! RESIGN!!
Start with  pos boss in the white house.  I always believed i  leading from the front. That pos sets no good examples
You gotta grab those harassers by the p&@$& and get them outta there
...if you can change THAT culture, then you will have done something.
...and did everything the right way (HR). When I threatened a law suit the offender suddenly decided to take a promotion to another station.
Start with @realDonaldTrump #Hypocrite
Sir, the irony is painful. Your boss, #POTUS, is blatantly guilty of both. So please do what you can to remove him and change the culture he has ushered in.
Interior's method for changing culture is moving predator to different park or refuge. I was intimidated relentlessly for over a year...
So are you firing your boss @POTUS @realDonaldTrump ? He should be the first to go!
So are you guilty of harassing and intimidating? We know you are guilty of flying on our dime.
Start with yourself - you tried to intimidate a US Senator over healthcare
Can you get something going like this in Wash DC? The White House is ripe for something like this. Start with the Oval Office!
Remember the @realDonaldTrump predators you work for. Don’t go down a road that you can fall victim to as well.
Oh really? How do you have the time when all you do is fly private and come up with more ways to slaughter wild horses? You're a fraud.
Intimidation Zinke walk on out the door! The petite women you shoved your finger in her face! Be nice? How about you
predatory behavior also comes in the form of taking public lands away from Americans
Thank you sir...wish there were more men like you!
Do it!!
Go all the way to the top. You know, to the predator-in-chief.
Your statement rings hollow when you willingly serve a serial sexual harraser & assailant. Is that the leadership you learned in the Navy?
How about your boss?
zinke, you did both-voted for boehner & obama's omnibus spending bill-the worst spending bill in worlddom- betrayed us all @POTUS @nytimes
Nice words, but you're working for a serial sexual harasser.
At least 5 investigations opened on Trump Cabinet's luxury travel - Axios
https://apple.news/AXVrYtBYUTX2GG4vg63PORw …

Thank you!




I don’t think you can fire 45.
You're actually going to fire Trump? Good boy.
Ryan. Ryan. Ryan. Does this mean you will also be resigning?
This tweet won't end well.
Right, Olga.
Dis Lola come with you on this vacation?
