What an incredible honor to be endorsed by three of MT’s biggest
newspapers. Thank you @missoulian @billingsgazette @helenaironline 
The aholes we elect just keep getting better and better...
You know all 3 pulled their endorsements after the assault, right?
Too bad all three took back their endorsements.
He just assaulted someone, you going to ignore that?
Steve Daines is nothing if not great at ignoring things.  Like, you know, constituents, facts, the basics.  #mtpol #bodyslamthevote
Good luck? Did you wish good luck to other abusers too?
This tweet did not age well.
When you say "good luck," do you mean in court on assault charges?

Just FYI : All 3 of those papers have now rescinded their endorsements.
Yeah, about those endorsements!
Greg has now been in-endorsed by all three newspapers.  Firmly.
Oops. 
Do u still want him to win?
@GregForMontana @missoulian @billingsgazette You should withdraw your endorsement!
Is this still your official position?
Might want to take this down now.
Or pull back the public endorsement.
Montana Values are to #DrainTheSwamp. Greg has shown he has that as a value. Go @GregForMontana. #mtpol
I assume the senator supports violence, assault and lying?
and killing innocent animals
D'oh!
Lol
Many people in Montana wondering if you still congratulate Mr. Gianforte. Strangely quiet.
All 3 have pulled their endorsement from your unhinged friend. Probably time for you to do the same and call for him to end his candidacy
Felony, he would lose his Shotgun, so its a Misdemeanor charge
perhaps you should withdraw this tweet...you are out in 2018
Did u post this before or after the assault? You are truly a repulsive human being steve. We will vote you out. Coward.
I would like to know your thoughts on the "body slamming" incident @SteveDaines
Didn't know Gianforte was into SLAM dancing.
u still endorse this pos?
This tweet didn't age well.
Care to comment about your buddy @GregForMontana losing his endorsement and assaulting a member of the free press? #1stAmendment

Are you rescinding your congrats, like they rescinded their endorsement?
Not anymore!
Check those newspaper endorsements again today....
this probably needs to be updated...
@SteveDaines: proud supporter of rapists and violent batterers.
@GregForMontana @missoulian @billingsgazette @helenaironline 

This praise has not aged well.
.....and all I hear from Daines is CRICKETS!!!!  Wonder why????
Any intention of counseling @gianforte @GregForMontana to withdraw in light of his unfit temperament?
Steve how could you support a Thug like This! Not a true Montanan this is not the Montana Way .
Dude have u not seen the news? Perhaps u shouldn't tweet this
withdraw your support immediately.
or do you condone violent assault?
Thanks for literally assaulting the 1st ammendment! Good luck tearing down the dying Rep party!
Greg "the gripper" Gianforte thanks for proving no matter how many millions you and Trump have you CANNOT buy class.
He will need more than luck. All three just rescinded.  Do you still support him, or will you stand up for the First Amendment and decency?
Endorsement for a man who body slammed a reporter for asking a "tough" question. Such a disgrace. Montana and the rest of the US is watching
And also good luck when you face the judge for the assault you committed today!
@gianforte @SecretaryZinke @MTGOP @The_Trump_Train NO TO THE DNC RUBBER STAMP ROB QUIST !!! GREG GIANFORTE 2017 !!!
@SteveDaines coward
This aged well
Yeah that's two papers now. Throatslamming and punching reporters tends to do that.
Even @FoxNews is calling his behavior assault. Is @GregForMontana what you condone for @GOP behavior? #mtpol
@maddow Senator Steve Daines used to work for Gianforte at Right Now Technologies
You may want to cancel that endorsement
You are a sick man if you still support this guy body slamming reporters for asking a question.
Let's hope he isn't celebrating from a jail cell
What do you think of your boy, @GregForMontana now?
@dpogreba, someone seems pretty quiet tonight.
Yes Greg let's hope you can restrain yourself from assaulting more people who ask you questions. Good luck with that @GregForMontana
Congratulations Greg for what, body slamming a reporter?  So uncool of Greg.  Way to keep cool, calm and collected.   Now Obama he was cool!
Wow they are praising a man who committed assault & battery tonight, unprovoked. A man who believes he's above the law. Wow, just wow!!
Greg Gianforte should be in jail. Do you support him now?
@GregForMontana Russian invested Putin pawn & thin skinned violent carpetbagger. Doesn't deserve 2 serve MT. Book him into jail 4 the night.
Do you support assault without even being questioned by @sheriffBrianG
Do you support his campaign lying about what happened?
Congrats on body slamming a reporter? Was @GregForMontana arrested or cited?
Can you let me know how a good Christian fella like yourself can condone this violence? Even Fox News is calling GG a liar.
Are you even seeing the news?
@GregForMontana @missoulian @billingsgazette This comment isn't aging well.
#TeamTrump you and Greg are best buddies.
And let's hope they cover the story of your physically assaulting a reporter.
this tweet didnt age well #mtpol
Know a good lawyer?
@GregForMontana @missoulian @billingsgazette wow, you're endorsing an accused felon?
Congratulations, Greg. You're almost an elected bully, as opposed to just a regular one!
Would you care to change your statement, sir?
Fox News team witnesses GOP House candidate Greg Gianforte 'body slam' reporter http://fxn.ws/2qlZ36n  via @aacuna1
Loving that abusive fuck now ??? Walk it back . You might want to reconsider your support
He'll need it!
When is your next live townhall?
And @SteveDaines, any comment on fellow Republican Gianforte's assault on a member of the free press?

UPDATE: Sheriff's office says is investigating allegations of assault involving US House candidate Greg Gianforte. http://nbcnews.to/2rjiO3t  
I going to remember this tweet Steve you support a man who would assault a citizen. I new you were no good I'm going to alert any attorney .
It's been 1+ year of refusal to speak out against reprehensible candidates of your party but maybe bodyslamming a reporter warrants it?
Do you support body slamming reporters?
Gianforte just attacked a reporter.

Wow- 12 hours and you can't control your hero @GregForMontana - proud moment when your homey loses it on a reporter. Violence isn't for MT
NOT Montana's representative...
Please condemn Gianforte's physical assault on a journalist today. Montana's a beautiful place - don't let him give it an ugly name.
I'll bet those papers are owned by out of state companies.  Lee Newspapers, right?
If you spent as much time town halling as you do kissing Greg's ass, your constituents might not hate you as much.
Oh you mean the Greg that just assaulted a reporter? Upstanding man that.b
Q for Sen @stevedaines
Do you still endorse Greg Gianforte after he body slammed a reporter, breaking his glasses?
Gallatin Co Sheriff's Office on scene after @Bencjacobs reported being assaulted by Greg Gianforte. Medics on scene as well. #mtnews #mtal 
Not "enemies of the people" this week, I guess. Maybe  next?
I hear he's kicking ass (that of a reporter)
All owned by Lee Enterprises 
Maybe MT should require born statehood to be a rep. So rich yuppies from CA can't run for office and claim to represent the people.
Yeah Greg, good luck finding a recliner to put your out of work butt in. Maybe somewhere out of Montana!  @Quist!! Go Blue!
Montana hasnt forgotten how New Jersey millionaire Gianforte sued them to block public access to rivers and streams
Now Gianforte wants to help Paul Ryan destroy Medicaid
The Trump budget would literally cut Medicaid in half by the final year
cc: @sangerkatz, @CitizenCohn, @TopherSpiro, @ASlavitt, @MEPFuller 
To be fair, @helenair endorsed Gianforte on everything except his policies.
Or on whatever day your phone-bankers are telling @RobQuistforMT voters is election day.
And don't forget to thank @SenatorTester for cleaning up the others @SteveDaines endorses i.e. the @BetsyDeVosED debacle- think b4 U vote!
Glad to see Montanans will choose another Montanan to represent the state, than a Carpetbagger from New Jersey.
Daines still a damn coward!!
Go Rob!
And just who owns those newspapers????  No surprise here!  Fortunately, newspapers don't vote....Montanans vote!
