God bless this boy and the outstanding parents who are teaching him right.
Bot
Clearly this child has not visited any of our liberal universities yet.
Clearly you are not the sharpest tool in the shed.
You must be a liberal when logic fails, resort to insults.
THIS BOY IS AN AMERICAN TREASURE!
Bot
Nope. Sorry to inform you, I'm real.
That's unfortunate.
God bless that boy
Badly staged, and figures you would be pushing unquestioning subservience to keep your sheeple in line
Yes. And during cold war if vid was of russian boy doing it he'd be a brainwashed victim of the state.
Maybe if ABC had any loyalty to America they'd stop bashing our President.
I support the agenda of Trump, get something done, no more fluff, get substance passed in congress
That must have triggered the America-hating leftists that work for ABC. Good stuff. But it's old - we already tweeted it from @BreitbartNews
This is beautiful.
This is the mindset that elected @POTUS Hello, ABC....this young boy & all the adults be represents have turned out your biased reporting.
It was heartfelt for me
Staged but sweet.
Staged. Fake news.
Just a creepy-loser
Nice hat.
Seems this boy is being raised proper a great site to see. Fred
Too bad @ABC doesn't feel the same way. Garbage propaganda network that takes great joy in misleading Americans for their neolib agenda. 
America. 
So cute
@Evan_McMullin thought you should have a reminder of what folks in Utah are teaching their children. 
True Patriot #MAGA
Looks like a Biker4Trump...just another patriot!
Democrats probably HATE this kid!!
No, just hate the people who say things like that
Gonna tweet this everyday now?
#America
What a lesson for all Americans!  Way to go.
Boy has More patriotism than the Libtards who riot against democracy after elections, and race bait to their advantage.
What a true American this little guy is & he even put his hand over his heart, unlike Trump until Melania hit him so he would do it.
Comey as a boy.
As he walked up the stairs, he placed- first right-then left hand over his heart, to 2nd guess pledge-stance. I did that too 50+ yrs ago.
Poor brainwashed little boy.
This is child abuse
Good kid!
Awesome parenting.
God Bless America, all Americans, this boy & his parents, his friend & his parents, his school, and a big thank you, 
Awesome! We need more people like him!
TO BAD THE REPUBLICAN PARTY CAN'T SEEM TO DO THIS.
*too

The kid has not been raised by liberals obviously.
Where is the kids helmet??
Yes we are
I know it's patriotic and cute but something tells me this kid doesn't have many friends
You probably don't either
Aww! Cute
This should still be done nationwide in schools. .. respect of the flag
This boy ain't right

Wow 
Kid needs psychiatric hey
How is the camera moving?
This is so staged. @ABC you vetted this?
Like really staged, totally! Oh my God, realllllly?
Sweet. Refreshing. American.
The parents of this young man must be so proud!!!
Awesome
Perfect for Orange Hitler's Orwellian nightmare. How long before he's murdering brown people "for the flag?"

All Staged lmao 
it does appear that way. Unless we learn that this child is an actor, I choose believe it was a sincere reaction. #kids
Holy brainwash
Fake AF
Because we are more blessed than we deserve to live in the land of the free. Good to see patriotism isn't dead.
