But it is the one I grew up in 
Me too! There was a nudist swimming spot just down the Blackfoot River from Missoula. We just floated by them and waved. No big deal. #mtpol
My rather prudish 91 yo mother was laughing about this story this morning. She grew up in PA, but been here since 1947.
But this is the man you support, Mr. Rogers!
I didn't grow up in a MT where people towed the party line regardless if it was good for MT or not. I'll take some nudism over a sellout.
I thought you wanted people to be able to choose their business endeavors without big government telling them what to do?
Nudists have free will to that. Unlike the women our President has harassed whom you support.
This is more like the MT @SteveDaines moved to. #mtpol #mtal
I know you have done way worse for money #mtpol
1. Maybe you should finish growing up. 2. Who the F cares?
Anyone growing up in MT has gone to a swimsuit-optional Hot Springs. If ya wore swim trunks, ya may have been hiding something. #mtpol #MTAL
True because it happened in Idaho.
Consenting adults, Steve. It's how us liberals operate.
and your candidate what Montana did he grow up in
.@SteveDaines get dressed in the dark because naked people are icky.
Question: In the Montana you grew up in, were the billionaires buying votes from Montana Senators with no repercussions?
You worship grab-em-by-the-pussy Trump but ur worried about naked people swimming in the woods? U lost ur moral high ground & all respect
Montanans are exceptionally libertarian when it comes to how their neighbors live. Be nude if you wanna be nude. #FreedomTrumpstheGOP
If you are appalled by nudists, but enamored by a p*&^^% grabbing, misogynistic adulterer,  you may just be a republican.
Oh please. How about protecting health care?
you're a disgrace to the struggling citizens of this great state, of which you should be representative of all & not just the wealthy...
and what Montana did you grow up in?? the one where big corporations & the ultra wealthy control everything leaving the common folks behind?
Bwahaha, the GOP cannot lay claim to moral high ground anymore.
My good friend Rob's morality FAR surpasses yours and Giantfortunes. You don't hold a candle to him. No chance slime ball.
I'm sad, Steve. Your sheltered view of the world is really quite distressing. You should get out more. Get out of the Koch bros. shadows.
Your Montana must be the "creationist" kind espoused by your carpet bagging buddy. Well its not mine, and im as much of a Montanan as u are.
Apparently being a nudist takes less courage than facing your constituents face to face. #TownHallNow #Coward
Where are you now? Can't hold even ONE town hall with Montanans. You look down on the real people. Beholden to the rich
Correct, Idaho is in fact a whole other state. Well done, Steve!
Maybe it is Montana now. Lord knows you are never here enough to know.
I'm older than you, but the 1972 MT constitution-the one you grew up under, prohibited dark money. That's what you should try to bring back.
Claiming @GregForMontana was bugged by Obama also scores you #GOP points by blaming the black guy. Find a girl to beat up on & you're golden
You might want to take a cue from the WH traitors & claim @greggianforte was bugged by Obama. Great for distracting from lack of substance.
The MT I grew up in didn't have eunuchs & shills for country-clubbers, either. Or a Senator throwing feces like a chimp for his pal.
Sliming for @GregForMontana. The MT I was grew up in had Mike Mansfield as Sentor, not an associate of traitors & bag man for the #Kochs.
His job was to outsource jobs from MT to China. Which is worse, taking jobs away or creating music?
YOu and your cronies are making sure it's not the MT in which I grew up. Keep being snarky and I'll keep mobilizing and we'll see who wins.
Seriously Steve, how uptight are you?  It is OK to hand our public schools over to a $ slinging political crony but we can go nude? grow up
No, bc it was ID and represented by a family values Republican senator soliciting sex in airport bathrooms. *glimpse at security camera*
Not sure u ever did grow up.
If your goal is to provide us reasons to lose any residual respect for you as a leader--well done!
You've obviously never been to ANY MT hotsprings then.
Let me get this straight - your ok with fully supporting POTUS and despicable things he's admitted to, but THIS bothers you?
Yes it is. Stop caring about things that don't matter.
It's irrelevant Senator Daines. He won't win. Us voters won't allow it
So you're mad at a business man for doing business? Or you're mad because people are not ashamed of their bodies? What's the attack here?
Oh grow up, @SteveDaines Who cares if Quist performed at a nudist resort? We have more important things to worry about.
Big deal
I know a club you can join.
Aren't you from California?
In other news, naked hippies like good music too and some senators act like 12-yr-olds. "OMG nekkid people, ick!"
Sen. Daines is a never-nude. He should be Lauded for his bravery in sharing this painful secret.

LOL!  The Nevernudes!
The world is speeding toward an astonishing similarity to a couple of cities destroyed in ancient times...
Now this was the sin of Sodom: She & her daughters were arrogant, overfed & unconcerned; they did not help the poor & needy. Eze. 16:49
OMG you're right. It's Bible truth.
Millionaires buying the state isn't how I grew up. I'll take a bit of nakedness over that any day. You're so facile.
You are a bad person and you should feel bad.
He seems like a nice man to me. Congress can use some more nice (and non-judgemental) people right now, as I see it.
This is the "dirt" you have been able to dig up on your rival? Keep digging, I guess.
You grew up in the Montana that would take women back to a time when they didn't have rights though.
Pray tell what Montana you grew up in. Get a life
So, now you're against consenting adults living their lives without government interference? It's not freedom if it's only YOUR freedom.
Which is that? Earning a living? Freedom of expression? or Idaho?
Idaho is not the Montana Daines grew up in!
Um... so?
Why? Naked people?  Grow up Steve. I'm sure people have been naked outside in MT for as long as there's been people
Traitor
So what?
Doesn't he know the human body is only for shame and scorn??  Clearly not puritanical enough values for the Steve.
Gey over yourself
If Montana has changed maybe you should too  @SteveDaines
Yeah well you were pretty sheltered then 
I mean, hello, clothing-optional hot springs all over the place here. What rock have you been living under?
Hahaha, oh yes it is. Obviously you just never went to the right places if you think these didn't exist when you were a kid.
he's an embarrassment to our beautiful state
aber day, Potosi hot springs, Norris hot springs, back in the day these were epic. stick to the issues and stop being a derp.
Never been to Polsi Hot Springs or Norris back in the day?
#thistweetisembarrasingtoMontana
Argue the issues, don't try to defame or attack
Oh, fer crying out loud...
Funny, I don't see anything about him grabbing any genitals without consent. Also nothing about him spying on nude teenagers.
This is how you spend your time @SteveDaines ?  Get to work and stop hiding from the people.
The MT you grew up in didn't have naked people? Wat?
