maybe if your governor didn't actively sabotage it.
Our governor is a democrat.  Our last governor was a democrat. You should probably consider using google before typing nonsense.
still refused Medicaid expansion which is a critical component.
False. We did medicaid expansion two legislative sessions ago.
well then your insurance wasn't real. Can't compare insurance that doesn't pre-existing with one that does.
I don't even know what you mean. How is the insurance not "real"? What does that mean?
lifetime $10k limit, no pre-existing conditions, refuse treatments.
by "lifetime" you meant "annual" & No such $10k product exists. Not up to insurance if you receive treatment. Preexisting was case by case.
ACA is more then my house payment. Not sure how everyone thinks this is great stuff I can't afford it. How do you?
Was this rhetorical? Before ACA, there was nothing for millions. And lots with costly pre-existing. Not saying it's perfect but doesn't suck
You did not need ACA to cover preexisting there was always coverage available. You just got ACA to pay for it for you.
That is simply not true. As a RN case manager, I saw this up close and personal with many patients and their families.
As an RN I doubt you dealt with the patient billing and personal finances
I was the link between patients, medical, insurance, finances, social programs, and so much more. So yes I did deal with it. ALL THE TIME.
I thank you for what you do. Seeing patient financials you would have to agree then ACA is too expensive for most working families.
Thanks. Agree that it does need work. What no one is talking about is the fact that income is not increasing at same rates as health care.
Has been a lifesaver for our family.
It's absolutely a concern that some people's premiums have gone up! But I'd just like to hear a more balanced analysis from Daines.
This yr I had knee surgery. I need another one. Without ACA I couldn't have afforded that care. I'm grateful! But worried for those left out
I'm open to discussion. The problem is that if people aren't forced to buy it, they go to ERs and we all have to pay.
My wife has several preexisting conditions. The  ACA and Medicaid expansion have been a God send for my family. It has allowed us to send
Our oldest to college and truly begin to achieve the American dream. We work hard and own a small business. If you take this away it will
Devastate my family. I will be working in a kitchen somewhere again. Wife will probably have to get a lower paying job just for  insurance
Who said anything about eliminating Medicaid. Many R tired of this emotional rhetoric. The mandated benefits & corruption have to go.
The GOP has been proposing a 800 billion dollar cut in medicaid with this whole Trump care crap, but I guess that's just rhetoric.
Not true. There is no Planned cut to current Medicaid spending just the future expansion is being addressed. Mandated benies have 2 go
Under Obamacare rate hike would have only been 2.3%... #voteblue
Ur a disaster for Montana families.
Not true for my family. Best game in town for a small business owner, a one person enterprise. Can't afford Repub plan.
Your bill is as ludicrous as @gop is ineffective!
Under trumpcare uncertainty rate hike is 23.1%
Expanded medicaid has been a blessing for me personally. My son has utilized medicaid to overcome his premie problems. 1.
Taxation without representation-vote no, that is what Montana wants and needs.
nope.
Nope. Not true. Hold town hall. Talk to us. Ask the folks of MT how it has impacted us in a very positive real way. Talk to rural hospitals.
that is simply not true, but truth is hard to come by with today's GOP
Sorry, you don't get it. Montana needs affordable health care nor tax reductions.
Obamacare is what has held my MONTANA family together. #SaveTheACA
Unlikely. We are down to 3 insurers in the marketplace and premiums have risen astronomically with another 22% predicted this year.
True.  On private insurance we could not afford the rates pre-Obamacare.  My husband had to take a job in Nevada to keep our family covered.

You don't even care that people will die without the ACA. The only thing u care about is insurance companies and their shareholders' profit.
If you use same photo- I'm using same tweet. I think the gloves have come off steve- tell the Pos @gop.
A preview of what's to come, @DeanHeller 
Have you ever even looked at reality or is it just tow the party line for your own self interest? No it's NOT a disaster
NO LIE THERE, AS OBAMA WAS A TOTAL DISGRACE & SORRY ASS EXCUSE OF A HUMAN BEING, LET ALONE A PRESIDENT.
Guess America dream is work at poverty level and receive free gov money.
Steve forgot the words to Happy Birthday, so he shouted "Argyle Turnbuckle" over and over at at baby. #stevedainesfacts
My family would not have insurance were it not for Obamacare
As a 4th generation Montanan, I've never once heard a real Montanan say that. Never.  I'm disappointed in you.  You're not one of us, sir.
Not for my Montana family and everybody I know. It has literally saved lives.
My family has lived on this land for seven generations. Before it was Montana, even. ACA has helped me and my family. A lot.
Please don't destroy medicaid!!!
From your continual silence, can one conclude then that you have zero concern nor care for those Montanans helped by the ACA???
Did u guys go with Medicaid expansion ? Helped a lot of low income folks
That's a State issue, not a US Senator issue, and yes. Our State expanded medicare. The jury is still out on if that was a good idea or not.
Medicaid you mean, not Medicare. And it wasn't a typical expansion. MT got a waiver to do things differently/worse.
Yes. Victim of autocorrect. "Worse"? Citation please. Our democrat governor promoted it as "superior" in every way.
No it hasn't! 79,000 people have insurance because of it. Insurance companies are the disaster. Single payer is the answer!!!!!
let's see a free market approach and stop subsidizing big pharma and insurance
70,000+  Montanans who got insurance for the first time through Medicaid expansion would disagree. #nodaines2020
I have been on the ACA for 4 years, my husband is currently on it.  IT IS NOT A DISASTER!
You, Senator, will be the disaster for Montana families when you take away our access to health care to pay for a tax break for yourself.
@SteveDaines 141000 Montanans w/health ins under ACA disagree with you. Repeal only is political stunt to protect 2018 GOP candidates
Repealing ACA will only alleviate the fines and will do nothing to improve their healthcare situation.
I would like to know what you are debating and voting on. Nobody seems to know. An idiot votes without details and thought
You said 34k people make less than 25k had to pay fine. They would have been fined if your state expanded Medicaid. Blaming Obamacare???
**wouldn't
You say that Obamacare harm poor people. Maybe you should talk to your governor about expanding Medicaid to help them get insurance
Taxpayers, depending on family sz, did not have to pay the fine at 20-25k.
If the ppl who were fined in 2015, should get refund, But in 2016 @POTUS made fines non inforceable & taxpyers didnt have to pay. Get facts
Listening to u speak on fl of Senate. Re Obamacare fines. You didnt tell the whole truth.  Fines are taken out of refunds &cannot be billed!
Actually, it's helped my family, my friends, their children, and loved ones. Please explain how it is a disaster. No generic emails, please.
How many more Americans will lose coverage if you vote to repeal?
no it hasn't, you egregious liar.  At least you're no longer pretending you haven't decided.
It IS fundamentally flawed; you're right there. Fight for single-payer to bring us to the civilized world!
That isn't true!   Montana needs Medicaid more than ever.  I spent my career working for MT.LegalServices.  MediCaid saved sooo many people.
We get it that you don't like Obamacare, but tell us how your plan is going to help?
You are LYING about the ACA.  Lying= GOP!!
It's been a lifesaving vehicle for people; do you think you are fooling us?  You choose TAXES over PEOPLE at every turn.  ACA is NOT FAILING
Actually, the statistics on Montanans gaining access who wouldn't without ACA proves you completely wrong. No 2020 reelection for you.
That is just plain not true.  You can try to manipulate the data, but if you take our healthcare, we take your job. Educate yourself folks!
Think carefully... you represent all of us not just republicans....be cautious do not be a follower. Vote respectfully, Sir.
doctors in rural Montana will tell you ACA has saved lives in Montana. taking it away will devastate families. You are a fraud.
I started a small business in Montana thanks to ACA and knowledge that I can get insurance despite pre-existing conditions
The people don't seem to think so.
I had #Obamacare two years after grad school while waiting tables and for my first year at a consulting firm. Repeal will stifle economy.
85,000-90,000 Montanans set to lose coverage under last PUBLIC version of bill. That's the disaster!
Working at Shodair, I see hundreds of children who benefit from #ACA. You're either evil or willfully ignorant.
The ACA has saved me twice and my unborn child once. And now that we both have preexisting conditions, we need it even more.
If Obamacare is such a disaster why did you guys write in a provision that Congress & their families & staff get to keep it?

wined and dined and bought! Shameful!
That's a lie, Steve, a flat out lie.  It has helped a lot of Montana families, and you are trying to take it away.
And you're there to help fix it.
You have been a disaster for Montana families. You vote like a corporate shill.
Why don't you have a real town hall to hear from your constituents before you vote....what are you afraid of??????
Tell that to the thousands that have coverage or the thousands that will have no coverage if Trumpcare becomes law.  You will be out in 2020
Not this MT family! As I've told your staff many times we were able to get ins. for my son that wouldn't bankrupt us ONLY after the ACA.
13 billion on a warship but you say single payer isn't doable. U are a terrorist. The military should take u out asap. Democracy is at stake
You and our disgusting #NotMyPresident are a disaster for Montana. The ACA saves lives. You are trying to kill people  to line your pockets.
Yeah that's a lie. You are an utter and complete liar. You cannot tell me you are a Christian with that lying tongue.
You know better than all of these? No. Now it's just greed. Jesus help you because I will be doing all I can to get you out of office!
Quit the attempts to validate your selling your soul to the devil and quit hiding from the voices you actually represent.
Unless you have a preexisting condition...then it's been the best thing to ever happen. You suck so bad.
2 - you had 7 years to come up with something. You failed. Republicans can't accomplish what you say you want to. Fix the ACA.
Weird... because I know so so many families that have healthcare because of Obamacare.
1 "He said he is hearing from Montanans that they want a plan that has lower premiums, covers pre-existing conditions and protects Medicaid"
Have you asked any Montanans?
ACA has allowed me as a freelance software engineer to actually have insurance I pay for 100%.
Saving lives, preventing bankruptcy and improving the economy is not the usual definition of a disaster
Repealing Obamacare will be an even bigger disaster for Montana families, but it's not like you really care.
If it is such a disaster, why are you keeping it for yourself while ripping it away from everyone else?
Work across the aisle and hear your constituents ask you to #dobetter
This isn't true. #mtpol
#nodaines2020 Voting to leave your constituents without healthcare, costing 10,000 healthcare jobs, YOU need to be replaced
Nobody likes TrumpCare, it's a total disaster. That's why it has a 15% approval rating.
My sister got insurance after losing coverage thru job. Not possible w/o ACA. Pneumonia bout could have killed her.
Not sure how my family was ruined by that. We like her.
Please vote to repeal yourself.
luar
Cannot wait for the day we can make Montana great again, without you!!
You are one of the worst that will not be re-elected. Promise!!
'Obamacare has been a disaster for Montana families' - Steve Alt-Reality Daines & the Grinch
To make this statement and have hundreds of replies arguing the opposite point . 
Medicaid allowed my 88 y mother with dementia to live safely without forcing me to quit working to care for her
Wow @SteveDaines reading these tweets must make you nervous.  People are PISSED!!! How's that voting party line working 4 you? #nodaines2020
How so?
You are out if touch with what the majority of people want
You are on the wrong side, Steve. Hold some town halls. No really. Do it.
Will your vote to Repeal / Replace ACA protect this 63 year old Montanan w/ Pre-Existing Condition & paying $1,800 Mo. for Health Insurance?
CORRECTION  Sen. Daines has been a disaster for MT.  Where does your bible say honor the rich and despise the poor?
You are a disaster for Montana families. Who will be there to vote for you when we are all sick or dead?
Mr Daines:  it is you and your ilk that has been the disaster.  Hope that corporate palm-greasing sits well with your conscience.
Haven't seen the disaster - only the people it has helped.  Please put your constituents over your love of the republican party
No, Steve, it's you that have been the disaster for Montana.
Why is me getting to live such a great offense to you, why are you taking my future especially with my son LIVID does not even come close
I depend on access to coverage to afford my infusions I get at the Cancer Center every 6 weeks TO LIVE, you took that away from me & family
Since you are choosing GOP over Montanan's how about I send the bill for my treats I HAVE TO HAVE every 6 weeks to LIVE they are $30k EACH!
Bullshit Steve. you haven't been holding live town halls.  We folks out here are mad as hell and you don't get it patriotism or Politics?
actually, it hasn't, hth
Read the comments here, Steve.  Story after story of people HELPED by the ACA.  What's to become of them??
Based on comments seems you're wrong & just spouting Trumps BS. #NoReElection for supporting the devastation of Montana families
Proof?
Just the opposite for this MT family. Our health coverage & bottom line has improved because of the ACA. #mtpol #aca
Ask the 70K families in MT who have insurance due to the ACA how they feel. You'd learn sth if you actually held a public town hall #mtpol
Not for us. ACA protects my kids with asthma from ins. company discrimination, covers our preventative care, and more. Please listen to us.
Schedule a meeting with @SenatorTester. Jon can fill you in on Montana family healthcare needs. You've lost touch with Montana families.
Your are the diaster by wanting to take healthcare away ftom so.many people.   What is wrong with you.
The ACA is the only reason my daughter and I are alive today. 

Repealing the ACA would be tantamount to murder. #SaveACA
T-rumpcare is so much worse. You are so out of touch with your State.
@SteveDaines  doesn't care about MT people. He has insurance and doesn't care who doesn't. Steve Daines cares about Steve Daines!
Not according to the stories I've been hearing. Maybe if you'd show up for an actual in-person town hall, you'd hear some other stories.
Yes, we are so wacky that we want access to healthcare for EVERYbody, not just rich people. Wacky.
And also, because it's his JOB.
You're incorrect Steve.  We have pre-existing conditions.  It's been a godsend.
Someone point to a substantive statement by @SteveDaines , in this article or anywhere, or an original thought that added to the HC debate.
@SteveDaines has been a disaster for Montana.
Hospitals love the $12k deductibles straight to collection and more money to them for the write offs. While you keep paying
Dude, even hospitals hate the call to repeal/replace.
I beg to differ  Fix it please
No, it hasn't!   Republican attempts to dismantle it are the problem.  Improve, don't replace!!!!
There's something wrong w/ our system when 1 feckless pol from a state w/ ~1MM people can revoke health coverage for 32MM people. #mtpol
& defend his ideological position by pointing to 56% MT support 4 @POTUS , who appears 2 know as much about the issue as a doorknob. #mtpol
What about the ones whose lives were saved? I guess you have no plans to ever look them in the eye and say this to their faces.
Any numbers to back that up or are you just blowing smoke like your best buds, @vp and @realdonaldtrump?
when assholes believe their better than the American tax payer by not having ACA as their coverage. eye for eye protect ur family ur choice
I am asking that you take your time with my healthcare sir. Please don't vote it away. Or I vote you away.
Maybe we could meet and discuss in person? Maybe you could explain how spending more to cover less people is better? 
Or why every proposed plan has a section that excludes congressmen and staff.   Why can't you get the same coverage that you vote for us?
Great point! If it is so awful, why are they keeping it for themselves?
Tell me how your government health care is working for you? I know I won't get a reply because you can't even hold a town hall in Montana
Sounds like @SenToomey here in PA.
I'm with you Senator, 100%.
Have you spoken with the rural hospitals or MHA, Senator?  I don't think so.Don't be a sheep- think for yourself & listen to constituents.
this tweet wont go over well with the folks in MT.
You are a disaster to Montanans.  Voting to take away access to care is revolting.  You only care about yourself. 

GOP= Greed Over People
Obamacare has been a disaster for @SteveDaines  and @GregForMontana taxes. I dont remember premiums going down when it was a "free market"
As a Montanan and a nurse serving Montana families, I beg to differ.
ACA literally saved my life.
Steve, what did you vote for today? Did you study the bill before voting yes? Talk with any constituents?
You've been a disaster for Montana families.
It's been a godsend for my family.  You just lost my vote, Steve
Repeal
You are wrong on this, Mr Daines.
Well it will be worse with out something Steve the rural hospitals start close that on u
Thank you for all you do
.@SteveDaines As a Montanan, I disagree. It has insured tens of thousands...including me. Ask the real people, not the vested interests!
No it hasn't.
2020 #Guilty50
You're wrong, you're lying, the GOP plan is murder. But okay, sure.
Obamacare was a LIFESAVER for my daughter who has type 1 diabetes!
Which health care bill are you reading?
Or is that just wishful thinking?
not for me; it saved my life. But I guess you're more interested in seeing people die. Sad.
Good grief you're the worst.
You are so clueless. You know what? Go put on your knee pads and get back to sucking [up] to @realDonaldTrump because you're not worth it.
Cool. So maybe let some #Montanans know what the plan is? Ya know, a wink & a nudge & your top secret plan to protect #Medicaid.
A man of your good taste and breeding oughtn't lower himself to that kind of language.
You- @SteveDaines have been a disaster for Montana families. Don't kid yourself.
By “Obamacare” do you mean “My term”?
Says who!
