If you want to reduce abortion increase funding for comprehensive sex education, contraception and family planning like Planned Parenthood
Planned parenthood is only abortion. Are you a turtle?
Abortion is 3% of what they do, 9% cancer screening, 11% womens health services, 34% contraception, 42% STI/STD screening/treatment 1% other
Abortion is 97% of what they do I've been there  they don't even offer mammograms
And gosh if it's 97% abortion I wonder what you were there for
Accompanying a friend -  btw. I am pro choice
If you believe in choice then it seems strange for you to demonize PP because they allow women to consider all choices.
If it's the woman's choice it should also be her responsibility to pay for it. My choices are my responsibility.
If life is winning, so you say, then universal healthcare is the answer, don't you think?
What is wrong with you? This is a free country take care of yourself don't expect the government to do it. You're in the wrong country
From your mouth to Gods ears! I'll pray for your teeny tiny heart!
My teeny tiny heart has done more for my fellow countrymen than you could ever imagine. What have you done?
20 yr caregiver to quad husband, donate $100's of dollars monthly, talk with representatives, protest, & pray. Ok teeny?
I've taken the homeless and abused children into my home for 30 years. Because I wanted too.  I don't have time to protest and bellyache
Your mean spirited. We can keep insulting each other. I hope you treated those people with love & kindness.
I mean spirited? I don't think so. just don't want others to take care of me and mine I do that on my own. I don't take and I don't expect
Hypocrite! Life does not end after birth. You don't care if children have food, housing, education, quality healthcare.
I assure you all of my children have been fed housed educated and have quality healthcare I did that not the government. My responsibility
Not all people have the same opportunities that you had. Ask people from Appalachia.
I've been to Appalachia with both my time and my money what have you done
I am a taxpayer. I prefer taxes are used to help poor people, not the ultra rich who is going to benefit with ACA repeal.
Then take the taxes you'll save and help poor people
You are joke. Taxpayers are screwed for corrupted politicians taking away healthcare to 26 millions, who will die early.
I don't know that anyone has lost any healthcare. So what in the world are you talking about
I stand with Planned Parenthood
Go stand there then - you can because your mother didn't go there
Thanks for the fear and hate you guys have. I can't believe this crap is happening. The last 8 years were the best America will ever be.
Quit pretending that you care about the lives of people while simultaneously not guaranteeing healthcare coverage for millions of them!
Because the government needs to take care of all of our needs right? Grow up take care of yourself and your fellow citizens
I suppose you would prefer that people die while the government lines their greedy little pockets.
U support war & militarization & the death penalty, oppose social programs 4 our nations poor & oppose the ACA. U, sir, are NOT PRO-life
Simple ideas being vomited from a simple mind. Just because you can't put 2&2 together to get 4 dosent mean everybody else can't.
I couldn't agree more. Hopefully we won't go the full four years.
You are supposed to represent everyone which includes those of us think women have their own right to determine what's best for them
#IStandWithPP
Oh please, don't claim to be on the side of life when Trumpcare will deny healthcare to millions.
You can give every penny you've got to whoever you feel needs it. Do that it would be more beneficial
Volunteered from names I got to my church to help the elderly with meals and housing, hand money to everyone with a sign- I do what I can
donated cars and phones,I contribute to worthy causes.I am an American I support my military. Its a shame that you would have to ask/compare
Pro life, but screw them once they're born. Did I get that right?
if they're disabled, even BEFORE they're born. how many people are going to choose to abort because they can't afford?
You are not Pro-Life you're a self righteous ideologue who hates the poor and loves himself.
You aren't pro-life. You're healthcare bill denies coverage to people with pre-existing conditions like cancer and PTSD. You're monsters.
Cutting programs for the needy is not Pro Life.  So many have been cut at the blink of an eye.  Seriously??  Funding for abused women cut
People die without healthcare. That's not pro-life.
Call it what it is pro-fetus not pro-life. How many babies will you kill because their parents can't afford healthcare and food? Shameful
You're not a Christian.
If you believe in pro-life that means all life. That you support ALL LIFE!
Liar!!Your not pro-life, because otherwise you wouldn't be trying to kill millions with your Trumpcare. You are a hypocrite.
uhh... except if poor or middle class life gets sick... then you rather they go bankrupt and die. Tell me again, how is that winning?

Siempre Excelencia Pensé, estábamos  destinado a ganar...
You are killing Americans by removing their health coverage. There is no life here, only your thoughts and prayers
Pro-life as long as you aren't born. The complete hypocrisy of these forced-birth anti-women #SoCalledChristians blows the mind.
<3
Life is winning in America because the Resistance will see you all removed.
No it's just America getting to see resistance looks like someone dropped there pacifier
Pro-birth.
Forced-birth.
Too bad the @GOP majority just agreed to use our tax dollars to fund the slaughter of countless more innocent babies
The government does not fund abortions. Get your facts straight
And if a rock hit you on the head causing you to learn the truth,that every non-drone has known for 8 years-would it make a difference?
A righteous man hateth lying: but a wicked man is loathsome and cometh to shame. I infer that you hate your job, or will come to shame!
It's good to say" adios" to this kind of liberalism.
Yes, never let the self-righteousness of being "pro-life" interfere with the vindictiveness of killing poor kids for tax cuts! #Trumpcare
Killing kids? What is wrong with you?
Charlie Sheen was also #winning until he wasn't. Will Americans be #winning w/o #ACA #healthcare? W/o #trump taxes in daylight? #TrumpRussia
Yes especially the middle class who's been paying for your lazy assess the last 8 years.
Remember Roe v. Wade? Me too.
#PenceSucksToo
Remember how Rowe became a Pro Life Activist and regretted everything about that trial?
She was right the first time.
Except she actually did research and realized the err of her ways.
A woman should be able to choose. Anything that affects her alone. When a child can live, and someone wants to kill it, that isnt vital.
Only propaganda, cruelty, and ignorance spread that "fact"
Cruel to force a child to term if it'll suffer debilitating illness, or if mother cant afford to raise it, or if pregnancy is result of rape
You are not pro-life, you are pro-birth. You don't give a damn after they are born, nor do you care about pregnant women. Deplorable.
...is this a bit?

How are you pro-life?  Your Health bill strips out all protections for women who are pregnant (Prenatal care, post-par tum depression, etc)
Yes yes Amen!
Pro life until they are born. You don't give a  after they're born
Pro-life? Wrong. After the AHCA the GOP is a death cult.
Unless you're poor, old, a child, are born with a medical condition, pregnant.....
Is there something wrong with you?
KEEP YOUR RELIGIOUS VIEWS OUT OF MY HEALTHCARE DECISIONS! 
YOU MAKE YOUR CHOICE...I'LL MAKE MINE #PROCHOICE
right wing Christian zealots YUGE problem in US
They're Pro-BIRTH NOT pro-LIFE. Repukes don't care about the lives of the American people, born or unborn!
This administration is a mess!  I have never been more worried in my life.
Pence you are a joke with your Conservative Christian beliefs!! Stop using the bible out of context to fit your needs!!!
You're pure evil!
Yes, you're very pro-life, as long as that life is a rich white man.
What you do to the least among us, you do unto me.  Your glee in the AHCA today, shows your hypocrisy in spades.
PENCE HAS THE SENCE
Says the man that sends thousands to their death every day in wars.  Or babies that don't deserve health care.
Pro-life and prayers... but the living needing healthcare? They're fucked.
Don't force YOUR damn views down our throat!
You are not pro-life. You just support the ACHA. 1/3 of Alabamians have pre-existing conditions.
Being "pro life" means supporting life and health across the lifespan.  How can you claim this and support the care bill that passed today?
You are a hypocritic!  Shame on you and mother
Wow, you are delusional. Govt should not be led by religion...have we not learned from history?
How dare you all sully the reputation of Susan B. Anthony by pretending she was pro-life? She championed women’s rights. You don’t. #SBAgala
Define "Life" cause you sure don't mean most of the American population!
What you monsters are doing to America is utterly horrifying.  Biggest epic fail of an administration of a first world country in history.
So sorry to hear this is all you see.
keep your hands off my body.
More confusion; u mean "controlling women's bodies" is winning #RoguePalace #liars #antichoice #masa #therealdonaldtrump #thefakemikepence
you're pro birth, let's be honest here. The second those babies are born, fuck em right? Because that's what Jesus would want...right?
life is losing in America because of greedy killing trash running r government
You are not pro-life. You are pro-birth & anti-women's rights. Once born you don't care!
after there born is when you stop caring.
Life in America is dying, murdered by your ignorance & incompetence. Do not call yourself a Christian or a man of God.
God Blessed America
No, birth is winning. Based on your crap healthcare bill, lives will be lost. #Trumpcare
There is no winning for the poor when their housing and meals have been taken away! I'm disabled and I'll be on the street!
An UNWANTED pregnancy is tragic.An UNPLANNED pregnancy is overwhelming. BUT BABY IS INNOCENT!
Society must do better.
4compassion & WISDOM
While Iagree an UPP is overwhelming
Never a Tragedy
Children R a Gift from God
They just have 2find the Right Recipient of Their Gift
#Adopt
#heartlessbastard
click the photo to read the rest- when will these innocent men be treated FAIRLY????????
amazing how much more you care about a fetus than an actual living breathing child in need of life saving health care
When did Christianity become a path to screw over everyone who isn't a Christian? Love thy neighbor, don't take our rights away.
winning ?? Is that when you take the health insurance from the poor/sick ? What is inspiring is to know it will only take 4yra till ur gone

It's morally questionable to vote on something without knowing its cost or consequences. http://www.npr.org/2017/05/04/526854352/gop-expected-to-pass-its-health-care-bill-at-long-last-but-still-a-long-way-to-g?utm_source=facebook.com&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=npr&utm_term=nprnews&utm_content=20170504 …
Stop calling them pro life. They are pro birth. They could care less about a child after it is born. Your healthcare plan proves that.
stop singing your personal agenda BS!! American is about freedoms, not the lack of them!! True democracy is respecting others choices
Life is losing in America if that terrible #AHCA v.2.0 passes
Abortions will not slow down. How about widespread contraceptives&comprehensive sex ed in school? Things that HELP. Not just a religious fit
do you squint your eyes so much so you can avoid making eye contact with REAL AMERICANS that ATTEMPT to depend on you? #openyoureyes
You can hate your neighbor, refuse to care for the sick, fail to feed the hungry, as long as you get together & pray once a year on tv.
Why do others think they have the right to decide/judge what a woman does with her body? It is a personal choice, not yours to make.
so no more death penalties in the US? Nice!
@SecondLady your religious rabel rousing is repulsive. Separation of church and state - look it up.
you mean pro-forced birth. you don't give two shits about people until after they're born. #StandWithPP
AMEN!
So you LIED  & told them the ACA pays for abortions. Which it doesn't. LIED. Amazing.
You are trying to pass a massive anti-life bill.
Anti-abortion is not pro-life
Thank God and thank you all for fighting and winning for the unborn who cannot speak!
Right! Thank God! We sane stick together! God bless all of you!
Save our children, save our children. Would be good to save the ones who are 4 and 5 taken away from loving parents too!
We need to get religion and fanaticism out of government. FREEDOM AND CHOICE.
@realDonaldTrump @potus @vp @WhiteHouse 
Make America great again.
Respectfully, please resign.
But of course, once they're born, they're on their own, huh?
Republicans will be cutting off health care access for tens of millions of Americans. Pro-life my ass!
Yet you want to stop healthcare coverage for many children.  Once they're born the prolifers don't care. Typical.
You cannot claim to be pro-life when you are looking to cut off health insurance access for 25 million Americans, fake Christian stooge

It's Christian SUPREMACY.  Don't let them spin it as"religious liberty" They blv OUR constitutional liberties derive fr THEIR gay-hating God 
Except hey let's bring them into this world but strip all services once they get here
Your health plan is going to be a death sentence to many. Life extends beyond the womb. You are "Pro-life (TM)"
Smaller government = controlling women's bodies and rights to you people. Hypocrisy level = expert.
There you go, lying again. Not even remotely true.
Great job sir... Keep going
amazing- the only medical procedure ever politicized just happens to control women!
Abort all Republican births. Make America Great Again. Republican free.
You are a hypocritical pro-birthet who does not support those in life that may need a hand up or help with healthcare.
Pro life to me means the government should ensure more funds go to childhood cancer research #morethan4
..you should be ashamed of yourselves....anti women's rights.....save your prayers...

On #nationaldayofprayer take a minute and pray for those who are fighting battles against illnesses.

#VoteNoAHCA #voteno on repealing #ACA 
What should we do with all of the sperm we're rescuing? #Mikepenceisnotgay
I sometimes wonder how you will be able to archive any tweets at all. Will you filter the responses to only show those who agree?
Future historians will wonder why only six people out of millions bothered to respond to you, @VP and why they all had almost same icon.
I suspect, despite their claims, they're not all grandma's, Christian, raising vets, and loving Trump. That's just what you ordered.
Right up until they're born. Then the rethuglikklans collectively say "fuck'em". what hypocrites.
Also because we keep all the Honduran five year old children with pending refugee status out. Life is for fetuses. As long as their mothers
Have health insurance. I seriously think you must weep every night for the man you've become. Don't know how else you could live.
Tell that to Arkansas citizens. They are exterminating them based on an expiration date.
Pro life just wants more poor uneducated workers to milk so they may dine at mar a lago and buy another yacht
And the hypocrisy of these uber rich religious zealots is so ugly and nasty
Life, liberty, and happiness are losing in America because of the fear, cowardice, and hate of your pro-birth, anti-life community.
It's going to be so hilarious when they find your gay lover.
How many will you adopt?
Thank you
What becomes of those babies after they're born and not wanted, needed, or planned?  Ignored, neglected, abused, and forgotten.  Shameful.
well, until they are born then we don't give a toss
#PrayForImpeachment Save our country and souls from this immoral president and administration. #nationaldayofprayer
Maybe you should stop ejaculating too. You're destroying potential for life.
What about those who want freedom to choose?!! Stop your oppression! You don't value freedom and dignity.
R u going to care for them after birth or ignore them as usual? Your imposition of religious values on others is ISIS w/o the violence.
Of course you are Pro-Life. Under new ACHA, Pregnancy is existing condition. Which means more babies=$$$ to your pockets. #CashCowBabies
Nothing is winning in the US right now.
No life is not winning! Your health care bill will kill people!
planned parenthood(the eugenic organization) got full funding. how is that pro-life compatible?
Your blantant mixing of religious views and politics is unconstitutional.
Yep Yep!
Yet you are going to take lunch and healthcare away from children already here.  I'm praying that your head can be removed from your butt
the vast majority of this country is pro-woman, pro-choice.  Do NOT legislate YOUR religious convictions on US.
I HIGHLY APPRECIATE THE EXCELLENT LEADERSHIP OF PERFORMANCE OF THIS GREAT AND BRIGHTEST US VICE-PRESIDENT
Stop with your platitudes Pence! What else do you do all day except tweet and travel? Great job!
Awesome
Yeah right, all their kids be like...
Unless you are already alive then you dont give a shit.
I oppose you and your politics
Despicable. Not your choice what a woman does with her body. That's between her and her God (if God exists), not you.
