U have no compassion or empathy. U'd rather see us lose our homes from financial ruin, or die from lack of healthcare than stand up to GOP.
You libs are just nasty and evil.  Get a life.
Why is she mean & nasty for calling out the Senator who is stripping healthcare from millions?  And yes- we want a life. That's the point.
I mean... we must be mean and nasty for pointing out actual facts or something?
No, you're mean and nasty for lying and attacking those you disagree with.
Aw, you just don't like it cuz a black president was smarter & so much more popular than Trump. Everything he wants to be but never will be.
LOL.  No.
Thanks for throwing my son with Type 1 Diabetes under the bus with your vote.  #shameondaines
Why won't you publish the counts on how many people have called you for or against this.
Call his office and ask. They will tell you. Told me most people asked him to vote against DeVos.
They wouldn't tell me.
We both know what that means.
You mean it's time we limited that debate to 20 hours, right? You don't even know what you're debating but you're limiting it to 20 hours.
You're such a sleaze.
THANK YOU @SteveDaines!!!! Thankful you are there to represent TRUE MONTANANS!!
Who is a TRUE Montanan? R they truthful?   Or r they just provincial and easily grifted?
TRUE MONTANANS ARE TRUTHFUL, GOD FEARING, AMERICA LOVING PEOPLE. WE WORK HARD AND RESPECT OUR LEADERS.
If you think this won't have an impact on your employer provided healthcare...better think again. ACA rules impact employers. Get a clue!
And for more bad news... https://twitter.com/mtjanene1/status/889919482319319040 …
We just keep "winning"
Yea- at least we see it. Not a good time to be naive. I don't think ignorance=bliss will work this time.
Oh mtmommie Thou shall not kill- kindof way up there in Christian values, by all means twt abt being TRUE 2 a politician who will repeal HC
you're so predictable
I do not know who will challenge you in the election, but I will support them. My dog would be better for Montana. He likes people.
Willing to vote on a bill without a CBO score...stop playing politics with peoples' lives. Dangerous irresponsibility. #shameondaines
1,196 days left. #stillcountingdowntoyourlastday
because the poor don't need to have health care right?
You can start packing your bags. You will be voted out by so many Montanans whom you have betrayed. Traitor
I do believe you just lost your job, enjoy the ride while you can.  
Please vote NO to actually repeal. Make the world better, not worse.
Sold your soul to a capitulating party of rich white guys. Are you also in favor of the #transban too? What a guy!!!
Please don't repeal aca, don't gut medicaid. #registeredvoter
I've read about 25 replies to your tweet & not one supports your vote. You're a representative for the people of MT & you failed us today.
#Boo. Montana's mothers need healthcare. We can't afford to let out prenatal care lapse. This is a shot to the heart of Montana.
You also voted yes on the repeal. What do we need to do to get you to represent MT and not the GOP leadership?
A comprehensive plan to replace the ACA fell far short of the votes it needed in the Senate. How each senator voted: http://nyti.ms/2tYurcL 
You have no moral compass. Taking healthcare from tens of thousands of Montanans? Certainly not a Christian.
If you support women, if you support life, if you had an ounce of compassion, you would vote to keep health care, not matter the cost.
He's a convienent Christian.
Get help.
TNX YOU!
What a collosal waste of time. @SteveDaines is a #TrumpRepublican through and through. This is his legacy.
Start over then. The senate should be working on making health care better not worse.  I've seen the CBO report & Hospital orgs responses.
Serving the people of MT? How are your calls trending on healthcare?  Why doesn't your staff know? Why won't you listen to us ?
Have you even seen the bill? You are blindly voting yes for something you haven't seen. 

Welcome to 1984

Enjoy your #FinalTerm
I am glad for the debate. Please keep #access & #ruralhealth in mind as the debate and voting go forward. #montanans need #healthcare.
Pathetic
Enjoy the last of your tenure as senator, Steve. In 2020, you are OUT!!
Who are you representing?
vote yes- and then watch Americans dismantle @gop. Foreshadow: HC will be straw that destroys your lying, corrupt sh*t party.
You're an embarrassment.
He's nothing more than a low-life coward...regular cowards are probably embarrassed by him as well.
Listen to your constituents instead of hiding from them! Repeal and replace is BAD for Montanans!
No.  It's not... Well,  the replace part is, but full repeal is proper and necessary.  Clinging to your obamacare delusions is asinine.
You obviously don't depend on the ACA to live and not go bankrupt
No one does.  No one.
I do.
The U.S. Senate just voted against the recommendations of @AMA, @AARP, @ANANursingWorld, and 7,000 nuns. Ur in over your head steve.
If my aunts cancer come back and she can't afford it, I'm sending you the funeral bill.
Thank you.  Can you call Sen Tester and talk horse sense to him? #ResistanceisRidiculous
I think Tester is too busy actually working. Ya know meeting with constituents.
I don't trust any process that was initiated by the Trump administration.  Vote "No".   You should be suspect too.  Trump destroys all.
The #ACA has helped my #Montana family tremendously. You are not #ProLife & you chose party over the  People. You're part of the problem.
I say repeal and replace #mtpol Let the states manage their Medicaid on their own.
Well, I wish you hadn't.
Thanks for knowing what you voted for apparently Tester did not. Thanks for all you do.
You promised to: 1. Lower Premiums. 2. Take care of prexisting conds 3.  Protect Medicaid.  This bill is 0/3.
Did you happen to see the open letter published in the GF trib? If you won't listen to your lay constituents at least listen to the EXPERTS!
You are not even replacing. You are just stripping healthcare from millions and some will die or go so far into debt...maybe fix it instead
Boooooooooo!!!
Remember me when I'm no longer able to work because my medication has been taken away.
Remember to protect Montanans, the USA, and the constitution. Not your party. Not just your campaign donors. Not Trump.
You can debate, but unless you have a better health care plan than ACA you better vote NO for the people of Montana.
That vote deserves a big fat #BoyScoutsBoo from one of your Montana constituents
You don't even know what you are voting for so are only acting as a republican boot licker #nodaines2020
What a mess... Healthcare done in secret, and nobody likes the proposed plans. The senate is going to be a circus this week! #TrumpCare
How are you doing good by MT residents with this decision? Not representing my interests as someone w/  pre-existing condition.
You call yourself a Christian?  This is shameful!!
Sir, could you please just not? It feels more and more like you aren't even listening to all of your constituents.
THOUSANDS of Montanans have been calling your office after you asked for input.1 in 4 Montanans are on #Medicaid. Stand up for #Montana.
Disappointing!  you voted just like I thought you would. Now we have 1196 days until we can vote you out of office.  How can u sleep ?
Such a weak GOP puppet move Steve. Voting yes on a secret document with 0 public hearings.  Balls you need let women fix it
Let me quote your buddy DT, "I'm very disappointed" but it was expected. Hopefully you come back and actually listen to your constituents
Tell us how many calls you have gotten against and for this bill....Lack of leadership for Montanans
I feel betrayed. Your vote is an outrage, an assault on the health of every Montanan, every American.  You should resign.
Why don't you just work on improving the current system instead of throwing it in the garbage simply because it's democrat who created it?
Save your money dude, you are going to be out of work soon... #mtpol #repealandreplacedaines
The promise was to repeal! Then to allow the free market to provide insurance. GET GOVERNMENT out of the insurance business!
I want the same healthcare you and your family have.  How can you give any less than to your fellow Montanas
Well at least you're finally on record supporting the effort to eliminate health care from 1000s of your constituents! #montanadisgrace
How dare you. Healthcare is survival. You voted against Montanans' survival today. #mtpol
If you'dhave a REAL town hall, you'd know REAL Montanans are rightfully fearful for their ability to survive after your vote today #mtpol
Heartbroken. Today I learned my Senator literally doesn't care whether me and my loved ones die as a result of his vote. #mtpol
You do not represent the values of the people or the state that elected you. Trust me, I won't forget this
A despicable decision.
You should start working for Montanans!!! I will be voting against you!
More than 240K low wage, elderly, disabled & children in MT rely on Medicaid + rural hospitals. ACA repeal cruel & costly.
amazing what happens when your up for election.
No surprise here!
This bill is bad for honest, hard-working Montanans. Please listen to your constituents on this issue.
I'm voting YES for your next opponent!!
What? No inane selfie of you voting "yes"? #SelfieSteveDaines #mtpol
Thank you!!!!
You must not like your job. Cause you are sure doing everything you can to loose it! #nodaines2020
THANK YOU!!!!
Dirtbag
Too bad there is not a replace in place.  Shame on you.  You are not looking out for Montanans.  Enjoy your tax payer funded health care
But we Montanans, real ones not the ones like you , disagree.
You are a coward, afraid to see your constituents in person, won't divulge you are receiving overwhelming amount of calls against this bill.
Repeal the monstrosity and go back to pre-Obama care!
Obeying your corporate masters and ignoring your constituents' best interests. No surprise. #nodaimes2020
It's a shame the left is acting like spoiled children.
then make a decision to care for people. Don't allow threats and bullying to control your decision
Any of the healthcare proposals are bad for Montana. Very disappointed but not surprised
And you say you are a man of faith. I don't know how you sleep at night.
This is not a surprise. Yet again, you aligned with party over your constituents. Who will not forget in 2018.
Glad you're voting on something about which you're totally uninformed! It's truly the American way. #GOP
You should author a Proposal to remove current health insurance plan for all in Congress & subject to same laws as you will be voting for.
Partisan hack
We will vote you out!
Single payer please.
Kiss your political career good bye. I will campaign against you next election.
You need to be repealed and replaced
Not voting for you anytime soon. Boo!
We the people of Montana will be voting you OUT of office in 2020. I'm sure you'll have gainful employment lobbying for special interests.
You are putting politics before peoples' health & well-being. Shame on you for not listening to or representing your constituents.
Next time you're back in the state, maybe go tour a rural clinic like the ones that will close when you gut Medicaid.
This is wrong on so many levels and not right for Montana's
Cool! Haven't seen a good Republican circus since, like, this morning! #mtpol
Will be interesting 2 hear ur arguments supporting whichever enormously unpopular bill @SenateMajLdr allows u 2 debate. #mtpol
Of course you are because you have no idea what your constituents want or need because of your utter failure to listen to them #failure2rep
You should be ashamed of yourself.
Steve, hold a townhall so you can see how your constituents feel about you taking away their healthcare.
But you won't debate. @SenateMajLdr is a liar. It will be one sided.
have you no shame. no sense of decency?  none?
And I will vote accordingly when you are up for reelection.  Except I'll know exactly what I'm voting on.  #peopleoverpoliticalparty
Are you happy with your tax funded insurance coverage, Senator?
Very discouraging. You lost my vote.
Until republicans agree to listen and work in a bipartisan fashion and another plan is presented, don't screw with our healthcare
Disappointing. There is no final text to base your vote on.
What a reckless and morally indefensible vote, Steve (self-proclaimed Christian). Develop the damned replacement first.
Your legacy: the senator who wouldn't face constituents he stripped healthcare from. Cruel and cowardly. 2020 can't come soon enough.
Every report concludes your "healthcare" will cause thousands of deaths. You, proceeding with that knowledge is despicable. #WheresDaines
One thing... PLEASE read the bill
I surely hope you won't vote for the pork-laden bailout bill that leaves most of Obamacare intact... Vote with Rand Paul, please!
On behalf of ALL Montanans, that is a horrible decision.  Do you even know why you will vote yes? My guess is probably not. Sad.
You know this is not in Montanans best interest. Stop hiding behind money and power and meet with your constituents face to face.
Single payer or give us your type of health care hypocrite.
Awful
Wouldn't that debate require you to have something to talk about in the "replace" category?  Or is this as disingenuous as it sounds.
You don't even know what you're voting for.
Debate what? A mystery bill? There is no plan for replacement that provides better care or cheaper coverage. Shame on you Senator!
I have lost all confidence in your ability to represent the interests of Montana. You purposefully ignore the desires of your constituents.
Shame on you!!
Vote NO quit beating a dead horse. Keep ACA and fix it.
You are doing the wrong thing.  Party vote.  Listen to your constituents!  Hold a damn town hall and you would know This!  Smh..
Do you even know what the bill says? You knew all long you would vote for it. Just want to keep your job not help Mt. Folks
And he really doesn't care for those who didn't vote for him....sounds like another very unpopular public servant in DC.
Very disappointed in your decision.
Bought and paid for- you sir are a disgrace, an embarrassment to MT, and I am sadly not surprised
You'll be receiving calls from me daily so you can hear my story of fighting 2 diseases and I'm an ARMY VET!

Can you please send me a link to the language of the replacement?

In 2009, McConnell *literally* said this: “We shouldn’t rush again on something as important & costly as health care.” Is it not true today? 
you suck, steve.
