Do you realize how illogical this statement is?
Smugness & insincerity is everything I’m looking for in a representative. Grow up and do your job! #mtpol
Ideas evolve. Sometimes people evolve (except you, stuck in 1950s mentality). Deal with complexity of issue & stop appeal to simpletons!
We all know that answer, the cost would cripple this nation. Gov. Healthcare would drown our economy. We may never recover if it were law.
It's "Democratic." Grow up.
Because they weren't feeding your trolling
Probably because it would make health care inaccessible to so many Americans.
Back to this old craven political trick of yours???  Not only are you a craven, cynical politician but one that is merely a lapdog!
If you want bipartisan support then the GOP needs to include both parties on drafting a bill.  It is not rocket science
Perhaps because they knew it was a bill introduced as a stunt. Exactly why did you introduce it?
Because bribes, er, campaign contributions from ins. & pharma bought them & now buy YOU. We WANT medicareforall, Steve. Give back the bribes
Vote NO on Trumpcare version 4.0 Graham Cassidy Block Grant crap. Vote NO, Steve. You claim to be a Christian, help us get CARE, not access.
Hey @SteveDaines why haven't you rejected Graham-Cassidy? It is not beneficial to Montanans and thousands will lose healthcare
Sen., the terrible bill you supported would have harmed Montanans, and millions of Americans. Stop wasting time.
They didn't realize how much popular support it has.
Here is the real @GOP.
He voted against this "bill" because it isn't for he people. Period. And neither are you @SteveDaines.
And just for good measure bc we know steve only watch FOX news- here's some truth. Nothing like pulling ppl from wheelchairs.
Perfect example of single payer is Canada, 289 day waiting period just for a MRI. Cancer or broken bones, your screwed!
Your Twitter bio says you serve the people of Montana, so why do you refuse to meet with them? #mtpol
Here's an idea stevo. Why don't you ask your state what they want and vote accordingly.
How are you helping our healthcare system? Stop blaming start helping. Stand up
Medicare is an extreme idea? Come on bro
He's embarrassing himself.
What a bozo. 2022 - you might as well just give it up, we're looking forward to someone who will actually represent their electorate.
What have YOU done to improve health care? NOTHING! Focus on your work.
Democrat is a noun. Democratic is an adjective.
This is the Limbaugh use of the word Democrat. I don’t think it’s a positive moniker... Enjoy! #mtpol
Yes, I think all know what they're doing w/ language. Ppl/press shld stop being complicit in the game tho. Right wing redefines many words.
It's not extreme for wanting everyone in this country to have healthcare. And you know Sanders has been pushing single payer for a long time
B/C they know U R not an honorable man & did it 2 grandstand
Geez, we could see from MT that it was ploy
Grow up Steve & learn how 2 govern
Sen. Daines: it might be because Republicans are messing health care up so bad, socialism is starting to look like a good idea to people.
Republicans blocked everything Obama?  You suck..Montana can do better
Why did @SteveDaines vote to repeal healthcare when his constituents told him not to? You're a liar sir and you're going to be voted out.
Cant wait for that day.
Because you introduced it at an inappropriate time without discussion or review. Some people believe such important topics need consensus
Why don't GOP Senators show us how great Graham Cassidy is by giving up their taxpayer-funded insurance and paying for their own insurance?
Can you name a major medical association that this bill was a good idea? Or anyone outside the GOP party? Does that tell you anytjing?!
Because of the crap you put in along side.  But you know that.  Game player.  Get to work and stop your divisiveness.
I dunno. Maybe b/c it was introduced by the court jester? Or b/c everyone always votes against your bills? #mtpol
Political presssure, that’s why. Not making a statement of for or against. Answering your rhetorical question.
Another perfect example of single payer health, The VA  @SenSanders which runs the oversight committee. NO SURPRISE THERE
: as I've mentioned a few times in your office (thanks for having me), gov't run care in Montana works...come by my office :)
Because you were pulling a transparently bullshit cynical maneuver and it was patently obvious that it was just a trap?
By the way.   In between political pot shots, Are you doing anything to help our brothers and sisters struggling in Puerto Rico?
Sometimes when I acted like an a-hole, Lumpy Rutherford would punch me in the head. You must not have a Lumpy in your life. Too bad. #mtpol
Ds put forth a compromise. That’s how the process works. It’s not a winner take all. You’re too new to understand that, I guess. #NoGames
Gee, Steve. I know you think you're funny but some take affordable HC seriously. Even more than high speed internet or flag burning. #mtpol
What does this mean?
still trying to cover for your pathetic amendment to the last epic ACA repeal failure? That was the lamest maneuver. Bigly
Steve, I think you're really getting some great feedback here. Have you thought of listening to your constituents? Novel concept, try it.
Dang. I meant "lots" not "lot's".
Your BS amendment was just that, BS. You are as awful as the current administration. You are a lousy humam being if you continue this way
Ok, I am laughing at my own typo. But, I think humam fits, maybe more than human.
Have you even considered listening to Jesus not the Koch brothers? I didn't think so.
maybe because the legislation is a POS? Just a wild guess
One of you thinks healthcare is a human right.  The other thinks it's a game (cough Daines cough).
Stop the petty grandstanding.  Please worry more about Montanans and less about scoring cheap political points.  This is middle school stuff
*cry cry* "the dems didn't fall for my stupid trick" --- Snowflake Daines
You coward!  Won't meet with your constituents, and voted YES to take away heathcare!  2020 isn't that far away!
THEY WERE TRYING TO BUILD A COMPROMISE UNLIKE TODAYS REPUBLICANS.  MEDICARE FOR ALL WOULD BE MUCH BETTER THAN WHAT WE HAVE NOW!
Because u & ur cronies plan only benefits you not ur fellow constituents your vote against Sandy and Harvey relief gives you no voice at all
I don't work across the aisle from them. You do. Reach across it, Senator.
Why don’t you let go of extreme ends of the spectrum on this issue and *work in a bipartisan way* to solve the problem!  Y’know, Old school!
Political grandstanding does not look good, even on you. Single payer, half the cost, better outcomes.
lol what happened to the bipartisan bill Americans are tired of U all get a clue fast
Have you considered asking some of them why it was they didn't vote for it? Maybe something other than extremism? #ReachAcrossTheAisle
We need to vote out @SenatorTester this stuff is crazy
