Behind you're dad 100% Ky coal miner.
And more black lung! It's good for business though. Screw the clean air eh? Just gatta make a buck. Why not grow marijana or do solar?
@M0riarty1 @c_clubb @PaulwMiracleJr1 @DonaldJTrumpJr @SteveDaines @GregForMontana Yes that's right DS, as long as it's not American lungs.
@M0riarty1 @c_clubb @PaulwMiracleJr1 @DonaldJTrumpJr @SteveDaines @GregForMontana-give up all technology technology then. It's costing jobs!
Trump can bring his businesses to US, hire the coal miners then! TRUMPS will never have flint MI water or bad air to breath. GoBillionaire!
After your visit #Montana will be unsuitable to enter for next 100 years.  It will need a cleaning!
What is the protocol for stopping this invasive species?
Awesome!! nice rainbow!!
Nice one
You like our fish? You have the EPA and MT conservationists to thank for it.
Or feel free to talk to Rex about how hard Exxon has worked to make that fish unsafe for you to eat. Sometimes failure is good.
How much did you pay to have a real fisherman catch it for you?
We'll remember the senator's name come election time.   #resist
Send a picture of the fish tail cut off. It sends the Liberals scrambling to there safe spaces
There should be their. Liberals can at least spell!
RESIST being a wise ass! It didnt bother anybody else but you snowflake!
 oh, you cut me to the quick. I'm so hurt! 
You are 5 libs and week late on "they are" I'll thank you as I did the others. Who knew left more interested in grammar than the message 
We just like to impress upon you how wrong you are on every level, even as basically as grammar.
I'll give you a brief life lesson from interogations BASICALLY is alert for a lie so deep inside you know hiLIARy was and todays libs are 
If you caught that with @SecretaryZinke newly approved lead tackle you probably don't want to eat it. #deregulationisdelicious
Thats  great! But you need to catch some hog bass here in florida!.
Hope you packed your lead tackle.  It's legal thanks to your dad and yes-man @SecretaryZinke Bringing Flint's water quality to wild places.
Nice, but mine from today is bigger..
Oh, my - now I'm really jealous!  My hubby and I used to fly fish in Wyoming, Alaska and Minnesota for many years. Now we are in Texas.
Can't eat the fish anyway. It's all polluted & looks like it's won't be getting better! Life is now a true party! No rules!! Fries in Mobil!
Most trout fishing I know of is Catch and Release so it's not about eating them.  It's about the fun of catching one now and then.
@judiloveslife @c_clubb @DonaldJTrumpJr @SteveDaines @GregForMontana yes it's fun to rip out a hook, & let them suffocate out of the water.
You certainly don't know anything about fly fishing techniques or about people who fly fish. Study up and we'll continue the conversation.
Hey Steve! You good going fishing again this weekend? #mtpol #bromance
Mmmm! But please can you stop the hunting of the other animals please thank you
But I bet u go eat fast food alot
Lol nope
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump #TrumpMovement
Yes. The movement to get him out. Science this week. Taxes last week. Climate Change next week. Yes indeed. He's so liked.
He's still there... Lol, he ain't going nowhere... Stop the whinnying...........
I imagine you mean whining.  And no I won't.   I don't settle for a malignant narcissist. A liar and a user.  A boy wanting to play war.
Catch and release? What about the elephant you shot in Africa you SOB. Released him yet?
Wow 
Steve, I'm so glad that you've officially hitched your wagon to the Trumps. We won't forget your pandering.  #mtpol
Catch and release is great,  but somewhere there's a fish with a hole in his mouth and a near death experience
Nice what's that a brown
Which river, nice fish!
Always great on 16 mile!
And how will you like your fishing when coal waste invades all the water, at your command?  @potus @GOP
Oh good!  It's important to kill things on Earth Day.
Glad you got to enjoy! #MontanaMoment 
Can't stand this dude , he has loads of photos of him shooting leopards .. complete scum bag , his dad should sack him
Hope u git ur limit!!! Pan fry over open fire nothing better.... enjoy....
Try and get them to support banning Sharia Law in Montana!
Nice trout! #MAGA
And you have the perfect Silver Spoon to eat it with, don't you Donny:))
Have you tried clubbing baby seals? I bet you'd find that a real rush!
A good reason to keep the environment safe and clean from pollution, don't you think?
putrefying pile of squirrel barf
You really should come to Cotter, Arkansas and try it on the White River
Nice fish
You should fish Hunting Creek right by Camp David. Lots of history on that stream.
LOVE SEEING YOU HOLD DEAD BODIES
Nice little brown! Is that the Jackson or Gallatin.  Either way your in GODS country
It WAS gods country!
Nice catch
How many protesters did you see? MT didn't vote FOR your dad, they voted against Hillary.#quist
May I ask on what river you were?  Isn't water pretty high?
Hope you enjoy MT Mr. Trump!
TRY some old silk line, works better than anything they make today.

Lord, bring healing to our lives, that we may protect the world and not prey on it, that we may sow beauty, not pollution and destruction.
@JeffreyGuterman @joslynn070583 @Coxyolada @tahino1 @Mariotte67897
GET A REAL JOB GO PICK TOMATOES LIKE REAL MEN DO
 GRIFTERS ON TAX PAYERS
Happy Earth Day, fish killer.
oh my word, there is NOTHING as good as making a fire and frying a freshly caught fish by the riverside.
Awesome, looks like a salmon if some sort.
Tight lines! We too hope to wet a fly this year. Too busy electing @realDonaldTrump last season to do it. @chuckwoolery @AccuracyInMedia
better than the diatribe dinosaur hunting. :) glad you had a great time. looks like fun God bless you & your family
Friends?   I highly doubt u have any.
Keep on fishing.  Beautiful.
That is a great day! Hope you and your family had fun. Oh if you tell your dad, Thanks! That would be cool.
Yes thanks for the panic attacks that mars is now a REAL back up plan.
You Trumps need a good dose of Flint water!!
Meanwhile our brave men and women are fighting for your freedom.
That's a beauty!
Wow. You can fish 
Your are less interesting then stamps and cheaper too...
Spoiled little freaking brat get a regular job
And the grifters real reason for coming to Montana is exposed!
Looking back over past few months tweets...You sure do know a lot about working for a living...
What, couldn't bag any elephants on this trip?
Those are hard to catch at that size, takes a good fishermen, hope ur dad is a good fisherMan,  (  of man ) pulling 4 him
Who cares.
No one gives a shit.
Your daddy wants to put a coal mine just upstream.

well, isn't that cute..... BUWAHAAA
sick! #publiclands !?
Nice catch ;-)
But but but YOU KILL! YOU Never Never Release! If you believe in releasing, all the animals YOU KILL in Africa will be roaming around.
@DonaldJTrumpJr beautiful!
Q- what do you call this ? A-- very fishy
Wow that's big fish
Wished you were picked by your dad,,and not Jared
What no animals to kill
nice...
nice catch sir.
Had morels here in Indiana
Nice fish
Idiot
Libs will say you killed that fish, I say you killed the lemon!
Nice German Brown.
Love that you share your pictures!  Thanks for lending you Dad to our Country.  Behind him and all of you.  God bless!
Hey thief,who's picking up the tab for your fishing vacation.Why don't U dig into the money you've stolen from the tax payer's & pay for it
Wait til that streams full of oil MAGA am I right ?
Nice. That brownie, or a rainbow?

I'd go any time for any Trout fishing with you. Love it.
Nice brown
R & R is important !!
While daddy lets coal & other companies poison the rivers & fish. By all means, eat up!!
If you HAD to pick...18 holes, or, the river?
Why not both. Pollute the water then you don't need to stop pesticide use and then you can have the land for golf!
I LOVE that idea! But...considering homeowners and farmers spread "pollution" more than an "organic" course, I'll pass on the pesticides.
@DavidBrowning82 @c_clubb @DonaldJTrumpJr @SteveDaines @GregForMontana Let's face it. We aren't being too considerate on much of anything.
I'm happy for you wherever you are. I'm just glad you're not in the west wing like your sister.
I once believed Montanas  were smarter than this...one of the last beautiful open spaces in US..take a good look Trumptrain will destroy it.
A beautiful sport: dry-fly fishing for trout; making your own flies; split bamboo rods.
A good looking trout!...  "A River Runs Through It"
Now get one with the hat. Remember, we're always campaigning! To #MakeAmericaGreatAgain you have to #MakeRussiaGreatAgain first! #RESIST
Lol this is hilarious 
If movies from the last 20 years have taught me anything it's that members of congress fly fishing are always up to some evil shit low key
Go home no room for you here junior
Enjoy it while you can before all that coal ash kills everything in the rivers.
Nice one do tell where is the river
Love the Trumps
Gag...
Now you gotta eat it
Jealous. I fished most of day on Farmington River in CT and got skunked!
What a beautiful catch!  High Fives!
Was it "epic"?

So cute
Make It Happen !
Awesome. Love MT. Love fly fishing. Love Trump.
Gag!!
I'm so jealous. I visited Montana and what a beautiful state and wonderful people!
I love fishing. It's very relaxing. Nice catch!  #Maga
Getting harder to find streams that aren't polluted thanks to daddy huh? Back to your stump Jr!
You bought that fish lol  funny nice size now throw it back in lol
Epic. Wow you must be hurting.
your dad said NO MORE catch n release .. #dinnertime
Trump must be the anti-Christ. Hence he mocks all that is good for all, and good for the creatures and planet.
By the way, shooting Prairie dogs is pathetic and small minded.  Not what a "good Montanian"  should do or their guests.  Grow up!
You ever raise livestock with a large groundhog population living on grazing lands?
AND????
More killing huh Jerk.  Can't afford lunch? POS
Nice spotted trout...what r u using for bait?
The Best Fighting Fish for Rivers streams  Swift strong Jumpers. One can only Wish To Browns Fish
Great to have a fellow sportsman in the White House again!
WHAT???????
you had a fantastic day with your daddy's friends, remember it well before some of his other friends fuck it up forever with their stupidity
Nice  trout  &  Happy Earth day
I'll be right over to filet  that fish for you.. yummu
nice German Brown !!! I have caught some nice fish in Montana .
Open season on damage-causing rodents? Asking you to think is like asking your dad to read, but maybe you & Beavis should re-think that one.
Maybe flyfishing, it's also working I know this. Others may say, he's fishing vacation time. No, President Trump is just enjoying work 2day.
Still snowing up there in spots.
How much am I paying for your fishing trip?
My family of Floridian absolutely LOVE the western part of the US. I'm jealous:)
You do realize it won't look like this under Trump..those EO's he is so fond of no longer protect land or wildlife....much less water..
Nice Fish
Nice trout. Fresh air, fresh water. Hey This is what Earth Day is really all about.
POS!
Happy Earth Day! #marchforscience
Perfect way to spend  Day-enjoying the great outdoors!!
Good for you, experiencing nature first hand
Let him do it somewhere else..
Oh sure he killed the triceratops but releases the fish! 
Dick Chaney needs to be back on staff!'
Great catch! #catchandrelease
Wow its so beautiful
Do you ever work ? Richie Rich should get a real job .
Must be nice! Glad you're enjoying God's beautiful creation and congrats on the catch!
Enjoy it now because if Dad dismantles EPA, your kids won't have this experience.
Not as much fun as elephant hunting though, is it Don?
Nice dude !!!
Look 
Where is Chole I miss her not you
Did you find any baby seals to club?
LOL!!
NICE CATCH ~
