Is being a mother a preexisting condition according to this bill?
Just read it. SO disappointed in you. You're putting your party over your constituents. You've gotten tons of feedback for ACA & anti-AHCA.
Do not support this atrocious health care bill
PLEASE PLEASE VOTE NO on the Senate's Healthcare Bill, the bill will not help any Montanan's! U & the rest of GOP need to fix ACA w/Dems!
You need to vote NO on that crap bill is what you need to do! You will be party to manslaughter if you don't.
Also, maybe have a town hall where you actually listen to your constituents? That would be novel.
Listen to the PPL of MT: VOTE N ON AHCA! Facts R facts & CBO=FACTS.Thousands of MT's depend on U! Plz don't let us down. 
VOTE N ON AHCA!
Keep measuring, and delay your cutting.  Vote NO - for your constituents' sake.  Country over party, please
I'm from Havre. Planned parenthood let afford to get checked for cervical cancer when I couldn't afford life insurance.
Vote NO. This is a big socialistic mess. If you can vote yes.....you are NOT even remotely conservative. Just join the Democrats. Vote NO.
Planned Parenthood helped my aunt from Chester have two beautiful children when her and her farmer husband were too poor for a Dr.
40economists, including six Nobel laureates, sent a letter Monday to @SenateMajLdr outlining their opposition. Time to pick your side.
Please do not jeopardize the health & well-being of millions of Americans.   Be brave & vote no on the Senate bill!
My Aunt in Chester had breast cancer, will she be able to get health insurance after this?
NO.
i like how you briefly humor the notion of implementing good policy, before shifting to standard GOP distortions. keep focus on good policy!
Sure, you want your tax cut for yourself, rich buddies.  But letting people die in the streets to get that for yourself?  You have no soul.
Before ACA I knew Montanans who delivered their babies in Canada because they couldn't afford to GIVE BIRTH in this country.
The CBO score said another 22 million would loose health care. Actually, you didn't mention any facts or solutions for anything.
Your editorial is complete BS talking points.  If Obama care is dead it's because the GOP killed it. You're lying. #CountryOverParty #VoteNO
This article is biased- there r problems- but it helped MANY also. U only hear what u want. Thus the fake townhall.
The #ACA failures you cite in your statement happened because the @GOP refused to properly fund it.
This is why Sen. Daines is lying about #Trumpcare Koch brothers want draconian healthcare & tax breaks.
RE. the delay, here's a thought.  Don't just shoot for minimum number of votes needed.  FIX THE DAMNED BILL!
Please vote NO
If you believe in "measure twice, cut once," you must join @SenatorCollins & @SenRonJohnson's calls for more debate and amendments to #BCRA.
This bill doesn't help. People are going to lose the option for Medicaid, Medicaid Expansion and employer coverage. Vote NO.
This is political malpractice. Premiums will go up. 75,000 Montanans lose insurance. Hospitals & nursing homes will close. You're lying.
We're a rural state. The #AHCA KILLS rural healthcare, rural hospitals, & Medicaid. With the poverty level here, you're dooming your state.
1. Finally brought myself to read this, you don't  mention anything about the Republican blackhead of the ACA.
2. You also do not talk about Montana  republican Legislature deciding not to fully expanded Medicaid. This sir is quite misleading
3.and to be blunt embarrassing.
Trumpcare is an obscenity, as is cutting 800billion dollars from Medicaid. If you vote for this people will die as a result
Totally agree. Thank you for taking care with our health. ACA helped me and my family -- a lot. Let's get the ACHA right.
Well??  Surely you know by know how you're going to vote.  Care to share that with us?
Come to Karen Handel's Swearing in ceremony
Healthcare is a commodity--
Free market creates competition and organically brings down cost. 
#FulRepeal
#UnitedForFreedom
You had seven years to roll up your sleeves and "fix" the ACA.  You chose to drive a wedge with it.  This new bill is bad for MT. Vote No.
You traveled state and everyone you talked to was harmed by ACA? Everyone? I guess it depends on who you chose to listen to.
Lies and more lies IF YOU like this obamacarelite! #REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED, NO trumpcare! UnitedforFreedom!
You included examples of people paying high premiums (needs to be fixed), but no examples of ppl NOT going bankrupt bc they are covered
The article says you're doing a telephone townhall Wednesday, but I don't see instructions for how to access it. Can you please share?
Solutions: Tort Reform. Common sense legislation 2 drive costs down. Free Markets. NO mandates. No more gov't overreach! #FullRepeal of ACA!
Your editorial essentially says you already support the senate plan. You and other Repubs have no interest in fixing healthcare.
.@stevedaines, IF you truly cared, you would:

1. Hold a freaking physical town hall and face your constituents.

2. Vote NO on the AHCA.
Don't be responsible for the death of thousands of people under Trumpcare
I read this 2 see ur solution, my take. Obamacare blah blah blah blah Obama blah blah blah blah blah blah cut blah blah. Nonsense sad #mtpol
Cutting taxes for millionaires.  Cutting $800 mm in Medicare.  Raising premiums. Cutting benefits #wwjd
Senator Daines.  The Senate fails your tests.  Insurance more expensive.  75,000 Montanans lose insurance. $800 billion in tax cuts to rich.
Are you going to listen beyond the echo chamber you create for yourself? No need to repeal Obamacare - do real work to make it work.
You need to do a lot more than that...like listening to what your constituents want!
If you truly care about Montanans vote NO on this bill!! And vote NO on defunding Planned Parenthood!!!
There are many Medicaid stories involving our children, seniors and disabled but you shut your office so you wouldn't hear them. Shame
Medicaid pays for 49% of the births in MT. I thought you were prolife?  Maybe you're a baby killer?
you have had 7 YEARS to come up with an alternative. And you are starting now?  Shame.
So you'll be voting no?
I don't think there was ever any question.
What's to measure? I've read the bill and it cuts millions off from healthcare. Is that the one cut you're referring to?  #haveArealtownHall
Cut out insurance entirely by enacting single payer, insurance companies care about profits, not lives, I'd rather pay taxes than premiums.

The most unpopular factor in the AHCA is the mandate. Well I'm on Medicare and it's mandated, but it's AFFORDABLE. Medicare for all, senator
Be counted for Montanans. You can't hide and wait for coverage. Stand up and voice your opposition against this bill. Say it! Vote no!
Have a real town hall where you can't hand pick questions. The people of MT have dealt with enough crazy nonsense from GOP "leaders" lately.
So NOW you're ready to work on Healthcare?? What the hell have you been doing since you were elected besides lick McConnell's boots?!?
Put your whole family on this health care, Steve. Lead by example. And ditch your publicly funded health care that we pay for.
Exactly on point
....thank you sir for your time.
..... and the United States. We need good health care not something that's gonna hurt us more. Fix the problem not destroy the whole bill..
My wife is a diabetic and has seizures if the medical bill goes through we can't afford her meds I'm a disabled vet. Don't do this to....
I have given your office at least three ideas to save millions on medical/pharmacy your offices response 0 a big fat 0, but you care right?
If you do away with the tax cut for the richest 3%, you will not have to cut Medicaid.
Your editorial was more critical of ACA & didn't offer any solutions. The 1st "measurement" was off the mark. Is secret version any better?
Think of all the elderly in MT in nursing homes. Most are on Medicaid. This bill kicks them out so those making over $200k get a tax break!
Just more shuffling of who is going to pay.  Poor vs rich.  Man up and do something about the actual cost of healthcare.
Packed a bunch of lies into that small article there, Senator.
Let O'care implode like it is doing already. Higher taxes for worthless healthcare. Just allow competition countrywide.
Competition cant work w/ insurance. How can u make money when expensive sick people use it? Healthcare for profit is a conflict of interest.
Massively cutting Medicaid to fund a tax cut for millionaires is not a "fix" to the ACA.
Just curious. What kind of health insurance do you have now?
Private, but I care about those who don't have the same opportunities I do and believe their health should be a top priority.
Before the government got involved Healthcare was affordable.
Here's how to fix Obamacare: Medicare for all!  You're crazy if you think the  Senate bill will fix anything.  More likely, you're lying.
There government shouldn't have inserted itself into healthcare!!! The @DeptVetAffairs is exhibit A on government ability to run anything!!!
The VA is swamped with cases that the right wing has created by taking us to war unnecessarily.
And I suppose the #VA is well run too!
Senator, you speak of more choice, more competition. Could you tell me how that magically happens with so few insurers in our state?
How can they 'compete' when they only want healthy ppl 2 use it? Sick ppl cut into profits. Healthcare in USA is profit above ALL else. Sad.
'the countless mtgs r too numerous to count'. WRT sentence structure, snicker. WRT fact, LOL! Suck it up & hold real town halls on HC bill!
Was able to be self e bc ACA lowered my premiums. B4 ACA was in high r pool $905 per m and 10k deductible now $250 per m 6k
Need more testaments like this
...where the various stakeholders and constituencies stand already. You do know. You won on experience, right? What you need is to act, now!
to O'care now is.... really hard to believe. In fact, you should know that most GOP voters don't believe that more talk is needed. You know
...And for 7 yrs the GOP promised and was elected to repeal and replace. To choose not to act now, to imply that you don't know the answer..
This bill is horrible for the people of the state you've been hired to represent. Vote No!
Let's talk about cuts to Medicaid and tax cuts to the top 1%. A disaster for Montanans. Get real senator
You've "heard countless stories...". Have you also not heard those who wouldn't have coverage without affordable Healthcare?
Not one Town Hall!
Have you told people how this bill slashes Medicaid puts caps back on and will raise deductables
You really think that this healthcare bill is going to help people it will not stop following party line and vote no
I bet 1000 dollars you will vote for the bill since you care more about your buddy trump and your other rich cronies than average Montanans!
