Engage self destruct sequence
Nuclear option? You are right. They not only self destructed they just destroyed 200 years of tradition, the US govt, & the people's trust.
Well, the Senate has been crumbling for years. Heck, might as well nuke the filibuster on legislation while we are at it. Then get to work
Hey Vae! While what you say is true, should we be further dismantling the Senate or should we be looking at how the parties are interacting?
Further, I believe that if they do go nuclear, that it will give which ever party is in power the ability to appoint a partisan judge to the
SC, which will just force the system to crumble faster. It would basically turn the SC into a more powerful Senate and that's just...wrong.
The vote for SCOTUS is a simple majority vote anyhow. This really changes nothing. It's being overblown IMO
But the fact that they get approved by both parties instills a sense of trust in the SC. It's to let the people know that even people across
The FBI Director testified @realDonaldTrump's campaign is under investigation for collusion w/ Russia. Lifetime court appointments can wait.
1,304 days left. #sellout
How much money do I have to give you so you'll agree with anything I say?
Would you be saying that if he had been Obama's choice? Hand on the Bible? In front of your God and Savior? Burn in hell and all sayin that?
BULLSHIT!!!
Transparent.  He does come across as rather pro-corporation, anti-people, so I suppose this is true.  Thanks for nothing, Steve.
He didn't answer the questions
you are all traitors
Thanks!
We need to change the nominee, not the rules. Do not invoke the nuclear option.
He supports Citizen's United, he isn't the right man.
WE ARE THE 3/4 OF AMERICAN'S THAT VOTED FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP'.WE HAVE SPOKEN 'WE WANT
JUDGE GORSUCH' ! 
WE ARE TIRED OF DEMOCRAT ACTIVISM!!!
And his transparency= corporate $, intrusion into women's health, extremism. What part of this did you not see- oh forgot GOP  dark money.
he would not answer any questions wrt judicial ideology
So plagiarism is no big deal to Republicans?! You all have lost all credibility and will come to regret selling your souls for power.
Do any of you know that plagiarism is a CRIME, how ironic you want the highest court in the land where you want to install him!
No he is not
he's a russian plant
You've destroyed an important tradition in the United States Senate. This is a pure power play, expect the same in return. 
So plagerizing other people's works doesn't bother u? Like #trumps old lady stealing #Michelles speech. CHEATS LIARS THIEVES. #VoteTheGopOut
You suck
Lies
You're becoming as big a joke as your republican colleagues in the house. And disgrace to America. #SCOTUS #NuclearOption #gorsuch
The MAJORITY OF AMERICANS DID NOT VOTE FOR THIS ADMINISTRATION. You are Betraying The People! This is traitorous. Where is yr integrity?!
Merrick Garland
Republican dictionary: Transparent. Noun.  Taking from others and claiming as yours.  Synonyms: plagiarism
BULLSHIT!!  Your definition of transparent is way out in left field.
Unless definition of transparent is from the alternative dictionary. The word your looking for is opaque
HE IS D RIGHT MAN 4 D LICENSED GOVERNMENT BULLIES N THIEVES. GOP U DON'T REPRESENT D MAJORITY OF D PEOPLE INCLUDING D  POOR WHO CANT VOTE.
Are these some of those #alternativefacts  I've been hearing about?
REALLY LIKE HE WAS ON CITIZENS UNTED. WHY DOES GORSUCH NEED 10 MILLION IN ADS FROM JUD. CRISIS NETWORK??
So was Merrick Garland you dispicable hypocrites.
You're a disgrace - this is a disgrace. You're supposed to not lie
So was Judge Garland you hypocrites SOB's.
@SenMajLeader is a disgrace to the American people. Every Senator that voted for this should immediately resign.
Americans will not soon forget Republicans' role in destroying our democratic institutions. #PartyOverCountry #Shameful
Transparent as a brick wall! He dodged so much, you'd think he was the VP out for lunch without his wife!
Yet, he's not the legal candidate per the constitution. You all will go down in history as arrogant cronies who ignored the rule of law.
Daines is a stooge.
Love gorsuch
Garland
He is a law breaking plagarist. He is anything but transparent. Face the facts, he is not fit nor qualified for the SC
Heavily, heavily inaccurate and false.
He's a fascist and a plagiarist
Merrick Garland
Shame on you Republicans. Gorsuch is not worth changing rules for, but money talks.
Changing the rules for a nominee from @POTUS under investigation for TREASON is not a great idea. Come on, @GOP! #countryoverparty
Where did his $10 million come from He won't say That is hardly transparent !!
He is not. We need a nominee who cares about people. Gorsuch has demonstrated he does not care about peoples rights.Get someone who does.
How can you call him transparent when he evaded questions repeatedly?????? Knuckleheads
Democrats voted, yes! before but since Trump nominated him we change our minds. Obstructing anything Trump.
We will remember how you changed the rules only when it benefits you. #NoNuclearOption #NoIntregrity #NoReelectionForYou #Cheaters
You cannot just overturn 200 years of tradition so your personal agendas are met. You are petulant chldn and all of Congress should be  gone
Blah blah blah blah do you remember the name Justice Garland????
These Rep Senators are going to ruin our democracy forever and blame it on the Dems.  I just want to scream!
Me too! 
I so agree.  He is a corporate guy!  We need a people guy or gal!
Enough, grow a pair and use the Reid option. This bs has gone on long enough.
Why did he refuse answers? Use nuclear option & 11/18 will be worse than expected. We watched your shame with Garland. TRUMPGOP in decline.
Transparent yes that is why everyone can see he is horrible candidate find someone else!
Background check
No, his record shows his decisions need checked, HIS faith interferes, and your bigotry is not masked by claiming his qualifications.
No. All lies. You #Trumpublican senators are traitors to our Republic. #TrumpRussia #NoRussiaProbeNoSCOTUSRobe
HES WARD "FRIGGEN" CLEAVER!!!!
"And we will to damage our democracy to get our way."
Plagiarism!!!! What does that say of a man's morals?
Twitface Daines. Your own nuclear option gets closer in 2020. Keep your holy water handy for the burn you're gonna get...
Not TRUE VERY EVASIVE
I love your choice of words. Accessable and transparent are 2 words never used when describing @SteveDaines
Just NUKE it , you know democrats WOULD AND WILL IF THEY GET A CHANCE
Any jurist who rules that a trucker should die from the cold instead of staying with his truck is not SCOTUS material. He's inhumane.
Dems just filibustered him. Nuclear option NOW!
Judge Garland was incredibly accessible but u shirked your constitutional responsible to give him a hearing. We can't trust GOP's candidates
Actually you're lying, again! Don't you get tired of it?? He was not transparent, did not answer questions and was vague as f*ck
I don't think you understand the meaning of the word transparent. Look up obtuse while you're at it, cuz that word describes you!
It only takes two to oppose the foolish/partisan bomb! Try some sense and pick a better judge!!! #mtpol
No. He plagiarized his words. He can't be trusted to uphold the law-he can't even be accountable for a much smaller test of integrity.
This is a lie
What are you talking about? He failed to answer several questions.
Shameless DEMOCRATS ! Speaking of be This SUPREME GORSUCH' ! HE PROTECTS OUR LAW'S OF OUR FOUR FATHER'S ! AND PERSERVE' OUR LIBERTY!
He actually hasn't been transparent. But the main problem with him is that he's not Merrick Garland.
I think transparency can be argued. He used a lot of words to not answer much at his hearings. #SCOTUS #mtpol

Transparent?  In that his skin is very pale and transparent?  Because I didn't hear him give a single straightforward answer. #NoGorsuch
More dishonesty from GOP- he OBFUSCATED on questions. Wouldn't meet w black female senators.What is transparent is how GOP IS bought & paid.
American Families are noticing the GOP frauds!
Transparent My A....
#Gorsuch is in the #Minority
#SCOTUSnominee has #NOMandate
DoNOT #BlowUpTheRules U
CanNOT #ChangePrecedent in #Senate
Where's your transparency, @SteveDaines? R u ever going to comment on the $38k you took to sell out our privacy rights?
He proved he was NOT transparent by refusing to answer SIMPLE questions... && where did all the  come from used for his ads ?
When it comes to our SCOTUS, you should demand better candidates...NOT lower the bar on requirements to confirm!!!!!!!!!
lies and horse crap.
Thank you Senator Daines, the other one did what Chucky Schumer told him to do.
#MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland

Trump involvement is a disqualifier for the Supreme Court.
He is the right man for the corporations but the wrong man for the PEOPLE. #SCOTUS
False.
.So those Women Senators are making up the fact he would not meet with them?  What about the questions not answered? #StolenSeat
You have betrayed the #americanpeople ...
#MerrickGarland is the right man shame on all of you
Except when he wouldn't answer questions, or his answered differed from his book, and that time he plagiarized.
