Fire 'em and replaced the bastards with machines.
the nurses making minimum wage, you mean?
No the entry level job morons.
ok but more than entry level is making minimum wage, you understand this, correct?
You get what you agree to work for.
The cpi must be updated to truly reflect the increased cost of living. I'm in Chicago, I know how expensive it is to live here!
we should look at who has represented Chicagoans all these years? It turns out you can't force  #utopia via taxes
I was referring to raising the minimum wage, not taxes. But I'm not thrilled with our mayor, or our local government either.
understood, but why do you think the cost of living continues to go up? Sales, property, gas tax. And still no $ for pensions?
heres ur truth, and the cure for dead blacks, spread it around to ur ppl.
Lower the coast of living and you would not need to kill business left in #America
licogw
And protesters ???? how much more you gona pay ???
“OUR PARTY IS BETTER!” , http://easycolorexpress.com 
NOT GOOD! Says CEO of,  http://easycolorexpress.com 
you need a pay cut and stop threatening military and retired people with stopping social security when you don't get your way
hallo salam buat keluarga disana
@BarackObama
amen
.@BarackObama Yep, Congress needs to #RaiseTheWage for hardworking Americans so they can pay their taxes to banks
good
ngdidf
Hey
I'm all about #RaiseTheWage, which is why I oppose the TPP. Do you not see the contradiction in your position?
You da man President Obama. #Respect
تت
do you know what inflation is?
you don't pay a McDonalds hamburger flipper 15 dollars an hour.  Just a scam to get votes.
How about raising the wage for #EMT s? We get minimum wage even though we went to school for our certs... #RaiseTheWage
here's another reminder: over 40 ppl shot in Chicago over 4th of July weekend. Gun control? Racism? Isil? Comments?
*ahem* *ahem* #Economicinflation
Chicago's rising body count should be a reminder of your shitty gun laws & your beloved dindus. @BarackObama
Don't worry the robots r coming soon
Together and with others we pray for God's wealth and riches to come into deprived areas all over the world. Our Father. ......
#اوقفوا_الابادة_الايزيدية  
#نحن_مع_الايزيديات 
#StopYazidiGenocide
#StandforYazidiWomen
raising wages causes increases of costs to everything else. Mifht be fine for 3 months, but once the supply is gone, then what?
because everyone wants to pay 60k for ford fusion
#international_investigation_karada
Would not need to if Politicians kept manufacturing jobs here is US and a President who thinks its ok for Illegals take BC jobs
You are the most handsome man....wowww i like very much,I see you werever you go.... wowwww i am a mexican woman mister Obama..
the state of IL is broke, and will lose thousands of jobs if they do this. But why do you care.
CHIP-IN WITH US! http://easycolorexpress.com 
CHICAGO IS DYING EVERY NIGHT FROM THUGS AND YOU ARE TALKING MONEY??? HAVE YOU NO MORALS????
Your legacy includes the growing #homeless crisis, and the continuing decline of the #middle-class. #FreeTradeAnyone?
yes good
I agree president Obama!!
raising minimum wage is not the answer--education and job training to remove the reliance on wage is #selfesteem
@universe2519 And what "War" emails? US has not been at war with any country  in over 50 yrs wikileak!
I'm not against raising  minimum wage-you have to have jobs first-Iwork with at risk kids in a poor community-first need jobs
job well done sir
so even more people loose there jobs????
“OUT OF THIS WORLD CRAZY” for , http://easycolorexpress.com 
yes,however, so will everything else going up as well! Small business will suffer greatly.
congress waiting Obama leaving office then maintenance can Clorox entire white house
give them more of what they don't need instead of what they need Make them more dependent on gvrnmnt = more votes < incentive
. We should get an increase in wages every time Congress increases their salary.
Did you forget about the SS raise.? Still waiting.
vou embora sem conhecer o Sr.
Nothing on how to stop blacks from killing blacks of course.
YEAH YOU ! ,  http://easycolorexpress.com 
Good newd
from the mouth of an economic MORON!!'
no, americans need to stop being lazy
What about SS/SSD/VA?  For years of paying in, we get far less than min wage and awful medical too! We are the forgotten.
Better than raising the minimum wage would be to indict Hillary for the quid pro quo millions her husband was paid for speeches
What about the murder rate in Chicago dumb-ass..  Higher m/w = less jobs = more crime and murder.
with everything going on in Chicago you comment on minimum wage! Are you joking! Murder capital! City's Broke! Schools suc!!!!!
“YES, WE NEED ACTION” http://easycolorexpress.com 
Here's 2 ideas have congress take a pay cut! Give up 1/4 of your pay
go hell Obama
Here at http://diycolours.com  WE GOTT BALLS!!!
Too bad your gun control measures don't work in Chicago!
2007to2013,400mo eguals$20,000Plus,DeniedStacisNutHusySwinsQuadpremiums!!!!
start your own restaurant and run a few years, then let me know what you think. You people in Washington have really lost touch
Here as well in Canada. Canada Loves You #Canadarocks
@BarackObama
Only because the suck-assed @POTUS economy has kept wages stagnant for the past 7+ years @BarackObama. #Clueless #RaiseTheWage
hard working Americans shouldn't be making min wage
Absolutely agree7!!!!!!
follow me
sure thing, let's just keep making jobs harder to find and our hard earned dollars worth less and less. Thanks
Neither Chicago nor Congress owns the businesses. It is pure fascism for them to set the wages.
Congress just needs to start working!!
try creating real jobs moron
that's an extremely vague statement.... Raise it to a living wage? Cuz those vary across the nation...
you are doing a great job despite the fact that the Republicans have said no to every constructive thing you try to do.
اوباما البغدادى
_(°ω°｣∠)_
McCain is "Directly Responsible" for ISIShttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzV9bjMg2ZU
dtaddfhdjglvfccelf mwgug
democrats never quite get it. Minimum-wage  is the floor and is mostly part-time workers. The real answer always is jobs.
why don't you get off Twitter and you get to work on radical Islamic terrorism
Chicago crime worst in the country they have to encourage people to work in a crime zone 
YEAH YOU ! ,  http://easycolorexpress.com 
man of development
Tell that to the candidate you foolishly endorsed.
...what about all the murders being raised there every week ??? Time for you to open your eyes & blame the people,  NOT GUNS
Hope others learn
Satan Obama
pay for democratic votes using OPM.
hi
Chicago is a cesspool of violence and gangs. But no one will tell the truth from this administration. Proof gun laws don't work
poor lazy ones decide when and how that happens; you think lawyers in congress WORK?  They can have billion and they steal need
#Chicagominimumwage That is only going to put more young men in to gangs, you will never get it will you sir
Why not make the minimum wage $25hr.  Why stop at $15?
which is a proven way to knock the bottom rung off the jobs ladder. Great to have a high minimum wage, but no job to earn it
retweet this
guess you're very good at http://math.work  less hrs and get a reg paycheck.And claim the fed bene 4 not being full time
then endorse the candidate who cares about the people and is actively fighting for us. #BernieOrBust
Now maybe all the boys in gangs will work in fast food and stop killing each other. Then you won't have to take away my gun.
@BarackObama
obviously unless your Muslim, right?
raising the minimum wage for burger flippers #obamaisanasshole
I believe this is a mistake, raising the minimum wage causes prices for everything to go up.  This is not the way!
and pass gun laws... oh wait there are gun laws there just not enforced nor do they work in CHI even for min wage...
no worries, then. Chicago will be utopia, all other cities will be forced to compete. Like the strict gun laws. No more crime.
“LISTEN TO US” http://easycolorexpress.com 
Chicago also has strict gun laws and they don't work either
if that dump is to be the inspiration for the country, than gun control is a waste of time.
How about the disgraceful murder rate and the corrupt Chicago Mayor ?
Just go home and see if you can take care of your own state, you did nothing in the USA, 1 murder every 2 hours. Go home.
raise the min wage but we have to also increase import tariffs or we are not playing by the same rules!
DRUG CARTELS ARE MAKING A KILLING HERE...
YEA TO YOU and Chicago, the national average wage is making it hard to make A REAL honest life!?
and let rampant inflation and business closures and job losses begin. Right Barry?
Advice from a guy that's NEVER owned, started up, our ran a business and it shows.
Do you care about Americans?You've been President for  71/2 years, you had majority in your first term couldn't work w/Congress
that will be good for small businesses and young people I'm sure.
& unemployment will sky rocket
that oughta bring down the homicide rate in Chicago.
that won't happen until we get real leadership in Congress
