Atomic bombings was the most horrific savage genocide in history. 
US government should apologize for the atomic bombing.
one more, did you forget Pearl Harbor? don't mess with the USA, how about a thank you for defending your country?
Japan and US should apologize to each other for cruelly murder.
why would we apologize, we have never started a war, we just finish them.
And it was to intimidate the Soviet Union. 
Japanese government was about to capitulate.
atomic bomb brought peace to much of the world
My talK is all historical fact.
Even more each other talking about would be a waste.
God bless you.
I prefer facts what did I state that wasn't factual? Japanese leaders were evil in 1942 not necessarily the people
When will you remember thousands of those being killed on the name of religion?
#ShiaGenocide #MuslimsForPeace
@AliAbbasTaj @BarackObama 
They took 70 years to remember their victims
We will make them remember ours rather soon. They are the ones to ignite #ShiaGenocide in the world.
Did the US kill Imam Hussain a.s and his family or imprison Imam Musa Kazim a.s.? @kumailhsyed @BarackObama
They along Saudia Arabia  are funding ASWJ and Takfeeris in Pakistan. I wrote in that context.
Yes US and #Saudis nurtured them in 1970s and 80s
United States are the only reason for Saudi regime's existence.
The only state which is providing full back support to Saudia Arabia.
not often do we agree, today is one of those days
j
we   need   to   remember  the heros   who  fought  for   this   land  .  Where   it  is  now.
nice
GOODMORNING MR PRESIDENT GO HEAD SIGN AN EXECUTIVE ORDER ORDERING THE FBI TO OPEN MY FACEBOOK ACCOUNT
...GO HEAD FBI I WANT YOU INSIDE ALL MY SOCIAL ACCOUNTS ...PLEASE MAKE YOURSELVES AT HOME.
...MANY VERY IMPORTANT PEOPLE HAVE USED MY SOCIAL ACCOUNTS TO HIDE CRIMES AND DIRT WILE ROBBING MY IDENTITY FBI U KNOW THEM.
I love you sir
...THERE ARE SERVICE MEN AND WOMEN INSIDE (UNDERGROUND)...IS TIME TO GET THEM OUT OF THERE.
nice
it's everybody's America , it's hard for me to believe that Donald Trump wants to be president and talks like a fool
yes
good gesture humanly cause upheld. Great.
where were you on Memorial Day making apologies in Japan when you should have been here your so fake it's pathetic "1/20/2017"
you r the best so far!
That means Ali's refusal to go to the war was not correct? I wonder if President Obama would have done as Ali did, too?
, Personal  Interest you Are Save
Please let US stop selling all weapons to Saudi Arabia
Thank you for everything Mr. President! 
Hypocrat is not real leader
but
TRUTH
IS THE WORD OF GOD

BE REAL HUMAN
NOT
DEVIL
FOLLOWER
LIVE WITH HIGH
PERSONALITY
BE A MAN
in senseless wars our governments should never have gotten in to.
Oh, please! You're a fucking joke! Since when have you cared about the American military?
I love you, President Obama
that nice
it was a somberly dignified service at Evergreen Washelli Memorial Sea, WA.
Make real easy #money online:
and yet you went to Japan instead of Pearl Harbor and basically apologized for Hiroshima.

Really? when you are more concerned about the lives lost in Hiroshima !
Thank you Mr. President for all that you are and all that you do.  You have tried to make America her best self.
good

انت وحد ماسواني
:) Yes Much Gratitude
ha
Yes President, We are with you. Thank you very much.
...@BarackObama DEAR MR PRESIDENT ANUNNAKI GOD'S ARE ORDERING THAT YOU ALLOCATE MORE FUNDS TO FBI AGENCY . https://twitter.com/elisanezelloET1/status/738060498655121409/photo/1pic.twitter.com/nJxUho7H7h 
let is remember that
@BarackObama
The good Lord will strengthen you, help you and uphold you with His righteous right hand. In the name of Jesus Christ.
one day I want to see you sir..its my dream....
microchips are sign of the start of 666 in the apocalypse
mr presiden your nice we love
And may their souls REST IN PEACE
God Bless the families, and may time never fade the sacrifice and commitment shown & made by their loved ones. God Bless USA.
while u r at it, remember your lost dignity and vision for the Arab 
 Islamic World...and most of all, your missed redlines...!
what are you talking about, you laid off active duty service men and woman! #yourenoadvocate
I'm sorry..mr.president.best regards...
I like u so much.....
“@BarackObama: "Today, and every day, let us remember the servicemen and women we have lost." —President Obama ”
thank you!
yes excellency we do so
hallo sir
like the tide
good blessed peace in people and animals jesus. Thinking us Adonis PRESDNT Obama  valiant  Rock of ages.
sir.so..sad....v r with u ....
THOSE ARE GREAT WORDS IF ONLY YOU REALLY MEANT THEM you have done nothing to solve the V A health care problem. short-timer!
@BobbyPanahi I'm surprised he has time to stop & remember our service men & women in-between his talk show appearances.
Yes! I will remember them in my life.
Am proud to have you as my beloved president...
you deserve an award more than  decaprio does ! 
You are a heartless person blinded by the devil
can you not just bring our troops home and let the Middle East fight their own war? Great way to end your presidency
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
in the war?
like you did at Pearl Harbor @realDonaldTrump
I am glad you were in Arlington where both my mom and Dad are buried and hope to go there soon
@josh_nelson07 From same man who disregarded the sacrificed in #Iraq, announced pull-out & is solely responsible 4 #ISIS rise
mlklklk
i lov u
great thing, But! when is the Justis Dept going 2 look into Vote fraud in the House 29 members votes changed from yea 2 nea
God bless the dead
there are thousands if not millions others were die
perhaps they need to be reminded of our strength as a team to remind of what it means to cooperate with policy at this time
advertising might be ample at this time but given the change I have in mind it might just be a faze  the city is going through
a duration business is happening and picking up just getting lovers to act appropriate seems to be a problem thus looking into
through this its important to keep this city up and running and that means every body needs cooperate or lose the industry for
for people with less than average intelligence the city has good track record but there are exceptions im certain we can work
sorry for teling you my problems but we have this city in Canada that thinks our mission in life is to bring policy makers down
Seems Edmonton is strating to bug the hell out of me again I guess it has to do with something someone allegated years ago im
@BarackObama
Mr. President, thank you for the best eight years ever! You were the answer to America's prayer!
we miss u..
And remember the ones who still serve active and inactive!!
we also do for this..always salute for those women and men
Let me remind you Mr. President , Yesterday more than 1500 muslim Migrant's sink in medetarian...
Equality ...... Seriously
best person in the world... Very humble even after having so much power.... salute you sir....  honorable...
Pot stirrier!!!!
I wish I could. But I have to work. All the time. Just to make ends meet. Otherwise I would
stop sending troops to fight false wars. People dying for 38k a year #FuckingRidiculous #MemorialDay2016
Respect!
all because of you America selfish
why so serious?
It does be great to respect all the servicemen all over the world
Citizens in Egypt cry from the high prices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65VrMZLgCDU …
good job!
Calendar Final Stanley Cup in 2016 http://yotafiles.com/523369 

Angel kannst du hören mich?
w,as,can
“@BarackObama: "Today, and every day, let us remember the servicemen and women we have lost." —President Obama ”
Making

History
オバマさんこんばんは！

I am a Japanese singer　です！

仲良くしてください！

#ダメ元って大切な心意気
救救我们吧！
救救我们！
Always will be remembered by history, but in the black list
You've lost these great men because of the wars we create around the world. May their soul find peace. AMEN.
#memorialday
Thank you for your sacrifice , the honor of The United States of America ,and your great contrebution's .
So many of my family fought in WWII, Vietnam, Iraq & it makes me ill to see Donald & Bernie trashing America & her Government
@BarackObama
I think North Korea should be afraid of #God ,not #military .#diplomacy #Asia #meditation #Haiku
#science #politics #economy
