Last year you said you turned 54, and now this year you say you're turning 55, which is it? When do the lies stop? ;)
It was a joke.
No worries. ;)
happy belated birthday to you Mr. President Obama
Happy Birthday
KYS
I'm Australian but I'll happily sign  Happy Birthday Sir.
???????
yes?????
. Are you busy?
oh you are a spam person BLOCKED.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIR
@ Loook
Of ur maning faces indstruter so what you saying for the whole world sire
te amo
Happy belated birthday. God bless you
happy birthday Obama make God bless you and your family
. Happy birthday. Nairobi kenya in Africa(tuko sawa)
wish you a blessed year ahead.. Happy birthday
JANAM DIN KI HARDIK SHUBKAMNA AAP KU
You mite have dog missing ur hirer layette's there for this one come up as got one out stating that to morse of stat and how ur redesign
You got to do an us one
happy birthday Obama feliz cumpleaños make God bless you and your family
Happy birthday to a Great Leader.
And proshegeses
Happy Birthday Mr. President
wow with all these posts about you im beginning to wonder if your bday is today
Happy Birthday :-)
Hau'oli La Hanau Mr President! Much Aloha from Kona, HI!
Happy Birth Day Mr. President
Happy and Blessed Birthday Mr President. May God continue to bless and keep you and grant you Joy for the journey ahead.
happy birthday to you dear
happy birthday to an awesome man
happy birthday Mr.President
كل عاااام والرئيس بااااااااألف خييييييييير العمر المدييييييييد
@BarackObama
Happy BoDay @POTUS @BarackObama @USSupremeCourt The white male power legal system  http://slnm.us/an7p61z  @GovTop @congressdotgov @Salon
Just a reminder...  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nonpartisanism … @POTUS @BarackObama @GarlandSCOTUS @Salon #NONpartisan
Your singing sucks as bad as your job performance...
.nice president
amen to that
Happy Birthday Sir
happy birthday
azalea  from  Lincoln ,Massachusetts
It's astonishing how many people lick the ass of this incompetent racist lying clueless token.
-You mean TERRORIST-in-Chief!
オバマさん三日遅れたけど誕生日おめでとうございます。
happy birthday to you Mr president i hope you have a bless day
Happy birthday, boss!
Happy Birthday!  I am so proud of you and glad you are the President!
http://usherald.com/crack-dealer-obama-early-release-murder?utm_source=cd&utm_medium=obamareleasemurder2kids&utm_campaign=fbext …
congratulation
for ur birthday
happy birthday
Hope u r spending it packing so that u can get the hell out!
so glad that this will be ur last in the White House that was built by slaves
Happy Birthday
happy birthday Mr. President. America loves you.
. Happy birthday Mr. President
Happy birthday sir.
happy birthday I pray that you see 50 more
Happy Birthday President  May all of your wishes come true.
HAPPY B-DAY MR.. PRESIDENT
Happy Birthday Mr. Obama, we will miss you here in QC, CANADA you are a great President and Commander in Chief, congrats
Happy bday. May God continue to favour you and grant you long life IJN.
happy birthday to all that were born in this day like me.
May God bless you with many more
, you campaign a lot for hilary that one wonders, what u trying to cover up,whereas your daughter is a drunkard, i mean malia
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday
: best whishes from germany!
belated happy birthday :)
Happy Birthday Mr. President.
I'm a teacher so everything is a teachable moment.I thank God that you've been my daughter's 1st prez.
go Mt President, another 4 years!
obummer is the worst president in America since WWII
GREAT MR and American President, like GOD, to give the day of we human,to see, to feel,what is be the best Chef of the world.
happy birthday
This Great President the first Great of the modern world, 08/04 is his birthday,but a human equal the he, GOD BLESS all day !
Can't wait till your out of our White House! Have a terrible bday!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIR nd Welcome SHAAD ! 
Happy birthday from a Belgian fan!
- Happy Birthday Mr. PRESIDENT.
What is happening there?
top 5 best american soccer players http://soccerof.blogspot.com/ 
Happy Birthday Obama.... 
I really like your speach during democrat nanional...
a very happy birthday to the Best present ever in the United States 
HAPPY birthday Sir and wish you great years ahead
happy birthday, Mr president!
We agree! , http://easycolorexpress.com 
#YESPRESIDENTOBAMA @HOT1rose sign the Birthday card online !
happy birthday to you
Yes ,, sing it is your #victory ,, you just #kill #Muslims in #syria
Happy birthday prezzo
let all the roses of earth may be showered on your walking path.
@BarackObama
Happy birthday wishes to you, Mr. President.
/a Cdn. sends best birthday wishes to the Prez/
Belated Birthday Wishes Dear President Obama.  God Bless You for the wonderful Person you are!
happy birthday
Happy Birthday To President Obama I wish you will have many more blessed ones
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRES. BARAK OBAMA! MINE WAS JULY 30TH. MAY GOD CONTINUE TO BLESS YOU IN ALL THAT YOU DO! PEACE!!!
#wateensound@wateensound
Happy birthday 
Happy birthday. Keep on keeping on.
Happy birthday @BarackObama
l hope the sound never insert my ears
Happy Birthday!
【速報】ラティにき敗北！！！
OBMはいっ！OBMはいっ！BMIじゃないよ？オ！バ！マ！
you rock! I hope you had excellent birthday!
/ GOOD MORNING / Night Sir. Have A NICE WEEK COMMENCING DAY SIR. GOD BLESS U ALL.
happy birthday from Australia
Happy Birthday to President Obana
happy birthday President Obama!
Happy Birthday Mr. President. I peay abundant blessings for you and your family.
Happy Birthday President Barack Obama.
Happy 55th to a 1st - rate leader!
Happy birthday Mr. President and may God continue to bless and protect you!
what is TTIP?
@BarackObama
happy birthday
It is depressing that the president is only 26 months older than me.   I remember when they were ancient...
http://Fans2Earn.com/?ref=37504 
Happy Birthday Sir!!!
happy b-day!
Your Representation Has Proven To Be Of Disservice To Americas Foundational Beliefs, Hopes And Most Assuredly Our Holy Bible.
hello president
Happybirthday
, many more Blessings
homo HBO hoohoh
Happy  55th Birthday Mr. President..!!!
Happy 55thon the 4th
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. @POTUS Don't eat too much sir...lol
Happy Birthday Mr Obama
Thank u very much for 12 years of honoring promises,& for making America better place for living. Happy Birthday Mr. President
Happy Birthday Mr. President!
wish you happy birth day and many rturns of the day
happy birth n best wish to u
oh realy, I never had to larn it. thnx to twitter, which made me know it is Barack Obama birthday. Congts & many hapy rtn ofday
@BarackObama
Time to retire!
Happy Happy Birthday Mr. President!! I wish you many more as a healthy and stronger man! Much Love
i
 wish you happy birth day
happy birthday Mr President
Happy Birthday Mr. PRESIDENT! !!!!
happy birthday
Happy Birthday
wishing you a very happy birthday! Connie Stahl
HBD Barack!
gongratulations from Holland
happy birthday
