Good afternoon Mr. President. In those statistics, I'd like to know if they include the number of illegal vs legal guns used.
I know from living it Traumatic Brain Injury!
This hypocrite is backing the Sunni coalition against the indigenous Shia in Yemen - schools bombed by Obama's support....
Get real; many many many die hit by cars - DRIVEN BY PEOPLE, IN BOTH CASES @BarackObama
What's your point? We do nothing on one nat'l problem since another is unsolved. #TunnelVision #DisarmHate
Want to reduce murder rate in U.S.?  Then solve social pathology in black inner cities - fed. murder statistics say this @eyeseewigs
"pathology" is across the community, black, white, other. Oppression, damaged economy, discrimination, neglect of community
See federal Centers for Disease Control's statistics on kids born out of wedlock - by race @eyeseewigs
check the reduction in teen pregnancy while you're at it.
Simply explained - middle class kids now can't afford dating @eyeseewigs
What!? I don't get your point.
namaste.we know 4a fact all nations combined as united front can squash Islamic terrorists like bugs.wy isn't massive step tken
you may invoke martial law after your false flags, but Jesus has already won the war. The new world order will fail.
no need to disarm Americans for others to have way. Especially ones like myself
Abortion does a greater damage and God becomes more angered at the so-called Christians whom believe it truth.
The sign to the truth is in Revelation 12 (for non-Catholics Rev 12 and the Gospel are tied together....
...tied together by John 19:26 and Rev 12:17...Mary is mother of the Church.  Human rationale?  Luke 16: 14-18.
thx 4 the time sir @kaepernick7 @E_Reid35 have a great msg forget race all citizens  shot black white brown
stand w/their msg police reform hold them accountable for their actions just like the criminals have to
while you and your precious is safe surrounded by body guards, and have all the money to live where you want, the rest of us no
It's not the Guns but the people behind the guns
bs
Then there is the terrorist that killed so many more, if people would have had guns not as many would have died
We shouldnt accept neither your occupâtion of #Syria without @UN resolution at the security council. Your a #WARCRIMINAL. @usa
@BarackObama
Try your experiment in Chicago - if it cleans up the violence there, it can work in Detroit.
Let's talk Chicago Obama could care less, another lie coming from the mouth of the Angel of Light, Gun Violence, more rules = 0
WHAT ABOUT SWORDS, KNIVES, AXES, THE THINGS SOME USE
We shouldnt accept @USArmy @usairforce in #Suyria as there is no resolution at @UN security council. Youre violating Syria's..
start in Chicago! Where is the concern there?
By guns or by people? Last I checked a gun is an inanimate object that can not shoot on it's own. Guns r not dangerous. Ppl r
Something has to be done, changed, common sense must prevail!
they are cut short by people NOT guns!! You want to control people!! You have no respect
1776 because i know what u want to do ...u fake leader...your just a yes man
About 570,000 people die annually in the U.S. due to drug use. Which is a bigger problem?
Like in Chicago RT @yannick_bisson: RT @BarackObama: We shouldn't accept this as normal. #DisarmHate
We make cars safer all the time yet people still still die in them! Its who's "controlling"  the device that's the problem!
My brain being controlled by satellite. I was attacked by satellite laser
Let's create laws to outlaw murder.
Most people those in your home, Chicago where gun laws are strictest. #2A #TrumpPence2016
Gun restrictions "not to be infringed" in any way! Close the borders and stop giving guns to criminals in Fast and Furious!
No surprise here. 5-ND scholarship players arrested for drugs and violent crimes..Obama blames guns..?
Many people are also killed by cars knives food even water are you gonna try to ban those to i mean come on
typical stupid liberal, blaming guns and white people for what the Naggers have done.
@TandrewsRN How about addressing ISIS & terrorist here in US illegally you numb nuts!
Stay outta Louisiana we don't need you!
more people die from car accidents than guns. Why not ban cars?
Yes! Cause every city should be like Chicago right?
@BarackObama
#LordInYourMercy
sounds like you need to get to work in Chicago.
THANK YOU, for your time and work for America
AMEN! It's horrible how people take it as its normal  
(BTW you were always my favourite president and it will never change)
This is not about guns, it's the condition of the human heart.
congratulation no violencia is the best choice, Pastor Dikson
kill all sorts of guns.
let's put that number in perspective.If you are going to throw out #'s  Most gun violence occurs in black on black gangs.
very good point..statistics proved to be true more than believed
USA is not a preemptive attack with the nucleus, which is excepted the countries that have nuclear weapon.
stop giving them to the enemy in iraq then...
11 percent of them in your own neighborhood! Clean the hood not the gun cabinet !
so stupid
@_juliannemoore all that you'll accomplish is leaving law abiding citizens defenseless from this hate! #better screening
@_juliannemoore you can't "disarm hate." Those that hate and use guns for that hate will always have access to guns.
:by drunk drivers than guns, only robbers, and drug dealers kill others with guns, not law abiding citizens, Obama your a lier.
:lies every word out of his mouth is a lie, Obama is a lieing forked tongue devil, more people are killed by Abortion and drunk
and what about traffic fatalities? Ladder fatalities? All surpass guns, and Most in Chicago.
@POTUS Everyday THOUS of AmericanCivilians R RemotelyTortured W Electromagnetic, ScalarWave,Microwave & DirectedEnergyWEAPONS
I @BarackObama @POTUS Declare During MyFinal100Days I Will Declassify&End USG Civilian HumanTortureEXPERIMENTS #sike
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
that is a startling statistic Mr President.
About 80% are committed by blacks with guns so maybe we should ban weapons from all blacks and I bet 50% aren't registered.
@BarackObama
MORE THAN 300 MILLION AMERICANS ARE UNEMPLOYED!!! FACTS
30,000+ Americans die in car accidents each yr (http://www.statisticbrain.com/car-crash-fatality-statistics-2/ …) but I don't see you saying we should go back to horses
it's the people using the guns, the guns can't shoot by themselves.
Your numbers are lies like most of what you say. How about Blacks killing Blacks all over the country. What's your plan?
Countless numbers could be cut short now that it's known you pay ransoms.
what's yours thoughts on Louisiana ?
maybe we should address you know, the reasons why they think they need to use them
Look in the mirror, you're the evil hate-perpetrator divider in every way possible for the last 8 yrs in this nation! GO GOLF !
yeah let's take away all the guns and give them to Isis, that sounds like a great plan mr supreme leader
what's the count of lives cut short by bats, knives, domestic abuse, drugs, unfair justice system. People kill people.
Much less than murdered by abortion.
In 2014 there were 32,675 deaths by automobiles. Get rid of cars? Uphold the laws, not disarm law abiding citizens!!
what you dont say is that 2/3rds of that number are suicides. You aint taking my guns you commie buracrat
@BarackObama
every year 40,000 males die of AIDs/HOV
by how many legally obtained firearms?
Inflamatory stats attempted assault on #2ndAmendment 

@HillaryClinton
you won't  take are guns #FREEDOM
is that a question or statement. Sad subject.
Ion gun issu i am with you
this shows u DO NOT give a f'k about places like chicago. U should B opening ur f'ing mouth about the blackONblack shootings
u 4get 2 state the HIGH number have 2 do w/criminal shooting others all w/DIRTY/illegals street guns. IR Chicago,Compton,etc
can't include 4'S on those that commit suicide this is NOT gun violence towards others this has 2 do w/mental illness of sorts
gun violence is higher in the most restrictive cities/states vs states that protect the 2nd amendment 4 law abiding citizens
why don't u break down the actual stats. There r NO connections between gun homicides & firearm ownership by law abiding ppl
5 more months. When are you going to outlaw autos? They kill more than guns.
20,000 of those are   Suicide but that's none of my business
Merge medical records into background checks to red flag the mentally ill.
my understanding is this has mostly gotten worse since you have been in office... #Accountability
and I don't know why yours hasn't yet
CHICAGO, CHICAGO, THAT MURDERING TOWN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Matt how many x has black taken guns 2 schls, malls, cinemas 2 vanquish pple? So gun violence is across d lines not just black
#DicksoutforHarambe
@BarackObama
I think pedestrians and cyclists should be warned too to be careful around mobile vehicles.
or some type of executive action is necessary.
thank you http://www.truth-out.org/opinion/item/35332-president-obama-s-lesser-known-legacy-arms-dealer-in-chief …
55k from influenza and pneumonia, cancer and heart disease 1M combined! Maybe talk to big pharma, sounds a bit more urgent!!!
Congress does need to act.  Eliminate gun free zones.  Get rid of dangerous gun control laws, like in your hometown of Chicago.
not a lot when compared to 500,000 related to obesity
so that's roughly 17x more likely to die from a poor diet than guns #justthefacts
Smoking causes 480000 deaths a year every year for the past 200 years. Congress supports it by not outlawing it.
, meanwhile 584,000 die a year from #cancer, #DisarmHate by teaching respect for ALL human life #alllivesmatter
one of America's biggest issues and some fail to see it. It hasn't a hope if Trump prevails. Scary thought !!!
GM Mr. Barack. Have a GOoD Day.
who writes this stuff down for you?! I can't believe you have time to tweet. Love your wife, and utilize your good humor.
How many lives Americans cut shot every year in Iraq , Syria, Afghanistan. Any idea about acting against this barbarism.
@BarackObama
The days of Wild, Wild West are over. We are in the era of Wise, Wise West. Human life is sacrosanct and should be protected.
your grabing straws Barack. Stuffer punishments and accountability
: i not speak's engglish,kalau sudah mahir bahasa inggris saja,saya akan meluangkan santai untuk berbincang sama anda. #peace
Good morning M. PRESODENT.
If that afct has come, it's probably you have to regulate use of gun.
M. RESIDENT lets go.
Guns don't kill people. People kill people. Guns aren't the problem. People are.
And it NEVER happens in any other Western civilised country. --wonder why!.could it be strict gun laws?
Congress, congress, that big illusion, is a colorful stage where clowns do not if to mask, to deceive the population.
that has to be wrong! Thats more than four times the combined deaths in Iraq and Afghanistan of US servicemen in one year!
2nd Amendment or not, Americans prove on a DAILY Basis that something needs to be done! @HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump
and many of those shot and killed by the police.  #DisarmOppression #DisarmThePolice
republicans & nra loves that although it cuts into profit-30K less to buy like cigs!
how many from heart disease? Or alcohol? If your using the "too much death" argument, fix the problems you can with $ first
Your statistics are incorrect if they are dissected. So you lie again.
That was the population of my home town in the fifties.  What can we do?
You failed with that after all the laws in Chicago. Now you want to stick the whole US with more? You are a joke POTUS-failure
I support u  Mr President
And, on average, 37.3 thousands lives of black babies have been cut short by abortion since 1973.  Disarm Abortion rights!
And one hell of alot more by cars. But who is most killed by guns BLACK criminals killing other BLACK criminals & kids
YOU shouldn't accept #DakotaAccessPipeline either!
#DisarmHate #DisarmCorporateAmericaFirst
they are cut short by mental health problems that are not addressed
30k isnt killed by hate. very little is killed by hate and guns. more are killed with fists and blunt objects
Yes. Death penalty for violent crimes with a gun.
shame on you!!!! Bad people is always going to have guns. You are going to control just good people.
you can legislate hate and love?
Sorry, I am falling for this one. Your right, the Congress should act by restoring checks and balance in government.
好想成為美利堅合眾國的一員
We shouldn't accept a government (or "leader") that produces multiple false flags (e.g.,  Sandy Hook) to disarm its citizens.
I agree but the louse from KS elected to serve are fearmongers much like the NRA. When one of their kids is a victim maybe ...
you first! Disarm all those secret service agents protecting you and yours.
#DisarmHate -
Not Americans...
worked out great in Chicago....
JUST  RESIGN NOW!
this is ridiculous. People kill people. . .Ban tobacco with this same logic!
DT is a crazy man
knives, bats, and fists kill far more !  you r covrd by big gun protection, but who cares about us?!? U sure don't seem to!
@repmica @marcorubio Outlaw Assault Weapons Now
その通りです！
good
thanks
Go work in Inner City Police Dept. in your hometown of Chicago for 30 Days & give us your recommendations on what needs fixing
is allowing taxpayer funding of experiments that use human stem cells to create animal embryos that are partly human normal?
A large number of deceased live your state.
I disagree with how you propose to do this.
true but shame about your refusal to speak honestly about Islamism and jihadism
It's not the guns fault, it's the idiot pulling the trigger. Terrorist are using knives, bombs
resign you are the worst president in US history, if you think otherwise you are indeed delusional, besides being racist.
it's not normal to promise your voters that you'd send out bumper stickers and never follow thru either.
right true
you are so right.
very vague, does that include justified police shootings and self defense?
Same number as killed in auto accidents maybe we should ban cars too !!#NRA
I read "guns" as "puns" and thought "sounds about right".
