GOD blesses you more and more mr President.
ты чмо и мудак за то что ты говоришь плохо о России
Happy birth day Mr.Presiden Obama
happy birthday Mr president
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. PRESIDENT !!!. Keep up the good work while you're still in the Big House.
Who the fuck tweets a birthday card to himself 4 others to sign? Only a narcissistic piece of crap
you are quite the ass, just sayin
I'm sure all 11 of your followers agree with you
.  Correction....all 12 of them, lol.
. And I'm not one of them BTW.
, @OFA. ,@wilks_reginald
,PLEASE, POSSIBILITY
H
I'm a European.  You don't speak for all of us! Trump is universally disliked everywhere outside the USA.
COOL   AWAYS  BLESS
Happy Birthday my favorite president!!!!
he has played his part
Have a fantastic B-day! 
Thank you for your fantastic work as well.
Happy birthday and many more
happy birtday
Happy Birthday!
HBD
The Happiest of Birthdays to you, Sir!
Happy Birthday!
Eish I know am late for saying det Happy Birthday Mr Obama
Happy Bday , We honour you and thank God for who you are
are you from natural friend
Happy Birthday Mr.President
The most unqualified POTUS in history, has the nerve to call someone unfit! 
You were unfit on day 1 an unfit on the last!
wrong he saved our country from gop bush before him who bankrupted us got mm
Obama has doubled the debt you idiot. Democrats are stupid - get their facts from the late show.
you can always tell the Obama haters by how insulting abusive they r to try and make a point.no respect for u
happy birthday to you sir.
happy birthday Tour the best president
sorry iTS Your the best president
#HAPPYbirthday President .@BarackObama - with love & respect always. Thank you so much for being a wonderful role model as a leader & man.
Not only for ur country we(india) also pride about such a dynamic person.
3 make him president forever! Fock trump and his stupid brains
Happy Birthday!
happy Birthday  Mr president
HAPPY  BARTH   DAY  TO  YOU
love u
happy birthday!!
happy birthday to you Mr President
#HappyBirthdayBarackObama
@BarackObama
Sir, Many many happy returns of the day.
happy birthday Mr president hope to be a blessed one  ps have a drink on me
Happy Birthday Mr. President. I wish you could Run for a 3rd, 4th and 5th time.
Happy Birthday  Mr president
@BarackObama – at Padaria Do Laguna
Happy Birthday and may the LORD bless you with many many more years.
thanks for being a awful president
Happy 55th Birthday!
They forgot the comma. You deserve a comma in your birthday wish.
Happy Birthday President Obama respect and love from Algeria.
happy birthday, sass master
I love you Forever!!! I wish you HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
You are a true friend, so please don’t change ever! Happy Birthday, and may every wish you have come true!
Happy birthday, Barack obama ji
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday, President Obama! !
happy birthday President Obama . God bless you always!!
happy birthday president Obama
many many happy returns of the day...
I congratulate from the bottom of my heart for your birthday from Luanda Angola !
Happy Birthday Mr. President 
,Good morning,sir, President,Obama,Happy Birhtday ,hugs sir in from .
Recall this!, http://easycolorexpress.com 
well I can't add my name But happy birthday President
Happy birthday to youuuuuuu
happy birthday greatest man ever.
happy birthday sir
Happy Birthday, Mr. President. It's my birthday, too.
.@BarackObama #HappyBirthday Mr President! 
VIVIAN MIDDLETON. HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRESIDENT OBAMA.WISHING YOU THE BEST!
Happy B'Day @BarackObama
happy birthday
Happy Birthday Mr. President. God bless, and guide you.
.. Wishing You a Happy Birthday and Many More To Come! Enjoy your Day Mr. President.
How narcissistic can you be? Do u get off on all the stupid mellinial twits fawning after u? They're to stupid to know ur plans
dear sir many more happy returns of the day and i wish you a very happy birthday allah kareem to u and your lovibg family
. Happy birthday OUR President. Wishing you all the best years ahead.
. Happy birthday OUR PRESIDENT and MENTOR. Happy more returns.
Happy Birthday President Obama you're the best
Happy birthday President, may the almighty give you more courage and strength to face the challenges.
Mmmmm
Happy birthday Mr. President Barack Obama.
Happy Birthday.Mr. President, Obama.
happy birthday
. Happy B day to my prez!
#HappyBirthday,@BarAckOBaMa,
#Brother @TerryBeswickSF
HAPPY BIRTHDAY POTUS
:Long Life and wealthy health that my deepest wishes for you. HBD!
happy birthday mate, glad to share my lioness day with u, n party on queen mum, having knees up in the sky...
Happy Birthday to President Obama.#HBD
the Great sole,the first of the modern world,soon have 55,sign him card,American no forget of to give help the Great President!

Happy Birthday Mr.President !!
Today is a birthday me, too.
zorionak tio!
Happy birthday POTUS
オバマ大統領 @BarackObama のアカウント、今日風船飛んでる。かわいいなオバマ。はぴば！
h.f.b
Resign
Less than 100 days 
Step 1: Sign President Obama's birthday card. 
 Step 2: Celebrate. http://ofa.bo/2asC8nW  
 
@BarackObama
@SeverinKakudji Happy birthday
Happy birthday Mr. President! :) (i know it's too late to celebrate i am sorry)
Dear Mr President, With best wishes for your birthday and appreciation for your achievements in office.
it's hard to penetrate steel you have to melt it down
Happy Birthday Mr President; don't mean to spoil your day but can u tutor Donald Trump
I know it seems like most all American people have forgotten or were not concerned...let this disprove that.. Happy Birthday!
bon anniversaire
Happy birthday Mr.President my bday is tomorrow
@BarackObama
Happy BDay!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND MANY MORE!!!!!
Happy Birthday, Mr. President!
Tuesday is Barack Obama's Kill-list meeting, as every Tuesday Obama will kill kids in Pakistan+Afghanistan! "Celebrate" that!
Salam Mr. President.. happy birthday.. May the rest of your days at the White House be fruitful.. all the best..
@BarackObama
Happy Birthday.  Thank you.
= #EpicFail TRUST @realDonaldTrump & @mike_pence TO #MAGA #TrumpPence16  #NeverHillary #NeverForget #Benghazi
Happy birthday Mr. President Barack Obama.
You are a blessing to this country. Happy Birthday, Mr. President
happy birthday president Obama
happy birthday sir
happy birthday sir
Happy Happy Birthday. I sent you a card.
worst president EVER #MAGA #CantStopTheMovement AGAINST YOU!!
Happy bday Kid!!!
Happy birthday Mister President. 
Fromage a french Citizen.
Happy Birthday!!!  Wishing you many, many more!!!
wish you happy birthday sir
Happy Birthday  Thank you for your inspiring leadership Sure going to miss you and Michelle, the girls and Stay in touch
Happy birthday President Obama. You're the best!
Happy birthday Mr president! You're doing a wonderful job!
HAPPY Birthday Mr President Barack Obama many wishes
happy birthday Mr. President
God bless you Mr. President Barack Obama. You are the best! We love you! 
Happy Birthday brother #leosruleallothersdrool
HAPPY BIRTHDAY President
sir Thanking you god
@GEanalyst  anyone signing this is either under the age 12 or part of the corrupt administration.
HBD- you served well- incredible. Keep it Up!
. Happy birthday Barack Obama , you are a great leader and you still remains my role model. God bless America and Africa.
Americans don't like you getting involved in this election!  Donald Trump is going to be the next president!  Go Trump!
hello
Happy Birthday to u and GOD BLESS U and your FAMILY
not presidential  at all and mature when you criticised your potential successor before a foreign leader. think before you talk
tomorrow
happy birthday mister president, wish your successor will continue your work, wish America will be open, tolerant, pacifist!
Happy Birthday 
Unfit? Isis stronger, ntl debt doubled, payoffs to Iran! Yes you are the most unfit POTUS ever! Killary would be worse!!!
happy birthday to you
Mr.President,happy birthday !
I congratulate from the bottom of my heart for your birthday from Japan !
: happy birthday sir i wish you always happy and healthy
Happy birthday

Happy Birthday to ya, Happy Birthday (Stevie's son) Be Blessed
who cares!
Pope: It's 'terrible' kids taught they can choose gender. Because of Obama, this is happening.
Happy Birthday to you,Our own.
Happy Birthday! Mr President, Have a Wonderful, and Blessed Birthday.
Happy birthday one of my favorite leader
happy birth day to you
you have given black people nothing. They won't have 2 nickels to rub together after you are gone. Typical black thinking.
happy birthday Mr President!
Have a fantastic birthday!  Blessings to you and your family. Please continue to be a blessing!!!
: happy birthday sir
Happy birth day Mr. President!
