criminal!! #MAGA
I can recommend you a really good psychologist if you want to deal with your paranoia
how's that for paranoia. Plus check what came from FBI releases today. Don't let Globalists win! It'll be bye bye USA
"how's that for paranoia"
That's an admirable example of your paranoia, yes. Sure you don't want that number?
.@BarackObama 

This appointment now belongs to @realDonaldTrump.

Not to you.

Have a great day!
Do you even understand how propaganda works?
Well, theres this:
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Love of country implores you to appoint him NOW.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10153572930182255&substory_index=0&id=227301997254 …
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
@DorisHart1 YES , it's time that all of Congress mind you who have been elected by the people to really earn their paychecks!!
hi
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …
MR.PRESIDENT,THE OFFICE AND OUR PEOPLE BEG YOU TO COME BACK,AND END THE CRAP STORM WHICH IS THE ORANGE MENACE.
you would have been among the greatest.  Instead history will hang you in effigy of being the worst president in history.
Mr Obama how can you sleep?

帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
can you say 'BULLSHIT' !!!
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
MY VOTE WOULD BE NO.
hi
yes!!!!
obama is so weak, http://operline.ru/content/v-mire/aleppo-i-mosul-ochevidnoe-neochevidnoe-infografika.html …
هاي انا من
Good morning President. You are been the big President of the USA history. Thank you very much
STANDING ROCK IS IN DANGER YOU NEED TO TAKE ACTION NOW STOP THE DAPL..
if they vote maybe we may think sanity is returning
keep pushing Mrs President, I will pray they listen.
let trump do that don't you monkey man
lol. Rubio won't say anything to get elected.  Hence he won't endorse the crooked one.
Trump promises more jobs for African Americans. How many does he currently employ? Great job ×8 years Mr President 
Mr. Obama, I vote for you twice, in your heart do you think Hillary is best for the country?
boss is always  boss
SVP merci d'empecher TRUMP de passer sinon c'est la fin pour tous
yeah man no one belive from now and apove
Hi sir you was a good president for us thank you for your hellping you do whith Afghanistan
you Rock Mr President
Mr President I would vote for you again but since we are Americans we can't do I'll will vote for Hillary
Hillary is the next president trump is full of lies
not while your in our house
I'm OUTRAGED that they REFUSED to meet Garland & approve him.  Why do they think they  can DEFY your right to fill the seat?
The best POTUS, EVER!!!
your in bed with crooked Hillary and meetings with Creamer. Can't trust your judgement
I can't wait for you to leave. Please leave the country!
no vote!
down vote
keep the pressure on!
I'm sure that deliberations will start on November 9th.
no votes until we have a new POTUS
I am sorry mean people have been mean to you and FLOTUS. I am embarrassed by some people of the US. You are a wonderful man. TY
The GOP is a disgrace here
these Republican senators haven't done their jobs in 8 years.
Nope
#quit whining
You haven't done enough to damage this country, so you want to fuck up the SCOTUS too?
Hillary lied about classified info on her server.http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/301297-fbi-releases-100-new-pages-from-clinton-case …
liar you said you didn't know about Clinton email server but you emailed her on it so please shut up and get out of my house
don't you think it is time to stop acting like spoiled children and seat a Supreme Court Justice. Have some dignity.
Do your job, get rid of the Trillions in debt you put us under.
yes he should definitely join the group what a shame what a waste!
Heyyy seni kahrolası pislik! abd'nin karaOĞLANI @BarackObama!

O Feto buraya gelecek!.. 
duydun mu?.. anlıyon mu?
stop wasting yours and our time. Not going to happen. Your phone is disconnected and your pen is out of ink. #loser
i
REP haven't changed since Day 1, 2008~No things Obama still stands. History shines on fools brighter against intelligence. ~44.
they still refuse to work but want to get paid. SMDH! "Regular folks" would have been fired way before now.
Every Justice nominated by a democrat HATES THE US CONSTITUTION
Kagan
SotoMayor
Gingsberg

all activists and USA haters
. Lol do your job
Clinton using the mentally ill & homeless...there is NOTHING they won't do...legal or illegal.

Absolutely! Its an insult not to give this judge a fair chance. Who can i write to so i can voice my opinion?
#Liar #flipflop #stfu
THERE'S NOT GOING TO BE MUCH LEFT OF THAT DEAD HORSE, IF YOU KEEP THIS B.S. UP !!!!!!!!!!!
Senate #DoYourJob. Remember November is almost here and I VOTE!!!
SECRET REVOLUTION:PARK GEUN HYE TODAY,CHINESE COMMUNIST PARTY,
REVOLUTIONARY IDEAS MY COUNTRY PERVADED THE WHOLE LAND
HELLO,PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA,RED IS USUALLY CONSIDERED AS A REVOLUTIONARY COLOR
it Dont matter, we are about to vote alot of people out. I'm tired of this bs!
yeah.   that's fair
Nobody cares, crybaby. Last ditch effort to destroy America. Suprised your following the 2 term limit honestly.
SO if they aren't doing their job, then I guess you weren't doing your job when you were a Senator.  You did this very stunt.
dont kill my familly droit aurapatri,ent usa and fiance thives juges Merrick graland and gen martin
POTUS for SCOTUS.
yes!
Judge Garland's Did not make his job in case agaianst Unitronics and Judge Collyer-Company with only 50,000 DM Germany mark

NO you have done ALL the damage you could. And set Negro people back 100 years
@lee_rainwater  I think u can do better. keep looking.
I'm with you and her!
Remember Arizona we do NOT have full SCOTUS bc @senjohnmccain put PARTY ahead of country. He's unfit for the US Senate
they are. They have advised that they don't consent
Yes, he does, Mr. President. Judge Garland is one of the best SCOTUS political picks ever; satisfies REPs & DEMs. Hear him out!
Whatever has happened to America, Let us pray Voters in election 2016 Puts America 1st for Justice &for our KIDs
Pound sand
I totally and emphatically agree with you. I hope Hillary feels the same
So u thought u could shut down wiki leaks  NOT
could it be that a Trump candidate exist because the elected leaders are NOT doing there job
i say dump em and go all blue when @HillaryClinton wins. They had their chance
you're a lame duck president. let's let president @realDonaldTrump appoint the next justice
HELL NO
He deserves a vote.
And Trump talks about corruption. A joke!
we will let President Trump decide who's next to fill this spot...YOU HAVE DONE ENOUGH DAMAGE TO OUR COUNTRY...
@MikeCrapo Senator Crapo-U made UR decision on Judge Garland or are U as confused by that as UR support for @realDonaldTrump?
.Tangkap. H.Sudirman,H jefri Neor,H.Hasan basri bakar(ujk) Dari Prosiden  LPD dan Sekjen PBB.
FROF".MUKHLIS MOMOK.
judge judy garland?
good try
The #GOP just announced (then retracted) a threat to block ANY #SCOTUS nominee from Hillary. Vote them OUT in November!
not til after Donald Trump becomes President
Too bad Patty Judge isn't getting more support in the Iowa Senate race.
Grassley needs retired. Too partisan for balanced Iowa.
not while you walk the halls of the Whitehouse.
Definitely! Enough with the delay! And #NeverTrump #NeverPence
Look at this, O trying to take the focus off wikileaks and crooked Hillary.

If u supprot Cannabis, please vote in AZ online
Why are they still getting paid for not doing their job. They sure won't get a vote from me for not doing it. Do your job!!!
so true!!! In your corner!
Now the Do-Nothing-Congress says they may block all Pres. HR Clinton nominees. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/john-mccain-hillary-clinton-supreme-court_us_58050653e4b0162c043d4c9a …
man where is the Black Judges!! You owe us that!!! You hear how This #racist #socalledJudge feel about @Kaepernick7 Protest?!!!
They won't.....why doesn't the federal govt. deduct a chunk of $ from their salary so
No. No no no. No thanks.
invitation 4 Premiere of @OURJOURNEYALIVE Nov 1 @ 6:30pm @WacoHippodrome 1st ever reality series dedicated to abuse survivors.
fuck off muslem
I concur!!
So Your OK With A Sitting POTUS Being Owned By A Foreign Country?? If You Give Someone $25M You Have Expectations!! Crooked HRC
Hillary is owned by Saudi Arabia for $25M..."Pay To Play"...$25M Donation To "The Clinton Foundation" You OK With Hillary????
we wonder in Los Angeles if judges in LA Superior court are republicans. They allow banks steal homes and evict homeowners
Hillary Deserves Her Day In Court! You have prevented that from Happening? This is a Fair & Just Legal System??
all hail, the greatest man on earth
whats sad is the Republicans dont care abt qualifications, only if theyre a Democrat or Republican.
LOOK at McConnell & his R supporters spitting in our eyes as they deny our right to have a say on things that affect our lives
they are saving the seat to be nominated by a "role model" like Drumph
just leave you anti-American piece of crap. You've done enough damage. FRAUD!!!
Glad they recognized something other then their bank accts.WEALTHY AS HELL OUR PUBLIC SERVANTS Pigs eating to high off the hog!
if the #StrongerTogether Senators can not uphold the #constitution they should #resign or #start amendment procedures.
if the GOP  SENATORS
What is those republican pukes in the senate doing , this is 1939 its 2016  get things done
Gujarat bole AAP AAP  Punjab bole AAP AAP  Goa bole AAP AAP bhrat bole AAP AAP Hindustan ki party AAP AAP 
wait for Hillary....
on Nov 9th the GOP will approve Garland's nomination. Bet on it
you're okay with journalists being arrested? I thought you were a "Constitutional lawyer" ?
Lets have the hearing once Hillary is in the White  House
GOP cant do their job because they are being held politically hostage by the lunatic base they created with Faux News.
let's do this republicans!
Merrick Garland subscribes to a false premise. We are better off without him.
GOP is going to set a congressional record for Garland's appointment after they lose this election
you were trying to offer a middle ground but now we want a DEM in there no favors for them they have trash us
no more republicans now after how they have attacked H and Dem party
you know if I didn't do my job I would get  fired! You ready 1...2...3 YOU'Re FIRED!
!! @BarackObama Sounds this familiar to you?
Well said Obama
