if your business can't afford to pay an increased minimum wage, then your business model is broken. Time to pack it in.
you bringing in that cash? Right!
you can be replaced by millions of others. Thats why you get paid what you get paid.
you have no idea about market.
if a business is paying less than it costs to live, the market is dysfunctional.
Tell Renault JanisWheelchrs.com3wksOutCo/5ThFlrLtlWillard,UsedFreePwchr
Ransacked on Labby Canned Food!!!!MailRiperHackR,OnceForAllPlease
Mr President
Please do something with middle east
But politically not military
I agree with you on that
@Marc_Perrone Tell them Mr President
7.25 an hour isn't enough to make ends meet. Which is what motivates people to educate themselves or learn trades that pay more
are u saying congress stopped u from raising minimum wage?
@Dr_Ford_1bill Federal Employees haven't had one either
Wow!
are you  going  to  raise  it before  you  leave office
Can't blame you Senate Repubs Play games stall work. Pathetic
...
If the wages were raised $0.20 each year since 1976 the min wage would have been $15.00 ! as of date!
@JoeBiden @JoyAnnReid @FareedZakaria @maddow
If the wages were raised by $.20/yr since 1976 min wage would have been $15.00, as of date!
So, where have you been for the last 7 years.
And Trump wants to get rid of it.
why don't you live on half your wage and give us the rest..
I agree
Marsha RoundupRawhideTEAM,CONCORD TexasRickReunionpicnicTakeOLDS Pubs Unbecomeing,Everyboby???
talk is nice but we need action #ImWithHer
YOU NEED CHANGES>>
EVCONOMY  <<DOWN>>PEOPLE PAY TO MUCH NWORK HARD
hey dummy, minimum wage jobs aren't supposed to!! That is why high school kids take those jobs DOH!!
I thought minimum wage was for kids in high school and people just starting out in the working world.
amen..you make America Great
If you've made the economy so great, why do u need to raise it to $15. Wouldn't a strong economy automatically raise wages?
if u raise the minimum wage to high ppl that work in Walmart or fast food will be replaced with robots which ppl don't get
yed
everything is 9 .00 dollars in Walgreens ,truly 250 a week can not doing it
@sacca He, and you don't get it! Will put small business's out of business. Military makes far less than $15!
#RaiseTheWage for ALL! @NFB_voice #PWD #Subminimum Wage! B/C of 14C Lets END that!More: http://dol.gov/general/topic/ …
#RaiseTheWage for ALL! #PWD still make #Subminimum Wage! B/C of 14C Est. 1930's Lets END that! More:
yet here  you sit  doing nothing but blaming the GOP  for your failures
coolest thing said.
then change it dick. YOU ARE THE PRESIDENT. Why try to pass it onto the next one? Fake ass dude. #NWT (niggas with trump)
let's not intentionally cause inflation.
I AGREE 100%. ITS A SHAME.
maybe it was your job???
a lot has changed in those 7yrs everything went up
What about Social Security? @AARP @AARPadvocates
7.25 is enough for a high school kid gaining experience.  It's not SUPPOSED to be for the father of 3...you fuckwad.
@Mitch_Stewart he didn't raise it either all he did was divided our country with race and Corruption and lies so will Hillary
well you have been in office for 7 years since the last increase and have done nothing. Plus you backed Hillary. What a looser
Recall this! , http://easycolorexpress.com 
How come this was never brought up when the dem had control of house and cen? You could of did that long time ago.
love u sir.
Im a Child You My parents say Im expensive so I'm the reason they get it My bad America!
@Mitch_Stewart that is a beginner job. Not a job meant to stay in for more than training.
Newest InbredBroBigNewrFakgFolator HipsSick,HungaryF1AppSpeakpullupONBOARDArrows
Raise the Wage
Minimum wage is not meant to be a livable wage. It is a wage built to start the careers of citizens to gain higher work wages,
That isn't the governments job. That should be left to the people who you claim you believe in so much. Believe in us!
Nominate FLOTUS to Supreme Court!
Tell the uneducated to get an education it wasn't meant to b a get rich wage. #stupid
America : Freedom to Fascism https://youtu.be/O6ayb02bwp0 
Barack Obama is by far the best president ever.
jist lower yaxes instead and quit giving workers money to oeople who dont work
lets lower the cost of living somehow then the minimum wage would work for alot
This truly is needed in our country, and while we're at it we need to #forgiveabunchofstudentloans.
Amen!
Yes please #RaiseTheWage
@teka21bat wow that is nice of you to agree with @BernieSanders or are you trying to take credit?
Also raise SSI so that recipients can live comfortably.  No one is as vocal to this issue. This program needs help now!
Go President Obama we here in Indiana believe in you sir.
if you do that, low-qualified workers will be unemployed.
@merewaltman
@DeclanBurke2 your long enough there to have noticed that before now!
absolutely!!
How about make it easier for small biz to employ ppl -decrease the regs and asinine biz taxes!  @BarackObama @sacca
The federal minimum wage hasn't been raised since 2009. $7.25 isn't enough to make ends meet—we need to #RaiseTheWage.
you've been in there for 8 years. Why haven't you done it???
@Botrublu WE need work&free Vo tech public schools in the "hood".
@Marc_Perrone worse than that, POTUS, is that in CA, the price for a 2BDR apt requires at least $26/hr. Costs out on control
agree!!!
Businesses owners who do not comply are richer and their employees are starving. 15.00 an hour is the bare  minimum.
instead of raising the minimum wage, how about reducing cost of living? Housing, food, insurances, other monthly fees.
San Mateo County in California has raised the minimum wage to 15.00 dollars an hour! Congratulations! And it is about time!
no, we don't.
with the United States of terrorist murderers Obama.......
It took you 7 years to figure that out - wow, wow, Wow!! Now you wanna do something about it? Bernie woke you up?
@soniakits the real problem is inflation. 40 bil/mo created out of thin air causes buying power of $$ to go down.
If we care about poor citizens, we could increase federal spending programs to help. Why should businesses pay if we won't?
- a real leader would have helped create an economic environment where breadwinners didn't need minimum wage jobs.
The White House must be a rock and you living under it ! I make $17.00 an hour a can't make ends meet !!! WTF ??
small businesses, less than 50
employees should  be exempt from mandatory minimums. Larger companies held to wage laws.
less talk more action!
Hello Mr. President,
My boy friend turns 62  Aug 4th. I am bringing him to DC . We have a WH tour Friday  can he meet you?
Good Jobs Detroit. Vacuum Wheel produces lift at Highway Speeds! Existing Fleet, Aluminum Steel. Jobs!
maybe so but 15.00 bucks is insanity! Get Real BHO! You're as clueless as your party leaders! Hillary is a criminal - so are U!
We need a raise the rich get richer and the poor get poorer this is the USA the land of the free and the home of the brave
.@BarackObama Yes! Let's raise minimum wage to $1000 per hour! We'll all be rich! Rich I tells ya! #RaiseTheWage
if the cost of living goes up every year, why wouldn't minimum wage go up with it?
because the middle class wasn't important to Obama the past 7 years ! Why have interest now?
i cant wait til you are out ,i havent done a famn thing f okr this country like you said you was going to do
we need to raise the federal minimum wage to  $15.00
blah blah blah blah blah!! Changing the narrative will NOT make #democrats issues go away #hillaryforprison #clowns #DNCinPHL
#RaiseTheWage to $15/hour.
all its going to do is make a McDouble $7, inflation is real, but maybe you Democrats can't see that.
Time to raise it $15 across the board not some stay have it $15.
yeah and lower yours
you are a disappointment
And make it $15. We also need #rentcontrol in the out of control regions of San Francisco, San Jose, and New York
that's an issue too BUT what are you doing to protect the people who are being killed by cops at alarming rates! #HADENOUGHT
minimum wage jobs are not meant to support a family. They are for school kids and as a second job not primary income. Duh.
I just lost my job, cant get unemployment been on (4) job interviews  let me say for (4) interviews no job why FELONYS #FOREAL
and we think we have it hard at £7.25 NMW and it goes up annually
$7.25 an hour won't even make it to any end. Time to raise everyone to a Living Wage.
and shockingly? Alabama and SC, neither one honor the 7.25.  Imagine that.
minimum wage is a starting point for entry lever workers! Not a life sentence! Don't put small bizniz out of bizniz
yes we do need a raise. A single person, let alone a single parent can't survive.
why you did not rase it ass
oh be quite... You had 8 years to do something., now step down..
quit tweeting
well then why did you?
Don't understand why you need to ask permission. Certain things must be imposed.you are the executive must dare.
And NOW you want to do it?  Carmel talk always, no action. Your time is up.  It will be fixed soon.  Just keep relaxing.
minimum wage isn't about making ends meet...if you have so many people on minimum wage them economy isn't better...proof.
shut up you incompetent excuse of a leader.
...we need to tie the wage to inflation and you know it
@Marc_Perrone
@humbertom842 
Dios quiere darse a...
www idmji org. oficial
what about social security raises none past two years great job Obama
DID YOU TAKE ECONOMICS 101? THIS WILL PUT PEOPLE OUT OF WORK, RAISE THE PRICE OF PRODUCT, REDUCE THE DEMAND. YOUR NOT TO BRIGHT
I agree but the cost of living all other food items, clothes, rent shouldn't raise because it defeats the purpose for the raise
yes sir! 
stop taxing so much
= £5.52 that's shocking !
then people will complain   that 15 dollars isn't enough
California is $10!!!
because of the geographic differences and cost of living's it should be done state to state
well you had years to raise it.....
potus poo
Well , let's see. You were in office for the last 8 years. Why didn't you do something.
it should be $15.00 Dollars a hour Mr. PRESIDENT
no!
Ain't no way an adult trying to live and raise a family can do it  with the minimum wage.
you guys cheated Bernie and now you deserve Trump.
you have run for office but have never run a business. You have no clue what you're talking about.
and it only took you 7 years to figure it out... Wow, tour so in touch with the common American...
Businesses are driven by the market and robbed by the govt.
I am a waitress who sometimes makes barely $6 an hour. What can we do about that? (big fan, by the way)
Federal govt continuously extorts taxpayers and still the ends never come close to meeting.
Take a look at the subminimum tipped wage: $2.13 unchanged for almost 25 years. This is equally dismaying.
The federal government is trillions of dollars in debt; it is unqualified to micromanage private business.
...it still wasn't a living wage in 2009. 
Minimum wage USED to mean "living wage"
tell me about it.....we need $18-20 to be honest
Everyone is not trying to make the same ends meet; and people have worked more than one job, when necessary, for decades.
It's meant for teenagers to learn work skills. Not meant for a 40yr old to support a family.
.@BarackObama yet you signed #PROMESA into law that lowers minimum wage for U-25 Americans in Puerto Rico to $4.25
para adelante Señor Presidente.
who's been president since 2009 though?
I am a fan of President Barack Obama n Mrs Hillary Clinton Saginaw Michigan hoping 4 a change we need 2 come together
same here in #Germany , Mr. Ex-President......why will the US vote an idiot called #Trump ???
Mr President You are responsible for murders of millions of innocent Muslims around the globe. 
#FreeTheKashmir
#50yearsofATI
your retirement package +18%...why not put that on hold until you get the raise through for the working folks? #leadbyexample
you're the man. POTUS please make it happen.
bullshit! We need to lower the cost of living!
ur a fool if u think the minimum wage was ever meant to make ends meet. It's for kids doing menial jobs. Spending/gas money
you need to FREE LEONARD PELTIER!!!!!!
@BarackObama
What if you'd lessen regulation and corp. tax so companies could afford paying more? You're the reason this mess even exists.
Yes! $7.25 will buy one hamburger, fries, & a large drink, so we must pay employees more hrly.
Gee, another economically ignorant ass who thinks government can magically raise people's pay. The true minimum wage is ZERO.
then what you did since 1 0 years of president Mr.President
no
