Climate change
Fracking has exploded in the US during your presidency. You're such a champion for the climate. Pffft. #NoDAPL
education again, get some  fracking has nothing to do with climate, climate is a dollar game nothing more,
---,if the president if this picture isn't true or not it's true.his  stupid.there is a chance.
If you're worried about Climate Change, perhaps you should stop the Dakota Access Pipeline & help #StandingRock. #NoDAPL
He said you know what thou doist and have done,  unfreezing thy bottom less pit,  he is furious and oh so glorious.
Yes it is!
Venta Rapida SPM
Stop crying and face the music.
you are dangerous

I remember when our planet was going to freeze.
We need you !!!! Now  Mr.President .....PLEASE !!! Help the good Standing Rock Defenders..PLEASE...Stand up for the good people
Don't you think missile explosion, bringing crisis to our global problems
President Obama. I'm one of the 3 people that voted for you in the state of Utah. Would vote for you now.
Hai sar
انه رجل التناقضات ويمكن ان يسمى برجل الاضداد حتى لايزعل مني واذا اراد. تفصيلا فساخبه بالمباشر...لقدكان فلتة اميركا الى العالم......
You can’t fight God. Climate change is a hoax.
True

*ùùù
Yes the changes  come and go as always since the beginning of time. God is in control .
----talking about president T.
PLEASE...PLEASE ...PLEASE.... #NoDAPL #IStandWithStandingRock #WaterProtectors #environment #KeepItInTheGround #Obama #NeedYou
You must stop militarized police & National Guard from brutalizing people at Standing Rock. I am ashamed of my country today.
What are u saying!
Commitment to climate action = stopping new oil & gas drilling, incl (racist) pipelines in ND. Will already reach 1.5C
U know climate change really affects us all.
how does it affect us...please tell!
Sure! We'll see more destructive storms, forest fires. Species go extinct. Crops fail, not enough water. Millions of refugees.
sounds like climate has always changed.  I know...we need to jail Mother Nature!
Yeah. We've always called them seasons. Lol
We need you more than ever #barackbabycomeback
Just another reason to #VoteBlue
Plant trees. The change is natural not manmade. Planting trees will help.
Tell that to the successor Idiot In Chief.
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 ,평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Good old man, blessing you, good morning, good night, good night, yes, Lord, Lord, Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health,
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
please daddy come home we need u
Indeed climate change is a clear and present danger which must be tackled with all the arsenals at our disposal. It's dangerous.
All we at Memory Tree Initiative in Ghana are saying is that human needs must be met in sync with nature. We cannot destroy the earth.
3m ma@w× aww
Actually your plans against climate change would literally starve billions of ppl.
Prve štiri leta sem spremljala vaše predsedniško delo, saj sem bila vesela, da so vas izvolili, potem sem izgubila zaupanje.
Veld fire
more insanity -- you want to destroy USA it is clear- traitor
They have been denying it for more than 50 years. For the sake of money and greed. Try eating a $50 bill.
Climate Change, what about Black men being locked up and the lack of economic opportunity and a Black Woman on the Supreme Ct.
its all bullshit,
How we miss you !!
your listening to the wrong scientist!  It's all a political ploy!!  Liar liar
why didn't you do more when you had the chance?
lol @washingtonpost zero credibility.
Lets just hope we see sense.
You are a bad joke.   On this and everything else.   BYE BYE.   Amerca is Greater already.   In a week.
Yours is a fake Twitter account.
it is called fire it is not climate change. It can happen when a squirrel farts in front of a glowing match
@edjude1 @washingtonpost Its been happening since the year dot.Its never stayed the same so why should it start now ?
koGiHi
All global citizens shall have to cobtribute to mitigate sufferings due to this happening.

#climatechange
start a movement
Truth
why couldn't you run for another term...exceptions should have been made or @JoeBiden should HAVE RAN!!!!
I know you said it would be ok, but I'm having such a hard time believing it. Please come back! I miss you and @JoeBiden
I miss you! 
I can't believe this is happening to our democracy!!
I MISS U!
Miss you.
I'm glad you are still in the fight!
Please guide us in how to resist this abominable administration!
Help, Mr. President! We need you back!!

Keep speaking the truth. We need you.
I miss you terribly as our president
climate change is happening. Natural evolution, man has no power to stop it, seriously affect it.
You are sorely missed, Mr President.
we all need to take care of this beautiful earth we were given 
you realise he's not in charge anymore right? 
:(
of course.
I wish he could save us
he would just kill us.
Was the increase in fires caused by increased fuel caused by lack of controlled burning . . . or just climate change???
Then why did you oversee the largest expansion of oil infrastructure and fracking in American history? #neoliberalconartist
Please help us! This Administration is taking our rights and our freedoms along with the sacred land we live on!
.@BarackObama Any Chance anyone in Congress willing to Impeach Trump or cause Executive Amendments to be defunded and the choice of States?
potus44. Come help the earth please!
We tried, but the Electoral College neglects scientific consensus and so has endangered the world.
Sad that our immature leader took it off the white house site.
دوست عزیز محترم اوباما اسلام بسیاریک شخصیت عزیز اهستی  مردم افغان زمین ترا بسیا ر دوست دارند آباد باشی
W
climate change is not caused by humans it happens about every 10,000 years
climate change or  global warming whichever  you want to call it is proven to be not caused by humans
we've been in climate change.for 10,000 yrs..ice age....stop the chem trails and weather manipulation..oh...agenda 21!
this is 1 BS it's been so cold in Florida never in the history was so cold stop being so ignorant people
If drumpf doesn't continue to carry on your good work we will all be the less for it.
Anyone in this tweet know when the Earth will end? and does anyone know if this has happened before?
No, you are dangerous. This is such BS.
not clear cutting by professionals cause this.  Fires become worse.  That's denial.  Stop scaring people.
But your policy against Israel is very dangerous. Israel is the only one democracy of the Near East. You understand nothing.
The right of center will deny it because it is a big inconvenience to them. Give them power and watch the world melt.
bs
geçmiş olsun...kayıp yok dur umarım can...
1st it was "man made global warming-then global warming -then climate change as the "research" came more+ more into question.
Hmm. Drought and two teenage boys caused the ones in the south. We don't call that "climate change" maybe you Washington elites know better.
how sweet it
Bull shit!
are you still here?
#nastywoman wants 2 know about earthquakes-tornadoes-sink holes-heat waves-lagoons of filth-leaded water-nasty oil pipelineLEAK
Name one singular instance of @BarackObama putting forth an idea or plan that resulted in emission reductions. I've fielded many.
In fact, it is MY leadership, not Obama's that resulted in the successes attributed to him, when it comes to mitigating climate change.
More importantly, my leadership is not constrained by the myopic nationalist imperialist greed & cronyism of the American oligarchy.
However, I can point to one spectacular FAILURE & gov't funded corruption by Democratic establishment. I've got one word for ya: #SOLYNDRA !
Mine isn't the bully pulpit, it is the wellspring of innovation, thought experimentation, inspiration and motivation. #ClimateChange
Consider the multiple ideas I've deployed on reusable rockets: they're all privately developed and deployed. Obama didn't LIFT A FINGER.
How many jobs did he create in those space industries? ZERO. They're all private and innovation driven. Usurper. LOL
Consider the multiple ideas I've deployed on reusable rockets: they're all privately developed and deployed. Obama didn't LIFT A FINGER.
Consider my smartphone idea and its inception with Apple. Apps alone created 500,000 jobs. #Obama? ZERO. LOL https://gigaom.com/2012/02/07/app-economy-has-created-almost-half-a-million-jobs/ …

Yes, winter is upon us.
wrong, critical thinking is for intelligent people
@Jorgeluizyanez @washingtonpost u right
true story https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZP7qRyaNgs …
https://www.facebook.com/PoliticalRevolution/videos/1314208971964649/ …
@chelseaeharvey
Then stop approving pipelines and offshore drilling like there's no tomorrow!
In Virginia, the climate changes 4 times a year, and has for millions of years. Nothing new, dummy.
Right, and don't count on the average Libra or Aries to help with that or 'war' to say the least.  Find someone else
Is climate change natural and unstoppable?
haha the new jokers dont even know what they will r going to deal with - cc will blow them in magnified proportions.
hi barck Obama
wildfires often increase as way to regulate O2 in atmosphere. #fearmongering
making up false theories is dangerous ..... weather modification is dangerous. #bilderbergers are dangerous.
@paolavxzquez
Mr.President If the relationship between fuel aridity and forest fire area is exponential (!) it is destruction.
so is #CIAAerosolDumps #WeatherModification #Cloudseeding #agl #OpChemtrails
but you havr done nothing till this year hypocrate. Plus how much is hilary paying you. And who incharge while u campain 4 her
climate change is natural, you’re one arrogant SOB to think you’re above God. Climate has never been static, but not man made
@WhiteHouse #JoinTheFight @LeoDiCaprio @UN issue executive order void permits #NoDAPL #ISTANDWITHSTANDINGROCK
make an executive order all government buildings go to waterless urinals. Save millions or billions of gallons of water yearly
you traveling around the globe in your plane playing golf really helps the environment! Lol
Help Native Americans Protect All Of Us #dapl #waterislife. #thisistheirland
, out of their country now and take the oil pipeline with you, pigs. Do remember who really owns America 
@TheDemocrats silence is deafening on #DAPL. When #WallSt profits are threatened so are the People!
Will @POTUS stand with standing rock? Let's find out. #NoDAPL #StandingRock  

so is invasion on Yemen,  Syria and the other countries your participation in arms deals and war
https://www.facebook.com/drjillstein/videos/1346606075379579/ …
More lair
Please stop keystone pipeline under the Missouri and abuse of the Native Americans protestesting.
What role does Fracking and Pipelines play in global warming? Isn't allowing them to continue a disservice to America and Earth
how do you decide when to change global warming to climate change to whatever's next
You are delusional! Humans have not caused climate change you 'conspiracy theorist' you want to rob Americans
it's ALL a lying scam!!!
You're dangerous.
Climate has been changing for 4.5 billion years, why should it be different now? Real problem: pollution, habitat degradation.
She thinks you "need to get a life" #JillNotHill
Educate yourself

http://www.moralcaseforfossilfuels.com 

Climate change is a money making scam for insiders & power brokers
Yes because that is this country's most looming problem.  Not affordable care act is. #getwiththeprogram
