India
Sar kush kariya ga
Hi Sir
Yeah, you can have a job and get food stamps! That really worked out didn't it? Not!
@BarackObama @OFA
VOTE FOR HILLARY!
You are the reason this country is sh*t
Correction was sh*t bc TRUMP is fixing it.
Başarmak mutlu olmanın ilk kuralı. Bunun için hep iyilik yapmalı..
.

.
Obamafail , healthcare is free genius in many countries but you spend much time and tax payers money  on nuclear deals .
Hi man how are you
Sir, you have done great work,wish you happy life with family. Om Joshi,India
@TusharI40879422
Yes it did help health care I do agree but it did not help the health of the people it was caring for a
.
Trump care now
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快乐,再见
Præsident Obama smuk, hallo, velsigne dig, god morgen, god eftermiddag, god aften, villige, Herre, Herre Buddha, Jesus Kristus, velsigne
Obama

Ne güzel ülke. 

DAHA GÜZEL OLMASI İÇİN DİLEKLERİMLE..
It's a joke
Iran want more money for their healthcare please send cash overnight.
Ma Ying-jeou guilty, the presidential abetting others attempted murder
马英九有罪，总统级教唆他人谋杀未遂案,馬英九有罪、大統領教唆は殺人未遂,,Ма Ин-цзю виноватым, президентское подстрекательство покушения на убийство,馬英九有罪，總統級教唆他人謀殺未遂案
мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
President Obama knap, hello, zegene u, goedemorgen, goede middag, goede nacht, bereid, Heer, Heer Boeddha, Jezus Christus, zegen je
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快樂,再見
Ur great OBAMA...STAY AS HMBLE AS U CAN...
Thank you! I appreciate it! Let me know what you think of this new video of ours
http://apple.co/2nHgbDO   #SignOfTheTimes  #Scandal  #AmorESexo  #Vertigo2017 #Riverdale
#SomethingDifferentOutNow
ب3خب34

4k likes then you know you failed on obamacare
He has decieved many foolish naive people!!!
i love you
go team Obama care
boy that's pretty bad naming insurance after yourself. There is no more Obamacare amen. Go Trump go.
GET ON IT OBAMA PUT YOUR FAMILY ON IT
. @BarackObama @OFA @BeefEnt he is having a HELL of a time getting people to retweet these team ones. jeez.
no
yeah with $5,000 deductible stop your BS
barv
@EliCaywood Hell no! Obamacare needs to go! premiums are high, I can't afford it with a min. wage job & hrs were cut to 30 hrs
@Obama_BigFans @OFA President Obama you will go down as the first black President and worlds best President! GOP just go down 

Why should I support a law that contains blatant #SexDiscrimination? Do YOU support sex discrimination? https://www.healthcare.gov/coverage/birth-control-benefits/ …
Where is the "peace of mind" that comes with MEN's contraceptive coverage under #Obamacare? Non-existent, bc #ACA discriminates
LaLaLand mentality
go away
You are a great  president, 

Regards
sr obama is great n he should remain as American president throughout his life
Obama and Obama care what a scam that was. See what you will get with HILLARY a repeat of OBAMA.
Help me
Help me Obama
. Please MR PRESIDENT HELP HELP WE CAN HAVE TRUMP AS A PRESIDENT IN THE HISTORY WE NEVER HAD SOME ONE SO EVIL. PLEASE PLEAS
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. freezing the account, remitted back to the United States,
:How much was spent on Obamacare prior to an American (or whomever) actually rec'd medical care? Any idea? Will U tell?
Thanks Pres.Obama for all you did, now help hrc over the finish line, and let (djt) dream about "The White House"
hey
Gain piece of mind by being unable to afford a worthless insurance
might be good for people that can afford premiums I have house and other bills and I have to pay fine every time 
Mr President, please speak to the cost issue. We need to know that you're working to keep premiums affordable.
kişi ne var ne yoox
no.it didnt
really????
I used to like my dentist...but I couldn't keep him.
I almost want to say F$&@Obama, but not quite yet.(yes I said it)
Mr president I can't believe it u will leave the office soon and already tears in my eyes thanks
It has added more burden on struggling families!
I don't know about anyone else but I worry more how I'm going too pay for it
Obama's healthcare has caused Millions to go without necessities of life after paying high prices for his coverage!
Work 4 God through his Prophet GJ2 https://m.facebook.com/HouseOfGod2/ 

Obamacare and every piece of legislation produced is a failure in every way. Proven by my family's personal experience.
And making peace unknown to West Asia !!!
Saya sudah capek dengan ke hidup yg tidak punya keadilan sama sekali,apa salah saya hinga saya Di Solimi terus,Mukhlis mk
do the research Obama care is a MAJOR fail - be informed
hi sir I need a small help for you
C'mon man? Where is my $2500 savings to boot?
lol.great joke, to bad the punchline is hitting Americans with higher premiums and no choices. President of lies
It would mean so much for this cycle if you would take a stand with the #nodapl protesters @ standing rock Souix Please
Pound sand goofass.
that's the whole point!  WE HAVE NO CHOICE ITS SOCIALISM
i am constantly  educatating  people as to the benefits, as i work in the industry. #Aca #obamacare
can help you on that one. #sadbuttrue
thank you Mr. President
I pay $1552.00 a month for a family of 4. We have a huge deductible and high co pays. WTF did you do to us ?
I have health coverage too! Thank you!
just like the taxpayers have gave your mother in law a 150k a month lifetime pension for childcare huh
NEVER
@FoxNews Just because someone has Insurance, doesn't mean they can use it. Being that the Deductible to high @ $5K. #YFDA
I cannot show my support for a system that penalizes people for not being able to sign up. I'm unemployed and can't pay!
.  Obama care sucks.
It is defeating itself with fewer plans, less coverage and higher prices.  It needs to be changed to fit society's needs.
your dreaming. Obamacare passed on their cost on to the tax payers
thanking God for ObamaCare!!! #ISurvivedBrainSurgery
thanks for Obamacare programme .. I am from Iraq#
the people who have coverage have it at fellow Americans expense.
it's also forced others into bankruptcy! How's those 2017 premiums looking? #bigscam
you must be kidding
@realDonaldTrump #VoteOrGrope.org
#NeverTrump
yea, just like if U like UR doctor U can keep UR doctor. Or we will save $2,500 a year in premiums. #peddlingfiction.
are you kidding...maybe you should have TRIED to b a comedian like u TRIED or well..u got positioned into the presidency...
Yes indeed.

BS. They can't afford insurance or deductibles.
ok peace of mind with a welfare socialist program that takes from middle class and gives to the poor a real joke repeal it
Time 4 @GOP to put healthcare of Americans b4 politics.They prefer schadenfreude to cooperation with @POTUS.
you know it sucks if even 2 years later you still need to sell that shit. You are a clown and a traitor
Lie's!!!
support? What planet are you living on Barack?
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr I support ACA. Congress pass legislation to fix ACA. Should be a priority! 20 mil depend on it
Sorry, cannot afford Obamacare.
Nothing says comfort like having the govt use the force of the IRS to mandate its citizens to take certain actions.
Blame Trumps Friends to distract and derail American Democracy and the Electoral System!
AANNNNDDD it raised your premiums to an ASTRONOMICAL amount as well as lied about all the other "benefits" ... #JOKE
HELP STANDING ROCK, HELP OUR VERY OWN SIOUX NATION HELP OUR PEOPLE TO SURVIVE.  Save ours & your families water. PLEASE.
yeah,with premiums, deductibles, co-pays thru the roof for the middle class.

never
barry are you kidding me
I think Obama care must back up to consider middle class works that makes Obama care possible. I love President Obama
get rid of the penalty fee and I'll support it. Right now you're punishing poor people for not being able to pay for it
Wrong! The premiums are not affordable and are overly burdensome for individuals whom are self employed. #ACAfail
it has helped nobody but the elites
The Senate has waived its duty to advise and consent on #MerrickGarland appointment. @BarackObama install him now, they need the bitch slap.
vote get republicans out nation wide. They won't help HRC and they don't help us.
can I keep my doctor? Will it be affordable? You lying snake.
Are you serious? 50% of our income went to healthcare last year. 8 insurance companies in 3 years. Different doctors!
