ppl may agree w/ the idea of climate change n they may not. But u don't have the right to tax private companies out of business
fool
.@bannerite @GodsWordIsFree @SuperckookLarry @belskie @MinnieBellW @SuperckookLarry retwt>@BarackObama & @obama_army
why don't you see the violence in kashmir ...
Every Friday they protest for their independent life why don't you provide them.
I believe your just funneling money to friends who pay to play.. Democratic creed
@obama_army 

Hi
Could Hillary be suffering from a guilty conscience?
Were Stuck With Jojo Saban Lost,McCain A Winner.LittleWendy9thFlrDangerCkonHerPlease
are we talking climate control to help islamic women to be cooler in the desert?
we need to support and do all we can to help the environment heal itself or we won't have a planet able to sustain life.
stop pipeline in ND. All pipelines.
Entire regions of the country are hit with record unemployment while you and Hillary laugh on camera about getting rid of coal!
@obama_army hai
@obama_army Innovations in Low cost high life storage battery and solar panels are needed to cut down Carbon in environment.
I will really respect you if you sort out the problems of #Kashmir innocent killings in kashmir by Mother Fucking Indian army
fucking lie
Yes the people need to know  that we are killing  our home something  has got to change.
SAY NO CHEMICAL REACTIONS CHEMICAL SCIENCE...YOU WILL HAVE NO DISEASES OR PAIN IN LIVING.  THINK AND BE NATURAL. GOD BLESS ALL.
NO RELIGION CAN SAVE THIS GLOBAL WARMING....ONLY NATURAL LIVING CAN SAVE THIS EARTH FROM DISASTER..Mr.OBAMA.
there is no climate problem. It is a hoax.
We also need bold action in fight against all terrorists including Gulen. Please extradite him b4 he takes over US Beauracracy.
Is Erdogan dictator:
@hizmet_news Your brain has been poisoned by a man with self interests using sacred religion as a tool to fool.!
Climate change VS YOU arming the terrorists in #Syria... Whatta joke.
Obama has no plan but to bankrupt and implode the USA
I want to meet you dear mr president the inspiration
IF WE LIVE WITH NATURE AND CONSUME NATURAL PRODUCTS ONLY....THE WORLD IS SAVED FROM MAJOR DISASTER....STOP ALL CHEMICAL REACTIO
hello dear mr president. I have a dream to meet you. I hop it will fulfill soon
THIS IS A BOLD FACE LIE. BUT WHAT DO YOU EXPECT COMING FROM THE PUSSY IN THE WHITE HOUSE? IT'S A MINORITY THAT THINK THIS WAY!
yes at the expense of thousands of other workers in industries like coal and steel
Great effort 
Actually most Americans don't agree with you on that. But that's never stopped you before, has it? (Obamacare)
ok good work team
and animal agriculture?
what is this all about?
All the people that can't be trusted, and their Muslim leader, President Barry. What a farce! You're a joke. Move to Canada now
May “Our Force Be With You!”,  http://diycolours.com 
@BarackObama
We can make it！
Your policies have cost the taxpayers over $2 billion dollars as more green companies go bankrupt. #worstpresident
Where do u get your stats? From Al Gore?
nominate me to go up against these morons
Not all Americans believe that so don't make it sound like that.
it's to late for everybody already messed up the atmosphere. All this bad weather is the reason!! Mother is angry at man!!
No, they do not agree across the country.  Another lie!
agreed glaciers melting tornados happening volcano's erupting mother nature fighting back man
Thank you @BarackObama for being intelligent. Do you really have to go? Stay just a little bit longer please!
what a joke- why not take care of ISIS first?
please keep the Arctic free of oil too. #Oceans
still spouting the big LIE !!
climate changes every day what a scam you have going
AND HOPEFULLY THE REST OF US. GUESS MANY DON'T CARE AFTER THEY ARE GONE.    SO IMPORTANT
when you say one thing but do another, that's called hypocrisy, a condition running rampant in the unDemocratic Party now.
@BarackObama
always like the way you invoke religion when it benefits you but ignore those same people believe abortion is murder
Climate Change??? What happen to GLOBAL WARMING??? BOTH are a BIG MYTH; 90% NATURAL 10% Man-made!!! Liberal LOONS!
too busy bashing Trump rather then helping the poor and African American community.#!should be ashamed
not only worse president in history, you are most divisive person ever
Only one earth .
what about the everyday workers. I mean the real backbone of this country.  They would be out of a job. I know cause I'm one
as a Brit, here in the UK we want you in the white house as long as possible, please, for the sake of humanity, KILL TRUMP
How about ISIS you pathetic leader!
hai cemon I'm mizan
FOREXAMPILS  O bama  sir.. (iam dayd
Sir/  when turn to..all  i  am dayd lost minits  or..dayd  next day ?
TURN ME  LOOKE TO..MY PROBLAMS  S
hello  sir..O bama barak - i  am a james -nice meet you sir..i wish you praise thelord you and yours fa
We need education. Many resist reality.
your worried about climate change and your leadership the country is going to hell. What's up man. Come on get with it
The future of this planet  lies in bold moves to save mankind itself
I hope mine changes from humid subtropical to tropical wet
Climate has changed for billions of years, do you really think you can keep it from changing?  No the country does not agree.
thank you god speed love sherin
fact is president needs to talk to the rest of the world.America is a world leader in environmental protection ask the EPA
which is why we should support @DrJillStein she will make it happen unlike the 2 party duopoly
But as you can see the climate issue is a world problem. Please keep an eye out for the developing countries.
for some reason u think the climate won't change? There have been several ice ages that prove otherwise.
yes. I DO
Lead  US Lead from forefront
You're the biggest liar over the world. By the way, why you killed summary Osama? Why we don´t saw a judement? oh great paladin
.@BarackObama 
Start by getting the LOG out of your own eye
we need bold action in the fight against lying, misleading govt officials and more truth and fact. We need God.
The Highway of Death, officially. This is the result of US forces bombing Iraqi forces, 1991.
NEWS FLASH! Nobody believes your bullshit 'climate change'. The world has a 15K year cycle that NO ONE can 'fix' #getaclue
H
jousting another windmill.
I am calling bull on this! #GetOutOfOurHouse #1/20/2017 @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump
TY for ur work, but there is No Economy upon a dead planet, pls convene this idea upon Successor...
And what about GMOs?!
START BY STICKIN A CORK in yur OHOLEs & all COW HOLEs & every VOLCANO HOLE. Use your bod for the volcanos or cow...yur choice
no we need bold action against ISIS. WOW IT's  INCREDIBLE how simple minded u r
what about the illegal terrorist state of Israel.. They are the threat to world peace..
This is why this subject is an important research http://thelenaghioparadox.blogspot.ca/2013/06/amaryllis-sculpted-by-gravitational.html …
I don't agree.  Just another big government control issue. You are a fraud.
you are great at Wag the dog.
please stop pretending your helping when you allow #fracking!
Climate change? What about poverty in this country?
What kind of religious leader ?
while I can appreciate the awareness about the climate, we would need to be alive to save it. #toomanydeadandgone #justice4all
hola soy venezolana ayudeme  por favor
no they dont
#joke
No, Barack, we don't.
OPPOSITION THAAD,THE OPPOSITION MEMBERS OF CONGRESS,WILL GO TO CHINA,THAT MY COUNTRY UNITY,WITH CHINA OPPOSED THAAD PROPAGANDA
Amerikalılar iklimin degismedindeki birinci güç.Önce bozuyor sonra duzeltmeye çalışıyorsunuz.perhizde lahana tursusu yenmez.
bullshit
HELLO,PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA,SECRET REVOLTION:PARK GEUN HYE GOVT COME BACK REPORT WRITING,BUT NOT YET
I'm worried about my children's future with the thought of Trump in control..
美国是世界文明社会的领头羊，应该督促世界其它国家如中国，也要遵守大气排放标准。
who in he'll..
Cares about climate change
At a time you took us down
A dusty dirt road to nowhere.
Only fools would vote for
U.
wrong again I don't know anyone who was asked about this. More BS from the king of BS.
sort your gun problems out first.
climate change
You democrats are so stupid to waste time on something that doesn't exist.
@BarackObama
Climate change is the biggest issue that will affect our children, grand children and future generations. Thank you, Mr. Pres!!
WHY, not Us! We want to eliminate our BIG DEBT #1 and have a balanced budget, all Greek and Virgin territory for you.
#ActOnClimate How many celebrities used their personal jet to go to your birthday party
#ActOnClimate Stay home and stop using Air Force One
Ummm ... it's unconstitutional.
We won't have a climate to change.Isis will have " picked us off " by then.Go back to golf course.You do less damage there.
Mr. President, I agree with your vision(and energy equation) on this! Indian studies show aloe vera to be a key bio-fuel
how are you addressing the plastics industry and the horrible pollution if our water and land by PLASTIC?
Some one need to respond about the funds before I start dropping more paper that some of you are not going to like-Payment soon
When Trump win that will be you guys fault, and I will help him just like I helped you--It doesn't matter to me who wins-
is a visionary leader who cares about the future of America & the world, thank you
@BarackObama
Actually No,more Americans believe we need bold action to fight and kill #ISIS who have now kidnapped a American Soldier!
good one. But stop environmental change first.
so the rich then? The rich support using tax money on fantasy fuelled ineffeciency. If youreally care then ban private jets..
Ryan/McConnell do not recognize climate change implications because they opt to ally with the sources responsible for pollution
really?
Your as bad as Crooked, no we don't agree with this ridiculous statement.
동의
this is a scam
Brains, the best brains, he has the BEST brains on this and amazing they agree climate change is real.
why don't U hold other country's accountable for a fraction of there exports coming to the USA that are being made with no regs
thank U 4 all you've tried 2 do 4working class Americans. The Rep's has blocked everything good u tried 2do 2help working class
List: 36 Of Obama’s Taxpayer-Funded Green Energy Failures
 http://nation.foxnews.com/obama/2012/10/20/list-36-obama-s-taxpayer-funded-green-energy-failures …
Obama Moves To Bankrupt Energy Companies http://www.westernfreepress.com/2016/04/17/obama-moves-to-bankrupt-energy-companies/ …
U said Green Would Take Country Forward Instead all R Going Belly Up, Taking Jobs, & Taxpayer Cash  http://www.dividedstates.com/list-of-failed-obama-green-energy-solar-companies/ …
I don't trust any of those people you listed.  You don't listen to those people in real life about real things…Why would we now
We need bold action to fight against you, Grand Mufti Obama!  That's what we really desperately need!  You're destroying us!
you don't speak for me.
Islam is perfect. I am not.
I think if we just turn off the ac to liberals, problem solved
I don't agree. I believe in helping our people first. Not provide a hurdle competition does not have.
not this American!
No we don't agree. Many think human-caused climate change is a false belief. Supported by liberal facts. Try real facts.
Wrong. They agree more that future ISIS attacks on the homeland are more of a national security threat. Focus there
I really wish ppl would wake up about climate change. IT'S 100% REAL. LOOK AT THE FACTS! MUCH HOTTER SUMMERS & MILD WINTERS.
start in DC that's where the real pollution problem is and the air stiks with corruption
@nytimes Where have you been for 8 long years of collecting a paycheck dear Pres on vacation again!
.@BarackObama last time you #invested other #taxpayer $ you lost big time.
#investing & #shovels not your thing
http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/apr/27/obama-backed-green-energy-failures-leave-taxpayers/ …
Let them pay for it - stop taking my tax money for worthless projects.
no theydon't agree
These facts are natural, God has allowed so we must learn to live with it.

And teach the people that don't agree.
Dear Mr. President, plz unsign the "Dark Act"  TU!
Since @POTUS said so, it must be true. Now all I've got to do is find a way to keep my healthcare...
Climate change has happened naturally many times over the earth's history and any credible scientist can tell you that!
what we need is bold action to prevent you from giving anymore or our tax dollars to terrorist countries.
bullshit
depth of earth 23% ..core point also water create a fielding internal part & out side 72% also water,and 5% ice glacier..?+
No! Americans know that like the unemployment figures, illegal imigration & your unjust administration climate change is bogus!
