not until ur lies stop & you go to work
lol you tell the president to go to work, but how can he if Congress doesn't let him do his job?
the president isn't supposed to be able to do his job without congress. Learn your civics!
did you have another point or were you offering a counterpoint?
ya it's called separation of powers. 1 doesn't act w/out the support of the others. Esp the president
Constitution is pretty clear.
long story short. (This is Twitter) senate doesn't have to do 
we hated you so much from Eritrea .... Mr bounty chocolate
Happy Birthday Mr. President.  I already miss you
, I have been truly blessed and inspired watching you. Particularly, your dignity and poise in the face of adversity.  Love you!
I totally agree Mr. Obama. Why is this bozo the clown Trump runnng for president?  Mr President please do something about it.
I am with you
You were told B4 you put up his name and chose to embarrass Judge Garland anyway You are a  pathetic lame Duck #VOTETRUMP
SO if it were a Republican in office would you be saying he should allow the next pres. to make the choice???
All Clinton said last night were attacks on Trump she has NOTHING to be proud of in 30 years of gov work except her bank acc.
So being the muscle behind the sanctions on Iran & a force in implementing the Children's Health ins. program is nothing.
really, when will that start? #obamabetrayedus
yes of course
that's a joke you made it about politics
I can't believe you won't give up on this!!
everything is partisan politics with you
You lied about the ACA not being a tax and then when you had it argued before Supreme Court you argued it was a tax? Lies
Happy Birthday Mr. President! It is a honor to wish you the best!
A Supreme Court stacked with your appointees would never be above partisan politics but rather would subvert the Constitution.
happy birthday
the "great divider" has spoken
I agree. It's the disrespect of a major instution
remain above, but still protect a by... partison, and or republic
Could you get a committee together (unbiased) to investigate the proven fraud in the Democratic Party?
selam  tenküverimaç
lesson that the American public need to understand is to elect government that lines up with the head.
they learned from you!
MainMenu Talk about Hurtg my Jewel,Sedated TessyAttack,Spider pains NoReziztance,NoRecolectn,CostcoDavesExtenciveInjorees
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
show them your Nobel prize and videos of your "America Apology Tour." That'll show those slappies who is boss.
he is good man
Just waiting for your sorry ass retirement.
Tại sao ông thẩm phán phải ngừng lại. Phải chăng do luật pháp hay chính trị của nước Mỹ có vấn đề?
Its been a record 235 days since Hillary has a pressed. Hmm 
Will you consider lifting the ban on Russia before you leave?
seems someone has blocked my Hotmail account but I would like you to twitter me at @wilbertboucher thank you great work
@barakobama sir, if SC shud b above partisan politics, y doesn't this concern u while assessing trump?
when will law requiring the release of tax returns be part of the presidential  application process be introduced to congress?
remind them that when @HillaryClinton wins, they won't be able to stop the process. They might not like her choice either.
it's nice to know much about you here !
appoint qualified ethical and educated persons to the bench and there'll be no problem. Unlike last time...
you can do better than that Barrrrrrrack. 
http://www.ProphetAfredaHygh.com 
about 160 days left to go
Pls think of ethiopian oromos those suffering death without no patience
1.2% GDP, no jobs, our streets are running red with our people's  blood and you're still on Judy Garland's yellow brick road?
No, waiting for the next POTUS is perfectly fine, thank you very much.
said no democrat ever......
@BarackObama
please just go Golf for 5 months. Trump Train is coming to DC. You have my permission for paid leave as a US tax payer.
I agree. You should stop obstructing justice and charge Hillary. Or are you scared you'll wind up on her kill list?
your lies and corruption must end too! Go Trump! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up!
YEAH YOU ! ,  http://easycolorexpress.com 
5 more months.
The Republicans are showing just how disgusting they are!
The republican right vowed to make President Obama's legacy the worst in history. This is one example of their obstructionism.
Another precedent for the collapse of the Republic.
boy oh boy am I going to miss you!
we should all fight for it
So lets put in as many far lefty nut bag as we can. AMIRITE?! IMRITE!
I'm just going to wait for Hillary Clinton to appoint the next #SCOTUS
Dear President Barack Obama! Happy Birthday!
I wish you a warm joy and high spirits!
Thank you! Victor!
true IF GOP really had read and believed in the Constitution
@ThePandoraBoxx is it just me who read that as Judy Garland ?
↓↓↓↓↓↓↓↑↓↓↑↑↑↑
after your presidency I hope you set your targets on every single asshole that intentionally obstructed order of business
You have to be kidding. See what your party did to Justice Bork, & then talk about politicization of SCOTUS judges. Smdh.
#just appoint him during the recess of congress if that is possible, the GOP will never help you, you know that, good luck.
@BarackObama
y love you beresident  y will miss you so much 
Mr.Obama,you should extradite terrorist and seditious Gulen
@lorimattix
I hope Hillary nominates you for the job.
Music sounds better on Sunday Morning... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGgMZpGYiy8 …
Trump wants to appoint a conservative. Does he think said appointee will get more than one vote? replace one bigot with another
your term must end THANK GOD
super
oh no keep the obstruction going! Can't trust anything you do!
You just dun get it, YET !
WER DUN WITH HILLARY'S & your LIES & POLITCAL BULLCRAP
& U STILL IGNENT! U hada CHANCE but Blew IT
The congress can do better.
GOP obstruction b/c they hope SCOTUS will give them another  election theft like Gore v Bush debacle.
THE MAGIC LIVES HERE! , http://diycolours.com 
why didn't u worry abt @SenatorReid obstruction when he blocked votes on everything when he was the leader. Disingenuous @POTUS
time for the recess appointment !!!!!
we need judges who will do their job instead of legislating from the bench.
#Prof Burstein,HaveYouReceivedVoiceMails? Mr President,Attorney Olu Orange Collects Damages($494BIllegalContracts)Monday#Transp
@HillaryClinton @nytimesbusiness #AmericanPeopleOutThere #TheTruthInLockerRoomForADecade #Finally!
I  hope we vote the suckered out.  I can't believe the things you've had to endure from these do nothing Republicans  !
My brain being controlled by satellite. I was attacked by satellite laser
you're not good at lying
(c) as any other branch of Government!
That's rather hard to do, Mr. President, since Justice Ginsburg proved recently that the Court is just as partisan (c)
republicans only have three tires on their car everything's fine look at from the other side they are The wizard of oz ufired
just sit back and relax, your destruction here uhhhh sorry "job" here is almost done.
I agree with you.
WOW!!!!!!
it should, but on all politically sensitive cases it has not been for the last 20+ years.  This won't be changing anytime soon
#wikileaks #HillarysAmerica
sir is my plejor to meet you sir
it won't happen.  Name someone else
The Republicans ARE obstructing you, but the very act of choosing a Supreme Court Judge is pure distilled partisan politics.
You admit to saying that? About what may be the single most partisan politics motivated action of your entire life? Really?
completely agree-this Republican congressional obstruction must end!  #DoYourJob #ApproveGarland
Apathy is the true enemy of peace -please watch & Retweet - http://www.1e1h.com  or https://www.facebook.com/OneEarthOneHumanity/ … for all humanity
No more leftists on the court!  Shove Garland up your ass!!  Hold the line GOP!
:My husband Charles/I want to Thank you for being a Great http://President.GOP  Congress is issue.We Need New SCOTUS Justice
云南政府官员利用政府公信力诈骗泛亚受害者 @lifehacker @foxnews @waitwait @newsweek @huffingtonpost @newscientist
the United States Governors...
the British Queen Elizabeth II should be immediately suspended...

Respectfully submitted for the attention of
Group : " in Mukilteo, Washington" (please, ask us to spell out the encoded message). The Criminal activity of
The sensual part of the provided encoding placed in 'Kirillitsa' as the appeal to the Members of our
encoding (in Kirillitsa) showing that the British Queen Elizabeth II and Her mindless Staff go together between.
Washington http://www.breakingnews.com/topic/shooting-in-mukilteo-washington-30-july-2016/ …. The geographical place of the incident of Murder has the linguistic
occupies the post of Editor-in-Chief of Drug Delivery and Translational Research, the shooting criminal case has been arisen in
according to the United States Law.

Important: Simultaneously with the rejection trick originated from Labhasetwar, who
onto this Guy, the Journal suspect should be withdrawn from the Public Domain shortly, Labhasetwar should be prosecuted
neglecting the British King status rights of the IVP Royal Group http://www.lerner.ccf.org/bme/labhasetwar/ …

FBI should pay a special attention
An Official Journal of the Controlled Release Society

has no Expertise in the Drug development area and is
and Translational Research. 
This Guy named Vinod Labhasetwar, Ph.D.
Editor-in-Chief
Drug Delivery and Translational Research
Queen Elizabeth II has initiated recently the pursuit on IVP on the pages of a scientific Issue Drug Delivery
Dear Boss, Respected Mr. Barack Obama :

We respectfully alert that Another Black Bastard Editor directed by the British
What part do you libtards not understand!! There will be no vote before Obama leaves Office!! get over it
u don't realize the futility   of your actions as it falls on deaf ears
Biden Doctrine!!!No more crooked Obama, oh that's right,its Hillary
can't wait til the obstructionists pass up this candidate and Hillary nominates Bernie.
“WE GOT COLOR” , http://easycolorexpress.com 
republicans are going to ruin the steady recovery they call slow, not one republican created a private sector job.
what did you expect they never helped you with running the country so what's new?
A Musical Outlet
Che per te diventa possibilita
And what was your rebuke of them during your 2010 State of the Union? Your hypocrisy is exceeded only by your belligerence.
Review a movie Trailer (0:21:59 min till the End)
A Thoughtful Mind Associative Array
Proteggendola ‘sta vita insieme 
a te a te a te
A Thoughtful Mind Musical Outlet
Saro saro incorruttibile….
Ti aiutero perche anch’io…https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z97JudYaNo8 …
Cose che non ho provato mai ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msI0fntF_Us …
Rispettandola ‘sta vita insieme a te….. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IG21fOfVVcg …
A Musical Outlet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQo1HIcSVtg …
Imparando a dare un tempo ai tempi tuoi…
Saro saro imprevedibile…
Faro faro…l’impossibile 
che per te diventa possibilitа ...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGARLmw54jg …
Sei consapevolmente irresistibile ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-KvsjJrgmM&nohtml5=False …
Some cultural phenomena to the cells & cell biology... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBypmItsffs …
The 85 Bears didn't play as good of defense as the republican party..
