you didn't destroy Isis in Iraq and Syria hundred Muhammad Ali's were killed and you didn't give a damn. Weak president
How could he destroy ISIS he was one of its creators
I agree. I mean he has all the power and all he does is watch those innocents getting beheaded and blown. He sucks
I agree with you.He had eight years to do something about it .What has he done ? Nothing.
if he did not pulled the troops out so fast, there would have been no such thing called ISIS. I'm from Iraq iknow
I love you so much
@SubediAakrit God Bless You President Barack Obama, I have tremendous respect and love for you sir.
Arsol creeper
Changes his name as he doesn't believe in slavery to Mohammed... Am man that that believed in slavery
@onafi He will, he was true to the Quran, unlike some Nobel Peace prize winners :(
Beats me how he did get that Nobel prize.He did not earn it.
it was paid forward hoping he will align with God's Peace, sadly instead, he aligned with Satan's evil :(
I am with you on that
i love u sir :-)
He was a nice guy. RIP
@Master_Lee2 RIP Legend
semoga masuk syurga
I feel you bro @BarackObama
He will be remembered of his historic refusal to US army and you will be remembered negatively for attacking Islamic countries
thank you very  much
Great from you Mr. President.
Islam =Religion of war.
No it is not brother.
@fthahabi
love you President Barack Obama. I believe our great fighter is now rest in power and peace.
we need hillary
We all Bangladeshi are really feel unhappy
R.I.P. The Champ, The all Star Greatest a real Boxer the Punch harder and hard Rest into Paradise Mr. Muhammad Ali/ Mr. Clay.
Yes Obama can I call you that if so wink your eye when you see me l love you but it is time to GO you know what I mean too. ;)
Harry will win new president epizootic achieve peace in the world
I'll miss the of time MUHAMMAD ALI,just like like going to miss you Mr. President Barrack Obama..
The greatest off all time the both off you? Missed dearly,..but yet in my heart
you d real P   they don't know
ISLAM IS DARKNESS..
Amen!
To honor #TheChamp I'm supporting #BernieSandersForPresident2016 -As he's the candidate for 
I would rather have seen him punch you out.
thank you Mr. President. Ali was truly the greatest.
Bapak Barack Obama diminta kembali calon Presiden Amerika Serikat lagi.
hahaha lets hope so
Rip
very good president Obama for doing work well
are you praying to Allah.
very strange/sorry,mostly political leaders divided us while terrorist makes unity.
Maqsood Anwar Focuss Press Pakistan
realy you are a man of god
yes sir he was hiro so Rip muhamadali ..day of Roza .oh god pls.
I'll be glad when your term is up and we can get our country back where it once was.in God we trust
amen
wow you didn't have as much to say for the hero's that fought for their lives in Benghazi
adu
the greatest fighters are the ones who died for freedom on the battlefield.  It's sad how we forget
Mohammed Ali asked that his fans support #BernieSanders. You've made him roll in his grave. 
Shame on all you game playing pigs
We will not forget you RIPMUHAMMETALI
My condolence to the family of Muhammad Ali. May the compassionate Jesus Christ comfort you during this mourning time. MHSRIP
The memory live on. my condolence!
offcourse the greatest of all has left.R.l.p Mohammed Ali
oh yeah, btw he was a draft dodger
Yes!
thanks to Allah al mighty who help Muhammad Ali to become world strongest in his sports hoppy
Thé Greatest
such a shame your term is coming to an end- you have been fabulous for the world
n surely he will rest in peace amen. I wnt to meet with you one on one it will add to my life span pls Mr President.
Is he entitled to his 77 virgins ?
Barack Obama diminta , Negara Amerika serikat tegas hubungan putus dengan negara China. Indonesia tolak  China ke Indonesia.
http://fromonemuslimtoanother.org/Foff 
Disappointed with: It became clear that the Obama administration would not resume its own  attempts to revive Israeli-Palestin.
Mr. President:  Please honor peace-loving people like Muhammad Ali and MLK by promoting peace between the Palestians and Israel
he was the greatest R.I.P xxx
hy obama mama ji
Why not tweet 4 all those shot/killed in Chicago & what u plan 2 do verses praising a fighter? Un-F'ing Real.
i love you
This MUSLIM was a Vietnam DRAFT DODGER! Should have been in JAIL like Obama instead of HONORED!
The greatest of them all huge loss and his daughter says his heart just kept beating strong determined powerful
Your words attest a great to his repute & I look forward to celebrating you as the greatest Presidnet.
You are not really a Christian, are you? You know better if you are.
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
U&I r the same exact era,except i m a brother from a different mother.Please attend this butterflty's funeral.He's just like u.
well stated!
Just another draft dodger.
weather of critical position of nature..so pleases provide to time whose deserve to our nature family__
pray to ..hide matrix of stares for top to top points..we are taking platform of nature unbelievable.-
thank you #Pres for articulating sentiments reverberating across the world. A #hero personally&professionally #RIPMuhammadAli
Amen
观海同志，望两国永缔和平，Pay to Caesar what belongs to Caesar--and God what belongs to God.South China Sea belongs to China
SIR NOT EVERYBODY LOVE MODIJI PM OF INDIA
Aamin
like that
dont fight on the bases of religion SAVE HUMANITY

WE pray for him and i wish you à long life and health mister thé président
Yes. We all drink to this. Simply everyone, everywhere has feelings for the late, great Muhammad Ali. VIP.
Sir  praistothelord  am  sorry fortheleat
망명을 허용해달라@BarackObama
I have one question from u Mr.president

If the nuclear bomb is bad why do you have ?
golfer and runner you
HES WAS GOOD BUT FACE BODY BEATING IS BAD WILDLIFE HELPING PEOPLE  IS BETTER ,BUT YOU NEVER STAND UP TO WHITE COPS 2 FACES YOU
I Love You
Thank you Mr Butterfly and sting like a bee who knocked the knee RIP Muhammed Ali Always an Historic Boxing ICON
worst president ever.
前にSNSの使い方を知っていてもやり方を知らなければ駄目だと書いたが国王のパソコンのインターネットをアタックですべて潰したのでアラ(悪い所)が書けない。エジプトのムバラク大統領を潰せたのはすべてのアラを書かせたからだ。
今米国に侵攻している中国軍の10式戦車と8式装甲兵員輸送車は装甲がアルミかジュラルミンの様な合金でできている様だ。火炎ピンで攻撃すれば溶けるからだ。また対戦車手榴弾の攻撃でも粉々に破壊できるからだ。一般的な複合装甲ならこんな事にならない。
Death  stands as a common enemy. It is a fact in front of each one of us. The need of the hour is to identify the real enemy.
rip
Divine Experience Of A European Leady.
Must Listen
Bapuji had changed my Life. #MiraclesOfSpiritualLife
is it u barack in 1979 ;-)
ok
Hypocrite.
Aameem
"float like a butterfly, sting like a bee" RIP. Ali
I hope you are able to make it to his services and would love to hear you speak at it...
@BarackObama
mis respetos a la familia ali descansa en paz 
yes how many times you have  people over seas at war
your a killer  to Obama
.do you have more the kiss be fair trump move in first thing he will do clean and clean everything you mess up you could get 
mr president do you have a gun look hairy Hillary how do you protect yourselfs you to are apear that can't beat the house 
.Obama what about you laughing at you can't say Islamic terrorist you keep bringing the thay burn are flag you think it funny 
hope so
/ GOOD MORNING / NIGHT SIR.  GOD BLESS U ALL.
: ABBA YAHUWEH'S love for us, is as expansive, as the open arms of MESSIAH YAHUSHUA on the stake .
: ABBA YAHUWEH has appointed a time for everything under the sun. A time to born, and a time to die. Ecclesiastes.3:2
You will not like him cause he like MLK would be Republican today & not a democrats
what about the blue angel pilot who died that saved countless number of lives?! Glad we know where your priorities are Mr
"president"
a great man
Rest In Peace Champ!
ok
he was the most well known Muslim in history! Finally rests? great life, is we could all be that blessed.
Amen
@PuckHigh he was my mentor
he's not the only one I'm praying will rest in peace
@BarackObama
........I WONDER WHY MR. PRESIDENT DON'T REPLY ME..........
