Whatever Robert as an outsider he has done more than the former Pres. Ever did! #fact
He had 2 years of a democratic congress & he did nothing about this then.
GB had several years to do anything! Anyone can top that! #verypoorpresidentGB
What does GB have to do with it, climate change wasn't his baby it's Obamas, but nice try.
Its everyone on earths baby!
tell ppl all over the world starving to death &riddled with disease that climate chng is important
We are causing it with pollution, too many ppl on the earth, chemicals - it's man made!
Ellen sounds deluded, ignorant & naive. Obviously a Democrat week is smoking weed
PS I'd rather be in the RCAF!
Ellen,  probably your global warming has fried your small uninformed brain!
Roger that and I will disregard your disrespect! U didn't learn much in Marines did u?
I learned to hate the enemies of our country who would destroy the USA! Learned that dems are LYING HYPOCRITES!
are below the almighty white man! Get a grip stop living in the dark ages it's 2016!
Ellen you might want to get a grip instead of hastening the demise of America!  Your liberal bs is toxic!
.@BarackObama 

Priests are savagely beheaded before their very altars by Islamic troops and you're pissing and moaning about the weather?
What should we do start another war- race right in? The US can't save the world it's just too big!
Islam isn't a race, so there's no race war to be had.
Boy u ppl are dumb! Have u never heard the saying race right in? Means to go right in!
misread after a long day at work.  Besides we're clearly already AT war...
Don't need another one keep your nose out of other countries business and u will be fine!
pretending one side ISN'T at war with you is the height of idiocy.
Not if you are suicidal.

Or a cuck.

Especially, a suicidal cuck.
sure, better make a move than to stay idle n say it is impossible ' slow motion is better than no motion'.
الظلع
from what I've seen, you're a good president, and I'm not even from America, so well done.
Plans to save the world but can't take care of his most loyal supporters? Ever visit Chicago? #Failure
If only 8% are in poverty why are 58% on food stamps? Agree with message just wonder about figures.
The numbers above represent the incline or decline in %. 19.6% less African Americans working then prior to Obama.
#african american issues began #slavery #jim crow# kkk # bigots have really come out
Remind me, which party was responsible for all that you have listed? Wasn't those racist Republicans #Fact
@BarackObama
This should inspire all to mankind. Shelters have been closed in IL. Please help them. and others.
@HenrikPiga LOL Climate change is the Pre-text used in order to undermine countries ability to fulfill their own energy needs
You can't possibly be serious? 
I'll just leave this here for you:
Well I agree,they get the honor of closed door meeting's. President ,I know you have a Pen,use it.
Why you're not God, although sometimes i bet you think you are right?
True. Humans can solve the problems they have created.
Lets not look at the elephant in the room next door to that one 46million people are modern day slaves @IJM
https://youtu.be/Hi-V_ilJu0w  Obama Godless proves Failure.
All the food & money in this world&ppl are living in poverty & starving.Over $900M spent on elect so far. Solve this
Cynical? Hypocrites is a better word. Now USA Dems Worship Criminals Liars Sharks Sociopaths that USE the masses for Self Gain
Go take your meds guy!

if Obama had Sadam Hussein Guts,Isis would be History. Instead it's Spread like Wild Fire. Trump#1
if "isis" really wanted us gone we would be, think before u speak , u obviously have no clue
.I guess all those people that got their heads chopped off &Killed is a Fairytale?it didn't hit you Yet.
people die everyday in America, that is where your concern should be, what happens here 1st
UR speaking to the choir.Lived in Baltimore 6 http://yrs.Run  By Dems. Subsidy,Grant $ Where's it all going?
@BarackObama
@ParantoKristine Hope4 Mother Earth, we must preserve our for our future generations, please everyone, we can do this.
I really appreciate your Presidency....thank u Mr President
Powerful president.
it's easy to let politicians do as they please , even when they have their head up each other's ass
#Latam vulnerable #climatechange/work x solution @BarackObama @ClimateReality @WECouncil @OurOceanAP @COP22 @algore
#It'stime for #ClimateAction 
But you and I both know
#It'sTime2  #Reschedule 
#Cannabis & #YouCan! #Research is #Needed
peace
your fired
Such a Climate Champion...
Approved Over 1,500 Offshore #Fracking Permits
http://thinkprogress.org/climate/2016/07/01/3794136/fracking-the-gulf/ …
@BarackObama @foreballs2
, I don't care what anyone says, this by far has been our Greatest President. .
Then why endorse a candidate who, as YOUR SecState, pushed hydrofracking around the world? Never voting for @HillaryClinton
this is the message from China
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump -There's nothing to "SOLVE" its been long proven to be 100% Fraud - https://youtu.be/7jzBWmpzifc 
たしかに出来ないな( ﾟｰﾟ)ｳ ( ｡_｡)ﾝ
Obama no want not go 
Day good job good work 
Obama love you friend Obama good man 
Back can job 
god I you Obama you
beautiful speech
u lie about job review . And u lie about wages
re: climate change... U failed in science. We cannot control the earth yet. No way to undo climate change. Wasteful to attempt
do a PSA to stop resisting arrest.
how about Isis meathead?
simple problems with complex solutions....that is the issue!
well why don't you finance climate change if you believe in it so much! I'm done with your clumsy hands in my wallet!
It's easy to be a hypocrite and fly Hillary on Air Force 1 at taxpayer expense to her campaign rally, right?
hello!
.@BarackObama "The cynic says, 'One man can't do anything.' I say, 'Only one man can do anything.' John W. Gardner" Anything IS possible!
Obama el mundo necesita mas lideres como tu¡¡¡¡¡
Climate change is a non issue at this point. Let's deal with real issues.
@BarackObama
me  too,,just do mankinds best for the mother earth,then GOD do  something possible,n last HE will do it..#mercy
any evidence of climate change?
except beating ISIS?
there are researches that found solar activity as the chief cause, what's your take? If yes then all our efforts to are doomed.
“WE GOT COLOR” , http://easycolorexpress.com 
.@BarackObama it's not easy being cynical when reality catches up on your cynicism, mr. President.
always tells the truth... (y)
Hubris.
Yes, big businesses and governments have abdicated their responsibilities for ordinary people who have no real voice or power.
The fight against climate change is not being fought by the ordinary man in the streets. Its big businesses and governments.
Except the challenge of speaking out against election fraud when the DNC is engaging in it.
Also I emailed you but it went to info@HillaryClinton.com it is not for her but for you. If you need me to resend it I will.
Mr. President I agree with you 100 per cent and just by seeing how you got in office and proved that to be true...WOW.
Well we got ourselves here. So, surely we can turn it around. But we ALL have to!!
changing climate symptom repair Earth UNFCCC Offser selt funded
Well planned by 2020-25 lower mass CO2 to soil carbon reverse deserts poverty (and wars)

We've overcome; greedy energy controllers abhor global access to alternative energies. Poor dears will make less. #ActOnClimate
the guy looks handsome lol
@WhiteHouse mr. President please don't let any hackers to destroy or divide America this is the greatest country in the world!
Thank you for caring about climate change!I I apologize 4 the ignorant. I am a proud citizen  & will miss U & Michelle.
right true
B O you are looking more and more like a whiner and loser.But then of course you are Quite the loser Hey you can lobby for ISIS
& well you should be sir.The world has in the past and will in the future morph to bring itself into balance @realDonaldTrump
IF BARACK OBAMA WAS WHITE MAN WE WOULDN'T BE TWEETING THIS BULL SHIT, WHAT'S THE FUCK WRONG WITH YOU CAV COWARDS.
Mr President with all due respect though climate is an issue our world is plighted with terrorist attacks France hit so hard.
you can't deny the science. I am so proud of you Mr President. In my mind you are the best president we have ever had.
Your Party is Crooked #DNCinPHL
you're a hero to some and a Demon to others, no one will truly accept what you tried to do for this country...I took notice
sir, looking great
What a jokster! Cynical over a lie. Not hardly.
blaming ANIMAL AGRICULTURE for being the number ONE cause of climate change. #vegan #climatechange
Let's keep pretending that electric cars and solar panels are the keys to improving our carbon footprint instead of RIGHTLY 1/2
: @elonmusk is trying !
then do what's right. ....#WeWantBernie
ignore the uneducated.
@byvlstr #Kicktipp jetzt endl. komplett auf #Ökostrom . Aber wir sind nur ein kleines Licht. Wechseln: https://www.naturstrom.de/ 
HRC picks Kaine.  Trump is a monster.  Neither will save our planet #VoteGreen #VoteYourConscience #NoLesserOfTwoEvils
yes it is crue
Im trying Mr. President...getting scared and panicking a little more each day
no, we can't!!!
nice quote
hahahahahahahahaha
respect Your quote, many people wish you can serve the country  longer
il faut être très passion
help haiti please mr Barack Obama i love haiti
yon bel nom Barack Obama semblable avec haïtien and africain help haiti cheri
Us patent #4686605
yalan söyleme.çek elini mazlum insanların üzerinden.unuttun kenyadaki yoksulluğu.zenginlerin uşağı olmuşsun.gönder feto'yu.
proud of your wife's speech! And Amen,  from your mouth to God's ears. Be blessed.
If humans can create the prlbm of climate chng , its also obvious that they can solve this problm  either. Its very Logical.
how about Radical Islamic Terrorist. ..nevermind you can't even say it.
that's very true
lol climate change is what your worried about in this day and age?  Geez. I love this planet too, but RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR...
yep, sometimes i just feel like on a bad trip like its an nightmare ~T_T~ i hate guns i dont even watch them movies ;-)
:You be convinced:World needs peace.Aggression is crime:destroy peace. Innocent people http://killed.Life  created by God.
#demexit lol
Yeah for real. Sorry #DNC isn't fooling us we are outta the party if Bernie isn't the ticket #Demexit
Then why do you refuse to acknowledge that animal agriculture is the biggest cause of climate change, maybe you don't know.
:You can overcome any challenge:but not created:your own.YouR facing reaction of your evil aggression against Muslim countries.
I don't even follow, Barack, so why do I have to read about something that will never change?
Sure, but it involves NOT of Logic applied to world: act of god writ Test of Theory 2C, Earth Real HZ
now my refrigerator is worse than a Isis terrorist? I'm getting rid of it as we speak! Thank You! #Not
is that what we should be worried about?
wise words....
Sir, You are such a inspiration for us. Your motivation to the people of US really made a positive change towards growth.
lf you don't try solve a problem then it can not be solved.
Unfortunately, money makes the world go round but doesn't make it green.  We'll miss you.
King James Bible
And great earthquakes shall be in divers places, and famines,
and pestilences; and fearful sights and great signs shall there be from heaven. At one time The bible stated seasons
right POTUS right!
MR. PRESIDENT FROM ONE COOK COUNTY NATIVE TO ANOTHER WE HONOR YOU. FROM THE MUDDY MISSISSIPPI
if we are willing to change then all is possible.
Word on the street is climate change us coming from the government nade HARRP MACHINE http://www.globalresearch.ca/haarp-secret-weapon-used-for-weather-modification-electromagnetic-warfare/20407 …
so true sir
it's some real dummies on this tweet!!!
Everyone knows this climate change hype is just a liberal excuse to tax big business out of existence. Only six more months :)
you are so right. This is our only planet. If it dies, we all die.
Judging by these replies, it's even easier to be critical.
I have seen the family issues here now.
@BarackObama
being able to articulate rhetoric well is easy! Doing something, now there's an achievement! Unless it's just rhetoric! Ya know
، ،، ,whatever u say is correct
may be you can challenge yourself then the solution can be around.
how many days do you have left? Any chance you'd leave early?
Great wishes to you and your family.
I am proud to call you my President, your family must be so proud of you on what you have accomplished.
then why has your presidency been a total failure
so chill that you're a scientist...
I really wish you could stay as our President. I think you have done an amazing job as our President.
only if global warming is true
Amen
Please Hush, your hypocrisy fills me with urge to defecate.
trump2016
Now how the hell u going to shade the sun?  That is what controls our climate & is not man made, man not here million yrs ago
strive struggle and consistency can overcome any issues, problem or hurdles.
We have no choice. Either we address it or we die. We need clean air o breathe. Clean water. Period.
the best president ever!
@BarackObama
climate is controlled  within our enviroments.changing the weather could be dangerous. Natural vs Man. No longer Natural?
so dont support a person for prez who supports fracking..easy peasy
thanks sir
@skookerG Let's subject these poor peasants!
