I don't want to go to hell!
: can't enter, but you are the Bomb President Obama !!!!! We love you from Phila Temple Law School Alumnae - '82/'83.
@BarackObama
no thanks go with hilary
yeah I want u send me a photo
wow everything is so Positive with this President!
https://twitter.com/knowterrorists/status/730476143187525632 …
thank you
Excusme.Mr. President Obama I have bothered you.I would like to speak with you.Because you My favorite Idol.The best president.
Who wants to meet the WORST PRESIDENT ever? Not me!
yah this could be interesting..meeting the number one terrorism supporter in the world
Hay.Mr.Obama. I.need. help.can you. Help me.
yes my dream
I wanna meet you mr. President. 
On May 27th, you visit Hiroshima!!
Thank you for coming here. 
I will go to see you!!
DO WE NEED A PRESIDENT & WH; WOULDNT A PM AND PARLIAMENT WORK BETTER WITHOUT THE STALEMATE? HORRIBLE JOB & BURDEN ON PERSON!
@BarackObama
rather rotate the air in my tires. #Stump4TrumpBaby
je vous félicite pour votre bravoure de dirigé un pays comme les USA.
MO THANKS CANT WAit to get rid of his lazy ass
Only  to Put My FOOT In His Nerrow A**: where is Socrates when you need him..
/how many is 2.1K?/
hehehe sir, this offer also valid for Indian people
Ex-Congressman Allen West Explodes Over Iran Deal During Fiery and Emoti... https://youtu.be/p4qSfFzWO1U  via @YouTube
why would I want to do that? I'd just piss you off by giving my honest opinion of you.
I'd rather meet the real Devil than this fake devil.
. Should. Will.
@BarackObama
I am Indian citizen residing in India want to meet you personaly at my expense for international issues: Terrorism,  Nuclear
i love you!!! 
dont want to
How
what
love you how can i stop smoking
miss u mr president...
WHO IN THE HELL WANTS TO MEET YOU!!! YOU HAVE RUINED AMERICA.
pity uk can't apply
9 July2017 we submit Religious constitution first part if received by Mr. Obama. Mr. Obama we hope accept my challenge.#JB/22
sorry religious constitution submitted to Mr. Obama 9 July2016.
I want to know you
askim obisim
Is this opportunity for everyone? Then I will include myself and   three children
if i wanted to meet a lame duck id just go to the least cool pond in town
Barack, It would be an honor to meet you.  Thank You for you fine work.
How?
I would love to meet you. So that I can shack your hand and tell my kids I once shook a slaves hand. You do what the Demo say..
(y)
تكفى ي اوباما فوز ف الانتخابات فكنا من ترامب..
I'd rather meet Bernie
no way
how can I meet you?
omg
we love him too much
thank you Mr President for your work
Fack you اوباما مع شيخ الدواسر يا كافر ي فاجر 
If I have the chance,  yes I love to meet the President and the rest of the first family. Thanks for the opportunity 
Mr. President, I think you will be known, when the carnage and utter bulls__t stops, as one of the BEST Presidents in history!!
. Good
Ahh no thanks Wouldn't know what bathroom would to use
I am waiting :)
AWESOME JOB MR. PRESIDENT
Good evening Sir, I was wondering if you have time could you visit our Community College some time this summer?
I would love to meet the president
you are the best and the most educated president that ever occupied the white house
would very much like to meet Pres. Obama
Your number1
TyeshaBonner
.                 J

How's it going Mr President
I know this is off topic but what do you think about Donald Trump being elected for president
oh no sorry i dont want too
I would love to meet the most powerful man in the world.
boy that is really high on my list!! no thanks I am going to a TRUMP rally!
I love u!
dude
why would I want to meet this scum
are white people eligible?
#Red Nose Day 4Kids Microsoft  Kimberly
No thanks.
good going
I contributed! We love you Mr. President!
I like you
. Hi Mr President! If you are coming to New Zealand it would be awesome to meet you?
you the best president ever
Mr president thanks for all you do
Barack Obama さん

　Don't miss this

Thank you very much

@BarackObama
For what?
Seems legit.
dont kno whats gonna happen to us whn u leave
@BarackObama
I really would be honored.
Now that would be a trip!
@BarackObama
I'd love to meet the president 
If I did, it would be to call him a traitor.
stop the Obama hating and when you see this man start congratulating
would waste my time. Liars and frauds like you are a dime a dozen!
I wish this applies for Canadian residents as well.
c you soon jw
#سافر_علي_مصر_للطيران
@mexican love u
you are coming to The Netherlands back again?
#Wow
I love you .
which bathroom shall I use
yukarıdan kimselere bakma sende insansın..
very proud
no i can't, im attending recruit training at MCRD San Diego all summer
I'll take part in this when Bernie wins.
the what???
USA supports Z moderate opposition #ISIS #ISIL
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7HgdP2hR63Q … 
 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IbMhLGCba-M …
who cares
yuck - would never want to meet you
i think to usa
FDJ and US caminando en 2 vías, esto es innovación genuina.

وما تقدموا لانفسكم من خير تجدوه عند الله هو خيرا واعظم اجرا
why can't I get a chance!! All the way from Suriname..
A lot of haters out there.
