Happy Birthday Mr President
Happy birthday     
☻
HAPPY 55TH BELATED BIRTHDAY TO MY WONDERFUL & DARLING  COMMANDER IN CHIEF & HIS NAME IS BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA EVERYONE'S....
happy birthday my president
Gloria doit etre retrouver
Happy Birthday Mr. President!
Can I please just wish my president a happy birthday without opening the door to political agendas? Thank you!

Voici le lient https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyuY0Rc9Fjk … de Mr Jean Elie Lachapelle pour plus de video +22964295402
Happy birthday Barack Obama
Happy Belated Birthday Obama :) I reckon you care #Obamacare , environmental issues are real one's not imaginary.
Mr. Barack Obama you from making Daesh terrorism is an American industry and have nothing to do Blasalam Long live Palestine,
happy brithday
happy birthday great leader.
....wish you very-very happy b,day
GOD bless you  /Ajay k.s. tomar /09897684875
Nice
grate very nice https://goo.gl/MlPgN2 

I REALLY LIKE BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA EVERYONES
happy birthday
Trump is smart I am sure he will go over the policies and keep the ones that are good for our country. transgender thing?
I liked my grandma's day everything was normal. Why to expose our little girls to such men are men, woman are woman.
why to put our children through this.
a very happy birthday and mane , many more better and better each year may God bless you always
Obama has lied to us, given our money 2 terrorists, destroyed our constitution and ppl still love this man! UNREAL!!!!
U got that right! Definitely not a Commander-in-Chief! Please hurry and get out!!!!
happy birthday sir God always on your side and your family
cảm ơn ngài đã đến trái đất này
Failure.In.Chief is more the truth
many happy returns of the day
aww why you so upset? Cuz he didn't take away your guns???? Don't be rude little whack job.
hbd sir
سلام من منتظر کمک مالی شما هستم شما یک ریس جمهورکشوری هستید
Best President evrr
Happy birthday to you
happy birthday Mr.President.  Enjoy your day.
the greatest man of our time.

And I am honored you have served as president. Many blessings to you and your family always!
My family and I hope that you had a very Happy Birthday yesterday.
Happy  Birthday..Mr. President..wish God blessing u and ur family
thank God it's almost over.   I think this country has had enough of you.
happy birthday to you The  president of america
. Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday Mr Obama, love you all from Indonesia. Do you remember Menteng and Sarinah Mr. President...GBU.
@ElleLamar Happy birthday!
what kind of sad sack asks his followers to sign his birthday card
happy Birthday Mr. President God Bless You ...
Happy Birthday you have great one ..MrPresident
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR.OBAMA
Happy birthday!
happy birth day sir
Happy Birthday to the man who respects women...!
happy birthday
happy birthday to you, best wish for you, always strongly, happiness.
many many more birthdays to come Mr President Barack Obama, Happy happy birthday Sir
Happy birthday
Happy Birthday President Obama. Pray you'll have many happy returns of the and days ahead, Ameen
كم صار عمرك يا طويل العمر ؟

@BarackObama
Many Happy returns of the day to Mr.President.
Congratulation Mr. President Obama. Work for peice in world
Happy Birthday
Happy BIRTHDAY PRESIDENT
enjoy your day Mr President
Happy Birthday！
I'd have loved to but, as a non American, it wouldn't let me. So, "Happy Birthday, Mr President . . ."
@BarackObama
happy birthday
@BarackObama
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIR :-) WE LOVE YOU :-)
May God Bless You a very happy, successful and marvelous life to serve all mankind.
HELLO OBAMOOBEZYANA I VSE TVOI UBLUDKI S NATO EC.
@emmatai88 only issue with this is that they require a contribution
ok I am just wishing him a Happy Birthday has nothing to do with a contribution
...
Understand 100%. You've always had talent and integrity and was just an FYI
:)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. PRESIDENT!
You're the best President ever of USA.
Happy 55th Birthday..Mr. President...May you be Blessed with Many More...God Bless You & Your Family!♡~KCJ
happy birthday I'm glad you have been are presednt the past 8 years  happy birthday
Happy Birthday Mr President from a large fan base in Australia
Happy Birthday, Mr. President. U da best. Sad to see you go!
happy brithday sir 
You're the best !!!! All my best to you !  HAPPY BIRTHDAY  !!! And many more!!!  <3
it must be cold in WDC..lots of fur and gloves??
Happy Birthday!!!
Happy Birthday! We will miss you!
 Happy Birthday to you 
@BarackObama
Happy Birthday Mr President, thank you so much for your service, may God continue to bless you  
Happy Birthday!:)
May God's choicest blessing be ever yours! Have a fantastic birthday and a great year ahead! With love -Prachi, Sushmi & Himani
happiest happy birthday, President Obama! TY for being you. I'm so glad you were born!
happy birthday to you..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY POTUS.
Happy BirthDay
Happy birthday!!!! GOD BLESS  YOU SO MUCH.
happy birthday from Canada,,,you are loved here,,,have a wonderful day.
thank you for your service and have a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Happy Birthday. We will miss you. You are the best...a class act. Betty Brennan
Happy Birthday Mr. President!!!
What a tremendous eight year run. I've never favored term limits, you just keep being our president and I'll say Happy B-day !!
embarrassment to the American people
Happy Birthday Mr President, Always a great time of year. Your B-day comes one day before mine, so  a double celebration it is
Happy Birthday Mr. President Barack Obama. You're the best
@kerrywashington happy birthday mr president
happy birthday Mr President. Wishing you many, many more wonderful years of health and happiness
happy birthday commander and chief president Barack Obama president of the united states of America
Happy Birthday, Mr.President!! God bless you!
Happy Birthday President Obama. Live and enjoy Life.
happy birthday
happy birthday Obama
Happy Birthday Mr President!  I think you've done an outstanding job and I will miss you and Michelle dearly!!!
as loser in chief
Best birthday wishes. May you laugh a lot and your smile not fade.
I'm not old enough to sign the card, but happy birthday, Mr. President!!
#SashaGets6SecretServiceAgentsAndBenghaziAmbassadorStevensHad2
We are in debt 20 trillion dollars and you give a terrorist country billions of dollars. Way to look after my grandchildren.
Just go away, forever.
Happy Birthday President Barack Obama @BarackObama
Happy birthday Mr President!
same birthday as Z !
happy birthday chief.
#roanldgod
Happy Birthday, Mr. President
hi senior citizen welcome to the club
Happy birthday adventures! Thank you for all you've done for us all.
Happy Birthday to the best ever and the coolest ever I just love u also my husband birthday is today too
Happy Birthday! :)
unless DLM
Happy born day. We share the same day. May God continue to bless you and your family
yay no more birthdays in the #whitehouse. Now onto the #Olympics. Please shut up for two weeks.
Ur helped save America. Top 5 president dead or alive
thanks man for ur service! Very much appreciated!
Happy Birthday President Obama! 
Chúc Mừng Ngài Tổng Thống Obama!
From,
Melody Mai
Happy Birthday! You're awesome!
Happy Birthday President Obama!
You Will Be Missed, Hope You Have a Joyous Day with family!Brad & Gail Berg, Tulare, Ca
Happy Birthday Mr. President !!!
made it a good one  Happy birthday to you.  Gladys Freeman Charleston Sc
happy birthday  my friend, congratulations
Wishing you a very Happy Birthday.
Happy Birthday Mr.President  have a great Day ... And happy Birthday to me too
NEVER LAST,WHITE HOUSE NEED THIS GREAT,HE IS THE COLUMN HOLDING AND WILL TO SUSTAIN *USA!THE GREAT SOLE!THIS NOBLE PEACE PRIZE!
Happy birthday
Feliz Cumpleaños!!! 
maybe they'll bring him a cake next year in Federal Prison :-p
Happy Birthday and may you be blessed with many many more!
Happy Birthday to the BEST PRESIDENT this country has ever had......thanks for the past 8 years of service to this Great Nation
el mejor presidente de la historia, sencillo y amigable bravo
Happy Birthday Mr.President Wish you good health & happiness 
happy bday!! Many many more!
Happy Birthday,  Mr. President! May God bless you and your family!
Happy Birthday Mr President 
best wishes on your birthday all the way from Bonnie Dundee.
happy birthday
happy birthday
@WhiteHouse @POTUS @SgyYogarajah YOURS HON SEEN REMEMBERED AND TODAY'S WISHES ARE MANY MANY TO DO MORE FOR UNITY & PROGRESS +++
happy birthday President Barack Obama from your Canadian friends
Happy 55th 44!!!
#trump2016
Happy birthday Mr President 
no!!!!!!
