Barack you left a trouble middle East and millions of innocent lives are taken God forgive
Amusing!!
Are you going to collect all Hillary's lies there? You will need lots of bags.
Trump can have his lies carried in bags made at slave wages in China, Mexico, Bangladesh and other countries!
I don't give a crap. Both of them are terrible candidates. But Hillary is a career criminal.
because the GOP told you so! No charges, arrests or convictions! Just saying!
That is the stupidest come back I've yet seen.
it seems to take folks that think they are the sharpest tool in the box so long to reply! What comment Einstein?
Are you really that dependent on twitter that you measure response time now?
you do know twitter gives a notification when a message comes in at least mine does?!
you are genuinely awesome in every way. My daughter and I love the Obama's!!
There are organizations that rescue people from cults. Call http://cultrescue.com/  maybe they can help.
haha
Sir give me USA student visa they have rejected me for three time talk to your Consulate of hyderabad (India).*
Sorry my friend, in America you have to be Mexican or Muslim to enter. True fact.
im muslim
Then your in, keep trying
No Bro in India hyderabad state they are tough interview & they are issuing visas as less as much..
Sorry to hear that, good luck. Sometimes it seems they make it hard for good people.
its ok thanks..
May the curse of your doings follow you.
Then he will be truly blessed for taking the high road while folks like you took the low road!
Truly may God forgive you for supporting any of these leaders - shame!
There is only 1 party,THE OWNERS. Earth has about ten years left.Owners crashed global weather system. BTW Pray!
.Niece sir
Psyco BrwashdQuantMngrElectrElevtrTwrBogusShutdwnGaurdShtDwnBogusDailyBurglarsLemons,InstitutionRespitASAP
love to sell paintings travels an newer vehicles. Smiling hot afternoon cats. Dogs woofing found Arkansas canines.
It is O ver.
wish list money trees low
Grab several to pack your crap out of OUR White House and NO stealing anything either! Good riddance!
god bless you for a happy living and due service to mankind.
/ GOOD MORNING / NIGHT  SIR. GOD BLESS U ALL SIR.
Obama's true legacy..save the world one bag at a time. little was heard about it for a period so HE'LL just EXECUTIVE ORDER IT
we need money to support my disability amanda
you will be great man marketing. do it it's suitable for you more than the presidency
hello
LIBERAL Progressive BULLSHIT I don't need! That's why this country is in the TOILET!  listen to this!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLuxHO86hRg …
4:ckmnblnx9;
I ALREADY HAVE ONE OF THOSE..BUT IT READS "BIKERS FOR TRUMP"!!!
You are actually a much better  advertiser than president.
mad trump not good for whole world hillary
Under Obama's leadership, the World is a Much MORE Dangerous Place.
anything to say on the Chigoury and Clinton relationship,man u are a disappointment.
Sure,hilary can handle bigdeals wit ease despite brain prblms as fox news put it.i hate fox.
:)
-5 cool points for repurposing all those PBS tote bags but +5 for recycling I guess we aim to go resource neutral on everything
grea
a8ifwr1tnwatkk
we were proud with you when you be president. But you were shadow of devil on earth.
Why are citizens of greatest country in the world so negative about gvmt'. Can we disagree without hate?
I'm hopeful to see a USA that finally respects democratically elected officials of any party. #disrespect

God bless you, but this is your Twitter it? Mr. President
Can't wait til you're locked up, along with #CrookedHillary.  You two are essentially the founders of ISIS!
Love ya man.  Wish you could go another term.  Oh, and hope you keep speaking out against that nut case!
. Mr president u need to do all u can to convince the people of american to vote. H I L A R Y
https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/761017890640240640/video/1 …
just purchased mine!
什么时候帮一把中国啊？我们说句话还要翻墙。
supreme president Barack Hussein Obama turkey on white party dropshadow Let destruction Fettullah Lets head instead Nusayriyah
Seriously! One of the most powerful men in the world.......have some dignity BOB!
Lets go trump!!!
So much nice. #SIR !
I will buy one if you sport one in media coverage. Bonus points for displaying it HSN style *jazz hands displaying*
-NO THANKS! IF I WERE A PUSSY LIKE YOU...I MIGHT. NO REAL MAN, OR WOMAN WOULD BE CAUGHT DEAD WITH THIS GAY SHIT! #Trump2016
http://radaronline.com/photos/malia-obama-smoking-pot-claims-lollapalooza-twerking-video/photo/1329712/ …
hello sir. ..love u so much I wnt to meet u once in my life ur my inspiration. ...love u
burn it
narcissitic much?
hi
President TRUMP!!!! Sick of being preached at!!!
for picking up after your dog
No thanks, @BarackObama. Now you are pushing retail. What a turn off Obama.
I much rather have the Trump Hat.
Nice!
After you leave, please write a book or give inspirational speeches. Please don't fall into the online sales business. ;)
It's amazing the stuff you find in the backs of closets when preparing for a move. #CraigslistWeekendWarrior
we love n honor you Barack.
Bo Blunt NFL agent
you are a funny guy and I will miss you, your family and your values as the Oval rotates.  Job quite well done, my friend.
:I'd watch how I used the word "progressive". In some parts of the country that word can get you killed.
olabilir mi ? Kapitalizm'in sona ermesi ile ilgili atmış oldukları adımlar varmı?
anılan, dünyaya hükmedeceği bilinen bir şahıs ile ilgili simgelerin olması amerikanın ezeli kaderindede olan bir işareti
even though this is not POTUS you should consider that this looks like a sitting president shilling crap. Please stop.
düşünüyorlar mı? Başkanlığının bitişinden önce bunun ile ilgili attıkları adımlar varmı? CIA'nin simgesinde HZ.MEHDİ ünvanı ile
Selamün aleyküm. Sayın başkana şunu sormak isterim amerikan ekonomisinde temiz enerjiye geçiş sürecini hızlandırmayı
Wow
You just keep doing what you're doing, Mr President.  Lots of us .are with you and with Hillary.
http://nice.how  can i get it in K.S.A
tote bags? Really?  shameless commerce department Don't be a Trump
I will not buy your propaganda bully
lol
lasFARC are terrorist like ALKAHELA ISSIS . if they are not worse
Creating GREEN INDUSTRY in the USA will create millions of jobs + a Brave New World with no pollution
. dr OBAMA not let it come to colombia socialism there is already a cuba venezuela bolivia
how about no
Huh? I know you are the *American* President, but selling merchandise through Twitter?!
Does Michael have one for his make up? lol
@EdwardafSillen @NeilTurner Neil is a moron that tags all Obama's posts. He's a Drone for Drumpf troll. #NeverTrump #ImWithHer
Trying to make some last minute dough incase she is lying to you too? LMAO
NEVER. How cheesy....
buy my merchandise! I'm a world "leader"
That guy is going to make a fortune off of endorsements next year.
thank you!
does it steal money and kill people like progressives do?
Thanks Mr President.
Do you deliver to the UK?
Follow me back fam
fill it with the white house silver as you leave.
thanks for being you.
tacky like the criminal obama administration .
good to take a dump in maybe like u r doing to our Country.
@realDonaldTrump Hmm, Progressive means communism right?
what is a progressive organized travel ? is that demoncrat speak for traveling around going from protest to protest
I was going to buy one for #LoserDonald but his tiny hands can't grip the bag.
is that really made in Thailand?
I think that people should clean the u.s.a and be proud of it
@BarackObama
nice bag
nice
Awesome!  Something to put my Obamaphone for my next beer summit
tepeden insan sevgisiyle siya beyaz altan bakisi.
you must be kidding
I wouldn't give you a plug nickel to be seen with that.
Must be nice to sit around and NOT keep Americans secure! Did you buy Hillary a bag?Hope so, she can put all of her money in it
yo, if anyone hating on your daughter for takin a hit of a joint, ignore them lol. She's being a normal Harvard student lol
One God and one religion and follow the Prophet of God sent one of one book that is the religion of Islam with ease
please follow me as soon as possible
Nibiru.
Yo quiero uno de estossss¡¡¡¡¡
no thanks, i got 2 for $2 @ goodwill. is assimilation via corporatist worshipping sycophants considered progressive organizing?
Thanks for Keeping
America Safe from
2008 Economy Crash
To No Mayor Attack 
Like 9/11 Today
@BarackObama
@POTUS
Recall,"Trump is selling steaks as if he's on the Home Shopping Network."
you are great
federal legalization of marijuana maybe?
it!!
Can you please stay in the white house, i will buy a freaking tote bag if i have to. #GreatestPresidentEver
te queremos mucho
Duydun Değil mi REIS i YA TÜRKIYE YA FETÖ Seçim Sizin ABD nin
@BarackObama
I'd use it for toilet paper if it was free!
Thank you for being OUR President!! Enjoy your vacation. You and @FLOTUS deserve some quiet down time!!!
Sorry, I'm not into funding wars.
it also works well for vomiting into when you see or hear Hillary. @HillaryClinton #CrookedHillary
It's MAXIMUM "Whoring" AND "Pandering" this election season!!!.

Pfffftt....such pathetic GARBAGE.

Silly "Humans".
Are you serious??
Gosh!! Thanks, will do
It's like they're NO DIFFERENT from the "Republicans/Conservatives".

Trump pimps "Hats/Shirts"

Hillary/Obama do the same.
مساء الخير سيدي الرئيس
على ما أعتقد السيد ترب من السادة الموسكويين فمصالحه معظمها منهم ودعمه
lol, you are not a progressive.
.@BarackObama I actually wonder - sorry for the slightly deviation, but -: does @gop alternatively offer trash bags with #Trumps face on it?
I'll  take 10 bags to burn in my fire pit!!
SERIOUSLY?!.

wow....I mean WOW!!!.

THIS is what "Democrats/Liberals" have to offer; "Tote Bags".
how many emails fit in this bag?
peace and love forever in our history. Respect and Honor.
hey my man @BarackObama you should check out my Etsy page lots of good totes there
http://oczyms-tam.blogspot.com/2016/08/ostatnio-rozmawiajac-z-wieloma.html …
stop this harassment and judgment !!! I don't deserve it !!!
really
