says the most partisan pres ever
;They,re doing their job blocking everything good for the country;. #DirtyJob.
how is it that you are still in office
.@BarackObama 

Your ideology will not survive #HillarysAltRightSpeech.

Fatal strategic mistake:
Give it up Obama, not going to happen in your life time, just start packing for the golf course
WHAT U R DOING TO US IS UNACCEPTABLE
I agree as do most decent Americans! They are holding the Supreme Court hostage!
Rubio, who just won his primary promised on his pres. run to repeal everything Obama has done. What about the REAL issues?
You never had a fair chance And I apologize for everyone that refuse to see beyond the color of your skin
that is going to be hillary clintons day
They have done nothing but scrutinize emails with no success, attempt to repeal Obamacare over 60 times.
.i love you too mr excelence president.God of earth and heaven bless you
I agree
@BarackObama
. I think you are do a good job
@ester4609 #do your job%senatorsmightbetoo old to know.
sorry obama , looks like trump bribe the whole country. 
Story will be out soon about this Judge.
Plz don't speak to me about shameless Mr. President. It's to early in the week to be to telling stories
#DOYOUREJOBSENATORS
All those republicans need to be put to pasture, and Judge Garland needs to go back to the lodge and forget about Supremacy!
@angryblackmale @LouDobbs leaders answer is NOT news flash : they don't trust POTUS  judgment today. Better wait for January.
@jhb430 I think the 1 thing obama could have done is get us the land we were promised,without owning any land how far can we go
once it leans liberal instead of conservative the republicans won't recognize it any longer. They love to divide the country!
President Obama should find a way to appoint Garland, or nominate himself to fill the seat
Can a Senator,breaches his duty,
it is known that Court need of their vote,
but responsibility and work,is what they need to do
when I don't do my job , I lose my Job
We Dems appreciate you, President Obama!!
You never had a fair chance. And I apologize for everyone that refuse to see beyond the color of your skin
Separation of powers is one tough pill to swallow, isn't it?
How about #do yourjobDOJ #doyourjobFBI Our government has become so corrupt on your watch.
they need to get fired for refusing to do their jobs!
Americans, don't you wish our president had done his?? Keep up the good work Senate Leaders! Say no to another liberal judge!
give the people a judge we can agree on. Do your job.
What an ignorant self serving President we have. Pleas do this Country a favor and finish your term on vacation.
Cute how Republicans want us to believe they aren't racists with behavior like this.
SUPREME COURT , DO YOUR JOB AND VOTE NO! WE DON'T WANT THIS JUDGE !
You ran as a progressive, not a neo-liberal. You betrayed us. Garland is terrible. TPP is terrible. Your legacy is terrible.
I'm glad you are keeping this issue alive -- hypocrisy hurts democracy everywhere -- see
same thing dems did when George W had a nominee. Both sides need to stop and do what's right for Americans
what do you want me to do with this news when everyman runs off with my wheels? It's you who's face is on the line
as a hard working middle class American I don't have the option to not do my job #DoYourJob
...Like USA....2016
Mr Obama how can you sleep?
Dear Mr. president We Can't Save Them All. I Bow Down For Your Work
THE WORD SAY TAKE NOTHING
The GOP don't care!..
The MOST SHAMEFUL THINGS
IS
CREATE ALL TENTION towards WARS
Big refugees

SELL MORE MLITARY SUPPLY
& Untruth in action
URGLY
what's unacceptable are liberal SCOTUS judges hell bent on destroying the Constitution
..je te l ai dis...!...
We don't need your pick for Justice. #They are doing their job checking you
@bowfisher1080 @Troll_King666 @BarackObama
give it a break , worry bout Iran circling our ships
@realDonaldTrump How can U say this with a straight face? Remember when U insulted the justices in State of the Union address?
Start by respecting it yourself. Close #Guantanamo. In @Canada if you dont respect the supreme court, its «outrage au tribunal»

Supports putting the supreme court above politics, then supports a candidate who has litmus tests for SC nominees.
look who's talking, hypocrite!
Agree. POTUS and the American people should also be held in higher regard. Will miss you in the White House.
I so wish Nigeria can hear and take heed
@BarackObama
.They won't. They just need to be fired and never reelected
DO YOUR JOB SENATE!
@StopBigMoney get the obstruction out of Congress first of all
keep it up Mr. President. The Republicans have lost it all
GOP is holding the entire nation hostage &  should be punished
I voted for you but u r a joke. Let the new president make the appointment and stay out of the race. #havesomeclass #shameless
thatsRIGHT #doyourJob #igot3shifts #saturday #dontseeME #cryingaboutit #DOYOURJOB
Obama running around crying fowl. Where was our worthless President when people were getting there heads cut off, playing Golf?
it is their prerogative, not partisanship...not that you would know what that is
@Neek_Official oh hell no I will not Retreat retweet one word Obama has to say, he has ruined our United States of America.!! 
Where in US do leaders of an institution + their employees, get paid for Not Doing Their Jobs, for YEARS? US Senate.
aqui é br
its almost like a system of checks and balances exist....
NO FREAKIN WAY
Just til Hillary gets in. They'll confirm him in ten minutes or less.
how about putting AMERICAN justice before party and let the nomination go forward.
Citizen
when i head @POTUS nominee spoke at his announcement.i could felt the humor within him.surely does he deserve a hearing.
Well, in '97 Bill Clinton wasn't leading an out of control executive branch. #NoRubberStampForYou
Senate Do Your Job. Obstructionist, do your job!!!
hi
You and Hillary are 2 peas in the same pod
do your job potus!  You perpetuated this partisan atmosphere. It's called Karma!
stop crying. Ain't gonna happen
we don't trust you to make decisions because we hold the Supreme Court in high regard.
the senate is a joke!! A bunch of old men that need to retire.
no
HELLO,PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA
N.KOREA SLBM LAUNCH IS TOO ROUGH, UFG SAFETY TRAINING AND PROGRESS, I  HOPE SONN THAAD DEPLOYMENT
yes. why not?
I believe it is racism, why they have refused to bend
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing  remitted back to the United States, to be fast.
#IRSScandal
#Obamacare 
#GreatDivider
#GolfPresident
#Louisiana 
#Ferguson
#Iran
#400Million

What is YOUR job?
You are right Sir
. Exactly  nimekubari
Thank you.
well our election system also should be held in higher regard (free and fair), but i don't see @BarackObama tweeting about that
and I thought American senators were more sensible than most but I was wrong,they behave like Pharisees..hypocrites
fool proof stop gap on horizon. sound demo all the way. #doyourjob applied thought, strategic consolidated and refined.
Look at these hatin' mother fu**ers tweeting at you?!
*laugh out loud*
#TheBestPresEv
these Republicans are everything we hate about Washington.
#ObamaFreedomDance
http://www.sskshopping.com/Underpants/index.php/product/the-new-bandage-bikini/ …   New bikini, 12.7 dollars, free delivery, paypal payment
YOU are Shameless !!!
美国的三权鼎立制和党派之争，缔造美国政府和官员的廉洁，难道美国也对共产主义的一党专制执政也垂涎吗?
I agree!!!
do your job
you have bigger worries, like getting caught in Hillary, Bill, and Chelsea's web of sorted dealings thru "The Foundation"
Shut up fool shame full double the nation debt that un patriotic sounds formulary!
So coward like them will never understand the honour, thats you sick.
I agree w/ the President do ur job. The bigotry of this country is astonishing. So much for brotherhood. So very sad

what can we do? They r out right not doing their jobs.
you wouldn't be saying this if  he shoe was on the other foot.
Hopefully Republican Senate will soon regret the conscious abrogation of their responsibilities.
here's the real face of Giuliani - Trump's advisor.
and where is the Constitutional requirement that they "do their job"?
presidents don't get.everything they want
I agree with Mr president. There must be division work #do your job

@Alan_Hawk00 With it being likely Hillary will win, and democrats will retake the senate, republicans will wish they had.
.@BarackObama Practice what you preach and do your job. Fool.
they're doing what is right. #stopyourbitching
What does, person that that appear normal, actunwisely, without respecting their work and the people,as Don Juan of the cavern.
#lameduck
don't throw stones POTUS
There is nothing more shameful then having a Pres. who is Un American & breaks all the rules!
Elections have consequences, Mr. Pres...
I am SO angry that their hatred of Pres. Obama is stronger than their desire to do what the citizens pay them to do- their job!
they really need term limits.............they're doing a lot of damage to democracy in my opinion!
they must be out golfing.
at worst it is no different than back when you and your party did the same thing. Admit your own shameful behavior first.
you should know you're the king when it comes to partisan politics.  You're the great divider.
many days ago
the whole system is partisan Its the biggest ingredient in politics and elections, media, candidates the whole show
@TheGnudz that's what Washington is all about. This isn't news Mr. Prez.
Love you man! Keep doing you and stay strong. Fuck tha Haters!
have you looked up the word opposition.
Mr President, they stopped doing their job a long time ago! #WeThePeople need to #vote them all out! @BarackObama #vote
YOU know everything there is to know about shameless partisanship
should've came through with transparency on the GMO labeling because you said. I saw Senate accepted 400 million from monsanto.
WELL MAYBE IF YOU WERE NOT TRYING TO HYJAK THIS COUNTRY THEY WOULD. YOU ARE A TRAITOR!!!
Filmlerinizde kendinizi kahraman göstermeye çalışmayın. Kalleş ve iki yüzlü olduğunuzu biliyoruz.
Siz terör örgütlerini besleyen bir terör devletisiniz. Artık dünya bunu anlamalı. Size mesafe koymalı.
biz sizin nasıl bir vampir olduğunuzu biliyoruz.Müslüman kanıyla beslendiğinizi de biliyoruz.Hain alçak ve yalancı olduğunuzuda
is all about partisanship just look at affordable care act. And its not affordable!
I agree. It is shameless partisanship. Just another GOP obstruction.
I would tell my Texas Senators to do their job but it will do absolutely nothing. They don't represent all Texans.
you were too young when you were elected and you pissed everyone off - you never tried to play nicely - these are consequences
#DoYourJob #RecklessRecess
maybe if all you Dems who only care about certain Americans would try to represent all Americans you would not have these probs
....really..who gives a crap..politicians+$= corruption and liars
you are correct they should do their job. I would've been fired for not doing my job by now!
Appointing Loretta Lynch was nothing more than shameless racism; #DoYourJob
yeah you've never engaged in shameless partisanship have you?  #hypocrite
The GOP don't care!
you shady POS! Why pay a RANSOM in cash, then wire the remainder a few days later? Makes no sense.
you've got a lot of nerve calling out shameless partisanship You endorsed a candidate that's rigged an election! #ElectionFraud
The @GOP has long since stepped from shamelessness to depravity. Just look at their candidate! #GOP
I'll try to tell them. But I don't think they get very good reception in their spider holes. Obama for SCOTUS. 
#BidenRule
the democrats did the same thing to the republicans ask your VP about that one
you would know.
Al Gore held the "second-highest" office in the country; but never made it to first;  ascension is not a given #DoYourJob
# stop whining #to liberal # put up a constitutional conservative # be courageous
