Here for giveing ur rever now
As you got Pedos and pips working with wiman and kids
America is in trouble and needs to wake up before it's too late. Trump could become our American dictator.  Like Hitler - suddenly it happens. WAKE UP.
Under bush trump Obama for ur reptshon and crime ratings
As what's ur maning faces instrutter say for the world
Here for the wore as that tarressan
And just lasan don
Here for the wore
As that the funding for the hisbtetal as that uman rights
To make it free to stat
I'm hold there uman rights
yes Mr president
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …

#terrorism They will find the guilty and it will not be a nice meeting.
Good morning
I do believe the dismantling of the Constitution Congress and the Senate is trying to do.
I miss you and your family you was amazing president.I wish you were still in the white house you brought so much class

I agree, THAT'S WHY RUTH BETA GINSBERG NEEDS TO RESIGN!
That Niger me just for blushing me
As there vitamins of crime
Here for equally up wimans rights
Like the nhs foundashon
Fundashashon
Ur uman rights to Bill the hisbtetal
Morris and libertters
Sipal
What's ur maning faces instrutter say for the world
Priserblal
Here for a national anthem as I'm holding there uman rights
Wimans rights so what the fuck the industry and look at the wimam
As nation of ur maning faces instrutter
Just grip a cuopal of role models
As nation of ur maning faces instrutter for the next generation
As this is of the maning faces instrutter here for the wore as there in nation as ur maning faces instrutter under bush trump Obama
Wimans rights
As ur feeling to provide scrutiny and scrutiny to the first to the nation that issues the wiman a self working investment uman rights
As I holding ur uman rights
Equally up wimans rights
Ur uman rights to Evan billd the hisbtetal
That that ur rever now
There ur meleses
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
, Иисус Христос, да благословит вас , мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
, Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse ,, la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha
http://apple.co/2nHgbDO   #SignOfTheTimes  #Scandal  #AmorESexo  #Vertigo2017 #Riverdale
#SomethingDifferentOutNow
@MPMPHD1
dont go under the other!!!
buen hombre dios te bendiga siempre
don't need a constitution buster.
Haloooo
GOOD MORNING MY LOVERBOY & MY DARLING SWEET PRESIDENT WHO'D REALLY LOVE/ ADMIRED ALOT HIS NAME IS BARACK OBAMA
Yeah, they need to get right on it. Right after we elect Donald Trump!
@ArnMenconi #colorado #ColoradoSprings #denver #telluride  Vote Arn Menconi for US Senate Colorado Green Party!  #greenparty
@princesspoola Made worse when they admit they have no intention of doing their jobs even after the election is decided.
@thisgirldontply No. They haven't taken on legislation on it till later date. No law that says it has to be done immediately.
@HillaryClinton @DWStweets @donnabrazile @TheDemocrats @GOP I've had enough #KabukiTheater #AreYouNotEntertained? @areyou0
#DoYourJob We need a 10th Justice as an alternate to fill in and be in line if a justice can't serve.
Sounds unconstitutional to me.  How do The People file suit to get Mitch moving?
Do your own job...the people don't want your pick for Supreme Court...waiting for Trumps picks!
You've never done YOUR job.  #Trump2016
U HAVE UNDERCUT THE PRINCIPALS & THE POWER OF POTUS. YOU HAVE DIVIDED COUNTRY WITH HATE & VOTING DECEIT
I  have the deepest respect for you sir. We will continue to pressurize the bastards.
bao giờ người lại qua Việt nam chơi vậy
@peoplefor maybe Americans United and Foval can lend you another hand getting it done.
enough is enough.
I agree wholeheartedly the R house and senate should get off their lazy asses and do their jobs or they are fired.
no Time for Trump!
and you've wilfully violated the constitution you swore to protect!
can not wait for Trump to be president we will have transparency
BIAFRA: Deceit Economic Diversification And Further Oil Exploration in Nigeria http://dlvr.it/MSknjQ 
thank youuuuuuuuuuuu man
cool
you are part of the problem  .time is now to get ride of the establishment.
I voted for you twice. You still want to talk to me about what's unacceptable? You are the biggest con artist ever.
many of us actually did serve this country Mr. President. Even though we found out we served corporations instead.
??Was it your job to undercut to privacy and rights of protesters in this country with the NDAA? Was it your job to stifle us?
i am sick of our senate leaders!
but we can tolerate a person like you as president
Sir please call on our PM to hasten decision of Cabinet Note dt 12th March 2015 of Food Ministry on pension tol Food employees.
We will vote them OUT soon..we remember THEM shutting down THE GOVERMENT
SCOTUS is #UnConstitutional They should be elected by #WeThePeople
nice
you are negligent. Stop the voter fraud, stop the corruption, and reset this presidential nomination process.
What's unacceptable is the disrespect that the American people show on this thread alone. Our President deserves your respect!!
appoint a judge who will uphold the constitution and maybe they will except your appointee.  #DoYourJob Barry
can't wait til January 2017.
And we the people will not allow you to appoint another liberal to the Supreme court. Enough is enough.
Do your's and stop campaigning on my dime!
支持你
Biden Bromance.
SInclair I Declare. be sure not to eat that Eclare
Vera Baker.  Heard to U & Her in Hotel Room . did Your Order Rum to the Room.
exactly
Well that pretty much sums up why you are NOT fit to be on the SC
Think when history judges the Obama presidency, it will b considered the "Black" President experiment that went horribly wrong!
Actually, yes we can!
That is why we are waiting for TRUMP.
If you don't introduce legislation to prevent it, then nothing can be done. Ever. Time to close the loophole.
that's why Congress has stopped you
أوباما.الله.يقتلك..

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account, remitted back to the United States,
so did having Justice Scalia assassinated is that what gave you the erection?
Democrats did same thing.  No worry your legacy will be tarnished by a corrupt Clinton Presidency.
WHAT COMES TO MIND WHEN IT COMES TO THE GOP WAR MONGERS? SADISTIC, IRREDEEMABLE & UNFORGIVABLE GOP/DEA/WAR MONGERING FOR 48yrs!
GOP doesn't want Trump, yet it is willing to wait for His selection.  All have forgotten his skeezy picks as finance advisors
What's unacceptable is you.
And yours
Who has undercut the American Heritage as a debtor nation: $21 Trillion Debt ?
Will you pay him from your salary? National Debt plus Interest :
It's COMPLETELY acceptable, bcause yr tactic of sidestepping Congress means u have no political capital. You can't force Senate
Amen!
. Hello
when you get out then trump can fix everything you did wrong
thank you for a solid 8 years I will miss you
tout se que vous allez faire Mr le president sera marque dans l'histoir de se monde
Hello,PresidentObama,I am amiddle schoolstudent in China,I very much respect you,you are my idol,I really want to talk with you
I am a Chinese middle school student, although not a country, but I admire you very much, I especially want to talk with you.
Mr president I can not imagine how amazingly you tolerate them!
yay, Senate!  Stand up to tyranny!
YOU have undercut the functionality of our country, we are no longer a strong world leader under your watch. CIVIL UNREST
all left judges correct? I guess to continue your legacy.
Sure we can a-hole
Why are they allowed to form this militia against our country???? Anyone else would be shot for treason.
#DoYourJob *** Why didn't you took Congress and Republicans into confidence before appointing the SC Justice...!
You need to look at some of the actions you tried to pull with your veto power.

Oh get over it.. We are NOT a COMMUNIST nation "yet".
actes heroic qui s'affiche dans nos coeur
**on est jamais se qu'on a mais on est toujours se qu'on fait**
conclusion on a beau a avoir tout se que on veut mais ya ke les

Thank you for being such an inspirational leader, the world is sad to see you go.
// you are big liar
Stop undercutting government and the willingness to do the right thing. Senate Republicans should be ashamed. #DOTHERIGHTTHING
,good mrg sir..

哈？
günaydın presıdent obama,me ayaksın olm sen
Ok.  Why don't you then nominate a conservative judge.  Crooked people!
it's because of the do nothing Republicans! Time to vote them out!
Special Interests groups?
Oh, the #butthurt #hypocrisy of #Obama telling others #DoYourJob. How about you do your job & be President instead of a tyrant.
We can see the divisive nature that republicans enact when they don't get their way.
AnitaNelson is totally right!
Well said, Anita!
Our president has great ideas. Just let him do his job!
Obama you suck you were never my president my president has a spine
.@BarackObama What we cannot tolerate is a politically motivated, willfully negligent POTUS. Arms used to kill Benghazi heroes came from YOU
Mr Pres you have last than 3 months left in the WH . Are you going to finally release your college transcripts?
You said the same thing when you were running or did you forget?
hi
wh can't you do anything for the Indigenous fighting against DAPL
We can't tolerate you or Hilary. Can't wait for Jan. 20th to get rid of you and Hilary.
We tolerated Obamacare...
you will be judge!  Mark my words destruction is coming your way!
haha! http://www.newsmax.com/Politics/Michael-Obama-Donald-Trump-attack-warning/2016/10/13/id/753294/?ns_mail_uid=71726169&ns_mail_job=1691890_10132016&s=al&dkt_nbr=q8uq1ga9 …
agree
The Art of the Brain 
http://www.artofthebrain.org/ 
CANCER CURE - Vice president Joe Biden's Moonshot.
From the lips of a President who publicly chastised the Supreme Court for not voting/getting  your way! #hypocrite
the Republicans don't know how to do their job. We are replacing all of them for that reason
Wait isn't your choice politically motivated? Pot meet kettle...
