@TraitorBert_ #DoYourJob as a warrior XD @ScoutsJean
#TreeHumper
@AndreaKuszewski Babe Ruth hit 60 home runs in 1927. So what?
Is Babe Ruth a nominee for Supreme Court Justice? If not, then not relevant.
Ditto @BarackObama cite RT'd.
WTF are you talking about. I don’t need to cite you. I tweeted at you.
cited an irrelevant Obama quote. I pointed it out with a similarly irrelevant Babe Ruth fact. Expected you to understand.
you are going to be missed!!
Americoo do yor lob or loose your chair.
Republicans are more interested in crashing housing markets & cashing in. They got no time for judges.
we don't need another liberal judge. Wake up &stop drinking the Kool aid-bo is a socialist destroying ur rights 2
instead of complaining that senate should do their job, how about you do a decent job in office?
#Do you damn Job Republicans!!!
@SpeakerRyan #doyourjob
no no no no vote
then I'm sure he could be confirmed after you're out of office if the new president puts his name forward.
cool man
@AndreaKuszewski not really. The Senate is not consenting to your tearing up the Constitution
go republicant ASSHOLES!!!!!
no to gun grabbers. No to liberal judges
Actually YOU deserve a hearing...on why you claimed to be a foreign student at Occidental, and then onwards to Harvard.  Liar!
and the last time I ran a 10k it was under an hour, that's not today either
time to go Mr president don't let the white house door hit you on the way out!
Listen to us ! , https://igg.me/at/EasyColorExpress …, http://easycolorexpress.com 
you are not one to talk potus
EXACTLY!!
You are alright
What about being at home for Memorial Day? Oh. You despise our military, don't you? 

#DoYourJob
the senate is doing exactly what they should be doing
maybe all those executive actions left a bad taste in everyone's mouth.  It's not him, it's you.
shut up
REally if Garland got confirmed then why isn't he already a sitting SCOTUS Judge. Think you r doing your famous misleading here
When the POTUS actually does his job. Then maybe he could demand Senate to #DoYourJob . Until then it's a stalemate.
Sorry but nobody cares about your nomination.  GO TRUMP!

God bless you for been a Leader who is willing to UNITE the WORLD .
Chip in Now to agree we need a new system in the industry. Support our cause.
you don't why should they
that was Last Time.
The Senate is waiting for the election. U and the Sen Dems proposed same theory in 2006.
absolutely Not!
first the tea party now donald...some shoud say shut up donnie youre out of your element.
just stop! We don't want to hear anything you have to say. You cannot be trusted. Impeachment is  what you deserve.
anyone that Obama supports will be Liberal and consider the Constitution a "Living Document",
time for consequences for officials who blatantly ignore their constitutional duty #DoYourJob
it is not your turn now . ..shut up
How about pick a progressive not center right Republican. Stop rigging the  votes and have fair voting throughout this primary
yuvenın   havaryu love
ok
..gd afternoon MR PRESIDENT ...hope u and your family enjoy the weekend
Lair!
Ha Not this time! Like your rev said your chickens are coming home to roost.
I like Future President Donald Trump's Choice's better, we will let President Trump Decide!
That was before 2014 when the elections handed you your ass. BORK him
follow me.
NO THANK YOU! We don't want our 1st and 2nd amendments chiseled away from us!
he goes overseas and insults Trump. Breaks cardinal rule politics end at the waters edge. He is insecure no class
- Yes he does!
Free us O God we pray from among those who give us poison for our daily bread.
Senator have not been doing their jobs for years, they are more interested in padding their retirement package, like you !
@0045Modou
Nice to meet you，We can have a communication?
what would the result be on the DC circuit? Would you get a twofer?
lol nahh he can wait till next year
May the GOP rest in peace for what they are doing to this country.
The "PRINCE OF PAINT", https://igg.me/at/EasyColorExpress …, http://easycolorexpress.com 
Rev 21)
#bidenrule
#noscotusvote
#enoughalready
This lifetime SATAN rules but soon gonna be gone! Crying, pain, sickness, wars, fights nor death ends!
You had Harry Reid fail to bring over 300 bills pasted in the House to a vote in the Senate because you didn't like them NO VOT
That maybe True, But you are in the equation, unlike used toilet paper it has a place to go you don't B Noble retire quietly!
everyone deserves a fair hearing, that way they can either defend themselves and/or set the record straight
#56 rhonda loves America, & believed the Constitution, so do what's right concerning Garland for Supreme Ct. Judge.
great news
...he should get a fair hearing, if trump still wants him...
lead by example
Do ur JOB & follow the constitution! U r a lame duck, so shut up about ur nomination & stop pitching a tandem. Pr Tru will pick
when you do your  job upholding the Constitution, you can then ask others too.
how does senator Biden feel about that.
......no........
hang in there POTUS
is telling others to do their job? When is Obama going to start? He be like Carter and do more after leaving WH
@ChuckGrassley #DoYourJob
Obama CAN KNEE DOWN
TO
JAPAN
BEG FOR FINANCE SUPPORT
CAN FORGET
PEARL HARBOUR BOMBING
FORGET MILLIONS VICTIMS
BY JAPAN IN WWII
:It Is Time for Judge Garland be Confirmed on The Supreme Court Now. Thank You for being an Awesome President.
I keep telling @SpeakerRyan but I get the feeling he doesn't #giveahoot
We don't want anybody associated with you in office!!
#goodriddance
SCOTUS is different and the President should know that.
Don't think so, you have made so many terrible decisions and not only that, you don't listen to your own advisors. We can wait.
nope
@jimj02155 so what
sure, but he wasn't nominated by a lying piece of human waste the last time!
that is correct lane duck. "Last time" is just that his last time.
time for you to hold your peace
Time about is fair play sucker

Not happening #yourjobcantendsoonenough
Maybe they could do their job if they didn't take off for the entire month of August to beg for campaign contributions
I'd say with the latest poll numbers out on the Presidential race - fat chance.  And I'm supportive of your cause.
I agree but after Jan 21st, 2017.  Elections have consequences; remember?
republicans worry about bathrooms& not real issues.

no
you really don't understand the word NO do you. I would apologize but lack your skill in this regard.
You are done President Obama.  Be a good lame duck and try not to do anymore damage
I totally read that as "Judy Garland".  Holy confusion, Batman! Lol!
JUDGE GARLAND WILL BECOME OUR NEXT SUPREME COURT JUSTICE.
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
Seriously, intern.  Get off this. Its not like Trump will actually nominate one of the conservatives he's listed.
can't believe people are supporting your decision to nominate a rightwing politician. Really proving yourself as progressive
No way Hussein!  Wake up America!
no not tell we have a new president
no thank you
let the next president nominate someone
no
Tired of hearing Republicans say let the people decide, like McConnell, then opt for themselves, get even, vote blue in 2016
They're waiting on Trump
why make the same mistake twice??
the way you did yours with Myers..or the way Biden and Schumer advocated against this same thing?
I apologize for the stupidity of our GOP. Which I am not apart of. There disrespect for our country has my head whirling! GRR
good bye
.j thing  it is and of opérations . j need  thé évolution .
Just like Bork.
have we no (constitutional) accountability for our elected officials ? 
we need you dear President to repeatedly force the issue. The media will not. Too busy fawning over Drumpf
I am years over all good time white house this count .
bravo monsieur le président
Nope.
Wish President Obama could run for president again. Sad day for America when he leaves office.
@GOP @congressdotgov They do not do their job, fire them by voting them out. Simple.
- shut up already. You have added an additional 10T in debt, and get to walk away from it
nice try Hussein...next!
nope. Next year. Thanks for asking.
I don't believe so, they are playing for cement boots they are trying on! We People, "Your fired!" @realDonaldTrump is coming
Als je echt zo goe bent, op alle 
Vlakken in de wereld, mag je ook,verdienen.GW.
agree Mr. President! 
