Just ban them all together!
no just better background checks
nope, just get rid of them. if you want americans to stop killing each other, that is.
Sorry, but you're wrong there. Sandy Hook was done by an american. Christina Grimmie was shot by an american.
Yeah. #DisarmHate. @BarackObama
didn't she just get stabbed today?
Yes.
that's crazy, #banknives and #banbadthoughts
bro ya tengo salida ..salgo para aya de una
Meanwhile there's urban hunting...men women who have had bck checks served in military and have ptsd armed on streets and allowed out to kill urban hunting .....or peple who like archie bunker would say just throw u off a building or use a car to plow into run over 100s...
Gun control will NOT stop the violence in this country. U r not ignorant enough to believe that and neither are we.
@BarackObama
take the power away from the NRA! They are lobbying for gun rights and causing the violence to continue. Stop them first.
poa
@RealTupacShakur
how about Muslim immigrants.
:Please Ban hate from its roots then hate will never get a room in life .Even now wonder in Canada my heart still under haters
everyone has the right to own guns. Second amendment gives me that. If everyone had a gun we'd be safer
we will need those guns sooner or later.
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
" The Unique North Star- Undiscovered Genius- Urban Poetry "
" The hate is really within the same circle of so called friends that's envious & jealous over small disagreements between  two
Not true
Because prohibited persons buy all their guns at gun shows?
@Bradybuzz @HillaryClinton Because so many prohibited persons buy at gun shows?
@Bradybuzz that's a load of 
@Bradybuzz That is one number. Many polls have vastly different results.
b
voy a hablar con dios ..gracias bro
de chiqui mire bro si. Santi se enferma m mala
esa ofensa a nuestro padre santi
de James dios no esta.bien
mirela creación suya esa dice que es el ?si JAA no s de el es suya
el le roba rodó a ustd
si hermano es dios pero vea usted tambien es
eso de enfermos ellos están ya en esto demanda uni
ya tenemos todo creado ..la plata suya ya esta lista bueno
ya tengo la idea saque esto .mil millones ..ok
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
ya por favor ayudemee
le pegan bro
de marsella ss  operado y torturado
ayudeme
I think 89% is BS.
mire el es De esas si compramos jaja
mire no se ve si no esas de ellos mm pobrecito
jjjaaa si en la empresa de creación buenas frutas
creo ..mira padre su diseño ya lo vencio
eso el.no es eres tu dios Jesús ..mire ?arriba padre vamos animo
miro ?si de esta.forma salia usted ..ahora?
la vedad santiago del papa .mire su diseño .si papa ok
eso de mujeres ..de arriba santi  ya venció eso.ok ya firmo
lo de esos celos mire ..pago y no quitan ..mire ok
bien voy bien gracias
mire deje así ya. Casi ..ok
ya abemus padre por venganzas
vea de los santos. Ok
Why don't you just enforce the laws already on the books?
Your divider not a unifier. How's your pals Bill Ayers and Rev. Wright these days?
#NoStandingArmy
lies !!!
congress needs to be dismantled! !!!
Taking our 2nd Amendment away does not stop hate! You need 2 do your job & work 2 Unite people. We r all 1 & u r dividing us.
the real hate lies within your police officers, when you decide to train them properly let us know
while we're banning stuff, let's ban knives. So many people get stabbed every day.Or cars for that matter so many crashes daily
because the criminals using guns get them through loopholes right? News flash: criminals get guns illegally in the streets.
Yes, Congress needs to give as much attention to gun violence as it does to emails #house Republicans
80% of Americans are wanting you out of 2amendment tampering completely. Guns dont kill anyone!
yes yes yes!!!
you lying as bad as Hillary
how's about you reevaluate all the mofo's that currently have arms. NZ keeps a closer eye on all owners
Congress apparently is into Donald Trump UGH!!!!!
yes on something other then Mrs. Clinton.
@GOP @TheDemocrats Please ask your @NRA bosses if America can have universal background checks. #Enough
#international_investigation_karada
I'm Malaysian and My country has banned on gun sales included Airsoft but news about gun fire in my coun. is still on there
But maybe u should consider some point: Avoiding illegal gun sales in US and most of the families have at least a gun
it's a absolutely great idea from banning gun sale in USA
very true !!! Let's create a movement,  lets make a strict law that no one dares to misuse it. @POTUS
@BarackObama
does anyone really believe this shit????
I'm going to @disarmHate 4 all the kids in the USA, yours and mine. I know u have done so much and I have your back, Mr Pres.
@Alasscan_
Don't believe that stat for one second. We're not all asleep and we're quite aware of the fact that you want to ban guns.
The bad guys don't get their guns where back round checks would even be an issue. Just another way to infring on 2nd amend righ
I believe the problem is not all law abiding citizens.
yes
YEAH US! ,  http://diycolours.com 
want see somethomg more sir
i agree  also  lets just say this   if you are not born from parents of this country your not going to own a gun
başarılı baskan obama
You are so right,Mr.President.
: It may take a little longer to get your new gun but if that stops just one mass killing, then it's WORTH it. LIFE is worth it.
.@BarackObama Isn't it sad the 13 year old girl in Israel. Why not condemn this attack. The Palestinian leaders call to "slit their throats"
@DMurphyOfficial This is what I've been saying all along, ever since the gun crimes got out of control.
even as a gun owner I support this.  I got an assault weapon and ammo in less time it takes to order a pizza.  No joke.
Mr. Obama - Only in your dreams do a majority of Americans agree with you. But you have never operated in reality.
Lets round that up @BarackObama
http://www.nationalreview.com/article/436915/twin-falls-idaho-mideast-refugees-sexually-assault-five-year-old …
http://www.snopes.com/three-syrian-refugees-assault-5-year-old-girl-at-knifepoint/ …
@BarackObama
Shows you how powerful the gun lobby is.
@coachtf Only the liberals that can't see the real issues. One being the Obama presidency has failed in defending America. #USA
Sr Obama mis saludos.
WE GOTT GAME  here at http://easycolorexpress.com 
Yes CONGRESS  does need to act! By starting empeachment proceedings to remove you from the presidency
/need to go further/
89% of Americans know that background checks already exist. Please post facts. Sorry...I forgot who I was talking too!
stop blaming congress. They shouldn't act as long as you're pushing your terrorist agenda. #nohillary2016 #obamaisaterrorist
they need to Now!!
we need more guns
What background check will succeed where 3 investigations by the FBI failed? Agree something must change, but "thoughtcrime?"
is a corrupt Muslim! Wants to disarm Americans for fear of retribution. This is y corrupt Obama and Clinton R so adamant!!
: just like the guns you and Eric Holder gave to the  terriost  in France by way of fast and furious .
it's time to stop the hate
When are you coming out of the closet, Mr. Obama as a secret Muslim who has done nothing but harm America for 7.5 years?
1063% of the #statistics that  #Obama quotes are made up. Congress need to #ignoreObama and #DisarmLiberals by ignoring them
read why Japan didn't invade the continental US. Japan Imperior said a gun behind every blade of grass in US
do your research before you comment about guns. I did and changed my views
much better to identify the real enemies and quit worrying about guns unless we outlaw pressure cookers too
@FoxNews @CNNPolitics Barry, you are so out of touch with America, you would've even know what 89 American people wanted!!!!!!!
pulled that number right out of your ass, didn't ya.
We need open carry immediately, criminals and terrorists have GUNS, http://nation.foxnews.com/2016/06/30/concealed-carrier-takes-down-shooter-south-carolina-nightclub?section=10367 …
which side?
Congress knows the hearts and minds of Americans who care and want a change to break the cycle of death from assault weapons
How would you know you stay on the golf course most of your time?
97% of all statistics are made up at the moment. You are clueless regarding what America wants.
HOW MANY BILLIONS is your lOOT netflix fraud loot ponzi scheme BY goldman sachs?jay hoag gang??OBAMA THE RELA OSAMA
Your Fraud MAry JO White, Eric HOlder,Loretta LYnch scam gang at SEC/DOJ doing your financial terror work to BUST USA/99%
overwhelming support to impeach you MF and hang Saddam Hussein Style. OBAMA BIGGEST FRAUD FINANCIAL TERRORIST PRESIDENT
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
