Trump for president
This 1 has got Jokes 4 days...
I aint joking
@leo_toivola @BarackObama
Trump FTW
FTW must mean F ¥♤k Da World if Trump President. #AmericaWeRSoooFu€ked
I am finnish and I want Trump to be president. I would vote him if I lived there. @realDonaldTrump
What ya don't even live here!! Boy Byeeeeeeee
I'm thankful that medicare was available to me when I needed to recover from a life threatening Cerebral Hemorrhage!
That could have been done without ruining healthcare for the rest of the country. Obama, non affordable health.
Oh do explain how it "Ruined" Coverage? IT has always been run by for profit HMO's/Insurance worst system ever!
it's all Obama's plan, it has raised plan pricing and reduced benefits for those who had good care.
Your understanding of how a health care system works is as elementary as your one dimensional thinking.
real life experience, which you obviously do not have, real people that have no care now because too expensive
And real is what? We all have real life (Unless your name is Trump) #OnlyCivilizedCountryWithPayPerUseHealhCare
worst president EVER. Bye felicia
nice plane.
I'M HORNY FOR YOU BARACK OBAMA?
hiii
But I'm also thankful for marriage quality, a step in the right direction w/ ACA, the Iran deal and warming w/ Cuba.
I WANT MARRY BARACK OBAMA?
I'm just happy that you are my President. You've accomplished much and made life easier for working families. Thanks.
worst President ever.  Jimmy Carter is laughing all the way to the bank.  US now bad credit, worst healthcare, marriage reduced
I'm thankful for drone strikes against the Middle East, your friendship with Saudi Arabia, and PRISM.
I think you've done a phenomenal job, especially with all the turkeys that you've had to put up with...shame on them!
Colosians 3:1
SURE------OBAMA, YOU HAVE RUINED AMERICA----OBAMA HATES AMERICA!!!!!!!!! MOVE TO IRAN WHERE YOU BELONG
I'm thankful for Barack Obama being kicked out of the white house he never deserved to step foot into
KISS KEEP IT SIMPLE S.  BTHRM LAW?!  Whatever you currently have on your body dictates which bthrm to use.  NOT in mind.
I am thankful he has less than 240 days to go.  Not thankful he wants to free more terrorist in GITMO
HOW ABOUT FREEDOM.  REMEMBER THAT?
#the ISIS and SISI  in north Africa are made by USA I
Going on 2nd yr of 'mandatory or fined' Obama care without using it, ever.
California begs me to "use it, go see a physician!"
@BarackObama
Going on 2nd yr of 'mandatory or fined' Obama care without using it, ever.
California begs me to "use it, go see a physician!"
@BarackObama
Dear Mr. President, I appreciate everything you have done for our country.
@BarackObama
i love you. Wellcome vietnam
MCDONALDS & CHEAP GAS; AND OUT OF IRAQ & AFGHANISTAN!
November is only 6 months away..  Go TRUMP 
#thanks for sharing about health care, have a great Saturday :)
yor leadership
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
I'm thankful for you!
What is there to be thankful for when you're the worst POTUS?
thank you for marriage equality.
Economic progresse
That he will be out of a job soon too!
i am waiting in here... at vietnam
Affordable Health care is no longer affordable.
I'm thankful for Bernie Sanders! I'm thankful for Tim Canova! We need more people like them to fight the corruption in the DNC
economic progress
ur wrong!1 man & 1 woman is how The God of Abraham designed ALL life.Ur sick twisted & evil ways r not going 3 work.#dumbmuslim
Hi Mr. President am facing difficults to apply.Please ask for a support from youre team.
Thank you
Mr le président Obama et t il possible d'avoir une photo de vous 
Merci mr le président  bonjour de France
Thank you Mr president.
Please veto the horrible bill against LGBT.
I'm democratic blood. And I'm embarrassed! We are known now as the party that pissed God off! Who are you really, @BarackObama
we are very great man . , . . . .
I'm thankful for my health insurance. Thank you sir!!
I'm incredibly thankful your tenure is almost over.
happy 4 everything President Obama has done
continued health that I am able to see my first born graduate and go on to University. #singlemomrocks
I,m very thankfull to the President Barack Obama because he is mediator and protector to the  whole Nation
I'm thankful for President Obama. The haters couldn't bring him down. That's a BEAUTIFUL THING! Mike dropped....
Much love to all shade slingers...must feel good about yourselves. Pres Obama will go down as 1 of the best.
a good President my idol
A law to stop this kind of thing from happening again.  http://act.colorofchange.org/go/6323?t=8&akid=5816.1947248.MkX5gY …
Thank you Mr. President for your efforts I know it has not been easy dealing with those who choose to sit on their hands.
I am ella strother and how are you and your family
Affordable health care
Mmkay. @BarackObama's aides seriously need to lose the pictures of him cracking up. Americans aren't laughing.
Marriage equality? Affordable health care? Or economic progress? Tell him in person: http://ofa.bo/fABW  
you mean homosexual marriage,healthcare is unaffordable,and our economy is slow as pond water you are pitiful as president .
What am I grateful for?..I'm so grateful to have a president like president Obama in 2016, and all that he was able to do.
#hope #job
lol. Yeah, ok.  Thanks for screwing us for 8 years. Making us the most hated and unsafe country. Counting down till your gone!
how about religious persecution, low job participation rates, worse economy and some of the lowest favorability ratings?
the best president keep on going why we have to change crazy world .. bigga hearth man  good fr the human aouhhh ce world @BarackObama
thankful for #ObamaPhone
@BarackObama
life and peace from the living God
"affordable health care"?  Seriously?
i'm thankful your term is near over... oh, and a @GOP HoR...
I'm thankful for Donald Trump
I am thankful for a strong president and how you care enough to push for affordable health care.
surely we strive for all these things.
I'm thankful that I worked in a school and loved every minute for 17 yrs and I'm still healthy and retired this yr X
#thankful 4 a thoughtful intelligent powerful Leader
Re: Washroom issue. Your wife must be so pleased now.
he's gone
GET THE KOTCH BROTHERS 
FOR FRAUD ! ,HEALTHCARE IS YOUR BEST ACHIEVEMENT !
I wish we could get more money for SSA$$$$$
I can't donate to your OFA movement because I'm not 18 please fix this asap :-/
hello im very thank full of a wonderfull year and happy memories
Thanks for destroying my health care. Oh and thanks for the fine because I can't afford insurance. Your the best.
I'm thankful for the grace and mercies God showers on me. Great is thy faithfulness ooh Lord
I'm thankful for the grace and mercies God showers on me, day in and day out. Great is thy faithfulness ooh Lord
affordable healthcare. "I am a Lupus Survivor"
yuck bad for USA.
thanks for bringing us out of economic Darkness

Isis is kicking your ass and you're worried about who's giving who a blowjob
economic progress
I'm thankful your almost out of office
unless you resign or are impeached I am thankful for nothing
Por Favor Presidente Obama De La Orden De Intervencion Militar En Venezuela Lo Mas Rapido Posible
economy, jobs created and affordable health care accomplished despite having a disfunction congress
THANKS TO GOD, HE WILL BE FINISHED DESTROYING AMERICA IN A FEW MORE MONTHS. CAN'T WAIT FOR 2017 TO BE HERE.
تطبيق حساباتي الشخصية لتسجيل الديون والاقساط https://goo.gl/Lasnfj  |*%
what a bunch of disrespectful assholes on here! Pay them no mind Mr. president! 
22 Islamic Terrorist Camps Located In US
@ABC 
Joy Of Person Who Cares About
The Nation Of Its INHABITANTS!
We Love President OBAMA And FAMILY
Russian media expose Obama birth 'forgery' BARACK OBAMA GUN LAWS ARE A DISGRACE
I'm thankful for having a you as a president with a human heart and values. You're the symbol of intelligence and integrity.
@BarackObama
I am thankful to know the truth about extraterrestrials and why they've been coming here
If I had the opportunity I would tell him something in person but he would sic the SS on me. Wonder what I'd say !?
please help the inmigrant people we come here for a future and help the economic the U.S.A thanks mr president barack !!
8
Potus Said a Religion of Peace?!.. Islamic State Training 8 Year Old Indonesian Kids With AK-47 [Video]
I am thankful to him for not starting any new wars and settling Iran issue peacefully.
Economic progress.
how about less corporate dems? You could have been a progressive giant. You should have been a progressive giant.
