I'm a single healthy person just above the tax credit- my premium is already more than my mortgage & it's going up $200 in 2017
Say your illegal so you can get free health coverage. A home some free food n cash assistance.
you can't trust me nothing is free for illegals
Yes it is. I know plenty, I live in a border town & they brag about what they get.
I find it highly unlikely, but it sounds like you dislike Mexicans? @BarackObama
Wish my own people didnt give us all a bad image if everyone was wrkin hard like claimed 2 b.
I think they only have a bad image in the minds of ppl who are negative & uninformed. @kalvin4775 @BarackObama
Its just the importance of knowing who is in America. Being safe isnt racist. Thats what makes US 

and you're voting for a child rapist. Keep digging
Help keep healthcare.
In my country.. It doesn't 
come out of my wages.
Its free. Maybe look
into that.
Viceroy you know why he lost? because WE know it comes out of OUR wages when he gives away free stuff to losers~!

Use to have it is what they will say.
why
We miss yu sir
@BarackObama
I sure am grateful I had no insurance at all. Now I'm able to go to the doctor and get my meds. I am very thankful
Well here is one that you are made uninsured because of a sky rocketed premiums/deductible. You've screwed the middle class!
that was the whole idea
How is Obama care working now? It is failing!!
Dios me ayudó a elejir una  perona q rehalmente cuida lo nos pertenese  cada día   Es mi familia  Q  un día  recuperamos

Boycott health insurance companies!! They are not your friends. Pay cash!!
ACA life with SS COLA 0 or 1.5% California experiencing 2015 2016 2017 15-% COLA 2017 utilities water, sewer, electricity, natural gas increased 15% State implementing huge abundance daily new taxation to GASOLINE  TOLLS, rental housing charges increased how responsible is this?
Obama care crashing is killing people and it seems to me that is the point because if Dems wanted it to work would make law for states pay
You mean ACA, dont make me laugh, thousands, including BCBS have lost jobs because of it & working ppl can't afford it.
Only people benefiting are the ones it directed to Medicaid & they some good ads, not a law, could have directed them there.
hire me :
Good
<-> Tell @HillaryClinton to stand down against the FBI and intelligence com. coup against her machine!
Yes i do have insurance  but i don't like it i want to be under Obama Care, how does it work?
Obama care didn’t work, it was useless just like obama!!
Goomong Maynem Is Mayamba Sylvain
OC forces VERY poor "homeowners" onto Medi-Cal, but allows poor homeowners to pay $1 per month for coverage. Medi-Cal forces your children to use their inheritance from your house sale to pay ALL your medical bills! So Medi-Cal is a LOAN! Not FAIR! I can afford $1!
Are you aware, honest facts here in California ACA generated higher not lower co-payments for Elderly, Seniors and disabled and hospital stays co-payments from 0 to $240 per day?  With all these increased c0-pays and that support is SS Funds with 0 or unreal COLA 1.5% Y?


are you kidding ? I have to pay $400/mo for premium and a $6500 deduction before getting 80% of the expenses covered!
Boycott health insurance companies!! They are not your friends.
A Message To #Trump Supporters Who Attacked Me and My Letter To #Hillary Clinton | People's Court
thank you
I guess HRC supporters haven't told ppl to die, to f**k themselves, to drink bleach, etc. get over it.

You forgot to mention hundreds of millions he made out of your pockets.
yes I agree @realDonaldTrump made millions from scamming the little people.
I was referring to Clinton out of your pocket.
they haven't taken my money.no answer on what trump has done for America. Didn't think so
Hop issue France système. You need a copy?
it really is sad to see you still trying to hold this mess up as a success. If only you had let our side work with you on it.
A 6000 deductible is horrible .. it's like not having insurance so we canceled now our country charges us! #worsethingobamadid
I know fam of 3. over thousand a mos with huge deductible like that. Robbery. good for ins co
it is really just a tax increase. Supreme Court said so.
No it's a penalty!
Thank You President Obama We Love You, Micheele Your Beautiful Children. I pray that We can Survive theese Unbelievable and Uncertain Times.
OMG that's funny.
And you can keep your doctor, honest! #LiberalLies
nice
Thank you! 
I am oneofthem thankyou from the bottom of my heart.
Sure
nice
No Iam a African we support your admination freedom
A lie! Insurance is NOT care, it's words on a piece of paper that gets to be subjective to rat lawyer decisions instead of a doctor.Stop it!
You r one of the best president I have ever seen
LOL!!!! It it cost $700 a month with a $7000 to $15000 deductable...are you on it Obama?
How can tens of millions benefit when Obamacare is collapsing? It is a failure based on liberal agenda!
116% in Arizona is Obama's definition of a reasonable increase
Thank you !
Thank you, Mr. President!!
Are illegals covered by Obama care? I heard they were. How does a noncitizen qualify for healthcare ?
Actually they haven't
Hullo president Obama.I having longing to talk to u since
Dear Barack Obama , question - what does unreasonable mean in your world of entitlement ?
,your health care program works.
You forgot the number of non Americans
SO ALL OF US CAN SPEND $20K ANN. BEFORE INSURANCE PAYS AND THAT'S OKAY.  NOT ALL OF US HAVE $20K FOR THAT SHIT!
The Obama shaft single person no kids $500 a month. Not bad only 1/2 of what I make.
Thay was before mister we miss you
Stop lying. We got your number.
I need your help
No one's going to have it now thanks to you. Trillions of dollars have been lost. Trump will go to the end of the Earth to fix your mess
bye bye 
Insurance here in the UK exists now, but will be wide spread very soon. Illegal instruments must be prevented from their use in surgery! 
My daughter's premium $350, critical meds lost coverage, no deductions big fail She is CPS first responder.  Uncool.
Get the New Galaxy S8 Plus by doing this small survey  https://www.cpagrip.com/show.php?l=0&u=106353&id=12055&tracking_id= …
and far more have become all but destitute due to ungodly premiums.Did you even READ the thing before passing it??
thk for care people I was happy to usa or Germany or somewhere have take care people good I want in the world have standards
@Capri29gt This is the biggest lie. Pure Bullshit.
after 15 years of no health insurance, I finally got my Obama Cares.

keep lying it doesn't make it true
dude you are moving into a superhero. Will you submit some input to help fix obamacare??????
.....Mr President Come back
my daughter did not benifit from obamacare.it sucks
you stole money from others to keep it running and claimed it was good. You are a thief and a lair.
Great job getting insurance for millions. You have also saved thousands of lives in Kentucky. THANKS
you're joking right
@ real Donald Trump Medicaid plus sucks can't go to a specialist cause the Drs have quit these plans
what about the other hundreds of millions$$$$$$$$$$$?
HAH! That garbage "legislation" is headed for the crap heap of history.
when ur healthcare is more then a benz lease run u took enough from the country Obama @ANOMALY1 @realDonaldTrump @islandxxgirl
you suck!!!!!!!!!
Please don't let the GOP take my ACA away Sir, I will die without it. For the 1st time since I became sick I can get help.
Health insurance does not equal healthcare, which is a human right. #CaringCitizen
BULLSHIT! #LIAR
ya and 10's of millions of illegals did too... Thanks for ruining this country at my tax paying dime!
oshit care is going away soon enough and you'll soon be forgotten
Where will the US find the funds ? Just political talk ! Insurers have all pulled out ! Obama's legacy ?
should of got healthcare for all defend against foreign and domestic for the citizens  too include diseases prevention is key
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
wait and you see ...
 liar.  Will NEVER get obama care.  Will pay fine!!!
We hav limited ability to fight tyranny in ths countr Iam fighting w Indivisible but it's rough, We hav a Russian President
And tens of thousands were fined too. Food or insurance, not a hatd choice for the poor
sadly affordable health care was not affordable for all
The "ACA" is meant to fail so we get government ran single payer!
Families are drowning in medical bills and facing poverty thanks to you!!! Absolutely filthy you are!!!
I need it
