well done grate successful man of his time
still
Proud that American democracy won today and that #Obamacare survives protecting those most in need @BarackObama: ”
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
@ChrisMurphyCT lol for how long
hi good day
THANKS OBAMA....seriously.
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
president burundi
It's not enough.
Please Not spend time.sos
and many more are almost living on the street because you robbed them blind!
Job well done Mr President
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 ,, 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快樂,再見
Please your selfie.sos
Coz I'm Prince.
I wanna meet my Iinazuke .
Iinazuke means like a Princess&Prince from name origin of Japan
When I just winner From the time of birth.
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
nice words
forget your legacy
trump going to scrap this.  Unlucky!
That doesn't help if it's unsustainable and people can't afford their deductibles.
One really has to wonder why the GOP would have wanted to block and delay such a positive move forward for America?
Yes..I truly wish it's more affordable n shud incld pills...high co-pay putting off from translating 2 actual care of hlth
and that is another lie told by a democrat.....
congrats to the best president ever! Mr Obama
Why don't you and Clinton help Sioux? Stop the NDPL. Everyone is starting to see whats happening.
. #Obamacare has been a failure. Why do u keep pushing it, instead of looking for a solution. #trump #TrumpPence16
good

where are you? Mars? Not true. My brother and sister in laws can't afford it. They can't afford the fines either bc no jobs
because you made is illegal, and the numbers aren't even correct.
the aca is a failure no matter how you spin it.

thats great folk
More lies.................
Company's don't pay for it. Taxes don't pay for it. The working person does and they just got a demotion.
mine is too expensive & can't afford it.
really???  How far we have come?  You divided this nation and made us a laughing stock to the world.
how's that ObomaCare working out for you? 22% increase this year alone. Thanks for nothing. It is Crazy, to quote Bubba
If only these pathetic politicans would take up the insurance and premiums we the PEOPLE are stuck with
Liar.
Yestake nothing for granted VOTE like you did in 2008 2012Vote!
Obamacare will die under it's own weight within 1 year as it has made healthcare affordable for the majority of US citizens.
right though
No celebration here Repeal and Replace Make America Great Again @BarackObama
I lost my insurance thanks to Obamacare.
I'm sorry to hear that. I was finally able to get coverage after being excluded 4 a preexisting condition.
I was covered by a school I attended. They dropped the insurance completely due to the expensive premiums
Still waiting on that single-payer doe
Guys we'll sort out this health care thing in time when things level, got 2 weed out some nasty blamey accusational non issues!
@ChrisMurphyCT small business rates are going through  the roof.Great job! Thank you so much.Im so happy to help. Sarcasm fyi.
@ChrisMurphyCT Lies
you have come a long way in turning this once great country into a shit hole!
# with unaffordable medications and expensive co-payments for Specialists
https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=SbYaUzHr1JA …
We need more than this. Let's stop the wars in the world. You got Nobel but peace has not found us. Peace -Ataturk
you have decide to follow end vote a liar,war criminal to make what she wants with hall world
@WhiteHouse @HillaryClinton  @Hillary_esp @billclinton @realDonaldTrump IT'S THE CRAZIEST THING
NOT FOR LONG PRICES GOING UP UP UP CO PULLING OUT!  NOT AFFORDABLE!  NOT AVAILABLE!  RIDICULOUS PATHETIC NOT WORTH TIME 2 TRY!
the United States will be destroyed, because I do want to divide Turkey..
i glad to say it's totally ur efficient govern eclat we love u sir
@WhiteHouse #Obamacare like starter home? When we buy homes we know what mortgage IS! Doesn't keep going up like #ObamaScare!
Best thinking.
Let's do................
Obama ou Clinton , Je suis le seul homme sur la planete a pouvoir faire tomber le secret bancaire en Suisse et sur la planete
how can u stand and tell people the lies one on top of the other
.@BarackObama Even With #Obamacare, 29 Million People Are Uninsured. Illegal Immigrants Get Public Health Care, Despite Federal Policy
the people who pay for health insurance can't afford to use it #nextbigrecesson #waytogo
thank you for the fordable care act. now it will be easier to transition to cheaper Single-payer plan.
LIES
BAHAHAHA 
#33billiontoiran??
and how many of those people got goat roped after u told them they could keep their current Dr.'s and health coverage!?
you forgot ....that they can't afford
呵呵哒
#FALSE
in Tanzania we are agaist that may be one in 20
@marcorubio A nosotros nos gobiernan las personas q le llenan de Cocaina su Pais y no hacen nada. O ustds son la misma plaga?
Insurance is not the same as having access to health care. My partner has been looking for a Dr to take your plan for a year+.
@marcorubio Nos van a dejar solos? No tienen ni idea lo q es vivir el dia a dia aqui en VENEZUELA. ESTAMOS EN DICTADURA.
OBAMACARE IS WORTHLESS .!!!!! FOR US MIDDLE CLASS IS WORTHLESS ..!!!!! YOU LIKE IT YOU KEEP IT .!!
Great job Mr President
and 7 of those 9 cannot afford it.
good job just, hope Hillary take over from there
:(

Life is taken away

and I am paying for their free-bees!

what about illegal aliens?
you know its will end
forced health insurance or a fine thanks you pos
that's cute
and for an even more first time more 60+ year olds are in the workforce, right?
i wouldn't celebrate if i was you,actually where you think you gonna go with those white nose Gold diggers from European blood?
Been behind you on everything except TPP. Understand strategy but fear the results.
Good job young man!  Thanks for all those years and the new Gray hairs! Come Visit my site You'll like it
the insur comps have made it almost impos 2 get low$ insur. Again, no regulation. This needs to change. Thanks for trying!
it's said that u are forced out of Oval Office. Come on and run Germany instead!!!
Pleasure.
√
@barackobama
@kunikhanna
- subsidized by the middle class for the poor.  you promised single payer, you failed to deliver.
yeah.. down the toilet
Advanced Deepawali wishes to
my dear friend.
obamacare is the biggest trainwreck of your abysmal & destructive 2 terms. Own it.
thank you
Diwali is coming sir...wish you a very happy Diwali..
at the price of our economy, our jobs, and our stagnant family wages
yes we must trash obamacare and get back to real medical care reform not forced participation but free market competition.
we have came along way along way
I wish you were able to do another term! I feel you are a great president and your family is beautiful.
What a joke!  I can't afford it being unemployed but you want to fine me for it!!  Wish I wasn't American.  Then I could do it!
Joke.
our 3rd cancellation letter just arrived in September. Your shitty law is a FRAUD. You are a fraud !
and health insurance is more expensive than ever and the coverage is the worst it's ever been. Great job #potus
u just can't stop lying shameful
thanks for taking away our freedom and raising taxes. Congratulations! I'm so happy to be a slave to socialism.
That they can't even afford
I work in an urban hospital and there are still as many uninsured as ever. There was no medicaid expansion here.
It is pleasant in every service to humanity; reveling together.
I want to thank you for all you have done or attempted to do. You made us proud.
U have been the biggest farce US has seen in a long time! Go join ur corrupt friend HC! 2 peas in a pod!
Let's celebrate a corrupt Pres leaving! Adios!

in the name of Jesus may He bless your work, and your work to come.
@scottkillough MORE than 9 in 10? So 10? Or only 9 1/2?
I agree, stating "more than 9 of 10" is a stupid stat. Should have provided the actual calculated average.
exactly. Like 91% or whatever it is.
i wish we had a president like you 
@FoxNews : how far In debt we've come you mean.
Bob Creamer!!
& You make fun of Trump for saying its all rigged!!! ugh!
Great speech in Miami..Very powerfull
thank you Mr. President
still working on Florida...Hopefully. won't too many die or go into debt before it's here. Thanks for everything brother man.
that cost five times as much my employer health care policy
and for the first time the people who have jobs can't afford it

a thoroughly bad wrong headed destructive partisan elinsky socialist throw the bum out America
@PADems And 4 the first time can't afford my insurance.
shameful lying partisan hidden socialist destroying America and its middle class truly clueless mean spirited excuse president
we are forced to have health insurance, even when we can't afford it and we don't qualify for public aid cause we make too much
my mother works 5 days a week and is 58 years old and doesn't have health care..  Bc of Obama care.  Your awesome but this isnt
My health care premium is more than my mortgage. In the last 2 years it has increased $300 per mo and pays for almost nothing.
@HillaryClinton hey guess what my insurance premiums are going up again . Thanks for that! #AffordableCareAct is not affordable
My family has health insurance only because of Obamacare--CHEAPER than my employer's plan was!  Thanks, POTUS, Obama!
https://twitter.com/jamesokeefeiii/status/789214693802074114 … #DebateHeadache #DrainTheSwamp #CrookedMedia #veritas #BirdDogging #why #evil
When will @HillaryClinton admit she knew about the #DNC #BirdDogging that took place at @realDonaldTrump rallies? @SimpsonMiska @Mr_Pinko 
Thank you Mr. President
because the ACA essentially makes it illegal not to have insurance. It's like saying 9 out of 10 car owners have licenses...
not me, yet I'm penalized for not having insurance I cannot afford.
. At what cost. Cost me $5300 because my husband went back to work.
if UR GOP politician & UR so afraid 2 get ahead of UR base U can't oppose Trump don't EVER accuse anyone of leading from behind
