@BarackObama
this madness needs to be stopped at emergency basis
hi
it is your fault, you are not doing noting to stop that. You are the WORST
.#500_يوم_السعودية_تقتل_الشعب_اليمني
#500_dys_KSA_killing_yemen.ياسيد أوباما حان وقت محاكماة ال سعود
controlling guns alone can't solve the problem. People need to learn how to talk and respond to cops they're doing awesome job.
How many lives are cut short by #GMOs #Pesticides #Monsanto #Toxins #Cigarettes #Drugs #Alcohol #Automobiles...? #GunsDontKill
When you get back to Chicago, you can tighten your gun laws there first...
way to go pres... Obama
that number is a huge lie
Have you ever told the truth?
I recently noticed that guns were being sold on 'letgo'. I don't think  that should be allowed.
Hi! It is not allowed, it's against our Terms & Conditions. Please send any listings our way, and we'll remove them.
I didn't get the names of the people selling.  I live alone.  Hopefully your organization will check.
Hi Sandra, Thank you for letting us know. We will look into it. 
We are sure gonna miss you!
How many lives are protected and prolonged as a result of guns used properly? #GunsDontKillPeople #PeopleKillPeople #MoreGuns
erVERONE I KNOW IS BLOCKING YOUR TWEETS
#DisarmHate
With all due respect, you havemade hATRED in America spread like wildfire! Thanks, but no thanks!
Every year, more than 30,000 American lives are cut short by car accidents. Do you want to take driving away too?
you uneducated little fuck, He brought down unemployment , brought gas prices down and kept peace with multiple countries.
Less than the number that die in car wrecks. Why don't you deal with real issues of gangs and border!!
There you go again people, instead of debating about the issue nicely like normal fucking people...
and didn't you put 2,000 guns into the hands of criminals South of the Border which also ended up killing a border patrol agent
but they save your life every day bit of a double standard
love you bro but you have no business talking about guns
And out of the 30,000 deaths, 2/3 committed suicide. The remaining 1/3 were homicides by those with mostly illegal guns.
Even the simplest of searches, verify my facts.
guns are not the problem...its the millions of illegal immigrants you let in
Money is power.More money,more power.The most money earned is by GUNS& guns kill.So,the more u kill,the more money->power u get
there were still "mass shootings" during the Clinton era federal assault weapons ban
acts of congress are valid in washing dc and its enclaves thank God
congratulations !!
hmmm, didn't you had 8 years for this? 
they won't act until they lose someone by gun violence. #noheart#peoplewithgunskill#congressact
funny how mass shootings escalated on your watch. Keep up the lies and propaganda #2ndAmendment
more are killed in auto accidents. Are you going to ban cars also???
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @NRA -BS- appx.8,000 homcides with guns-criminals kill people-guns have no capability of harming anyone
Gun control has statistically proved to do absolutely nothing to reduce violence in this country so far.
Just wondering what the number is if you take out black on black that you ignore.
yes act on finding the nut cases
"Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither." Benjamin Franklin
lick my taint
where is Black Lives Matter standing up to gang killing in Chicago?
its the gun's? Interesting...
less than 13,000 gun deaths in 2015. Automobile crashes killed more than 35,000.
that's a lie. There are nowhere near that number. Lies lies lies
how many are people defending themselves
and how will congress do that? Ban guns, get rid of our 2nd amendment rights? 100 ppl in DC can't control the actions of 330M
why can't theMilitary be used to protect Americans on our soil. Too many lives is lost everyday in this country.
How many are lost by Negropontes #SalvadorOptionInIraqandSyria #DeathSquads To seize Syrias Oil and destroy Palestinian Support
I wonder how many commit suicide by gun.
A failed attempt at suicide by gun...must be terrible.  Brain damage/life support. Awful.
#gunsense #DisarmHate
does Wenger work for congress by any chance???
I'd like to know how many are black on black crime. Just throwing out numbers doesn't pinpoint the root of the problem.
you #disarmhate of #americans #christians  #republicans #teaparty #conservatives
every year cancer kills 500,000 people including my son and Joe Bidens. The world needs to act. #effcancer
d
and the number killed by abortions is nearly 30x's higher. Very sad. Praying for you as you lead in dark times. #comeLordJesus
cancer kills more. What did you do to fix that
We need to stop the violence, which is a social issue, not a gun issue. Twice as many people are killed in cars. Ban cars?
#disarmhaters
nope. Wrong way to go about it. Teach respect for life. It's not happening now. I am a responsible gun owner as are my girls.
please sir make sure gun licence process will be more tougher i may help
SS guns will protect you and your family every day for the rest of your life.  Let those who can't be President protect theirs.
strictest gun laws of Germany and France are working so well. Let's ban knives and trucks ad well.
One sick MF
raw naïveté! Ideologies that are defined by hate and arrogance will always find a way to kill.
We have to learn how to identify hate first. The majority of the owners in America don't hate anybody.
You  need  to be more  concerned  with  black  lives in the inner-city.
Perfect timing
congress need to act now ,today not Sunday
@BarackObama
act on this? Forgot they are black and immune
try with this Police reveal identities of Ft Myers mass shooting suspects; media SILENT http://www.allenbwest.com/michele/police-reveal-identities-ft-myers-mass-shooting-suspects-media-silent … via @AllenWest
Jackass
yeah right. How dose not being able to defend yourself make you safer idiot. Would you feel safer if your bodyguards had guns
Determined and act quickly!
Hitler went for the guns first too. #deleteyourself
Every year, you tack on 2 trillion in debt so that the unemployed can get free cable and cell phones with our taxes... Thx
When MORE PEACE is done
LIVE SAFE
NOT ONLY AMERICAN
BUT
ALL world N

NEVER CREATE DOUBLE STANDARD
PROVACATING PEACE & TENTION
it's the people handling the guns dope
while we're at it, let's make murder and violent crime illegal. That'll make the criminals listen!
what an laws going to do, when you got cops killing people.
good man and a hero president.
the people that has bad intentions still can do wrong, even under hard restrictions
It's a no brainer.  What's up Congress?
Is it reasonable to request civilians give up their arms while the state retains weaponry justified by a need for security?
Disarm self-hate? BarackObama knows that over 21K of these were suicides. #FixProblemsNotSymptoms
60 million US babies have benn killed by their mothers!!!!
more people are killed in cars what should we do outlaw cars
AND TRUCKS AND AIR CONDITIONERS!!!
guns are not the problem. People and our broken judicial system are the problem.
you give them guns and want ours taken away. that's retarded. guns don't kill people. it's the ass hole holding it.
them numbers are that high cause of you and Hillary letting illegals in that want to kill us for not being muslum.
29000 are in Illinois where u took the guns away leaving everyone defenseless.
I thought you said America is more peaceful now
,get rid of all the gang bangers and there will be alot less dead . Lets deal with real issues not your agenda of taking guns
Guns don't kill, it's the idiots with guns who kill
you're right. Remove all restrictions & mandate 1 gun per household. We've already had a city here do that with amazing results
Using misleading statistics is not very Presidential.
OPEN CARRY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
good point
by people with guns*
more lives are cut short by abortion. 10,000 times more. Disproportionately minority.
HEY GO TO CHICAGO AND TAKE THE GUNS FROM CRIMNALS I WILL KEEP MY GUN YOU GET RID OF YOUR ARMED GUARDS FIRST HYPOCRIT
kidding me?  Blame the people not the guns! Guns don't do anything by themselves!
So, congress needs to act on an inanimate object? How bout we focus on the people. You know, the ones who will destroy the USA
@BarackObama
@universe2519 u don't need gun reform u need people reform
It's disgraceful.
And do what? Pass more feel-good laws? How about enforcing the ones already on the books? Get real. #DisarmHate #NRA
Just go away. There are too many illegal guns used anyway & nefarious foreign ppl here w/ caches. I don't think you care.
Distorting the truth once again.  You are adding suicides and accidental discharge to the 11,000 homicides!  #DisarmHate
fuck all those that want to chip away at the 2nd amendment.  Trump 2016
Mr. President, all these gun killings are from people that shouldn't have guns what about Isis nothing's done about them.
Not to omit emphasis on when, where, and why to use guns as a lesson in schools. It's only right.
Idont know weather u care about us Americans orU are doing this for show or votes but I  hope u have are best interests at mind
EVER CONSIDERED DOING SOMETHING ABOUT THE GUN VIOLENCE IN YOUR HOME TOWN, MR. PRESIDENT?
@BarackObama
Hillary Clinton is a racist she said she admires Margaret Sanger, who said that the Black race should had never been born.
This epidemic is partly due to the DRUG WAR. #endthedrugwar
30,000 lives are cut short by PEOPLE with guns. Someone has to fire a gun, it doesn't shoot by itself.
Ignoring THIS epidemic is unacceptable.  Guns are just the tools, people kill people
Chicago has strict gun control laws, and both you and the people (at least people live there) know what's been happening there.
I respect your opinion, but guns aren't the issue. Taking our guns/making it harder to get one only helps the morally corrupt.
if you read this please tell michelle obama that she should be the next president od the USA ... btw im from Peru :)
u suck obama
Over 1.3 million people die from cars. should we ban cars have background checks for cars or ban assault trucks #prayforharambe
My brain being controlled by satellite. I was attacked by satellite laser
Gun control doesn't work
focus on packing your bags.
Doing nothing is still better than doing something erratic.
Gun control is not the solution to this "epidemic".
:to impeach you for all your lies and division of this country. You have done more damage than good .
maybe you should use a meme that shows the true numbers instead of lying to everyone, Americans already have trouble trusting U
u can blame yourself for some of them, u race baiter
this is a bulls**t statistic and you know it. How about using RELEVANT truths instead lies and damn lies.
#DisarmHate agree 100% don't understand why Congress doesn't see the disastrous results of not acting now
Actively ignoring YOU is a great place to start!!  #DDNFP
every year,  more than 38,000 American lives are cut short by car accidents.  Congress needs to act on car control!!!
it is sad that in America some people equate common sense regulation of guns with a police state stealing their guns
half a million Americans lose their lives to tobacco where is the call to ban it?
Artificialy inflated number that includes accidents and suicides.  Only 9000 are actually relevant to the gun control debate.
It is not exactly an epidemic - more of a constant problem. But apart from that I totally agree that action is needed.
It has never been about guns,it's about wrong policies e.g. NO MENTION OF GOD IN SCHOOLS. 
It's still on your dollar bill tho
Putting Republican Congress in action is like trying to light a wet campfire.
your a joke as a president. Your globalist views will not come to fruition
it looks like the Muslim refugees are sneaking in some terrorist.
I thought that you said crime is at its lowest point in 30 years.
we stand together with your party Mr President the one and only! God bless you and your beautiful family!
A lot more people died by gun violence nationwide than by terrorists worldwide. What's been done about it, compared w/ terror.
#disarmcriminals
How about the more than 45k that killed in automobile crashes yearly! What's your plan for that!!
and you endorsed self absorbed fool who talked shit about you! Is  there anyone on the planet thats real?SHE IS CORRUPT!
Even more lives lost compliments of one religion - ACT!
