Brother Obama we know US organised coup in Turkey. And you have been supporting PKK. What a excellent ally you are with Turkey
@BarackObama
and Turkey still clings to this alliance. They abuse you because you let yourself be and ask for more, smiling.
Where are you from my friend 
@skaldique @BarackObama
Armenian.
you wear hat Turkish flag symbols?
It's from Mickey Mouse lol.
We have a saying: against fascism shoulder to shoulder 
@skaldique @BarackObama
We have that saying too. Common interests take precedence over other disputes.
How long you gonna consider Turkish People as stupid i dont know sir. BUT IN TURKEY EVERYBODY KNOWS EVERYTHING @BarackObama
Also a graph reflective of honesty, diligence & love of country shown by the previous Administration. Under Trump it's turned upside down!
كس اختك غالى ولا رخيص
you are a fulfilled man bc you did your best for USA
you've redefined unemployment to mean "jobless but looking and have in last 4 weeks". Employment-pop ratio shows ~40% unemp.
I'm not
Me either. Problem is many of those 15 million jobs are lousy, low-wage jobs, % is lower as ppl give up looking
I gave up too after getting an MBA and still being told I'm not good enough
Rose the most during your admin. Took 8 years to correct. That's hardly something to brag about.
because of Bush policies for which he had to overturn.
Not entirely correct. Even economists know that. Don't be fooled by taking credit for what has been a very lackluster recovery.
perhaps not like other recoveries, but you can't deny that jobs are being created for the past 2 yrs
The Connected College of Business a.k.a the "CoB" social network. We support you pkease support us!
.@BarackObama keep lying to yourself. U Change how BLS counts underemployed, modify CPI-U, manipulate markets w/ low interest, &print money.
Oh the "Do these mom jeans make my butt look fat? I'll just leave my shirt tail out..." Kinda financial report?
no.we are not. #liar
It doesn't count when you change the accounting method and totally ignore those who quit looking. Look at welfare recipients
Yup, you betcha we R! &Thx. GOP&othrs tried to avert ur success->very unAmerican, worrisome. I'm scared 4 USA->ISIS+Trump==
who is we? Dam sure ain't me!
Under Trumpet sadly it will go the other way!
people simply stopped looking.  You call that a win?
We sure are! You saved the economy, our jobs, what was left of our retirements. 
We are fighting to increase this work, hard fought, won.
I LOVE AND MISS YOU SO MUCH!!!! Happy Birthday to one of the best PRESIDENTS EVER!
how many are full time jobs ? How many relying on pension not recorded in the " job-seeking" universe ?
MORE LEFTWING PROPAGANDA FROM THE OBAMA MINISTRY OF (MIS)INFORMATION

You have done your bit. Even in the face of senseless oppositions, you did your best. History will not forget you.
@Keishajamrock Absolutely Mr. President,Amen
NO WE ABSOLUTELY ARE NOT!!!!
“@BarackObama: It's been a long road, but we're far better off than we were eight years ago. ”
why do they twist these statistics to show the economy is still flat.   You're doing a great job.
How do I get Hillery and Tim sign or a sticker for my land and truck.  
Linda S. Russell
Ward, Arkansas 72176
501-259-6747
you're truly delusional
More BS from BO.
,it be better if the Repugnant's did not block your other objectives.
الشعب يعتذرعن الشتائم التي صدرت منه@barackobama
.@BarackObama This is such a perfect illustration of what happened to American spirit during your terms
because a sector America didn't accept him as president. The truth is the truth.
lol.   Where's Colin
as your fellow African Americans if they believe that!!!
What an illusion!
all this despite republican obstruction
A man with good dream is a man with greatness
Now tell us the real numbers that are always hidden. The black ppl are a lot worse now than 2008 & most everyone else. Ur fired
.@BarackObama Tell this to every American out of work, because their job has been handed to an illegal immigrant.
Is this what the terrorist are reporting to you? That is in large part thanks to you and Hillary. How much did ya'll make?
says who???
Economy growth is non existent. Productivity is bad. Tax incentives for new processes and technologies should be considered.
ThANk YoU Mr PrEsidENt For a Job weLL DonE 
.Ti m.Et tALk .. 
NoW FollowinG 
DoNaLd TrUMp ->€t U515
PorqUE eL trAbAjo DigNifiCA aL sEr HuMaNo . 
HaPPy LaBor DaY AmEriCA. 
And mAy tHE LorD LeAd thE wAy.
A large percentage of these jobs are for much lower pay than the jobs they replace.
Mr. President, I know I'll never meet you in person, but I want you to know this 68yr old woman and her husband Love you.
Du är tydligen okunnig om orsaken till att den offentliga arbetslösheten är låg. "Far better off" är ren lögn.
DELUSIONAL! We are in an extended recession/depression that is only getting worse.
Cut unemployment rate but all jobs are low wage part time. Cannot survive on them. Have 2 work 2 of them survive
again thank you for being our President and if they won't do their job I'll do it I need a job
Not 1 of em evr beenIN food line
it all looks good and it will have to get better.
funny graph it doesn't scale properly giving an illusion effect of a massive drop.
the great deceiver and the worst president ever!!! That's how you'll be remembered.
you are the best.does g o p need glasses to see this ?
;It,s better people or building Homes ;spending money ;Closet Republicans are coming out an voting for Donald Trump ;# Exposed.
Seriously!? Just like how Chicago's violence has gone down too? Or just like how ObamaCare has been a failure? #Obama #Lies
Black employment graph
You are the best! 
that graph does look like the trend the economy has moved in.
thank you
by forcing 14 million out of the job market.
very proud of the efforts of my President. All the more impressive considering the congress during this period.
AND WHOT FOR ME  IS  FIJI FREE FOR ME
Awesome.I also want to request you to make it relatively easy for international grad to find a job in their field.
Thank you for your service to our country, Mr. President! You will be missed!
Really Barack as I see it you have made a mess of your presidency and should have been impeached in your first term.#worst ever
all I know is my business has never been worse since you hot into office. Yep change certainly came for my family. Thanks
really with our deficit more then double. Makes you wonder what Bush did that's so bad.
Are you serious how are we better? Unemployment, race relations, terrorism, and national debt all out of control.Explain!
yes yes yes indeed
true u would b wen u spell blood for oil, steal minerals from Africa, sell weapons & destroy peace,dump garbage in others ocean
counting down the days buddy!!!!!
IDK where the hell you guys get your statistics but I can promise you we are not better off than we were 8 years ago.
yes, you did Mr President, but what cost !
@trashmag absolutely
I hope I live to see a mexican president, achieve such a turnaround, right @DeniseDresserG  @@brozoxmiswebs @genarolozano ?!
@BarackObama
IS THAT BECAUSE 90,000,000 PEOPLE ARE UNEMPLOYED. STRANGE WAY TO SAY UNEMPLYMENT IS 4.9 %. BS AS USUAL.
This shows the deference between a president in touch and the previous one that was out of touch
you got us out if the ditch!!! Thank you!!!
cause their all on welfare! Stop lying!
that's the spirit
speak for yourself. Over 100,000 people lost their jobs in energy because of your legislation.
I am grateful for all you accomplishment in office to date.
Great
congratulations
what a tool he is. Lies, more lies, and even backs up his lies with skewed numbers.
I am going to miss you.  I believe you are one of the best.
Definitely. 8 years ago America was nose diving into the canyon.
@SgyYogarajah HON OBAMA ! YOUR ENDEAVORS ARE RIGHT ,SO SUCCESSFUL .NO ONE CAN DENY YOUR ACHIEVEMENTS IN THE HISTORY OF USA WIN
Objectively，everything will be better. We must have confidence in the future whatever we're doing now.
history won't forget the terrible 8 years you have plagued this country.
Shout this louder. Trump continually lying. He wants to make US great again with division and hate.
It was a long road Mr. President. Thank you for such a caring person.. Excellent job!!
who is "we"?
- you steered the ship straight and steady through some choppy waters and storms - Thank You!
Who the hell is we?  You and your family, right you diaper load.
if you gave me $20B a month I could pull off some serious shit #pump #QEinfinity
and thank you very much for being our President
I told him that Michelle Obama would kick your ass! And that it literally does not make sense to me
a trump cult follower told me that you executive order that meat from Brazil can come in uninspected.???
بمكن افضل بمواضيع داخلية بس هيبة وشخصية امريكا اهتزت واكبر دليل تطاول الايرانيين عليكم بالخليج العربي
where's the graph for the national debt?
The Lady Hillary Clinton, is able to make the her best, and still have two Ex President and one Vice President, beyond of able.

Your monthly reminder that virtually all the employment growth in the recovery has been full-time. 
Aman.,God Bless American.Rose S Pierce Winston Salem NC.Send Please
yes sir you did a lot and you deserve credit but spending is out of control. You got yours, but what about the middle class?
$19.5 TRILLION!!
maybe you and your family is with all the kickbacks from Obamacare, empty promise,s and racist actions, but we are not
This graph is misleading because 5% is the "0" of the X axis....Lesson: graphs can lie
I am not necessarily saying this graph is completely lying but that it does not tell the whole truth.
your stats lie like you
@JenGranholm people are losing their homes trying to afford insurance, that's better?
hopefully Hillary does changes.  Forcing people to pay hundreds a month on insurance is ridiculous.
yes blame "Obama" for that
good work
how many just gave up ??
RT'ed"@BarackObama This (Pic) could,only,bn done by a-Special-@POTUS.The Followings're at ANY US-Citizen's Charge. & #DUTY.Rgds,
RT"@BarackObama The IMPORTANT thing,Now,Will be to 1)-#VOTE,2)-#VoteBlue -, So that this (Strong/#SOLID advance) is not "spoiled"
Depends on who you ask. I just got laid off. Newspaper industry sucks.
how much tax payer money was spent on this graph of lies? I'm guessing too much...
you had nothing to do with it
chart does not show the 14% unemployment in 2011 when congress cut extension for 20,000,000 Americans lost jobs first term
"we're" is limited to a very select few... mostly political
Yea Obama! Think how much better off we'd be if GOP participated in governing. Their goal was to make you fail! Didn't work!
You are not counting the people who no longer are looking for wort.   They have up.  Nice try with your lies.
President Obama..you will always be thee president of the United states !
@JenGranholm yes! Lets pray Trump supporters know how 2 extrapolate data correctly from chart graphs
you said "Yes we can."  Yes, you did!!
Thank you Obama, you've done this country really well.
lies backed by your propaganda organs at cnn Nyt wash post
lots of waiter and waitress jobs while you regulate real jobs out of existence most destructive pres. Of generation
How many people are now unable to collect unemployment and how many people are now on food stamps? Perspective.
we are much better off. Until some fat guy named Joe D erased our fantasy football leagues. #ThanksJoeD
Maybe YOU are better off.  I'm not. And I don't think I'm the only one.
are you crazy go play golf
Thank you Mr President!
from France I would like to say job ewell done
@ColleenZenk I am far from better then I was 8 yrs ago. #little angel
whose we?
you say that but... I'm doing worse now than I was 8 years ago despite making better money.
I agree
-stagnation is better?You have outspent the last ten presidents,we have a stock market that is dangerously inflated&crash looms
Mr president, You did a good job, Thank you.
AMEN.
Let Trump dispute that
Laughable.
THANK YOU SIR,  WE LOVE YOU AND MICHELE
- Jobs are plentiful. My husband and I have been fortunate to transfer between states and obtain more than job a piece. Thanks!
who else sang the first six words? 
I love you for real.
Obama > Dilma Rousseff
Indeed!You responsibly improved the socio-political&economical problems of the US in your 8 yrs' tenure!
