so good at telling other people what their job is meanwhile ignores security and borders and economy.
EVery thing Obama tweet thing away
How about you do your job! Your DEA just lied & scammed the US people again & you & your admin know it. That DEA is shameless!
Read the constitution. YOU nominate. That's ALL you do. Reid dragged his feet for SIX YEARS and buried bills
@_greykat If GOP senators don't confirm Merrick Garland before the election they are biting off their nose to spite their face.
we need
To kick out all who don't work for the best of USA and not their #party or their own cause.
Confirm the SC judge now.
If I had my way, some of them would spend their recess sitting in Time Out. #ITaughtSchoolTooLong
#DoNOTVoteFor2016 replace 87% of congress Nov 8 2016 ALL 435 HoR & 34 senate seats up for election. replace them all!!
Working on it.  Got a friend running for Congress, but not in my district.
9k
contact me about http://Bridgedagap.org  
Emmanuel
I used to admire you a lot, but embarking on regime change is despicable. Can't wait for your exit.
after all, that should've been done a long time ago.  I think the republicans just want to be able to control everything.
ppl w/short attn spans--folks forgot=need in media more. Get a mvmt going. If Trump wins we R in BIG enuf trouble, get it done
Request to vote for supreme court judge.
So, you're a comedian now?
sir you are perfect for united states of america.my blessings is with you...
It's always hard to get the kids back in.
Ck45,840pmcallStnMngr,PuffnCrack??!!
"editorial boards"?  
Bah Humbug my bro!
know nothing about politics but art is the breath of life for me being a painter
good luck with that
you're the best. You are C C C cool calm and collective. All Respect.
hummmm didn't you do the same thing before taking office lol
Its time No more wasted time
I am so hurt to see Asia looking down at you. Show them little walk but great result. You are my best in this world
I am not citizen of US, but, I really love your leadership. These statements are one of the example.
I challenge all celebrities to build schools in their hometowns.  Competition will force the improvement of public schools.
you're all about the long game. I finally got your decision-making process and reasoning. Excellent.
I'm time they'll say that Barack Obama was one of the great presidents of America or when the facts come out,.
VOTE NEW SENATORS IN.. .
what a joke, none of you earn the pay or the retirement, it is fleecing American in the worst way, all of you are secure

you and including the senate, do not earn the ridiculous pay u get, you are campaigning while we pay u, golfing, vacations etc
I am so ashamed of the Republican parties action towards Obama.  So Sad!?
Better they all sit back and do nothing until you're gone. Go play some golf. Trump will clean up your mess.
And you have allow your closest staff to rip of there Hookers you proud of yourself and accomplishments?
@SenRobPortman Blocking Judges protects Criminals, Same Old Same Old for GOP. Is it treason?
tell @SenateDems to not block Zika funding!
halow
what's wrong with you letting Dakota pipeline security go after the Native American tribe  with pitbull dogs and pepper spray
LE FOU SANGUINAIRE ALI BONGO MASSACRE LE PEUPLE GABONAIS AVEC L'AIDE DE MERCENAIRES
INTERVENTION URGENTE D'UN MANDAT DE L'ONU POUR LE PEUPLE GABONAIS ,
PEUPLE DE PAIX
Not only are you anti-British....but you also look a bit like a chimp..
#iamkratom help me
> @barackobama USA No GST & Justifiably So. Praise @NarendraModi #GSTNFraud. Shame on Potus.
@Reality48529057 yeah bro, hope the senate will instruct Trump to release his taxes.
your interview with Fareed made me look at you differently. Thanks
why don't u do ur job. Right that is
mr. Obama.they are following your example. They are all out playing golf.  "Lead by example"  that's what leaders do? Right?
When are you going to start doing yours?
please pass mandatory minimum bill US Senate #doyourjob
Can't wait for u to be out of office.  What have you done?
Brought to you live from Camp David following 2 weeks on Martha's Vineyard
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account, remitted back to the United States,
U have the right 2 choose the next person that sits in that seat they need 2quit their bellyaching n whining n let U do UR JOB
and thank you for being our President and putting up with their childish little games you're the president fire all of them
sure you do your job and fired the entire Auditorium they are not doing their jobs it's your job to get somebody who will Sir
/Cdn. Senate do not hold much power/wonder how it is different in U.S./
FBI RELEASED #CROOKEDHILLARY INTERVIEW https://twitter.com/FoxNews/status/771769116025688065 … #NEVERHILLARY #MRSREXIT #AMERICAFIRST #TIMEFORCHANGE #MAGA
Catherine Herridge breaks down the newly released FBI documents on its investigation into #HillaryClinton’s emails. 
that's why @realDonaldTrump is putting you in jail!!
http://money4Task.com/?ref=224365 
DO YOUR JOB DICKtator obama!
Here's what to do, let them get a drink then tell them to sit in their seats & do their work
Anyone else wondering how & why Scalia placed a pillow over his face before he died in his sleep? Was he Loretta Futty'd?
This is illegal - what's going on? You're Pres until 1/17. What are Dems doing to stop this Rep tantrum???
By Constitution, the President is not required to nominate a SCJ, nor is the Senate required to confirm.
to bad you can't stay on office longer
donate #solar technology to #siliconfalaat.
#In Ethiopian peaceful protesters are killed and killing by TPLF, government of Ethiopian. I ask you Mr. President do something
@AarDayburnin yeah do your fucking job or your fired wait you will be come November
they are hurting themselves cuz come November we know who didn't work for the american ppl
time for you to retire and stop ruining our country
yea Senators we want Barrack Obama impeached for Treason!
I think the Senate and Congress need term limits similar to the President. It just might solve gridlock.
This from President Lampshade-Head?
@CNNPolitics @AP @nytimes @CBSNews @ABCPolitics @JoeNBC @TheEconomist @NBCNews Why is the press resting on its LAUREL on this??
Time for a sit in
Continue the process of CHANGE...Your global movement is awaited.
Dude you've been trying to get them to do their jobs for the last 8 years.

release doctor aafia siddique. we all pakistanies love him
#Liar #stfu #flipflop YOU'RE A REAL DOUCHEBAG  !!!
@GOP He took a two week vacation to get ready for another vacation in China; most Americans can't afford 2 week vacations!
,I like your leadership style Obama. You know your work and you love your country.
YOU too POTUS - have a nice two week vacation which most Americans can't afford to take because of your 8 year mess.
eight years of no leadership and a moron for a president thank God it'll be over soon
This democracy was built on a 'checks&balance' concept of gov't. that this Congress has put aside, to our country's detriment.
Those Republicans who misused their power to obstruct the SC nominee hearing s/b voted out by the public they have not served.
part of change is voting out GOP for doing nothing and blocking anything getting done on behalf of party. It's over
America you need America-Europe history culture
very very bad ! America you dont need Africa History
very bad Project
Your Need America Europe History Culture !
Good Morning Mr President,  Yes I do agree that those stupid Congresses and Senate do the job done right now and start realize
Very very Bad ! Very Bad ! Very Bad !!!
hmm
you actually reading papers and watching news these days?
قود
your Saturday,speech,I realized you R either high,or delusional, everything U said we accomplished,is nonsense,100M,Not Workin
Maybe,U have to many,(Yes) Men,because the jobs U created R half as much as the jobs we had,Everything cost 3x as much as B 4
YES! Stopping your America-hating ass
when you start doing yours, they'll do theirs.
If they were on recess why isn't he a justice?
you have never done yours correctly.
FF外から失礼するゾ～（謝罪） このツイート面白スギィ！！！！！自分、RTいいっすか？ 淫夢知ってそうだから淫夢のリストにぶち込んでやるぜー いきなりリプしてすみません！許してください！なんでもしますから！(なんでもするとは言ってない)


Are you still here?
The American people should have a way to MAKE congress, who we employ- do their jobs between elections. A citizens board maybe?
blahhhhh go buy ranch next to your BOSS Bush and them and get ur corny library
أمين
