yes Garland should be appointed as judge I support Obama's pick
Recall this! , http://easycolorexpress.com 
@JOBoomr @WSJ I wouldn't get a paycheck if I didn't complete my work. They should not be paid their salaries
Mr. President Judge Sonya Sodomizer & Felona Kegan R your selections. They really stink.
@BarackObama @WSJ
SAME things Dems have done in the past, don't we love the double standards these dimwits put on us?!?!
@BarackObama @WSJ
Give it a rest. Keep quiet for the next six months and we'll all be a little better off.
How do we 'check and balance' this type of obstruction? Warn, give ultimatum but then consequences?
feed him ( Gulen-terrorist ) well USA  for coup
No more OBAMA BALONEY. He will go down in history as the Man who came Very Close to Destroying America but we will WIN!
cant my heart has stop
give it up Muslim, ain't gonna happen!! Save your tweets 
if only you could run for office again, the world would be a safer place@excellent job, @highestadmiration
hdliewbkevmxsa
do.your.job? How dare you! 

Yes we can? You made me believe! 
#YouLied #ExecOrdersVsConstitution 

#ObamaBuyersRemorse
stand firm Senate... Lame ducks don't dictate our future, don't let #Potus ExecOrder his way around you & me... AGAIN!
your black lives MATTER are the American terrorists movement. Your fault
Yes Obama is concerned about the rule of law - give me a minute to stop laughing. Nope can't do it.
never going to happen...wasting time. Get over it, Scalia will be replaced by another conservative. Libs are a waste of O2.
We are asking you to end of Life sentence in prison for #Khaled_alDossari in US prison and bring him back to #Saudi
Only, when I won't to read an op-ed full of lies and get a good laugh from reading unintelligent words.Please die soon.
yes yes yes!!! Totally agree...we need to loosen up supreme court get those squeaky tight asses off like c. thomas!!! Yea!
@BarackObama @WSJ
خلاص يا أوباما فاضلك كام شهر وتفضي مكان لغيرك اوعي تدخل في شؤونا وإلا هانخلعك أنت واللي زيك
GOOD MR. PRESIDENT SIR.
Thank You President Obama for all you have done over the years!
yes, let's change the subject from how @POTUS has been getting cops murdered.
Sorry, we are more interested in reading charges against Obama for treason!!
Ainda não inciei curso de inglês na enjoy.. por isso não sei do que você ta falando.. Sorry
whom have power to break truce with the hierarchy
but as Christ trucebreakers seek mutinies
some measure procured on behalf of peace as John Jay
if there where no etiquette the ancient would have fought to end
for if it where no Cocomo the government's would have crumbled by him
so many drug lords revere this icon the Oval Etiquette the Green the Gold the Etiquette
coca i n`a
Cocalina
Nautl and Gud
Geronimo with a g or J iconic in D.C
Pharoah an icon in D.C
yes always apart of history but must choose to embrace the beliefs
Coolie of the afro Asian iconic globally
Okinoki and icon throughout the globe young black leader running away from oppressors
North America Central America and South America
Ruby Red himself of Ruby Red dynasty that individual and icon in D.Charge Cocomo have been rehearsed all through out life
Makokomo the chief of chief that individual and family an icon in D.C
1st Chicken of Chickamaugas spirit of Ft.Oglethorpe that individual an icon in D.C
damages oppressors invaders and wicked
me personally in time of disparity have unloaded an litany of standard defeats systematic and ever damages
a lot of nen women and youth are using hero's I take time to honor them being some even on page of history have continued
Major concern w/Judge Garland is he relies on precedent which is generally good -but bad givn recent precedent like Citzns
some consider
so many gladiators yet even in Greece today the coliseums are being relived at every breath
so many oppose reform
I smell defeat in washington
it was Greece it was coliseum law and as Christ said fear not if whole world hate you for his name
or on behalf of many one succeeded
as defeat sweap through Greece it may have been the rise and zenith which fell but on behalf of one many failed
@WSJopinion @WSJ just say NO!! We will not allow #obama to have his way on this! He can pour all the way to January!!
in saying defeat became a marquee achievement of Greece to use negativity of people to win large wars
Could you just highlight for us anything that's not the same old bulsht?
@BarackObama @WSJ @WSJopinion @cspanwj  
Oh, that's what I figured.
the same Gladiator was Festus in New Testament or he whom made the world festup tell the truth
the spirit of defeat once filled the Coliseums of Greece on behalf of one Gladiator
America deserves a real president to put forth a recommendation.
Our succession read history undefeated these new campaigns sinking daily pray for Gustaf or defeat
Gustaf outside in Nations Capitol looking to goose egg this coup and mutiny
for reality still lie in power of ownership and they own this country not politicians
or before that along with natives
this racial disparity open the door of large campaigns in whereas should have been ended in Lincoln days
not even able to put it all together before it all falls apart
government's all over spectrum killing our youth at extremely young ages off setting futures
people unsafe in parenting because of racial implication
this has become a most serious offense
no longer will Amarco or the Americus of America allow those youthful hopes as medallions become livestock
these beliefs of sodomy amongst people and support has become insane
crazy people as insainity go in circles receiving same results not making change hoping for a difference insanity
strike like lightning hit line thunder heard noise abroad denied power of attorney and crazy
Rothschild saw demand for monopoly and sold his destiny
adopted approval from young boy and sold his very future magically in hole of change
Maria laveau adopted same malicious demonic approach this is why no peace since 1600s New Orleans
so many seek deliverance so many youth depend on hope devastating
greatly from abuse hatred even genocide
rumscel seeing a world sentimental towards kids change name for one being surnamed the Rothschild have benefited greatly
not just on film but all over Astor's Disney's take from our true purpose in search of stolen wealtb
forever thrown before dope deals cartels and wicked and vile individuals to subject my families to abuses
Cocomo look at youth read of Sammy and large floridian takedowns Atl. New Orleans etc.
man even as a poor man have stocks bonds and bars
how US Treasuries and lands become an just answer to corrupt politicians
for every one as soon as on battle field or put in charge of large accounts steal
THIS GUY IS WEAK...
are not these highminded fakes recognized
why demoralized our blood drenched lands with the new approach to so many astray
I have learn if one wash your back return favor
all these guys talk about are oppressive whites and regimes scribbled on the academics chosing of self
not complaining bout my job but will complain bout this celebration being overlooked continually
how so many forewarn the political office on the strenuous task and life risking exchange for particulars
how consider LGBT with struggling communities
how do more for yourselves with natives in need
the things to change are only the things in which have been neglected
I suspect millions of people still embrace this country
the final deciding vote and why not casting vote this year I expect ,1000s of vets seek honor
Don't lecture us on democracy. We are a representative Republic. Not mob rule
In 2008 #America trusted u
We voted
u broke our trust #Obamacare #traitor
U hurt every #AmericanWageEarner
#ImpeachObama
after #Obamacare robbed every WAGE EARNER we can't  trust ur pick #SCOTUS #ImpeachObama u brooke our trust #traitor
just play pokemon go
What did we do as a nation to deserve such a dishonest, anti-American as this man? http://www.mrctv.org/blog/obama-police-can-make-job-being-cop-lot-safer-admitting-their-failures …
RT"@BarackObama,"@WSJ-,#JudgeMerrickGarland (Op-ed,hereafter,on my page). mj/As-we-daily-may-see: #WeNeedNine ..  #DoYourJob/#NOW
like to see some leadership from CJ Roberts. "Court needs to be full nine justices by 1st Monday in October "
its past time. What r penalties 4 elected officials not doing what they have been elected to do?Go 4 it POTUSMake it so
The job eill be filled by Trump  #VOTETRUMP #NEVERCLINTON #BUILDTHEWALL #JAILCLINTON #AMERICAFIRST
BREAKING: Document obtained by AP: Secret deal will allow Iran to expand key nuclear program in little more than a decade. @BarackObama @WSJ
南海是中国的:-D
#Liar #flipflop
this record shows the importance of why Obama needs to pick a certain judge so badly
 https://youtu.be/hs1ep6P4NZodo  your job!
Wow! Did you see all the air headed GOP supporters comments? These are sad little people.
— Isa ito lamang.

@MissUniverse —Pi▲
@CHRPhilippines
@BarackObama
SETDISCOVERƒƒ
https://twitter.com/TVPatrol/status/754998283810988032 …
Why Merrick Garland Is Terrible ..
L
Why you do that all the time and have for years
Give us a break and vote on the man they all called qualified. Repubs have no balls
@BarackObama @WSJ
liar and chief ! He lets #BLM target our police force!
you are what's wrong with America! Stop allowing #BLM terrorist from killing our police! Do your job!
Senators want six figure consultant jobs after their terms. Trump doesn't need those bribes.
Oh hell no he can wait. Can't trust anyone forcing ACA on America or TPP#I'dRatherBern
, https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/improve-city-lighting-nationwide …
well said Mr. President
Most of those Republicans have been total Jack ass bigots from day one of your Presidency.  You handled it with grace .
Wish we could get these Republicans to vote. But they don't care about the general public at all, just the top 1%. #SCOTUS
I'm do not acorde with Donald Trump, his end your city and the world
questa  volta  tra'  Ilary   è   Trump siete  veramente  in una  trappola  ¡¡¡¡ siamo  nei  guai ¡¡¡ purtroppo  !!!!"
The United States need eliminate the Japan-US military alliance without interfering Japan's nuclear bomb retention! 
@BarackObama @WSJ
>>http://koukouya3.blogspot.jp/2016/07/the-united-states-need-eliminate-japan.html … …
@BarackObama @WSJ
yes I want job
but how want work
Please guys, do your job!
cool http://www.winthrillsnetwork.com/ppc.php ?
id=cd2757d67565b33d5a94575782b3f19f
How about more op-eds encouraging experimentation with open borders on a small scale first.
Fetullah gülen denen şeref, haysiyet yoksunu ihtiyarı Türkiye ye iade edin.
tell dc ar is design 4 isis. Dc no isis. Junk aww
NASA discovered something The islam talked about it befor 1400 years, Please watch the video
Thank you for writing  this article. I'm really going to miss the classy way you've governed and interacted with all.
.
what usa need is a coup to clean this system from the roots...
america hate Muslims ..
@BarackObama @WSJ
you are 2 polite & genuinely nice Mr. President, let's say #DO YOUR F'ing Job
so the liberals can take control. We are not stupid.
Well said! Brilliant piece!
looking great
WHy do you keep pushing this?  when @HillaryClinton wins in November you'll get your ultra liberal judge
unfortunately, they are not going to. New hashtag: #FireTheGOP. The lot. We can replace them with some cats. Cleaner. Fun.
