India Defeted USA
http://ncrtweb.online/photos 
yeah right.
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
z
. @BarackObama I will not be and looks like nobody else did too. Relief. @BeefEnt
I know this is not your fault however it's sad parents are afraid send their children to school due to we never know that it will be us on the other end of the phone crying saying why us such as not protecting our children at school
Not realizing no matter what school will lose money regardless such as parents might wake up one day homeschool their children that means more people will be out of jobs
Then some of the children suffer due parents have to work they don't have time give them the tools they need particularly special needs children need additional help that some parents can't give them plus the children become antisocial because they are homeschool unless they
Have siblings no matter what having a security guard not only protect the children and staff but it will save jobs
Who am I nobody right because nobody is listen it's about saving a dollar right instead protecting children of our future
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас , мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse , la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Yeah....as I sit here after paying $400 a month out of pocket for @UFHealth insurance and STILL have a stack of health insurance bills not being covered or paid. Routine care! Not being covered. #Racket #ThanksObama

Sr.P.Barack Obama.  Todos los Ex-Presidentes USA deberían de tener opinión política en las decisiones internacionales por el orden Mundial
President, the Lord, the Lord, the Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health, happiness, goodbye, goodbye, good morning, good night
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
President, the Lord, the Lord, the Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health, happiness, goodbye, goodbye, good morning, good night
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
I TOLD YOU ONE'S AND BEFORE I HAD A CRUSHED ON YOU HUSSEIN.
you've done so much for us & thank god you use Twitter better then trump does!Lol!Hope your family have an everyday kinda day!
Please read this one, sir, which expresses the heart of so many of your constituents http://www.specialpresidentialelection.com/Open%20letter%20to%20Pressident%20Obama.html …
I REALLY LIKE TOESES BARACK & THAT'S YOU HONEY
I don't have a spare 5 mins 
@WhiteHouse show shouldn't be very long....
the unaffordable care act is more like it Arizona over 100% premium increase you lied!
It's not funny with :55pm.

JESUS U
that ought to be about a 5 min speech, unless spend 25 min bullshitting.
;Rome wasn,t built in a day and health can,t be built in year ; but Rome influenced the world and so will health care.
the United States will be destroyed, because I do want to divide Turkey..,
@BarackObama @WhiteHouse
LIES!
Affordable Care Act is not a success cost for most average families have doubled if not tripled
is done and can't wait for #Trump to be president
http://www.watertowndailytimes.com/national/despite-being-shamed-for-overcharging-patients-hospitals-raised-their-prices-again-20161020&template=mwdt …
But how about the medical over charges, abuse,  and crimes?
good
8 years just bla bla bla bla...dont forget to close Guantanama
AFFORDABLE CARE LOLOLOLOLOL
STOP UR BLABBERING 
IT DOSENT WORK!
STOP USING UR POSITION 2VOTE 4 CLINTON!
STAND DOWN
Missed it!

(DAMMIT!) 
Please give me a Visa
American wants to know what the CLINTON'S have on you n your family seem u n Michelle camping harder than Bill

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/anis-shivani/feminists-stop-obfuscatin_b_9835510.html …?
I WOULDN'T GIVE 15 CENTS FOR THE FUTURE OF THE LIARS..EZEKIEL 13:13-15..
Thanks Obama, for my sky high premiums and deductables... You have done a swell job!! #DrainTheSwamp
/ Watching your Florida speech!!  Sounds great!
It's widely recognized as a complete failure.
lol
bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla

Predicting Plans To Destroy America 1958 Robert Welchin's Speech ✪ Blow Your Mind ✪
The problem with ACA was when they gave the states the option not accept Fed money #TheDonald wants repeal with no replacement
#EndTheDrugWar #LegalizeIt
This is What Your Gov't is Predicting For The Future ✪ Blow Your Mind ✪
speaking about the successes of the ACA???? Should be a very short speech....
"Nothing" end of speech!
#worstpotusever
ARREST OBAMA FRAUD HIGH TREASON CRIMINAL BANKSTERS PUPPET DOG PRESIDENT ALONG WITH CRIMINALS AT DOJ/FBI/SEC/F/WALL ST.
NO done with YOU, as you are a #liar Need Proof? What a legacy I must say..I thought Hoover was bad, you top the cake!
jobs were being taken from hospitals before ACA from emergency bills that never got paid by patients without insurance
How about to listen to more news about the #NintendoSwitch?
This should be a real spin job.


freeze the account as soon as possible.Request you have to do.freezing account, remitted back to the UnitedStates,
IDIOT
Mr. President, you have redefined the word "success." Shame on U for not doing this like Europe does, single payer.
niceparsan
Success of the Affordable Care Act? LOL!
Oh my God!  This is a disaster!  My husband and I lost our jobs and insurance!  Such LIES!!!
: Huh, in what Country was there a Successful Healthcare Act?
I'm sorry, the WHAT of the Affordable Care Act?

#VoterFraud 
#PodestaEmails13
#Veritas
will you also address how far below the enrollment numbers that are needed to make it solvent?
LMAO!!!!!
oh boy that will be great. i will tune in as soon as cpt kangaroo is over!
If you are really stupid and believe or like Obama lies tune in. If you are smart you know is all BS so no need to tune in
will tune in. Love my President representing exceptionally well.
do your thing hunnie
Mr. President, with respect to you, can you please state why the world became unsafe and unstable and specially Arab countries?
tired of your lies and bullshit. I'll pass.
Hearing Republicans say they will repeal the affordable care act and never say what they will replace it with.
Health care should NOT be a for profit business @POTUS
#سلام
my daughter still can't afford insurance.  I'm still waiting for disability.  http://www.gofundme.com/2hwdyvfa 
ha! Forcing people to buy expensive private insurance is NOT what I'd call a success @POTUS

Wikileaks Emails Prove Obama Lied When He Said He Didn’t Know Hillary Was Using Unsecure Email Server - http://www.infowars.com/wikileaks-emails-prove-obama-lied-when-he-said-he-didnt-know-hillary-was-using-unsecure-email-server/ … 
hahaha. What successes? It's your legacy and it's a failure
LMAO. Is this a joke
no thanks. You sold out the American ppl. Sir Sellout, you doomed us to death under hrc when we'd had life under BS
FIX THE $11k STOLEN from one family

Tax credits retroactively denied

Nothing you have ever done works

#Trump must fix!!!!!
and @ShutGuantanamo giving closure date? @drones stopping indiscriminate killings, can you really moan about Russia
Premiums and deductibles are SKYROCKETING and you call that a success?
But of course YOU would.
success of this act literally mimics your time as POTUS, failure in every phase #corrupt #hypocrit #wasteoftax$
@BarackObama @WhiteHouse
ARE YOU JOKING???? YOU ARE LAUGHABLE,  UNBELIEVABLE.  IT'S ONLY YOUR AGENDA
SOCIALIST.
ROFLMAO!!!
do you have the rest of the #RedDeadRedemption2 trailer?
great success ins companies pulling out employers can't afford States dropping it yah GREAT SUCCESS OBUMER
#Ronaldgod @WhiteHouse

lupe Jose martinez hello good morning to see him nice day present citizens pass port usa American priesdeant ask godpray bible
okee
Yeah, you can talk about United Health Care huge stock increase since getting out of Obamacare
what news channel
чё говорить? 8 ноября квартиру надо будет искать, чтоб съехать ))))
trying to make that pig look good with lipstick ain't happening another failure of this administration
what's about Trump's lies about you????
IKR
I like it
It's going to be a very short show!
success?????
RT"@BarackObama. (To "my" Followers/Visitors: TY/1st!. Then: Will,As usual,Watch this #TwitterOff -, Then,RT-from/""Sorry"" ..!)
what success? Complete utter failure
if you didn't start it, many American citizens would have died of treatable diseases, the good thing you started, and helping!
you are missed already ,don't want you to leave!
@EdneaBassi
How about the CORP. LOOPHOLE that created so many part time jobs and less tax revenue YOU STOLE OUR SOCIAL SECURITY HR1314?
God Bless You,#33!Smile
any chance that he takes responsibilities for the failures of it? No?
na that's Bush's fault#noacountability
I need to go get more gas right now, that's also bush's fault. Smh.
Hillary's emails, Bill's hands, #Wikileaks all Bush's fault for telling those Russians! @realDonaldTrump
O.K.
Pode reprisa  depois
you mean tune in to watch him lie through his slimy teeth?  PASS #PodestaEmails13 #MAGA #TrumpPence2016
Only one that is a pathological LIAR is #TheDonald or as you cann him @realDonaldTrump

Love it- I wouldn't have been insured without it!
not a chance. Will be replaced soon anyways..
A powerful man on earth
طيب
