No #Obama , it's time for you+Michael to go, r u holding a UN position while being POTUS +u pay #Iran $$$ #urwhatueat #ivoted4u
please research the right information about the Iran own money you are talking about.
I did, the Iran deal is a farce from tbe beginning. My family is Iranian American. U r suckers, a liberal quality.
I don't think you did the right research. Please go back to it and you will find when everything started.
u trust the wtong prez
humm!!! The wrong prez??? Lol
Iranian leadership tells a different version, land of  #obama 's retirement retreat
show me a report that backed up what you said? Or maybe the "Iranian" version. Lol! Hopefully Iran government version. lol!
Hope you get to fill that spot. That would delight most of the free world, while infuriating those in the other basket.
We are taking our country back from the gangsters that run it now. The damage they have done may never be fixed.
Wow, I love your Darth Vader impression. Uncanny.
Not unless they vote for him. If you don't agree with him to hell with you. The GOP are fools for helping him like they have.
So angry.
I'm not angry I'm happy because Trump will win and undo all his lib nut crap he has done. Its going  to be great to see lib!!!
ok cool bye
Vote Trump if you want a future for your children.
Don't you got a job to do? I for got you don't know how to do the job. Except when it comes to spiting on our constitution.
Donald Trump will make a much better leader than you could ever be Mr. President. Trump is smooth and cool we will win.
so nominate someone already
from the guy who shits on the constitution daily
when you relise DR.  AFIA SIDDIQUI AND GUNTAMABAY PRISONERS?
I couldn't agree more! Senators, do your job...
@WhiteHouse @OFA @POTUS Don't give taiwan government officials get the remittance, Do as I said .  freezing of bank account .
thank you for c
Call your Senators every day!!!
U deserves Better. nobody wants to follow the rules when U r following them. Ur Greatest #BarackObama
Fact: Republicans in Congress is obstructing US democracy and our Constitution to do harm to this nation. That is treason.
have you noticed police across america have declared war on human lives without warrant or recourse? Will the Fed step in?!
totally agree but the GOP is playing games
stay off the golf courses, call a terrorist a terrorist and you do your job
It's this called a act of treason? Deliberately putting their personal views and opinions before that of the country.
shocker
you mean like Senator Schumer did in 2008
no the time is when president trump taks office
Then try appointing another Scalia-like justice. Funny how you care about the founders so much since now you can't get your way
. Sir during your tenure African dictators rigged elections, extended term limits  murdered abd you took no action no sanctions
I find it funny that your VP called for exactly the same thing, and now you're crying about it.
http://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/02/23/us/politics/joe-biden-argued-for-delaying-supreme-court-picks-in-1992.html …
bilieve in God if you bilieve in God will do a miracile in your life.   Amanuel melese from ethiopia  gimbo woreda
since when do you care about what our founders wanted? Only when it is convenient.  November can't come fast enough
will they succeed in preventing you from appointing.
One would think after 400yrs of tug of war we would finally start to pull together for whats best? Do the right thing.
absulitaly sir
everybody on eart should know that by biological body and head analyze Roman Zalibelyan is older than me for 34 years
Congress should do their job.
please say to indian p.m. to stop corruption in India
Let HRC put a leftist on the SCOTUS and stick it to the Republicans
please recognize Palestinian state before you leave office!!!

amen.
Republicans are hoping Trump will appoint Judge Judy
奥巴马威武！
It's already staffed : 3 for the level of national deficit  !
shame on you senate leaders!
The constitution doesn't define "fully staffed." Just tell Ginsberg to take a sabbatical. Problem solved.
right stupid
they didn't want an income tax, A corrupt gov, a free standing ARMY, Or global imperial empire war machine but here we are.
your job as president is not what the founding fathers intended.
Then why do you nominate partisans to be "non-partisan jurists". You are asking the GOP to capitulate. #waitfornewpresident
1. The Court는 정치와 간격이 멍수록 좋음(단절되어야 함) 그레서 판관은 선거되거나 의회로부터 자유로워야 함. 그대신 헌법재판소가 판관을 견제하게 하면 됨(물론 헌법재판소는 선거되고 의회로부터 구속)
2. The Court: 따라서 대법관은 국왕이 임명하는 것이 옮음. 미국경우는 국왕이 존재할수 없으므로 또다은 대안이 필요함. 대법관을 의회가 임명하게 되면 정파에 구속되며, 판결에 있어 편향됨을 피할 수 없음=중심이 흔들림
The Court 3.한국의경우 대법관은 대통령이 임명=정파적일 수 밖에 없음. 또한 의회로부터 청문회를 거친후 임명동의의 승인을 받아야 함=더욱 정파적임
한국의 이런 현실은 Because of "The USA following
@LenniBenson | Garland's confirmation would seem to be looking wiser and wiser on the march to the election.
Th 15 15 getting old Mr President
rEaD thEm thEir job dEscripTioN,  hAvE thEm  51GN EACH 1 Of thEir Na M35 thAt thEy Fully
Understand the document  in quE5T1@N  and givE thEm a prOjEct Ed  cOmpLe T I@N dA T € , FollOw uP and hoLd thEm aCCountAbLE
You are thE O'Ne and thAt wiLL bE yOur LegAcy cloSE to a  mind  thAN consciousness in thE U5 THE PEOPLE.***
Wait?  The Supreme Court ABOVE partisanship? Hilarious!!
in Ecatepec Cipriano, del prd, in sta. clara ?
Dear brack obama pls helps out Ethiopia’s people every single day people dying every single moment  pls use your pawer stop
keep lying to your uneducated devil followers.
Our founders never intended the President to rewrite laws bypassing Congress, but that hasn't stopped you has it?
how many times are you gunna send this shit out? GitMo is still open #doyourjob
Did our founders intend a U.S. president to turn our nation over to a Sharia Compliant SCOTUS Judge? no
if you sir had not been so anti-american this position may have been filled by now.
Of course they are trying to block your absurd, damaging ideals. Go back to golf Barry O
Thank God! Do us all a great big favor and remove yourself from office. You've done enough damage to America.
The ship has long sailed on the scotus being non-partisan.
as if they really care - wake up they don't care becuase they're not being paid to care
you're funny  would democrats have done that for Bush? Before you called them names you should have thought about it
#DoYourJob and get off the campaign trail remember your 8 years are up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm totes with you but ... the FF only appointed 6 justices and put their offices in a basement. Just to be clear on this.
never give up, never surrender
wondering why a bunch of adults missed the work together lecture in kindergarten and can't put aside differences for America?
#GOPgames
You have no intention of our forefathers wishes.  go away short timer.
You have No Idea what our founding father wanted.
i bet he has more of an idea than you do. By a long shot.
nominate someone that balances liberal and conservative, I'm sure they'll be more willing to cooperate.
@realDonaldTrump WHY?Since when has Supreme Court judges stopped U,Obama from anything?Most executive orders in History&All BAD
once u do, can we get our money back 4 us who paid 4 it?
--this *stalling,* prolonged as it is, & w wide media Trump bias, causes concerns that the **Electoral Collage** favors Trump
Above partisanship? All those judges you have appointed have been as partisan as they come. Do you believe what you say?
And you are pushing the TPP against the will of the people and supporting a fraud in this election.

- that ended about 200 years ago. Speed up.
not going to happen clown
and you are endorsing a candidate who commits felonies. Maybe start by leading by example instead of throwing stones.
OBAMA? THE PERSON WHO DEFYS ALL OF OUR LAWS...THE PERSON WHO NEGOTIATES WITH TERRORIST THE PERSON WHO BOWS TO MUSLIM LEADERS
WE`LL LET TRUMP DO IT.
...and you have followed our founding father's wishes? Please. Stop talking.
This is a standard set by Democrats in 1960.  Its your party that continues to try to change the rules to suit their wants.
One thing u may like d world to rem'ber u aft 100 yrs "Not ur journey thru IN gate but ur journey thru OUT gate of White House
Dunia Internasional wajib bertanggungjawab apapun yg terjadi .itu adalah salah besar Dunia Internasional.
uazar saksi Tarian koboy akan Mukhlis Momok eksekusi dengan caranya, Itulah cara yg baik untuk menyelesaikan masalah
In India also vacant seats..even lakes pending cases..r sign of hyponymy of Judiciary2 executive..justice shudn't b submissive
:very true
There ia lesson for our SC in this. The will of the people is supreme and must be obeyed. Be answerable to the people.
they sure don't want you in the history books.  They fight you tooth and nail over justifiable legislation & your actual job!
And what is your job, having the Chinese make a fool of you!! Do you even work, except when are causing BLM to kill cops?
nothing is above partisanship. You wrote that book but it's not selling.
When will you get back to work? Hand must be tired from patting yourself on the back. No one else is for your failed policies.
just as you did 8 years ago?? So just shut it and get out of our white house!
.....
.... nope
absolutely!
The time to fill the #SCOTUS is the day after your sorry ass is out of office @BarackObama @WhiteHouse
they r not going to listen to you so voters will make it loud & clear that @SenateGOP r fired from the jobs they are not doing
/ BHO & HRC mafiosas R dangerous and have people dispatched if they testify  against them, Thats why they take the 5th, scary!!!
nope
@TRH_WandC  only thing I can think to do is remind those around me that are voting republican that They are dropping the ball
/ you bet becs we dont want librals that make laws in the SC, just interpreted as 2 the constitution,we saw Obamacare becm tax
I loved your speech in Philadelphia today. More campaign speeches like that and we will have the first female president ever.
coughing . . . - Your friend, #Hillary
That's because you lied your way into the White House and THEY'RE TIRED OF YOUR SHIT!!!!!!! Get OUT!!!!!!!!!!!
Not on your watch
good one to talk about nonpartisan action as your out campaigning for the liar on our tax payers$
, I say walk from the @WhiteHouse with those who believe that it needs to be done now. Let's stretch our legs. #ForUS
I Think the Republican Party is a Bunch of Ill-Educated,Infantile Whiners.They have Sealed Their Doom with Donald Trump.
goes down im important I wish these people would grab a brain and stop implying that im some kind of idiot why have marketgains
theres and no one elses.I realize that they all seem to think like before that when the market goes up im a nobody and when  it
Edmonton want me to look cheap and not with it im doing ok but things could be a lot better here im certain the gains are just
are trying to make me look cheap and like a bad boy again I seem to fail to be reasoned our market gains have come to ahead and
Seems like our market gains for Alberta are not helping them adjust to there policy makers life style seems a lot of people
go TRUMP
if you really didn't want the Supreme Court political you would impose term limits and we could start over.

true
The time to fill the seat was over 100 days ago.
I'm not sure our founders specified 9 SCOTUS. Don't think there is a limit. Can we check that out?
not with one of your choices
what's up obama
Barack Obamaさん

The time to fill the vacant seat is now.

Thank you very much

@BarackObama
they will pay for that on November 8th
ALONG WITH N.KOREA, CHINA XI JINPING AND PUTIN AND PARK GEUN HYE,EURASIA START AGAIN, CAN NOT STOP.
SECRET REVOLUTION:PRESIDENT PARK GEUN HYE,ARE DEMAND RESIGNATION,BUT PARK GEUN HYE, NO STEP DOWN___
DOCUMENTS RESULT,THE A UNIFIED CHINA RECEIVE REPORT WELCOME TO,SO AVOID CHINA PRESIDENT XI JINPING AND WAR___
HELLO,PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA,http://2016.5.6.IN  N.KOREA LABOR PARTY CONVENTION,S.KOREA AND N.KOREA TO THE SECRET___
Impeach all of them!
:  NO!
I think they are using the time honoured response of "La-lala-lala".
founders?  did they intend for you to endorse an evil wretched, crooked, lying, cheating criminal?
and using their constitutional right to do so
What does your ass know about above partisanship, you have no clue, foreskin
they just cannot do anything. WE WILL REMEMBER IN NOVEMBER
I agree. The Republican plot to load SCOTUS in their favor is illegal and reprehensible. I have signed petitions to no avail.
Mr. President, you are a lame duck President.
look the Constitution requires it.. And Congress was Elected to uphold our Constitution!
pardon Edward Snowden and Chelsea Manning.
GUESS WHAT IM GLAD.. AND PROUD, AND I THINK TRUMP CAN PICK MY NEXT ONES TRAITOR.
"remain above partisanship" = "reflect MY partisanship". What a con artist.
kind of like when you & hillary done your jobs when Bush had a nominee? Hold your breath!
Hmmm, Impeachment time! Too bad that is the power of congress only.
in the famous words of Justice Smith, I say "sue the b*****ds"( for breach of their oath to uphold the Constitution)!
Relax Barry. Wait until the new President gets in
they will not change D.J.Trump has exposed their true colors. Just ask Dukes in Louisana.
hey BO kiss all our asses !
USA -  United Kingdom - Spain - Italy - France. 
Your decision only ink on paper .
libyan black oil for libyan people .
the Supreme Court justices should also have a term limit.
if you feel that way, why do you only appoint liberal judges? #ashamedofObama
Hey Obama it's time for you to vacate your seat at the White House
I need inspiration. Please inspire me
can we arrest Congress for nit doing their legal job?
This has been total BS.Like President Obama Or Not He Is Still The President Of Our United State's .
That is more B S
Hey, Congress: #DoYourJob
