finding the recored https://goo.gl/MlPgN2 
. @BarackObama But according to @realDonaldTrump its a setup by the chinese to make the US less competitive

Man, that guy is laughable
Point being? 

And nah, I'd prefer to see another 4 year of obama than any of those idiots
Well, it was the republicans that just kept trying to stop him..
 (c)
Also yes.. whatever the fuck happens in murica sadly influences Europe aswell
i remember a certain economic crisis and some little war things you guys helped with that got EU free problems
Hope we are paying attention before it's too late.  Let's get on board.
right sir
they deny global warming like you deny how bad the ACA is...
Climate change is bullshit. socialism.
d u "'!28,zray ,uj,u rzr;$$$
Yes sir. Very true.
grow more tries where ever possible is the only solution..
@SupermanHotMale Ppl are so disconnected from the global problems and feel like a flea in a pasture. It's a tough problem.
human greediness is the only problem to copewith
Too late. Give up. Have a drink and watch us destroy the most beautiful gift we were given with greed.

These are records we can't keep breaking. We must work together to #ActOnClimate.
its normal earth cycle, tell the truth, its all propaganda
sounds nice but do you or anyone in US have the guts to act on factory farming? If not, isn't it a hollow appeal? #cowspiracy
you are nothing more than a liar !
what about Mars it's heating up to we must save it as well
Yeah!! Life in Hawaii is a lot better.
You cannot use 14 months of data to make conclusions on millions of years of climate.  Real data shows this is a normal cycle
2016 has been one of the coolest, wettest summers we've had in a long time where I live in the Oklahoma/Texas area.
So let's elect Bernie or Jill and actually get focused on something besides war, war more war another war and war.
No Nuclear, fossil fuel ,solar,wind,hydro,etc https://youtu.be/9oY1M3sk_bs 
&
https://youtu.be/OFDUZ7QyV7w 
&
You have not left only 20 dys in White House, you're talking about climate,go to your country in Africa and planted some trees
#ActOnClimate You could've done more by eliminating fossil fuel tax credits & subsides. Renewable energy now!
we need changes in the meat and dairy industries.
Omg! I get it now, Global warming made Hillary Clinton fall, or was it the guns?
more liberal bullshit
u, want action climate!~Canadian perspective?
you may leave the white house never our hearts, hope see you in Tunisia. Thank you we appreciate.
one of the best personality that humanity ever had, here in Tunisia we appreciate all you have done for our revolution
why do you lie so much?
@VAIPL 

Like you are at the NDPL right
now
temps are rising , but I think studies will show its root cause ongoing loss of green areas.  We need to stop urban sprawl
https://www.seas.harvard.edu/climate/eli/research/equable/cyclones.html …
These are records we can't keep breaking. We must work together to #ActOnClimate.
Libyan army is a red line ... Can you understand this sentence, Lord Obama?
sure..
@MichaelJackson - Earth Song

https://youtu.be/XAi3VTSdTxU 
http://www.sobeworkshop.com  Darling My...
Like you are in Syria!! with your track record the planet will be in a fireball within weeks
lets all leaders have the same fair reason like you
And that's why we have to vote for @DrJillStein #GOGREEN
holy shit Hussain it has been getting hotter since the ice age !!!!! Stupid and they did not have all these chem. in those days
Please build more helicopter to fires
When it's hot it's hot. Don't sweat it.
Slowly recovering from the Ice-Age are we?
The republicans are the only ones to believe there is no climate change. It must be for the love of money, or job or both.
Liar! Earth was much warmer (2.5 degC) 1000 yrs ago & like that for 3000 yrs. xcept couldn't make billions capping co2 cress
what exactly is the standard deviation for 1 temperature that represents the entire earth? #climateidiots
“Whoever recites the last two verses of Surat al-Baqarah at night, it will suffice him" (Sahih al-Bukhaari, Muslim)
elian gonzalez google it.
But still USA will bitch about it and never sign environment conservation treaties or honour them :D
Right on. Today in the UK is hottest in September for over 40 years. Something must be put right. Climate change is a reality.
mr Obama with all respect if US put some serious effort in stoping terrorism that wld b more enough 2 sav our beautiful earth
You couldn't even control the criminal Hillary.
But we're suppose to believe you can control the planet! Lol
300k researchers disagree
Possible solutions: stop traveling, polluting, buying unnecess plastic crap, eating out. Grow your own fruits and veg & B kind.
How Bizzare,he promotes religious diversity,but unity with CHARLATANS of climate change.
indeed, Earth has broken the record for hot air coming from the White House. The gov't's own web sites show GW is a myth.
tell me about, been in shorts since Dec...
Uh, climate is W E A T H E R.  Do no fuck with Mother Nature,.
if only you did something about it as the most powerful man in the world #ClimateJustice #GreenNewDeal
so very true!
mostly hot air
so incredibly stupid, unless of course you massage stats
its the responsibility of each and every humen for the safe and healthy humanity...
Yes, I agree it has been getting a lot warmer since you took office. All those plane trips you take are adding up.
I'm voting for Hillary Honest Clinton
Work together but don't bankrupt our countries, that would make things worse.
lol lol..just a cash cow for governments..the weather changes ALL the time..A PROVEN FACT..MAYBE WE TAKE ALL THE BS OUT OF WASH
We're still waiting for the scientific evidence that 200ppm CO2 in the atmosphere causes "global warming."
I think you have more important things to do with your time than talk about the weather. Defeat ISIS... Then we'll talk.
Hi
I feel that even if the scientific community had an off chance of being wrong, the risk of not acting is too great.
wait until you feel the temperature in Hell......
but where is the scientific proof that this is due to human actions, oh wait there is absolutely none
"Look, I am coming soon!" - Jesus (Rev. 22:7)
how about #ActonChicagoMurders.
- good for new englanders.  cheaper heating bills.
shut up
real love is also by spirit and white and black spirit makes grey. Color of spirit determines in formital action #notskin
Loves principle is based off eye color and in a better future brown and blue mix ends all racial biggetry
FRAUD GO AWAY
okay then get ur ass working on NODAPL global warming is caused from drilling oil
put me to work...this  earths destroyed many a civilization already
@SDzzz
You can not have climate control and let 25 millions illegals move here. its one or the other.
Seems to me you'd better be paying attention to North Korea, or we won't have a climate to worry about.
see
And then here in lies the fraud... #StopScammingAmerica http://bit.ly/2cjCcSy 
I am at a loss for words....as people we should simply not even recognize your comments ever again...pretend you never happened
In case you're dumber than u look or have shown us, u can't control the Sun or it's flucuations. Earth has been HOTTER B4 HUMNS
then why did you let London burn a mini city last week? Why do you hate the environment so? #ActOnClimate
and there is more snow in the Arctic circles than ever before so what's your point?
NEXT YR. IT MIGHT BE THE COOLEST. YOU DON`T CONTROL THE WEATHER. YOUR A JOKE. LOOK AT THE 50`S.
And it will probably get worse.
if your chemtrail planes stop spraying lethal chemicals,I guarantee you tempetures will go back to normal!!#stopchemtrails
I LOVE U
I LOVE U WHAT A COMMENT OBAMAJI I LIKE IT AND SIMULTANEOUSLY EXPRESS DEEP SORROW FOR 9/11
why men?
Does that include the " National Debt" record as well?.
It's either we're stopping ourselves, or the nature will stop us. 
#ActOnClimate
saving loads of oil tho
it was just as hot 8000 years ago
.@BarackObama Didn't you take Air Force One to go see a play in fucking New York? #ActOnClimate #YouFirstHypocrite
STOP JETTING AROUND THE GLOBE, YOU HAVE DESTROYED THE OZONE BY YOURSELF
kiss my ass
God created this world not man. Man is miniscule compared to what He has set in motion. GOD has this under control.
oh yeah yeah !!
Here you are #ActOnClimate
What you're doing isn't working; try not "healing the ozone" we know that works.
Myopia is why you are not a leader. You focus on special interest with depraved indifference for the attendant negative effects
what kind of narcissistic politician quotes himself on scientific issues instead of a climatologist or study of climatology?
You golfin while real niggaz are dying.
Show me the data behind that statement. Cause according to you the economy is recovered. Life for a nigga is worse than b4 u.
@ArnubGoswaami @isro @narendramodi I am sorry to ask WHO R RESPONSIBLE for this? Undoubtedly NOT INDIA
The Heatwave is killing us and now it is drought due of lack of rain. Am worry about my health due of strong Sun it affect all!
oh.for a minute I thought you where going to abide by laws.and release all records on hilary and S Arabia. Nope still dishonest
Mr.President, Yes I do agreed more than Cuzco I work as Ground Crew for Springfield Country Club in PA. The Weather conditions
When humans try to control nature they create other problems. Ozone is "healing" Earth's temp is rising. Admit you're clueless
Good ! Not all of us can fly to Hawaii for free when it's cold out!
4 more months and counting!
Ponzi Scheme. How much money will Obama make from this agenda?
Did you know that "Ozone itself is a greenhouse gas."?
Repairing the ozone is a major contributor to global warming.
just can't trust you and your group of lobbyists about anything lied so much to everyone
Did you know that "... the restoration of ozone over Antarctica might have negative effects on global warming."?
Stop pretending that any of these proposals will fix this rate of change, and work on active global cooling / climate control.
please reply to Tara L Edwards. With due respect Sir.
Mubarak Moslem fees van opoffering om my te kry Bro . Obama
@BarackObama
Sir, which companies would you choose for COLORADANS to apply?
thank you!
Ryan/McConnell take salaries to serve us but back polluters who are  killing our planet, HEY, you too have no where else to go
I'm going to miss you...a lot 
but Trump said it was a hoax... I hate him big lier
It was within your power to change the race narrative; you didn't; it's not within your power to control the weather; why lie?
Well Hussein if you keep your LIBERAL LYING mouth shut the planet will COOL down!
Unless you have another plan or empirical evidence that human being can change the weather we have no reason to listen to you.
be the change! https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=574507386066943&id=100005230591513 …
What it says is that nothing you have done has had any affect. Either you're not doing the right thing or it can't be stopped.
practice what u preach.
don't preach to us when u dump thousands of gallons of fuel into the environment when u fly.
2012 the Worlds ENDED!
Whatever hotness experienced resulted from the Hells, UNLEASHED!
The Earth's CORE is!
#ActOnClimate
These are lies you can't keep telling.
You also forgot that Boston and Cleveland won Championships and then there was deflate gate caused by global warming.
Purely silly,scientist said we would be out of oil and food forty years ago..
until the US, China and Russia sort this out things will get worse not better.
liar liar liar
.@BarackObama Repugnican response: There you "liberals" go again: you just don't want our capitalist-predator sponsers to milk the stupid!
So stop endless debt spending!
earth will keep on breaking its all time records of highest temperatures as we@humans keep on increasing earth's damage
with Hillary in poor shape/ No Biden..and Trump..I can't imagine anyone having a problem with a 3rd go-round--xcept you..lol
sir well done
happy eed عيد مبارك
douche
di scarce
