merci
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
Je suis de Grenoble, bonsoir Monsieur le président je vous admire, depuis votre première élection. Grand merci
, Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
@BarackObama
Thanks very much!!! I Really miss you president Barack Obama and first Lady Michelle Obama in 
malia Obama Sasha Obama I love you guys so much!!!


Hm
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
Hahaha healthcare is free in many countries in the world . And your asking people to pay ?
Heath insurance,  you own stock in pharmaceutical,  he hates snake oil,  pushing he screams you had to put Mulocks system up in thy craddle thy apple of my eye.
I like you.
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
146% premium increase You promised $2500 in premium savings but instead mine increased by $8568
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
Ok Mr. Obama , great job. God bless you.
hi
noice
obama sir i m indian muslim i want job in ur comp. can i plzzz
thank you for all that you have done for our country.
I love you and the First Lady Michelle Obama . You guys were great a class act. Thanks to you I watched my first inarguration.
I am happy
Not a chance Bozo.
can't afford it!
can't afford it.
Follow CUBA -THE best Health Care and it doesn't carry Fidel de Castro's name .
As a male, a man, how do I #GetCovered for contraceptives? Your law FAILS to require coverage for men = to women's coverage.
الله اكبر

I'll see bad news for his cabinet Te! Corrupt  people! Want to prosecute Hellery Clinton! Damn Juliana coronet man!
we are ungrateful so God gave us disaster TRUMP! We deserve!!already full of his disaster people from Washington !!!
with Trump in office I will lose my health insurance. Thanks Mr. President 4 Obamacare thanks for all you have done
shame shame what a scam.
Thanks to Hillary my sister calls me deplorable. Sad.
Yup.sir our health is important for our family.
Does Obama and Congress have this health coverage? Hell, NO!
Forced enrollment!!!
@seanhannity can you believe the nerve of this guy sean? Still flogging obamacare, it's disgusting!
biggest con and rip off
repeal and replace
what are you smoking.....cant afford the AFFORDABLE CARE ACT
not if you have a living wage it's not working for us....
You Rock Thanks 4 surviving clown show.
ok mr prezzo
Yes saved my life !!!!
sorry, can't afford it. I'd rather be able to eat and have shelter. Thanks for playing
very bad job

forget open enrollment, FIRE James Comey for putting his thumb on the scale!!!
http://pnhp.org 
Your still trying to run that she'll game on the American people. Give it up Barry. We don't want it!
before you cancel Obama Care check other ins.c if what u have now will b cheaper make sure ask about pre-exisiting and copay
hey
not perfect but HRC will revise it if you let her.
you fucking kidding me or whattt!!!!!
And now that U LIED about KNOWING OF HELLARY'S SECRET SERVER, I am wondering if U also ENRICHED YOURSELF with the Moroccan Deal
U said Hellary is WICKED SMART! Yeah, she left TENS OF THOUSANDS of people in Florida without a job while she ENRICHED HERSELF!
Are you insane? You should be trying to fix that.
@Pratap061061 
Sir you Are great
no one has or wants this over priced shitty insurance, what a joke.  Total failure to complete the objective of affordable care
you sign up first and Congress.
great
is it for American only
i hope you're happy at whats been going on in north dakota! You're just another liar. Your promises dont mean shit!

Need second job to pay premiums and deductibles. Biggest lie in history. Everyone that voted for you should pay for all others
sounds great
Indeed my friend
OBAMACARE built on lies by liars......if this is such a damn good plan....WHY DID THE DEMOCRATS SAY THEY WANTED NO PART OF IT AND OPTED OUT?
zmzomba
I love Barack Obama
nice
job well done.
wish we could afford it....
Look past the premium page. Too many aren't taking income into account.  My OC is fine!
get the Indian nations help in north Dakota, save our fresh water!
l bless you for offering Obama care.
I <3 everything you stand for, but I'm a single mother working 2 jobs (60 hrs/wk) and my daughter's insurance just tripled. 1/4
signing up for  this was the best thing to happen to us!
so glad my daughter was able to get coverage. Thank you
i wish best my right man.God bless you.
thanks Mr president
@POTUS how do u expect a F/T college student who interns unpaid 2 pay $429 med ins? I hv 2 pay which puts my bills behind. Thx
My Advice To All Is To Wait Till The Election Is Over Before U Pay Any Premiums. Donald Trump Will Win The Presidency,
too much big government trying to tell me what's best for me.  You have no clue!  You've been on the gov payroll too long
My Advice To All Is Wait Until This Election Is Over Before U Start Paying Any Premiums. Donald trump Will Win The Presidency
you idiot you have made it impossible to purchase.  You have gotten rid of competition in favor of single pay.
If you have loved ones' don't enroll them in a losing cause, save them the trouble and cost.
Please tell me where I can find affordable health insurance?
#NotAffordable
I have truly enjoyed your presence and intelligence in the White House which along with your presence will surely be missed..
سيدي الرئيس الحوثيين تمادو كثيرآ وأذا لم يتوقفو عن تهديد اليمن والدول المجاورة مثل المملكة العربية السعودية هناك خيارين اما الصلح وأما
Hilary the winner
yes I do have health insurance, its called the NHS in the UK
It's way too expensive.
Hello: Always tell people you told the truth on extremely difficult subject, Doubt any of the critics could do your job.
I used to be 100% covered then was drop quick when Obama care roll in to town now I gotta pay 100.% my self thanks pal.
You mean I can get this service too? Thanks,Mr President.
thank you Sir.
TY for Obama care. If it is broken because the congress waste time trying to repeal instead of making it better. DO YOUR JOBS!
just got my new rate with a jump of 30%! Why are we not on a single payer plan! Why are we making insurance co. rich?
REPEAL, REPEAL, REPEAL!!
A
osamacare, what a joke. In what Muslim country is this program funding your vacation home.
can no longer say "forget it", I'll just save up in case I need medicals or I will get fined. FUCK OBAMACARE
premiums for my small business have jumped $376 per month, all co-pays are up – $60 for specialist, $40 primary. Deductibles up
in idaho falls we have no jobs hundreds of applicants for 1 job opening 10hr at best around here how can we afford it
thanks to u yes
Nice work hon Obama
Thank you
yes sir
SUCH A LIAR!!! Get out of our WHITE HOUSE!
without Obamacare I'd be dead today. You have my every gratitude.
affordable my ass!

No one can afford it! Copays and huge deductibles are killing Americans! You are a failure!
Will we be able to afford the plan we like to keep #GetCovered ?
email the to Weiner. As soon as Huma finds him he will need it
haaaaaa
you made a law were people could refinance houses but many people can't refinance ,for bad credit and this is just confusing

having insurance is useless if you can really only use it if you have a major problem.
Right. How about giving me that$2,500 savings now!!
I need some
can't afford it buddy I only make a good salary. Need to be rich for your coverage
A real man votes Trump.
CAN'T Afford it
by the way are you going to help chicago. 17 dead 42,wounded over the weekend
Really? And pay double of what I paid last year?
OPEN ENROLLMENT TO RIP YOU OFF STARTS NOVEMBER 9
Obamacare is an intentionally failed joke.
your insurance is failing us. Stop treating the people like idiots!
This plan doesn't consider those who seek alternative therapies and also isn't affordable for middle class.
it's unaffordable because of after 1st of the year! Thanks 4 nothing n good riddance
I was laid off last year, and me & my diabetic husband were SO THANKFUL to have Obamacare instead of COBRA. Saved lots!!
Already covered. Thank you!
http://www.proedu.co.in 
This is good iam admiring to this
jai ho
No thanks Obummer!
http://www.Proedu.co.in 

Replying to Barack Obama
