Nobody believes a word you say, #LiarInChief
you don't have to 'believe' it. Look at the figures. It's a fact.
Figures show the opposite :)
citation? Link?
All over the place. Check my timeline for last coupla days if you're really interested
Nevermind. Deficit down from $1.413T to $474B. Unemployment down from 7.8% to 4.7%. Uninsured rate down from 22.3% to 11%. Wow.
The Missing Part of the Unemployment Story
6.5% is still lower than 7.8%. The argument stands. Not that this article is anything to go by.
Keep up the good work
I love your record. It saved us, brought growth, stability & safety to the US. We'd have NONE of those - McCain, Romney had won
Yeah right, and if you like your plan you can keep you plan, your healthcare costs will go down. You need to get out already.
I love & respect President Obama. Don't care who disagrees! I will miss him 
Querido presidente usted es una persona censata salve a colombia y a Venezuela de esos tiranos usted puede ,intentelo Dios teve
Will miss you greatly Mr. President! 
that's because you stole jobs and insurance. Federal deficit has only worsened! TRASH!!!
8 Trillion more in debt and skyrocketing.
I guess we can say "Thanks Obama!!!" 
Another lie.
@gregstevens Raise our federal debt 10 trillion dollars and you have the GALL to say our federal deficit is down.
Biggest contributor to that sum was extension of Bush Tax cuts. U saying he shouldn't have cut taxes? SOCIALIST!
I'll have a witty retort for that once I organize my notes.
Yes, You have done well !!!. I loved it that you were given a second chance to implement all you planned.Remain God-fearful.
why do not your statistics support your lies? Go to the south side of Chicago and ask anyone of us are we better off today?
this is pure fiction.. why do u lie non stop.. a MILLION Muslims now.. u know in 25 years it will be 10 t o 15 million..
radical Islam up. Thanks for that.
Better only by Obama's lies.
that is so untrue Barry. You must have failed math in school.... Am I right?
many lies like change climate and many others things
if everyone quits working and goes on welfare with your formula we would have 0% unemployment rate and #oblama-care is bankrupt
until you can show the federal debt going down,I'll remain unimpressed. Country is headed for bankruptcy with your leadership.
are you serious?
. More LIES!
There is no way to truly know whether unemployment is down. Keep dreaming Obama!
Obamacare is a joke! I know quit a few people that can't afford it and they have to pay penalties! This is outrageous!
Ha! The only reason the rate of the uninsured has gone down is because you are forcing people into coverage!
- Hello Mr. President  Obama. I just signed up with Twitter today.  You are my first Tweet. I would like to meet you.
Obama lies again about economy. Facts,state the opposite!
huh?? So the most durable economy in the world is owned by China?  Wow Barry that's an interesting way to look at things.
You are my  favorite leader of the world. You are doing well for the American people as well as the world.
congratulations
you left out two important words: "In Fantasyland"
Keep saying that, it won't work. We know we are not working, we know that we don't have money to pay our bills, WE KNOW it all
WHAT A LOAD OF CRAP
sad that you have to leave office. Thank You for your work.
I filled against the VA with OIG. The report was buried. Under your watch, OIG does this to vets.
Michigan allows vets to use Medicaid. That should be true in all states and not expire
Ask vets still getting billed for health care on some technicality how well you are doing?
If I, a former army doc, cant get my VBA claim through, where does that leave guys who barely passed high school.
If VBA lies to block service connection and is caught, what penalty will you demand? None? VBA informant available.
Ask the homeless veterans if you Obama are doing a great job.
I was an army doc now unemployed by disability. Whats my income loss? Where is justice for me.
where is justice for vets if the VA and VBA get things wrong for years?
VBA denies claims to service connect using lies and misuse of regs. I emailed the WH a whistle blower repeatedly to no avail.
Average of 1 homeless female veteran and 100,000 others in each county and you dont demand housing?
Really?Coward!  Isis is contained ...Right?
you are very wrong
crooked numbers
Pure bull crap, horse crap, bat crap. This is all bullshit
@realDonaldTrump  Will root out the Jihad you have placed in the Government. He will uncover your crimes and put you away!
i believe that when im able to find jobs as i did when i was younger. Ind able to walk on real streets not warzone like streets
Seriously? You really expect us to believe this one? ROFL at the pure stupidity of this current Administration.
deficit is at 19 trillion! Jobs rate down cause people stopped looking, stop fudging the numbers to make you look good
what?
Islamic terrorism
I hope the American people dropping Harley
Malignant Obama
America in the wind
watch  America be lost
@areyou0 
Wages - down
Benefits - down
Savings - down
You are extremely disconnected from reality.  Our deficit is $19,230,634,229,070.00!!!!!!!! Are you taking medicine? LIAR
At the cost of thousands of innocents
@BarackObama
not true, China's economy is stronger than ours
Facts do matter unless your s Rep or Trumper. Facts are facts thank you President Obama..
workforce participation down household income down nation debt up.  Oops
your an idiot. Unemployment rate is sky high. Obamacare is a failure. We are 19 trillion in debt and climbing.
@BarackObama
Seriously, have you seen a psychiatrist? You need a reality check!
According to Obama, the Obama economy is the best.
LOOKS LIKE MEXICO! SICK!
Insurance with a 20,000$ deductible is no insurance
@june_bueno @DebraMessing
. I wish you could come rule my country for just 365days. Well done Mr.Obama
are you crazy Barack come on man be real this country is in big trouble.  You have destroyed this countries economy,worst prez
Nobody believes a word you say ，now it's China's showtime
there is an illusion that we changed nothing's changed from when I was collecting food stamp 8 years ago#stillneedajob
not for black people. So you endorsed Clinton being investigated by FBI rigged election your legacy no respect!!
@BarackObama
Isn't the overall employment of Americans at 62 percent an ALL time low?
I need a Presidential Special order to get a Brazilian wax.
---LIES, NOTHING BUT LIES, BUT YOUR GOOD AT TELLING LIES.
Oh nearly forgot...Reduce Gun deaths, No. Blimey you really are a  president. Now turn the lights off on your way out.
Was it a conscious decision to style yourself on Morgan Freeman in a disaster movie?
Also New Orleans rebuilt, No. Detroit restored to a manufacturing powerhouse, No. Homeless rehomed, No. What exactly did u do?
You left out uncontrolled debt Up!
38000 JOBS. GREAT JOB. WHERE ARE WE LIVING KENYA?
pure bullshit. #ObamaIsFullOfShit
JOBS..IRAN..ECONOMY.MILITARY..BENGAZI..OBAMCARE...YEA REALLY GREAT GOD'S JUDGMENT COMING 4YOU 
no matter how you spin it,  middle class is hurting, you protect your staffers who should be in jail, you couldn't be unbiased
just like Mexico jajaja @richvasan
-LIES! We've had the WORST Economy since you've been dictator-in-chief!
awesome  :)
LIESSSS
obama your delusional and in denial!!
open and transparent, right MR PRES=open and transparent no spin, that is what U promised. But NOT what U delivered!
don't forget low gas prices. Remember when GOP blamed potus when prices were around $4/gal. Now silence is deafening #hypocracy
DID a great job even with constant opposition from the GOP in congress and the senate
@BarackObama
Proud of your accomplishments.  Gotta keep Trump out no so we continue to go in the right direction
You are a failed admin. Low paying jobs! Top Socialist in America. You destroyed us economically! Hillary needs to be in JAIL!
of course. I'm jealous.
God bless you President Obama! Best wishes from County Louth Ireland. Hope Hillary is the next President of the USA.
you treasonous, evil thing.
why have you not spoken out against #CrookedHillary ? She is a CRIMINAL
federal debt is out of control, you will be known in history as the worst POTUS ever and you could have made such a difference
#Obamacare is a financial disaster.
the entire post is lies. Do you think everyone is ignorant to the condition of our country?
what the hll??
is the american p.m
What comic book did you fact check those outrageous claims?
Then how is that every job I apply 4 from CO to LA has 40 to 150 applicants per opening?  Never seen anything like it b4.
I agree the liar in chief!  Rate is more like 10%.factor in the pt seeking ft & those who have given up.
And much more my President. Time will tell you are one of the best in the White House.
@jeffmossberg lol
Don't worry. #TPP can turn that around.
I #pay 4 BCBS #ACA $711 mthly cannot afford why so much?Husband severely hurt at #work #Disability #American Airlines $46th yr
Yes it is best in the #World But #Middleclass is deleting #Rich are not sharing w #Employees! #propertytaxes extremely high
#ACA beingcorruptedby nonprofit InsuranceCos #tripledRates #CopayAstro$$ cantAfordDr CanOnlyPayIns or irsPenalty
Wow, your drinking your own Kool-Aid. You made us weaker, and you know it.
Fairy Tale ?.Obama is the Worst President we ever had
hi sir im steve have talent of making video or directing can u help me sir
A rare blend of dynamism,restraint,power,integrity , chivalry,experiment & experience,indeed an effortless genuine role model
As far as my understanding of America's Presidency is concerned , Mr. Obama is certainly d most poised and efficacious of them.
paid after he leaves office. Pat yourself on your back a little more.
price to pay for that choice when rates are allowed to go to a reasonable level. I am sure Obama would prefer that price to be
the people that may be hurt by this. The fed has kept the rate close to 0 during this entire administration. There will be a
and the election, so , like in 2012, manipulate the numbers to get the Fed Res to do what they think will help Hillary. Screw
This is not the first time they have done this. They did in 2012. You see, a rate increase might hurt the economy between now
Now I am reading that this wonderful administration has manipulated the jobs numbers to limit the chance of a rate increase.
YOUR JUDGMENT DAY IS COMING..YOU VIOLATED GOD'S LAW'S FOR POLITICAL GAIN..WELL TRUMP IS SHATTERING ALL THE MESS U MADE 
YOU THINK GODS HASN'T SEEN YOUR VIOLATION THE WORD OF GOD..HOW YOU DESECRATED WHT HSE WITH RAINBOW LIGHTS 
WHEN YOUR FIRED IN NOVEMBER BY TRUMP DON'T STEAL THE FURNITURE BELONGS TO THE GOVERNMENT..MR LOSER COWARD OBAMA
PLEASE COME OUT TO FIGHT TRUMP..HE'LL KNOCKED YOUR LIGHTS OUT CAUSE YOUR HALF A MAN...NO INTEGRITY..OR COURAGE 
TRUMP IS NEXT PRESIDENT..THEN USA WILL HAVE THE GREATEST ECONOMY IN THE WORLD..YOU'VE DESTROYED It..MR MUSLIM OBAMA
YEAH RIGHT WHO BELIEVES YOUR LIES.HYPOCRITE WE SEE THE POVERTY .UNEMPLOYMENT VETERANS NO HELP..TRUMP WILL FIXED ALL YOUR ERRORS
please support Sanders... For the people,and our future.
most ppl I know work their asses off and cant afford living w/o rmmates within 1hr from work,in NY, a pillar of durable economy
very good...I'm ready...mr.president.best regards...
