PROTECT AMERICA FROM GOP & TRUMP!!
he can't do anything but HOPE like the rest of us, trump can't win with only the white male bigot vote, it's all he appeals to

these immigrants and there children become all sorts of things, like doctors and scientists, you think otherwise?
Get a sense of humor LIBERAL. I'm 1st (Italy) and 2nd (Germany) generation here and I'm an engineer and an inventor
exactly and if your ancestors were kept from immigrating due to them being labeled as Fascist you wouldn't be here
My family came here LEGALLY, through Ellis Island, NOT sneaking over the border &  wasting my taxpayer money by the LIBERAL Govt
and the gov. that put the tax dollars to help your fam immigrate was liberal under FDR, taking in Eur. Refugees

nice plain ta.. ki sundar

http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …
President, the Lord, the Lord, the Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health, happiness, goodbye, goodbye, good morning, good night
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас , мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда
Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse , la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見

Immagine that a bomb tearing ur daughter body as many Syrian children are have been torn since 2011,isn't painful ?!!
Yeah Obama, and you're part of the problem flying AF1 to play golf.

our wonderful president still on the job dispite Trump may have the opportunity to f/u up the world you'll be missed
we need to be leading this
we know the causes and we know what actions to take but can we harness greed ?

This is great progress. I just hope we had started earlier to keep our only habitat alive!
of course it will save Syrians from genocide.
congratulations it should be done by ur efforts now we look ahed paris agreement.#yes we can
#سلام
, @Cambio16 fights against climate change:
BrackObama is great leader of world.
gud work
من الجيد أن يحرص العالم على الحد من التلوث بأي ملوثات بيئية
مشكورين
这是件好事情
wow thanks
WE ARE IN CONTROL OF CONGRESS! THIS IS THE END OF ELECTRONIC HARASSMENT! ALL TARGETED INDIVIDUALS WILL BE LIBERATED!
hk
Climatedeal aviation will not help preventing global warming at http://all.Read  my research in Dutch newspaper TROUW tomorrow
Aviation climate deal will not help prevent global warming at all. Read my research in Dutch newspaper TROUW tomorrow.
US Being the highest abuser of environment, u force othr countries to reduce carbon footprint to help Ur pvt companies
Americans are not worried about this . They want help right now not for the future that they will not be here for
a little attention towards less arms trading too? Just like carbon pollution, arms are harmful to ones health.
protect tree..  So we can protect our future
Awesome  great job. Mr. President why is Bernie not heard more on the campaign trail?
@henryfountain and drove up ticket prices 300%.  Idiot
If you like your pollution, you can keep your pollution. Deal good for a day, PERIOD
BIG BROTHER HELLO .....

please do it...
i will celebrate the devil eill finally be dead
please please pretty pleases end ur own life
Outstanding!  Thank you, Mr. President.
#ActOnClimate thid is good. However there is a need to reduce air travel, and drastically.
@henryfountain   Does it include limits on Air Force I and how much it is in the air spread harmful fumes?
Now let's see them actually meet their commitments.
Everything you touch cost us more money. Guess airfare will skyrocket now. YOU SORRY P.O.S.!!!!
.
@MaryTableForOne @nytimes said Obama from his 747 Jumbo Jet!
i'm just glad climate change is being addressed who cares if obama was the one who tweeted about it
Mr President, is there anything that can be done to contain the oil burnt by ISIS in Iraq. Climate Change concern.
Good news was a long time coming should have been prioritized. What positive steps are being made?
http://TheTasksPay.com/?user=215382 
Very good job.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dGJIB5cO0cQ …
There goes the cost of flying leaving the poor on the ground. Like the cost of electricity No money for food. Great job
@henryfountain is that before or after you and Michelle take separate jets for vacationing
#worstpresidentever

#worstpresidentever 

#worstpresidentever 

#worstpresidentever 

#worstpresidentever
and yet South Carolina is still under water
about time you quit flying around campaigning for Hillary. How about working for a change?
yeah the 17th century was awesome.
While Russia threatens war, this is what you do? @HillaryClinton is right...no hand on the tille.
frm November ur leaving office bt the problem u hve created in M.East will last unresolved
You are generalizing all the presidential actions with the actions of just one president.
prlm in M.East began longer ago bt Obama admnstration proved 2 be disastrous nd I predict it will get worse
China, Russia, India on that list?
سيدي الرئيس .
دخان عربات النقل أكثر شيء من بعد  المصانع يمكن أن تؤذي البيئة
@henryfountain If Bill Clinton had a Son, he would look just like Barack Obama. OH WAIT!
:world must reach a landmark:speak:against atrocities being committed by India.Killing thousands of people in Kashmir.
bravo,c'est bien pour la planète, il faut que tout le monde c'est mettre encore bravo, salut.
Yet we can't get mandatory recycling in most mid-size US cities. Next steps? Thoughts?
and @realDonaldTrump wouldn't have attended the conference without a roll out red carpet and Putin nuts in his mouth
you will be remembered for your excellent work
bien, es siempre  bueno saber que vamos  por buen camino, digo yo un saludo  para usted y los suyos
This is wonderful news. It will make a huge difference. Thank you so much for your efforts.
this is good effort to save environment
No one will enforce it. Similar to your red line.
But Obama has it so he (not the rest of US) can increase carbon pollution as much as he wants
how much does America have to pay in carbon tax for you to jet around in Air Force one ,China gonna stop? No
@henryfountain Gore and Dicaprio parking the private jets for good?
as you tool around from one golf course to another in AF1? GTFO with your garbage, punk! @nytimes
Now gunna increase regs on aircraft  tickets go up then Fewer ppl can afford 2 fly. Fuck you Obama #VOTETRUMP #TRUMP

Come forth and help us #SaveShabirBaloch, A Baloch political leader in #PakArmy torture cells, Plz sign the petition
https://www.change.org/p/ban-ki-moon-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-save-shabir-baloch-a-student-abducted-by-pakistan-security-forces-in-balochistan?recruiter=609401711&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=twitter&utm_campaign=share_twitter_responsive … 
What is the outcome of the so called deal..??
that's great sir!!!
good to hear hopeful new now and again!
The probles is that most of those countries will not enforce the restrictions and our planet continues to deteriorate
oops sorry I got the date wrong. yawwnZzzzzz 2021 Nothing will change. Hey How about U close #Gitmo,U know, Like You PROMISED!!
that is good but why do our politicians and rich use so much oil-why I like oil is green is too much $-make green afordable
your climate control
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do.freezing the account,remitted back to the UnitedStates,

stop using the state machinery for political campaigns of hillary
Climate change is not more important than dealing with isis!!!
What about this constant pollution across the planet?
that us good
WATCH IT WILL BE ANOTHER INTERNATION FLOP. ASIAN COUNTRIES AND INDIA AREN`T GOING TO PAY ATTN. NEITHER IS RUSSIA. IT JUST SOUND
great deal BS, no sanctions for not following.!!!!!!! India and China greatest pollution contributed.

tum sath ho jo apne dunya ko dikha dege hum mot ko jine ke andaj shikha dege
imma miss u man
45 yrs of rascism & failure is too long. #EndTheDrugWar #Liberty #LegalizeIt #EndTheLies #EndGovtProfiteering
#stoparmingsaudi before u leave your office and the history will register this 4 u ; otherwise ALLAH the Good will ask u !!?
: Your double standards on terrorism will cost this world heavily. #TerrorStatePakistan @POTUS  @nytimes
stuff it in your solar plexis...you are a traitor to the USA
wow
pollution from airplanes is what we agreed upon? 190 countries, how about world peace, then you can post about that!
@i m Muslim not trerist
obama Müslüman larla oynama pkk daeş çakma papa fetö ye Destek verip kaçma Arkasında  ABD ALMANYA FRANSA Destekliyor?
well a welcome development to all
mr. President, you have made me proud from the first day I ever heard your name. Thank you
https://www.yogananda-srf.org/ 
.@BarackObama you and your nazi ukrainian friend did a lot against aviation pollution #MH17
#Blackmail #WhoMadeTheCall?
@henryfountain that's a huge deal. Thank you Mr. President. Thank you.
I thought climate was invented by the Chinese? @realDonaldTrump
Excellent work Sir!
Why don't u show your videos of showing ur erection to female reports @cnn & ur pu$$y & ribs video.
thtz great but u dont even seen ny request
hiiiiii
shm

the Warriors blew a 3-1 lead
Get rid of student loans before you leave big bruh @BarackObama
Those are some serious dreadlocks, well done very impressive! 
hao :)
South Africans & Palestinians been exposed to the same inhumane treatments. This is Apartheid. #Israel
and Trump will do whatever it take to bring apartheid to America
