Where the rights of children Tags for what is working Saudi Arabia children of Yemen
Don't know if you're aware of:-@EFittonBrown (embassy in Yemen) 
& @UnaDiscamus 
@MohammedalKibsi 
@Amjad_khatabi
UK Embassy and Ambassador are based in Saudi Arabia unfortunately
That is scandalous!  He should be in the middle of Sana'a!
They knew in advance that KSA is to wage war on Yemen so they left.
Of course they did! 
They sell the weapons to KSA and then watch
true. Being in Saudi Arabia even their statements always in favor of KSA.
Yes I've noticed.
They only care about the oil and the money!
CBC h cud UNCG civic j Fifi I fur titi t I titi Fifi yogi yogi gigot I r f RR tidy RU f RR e Dr t RR s e r e r e r e r e Drok
@SarahThompsonSF @OlgaCollette Yes thry Can!
tell Ginsburg to retire.  Then the #SCOTUS can resume its job.
you are 100 % correct Mr President
Because you have never done your job. Why is it so important to get a Constitution hating judge in their? Your a coward to not
Don't worry. We're gonna try to fire them all
@APPropst why hasn't a new supreme court justice been elected yet?
Please make sure you are reading an article each week not just commenting on a picture.
@ollison2 Sir please have faith in your flock.
Not to late to put Hillary on trial
with 9 Democratic judges, u can do anything u want.
You behave like Satan's helper allowing KILLER-COPS to ROMAN YOUR COUNTRY in YOUR-PRESIDENCY AND AINT DID A DAM THING BOUT IT!
Mr President, perhaps they don't want to make it. Appeal to their better nature.
we need more than 9 justices all constitutionalists the country is too big to have 9 people deciding our fate
Oh shut up already
answer me personally on this. You have no manliness about you. You run from the media that ask questions and ignore the rest..
The Big Corporations that own the GOP are terrified that Citizen United will be overturned if a democrat selects the nxt SCJ
truth is this boy is a victim of ur weakness and u financing Asad when u financed Iran. You are on it!
letting you chose the next justice would doom this nation to fools like you
well sounds like them Republicans got us in quite a pickle one nation under God under God not man now bring in supernatural lvu
@BarackObama
uh no. Bad pick.
Give the next president the choice. You are at the end of a great golfing career - don't blow it now.
may god bles usa, but the law and democracy, actualy mr presdent countinue to lead-up america
If pro is the opposite of con,what is the opposite of progress?
you have so much  work cutout ahead of you after the presidency. Hopefully you will do better than amass $$$$$$$!!!!
The only ones left defending my rights are the Senators who don't let you run the rest of the nation into the mud. Answer me!
US budget cut easy fix just give the US Senators, Congressmen & US President etc payroll cuts! Give em pay AD soldier receives
preferably 9 bleeding heart liberals.
, what we need is a different POTUS, one that doesn't believe as doesTom Ayers and preacher Wright.
they are a-holes, and holding up this country to move ahead...i thought we were a democracy, I think Trump is paying off pep's?
Down! Stop trying ro bully your way Obama !
#obam4SCOTUS
if Hilary wins it can happen in November!
Agreed Mr President!  He needs to be approved ASAP
Those Senators R there just 2 collect a paycheck, N they're complaining abt poor pple who R collecting welfare. How convenient!
Down
@GOP Justice for Barack!
...je peux pas en parler ...sur tweeters
Hi Barack, great president  Going to miss you. Will you please follow me on Twitter ? It would mean a lot to me.
They will not because they know it's the Right Thing To Do! They haven't done that for some time now!
If they don't confirm Garland I would nominate Barack Obama immediately and without reservation
try to talk on kashmir issue and killing in kashmir also.
Is there a list of those impeding the process?
so many #unworthy senators Mr President. Z more u win, z more bitter they become! #SCOTUS #Justice #44 #USA
We need to get rid of the Supreme Court as they are only political and not following to law as written
FOCUS ON #ClintonCorruption Remember? You're not far behind. #ImpeachObama #TimeForYouToLeave
I agree Mr. President. Time to vote either way. Just do it...
Eight is good! Another liberal corrupt lawyer not needed. BORK Garland. No Garland 2016
How about we impeach one of the liberal justices. That would give us a 4-3 court.
This is one of the many reasons why Republicans will be replaced Nov 8!  No more obstruction of the president and justice.
great depression type problems just with people alike all these bigots and bias police policies
because you are a failure in Chief!
these laws are only binding together a small remnant before major clashes once these fail the whole country declines
senators not because keeping laws for forsaking them
see the rhetoric surrounding senate now man senators lack respect and discipline in America
Sorry, they are employing the "Biden Rule" !!
#FreemanEstatesHalifaxVA needs JUSTICE dor stolen land.
@BarackObama
.u the best.u got good heart.we love u.we worrie from the idiot trump to distroy usa
If i don't do my job, (for far less money) I get fired.. Time for those Senators to lose their jobs!
again the x generation leaders don't understand compromise
We thing ? you com again as President  Helmut Hoedt
legalize it already!
Most of your decisions have been shit! Republicans are wisely not allowing you to get your way!
n bc u won't do ur job blacks continue to be held down n kept under ur thumb
will your tweets yours?
can't someone just replace them with people who do their job? who's paying them to do nothing?
go speak in Milwaukee and help those people out sir
It's PAYBACK TIME for all Republicans that defied us on Garland, we can dump all 24 Republicans coming up for election in 2016
we were doing perfectly well with 7 before FDR packed the court.
No Let Congress not act. Hillary will win landslide and she will then pick more progressive Justices.. LOVE TRUMPS HATE
America can heal the world and you have done a great job Sir!..https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10209875733598833&set=p.10209875733598833&type=3&theater …
I have such respect for you. My States senators embarrass me deeply. I very much want you to be able to appoint a new Justice
do u sir, leave your country in better hands. Better conditions, sure, but better hands?
; your are the problem.
@bellatrova supported 100%.
NO more liberal judges on Supreme Court!
Sir no electricity connection in piyush height sector 89 faridabad. India
Please help us to getting electricity connection.
give it up, Barry. Do you know where Shasha is? Y'all burning one?
R O M A N S 13:1-7
--YOU are supposed to be a leader, but you won't lead. You'd rather play golf. Very poor President, and I prayed for you.
# stop whining
Why don't you make it right and rescind the nomination for a less than deserving candidate? @BarackObama
bahaha lmbo at all the fake comments. How much does the dnc pay these clowns again? I could use some extra cash.
never Islamic terrorist Obama's pick...
@MattMurph24 GOP will be sad they didn’t when Hillary gets in and nominates @BarackObama for the bench #DreamScenario
because the same Sentors and congressmen ha not done their job you r still there
Dude. It ain't gonna happen. Give it a rest already. Enjoy your last tax payer funded vacation.
Yeah, it's too late. After watching you put the fix in for Hillary, there's not much public support for much you want to do.
it is NOT their job to give you everything you want.
Why so hurry? Don't you have all the faith and confidence on Hillary? Lol.
let trump do that you need to deal with shit in Milwaukee man your ass up and let national guard kick ass
Chuck Schumer told President Bush GO POUND SAND when Bush made a SCOTUS choice near the end of his second term. GO POUND SAND!
@congressdotgov fire all Republicans for not doing their job in finalizing Supreme Court justice. Elections are coming!
that if they aren't too busy to crawl up to the new nominees and their cohordes.
@SpeakerRyan #DoYourJob
HOW MANY TIMES HAVE YOU MADE THINGS RIGHT FOR THEM @BarackObama? HOW MANY TIMES HAVE YOU MADE THINGS RIGHT FOR #SYRIA, #IRAQ, #EUROPE #USA?
you should follow @POTUUS he is as funny as you.
: a legacy PresO would be moving congress to appoint another SCOTUS judge= NOT PASSING TPP
The Republicans won't budge. Completely irresponsible, bordering on treason.
PARK GEUN HYE COMMUNIST GOVT,THE WORDS AND ACTIONS COMPLETELY DIFFERENT,I HOPE TO FINISH SAFELY UFG EXERCISE
SO,PARK GEUN HYE GOVT MUST CHANGE,THAAD DEPLOY SEEMS POSSIBLE
CHEONGGYE SQUARE IN  FRONT,THAAD DEPLOY APPROVAL WAS FREEDOM CITIZEN SIGNATURE CAMPAIGN,THE POLICE CRACKDOWN HAS ALREADY LOOK
Great to think it might be their last job before they get voted out for not doing anything to help our Great Country!
AMERICAN FLAG DISAPPEARED FROM THE GWANGHWAMUN
HELLO,PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA! MY COUNTRY'S 71TH: INDEPENDENCE DAY,SHOUTING UNIFICATION,IT WAS COMMIE PARADISE__
WE NEED NINE!!!
Pres. Bush was excoriated for not being present in NO after Katrina. Yet you ignore the plight of Wisc. rioting & LA. flooding
watch out the New Democratic socialist party coming in to appoint life long term judges
We have to vote out Grassley and the Republicans.  They don't want to work anyway!  Let's vote in some Dem's who want to work!
give up
Dude you can forget that as many wrongs as you have did them and you expect them to help you out?
why you don't do your job for  8 yrs so you don't get to pick
WE SURE DONT WANT YOURS!!!!!!
how in the world did I end up following this idiot! 3.2.1 unfollow!
great
OMG stop moaning.  Not gonna happen
No to Garland!  He is ANTI 2nd Amendment LIBERAL out to take away MORE than your GUNS!
What if Mrs Clinton launched nukes, instead of throwing things at people when angry? Hot temperament+nukes=not good.
Keep kicking a dead horse buddy? Toe hurt?
Return the criminial Fethullah Gülen Turkish gov and keep the peace.
well I late for my house bye?
... The Republican Party where the Vultures have come home to roost... Now the Rats are scrambling to abandon their ship!
... Donald Trump the ContraDictator
YES WE CAN!
So true!  Disgusting!
NO! Your choice is a liberal demon
it's down fool
you almost accomplished your goal and you need Hillary to finish it  Trump 2016 our only hope 4 USA
you have the fbi and DOJ trolling for you. Don't forget this is a democracy not a dictatorship
NO to Garland!!! How about chosing a constitutionalist and conservative?  oh, I guess in that case you woud think 4-4 was good?
the senate is not bound to make a vote. Stop lying to the people.
#MilwaukeeBurns
help us the oceti sakowin stop the newest desecration on our land #NODAPL don't be like all those before you!!
politicians elected are supposed to uphold the sacred document-the constitution-but they can't step their egos aside to do it
yeah don't hold your breath
Sadly, I would expect them to take action on or about Nov 5.
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP 
McConnell will be replaced as SML and retire at the end of his term. His legacy is one of stagnation.
They are doing their job by blocking him.
.@BarackObama quack
Its not going to happen asshole.
we need a new president, Senate and house
my President what horse does in the Senate?
is the problem, Republicans, the much time the head  they lost.
@KellyAyotte - DO YOUR JOB! Give Judge Garland a hearing, he has earned our respect. You continue to prove you that haven't!
hi
go
مسائكم سعادة لجميع سيدي الرئيس ولمجلس الشيوخ الكرام ولمن معنا
ربما أنا بعيد عنكم ولاكن صوتي وقلبي معكم ومع الجميع 
Not your job pres. Trump will do a better job than you, you have been nothing but a BIG embarrassment for the USA!!!
dont give more uncompromising power to the justices because quote "members of senate don't do their jobs," come on think!!!!
I hope the Republicans continue to block judge Garland so when Hillary Clinton is elected she can nominate Barack Obama,SCOTUS
Mr Obama how can you sleep?
republicans will never vote, this might be the most important election in the history of this country.
well, what do you expect of petulant children? #DoYourJob
NO! 157 days left, just GO!
je vous admire monsieur le président que dieu veille vous
We can thank those constitution loving @GOP & @TPPatriots who only care about their agenda not our country! #DoYourJob!
America remains a terrorist organization because terrorist organizations are united bastards are children.
stop forcing them to do something that would allow you to do more harm to American people
Senate leaders can still act and impeach you for your abuse of power and inciting murder and riots
But they won't!
no more game kill mosquito w quicklime solar panel water(seawater) solve all energy climate problems
We've got 8 scotus problems; and Merrick Garland won't be one.
If he admits that case law is not law; maybe.
http://clubtechno.blogspot.com/2016/08/5-wild-uses-for-your-old-android.html …
All indications are Garland is as corrupt as the member we already have and need to get rid of; so we don't need to add him.
leave office already!!!
Merrick Garland has yet to acknowledge that altering or invalidating legislation is not a remedy at the disposal of the court.
Thomas was pompous enough to scoff at duly enacted legislation calling it "silly".
Kennedy is an advocate and representative of the lgbt subculture; carrying their water since Lawrence v Texas.
Sotomayor says they need more racial and cultural diversity on the court; meaning she too does not know her job.
Start doing ur jobs. You are giving the USA a bad name.  Shame on U.
What's the holdup GOP
@BarackObama
