This election is driving citizens to drink.Why do we pay taxes!!
yes, but he also swore to make our President a one term President.  That failed, so why not this ignorance?!
like @SenateDems who block Zika funding?
Sos de huracan obama
Can’t wait to see how he waffles for 8 more years once Hillary becomes president.
If she happens to win it's one and done....the next collapse is coming.
You America vote on Trump?
More about ANYONE but Hillary.
chung toi ngheo nen vat va
President Trump will appoint the next Supreme Court Justice, not @BarackObama. @babyboomerwomen
too bad you can't do what you preach
#DoYourJob uphold the US Constitution!
they have tried to stop every great thing you have tried to do! But you have still done great things and I want to thank you!
Great Weekend Your Honorable Mr. President Barrack Obama
, this is why we're voting Republicans out of office. #voteDemocratesinNovember
Please pardon Leonard Peltier if he is still alive. His conviction was a travesty of Justice. FBI protest of last disgraceful.
On target sir!
I am with them from stopping your handpicked judge, you got enough out of Americans, big retirement, and a pay u weren't worth
If they don't block you, we will all be in trouble
#ImpeachMcConnell
the world needs legislators with heart and mind, not the brain. Mr Obama changes the world starts with changing the look
Legislators need to stop being Obama haters and do their jobs that the voters elected them to do.  Jealousy isn't pretty

We vietnam and argee your Usa sorry i bad English
hi, your English was much more sensible than any trump supporter.
fdkut
#DoYourJob @HouseGOP
@EveryVoice Why am I not surprised that his positive was a negative? You, we, deserved better than Mitch and his ilk.
so true
great trip to China.  Lots of respect for our country there.
http://money4Task.com/?ref=224365 
change the SSN death benefit
it's time for them to stop using people as pons so, they can make money for themselves
you are the king of obstruction. Instead of bringing our country together you divided it. I supported you in the beginning.
@sjdehart58 the change to end obstruction starts in HOUSE/SENATE. GOP led since 1994 ex 2009-10.  Straight ticket @FlipItDem
I'm with you Mr. President! They've not done their jobs for 8 yrs.
History will not be kind to you Mitch.
President Obama: Senate Majority 'leader' McConnell forgets that he works for  American citizens. I say we fire him.
@areyou0 McConnell is a despicable lout! His "JOB" is to do the people's business! NOT TO OBSTRUCT THE AMERICAN PRESIDENT! 
MAYBE IF YOU HAD DONE YOUR JOB RIGHT AND WORKED ACROSS THE AISLE YOU WOULDN'T BE TWITTING THIS. YOU ARE THE WORSE OF THE WORSE
-Thanks for exposing the nastiest of those people with which you have to deal. I hope voter apathy is replaced with activism!
these guys shouldn't serve for 30 years, it's ridiculous, looking like an old ass turtle....
you should do your job too and help the American people
RIGHT ON MITCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!
You are compulsively destructive and must be restrained by sane people.
This obstructionism is not about politics or ideology. It is about the New Jim Crow racism directed at the POTUS by the GOP.
#stopobama NO WAY! don't let this loser anywhere near the next appointee!
Sorry, they are elected officials too.  Elected and represent Congressional Branch of USA government.  USA's balance of power
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account,remitted back to the United States,
If Senators aren't Doing their Jobs our whole COuntry suffers.  We appoint senators to work, not to obstruct.
thank God we have legislators that stand up and block your leftist, radical, progressive agenda!
Practice what you preach fool
#DoYourJob start packing....
what solutions have you accomplished? You surrounded yourself with people who tell you what you want to hear. Ur fantasy.
They ARE doing their jobs. Mr. President you forget he wanted you to be a ONE term President . They only see color not a MAN.
#DoYourJob ? Hilarious -since you have not done your job for nearly 8 years
Another ridiculous figure.
Absolutely correct, Mr President
Legislators best reflect the concept of representative governance because of their proximity to the people.
@SenateMajLdr is  one cold dude & unashamed of his actions. Infuriating and sad. I get apoplectic over it, honestly. Lotta gall
You are an obstruction to humanity with every breath you take.
很强
@BernieSanders For President.
Yes Mr President i agreed with you and your thinking for Americans and rest of world - King !
@MitchMcConell is doing his job. One of the FEW in DC willing to stand for conservative values

Racist Hillary and Bill
Not sad-Shameful.
What would be the best solution to solve this?
@prasad_ben Great sentiment , President Obama
hahaha. Truthful, but I live in Illinois so ... it's a big joke. Two years without a budget. Can we fire them all?
I hope they block all of your agenda.
very Nice. 
Hi Leader, what do you say about DRCongo, especially here at us in North Kivu. We killed by panka and hummer
N day.
Mr President I think we need to establish if they know how to do their job.. promises as a candidate is easy, doing the job ??
what I don't get is in 2008, you were against same sex marriage, but then your 4 it.. do you still consider ur self a christian
once you are gone so are the obstructions, lies,and dividing of a country
Guantanamo bay is still open #DoYourJob
That's RIGHT: keep doing your job and keep BLOCKING this ANTI 2nd amendment LIBERAL out to take away more FREEDOMS!
you are do a good job
I voted for you yay!:)


GOP travel to Europe see their rail systems, roads, bridges. Why GOP will not pass a job bill instead of blaming Democratics?
, as a former KY resident, I can say without a doubt that Mitch McConnell is useless!
I thought Obama worked with Harry Reid.  Reid never allowed a vote on anything
don't no when we indian realizes this.
it's called checks & balances
- McConnell is a dinosaur.  30 Years!?!?  Holy Crap!  Continuing to Stifle Progress...You gotta go Mitch!
-GOP does nothing for the people,their ideals are to empower businesses not the worker
-if you did one thing, it was to bring all the closeted racist out in force. ACA isn't affordable for me. At least you tried
@littlebuddybu 
"Part of a revolution ready for real solutions" #ShouldaKnownBetter @JanetJackson
go Mitch !
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan 
Thank God they are stopping you now.  They should have stopped Obamacare, stimulus, Iraq pullout,
/ GOOD MORNING / NIGHT SIR. GOD BLESS U ALL SIR.

# We must send home that old republican. We must bring new blood to the Congress
Shouldn't you be packing anyway?
As Gladys Knight would say, "It's time to go now".
take your own advice #DoYourJob
Ironic that you put more energy into trying to force lgbt assimilation than Black Americans assimilation.
shouldn't you be playing golf?  It's the only accomplishment in 8 years.
You let Kim Davis be incarcerated for doing her job despite a court decision which had nothing to do with her.
Not afraid of you or @HillaryClinton ; the US Constitution is on our side; & we want an end to executive and judicial tyranny.
Not only does congress not have to hear Garland; it does not have to ever confirm any @HillaryClinton nominee either.
Congress was damaged and you finished breaking it with Obamacare; then you try to legislate from the oval office.
Invalidating duly enacted legislation is "not" a remedy at the court's disposal. Garland doesn't accept that, so he's unfit.
Court decisions are only binding on parties to the litigation. For example ssm is "not" legal nationwide; DOMA is the law.
Why do you have so much trouble understanding "judicial" power. Courts decide cases based on law; they do not become law.
You keep trying to redefine America; telling us what we think, what we feel, what we believe; proving you don't know us.
MITCH MCCONNELL IS BUSY RUNNING HIS SEMINAR ON HOW TO MAKE 24 MILLION DOLLARS ON YOUR CURRENT SALARY
GOOD TO BE A POL!!!!!!!
The American people need a president who is committed to leadership; not subversion, as you are.
.@BarackObama Less legislation, not more.
President Obama right up there with Lincoln, FDR, JFK if not killed & LBJ civil rights & great society agendas.   BHO=amazing
We need our legislators to STAY OUT OF OUR PRIVATE LIVES, OBOZO!
and it's ridiculous- shame on him. He's not thinking about America - he's being a racist.
Why do you think they call it recess? A bunch of selfish babies
What do you know about this. You where a useless senator and a worthless president.
RNC's proudest moments should be in laws they passed not progress they blocked.
Mitch is a joke. Worst politician in congress
so true Mr President. Can you please tell them , that you were not the only black president. Seven before you.
@GypsyNilsen I agree, it is a sad moment when the people we trusted enough to put into office don't do their jobs!
We will miss you, but I bet you won't miss all the crap. Thank you for your service!

aşkım obisim savaşlari durdur artik.
time for you to go
#nomoreobama  thank you for almost everything except your past 1.5 years, #retire. I campaigned for u, fyi

How about filling charges against Hillary for lieing to Congress and the FBI
technically the senate's  job is checks and balances and to not rubber stamp the presidency.
SECRET REVOLUTION:PARK GEUN HYE INSIDE ENEMY,NOW ALL YOU NEED TO SWEEP,IF NOT,MY COUNTRY AND USFK VERY DANGEROUS
.. Wow Mr Mitch??? The Senator??? Very Sad! These Senators are not even ashamed! We, The People, ought to wake UP!
PARK GEUN HYE TOMORROW,CHINA AIIB INFRASTRUCTURE, KIM JONG Un ERA UNIFIED KOREA FINALLY XI JINPING AND PUTIN VISIT SUMMIT
HELLO,PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA,
Mr. President - agree with your premise but you and Dallas Cowboys need to stop stealing NE Patriots slogan!
I agree if you had a job to be done. Just do it.
@MissTallulah2 This is a straw man. Not once since 1888 has the Senate seated a justice when the opp. party ran the Senate.
Do your job McConnell!!! Take a vote!!!
141
Those who cast their precious votes for Mitch McConnell have voted against the fundamental interests of America. Shame!
He's proud of obstructing the workings of our government & of manipulating the Court?  They're a disgrace to our nation!
very true
do your job CORRECTLY before telling others to do theirs at all.
keep pressuring mr president you will prevail for the good of the people
Not Saul Alinsky-inspired solutions, Mr.President!
well that is what harry reid taught mitch, and you taught harry, so what do you expect?
Im just glad they arent taking a vote on TPP.
let them throw Hildog into a minimum security prison.
...you should be impeached starting now. You have turned this country upside down! Resign
No Hillary Clinton will appoint Abby Hoffman then Joan Baez. "How do you like your Blue-eyed boy now Mr. Death?"
Mitch is being a little cranky in his old age.
Obstructionists in The Congress need to be held accountable for not working and collecting a Federal Salary. #vote #VoteBlue
Or just crawl back into your turtle shell
We the People the masters of both congress/courts also asked McConnell to do his job, what's the penalty for breaking his oath
BORK him. Garland is no solution. No Garland 2016
shh, I'm counting on the obstruction for the next four years. Might be the only thing that saves us from who ends up as POTUS.
THIS IS THE ELECTION TO VOTE 
OUT ALL INCUMBENTS,,,,,,,,,,
welcome USA love
مساء الخير سيدي الرئيس لكم وللجميع
أعتقد حاولت أن أرحل بأسلوب ولاكن لم استطيع الأبتعاد عن العالم وعنكم  love

they're doing their job. Checks and balances, remember?
The obstructionists @GOP have no principles & malfeasant in their jobs...They are a disgrace & do not honor this nation.
you need to go!
old roman near us has mental illness and ugliness and partner liana too they live above starirs damaging our ceiling
The Justice Garland impasse has jeopardise the image&spirit of the US Constitution which is much avoidable!
we also need a president who isn't a muslim Imam bent on destroying our country and instigating a new crusade. Traitor
The American people also need their President to stand up to corruption, not endorse it.  #DoYourJob
The best solution we can come up with is a Republican President, Conservative House and Senate.
indict Mitch McConnell
#DoYourJob
@realDonaldTrump How can Legislators be dedicated when they are crooked like Mitch McConnell!
https://www.gofundme.com/2stqvbjw?pc=fb_co_dashboard_a …
Obstruction of a policy one doesn't like is, while maybe not a solution, at least not another step in the wrong direction.
most prudent justified and judicious Prez Obama
we don't want a Corrupt Court that you started.  people don't want to change the Constitution. We don't want Hillary's lies!
I'd be fired for not doing my job, how can they get away with this? 
Babies are being infected with Zika as CONgre$$ diddles..
@Gobame1 @AFRICA24TV @FRANCE24 SOS!!! More than 5people shoot by the police###Gabon police shot $$$$$
