I did when I voted for Trump!
The best plans will only come after the ACA is repealed, cancelled, nullified, abolished, and then finally flushed down the shitter.
you seem like a reliable source of information
No. Just hoping me and my family will be able to afford some kind of health care soon.
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982896486135582720 … 7157
UNIQUE WOLF HEAD NECKLACE
Perfect gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1iESko  
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1iESko    
…
Yes, covered, but $600/mo for a single woman with no health issues who visits one Dr. / year for an annual checkup is robbery.
Great news! My new premium will now rise to $750/mo. Thanks, @IBX for taking advantage of those you cover. 
Hi Jessica, we're committed to helping you find a plan that will work for you. Pls call 1­-888­-475­-6206 & we'll assist you directly. ^SK
You failed. You can not force people to buy healthcare.
Eu não sei falar inglês
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tips-mengetahui-kelayakan-blog-dan.html …
Good aftermon I brasilian
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/update-makalah-ulumul-hadist-of-kampus.html …
I will stick to my plan thanks. See you on the news very soon...The REAL Antichrist. Don't pretend you are me!!!

Sela başkan iki defa yazdım yanıtını bekliyorum saygilar
C
unfortunately they all cost more for me now then before. So, apparently I'm not one that gets helped by this.
Please help the Dems bring some cohesion to the party. They need to be strong and rise above Hillary and Bernie. People are desperate.
just go away your legacy is Crap
Hi I love when you wher the present
I have been here since I was 7....i dunno what to do
alto negrrrro
estoy de acuerdo
You seem like a reliable source of information
how obama
And that are your options now, Mr. @BarackObama ?
,agreeing to a different $400,000 speech to Wall Street'
Gosh! Is this your mister presidential ad campaign?!
zero plans, we are not a communist or socialist country, find another country for your family that fits your agenda
you and your family should be made to be on Obamacare, since it's so good!!!
It's a. Bad sham, government never should be involved with HC. We are not Socialist
Is your personal plan included? You know, the one where you don't pay a cent and have phenomenal healthcare? Thought notTRAITOR
... and he's a comedian too...
a $12k deductible is self insuring, NOT "healthcare".
Why did Obama tell the Americans so many untruths about their health care ?
Trump is your king
hiii what are you doing ms @barackobama
ACA is a JOKE!
there in NOT one good option!  You screwed we the people over big time!!!
Mr President you done a well done job as a leader a father a husband I salute you....
I've looked and can't find any that we can afford.
And if you don't, you get fined. Thought this was a free country. It is now that Trump is in
nothing that some can afford and yet still get penalized ?
At Fundamad we work in the neighborhoods of Venezuela preventing addiction to drugs and teenage pregnancy
HE comes at us like a steam roller, so he can cover up all his agenda's.  Scary when you think about what we're not aware of!!
Let's put Obama on his own insurance and take away all of the money he obtained (?) while in the White House.
I only pray that you will rear Malia and Sasha to know who they are as young Black women, not excluding your mother's heritage.
SEE, you care(d) about the common man, we KNOW that you were always thinking forward...  
Focus your energy on teaching young black men to stay together with the fam instead of fighting and rioting
ya a lot of CRAP OUT THERE BUYER BEWARE
Like he wan build a fence. I hope the best to each and all you. I love America.
i always wanted to meet you I think you are Amazing and so is your wife and family 
& remember INSURANCE Companies LIED about reason for pulling out of states
Y no news story on that
Y no outrage
@joanwalsh @OFA I unabashedly adore you, Mr. President!
@joanwalsh @OFA enjoy your time to rest. Job well done!
@joanwalsh Love you.
worked with your administration..helped make it better..giving ideas on how to make it affordable..anything..
the ACA is a great idea..flawed? yes. the republicans should never tried to stop it..instead they should have from the..
@realdonaldtrump at a tremendously inflated cost that you simply cannot afford.
ياواطي يا ابن واطي
The congress and Trump would be very foolish to cancel Obama care
I can not afford your health insurance!!!!! Not covered!!!! Healthy young educated female
Suddenly when I lost my job & NEED Benefits ... this link curiously stopped working ... Hmmm
They are crap
Barack Obama gave Americans hope for more affordable health care.
they are all pretty lame and are expensive. Once again thanks!
no one can afford your plans. 28 companies dropping out of obamacare. That says it all
there are little options and they are all unaffordable for anyone working.
I am glad to have lived through your presidency..may GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY....LARRY & HARRIET
I Love you
I'm putting my obamacare plan in the toilet.
, beast
There are no choices  if u r a solo entrepreneur unless you don't mind complete neglect  #FakeNews
oh I checked and I'm being forced into the same SHIT plan which all my doctors dropped! You all lie!
They will be better Jan 21st.
And who told you that?  GRUBER?  I beg to disagree.  Huge deductibles prems up at least 400% stupid community organizer
I regret that I voted for you and @hilaryclinton you don't know, what u just did to Cubans people, why ??u are about to go
If you can't afford it we'll tax the hell out of you anyway 
hahaha
you force people into this Health Care always you give tax penalty if not you can f*** off with your Muslim care
is it for Indians staying in Indi
, you chose the wrong plan brother ...
Why sign up for something that will be gone in two weeks???

Bill Clinton comments were right about ACA. Hillary was right also. At this point what difference does it make.
You can keep your doctor and your plan...period. Remember that? Lets pass it to see whats in it. Shameful.
g
and if you don't well screw u, u gotta give us money any way

how can you say anything good about Obamacare? It's a disaster!!! Wake up!
Unfortunately, I cannot afford it, but I'm glad my taxes are supporting this to help the illegal people that do not pay taxes.
Please people wait until TrumpCare is implemented.
GET RID OF THE OBAMACARE NIGHTMARE!!! WHEN? BECAUSE YESTERDAY IS NO LONGER AN OPTION - NOW!!!!!!!!
şu itlerini gönderme yoksa yakında bizim KURTLAR deliricek o zaman Tanrı Türk'ü değil sizi korusun. Yakındır BÜYÜK TURAN 
all options are very expensive.
nope. None are affordable.  Can't wait til this piece of garbage is repealed. #maga
Lock into something that is going to be gone? That's more bad advice from the outgoing Muslim
#JOKE
#FUNNY
#Dailypun
what planet do you live on? There are NOT lots of plans out there. What a load of crap!
you have created the worst medical plan the world has ever seen. But then, you knew that when you rammed it down r throats
I would love for you to apply for your family and see how satisfied you are!
it will be a blessing to stop this healthcare, it fines people who can't afford it, & got rid of people's Dr's They had 4 yrs.
REPEAL and REPLACE!
Most people in our office cannot afford.
thank god I'm getting private insurance and not being ripped off by obamacare
Yea, The $10,000 deductible Plan Or The $16,000 Deductible Plan. So Sad

Let's start with choosing anything the does not have the smell of Obama on it.
I am in SC & have 1 insurance co. Had to change doctors since only public clinics accept ACA.My cost is 1100 to go to a clinic.
.@BarackObama @OFA - Best option is to pay those ridiculous fines instead of paying for premiums & deductibles that aren't affordable. #MAGA
No, there aren't. Medical mutual leaving indiv. Market. Cost for most plans is unaffordable!!
