Yep; it bounces back despite your attempts to destroy it.
um yes, it's called progress, everything in life goes through it and it never ends.
Esp the brown toilet water of an economy he got when he started. Its called a depression
Aye, He, Pelosi, Gephardt, and many others kept us on the life raft till we hit calmer waters.
Rubbish
Part time jobs don't count
Good job. Especially after you inherited a legacy issue that nearly resulted in worldwide collapse from the Bush Government.

We love you, Mr. President.
tidy so
yeah this shit is a fucking lie
The government is giving loans to college students to pursue degrees for jobs that don't exist anymore! That is NUTS!
Or the success you have led. Facts are true even if you don't believe them.
Fulla Shit again!
no Amero North American Currency ! America First ! Gertrude Franklin Atherton $25 Bill ! Donald J Trump $5,000 Bill ! IGWT
it's not doing very well
hello sar
I voted for you and after 8 years I am thoroughly appalled at your performance! where is REAL hope and change! VERY SAD
IF you are campaigning for HILLARY use your own money for transportation! BUT YOU WON'T cause you are not fiscally prudent!!
Please stop campaigning for Hillary using TAX PAYER MONEY and polluting the air with various transportation VEHICLES!!
spoken like a true ambassador for you lr country,  Mr President.
You never underestimate the American people. I know exactly what you are doing and who you are and I am not going to let you.
.....
I just want to say THANK YOU for your great service. But I know you are not done. You'll always have my support.
@naemmy whatchu have to say
ObamaCare failure & Aleppo disaster. nuffsed.
we understand the importance of private manufacturing & service industry. These industries can make any country no 1 in world.
Plz help me become naturalized before you leave the office.  I need you help.  Thank you.  I support your cause fully.
Mr President what kind of jobs are they and what do they pay! I don't think you even know! only 1% growth! AWFUL
Where?
Spending $12T dollars you should have been able to create 40 million jobs. Set a low bar and under achieve. Anemic growth.
You have not helped!
thank you presiden Obama, we will dearly miss you! Nobody would be like you...
, Thanks for all the great work, very much appreciated
That is a blessing from God please call me President (216- 278-6294
fantastic the economy is doing fine, how can people criticize GNP record high, stock market record high, interest low, oil prod
How much more can the job market grow in the near future ? Keep it going.
I seen the GDP increase since 2010, do you Barack.. Fuck the 2016 election #threeterms
I feel ur the best president we had in a long time #fisler
but I have been threatened and told they would help me find God since I don't un derstand lol
I'm getting very angry about the,way you've been treated and Michelle and I'm not violent
thank you Mr President for your strength and integrity!  You saved us all!

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account,remitted back to the United States,
that's soo cool. Thank you for serving our nation.
where are these millions of jobs?
THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT!!!!! I ALWAYS KNEW YOU COULD DO IT
Once Trump is elected, it will bounce back from the death spiral you put it in.
you think you would be texting your citizens about the war especially about gadaffi Hitler and Saddam Hussein and Osama bin
LATEN and wait there's SMORE
Never underestimate your administration's ability to produce phony/misleading employment #s.
too bad for you Obuma you couldn't keep up with my men for your own economy
now what are you going to do about it everyone knows what a loser president you are and you didn't know I was going to tear up
Check out my fresh tho! Quality hiphop by @JuAstaire guaranteed
the U.S population grows 2-3 million per year. Job growth not keeping up with population growth...hardly success
Sir, What may be underestimated for USA ?
@Real Donald Trump Yeah old pillock  brain and Fox News say this is total failure ! New definition of 'Hannity'To ignore fact.
...of course those were great paying jobs with benefits right?
Thus the increase in traffic. Thanks Obama. 
really
14.9 million bartenders. -30,000 manufacturing

Too bad you need three of those new jobs to pay your mortgage.  Quality over quantity, Sir...
VOTE TRUMP AMERICA!! # MAGA, # MASA, # MAWA 
is make U.S.A. .
/ GOOD MORNING / NIGHT SIR. GOD BLESS U ALL SIR.
You want fries with that?
where?
到底如何呢？
wow 15 million. When do I get one? 2 years now...still trying...GREAT ECONOMY. I call bullshit
I wish that was true. We are in the worst depression ever  Small business closings is at an all time high
@MBuhari come and see .... U only got people unemployed
Take another long, hard look at TPP, this in particular. https://www.buzzfeed.com/chrishamby/senators-call-for-global-super-court-to-be-removed-from-tpp?utm_term=.ikZbr25yl#.pgLzVW8ow …
Whoo-hoo!  And the large majority are part time, low-paying retail jobs.
@ 8.75 an hour. Ur a joke
More Hussein blatant BULLSHIT & LIES!!!!!!!!!!!
Neither of which the lack of economy has demonstrated under your reign!
you mean cashier jobs at Walmart. You haven't created jobs or a healthy Economy. We're on the brink of falling off a cliff !!!!


NICE JOB! BEST POTUS I've seen! Recall '09, w/Econ Nose Dive. NOBODY knew the BOTTOM! THANKS for pulling US out of E.N.D. Lj
Never underestimate the failures of bad leadership. Not a single year of 3% GDP growth. #NewNormal #FailedLeadership
Please be our President forever..PLEASE!
coming back from 2008,a log hard road WITH GOP obstruction, at every turn.
Supreme Commission for drugs carried a protest demanding the lifting of the UN embargo on medicines
yeah but not for blacks dummies you living in fantasy Barack you nothing to help your own even whites say that that's a shame
American economy can even survive you, Barack
So................. is that one job or three jobs per person?
Never underestimate Obamalama & his administration to make up false accusations. Like how ISIS is declining & running scared.
Not so fast...

http://davidstockmanscontracorner.com/26-incredible-facts-about-the-economy-that-every-american-should-know-for-the-trump-clinton-debate/ …
We don't underestimate the strength of the American economy...it survived you didn't it? 1% growth FTW #legacyoffailure
mostly part time, temporary.  How many have been lost during that same time?  I know how many my company had to reduce to
Why aren't you at Standing Rock Sir? 

We need you
nice to hear

how about Hillary's private emails?
obama see here hhhhhhhhh
#شبلي_حداد
فطسني ضحك شبلي حداد تدخل صفحته تتم تضحك هههههه 
Dude your data is as fake as your life its a mirage - Truth is we have never been in such bad shape - 10 trillion more debt
can i get one of that
You are awesome & want u as our forever prez!
was it realy you who did that? or did it stabilize it self? yeah...
153000 against 20000000 promised by Modi in India.
Just imagine what progress we could make if Grand Obstructionist Party put Americans before politics. @GOP #DoYourJob
What about the gov. Sector ?? One should need to have stable life.
You are awesome!!! You will be horribly missed!!! I'm so tired of all the haters, but you've been resilient through it all!!!!
Terrific despite GOP obstruction! Just think of what we could have accomplished. Vote DEMOCRATIC.
what a great achievement
hi sir... If saudies govt face casess from USA so what about Afghan ,Iraq,surya,lebya??????
Don't forget the clean energy industry. They've added hundreds of thousands of jobs while de-carbonizing our energy sector.
Yes, it's quite astounding that your policies over the past 7+ years didn't destroy it.
The US economy is a vampire, feeding on fallen countries !!
日本が、かなり足を引っ張りご迷惑をおかけした部分も多々ございます。
GREAT JOB, Mr. President! Wish you could hang out another 4 years! There is So much more to do! U are still the man 4 the job!
thats right THE PRIVATE SECTOR DID IT. OPEN MARKETS DID IT, NOT THE adm sir
why are more people on "food stamps"
Thank you to you everyone else Obama.
مساء الخير سيدي الرئيس يوجد حل للمسئلة السوريا الرجاء مساعدتي على الخروج من هنا الأمر طارئ رجاء منكم
nice work
how many jobs are still around?  meaning of the 15.1 how many are the same person job hopping?  you won't answer that one
You didn't build that!
Тьфу на вашу экономику!
No matter what you have done to try to destroy it, it continues to chug along. You are no Ronald Reagan. Jan 19 is moving day.
Pretty lame actually
@mattyglesias @ezraklein What about public sctr jobs?? Wouldn't an expanding public sctr mrkt create more competition for EEs?
99% ARE MINIM WAGE
at 7.25 hr yea
Average Weeks Unemployed is higher now
than under any previous @POTUS @WhiteHouse!
http://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS13008275&from_year=1948 …
#ThanksObama!
@BarackObama
When @GOP last held House, Senate & POTUS,
economy was better than it is now.
https://itooktheredpill.wordpress.com/2016/08/02/the-lost-decade-economy-is-worsenow/ …
#WorseNow, @BarackObama
Congraulations to all, Mr. President. How many driven by #SMB? How many by #MOBs (as in #MinorityOwned)? #TacoTrucksEverywhere
I'm going to miss you as president.
Obama did everything he said he was going to do,but bringing our soldiers home is forgot.Ending this war peaceful was not.
I Call BULLSHIT
6 mil less jobs created than working age population growth. 95 mil Americans left labor force b/c no jobs, not in unemp rate.
26 mil foreign born w/job & Hillary wants open borders, 505% incr in refugees, close coal mines. Hillary puts Americans last.
or your work, but ok... 
Great Job Mr President
Thank you!
Hillary's muslims R rapung & murdering innocent Americans & U think U have done a good job running this country. You're a jerk!

numbers r fake. Sad to see factories shutting down everywhere. Only hourly Hobson malls available for 3 months.
Yep, even though you have done everything possible to destroy it!  Obamacare is a disgrace and job killer!
waw! I pray for my country to have a strength to create more jobs
15 TEAM USA, CITY and @MayorBowser
what about l.o.c...... http://mastiz.in/ref/9214525777 
http://mastiz.in/ref/9214525777  open it
seguimos
l love u and will miss you
great jobs numbers! Imagine if you weren't working against the economy...
No thanks to you because guess what? They DID BUILD THAT!
Far less than anytime in resent history, bad thing is pay is way down
after your successful diligent job in the american statehouse is terminated, we need u back home kenya to eat ugali
And the ignorance of the republicans @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump
They may have better horse then us, but after this battle that horse will be mine.
Thanks Dear..... 
queria que meu país fosse assim!!
#savethe3 #freethe3
@Pontifex @KingSalman @BarackObama @umbaqer2 @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @amnesty @CNN @ABC
#Ronaldgod

Never underestimate the power of kick the can down the road policies of ZIRP & NIRP & QE for fooling the masses.
EITHER WAY  HE HAS 12-14 YEARS OF PRESIDENCY LEFT! WHOEVER NULLIFIED LAWFULLY SHOULD BE ARRESTED, UNITED NATION AUTHORITY ONLY!
"Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety."
CONDTITUTION STATES A TERM OF PRESIDENCY IS 5 YEARS,  WAS CHANGED, NULLIFIED FROM 8 YEARS EACH TERM, REVISED 2009!
hi sir hru
#JASTA_العالم_يحاكم_امريكا
And the Power of the Vote!
just love and respect you. Thank you for keeping your head .I know it wasn't easy.
The biggest problem here is that they are LOW paying jobs.
