Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse , la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
but it does not help either to admit the effects and not implement policies that really matter. @Cowspiracy
m#zw
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …
there is no science behind climate change, just a few liberal scientists and false models. We all know you lie
Fires are a natural part of the cycle of life. Stop pollution and toxic foods and forget about the debate.
Yes i,m 84 he did best job since
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
, Иисус Христос, да благословит вас , мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
@matteorenzi After the next, last, state dinner at the WH, our PEOPLE Will be Stonger Together? I hope so if WE want Yes WE can
31k scientists signed a petition that said and proved scientifically its full of shit. Im glad the @realDonaldTrump stopped using our tax dollars for a big ol DNC made up lie.

And mr. Barrac did his. Best for our great country whih i served in godzBless  ,
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見

#MeteorologicalModulation
The Waves of Weather ebb&flow
The same as it ever was.
no it does not
what about fraking shell gas production and methane leak
Science?  Obama wouldn't know science if it shoved a bunsen burner up his backside.
The Climate will change just as soon as you leave office.  Goodbye.
So why are you using AirForce 1 to campaign for a private citizen.  You Hypocrite.
Mr.Obama,largest emmitters Western nations still do not support developing nation in committing to finance n tech help.
so are your policies
actually corruption in the US government is a lot more devastating than #climatechange
that's right but firstly humanity change's effects are devastating.Denying the science & obama behind it does nothing to help!!
Difficult to fight Mother Nature.
Mister President Obama, can you say to governments of South-America that they would stop building Belo Monte-waterdam
That is probably the stupidest thing I have ever heard.
THIS IS OUR NATION! WE ARE IN CONTROL! WE WILL BATTLE UNTIL DEATH! OUR FLAG WILL SOAR WITH PRIDE AND HONOR! FREEDOM OF THOUGHT!
GOP Republicans profess to be pro-life but seek to repeal regulations that provide for the safety & lives of all citizens


Climate change is a fairy tale your party dreamed up to scam votes out of people. Just leave the White House already
well said
those fires were started by lightning; jeez been happening for thousand years #wowweather #blametrumpnext  @EricTrump
. Climate change bullshit
But you use #climatechange to increase your #tyranny. Your approach to science is unscientific, #Obama. #Debate
The most underestimated cause of #climatechange? #aviationclouds! They prevent the earth from cooling down at night. #contrails
AWAY,SO DRIVE THEM AWAY.AS WAX MELTETH BEFORE THE FIRE,SO LET THE WICKED PERISH AT THE PRESENCE OF GOD..
PSALM 68:1-2..LET GOD ARISE,LET HIS ENEMIES BE SCATTERED.LET THEM ALSO THAT HATE HIM FLEE BEFORE HIM.V2..AS SMOKE IS DRIVEN
THE LAND.
WITH WORMWOOD,AND MAKE THEM DRINK THE WATER OF GALL.FOR FROM THE PROPHETS OF JERUSALEM IS PROFANENESS GONE FORTH INTO ALL
INHABITANTS THEREOF AS GOMORRAH..V15..THEREFORE THUS SAITH THE LORD OF HOSTS CONCERNING THE PROPHETS.BEHOLD,I WILL FEED THEM
STRENGTHEN ALSO THE HANDS OF EVILDOERS,THAT NONE DOTH RETURN FROM HIS WICKEDNESS. THEY ARE ALL OF THEM UNTO ME AS SODOM,AND THE
JEREMIAH 23:14-15..I HAVE SEEN ALSO IN THE PROPHETS OF JERUSALEM A HORRIBLE THING.THEY COMMIT ADULTERY AND WALK IN LIES.THEY
don't leave us!
Did you ever determine how the ice melted 10,000 years ago and what happened to the ocean covering the USA plains. No Cars then
how about stopping tar sands oil from coming into the country if this is really how you feel?
Climate Change is definitely happening in Southern Ontario, Canada.
but what melted the last Ice Age-there were no cars or factories
http://zawagalaganeb.blogspot.com.eg/2015/03/01287777888_83.html …
but denying terrorism by refusing 2 call it what it is based on facts is OK ur a hypocrite @ least u can get a job with Al gore

Put a stop to the theft to #Water by companies like @Nestle. Put a stop to the #DakotaAccessPipeline #InvestInSolarAndWind
maybe if scientists stopped creating bs data and lying there weren't be an issue...
stop ww3 by resuming peace talks. Everyones children lay at your command. You and russia need to collaborate. #peace #notoww3
:killing innocent people in Kashmir by Indian army is devastating.Thousands of children,women are killed.India terrorist state.
***U are absolutely right but might have to show a mightier action for mitigation else empower the developing countries...!
Is still the same as is normal. reduce forest fires is as easy as control burns before nature does it the way as normal bigburn
Amen!
It's your work to bring change to that kind of situation, you the "world's managers". Excellence see http://ow.ly/89K33057csg 
. If you're that concerned with the climate post something on the Native's and other protectors trying to save water for ur fam
climate change is a hoax
TALK ABOUT THE PIPELINE. THAT WILL RUIN OUR CLIMATE
Hillary did Nothing for Haiti
I'm more worried about the devastating effects of Radical Islamist Terrorism knocking at our door with dem policies!
educate yourself people. The media is lying to you. http://youtu.be/OwqIy8Ikv-c 
This guy is really on the propaganda train.  http://NIFC.gov  says otherwise. #StopScammingamerica
blah, blah, blah, more marxist propaganda. Folks, study Agenda 21, Agenda 20/30, that's all this is!
risking their lives.
Forest Fires are a natural way of life. Fighting them is a different story. It's dangerous and anyone who is out on one is
“@BarackObama: Climate change's effects are devastating. Denying the science behind it does nothing to help.
More climate fraud propaganda. Tell the truth and #StopScammingAmerica

When the Military said a couple of years ago climate change was the number 1 security threat to U.S. that says something !
, yea its sad. but its what it id:KTEIN
global warming morphed into climate  change? Like negro into black and now african american.
There is no science behind it.  It is the natural cycle of mother earth.  Now stop the spraying...

It is very clear that @HillaryClinton cheated and doesn't deserve to be chief. Stop forcing the people to swallow corruption!
you was a good president  i wish you  could  the man in the whitehouse
stop with this too big to fail policy. Is oil too big to fail? Is the earth too big to fail
fracking is worse
thanks for weighing in on this on your way out the door.  the people in Aleppo and the innocents in Guantanamo are thrilled.
If we want to deal with Climate Change, we must deal with overpopulation and learn to live without fossil fuels.
...and contribute to climate change #NoDAPL
Then stop these oil pipelines, which you know leak and create horrors for the environment  #nodapl
cut down on your talking will stop half global warming !!!
.@BarackObama the "why" behind the denial https://climatefootnotes.com/2016/10/06/guest-post-why-deny/ … #ActOnClimate
Thank you Dumbo for providing the American people with a sure thing for Government to waste our money on. Blame Global Warming
ISAIAH64:1-6(2)As when the melting fire Burnett,the fire causeth the waters to boil to make thy name known to thine adversari>
No settled science when you only paid scientists to prove climate change. Doesn't "science" require examining both sides?
@BarackObama

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account, remitted back to the United States,
#EndTheDrugWar
Show us the fucking science
the joke greatest threat glob warm as Isis attacks around the world. Now 32 countries. Only DJT can fix this @realDonaldTrump
Sr. Here in Mexico, we love you and we will miss you when you live the white house.
@AylinBilic And yet you and your politicians are unable to force American companies to do a little emission reduction.
Denying Consumerism is a major part of the problem doesn't help either; ergo you are part of the problem.
lov you lamirice
...and the greatest contributor to #climatechange? #factoryfarming.  Talk about it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0StD2llEkcI …
gost knows no bouns
Good Afternoon Sir!
https://Instagram.com/p/BLcgdccgKy-/ 
Its my hope that something will be done about this by your goverment.
Do Not Hurt The Earth! All Nations, for she is your Mother!   "GIAH"
#gogreen plant one tree on born of every child by him/her parents and growing as like him/her child.
"d state shld nt discrimate against any citizen" Obama
Reports are rife that Shites are being killed in N/Nigeria by the state
no man can change the evolution of the earth
Trump thinks its a fucking myth, cant believe people vote for such a clown
I'm going to miss u & ur efforts for planet . I have faith in @HillaryClinton to continue fighting #climatechange. 
#imwithher
I'm a scientist currently doing my PhD. Sir, I believe in climate change but there is more to it; I believe in "Sin change" too
science is behind the climate change.
说的好！
Hey Barry, so we have got roughly 10k worth of #wikileaks emails and 0 talk about C.C. All we see is Hillary's Corruptions.Why?
it's cool, Mr President. The sun is going to swallow us up anyway. #LetHimDebate 
facts
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton @billclinton @TeamTrump
Obama Out Of Office 99 Days 13 H 24 M... ba bye you are  the Worst and Most Incompetent President Ever!
1.3trillion per year til 2100 to claw back .048 of a degree Celsius? Maybe focus on Chicago and take your buddy Rahm to task.
you climate change BS
thanks for providing all those permits for more oil drilling, fracking, and fossil fuel infrastructure
is @BarackObama a climatologist or expert in meteorology?
Thank you President Obama for everything you are doing in your second term to help slow the looming climate crisis & effects
But Donald Dump is a 70yr. old Reprobate isn't intelligent enough 2 run his own Finances how could he Operate N the World Arena
Trump endangers planet, firemen, police, blacks, latinos, women, muslims, etc. Who is left to support him? Hate and anger.
.@BarackObama science only says that it's happening, not caused by man. But there's this...http://www.cfact.org/2013/02/06/global-warming-was-never-about-climate-change/ … https://www.prageru.com/courses/environmental-science/climate-change-what-do-scientists-say …
denile in egypt has no place for lunnacy

how bout hillarys corruption? Care to address that issue facing our nation, or nah
this country is in big trouble under Trump he wants to destroy what this great nation stands for
Trump's right.
#سلام
If they would just stop breaking up the polar ice it would do wonders. Broken ice melts much faster.
Good Morning President Obama!
in Zimbabwe, a lady fighting breast cancer is saying she is crying out for rain, because we have united for climate change
Al Gore many people spoke years ago.
joke! since last eight years what your govet planed on this issue.
the way so called developmental activities r taking this earth in their grip, it won't b very long to find the deserted earth.
And now there's another hurricane?!?!?!
total lie, I ask again what is the perfect temperature for earth and when did it exist?
not to hot and not to cold
by who's judgement
warm
I cried about this water and environmental natural resources.
