Step one: Have $hillary stop talking. Less methane comma and no more lies! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Tor00iWUhDQ …

#DropOutHillary
Great! What steps are being taken to resolve the Charise Davis Logan matter in Arlington,TX.? Contaminated water, govt Voo Doo?
u r the best
You are indeed a paternalistic leader 
Stay blessed and may you live long
Awesome Mr. Obama, Which is right!!!!!!!
fight methane by mandating beef consumption, eliminating cows. Save the environment!
We would all be helped in #ActOnClimate if @realDonaldTrump would keep his mouth shut. The crap  he spews increases methane!!
follow me
- Thank you!!
@BarackObama
bon bagay
c' este un meilleur president pour  haiti je t'aime
as soon as he is out of the oval office there will be a lot less Methane there.
thanks for the decision made in order to improve health condition. Cedac Burundi is doing it's best for environment protection
BULLSHIT. ONLY CONGRESS MAKES OUR LAW'S.
Just another do nothing but Coast all of us Lots more money for a LIE
, sir, good evening i am pralhad,climate will be change any time
How about you also ban fraking?
what's his families carbon footprint?
what about the homeless & mentally ill, Sir?
and for once in a genuine sense; thanks Obama! :)
will you please extend me a full pardon for my license to drive again! Iowa has passed me but illinois is still holding me back
mr president why are you trying to destroy the great state of WVa by killing the coal industry many people will lose their jobs
According to you guys, everything contributes to Climate Change. Of course it's easy to just make up contributors to a myth.
Limit bean sales!
very good work sir.
I wonder how much time it took to fix the #PorterRanch leak in the LA area. Has any punitive action been taken against the cos?
a lot of health issues will be fixed in January 2017
methane is 18 times more potent than CO2, finally someone tackles the real problem
please stop spreading lies
اصلي ابو سمرة
YEAH CORK UP THOSE COWS
. send me some money for small business
How are you sir?
Without a healthy environment nothing else will matter. Wake up people.  Thank you Mr. president
nice
What about Fukashima still leaking? Underground nuclear testing by North Korea? Methane pollution seems minute! #ClimateAction
climate change , biggest  lie of the last 4 years. You know they are lying when they want to censor speech
now let's get fluoride out if toothpaste and kids' brains.  Thank you, Mr.  President.
please don't  fart might  have methane

#God bless you sir
http://www.mokengeli.com/rdc-revue-de-presse/2012/10/11/les-documents-secrets-de-lue-revelent-comment-joseph-kabila-a-ete-impose-en-2006-aux-congolais.html …
@disclosure Is that the end of Mexican cuisine!? #runforcover ;-)
Climate change is a fraud and so is Obama.
That's nice, but only if sound tech is ready to replace outdated energy in industry, & less hydrocarbons are in consumer goods.
@realDonaldTrump Climate is changing because the magnetic North Pole is moving.
Eradicate cows?
but yet they gave billions to Iran to build nukes.
All current gas wells will have run dry by this time!
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/Bunk-Beds-White-3ft-solid-Pine-Childrens-Wooden-frame-MATTRESSES-STORAGE-/152089260925?hash=item236939f37d:g:~hUAAOSwr7ZW42Eb …
decriminalize cannabis
Livestock and water supplies, poorer countries that seem to feel climate action would cause tons of smaller-sized cattle.
Just check into areas like spinoffs, casualties at times.
#Beno BETTER STOCK UP !!
Pls support my fight against Spinal Cord Injury which left me paralyzed n hlp me seek trtmnt in US https://www.crowdrise.com/supportforprateeksfi/fundraiser/ambujprateek …
Menos mal que en breve seras un ilustre pelotudo más de la casa de los busch(LA CASA BLANCA)
anything to cut jobs and implode the America you hate
better get parts to our troops , wasteful spender potus. Liberal, socialist mind is terrible, despicable.
Absolutely necessary.
A LOT OF THIS GARBAGE WILL HAVE TO BE THROWN OUT WHEN TRUMP GETS IN. THESE GOOFY STANDARDS ARE KILLING OUR COUNTRY.
.@BarackObama Can add provision/standards to regulate/derail #TrumpTrain that must fall under "pollution" control & improving public health
maybe you could worry a little about moral decay. I'd say that's just a little bit more dangerous.
nice think
if I catch a man in the bathroom with a woman I'm going to whoop that ass you're part of Satan's disciples
and I'm here deep in the south ain't no man dressed up as a woman going in the bathroom with our children
because you and Hillary do not want me to come out I'm your worst nightmare
and yeah I am an actual candidate and I do back Donald Trump as long as he's calling it like you see it
don't you love my freedom of speech in my god-given rights I call it like I see it you and your ministration are punks
but like I say when you're ready we're ready so try it son of Satan and you can feel God's Wrath
but you don't have a set of balls you'll want to send somebody after them that means you're not a man
and if you got a set of balls why don't you yourself come take my weapons or Hillary
and like I said anytime you're ready just call your Martial law go for it we rednecks will unleash hell on Earth
thank you!  Just the other day, I was reading about how we needed to decrease methane.  :)
good decision sir. all the best
Goodnews
Without any proof also. #DoYourJob
The CAMPAIGN to keep “100 million unnecessary vehicles” off the street per year, http://easycolorexpress.com 
will this one pass you think?
Finalized standards is a long way from implementation!

@Earthworks I hope this involves eating less meat.
i will change the sensex on tuesday .sir obama.
PLEASE INFORM HOW EASILY WE CAN MANGE THIS PROBLEM ?

美国是大气减排协定的发起倡议者，减少甲烷燃烧而减少二氧化碳排放，美国也要督促协定签署者其它国家是否真正减少大气排放?
y u could have reduced  the sensex on thursday .i could have the chance on friday .
Hi sir...i m big fan of u..i from india..
this is mass murder on a scale that before now, would be unimaginable. These Zio-idiot Bastards are nuts, Sir. Thanks again,Sir
they know that the 99% are dangerous. They are afraid of an uprising and they'll get knocked off their pedestal they're on.
no wonder people are dropping like flies with cancer and heart decease.the CFR wants to kill off 6.5 billion global citizens
not only do I consider this to be environmental terrorism, but, a crime against humanity. It should be stopped immediately.
No Sir, there's something else. I know it's not your idea, Sir. The military is being instructed to spray us with nanoparticles
here's how I see it, Mr President. There has been CO2 and methane on earth as long as earth been here. It's only a factor.
so now you are going to monitor and tax our farts what a bunch of crap from the WH
lies
hallo i have many respekt for you i am moslim from morokko en live in belguim i am verry afried of donald trump
hay brak obama the president of pakistan is like a dog who is your pet
How will these standards be enforced?
On the other hand, pollution brain with manipulations always allowed !
http://www.onlyanalysis.com/2016/05/higher-capital-expenditure-drag-on-cesc/ …
What's up pres
it is threat indeed - specially from solid waste dumps in developing countries
@BarackObama
President Obama please keep protecting the American people.
that's right Mr. President! Show them how to do that job right!!
produce positive bless you world 
@BarackObama
Part time free job karne ke liye WhatsApp number pr 'job' likh kar send kre +918890373482
don't you think you should be more concerned about the emails the Russians have on Hillary Clinton
can we cut cigarette pollution too? Tired of inhaling clouds of smoke at stop lights, parks, + next door apartments.
The meat industry is a huge polluter. Time to address how our diet choices contribute to climate change. #GoVegan
will methane rule stick if Trump takes the White House?
How much is that going to cost the taxpayers?
#WorstPresidentEver
“@BarackObama: The Obama administration just finalized standards to cut methane pollution and improve public health. #ActOnClimate
@disclosure stop Congress from talking,  that'll dramatically cut back on methane pollution!
@disclosure #Whenafirestartstoburn #spontaneouscombustion  
that's about all he could do he already has screw America! He's ways have only put us in danger
if this is a professional news site (is it?), don't they have an editor?
what's he gonna do, outlaw chicken and cow shit?
let me guess...I'll now have to have a catalytic converter for my posterior??? You have to laugh...Even if you're the POTUS.
speak on the new ecig regulations killing small business and this isn't reform it's a massacre
.@BarackObama Yeah cause that is more important then the cancer know as ISIL. Oh wait you are the Muslim-in-chief islamsympathizer
yea by farming less
Thank you for your support.
you mean trump is going to shut his mouth? Awesome!
I support #ActOnClimate
More strangling Executive Orders, great, what's this one going to cost us?
that's why you're my President
..
methane as in the one cows produce? How about cutting the subsidies for that?
The Obama administration has found more ways to screw the middle class in order to benefit his daddy, George Soros. 

.
