94 million unemployed, double on food stamps, less home buyers since the 50's. You are a disaster as a president.
I need good a job in your country.
if that's true why are you deficit spending GDP is a flat line
@realDonaldTrump America was already great.

Can't help but admire & respect a POTUS who excelled despite Congress.
America is horrible and scary. Communism is around the corner. I won't say more. – at Haven Trailer Park
aren't we 18 trillion in debt with the U-6 unemployment rate at 9.9% and estimated even higher?  & GDP growth at 1.2% or 0.8%
@CJRackers Lets make it #EVENSTRONGER #BryanGarten #MyOperationGDP
....the American economy was the strongest in the world long before you had anything to do with it.
Your that dude that made it happen! Gonna miss u and the family!
thanks to continuous Fed stimulus.
as a registered Independent. I'm proud of the direction of our country. Our future is bright, but could be derailed by hatred.
@DonaldJ_Trump_ sorry but it's no thanks to you
what about employing the disabled.
U  r great
#shoyourright #IseewearehiringsignseverydaynTX
4qqqawaj638hjjwaq4w è  ś
I love you 
Just remind me. How many trillions are you in debt as a result of your warmongering?
Ouch. Sadly addicts can't be cured of addictions without massive support. Humanity is still tribal, dangerously angry
It's an addiction? I guess so. He will have huge withdrawals after November 2016.
I'm condensing history into outrageously brief summary of behaviour due to twitter 140. Military Industrial USA bizarre beast
Yes indeed. More I learn the more I'm distressed.
one of the 6000 non violent criminals you released killed a woman and her kids. What say you?
what have you been smoking ? it is so bad that the feds haven't raised the interest rate in years.
we could see that when the economic recession hit u last time......
In your mind it is, but in the world of REALITY, the hardworking individual is poorer today than they were 8 years ago.
ture
Yeah Right, You're the biggest liar of all times, Obama. Go peddle your message to those fools that believe anything from you !
maybe from where you sit among all your rich friends...I however see more homeless than ever before
is the only president with a brain, past or future.. lol u hear that dumbass.. @realDonaldTrump
I agree that :)
no its not ur tearing it done the hell with you
@BarackObama
only the debt is a small problem
. Ft
just for now.china will be best in the future.
@BarackObama
Islam calls for happiness here and hereafter
not true
proud of you Obama awesome 8 years of hard work. You are the best ever.
more people out of work than ever you are to blame
You think a 3rd world economy is a good economy. That is why you gave $400 mil to terrorists when you could have helped us.
Really? So that is why I lost a good job 9 mths after your policies hurt my co. & now 8 yrs later I'm still unemployed? Huh?
Proof! No Trump will not get in there and screw anything up! No Republicans NONEUnited Blue Governors Senators Crucial 
Salute to job well done, its not only Americans thanking you, the strong American economy benefits other countries too
http://bulimorina1.wonderfulgalleryearth.me/026f69b32d07b4 
MY BOYFRIEND BARACK OBAMA AND SHOULD BE YOU GUY OKAY MY HANDSOME..
I WANT TO HAVE AND ON GOING RELATIONSHIPS AND EVERYTHING ELSE WITH YOU HONEY BARACK OBAMA
I WANT DATE YOU GUY
I REALLY WANT TO LOVE TO YOU HONEY BARACK OBAMA
the future best economy will be one that allows is to think in shrinking opportunities rather than in growth opportunities
right-open and transparent-right. I do not believe you SIR
LMFAO! !! NOTTTTTTT! !!!
@BarackObama
thsts a lie
your the best president for the USA
SO FALSE
The world is great and very strong because we got u by our side OBAMA!!!!! U have truly helped us in this economy. Thank u
what's about Chinese economy?
More mr prez unemployment is up I know 100s with highly accredited degrees who have been out of work for 2 years. Truth please
Strongest？
Over YES IT IS . . Now it needs to trickle down.
You Rock Obama (yeah!)
You lie about our economy like we are not the jobless living in it. U & Hillary either are ... http://m.tmi.me/1ffgun 
U can't keep lying to us with the truth n black & white right n front of u. U lied about ... http://m.tmi.me/1ffguj 
thats my president #fourmoreyears #dumptrumpandhillary
Because it Strengthened at the expense of the developing countries...
so full of shit! DAMN LIAR
maybe u can donate ur winnings from the PGA tour next year back to the economy?. @realDonaldTrump what do u think?!
Bernanke, then Yellen, have been chugging Red Bull for 8 years, not a long term solution
Not the GDP
there's something in the team that you're drinking mr. president
No matter how hard you try. You cant destroy. This nation under God almighty
because you helped put every other countries economy in the toilet as well.  Thanks Obama!
Thank you Mr President.  You are the best.
21 trillion in the gave Iran 400 billion$ gift 52million on food stamos pathetic mr pres
R u kidding?  47.6 mil on food stamps, 48 mil in poverty, low GDP, 53% working part time! Go TRUMP!!!
not true but i love the confidence
And you are supporting this? https://youtu.be/R5SAVUulYv0 
I was blessed to met and shake hands with Barack Obama Monday August 1, 2016 at the Hyatt Regency Downtown Atlanta
With such a national debt??!
Thank you, Mr. Obama, and thank you for all you've accomplished during your years as president.
VIDEO : Oliver North DESTROYS Obama, Says the $400 Million to Iran “WAS RANSOM”
Emotional!China and India will in a few years be champs. The Tiger will grow again.
you do
yet there's an idiot out there that thinks we need to make America great again
Bull Crap!
Is this Smiling Kenyan for Real?
LIAR!
what u now see as strongest now, was much stronger before u and your administration. Donald Trump is right.
@BarackObama

@BarackObama
Again the Prez. telling a lie; is still a lie!
happy for u and Americans
you smoking crack again?
Mr president, Beja of Tunisia calls you to urge American investors to invest in my hometown. Beja does need your nice help...
another lie from a liar. Obama and Hillary have a contest going who can lie the most and not go to prison
see we don't need trump to yap us that... We knew that already
- just turned 60 & this is my very first tweet! Thank you for being the "BEST PRESIDENT EVER!!!
some help please
sir iam eating now you are eating have not eating now eating pls.
most admired quote for any citizen of any country
sir iam confuse who is the good person & who is the frud means Terrorist
@LennyHenry And also one of the most in debt nations on earth. Economic illiteracy on Obama's behalf.
In spite of the lamest Government leadership in history.
@ChisenyeCynthia  that's true Mr President
What a crock of shit, thats why my check was taxed 469 dollars, and given to bullshit lazy fucks who want to live off my money.
Nigeria underway
i've been outta work since June... after 8 yrs of service! Oil field is still hurting in the south! With 3 kids what am i to do
get out China southsea!
我们去美丽的南中国海！
would be even better with 400 million in our economy rather than Iran's
Ireland has us beat by a mile
@BarackObama
"Obama Wins The Gold For Worst Economic Recovery Ever"-Forbes
In 2008 the Lbr force was 154M with 102M working. In 2016 the Lbr force is 159M with 100M working. 2M loss in 8 yrs with Obama
Bullshit! Part time work doesn't pay bills. Thanks for the Healthcare loophole benefitting the rich.
1% gdp is strong?
Yes we still defraud parents and children, and send service men and women to fight for a document we don't value anymore.
the best
@LennyHenry and the people have a choice of trump or Clinton..
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
you ROCK!
held together by a hope and a prayer
Prince William an Kate are coming to Vancouver Island. Would be awesome if you and your family visited
what drugs are you taking Barry
not hardly , but then again you live in a fantasy world
with $20 Trillion debt, more millenials living @home, crushing student loans, near negative interest rates or U forgot?
what were the top economy the world is coming to an end Obama you are horrible get out of office you lie as much as Hillary now
your dilutional
yes because you allow big corporations to use people in other countries as slaves. #alllivesshouldmatter #truth
this tweet just shows what I know to be true. This is your propaganda machine.
lol
That's So WONDERFUL 2 Hear MR PRESIDENT!  But, Is There Any HOPE & CHANGE 4 1ST TIME  OFFENDERS W/ AGGRAVATED ASSAULT CHARGED??
Thank you Mr. President for bringing us back from the brink of economic collapse!Your service has been above & beyond the call!
Bullshit, We're Trillions in debt.
where R U living Disneyland where they eat fake food and fly?
proud of our POTUS working thru a unwilling Congress and representing with class. Thank you!
Then tell me why there are very few construction jobs in my UNION? 130 on the Out of Work List. Normally 10.
Mr President How many Americans would buy such statement?
My brain being controlled by satellite. I was attacked by satellite laser
You are in 20 Trillion dollars of Debt...


And $20,000,000,000 in debt, 94,000,000, not working, 46,000,000 on your welfare. We can't afford your "unfit" ideas. Resign!
You and Hillary agree that importing Muslim woman-haters is good for American women?
yea, liar. To bad we don't get any relief. Then you go to Singapore and Trash Trump. How stupid can you be. Hillary is a LIAR.
Poor poor Obama is worried Trump will undo all thge things he has done to destroy our Country. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTpNdwxf1ag …
I guess this is True too...♡
