Brighter rason
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Mr @BarackObama During your Presidential watch more illegal immigrants deported than any other Presidential watch, Bush n Clinton. Why is a baby born in USA / America whose mothers illegal immigrant, why is a baby legal immigrant? @cnnbrk @FoxNews
good night, good night
we don't need the type the never my president-elect is going to appoint!!
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
India Defeted USA
http://ncrtweb.online/photos 
obama go home bro.. we don't need you anymore
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快乐,再见
Ông Obama vĩ đại!!!
Ur equal up Wimans rights setting modenashon
You dont santé yourself to immigration . If it’s Trump it sur maybee too long and nombrilisme adds front You to You. Événement of shit
You could have installed a justice because Senate refused to act. (Which you would know, being a Constitutional scholar) But you didn't, now we have a Talibangelical who wants to electro-shock gay people. #ThanksForNothing

Is true how are you.?.friend
Good morning
Done I say now worry a
That what it is
They blocked his pick. Did nothing, & now republicans blame him.
I cant explain how happy i get when i think of you and people who see this i might be gay i might not either way i am a human being
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快樂,再見
god bless America. Not Islamic sympathizers
and guess who gets to appoint that Justice. 

Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain and #DrainTheSwamp
I think so too.
How about YOU do your job? Saved any jobs lately? That's right, you're too busy golfing & making dirty deals. C'mon Jan 20!
...limbo? If they were working through our normal immagration laws &  process' towards citizenship they would not be in limbo..
Congress will do its job and work with #PresidentTrump when he sends his appointments for SCOTUS. Not happening with you!  
that is according to a president who keeps importing terror from abroad. #PresElectTrump will appoint a constutionalist SCOTUS
Don't worry,  we the people will take care of our country now.
That's why they are appointed to maintain an uneven number. You are the least intelligent President we have ever had.
Republicans abandoned their rights- so appoint a judge today and let the supreme court decide-Please Just do it
hi
I WANT YOU HONEY
I WANT A BOYFRIEND BARACK?
Replacing Scalia will not be easy, we must keep the SC in balance, and your nominee would not have served all the people.
https://youtu.be/mX7bhd51B4M 
yeah do your job people!!!!!!
#Republican in denial #hope they wake up #

, I'm with you !
- sometimes a tie is better than the wrong team (party) winning!
You've had 8 years to fix immigration - what happened? Oh yeah, you are not a leader!  You are a mere community organizer.
Putin is powerfull, obama is a dweeb http://operline.ru/content/v-mire/aleppo-i-mosul-ochevidnoe-neochevidnoe-infografika.html …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7hM1-amF44 …
You need to do your Job instead of campaigning on the tax payers dollar for Hillary @BarackObama
@misinsimilla. Someone should of told Scalia that!
Barry it's also clear you need to depart. Pls don't come back to Illinois. Fellow dems have already killed this state.
Madigan, Cullerton, Emanuel, Durbin, Schakowaky (plus her in prison hubby for fraud, etc)
always a need to complete the court. Our founding fathers wanted that. But to fill it with more libs will kill this democ Barry
They're holding the spot for you, sir.
No!  We need a new president, and not HilLIARy!
justice for this.
I love to stay in your country am call lauzy pearl
I love u  I like to stay i n your country
soon they will jump and push for Garland's approval.
Dear Mr. President:
Thank you for all you do. You have my support!
..why to push your bullshit agenda
I used to be a die-hard republican until I saw their racist true colors in how they treated the @BarackObama presidency.
keep the illegals out, they are draining our economy
bosss
see I told you you to to exercise the absentee appointment clause. In which you had the power to put someone in there
do your job, instead you are campaining
why you are so scared Barack Hussein Obama? I hope TRUMP will show American people's why. WE will vote for TRUMP definitely!!!
يخرب بيتي شكد حجيك حلو
that is good Sir
#AsshatInChief #stfu
we love u our president
illegal immigrants should be deported..... hence the illegal part...... #TrumpWon #MAGA
file treason charges on them under acts of disruption of government.
Obama Is Bullying His Way Through His Presidency http://www.theblaze.com/contributions/obama-is-bullying-his-way-through-his-presidency/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=story&utm_campaign=ShareButtons … via @theblaze
No.  Not being able to quickly change things is the whole point.  It's how we vet ideas.
you will never get a vote from republicans
I love u... Sir just call me to USA for personal wishes... Please
n they hoped trump would appoint 1 yea rite
OK thats all please waik
naw mise au point by me for ever because it thé all books of god on one.
gee, illegals in limbo.  Thats too bad
ياعبد
خهههههههههههههههه
we do not want to encumber anyone's religion that's going to be a real issue for whoever takes that position
we need more corporation.
I've asked bfor....can we fire the house as a whole or just the Republicans that won't do nutn for u or their job
you never going to get the house to pass your pick for judge, check out now, money waster. DS.
well done
Ikr ridiculous
well said the Great
oh well...get out of office and see what happens. 8 yrs too much of you
Every American needs to rise up and recall every Senator that refuse to convene a hearing for a up or down vote for the nominee
mr. President wish you all the best in your last term in office
you're out, pack up and leave take the furniture, go to Dubai phone your 4.9 million villa. You make me want to puke
and we will appoint one once you are gone, guess you forgot about 2008 where you did the same
sure don't need one that you pick
the poor illegals...wah.
for Supreme Court

Siz oyunlar kurmaya devam edeceksiniz.
Biz oyunlarınızı bozacağız...
#IloveyouTurkey
unfreakingdeniably sir indeed...can you add another term...please
funny you use that hashtag, but yet nothing from you
Too bad Scalia probably got Murdered. Bad timing, huh?
lameduck---no more appointments by you
#current racist GOP refuses to put an up or down vote on Obamas nominee for Supreme Court
It can wait a little longer
I feel anger, and disappointment toward the Republicans that are blocking the nomination of a Supreme Court Justice.
Thanks for putting up with america.
I'd be thrilled if you took the seat!
@suthrngurl  we did vote these shmucks out 2 million more votes and they still stayed in power so the "stolen "label here apply
@wikileaks #Wisconsin #Florida #Pennsylvania #Ohio #AMERICA WAKE UP AMERICA 
VOTE TRUMP TO SAVE AMERICA PLEASE WAKE UP! !!
go play golf
the 9th justice must be a conservative constitutional justice for balance not a liberal hack you want in there sorry bama .
Thank you. Clearly needed the Congress to do their job. The political overruled the necessary.
You brought them in illegally. Your treasonous violation of
our Constitution put them there. Typical liberal. Irresponsible.
if they are here legally then there shouldn't be a problem. You want to force the illegals on us, then skip town for us 2 pay
Woot! Woot! Obama rOcks! #TrashTrump !!!
you have done a superb job! We're going to miss you.. love from@STL
lolz
Not voting on the Supreme Court nominee. That is exactly how Barack wanted it 8 years ago. My how views change with Democrats.
How awful! Leaving the law breakers in limbo
I didnt vote for u because i knew u were a war promoter. Peace makers do not speak like obama does.
@ReadShould Let's get 23 justices on SCOTUS!
You have been the best President ever. Wish you could give us 4 more years. And you are right they need to do their JOB!!!
#POTUSforSCOTUS
We need a Congress that will WORK. Vote those Republicans out of Congress!
You had plenty of power & yet U allowed HRC & her foreign donors to overthrow nearly 5 Countries & start wars in Syria & Libya.
The Supreme Court was not meant to be a political pawn.  This senate has obstructed our highest court.
Project Veritas
need a job
gracias señor, presidente algún día me gustaría visitar su país si ningún inconveniente sería como un sueño hecho realidad
please Obama can you talk about Biafra
Wait.. I hear something... No, it's nothing!

so it's unfair to illegals is what he's saying? I'd rather support LEGAL CITIZENS first.
we are with YOU Mr President #doyourjob hasn't done anything in 8 plus years.. yet they Which e about things not being g done
I have a better idea, How about the congress simply appropriate enough for only seven justices? Send Kagan packing
I miss you already-we need our congress to do their constitutional responsibility and commitment
would you accept a nomination with a Democratic senate? So right!
that's why we want Hillary to be president and not Trump
@BarackObama

as they keep going low, keep going high.
Does Barack Obama ever reply to these Tweets ?
I agree with you 100 percent but as long as the "stolen "Congress is there nothing will happen
thank you Mr. President for 70 months of economic growth over 3 million new jobs and a unemployment rate below 6.0 percent.
We don't need a Supreme Court as much as someone with balls to deal with systemic corruption pervasive in our political system
please stay for another term!!
president Trump will appoint the proper justice and erase what you tried to do to this country #traitor #islamicterrorist
you created this, with your phone and pen. Why didn't you pass immigration reform when you had the majority? #nothingbutlies
Immigrants immigrate legally. Illegal aliens in limbo receiving amnesty is no crisis to anyone but the dem voting base
B4UVOTE#CLINTONCASH
Executive order!
#proudofyouBarack
fight for justice is the hardest
it's a shame we still live in a society where skin color is determining what gets done in this country
Great job Mr. President.  Continue to push for your appointed SCOTUS.
Do yours
Great President love you and your family fantastic person.  Obama for ever. Ciao dall'Italia ♡♡♡
hey
Wait.... are you still in office? I wondered what that quacking noise was.
Since The ENTIRE GOP/BUSH/PRIEBUS/SESSIONS/RYAN/PORTMAN/ETC REFUSES TO DO THEIR JOB;A BIG"YOUR FIRED"GOP/DEA/WAR MONGERS,by2018
j am ITALIANANDYOUCONTEXT REVERSONET SHAME!!
IO
VOTO
""" NO""""
karma's making you pay for having Justice Scalia killed to get your own appointee
maybe if we followed immigration law, we wouldn't have immigrants in limbo
Please stay 4 more years. I'm sure an executive order will do it. The Gomez Family in Philly have appreciated you and Michelle.
