Except it's not when the Dem's are doing it. What's up? You can't remember 8 years ago, Senator Obama?
what is unconscionable is Obama ideology!  Change, transparency, no ideology, and no more Obama's lies!
Stop whining.  You liberals would have done the same thing.
Obama says Senate disagreeing with him is more uncontrollable then terrorists killing Americans! Crazy
There still is a Arrest Warrant for murder waiting in Kenya for Barack Obama for whipping two chained persons to death.
yet you politicize tragedies. You need psychiatric help.
didn't you do the same thing
do YOUR job
yes. politicizing things is the Liberal/Democrat way. Who do those Republicans think they are‽
Take strong decision yesterday incident, all the bedt
He is my best President, Blessings to him and his familiy.
I thought that was you.
يضع سره في اضعف خلقة  عندي الحل للشرق الاوسط علينا ان نتقابل احسن
what like Corrupt Holder????
NO !  Your actions are treasonous !  The new president should choose next supreme court judge..
hmmm Harry Reed + Dose of Own Medicine = Much Whining from The Peanut Gallery
We have a Republican congress that doesnt help America. Obama approval 52% Congress 11% Gallup Polling
You politicize Hillary...
,Mr president r u not hearing what is happening in Nigeria,
you bastard your closing gitmo where all illegal murders are at and you are going to kill 250 million Americans your a bastard
U have wrecked the country with your vindictive hatred towards America Americans and its values!Think about the job you've Done
What's unconscionable is yourbackroom meeting withcorruptHillaryFASLELYlinking INTERNETvideo toBenghazi attacksBlumenthal EMAIL
IS A SHAME YOU NEVER DID YOUR JOB , ONLY THING YOU DID WAS WASTE TAX MONEY ON VACATIONS
tell that to Miguel Estrada
ok
you know Barack why don't you do your job
why don't you do your job and do what you said you were going to do 8 years ago I guess it's too late now next stop Hillary
not a good endorsement in the uk press
Mr. President, your selection of Felona Kagan and Sonia Sodomizer is a disgrace
@BarackObama
You did not even attend a Supreme Court judges Funeral as a President. You are going to get impeached by me for sexual Harris
@HillaryClinton's politicization of  war mongering is ."unconscionable." #youvelostanotherdemocrat  #neverhillary #Bernie2016
@BarackObama
so is 20 trillion in debt since you came into office!!! You suck!
Israel is a state working to intimidate people but is in fact weak from the inside and I mean human agglomeration behind state
You are justas crooked as that Hillary. You endorse her we will know she's in bed with you to ... http://m.tmi.me/1fenjR 
supreme court will be filled by TRUMP with conservative judges not STUPID ELECTED liberal fool's
YOUR POLITICAL WIFE HILLARY need your help new BOOK SAYS she's erratic violent..besides unbelievable LIAR
really you been doing ALL eight horrible years you FRAUD..glad you're HELPING CROOKED HILLARY SHE needs it.go TRUMP
your defense of a bad candidate in by hiding information from the American people is unconscionable. #DoYourJob
did you also say that to the dem congress From 2001 until past 2003 when they wouldn't hold any hearings?
they've had her 5 years. They want me to buy her back.
Susanna Martinez and CYFD are keeping my 9 year old hostage! Please tell them to send Kaitlynn westfall home #Bringkaitlynnhome
i sure do hope you endorse Bernie, Hillary is the opposite of everything you stand for and it would be a disgrace to a legacy
it's time you move on. They're not going to nominate him.
$200 Billion year industry to be RADICALLY CHANGED, http://diycolours.com 
Oh please. Stop acting like there is any real difference between the parties. All any of you care about is money
You will endorse a bad choice for America.
you argued for the same thing as a Senator. Hypocrite!
#bidenrule 
#noscotusvote
#enoughalready
下台了还批话多

@MonsterMarcia They will lose the Senate over this, but it's still hard to take.
nope. It's fair! Trump has his list you goat
@GOP @SenateGOP #DoYourJob
Their just following YOUR example!!!!
RT"@BarackObama.THIS-,Will be taught,And (#TksGod) learnt by Future Generations of Youg-US-Citizens-to-Become, as a #BadExample..
they are doing their job, Thank God. 
this supports constitution success whether morally or immorally wrongful acts are first judge of leaders then so called rebels
my open address to President BO remember the reason why Hitler suffered prosecution was of one word moral or opportunity .
ah yes, reminds me of when a young senator from Illinois filibustered a Supreme Court appointment.
as a Canadian I think the Senate r prejudice n a disgusting bunch of juveniles.  It's a change from our juveniles in office 
Like you say "Do your job" that means you too! DO YOUR JOB MR.PRESIDENT...........
lovexxxx
we the people do not want any lame duck
@BarackObama
Not all of us r as stupid as you would like 2 believe! We know ur game! Why do u think other countries laugh & hack us!
The Senators are traitor of our Country Because they not follow The Constitution Form of USA, so Let them be Traitor of USA
You are unconscionable! U lie & deceive the Amer. people like Hillary! You r destroying our country
you're just ill. In every way. Ill.
thank you from my daughter

Unconscionable to politicize Supreme Court but it is perfectly reasonable to pack DC Court of Appeals w/ 3 Democrat judges.
please fix this election and DO NOT ALLOW A CORRUPT CRIMINAL OFF THE HOOK
-There is no constitutional justification for the Senate Republicans' position.
If the senate wants to deny you they can. Remember the constitution, the thing you were supost to read before you became pres
yup...
nor just unconscionable but unconceivable of reason of The Senators They don't have heart at all they just look for themselves
says the communist who doesn't let a shooting go to waste to attack our 2nd Amendment rights.
#Trump2016 #Nevercrookedkillary
maybe they've had enough liberal appointments.  Want someone with a fair sense of justice and patriotism..
You didn't mind doing it when you were a senator.
The Politicizer-in-Chief accusing Senate leaders of politicizing!  Amazing feat of politicizing from the "professor"!
Agree!
hows that #irs targeting investigation going? Seems like that "politicization was ok with you.
it's funny how when the Dems do this its ok. Again more double standards by the liberals.
congress should be sent to there rooms without dinner until they do their  jobs.
& politicization in #Autobailout is ok? Top up union then illegally seize non-union Delphi pensions. "We did it for the unions"
#quityourjob
Please don't participate in this Fake election. Wait till it's really over! Don't destroy the respect we have for you. Peace
When TRUMP is ELECTED supreme court will be CONSERVATIVE with RIGHT thinking right ACTION RIGHT results..
NO YOUR TEARING DOWN MARRIAGE AD ORDAINED BY GOD THAT'S INCOMPETENCE AND HYPOCRISY.MR COWARD IN CHIEF 
The entire GOP is a bunch of authoritarian assholes. It is no wonder Dodgy Donnie is acting up the way he is.
...But it was OK when the shoe was on your "assehole's" foot!  Hypocritical amnesia? Take a suppository!
please support Sanders... For the people,and our future.
so is fracking...and Monsanto protection Act.
What is "unconscionable"  a political system.programing the people to make sure that history is made twice in 8 yrs by Ur party
so is your "presidency"..
@Byron Mr. President I love your work I really love it. Can you make harmful Chemicals illegal. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!
لماذا لا يتم تشكيل تحالف دولي ضد الأرهاب بقيادة أمريكا وتأيد روسي وحلف أوروبي عربي طالمة الخطر على جميع دول العالم
I absolutely agree.To watch the GOP Senators act like the Supreme Court is their play thing & they own it, is as bad as it gets
POTUS, sometimes no action is a policy. No more liberals on SC!
They're consistent.

مساء الخير سيدي الرئيس 
قامت داعش بحرق نساء يزيديات منذ عدة ايام حسب المعلومات الواردة لماذا لا يتم تشكيل تحالف دولي ضد ارهاب
Help Puerto Rico! 
as is your interference in our referendum.
You should talk, Hussein, a RACE baiting black TURD!  Sorry!  You should be in JAIL yesterday, not today!  What goes around?
It is unconscionable that you have not been impeached, prosecuted, and imprisoned.
@agentlinton - Things always circle around in life. 

http://www.westernjournalism.com/poetic-juctice-obama-was-1st-us-president-to-vote-for-filibuster-in-supreme-court-nomination/ …

Let's not forget Biden saying it should wait
good catch
- Not that either action is right. It really shows how our politicians are not out for the people but agenda.
Pot calling kettle black, and your next phony hypocritical distraction will be?
https://www.facebook.com/Stop-Killing-innocent-pashtuns-565066230303720/?ref=bookmarks …
Republigluttons CAN NOT GOVERN worth a damn!  We see this over and over again!  #DoYourJob or resign from office!!!
@BarackObama
Are you kidding me? He needs to look in the mirror. He is talking to himself!!
the height of hypocrisy..deploreable
Yes, it's just like yours was. Fair for you - fair for the Republicans. Time to resign the presidency and move to Yeman loser.
Best of the Iraqi Council of Representatives everyone thieves
There is just too much politicization going around now...and yes, it all is unconscionable.
askim obisim
Not releasing Hillarys emails is "unconscionable"
#comeoutswingingbarackobama show them how it's done!
So is yours, be fair why do you want to nominate 1 because it would support your agenda, right?.
Incorrect usage of quotation marks. It is literally unconscionable, not merely metaphorically! (You're still the best.)
the best at what, turning his back on America.
SICK BURN.
sick of BHO and most liberal way of thinking.
To be completely honest, you'd do much better to stop following people you hate on Twitter. Follow what you love instead.
I don't follow you. For your info I don't hate anyone unlike the liberals I see at these political demonstrations.
Oh, I meant Obama's Twitter account. Don't be coy, you clearly harbor hate for him and have the ability to hate groups of people.
lol, it's so nice that you can know my heart. Do I like Obama, no I do not, but i don't hate him. Sorry to disappoint you.
#DoYourJob ©
will you be on the first commercial biofuel flight today with Alaska Airlines
OBAMA WILL BE DESTROYED BY THE KING OF KINGS LORD OF LORDS YESHUA JESUS CHRIST. ALL YOU KINGS WILL DIE
Both parties are guilty of politicizing the Supreme Court.  That is why there are many problems vetting judges.
OBAMA IS GOING TO BOMB AND FLOOD NEW YORK AND THE HOOVER DAM TO BRING IN THE ILLUMINATI NEW WORLD ORDER. OBAMA IS A DEAD FREAK
# what issue is not politicized by politicians of both parties? We the people knows the truth.
that's y theyre having the problems they r having now with Trump and this judge.....sowing &reaping
lack of self-awareness
And a pen and phone is not? you think you are the ruler of the US, but we have news for you all exec orders gone buy in Jan
you politicize race, kids, and everything else to fit ur agenda. #hypocrite now shut up. No one listens to u anymore
Why can't they be arrested for contempt?
Hey, remember when you smeared SCOTUS during a SOTU? #hypocrisy
Thank God just few more month of this Bozo
When was the last time you did yours?
n @BarackObama importing ShariaLaw = #FGM + murdered #LGBT isnt ? #DNC #DoYourJob #Waronwomen #PrideMonth #LGBTPride
@BarackObama
انا عايز منحة دراسية ياريس
kiss off Islamic terrorist
and Judge Merrick is not even a "Mexican" or "Muslim" or a non-10 woman!
