Apparently, it doesn't matter what we say anymore; the Congress is unaccountable to the American people.
the American people are 100% accountable for congress and unfortunately for u the people are not on ur side.
So happy to know you "speak" for the people. As such, you should get off twitter & just get your own pulpit.
If we need an ID to vote, then we should all be sent one directly by the federal gov't.
or you could get off your lazy ass and get one.
we don't need another liberal judge who won't stand for the constitution
Senator McConnell is doing the right thing ,gayboy.After you had Judge Scalia http://murdered.Now  we'll wait for the next President
No, He has every right to wait for the next Pres. to do that.
I.p.o.b. the indigenous people of biafra are still asking for  unconditional release of our leader mr nnamdi kanu
biafrans want to go 
free our leader mr nnamdi kanu
So should have FBI, NSA , CIA but u politicized them and used as weapons against opponents. Obamas banana republic. Good riddens !
isn't it time for Senator to retire ? 
Sick of seeing the same obstructionist faces
Republicans realize Americans have been suffering for 8 yrs. Time to end the corruption.
then appoint a conservative who supports gun rights!
TY, BO. I'm sure MitchieMc is SUPER PROUD of the candidate HIS PARTY chose 2 REPRESENT ALL REPUBLICANS. WTG, Mitch!
We had enough of your failed policies, leave the Oval office. No one is ever going to miss you.
@kathy_tkat @SenateDems @OfficeGovEthics 
Is it against Gov ethical standards 4 M. McCornhole oop I mean McConnell 2 not do job
CLEARLY #logistiscare IMPUNITY 2violate fedlaw fed contracts &block #medival Access disabled #babies U COVER UP  #DEPLORABLE
Why don't you just write an executive order to appoint, its not like you care about the Constitution or representative gov.
@BarackObama PROWD
There wages should be reduced by half.
This coming from the BIGGEST partisan politician ever
should be in prison
This is one of the few times I am proud of McConnell. Keep the vote away until the next president makes a nomination.
not all republicans are racists but all racists are republicans
Might be the best thing he's ever done. There hasn't been enough obstruction in Congress. They are NOT your rubber stamp!!
if it's above partisan politics, then you wouldn't fill federal courts with left-wing loony justices. #hypocrite
so should d president...#u_suck
The dictatorship of the senate is a hint of things to come.  Don`t let Trump destroy America.
GOP controlled house & senate will go down in history as the most ineffective in American history, that is McConnell's legacy.
n obama as worst potus ever !!!
á l.
Americans will never let you choose next Justice.  Go play golf.  You're done here. No need for you.
Life can be a bitch can't it Barry ?...
Nope Baracky, no more of your damage we've had enough. Why dont you work on getting police policy revamped instead. Help out..
your party did the same thing to then President Bush, go throw your tantrum elsewhere
holy crap. Even Killary lies better than you. Do your job. Only Democrats are as dumn as u think. #WorstPresidentinhistory
McConell is right wait till trump wins then the right Judge will be up there with the rest of them
it's really scary that even president of USA can't get anything done.
do u not remember your effort to block a Supreme Court nominee.
Anyone you nominate would shred the Constitution.  NO WAY do I want any of your nominees near the court.
Yes & the FBI and DOJ shouldn't be playing partisan politics either, but that's what is happening in ur corrupt administration
also Barry you don't appoint SCJ you make recommendations.  And your choices are unfit so yeah cry us a river.
hey Barry you are not a dictator the majority of the Us represented by congress believe your unfit to choose the next judge.
OBAMA FOR PRISON! END ELECTRONIC HARASSMENT! FREEDOM OF THOUGHT IS A MUST! OUR RIGHTS ARE FOUND IN OUR MINDS! FFCHS!
Prosecute McConnell
but it was ok for @Obama to filibuster in 2006 to stop Samuel Alito's nomination #selectivememory
keep holding, Senator!
good sir
我爱你
Obama you will leave and trump will take your place stop hating white people and telling people to fight white people
, Sen McConnell should be ashamed, to not do his duty & to not to vote on the public record.
thank you please gifted 300 dairy queens to mr dr billy graham and pastor jamal bryant and pastor franklin graham.thanksjaf
PROUD AS HELL
if they don't do their jobs, dock their pay.
disrespect to this president.
Mr. President if you wasn't black they wouldn't give you a hard time with anything you try to accomplish .
He is the re-incarnation of Richard Nixon who is seated in the U.S. Senate. Watergate anyone?
They should all be put on trial for treason!
and the next one should be choosin by the next president Donald trump not you
lol . you don't work for Trump
TRUMP AND TRUMP´S!
go suck Michael
Do your J-O-B Senator McConnell. #punishmenttrumpsOBSTRUCTION
What happens if > 40 senators vote the way #hypocrite @BarackObama voted on cloture vote (filibuster) of @SCOTUSnom?
http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=109&session=2&vote=00001 …
Senator McConnell, a man who knows what he's doing is wrong, but says it's right & pretends to believe it, has NO integrity.
Senator McConnell you are dead wrong - allow the vote take place
i agree to hold off nomination till u are out of office.
Dont trust your policies.
.
Look who's talking,you sound like a mentally ill man,but you're not,you want to "CHANGE"us into a Muslim COUNTRY,it's your goal
hopefully a lot of the republicans will be gone and Hillary  can get on with the work at hand.  Thank you for your service!
You're a war criminal along with @HillaryClinton #StopArmingSaudi #Yemen #StopWars #SteinBaraka2016
Impeach Ertl the Turtle for breach of his oath to uphold the Constitution. Gotta be a hungry lawyer out there somewhere? C'mon!
Unprecedented? There you go lying again. You helped establish the precedent In 2006, with Alito.
@Peachie100 Message:  "Deplorable!"
Nothing but Jeffrey. No class whatsoever. Thinks he's running things?
The POTUS, SCOTUS & many states' referenda have spoken for us already. Trump, & those who ascribe are nearly done.
Senator McConnell really needs to advised the House to vote on Judge Garland. Senator McConnell  according to the constitution.
I support you President Obama in making the Senators do their job of confirmation.   Why don't the other senators talk to him?
@GreatDismal yeeeeah lets just see how long that sentiment lasts once Trump is sworn in. 
fire his ass
so should the DOJ

Do your JOB. Stop being useless.
Mitch, wait, just wait. You have done a great disservice to your country and your constituents based on racial bias. Ugley.
jawline goals
dont leave us
He's decided to literally stand in the way to try stop them.
The senator can't stand the  generational n lifetime opportunities that came Obama's way.
Not Obama. I stand with my President! . Trump a fruitcake!
why don't you try to bring the country together with all this national flag crap going on
McConnell sucks.
Go Michelle! Great speech in Virginia...she's as good as you at speaking, Barack..
Will SomeOne Let This Your Lady Know The Monsters McConnell Is At The Core Of Her Issues She Raised
YOU have NO moral authority on remaining above partisan politics. You are a fraud.
retire
we the I.p.o.b. the indigenous people of biafra are still asking for the unconditional release of our leader mr nnamdi kanu
shouldn't one stop being a politician when the election is over, and start being an elected official.
Senator Turtle is wrong and I hope it will cost him the senate leadership in November.
Mitch needs to get the stick out of his butt, and get the job done NOW.
McConnell will go down in history as the biggest obstructionist in the history of the nation!  #DoYourJob Mitch
but isn't partisan politics the whole reason BO is desperate to appoint a justice NOW?
What a horrible JOKE that statement represents!  The Supreme Court is the most politicized institution in the Country.
and so should you Mr. President
he looks like a turtle
only WE THE PEOPLE can fix this!  We need to get rid of Republican obstructionism in November!
u are the biggest failure! Using Supreme Court to push your agenda!Should be a balanced court!Half liberals half conservatives.
#McConnell should give vote
I don't give a skit where you where born ! You are the best ever happened to this country love you
the commie wants to censor your internet, take away your freedom of speech.
Not an achvmnt on his part @HillaryClinton will be elected President to finish it. Thank u for your hard work, sir. God bless.
Who will expose we have a Hitler protégé running 4 office? wash post,trump the comeback huckster.
McConnell is part of the National Embarrassment of the Republican lead House. We must change this, #VoteDemDownline
It's outrageous
I presume that criminals are proud when they have suceeded to perform a criminal act
Let's collectively create a DC unemployment spike in the Senate and House...replace with people who want to work.
absolutely

someone has to stop you.  You've contributed little but dividing the country.  Now you want supreme nomination out the door?
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account, remitted back to the United States,
Just goes to show how twisted and brainless he is
I totally agree with you. But is tweeting all that is being done about it?  Throw some lawyers at him or something.
You're correct Mr. President, which makes your picks of Sotomayor and Kagen shameful. #hypocrite
@SenateMajLdr DO YOUR JOB MCCONNELL
The Senate needs to do its job. Americans through out this country would be FIRED if they refused to do theirs!! GET TO WORK!!
McConnell needs to get his old self out of Congress. Obstructionist have no place in politics.
@HillaryClinton You can't change a mindset locked in ignorance & obstruction not for the greater good. #IntakeBlocked
He's a fool!
Maybe if you guys wouldn't shit on the 1st, especially 2nd, and 5th Amendments this wouldn't be a problem...
Sen McConnell will do down in INFAMY, the breach is uncalled for, they will get  liberal judges when Hillary is elected!
Unprecedented? You can probably get your drones who cant or don't read to believe that.
@SenateMajLdr Majority leader committed #Treason this last 8 years.
millions of unborn babies fate is on the line...
don't pay him....I don't get paid if I don't do my job..
I agree! McConnell is way out of line!! I want to see negotiation and compromise, not child-like, irrational opposition.
yea so why have you and others put it there
@my1voice56 Sen. McConnell & his GOP colleagues are a disgrace. #DoYourJob Senator!
McConnell should be put on trial for treason. Lock him up, lock him up.
@catoletters @petejohn10 Wondering how a two-time president is so unpresidential & biased against rival presidential candidate
ＲＥＴＷＥＥＴ

       ＡＮＤ

 ＦＯＬＬＯＷ      @AK_BJP

༺•☾✭☽•༻Іf УОU ШАNТ  FOLLOШ BАCК
     
༺•☾✭☽•༻Іf УОU ШАNТ  FOLLOШ BАCК

@AK_BJP
If only he cared what Americans think.
Where's his neck??
Go away nobody cares what you think or say anymore.
The senator is right! You have messed up enough for our  country...
@jasoninthehouse @HFA @realDonaldTrump McConnell is a Political Disaster! People will not condone a Democratic Dictatorship!
this tweet is partisan.
.@BarackObama So when are you going to liberate #Jarablus & cut ISIL's supply lines.
THANKS MCCONNELL..
it's never been above politics...
savage
McConnell and Trump, two of a kind, ignorant, leeches, disgraceful, bigots liars.  These two should be in jail and hanged.
may your retired life be more prosperous
McConnell is actually breaking the law, and the manner he did it is considered Conspiring. Glad Grimes is set to take him down.
actually they are doing their job!! No new judge until mr trump is elected.
Born in the USA thank you mr @realDonaldTrump for ending what @HillaryClinton started
Kentucky vote out your NRA Senator Mitch McConnell
ok
. I did write to John McCain. I won't vote for him.
Sadly @SenateMajLdr not capable of feeling shame. Thank you for being the adult in the room, Mr President. You will be missed.
DEAR MR PRESIDENT PLEASE GIVE THE TRUTH TO HUMAN'S...KNOWLEDGE SHOULD NEVER BE DENIED TO THE HUMAN RACE KNOWLEDGE IS NOT SECRET
THE TRUTH WILL TAKE CARE ALL THOSE TROUBLED ONES.
.    Mitch McConnell is another racist old outdated POS!!!

Mitch's species is known for its "slow but steady" pace of doing things. Give him time...
in the senate and GOP, not doing their jobs is something they are always proud of. And taking bribes. They sure love bribes
yes this has been LARGELY overlooked during this campaign! Obstruct, then say country has not done well. @HillaryClinton
