$19 trillion+ dollars in the hole on your watch is not progress; it's insanity.  Thankfully, your "work" is almost done.
You're religious. I would stay quiet before you take any more L's
What?  I don't love Barry.
@assbott @GreedyPatriots @BarackObama sure you  don't
LOL true with these trump suckers
please stay the president. I'm honestly terrified for anyone else to be
fuck off
u have spent more money than any other pres
A whole lot more.  Its why @HillaryClinton needs to embrace us #Progressives, instead of marginalizing.
...sure... in the bubble. She needs us. EXPAND THE AUDIENCE. #DemsInPhilly #DNCinPHL
Thank you from the %5 we need it.
The Christian God will deal with you in the hereafter for allowing a dirty crooked woman with insatiable appet  for power
5% increase doesn't even cover illegal aliens and H1-B Visa holders. Reality is no more are covered %agewise. & premiums are up
trump also agreed with Obama on this issue.  Will you thank him?
#BlackLivesMatter
because they will get fined if they dont sounds pretty communist to me!
there have been more terroist attacks on your watch than any other pres
Pls Stop standing there like Caesar, giving your unwanted opinion toAmerians on Mr TRump! You are no one!
you ran up our deficit. "That's irresponsible. Unpatriotic "
Esperando en Dios mucha Larga Vida i Salud.
u are very unfit
u are divisive
I voted for you twice.  You can't brag about the success of the affordable care act when you basically force people to sign up.
big up to you Obama
You didn't do enough.  You sold out to profiteers and took single-payer off the table. Your legacy is spotty at best.
if anybody was unfit to serve it was you. You destroyed my military, the economy, and race relations.
progress??????????  Are u being serious
PROGRESS? Where? Says Obama who Destabilized the ENTIRE MIDDLE EAST. Worst POTUS Ever!
Obama Care will soon by O bye bye care bc Obama Don't Care about USA
WHAT ABOUT ATHEMA
I have to pay for REHAB coverage when I have never drank or used drugs Why Barry? Why am I paying for services I will never use
like backing lying, crooked Hillary? She's unfit to be president
except now I don't have financial security. Mine went up $7,000 last year thanks
YeSSAnDIt ShaLL BE.
WiThouT #FeaR & #Cynicism.
#SmiLeS
Building#Bridges#ToGeTheR
#WELoVeYOUHaRd
Good http://Mr.president.Here  Tanzania we need a president such like you.
would you name some of that progress.because I beg to differ
how are you
so for billions of dollars we got less than a 5% increase in coverage and no reduction costs for others.  Some bargain.
Obama care Going down...In two yrs or less it won't exist.
politics and numbers though 5% is an increase in the  USA
I couldn't afford it when I needed it
Doesn't that make an increase of about 5% Sir?
This is duty.   this is life.
all of us who were doing our best to pay for insurance b4 ur Obama care, now have to pay more... Another good job done.
In all good conscience (God is watching you)how can you endorse Hillary? She cannot wash her hands enough!
bravo
The Battle rages on at http://exactcolors.com 
I am one of those who lost my job and my health insurance. Thanks to Obamacare and my coveroregon website, I have insurance!
Thank you Mr. President!!
Thank you and God bless you Mr. President !
CHIP-IN WITH US! http://easycolorexpress.com 
yes, I glad because I found out I a lot of medical issues
salutes 
thank you so much G
.
@cheapgordo essentially he is saying coverage went from 85 to 90%.  But in a tricky way
no....I don't think so. Stop lying Barry!
you've had 8 years,
so 85% to 90%. That's only a 5% shift. Huge dollars, small result. #obamalegacy
For years, Trump was in favor of a Single Payer System.  Now that RW Conservatives have gotten ahold of him; says he opposes!
pants of fire
such a wonderful speech at the DNC 2016 ! You are the best President ever...
at $ 523 a month!! Insane.
Anger and hate...?  Trillions have been loot out SOCIAL SECURITY...Cut the BULLSHIT AND GET OUR  MONEY or it will be more anger
...BLAME ANGER AND HATE.....?   Where are THE TRILLIONS LOOT OUT OF SOCIAL SECURITY...?  Cut the bullshit and end CORRUPTION..
adding TRILLIONS to our debt is NOT MAKING PROGRESS. where is our tax $$ that bailed out auto industry?
best speech ever,I'm Canadian but still have a need and passion to see Hillary win over evil Trump.You made me cry and laugh,ty
suddenly hilary is the best candidate for you, 8 years ago you told the opposite.
OBAMA PROMISED TO LABEL GMOS
  @POTUS #vetoDARKact! You promised to label GMOs! S.764's QR codes are NOT labels!
U HAVE DONE NOTHING BUT CAUSE A DIVIDE RACISM HATE POVERTY U CALL THAT PROGRESS PEOPLE OUT HERE ARE DYING U CALL THAT PROGRESS
Irac almost has a bomb!!! thats progress???
we will miss you sir !!!
GIVEAWAY AT 500 FOLLOWWEERS!! GIVING AWAY A $100 PAYPAL CODE!! #Follow #Giveaway
My brain being controlled by satellite. I was attacked by satellite laser
Great speech from a great president. Thank you President Obama.
Yup, they're covered, but can't use their health insurance...your own advisors say use not coverage counts!!!
Clinton is a candidate not a femalecandidate.Stating that she is a femalecandidatesounds like you were making sexual apartheid.
Mr President? We have come a long way on race. Why haven't you disavowed this sir? -->
Why?  Because they are forced to purchase a shitty product that barely "covers" them to make insurance companies more wealthy.
vallahi yüce allahın mahkemesinde siz zalimleri savunup koruyacak hiç bir avukatınız olmuyacak.
My friend god bless you and to your all family now to next
I swear to God's supreme court will not have any lawyer to defend you.
Your date it was dirty and contaminated land, the land will remain until the Day of Judgment will never cleaned your history.
Had enough yet you shed blood and tears, words can you receive in Syria in Iraq in Afghanistan?
The new Middle East with new crusade Would you turn into a bloodbath?
龙的传人lengend of the dragon
I mean we will shed more blood of Muslims in the Middle East Mr. President?
We have made much progress and then there is much to be done?
vous avez été la chance du monde. Tank you
15% uninsured means 85% insured when you took office. Whow a 5% gain for how many billions spent.
Thank you so much for your Service
@BarackObama
thx for dividing this country, making us less safe and killing our stagnant economy, ur legacy isn't great
Watched your speech last night from Canada. INCREDIBLE!
sì ma per questo devi ringraziare il programma preparato dalla Lady Hillary @HillaryClinton che aveva già predisposto tutto...
we've made backward progress and you my dear helped put us there. Don't be proud.
When you took d job, there were no incessant shootings like nw
You Obama, are Un American
Thank you for everything you have given us Mr. President. #standwithher #makeachange #DontBooVote
Very proud to be living in this era where you are the president of  A great country which takes the lead in 
World peace.
: because you forced them to get coverage or be fined. This is what dictators do.
my heroe
Agent Orange at yo service ^_^
do you reallyse That worldwar 3 is coming up what r THE united states going to do?
THANK YOU
the only progress you've made is increasing the mess that you created in the middle east,we feel it here in Australia.
Do you work ends ?!
Your term is almost up, your NOBAMACARE WILL BE RECALLED, and TRUMP WILL WIN! #NEVERHILLARY #RIGGEDSYSTEM #WAKEUP
thank you! Could I please have an autographed picture sent to me? Thank you
then do . Best of luck
The mind is not pleased with little.
Amazing presidency!
Mr. President your speech was powerful. Loved it. You are a great leader and  fully understand the qualifications of a leader
19 trillion us debt doubled under obama
Great leader  best of luck
lies deceit backing the ultimate corrupt bureaucrat a tragedy for our country he and his foolish cabal
Guerras de Estados Unidos causan crisis de refugiados http://bit.ly/2agFkA4   vía @workersworld
and none of it includes that #PathologicalLiar, @HillaryClinton. So #NotQualified when one has to cheat to win. #JillNotHill
like #Obama say don't boo just vote
Thank you Mr. President for your service to our country and for maintaining your dignity & leadership in the face of ignorance.
.........Isn't hat just 5% more covered?
A barn buster of a speech from a gifted orator. But we need to talk about drone strikes against civilians. HR for all humans.
president,u r my idol
#BlackLivesMatter
follow me boss 
dégage ......
"Don't be the arse America!!" https://youtu.be/CceQISThDYQ 
let's see if it's true you answer to people that want to talk to you direct please do me the honor thank you love you 
what about have a meeting in near future?
only 5℅more #wordplay
Lol, what progress? You basically doubled our debt thanks to your policies.
:You are lucky to have Michelle with you, listen to her: follow her thoughts & ideas. Great lady, people love him.God bless.
On the importance of proper breathing for health and other issues for world #karmasutra Please RT
I admire you so much and will miss you when you leave white house. A Zambian who is really love the way you do things.my model
сдавайся обезьяна
