By faithfully representing the interests of the voters that sent them there THEY ARE DOING THEIR JOB.

#DoYourJob
They're not doing anything, acting like children and they underestimated President Obama he removed their mask.
LOL Underestimated??? Hardly. Obamacare, the Middle East... @BarackObama is an unmitigated disaster.
@BarackObama
الناه
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
Glulgluuu
aren't you the same person that thinks Hillary is the most qualified Pres nominee ever? your judgement MAY be a few miles off
wow!!!!!!! such an outstanding feet
Bumsalue
THIS MAN MUST BE ACCEPTED, AND PLACED ON THE SUPREME COURT!!!  WAY PAST TIME!!!
"Do as I say, not as I did"
- HYPOCRITE @BarackObama,
who voted to FILIBUSTER justice Alito!
http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=109&session=2&vote=00001 …
Trump will save us all don't worry. You can sleep better after January.
Average Weeks Unemployed is higher now
than under any previous @POTUS @WhiteHouse!
http://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS13008275&from_year=1948 …
#ThanksObama!
If you're a typical "progressive",
you won't be able to handle the truth,
& you'll block me.
TRUTH:
When @GOP last held House, Senate & POTUS,
economy was better than it is now.
https://itooktheredpill.wordpress.com/2016/08/02/the-lost-decade-economy-is-worsenow/ …
#WorseNow
Let's just let white people run everything and all will be well. Blacks, Hispanics, Indians & Asians all in their place. HAPPY?
Racists talk about color of skin, not content of character.
Sexists talk about gender, not content of character.
Then President Obama must be the worst person you have EVER known. Wow!
what does experience matter when it's the wrong experience?
I won’t believe you don’t actually like Trump until you rant against him for once. :)
Like in the middle of last night when he told the world to go watch a sex tape to prove his point.
I hear you... so Hillary is better because she's more discrete? She's shut down and covered up RAPE victims of bill. Matter?
I mean were is the evidence that bill gates raped anyone
I just don't believe Hilary let bill rape girls just Like I don't believe the queen is a reptilian shapeshifter
"believe" you probably don't know about the Arkansas St. Trooper woman collecting for Bill. Well documented
no i dont but its probably a conspiracy too
Barack, If you like him, I like him! Period.
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
, Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse , la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
Halooo
You call him Merrick.  We call him loser.
should have done your job and not campaign for killary.
Nice messieurs le président
:let him perform his duty.
We don't want a liberal justice...period.
he's not qualified to be dog catcher
The people must vote the Republicans out of office to return democracy to our government.
@MckennaBcxxx4 Trump will become the dumbest president/and the First Lady will be tabloid star/hope she gets fat
- NO -TRUMP WILL NOT- SERIOUSLY!
YES!!!!!
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
总统先生您好，你是传奇
انت رئيس خبيث جدا وكيري كذالك لم يمر على امريكا مثل هذاwascd
, The world have one heart, this is in the Amazon and the Republicans, have head where?
yeah and he's a flaming liberal. Uh yeah no thanks Barrack!
Long Tradition Of Natural Law produces Posterity not Aliens ! Supreme Court One Term ! Why Polygamy Laws from Congress?
join The Connected College of Business @ccob.co "The Best Next Thing!"
The GOP majority owe the American public and Judge Garland an apology. They are neglecting their responsibility. Do your job!!
geez give it a rest! Every day same thing.
No Way!!!
Not if you recommend him.  Just another chit in the dems pocket.
he is one your lunatic selection on the left side Saul Alinsky
question: are you finally interested in Isil now that there is an election? So it was a game after all. Thanks for your answer
Nice picture. We sure he wasn't shot by a cop? Looks like all were missing is the cap and gown.
we continue to pray for the "Do Nothing Congress"
I remember when you were against Citizens United. This judge will uphold it.  The DNC has changed you!
Ha ha. Never been more qualified like Hillary, right? :)
no he didn't
hello president
you see that's what it's been like for the past 7 years. Do everything to try to break him. That's been the policy of congress
Problem is...you and this Administration ALWAYS HAVE  a hidden agenda, that NEVER benefits, we, the People!
Obama i am unsure just as you are, why their not doing their job.  I wish you could serve another term
REPUBLICANS weak argument base on NO principle of Constitution, advise&consent ALL The Way. Adam last day&last wish "Midnight"
why should we trust anyone you support. Heads of dept brought before congress. IRS, State Dept, FBI, DOJ....
Sorry to say,Mr President, the Republicans will never approve Judge Garland.For them its political,not about justice & fairness
REMINDER..........
The #progressive voters who elected you based on your progressive platform appreciate the moderate knife in the back. #Obama
Worst Congress Ever.  Never voting Republican again.  Wouldn't want to be associated with those whiny childish sore losers.
truly shameful and despicable... I wouldn't HAVE a job if I didn't do what I was paid to do!!!!
Hey Dude you are going to wear that fellows picture out
.@BarackObama There has never been a less qualified POTUS, but you have done fantastic things. No wait, that's what u think.
for what post

if you say it, it isn't so!!!!!
um

Uign.nyngmmymy

Y

Ym.g
Y hubbyg
Hymnyl

.
Agreed, but we do need Justices with defense experience as well.
Yes
GOP should give up or down vote, my vote for Potus in 2012 should be honored.
Hang in there mr.garland
@SenateMajLdr After HRC Wins those Unethical Partisan Liars in the Senate will confirm Obama's Nominee.
@POTUS 
The republikkkans are waiting to vote on you when Hillary nominates you for SCOTUS! I do pray!
#LoveYouSir
@mariecasey1 I hope he gets put in before the end of Obama's term
U
mr.president best regards...

If Obama wants him he must be just as corrupt as the rest of the Washington insiders. Maybe the FBI can do the background. LOL
you are right sir.
or Hillary can nominate you after the election.
no he doesn't, remember what you said during the end of Bush's term?? Or what you said about raising the debt ceiling??
hey is it true that wasps all have micro-penises?
ask him if he thinks this is terrorism. Answering yes disqualified him.
This is what #Syrian face just because they're asking for Freedom and some dignity that's it
#Ghouta today 9 civilians killed dozens injured 
I think we need to wait till Trump is president before we start picking supreme court
say no to liberalism
mujhe senet mae bhale he samil hone ka abasar mile par mae bharatey rajaneti mae to ja sakta hu.yah abasar to mile.@WhiteHouse
mae senet mae samil nahi hounga to koie bat nahe.par rajaneti mae jane ka abasar milana chahiye .mitra.
yet again I concur and rt
Drop it
Yes sir that's what we need more DC insiders 
#BidenRule
#NoScotusVote
#EnoughAlready
#FailedPotus
#HillaryForPrison2016

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account,  remitted back to the United States

भारत का साथ देने पर हाफिज सईद ने दी अमेरिका को धमकी ?http://hindi.news24online.com/hafiz-saeed-pakistan-surgical-strikes-us-84/ …
your "legacies" and your recent actions have proven your sense of judgment and articulation are impaired .
Mr. President don't let the Russians ruin the election for Hillary please we need her to win
What are you trying to prove by stalling? Act unilaterally on all appointments let the Senate stew, look stupid undoing them.
the senate needs to do their job
nice
don't trust u no matter who u nominate
no this liberal is against America as you r and Clinton
so what Barack, you said the same for Mrs Clinton
@MitchMcConell move forward with the vote and try to make KY proud of you at least once.
glad to know your highness
No he doesn't. The American people don't even get a fair vote. Who is this guy they he deserves one??
Those Republicans house don't has a clue what their are passing bill for, they don't read the bills so SAD Americans.
maybe if you did your job others would follow.
I agree
Dre oj simpson
judges are petty kings, without real life experiences feeding on DOJ budgets funded by victims of our times " SERVITUDE "
After posting comments on Twitter some CUDA Malware destroyed my Twitter account.

" WH " ADMIN,  NO RESPECT for USA citizens
NO WAY IN HELL DO WE WANT YOU  HELPING OUR COUNTRY ANYMORE....VERY UNTRUSTWORTHY...LIAR..
not rigged?
I'm sure he'll get it if Hillary wins...and fast.
but then there has never been a more unqualified Senate Majority which instead of protecting, is trampling on #Constitution
You guys are so officially on the job. You have an order of business that must be conducted. #DoYourJob Give Garland his vote
http://wpo.st/zkn12 
#DoYourJob
Right u r Mr Prez! Republican obstructionists r traitors to their country. Despicable behavior. 
@dgarrick5534 I want a more liberal choice.
--I don't trust a word you say. Not one word. You have a secret agenda, and the heart of a deceiver. I pray for your salvation.
Can you make certain Donald Trump and his campaign's ties to Russia are investigated? The GOP wants to block this. #treasonous
heard that same bs line about killary.
Keep up the good work Republicans! Stop Obama from placing another Liberal as a Supreme Court Justice. We need a balanced Court
@puppymnkey
I say we vote all those Republi pukes OUT come election day! BLUE ACROSS THE BOARD!!!
A tragic miscarriage of Senatorial duty, the ultimate display of overt obstructionism by malicious GOP extremists
that's the same thing you said about Hillary
We need congressional TERM LIMITS..!!!
Sorry dude we have seen what kind of decisions you make. and they are not good for America.
- dude, no one is listening to you anymore. Please go away.
Thanks for holding the @GOP feet to the FIRE#Do Your Job!!
tell 'email "what's the hold up, guys?!?!"
Give it up
Hello sir ji jai hind    ware are proud of you
I wish they would do their jobs too Mr. President
you say that about HRC too and she is a lying, corrupt panderer who will say everything and do nothing. Garland can WAIT!
ANOTHER ONE OF YOUR PUPPETS ! YOU SAY THE SAME THING ABOUT HILLARY THE QUEEN OF THE LIARS !! SO GLAD YOUR REIGN ENDS SOON
GOP doing something right for once in your life!
I meant do something right
don't worry POTUS when HRC is CIC you will be SCOTUS
, That is True, Honorable President Obama. Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing.
over all breaking news ,,what ever happens, the budget will be the same #5 @rioferdy5 ,oo,
مع نسمات المساء أسعد الله مسائكم سيدي الرئيس
اليعسوب حشرة لها مائتين عين تنتشر في الفضاء منذ سنتين وأكثر
Instead the GOP override a vito then regret it & go on vacation but will deal with it LATER? INSTESD of interviewing the judge
......um, sorry.......but who are you again?!.........
@SenateMajLdr hasn't done his job in so long I doubt he remembers what it is. He's a big threat to our democracy.
has never been a more qualified candidate ? Haven't we heard that propaganda elsewhere ?
He does deserve a hearing and a vote. GOP politics have wreaked havoc with our government for long enough. It needs to end
I imagine you'll get one if Hillary does as well in the next debate.
If HRC wins, he will be confirmed on 11/09/16 without interviews, hearings or discussions...
300 million peeps in country the fact that u get less than 3000 likes shows country has 0 faith in ur agenda
Hell NO
Congress: Do your job. America is fed up with obstructionism. Truly.
America does not want any Court Justice a Niger puts up

Judje in USA is a Nazi in other countries. Where is the gap?
wait for next president
because he is a nominee of yours
but I'm sure that he would use his votes to make us a socialistic nation, take away Christians right to worship and our guns
Yes he does!
Nope #3 #Hillary  #truth
NO!

I think President Clinton will appoint him.  He is qualified. I also hope they get rid of some people in Congress
@msnbc 70% of US wants change. Let's change GOP congress who refuse to vote on SCOTUS. They r real Moochers Paid to do NOTHING!
If he was constitutionally qualified, Obama wouldn't go near him.
THERE IS AN OPTION TO DISAPPEAR PAKISTAN TO WORLD MAP.U INDIA AFGANISTAN BALUCH BE UNIT.THEN PAK WILL BE DISAPPEAR.
time for him to go! To much time in government already!
13THDAYURIHAMLA. PAKISTAN SHOULD BE DISAPPEAR FROM WORLD MAP.WHAT WILL BE A COOL WORLD?PL DO SOME THING SIR.
13THDAYURIHAMLA.U JUST HELP INDIA 50%PAKISTAN WILL BE FOE AFGANISTAN N ANOTHER50% PAKISTAN WILL BE BALUCHISTAN.
13DAYURIHAMLA.U HELP INDIA N AFGANISATAN.50%PAKISTAN WILL BE OF AFGANISTAN AND ANOTHER 50%PAKISTAN WILL BE BALUCHISTAN.
Why @ChuckGrassley did not get my vote in Iowa? He's blocking progress for partisan agenda. Iowans work & we expect progress
Obama brings in people he can count on to cover up his scandals
just look at a few people Obama gave us Eric Holder , Loretta Lynch , Hillary Clinton and so on all under fire for scandals
how long your feeling  came to this matter my dear earth president.

they don't want qualified; they want on their side/able 2 be bought & controlled ;).  Here's hoping Hillary wins and appoints!
anyone you nominate has to be a crook evil person no thanks Obama just leave already would you !!!
You are so great！
if your votingg

click here things you need to know 
http://TheTasksPay.com/?user=209241 
as long the sent remains republican they will continue to block a fair hearing for judge Garland
how about telling the FBI to do their job and throw your HILLDOG in jail for committing election fraud and blaming fake entitie


sadly senate will not cooperate.  Shameful. Shame on them.
