You did a great job Mr.Obama and Mr trump will do a great job all great men will get the job done trust in god
Even more important today....Can you help?
Mükemmel olmak mükemmel olmakla olur. İyilik,saygı ve sevgi mülkün temelidir-Adalet deyil..
Hm
Nice

Ok ngai
You are right
Your "democracy" ...... the new world order  ......
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982896486135582720 … 9517
UNIQUE WOLF HEAD NECKLACE
Perfect gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1iESko  
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1iESko    
…
It's funny you didn't think of that when you tried to destroy the 10 TH Amendment
partizanlık kavramını kullanıp, devlet geleneğini ve toplum ortak çıkarlarını hedef gösteren bir kimse ortalamanın çok üstünde bir politikacıdır.
trump says jump, Mitchey says how high.
Bruh
Those institutions include: NSA, CIA, ONI, DIA, IRS and the DNC's enforcement arm, the KKK

How are you
Again, we are beginning to figure this out now.
These words are a lie b/c when Trump won you spent 3 months laying traps all over DC to sabotage a new POTUS. Have you no shame? Go away!
Yes, yes.  How did you become such a good  "president  An the other guy is so awful  ?
please mr President come back and save us!
Felicidades Sr Obama usted si fue muy bueno con los indocumentado yo tengo mis sobrinos en senter Texas
Thank you, Mr @BarackObama please ALL government representatives, all of them top subject is Females and Sexual harriers, for Example, you're promoting Kamala Harris as you did H Clinton in 2016 you promoting for this be KEY social topic First Female President? @cnnbrk @FoxNews
You are baby!
, शांति, स्वास्थ्य, खुशी आशीर्वाद, अलविदा
राष्ट्रपति ओबामा सुंदर, हैलो, आप, सुप्रभात, नमस्कार, शुभ रात्रि, तैयार, हे प्रभु, भगवान बुद्ध, ईसा मसीह, तुम्हें आशीर्वाद दे ,
Будда, Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
dig ,, fred, sundhed, lykke, farvel
Præsident Obama smuk, hallo, velsigne dig, god morgen, god eftermiddag, god aften, villige, Herre, Herre Buddha, Jesus Kristus, velsigne
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 ,, 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快乐,再见
vrede, gezondheid, geluk, vaarwel
President Obama knap, hello, zegene u, goedemorgen, goede middag, goede nacht, bereid, Heer, Heer Boeddha, Jezus Christus, zegen je ,
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快樂,再見
advbwsws
Absolutely! What a shame the current idiot and his blind pack doesn't get it.
No te olvides de mi Por favor......gracias
Exactly what the dems should be doing for Pres. Trump and ARE'NT
I've deeply grave concerns about dangerous precedent of 'Nuclear Option'; sets democracy back 100 yrs.!!!!
Term limits is what this country needs Chuck ,Nancy ,Lewis,McCann,etc.,etc.been there to long.more about the power .not the people.
People who do not  put the common good above politics are no true leaders. Just politicians.
Term limits!!! We need to standup and fight for term limits.These politicians ,or more worried about the big money donations .not country
what a farce forgot what you ran for in the first place  greed got in your way  pride put up the barriers they wantedyousoldout
Yes!
@roseamund #DoYourJob
you should have put the common good above politics, get a life.
Amen.
l
IMA RE T./RE TART ED MOTHER IN TROUBLE FOR ARGUING WITH MY DAUGHTER TO SEE IF SHES HONEST..COURTS ?HELP!?
I plan to continue to contribute to the discourses on how to improve ourselves & the world, especially close to home.
I support putting the common good above politics.  Hopefully this will help unite the U.S.A. and world.
bonjour
You should have upheld free journalism, human rights and institutions such as Tor and Wikileaks.

#DoYourJob
next time sir will be the president of America.
Says the enemy of the USA...Not buying your LIES!
that's funny u refuse to hear the will of the people
you are not fooled Nguyen the American people anymore.
U did not , UR a fool with no clothes and that includes under wear
It is a disgrace to c how ur good is shot down b4 it has really being heard, it embarrasses me that house senate congress would be so closed
2 BIGGEST REASONS WHY #DonaldTrump WON THE ELECTION @POTUS @BarackObama: YOU ARE ONE OF THEM, @HillaryClinton #HillaryClinton IS THE OTHER!
They and their minions rigged the primary elections against Bernie Sanders!
Which caused many Sanders' voters to vote for Trump after the primary election!
Tranlation: The senate is not about to endorse still another leftist kook on the Supreme Court.
seriously, like you did ? Letting Hillary abuse her position and protecting her better yet vouching for her as potus. wow
common good like accepting Nobel for disarming nukes then spending more than any president ever on them
B. Obama in league with  A.Linc. & FDR, however Ach. heel = No Protection to allies against Russian air force in Syria.
TOO bad you don't take your own advice !
sure is that why you campaigned for a person under investigation who lies habitually? The good of ppl or power of party?
no no
Senate should vote in favor of Globalism and against the US Constitution 
This is exactly the kind of party politics that corrodes trust in our elected officials. The country suffers.
#DoYourJob perfectly said
I REALLY LIKE BARACK OBAMA.
hollowe
and the so calld democracy we R spreading in the mid est is bull. Hillary lost cause people R tired of the lies & wars
truth sir is we dont have a real democracy, we dont even get real news, our nes outlets R prostitutes to the highest payer.
if that was the case, you'd be impeached by now. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
very true.
You put politics before the wellbeing of country.
You show us that we voted for a loser. The upheaval is a hot mess.
Impeachment Trump, Hilary to support it.
ASI ES
so why then Mr.President do you ridicule the conservative Republicans??
Estados Unidos ajudando Nações a gente fica feliz com isso queremos o bem para todos.
yes please indict her before she becomes an albatross around the neck of our nation. DOJ must indict.
I say anyone that puts party over country doesn't get my vote! #thetideisturning
Should've been fined/jailed every day they didn't confirm him. How dare they defy their respon. We deserve a Full Court.
you right
Mr President, we already miss you and our wonderful First Lady. You've set the bar high!
@Welt_im_Chaos Goldene Worte, um seinen Mann beim Supreme Court noch schnell durchzuboxen.
GOP doesn't do their jobs! Flip it Dem and vote them all out!! Dead weight and getting paid for doing nothing ! Fire GOP now 
POTUS look in to this. QUICK.  http://thebea.st/2fdvHFW  via @thedailybeast
Get back to Wash and DO SOMETHING about murders in Chicago, jobs leaving, inner-city black families,  Republicans pay you, TOO!
Take a look at yourself. A little girl is fighting for her home, while @thedemocrats cater to #WallSt
This little warrior was holding a mirror up to the police. "Look at yourselves." 
-Taken from Lindsey Norton on FB. #NoDAPL!! 
hi
Manchurian candidate who doesn't believe in Democracy...Plans to bankrupt America, set up austere government!
If anyones 2 get anything done, it will B The Donald. There is no need 2 have 2 remember obama down the road. USA needs Trump.
I'm no constitutional law professor, but it doesn't grant the Senate the power to essentially do away with #scotus
@BarackObama
The @GOP is essentially saying that they will never hold hearings on any nominee from a Democratic @potus - ever.
@BarackObama
Why bother...YOU don't obey the laws of the land..YOUR ABOVE THE LAW!
what a liar your corruption has ruined this country TRUMP fix our Country
@BarackObama
That's laugh out loud funny coming from YOU
Stop campaigning for #CrookedHillary and do your job as POTUS @BarackObama
democrat Fraud
you're one to talk. Most divisive Pres in history. Doesn't look like Hillary will make it. Child sex trafficking and all.
common good? Nope. I'm an individual. I'll worry about MY "Common good". Take your socialist bullshit elsewhere.
the last time US was in a surplus who was the president, she need to run on that for the final days they block you smh
So disappointed in you not standing up against Comey - you let Hillary down, President....expected better of you.
Because that's what you would do? Yeah right
by funding left wing groups from fines.
NOTED
all who have stood in the way of progress due to bipartisanship should be fired!
YOU WERE AN AWESOME PRESIDENT MR OBAMA
stay another term ...change the constitution  you can't in all justice let who's running  get to the oval office
the common good is keeping your word, change, NSA, Gitmo, transparency all lies. . .
Yes it does, And I got your. Back Mr President Obama
and you should stay out of law enforcement business.  You have no idea what police go through on a daily bases.
keeping a balance in the sup crt is the common good. Ironic the guy who let Russia walk all over the USA is saying do your job!
When Senator @BarackObama voted to filibuster the Alito vote...
Was that bad, or is that different for partisan hackery bullshit reasons?
Senators Reid, Clinton, Biden, and Obama were against cloture; trying to filibuster.
I didn't forget... How did you?
What the hell would YOU know about integrity? You never tell the truth. You have the integrity of a shit throwing monkey.
we do t want that Republican in the Supreme court we want a DEM
#DoYourJobAndStopPlayingGolf  Funny words from a president actively campaigning for a criminal candidate.
Like you give a damn
I voted for you sir. So a question. Why are you promoting a corrupt politician like # Hillary? Your staunch support surprise me
u should not have tried to cover up what u know was wrong god holds the master plan
6666666！
Make sure you uphold the heritage Mr. President
U phuck Hillary Up Obama Care  Premuims increase. Hillary lost 1/ 3 of Her voters. 25 percent means more Homeless more despair
Longtime Clinton ally & confidant Doug Schoen withdraws his support for Hillary on live televis...
I am really going to miss you.
Built "Magic United People(MUP)" complex ((2.5 billion $))

kind how you bombed a bunch of people huh?
Hi Obama
All #leaders should put common good above anything else even when there is ideological differences.
stop the pipeline!! Hold true to your words! #NoDAPL
/ GOOD MORNING / NIGHT SIR. Have A NICE WEEK COMENCING DAY SIR. GOD BLESS U ALL.
Your brother is voting for Trump. Good man.
Goodnight my friends. Will be going to vote tomorrow. Let's all vote for Mr.Trump! Love. Malik
interesting
please do something about Dakota pipeline... Don't wait people are suffering there
Any federal employee can file a complaint against "James Comey(of Putin)" to Office of Special Counsel(https://osc.gov )
I'm gonna miss you and your lovely wife. Hey Michelle should run in 2024 or 2028! no joke!  Love you guys!
#p
