Capitalism causes hate and violence, yet you’re happy with that continuing.
So come live here in socialist Brazil , 60,000 murders a year.
Brazil is NOT socialist. It has minority ownership of resources and a production-for-sale-and-profit economy.
Brazil is NOT socialist ? hahahahha
You ARE SHOWING THEIR IGNORANCE TO BRAZILIAN THAT LIVES IN BRAZIL.
Socialism means a classless society with the people directly owning factories etc and no leader or ruling elite in charge.
This is not socialism is communism. You must be a joke for Americans
Pure socialism and pure communism are THE SAME THING! http://www.worldsocialism.org/spgb/socialist-standard/1960s/1969/no-781-september-1969/lenin-twists-marxism …
@Lg4Lg 
One reason this country has flourished is that we kept wars off of our soil. @BarackObama seems to have other ideas.
Simplest explanation may be @BarackObama dislikes western culture. Look what his actions are doing to Europe, not just US.
He knows exactly what he is doing.
Legacy Democrats: The man who worships dictators , loose Obama.
Not to mention Hillary Clinton who endorsed your recently impeached pres Dilma Rouseff. Americans r dumb
Dilma almost destroyed our country, left 11 million unemployed and 170 billion in debt.
Not to mention all the poor ppl who were removed from their homes during the world cup. INSANE!! Be well, amigo
Lula, Evo Morales, Dilma Cristina Maduro ... all hate the USA
For sure! I know that, but many uneducated people are unable to see through the lies of Obama and Clinton.
Tu @BarackObama fuiste el q recorto presupuesto de la seguridad de los EE.UU, no eches la culpa a otros
I hope your happy Obama you've turned Americans against one another. You should be a
Pres in a Muslim country
right to arms infringing on the right to live.
I wish your feelings could be the feelings of Americans, regardless of their color, religious beliefs and economic status
الووووه
out of these people country and bring them home its time to call a truce between america and middle east relations
啥？
if if if if if if if if if if if if if if okie doke
How about pulling together and kickin some ass
how can you now back Hillary after stating she will say ANYTHING to get elected during your own campaign? All talk no action.
Good Comment from an amiable Leader!
@BarackObama
@jenniferemccoy Move along. Nothing to see hear.
@BarackObama
When that nutcase in Colorado shot up a Planned Parenthood office, did you call it "Christian Terrorism"?
yep
Orlando was a radical Islam massicure. It's a terrorist issue not a gun issue.
Obama loves ISIS
don't let him fool you. Trump will fight for the American people unlike Hilary and Obama
Obama has created violence and hate in the USA. Voteing for Hilary will be the end of America. 
It will be the USA of refugees.
it's wise to protect oneself against those who are against you. Typical politically INCORRECT fluffery.
الله يطول عمرك  اخي  رئيس الولايات المتحدة   الاخ بارا ك اوباما
Good afternoon sir
#fool @realDonaldTrump
people need to be encouraged to carry guns. if the Orlando shooter had been welcomed by blazing guns pointed at him few deaths
I loved watching Trump get the better of you today.
Unfortunatley, there are always those who want to divide us even in the face of tragedy.
like the potus
Powerful speech yesterday. I just watched it. You are one of the greatest Presidents this nation has ever had!! Keep Going!!
we're at War HYPOCRITE you've never served in military so HOW can you possibly know HYPOCRITE what a war looks like
salute to Mr President.
I really appreciate,as bigotry and hate just leads to destruction and dissatisfaction so spread love 
keep talking fool you are no match for Trump because you are nothing certainly not an American
because terrorist attacks haven't happened under his presidency. Oh wait..
@migeophoto I am REALLY going to miss our @POTUS But Hillary will also be a great friend to all. Obama’s my Hawai’ian brother!
https://twitter.com/Mr_Strontium/status/742953152077570049 …
https://twitter.com/Mr_Strontium/status/742953152077570049 …
The left is destroying this country. Our country is becoming a 3rd world country style of Govt.
Executive order to ban Trump. He is illeterate about constitution, therefore ineligible as candidate
Bware of O suppressing evidence during an election year, Benghazi, ACA, Iran, IRS scandal, & more
He wasn't American that word means believing in freedom n rights by the constitution it's not a place it's a belief he muslim
Obama Blaming Donald Trump for His Failure to go after Isis .#Pathetic!#Coward.
of course you'll NEVER call this islamic terrorism. Call it as it is. Stop being PC & be 4 the AMERICAN ppl for once - pathetic
ya esta lista
so 2 FBI interviews warning by gun shop, warning by Disney & your FBI sat on it. Take some blame and hands off my 2A #Orlando
4 u to not go after this & call it as it is, shows U continue 2 turn ur back on Americans, the Homosexual Community, Women, etc
@BarackObama
http://weibo.com/ttarticle/p/show?id=2309403985865834630193 …
god is good
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
Mr President, I give you two thumbs up on your recent response to Trump's outrageous attack about the word radical islam.
Step out of office, please
@SoniaChopra28 I feel; more should now come from him in the wake of this.
Amen You are the best President in my lifetime. You are classy and very diplomatic.  thank you God bless
me esta haciendo daño urjente los ojos
We are at war with your buddies & you do nothing to protect us! They sacrifice to kill gays & Americans
kys
You are right, sir. I will not give in to fear, but I am having a bit of a problem loving everybody.
http://SanteriaUSA.com 
oknows??
mr. Obama,you aren't my president! Your speech in Orlando,was absolutely disgusting, shame on you, you really hate us don't you
during the meeting on gun control. those who do not accept this reason, they must be responsible because the gun incident.
you are the president and you can do changes with the nra ! dont listen to the congress or others ! yes you can
Hard to do for dead people you didn't protect.
And we need to stop being in fear of the NRA!
Estamos no aguardo ansiosamente.
All you can do is blame guns? Don't even talk about MENTAL ILLNESS or your RADICAL ISLAMIC bros! You are the #WorstPotusEver!
https://youtu.be/2XmWVB2jbJo 
Time to deal with them @ Zero Tolerance too ! NO more BS from these lot ! Plenty of new measures R call of the day !
hey buddy I'm back....thought you could silence me please ? ....
Dear Mr. President,  Thank you for being a wonderful president!  You will always have my admiration.  You are #1 in my book!
stop frump!
Obama Islamo Cheerleader
@RadFinch @CEO4SHO @HillaryClinton 
DRUDGE TO DHS SECRETARY: GIVE UP YOUR GUNS FIRST!
"You go first, Brah”~Give up ur security! U want US 2 give up theirs!
TE AMO DEMAIS
Mr. President I know the kinda pressure that lies on your shoulder, but please before you leave office get out family and
I Pray we as Americans can Stop Killing each other with GUNS!
If you agree please say Amen?
a good leader of America. <3
رجاء من بلادكم الجميلة ئلا تخاف وأن نبقى يدآ واحدة الولايات المتحدة الأمريكية قوية love
plz Free Dr Aafia Siddique plz
@BarackObama
Cannot properly vet people coming in & apparently foreigners who r already here! He shouldn't have had the gun in the 1st place
so what are you going to do about it?
what do u want him 2 do deploy soldiers 2 kill isis in a couple yrs we would have 2 deal with another extremist group
so you say we just take it, chill, sit and wait for the next attack?
nope not saying that we shouldnt send our soldiers over there if kill isis another extremist group will form
if you had descent parents you would probably be living with them
you an embarrassment to the United States admit you care more of the radical Muslimest than the United States
thank you sir. You're one of the few politicians being level headed in this situation. PS I'll sincerely miss you in January.
Obama Spent $770 Million in Taxpayer Funds to Rebuild & Renovate Mosques Overseas while Veterans Benefits are Cut.#TRAITOR!
;Another example of how hard is be President;
متاسفم که انسانها هم نوعان خود را میکشند
why oh! why are you so dogmatic,from here in Australia I call you the worst president ever,Jimmy Carter now stands tall.
@TomPelphrey well said with admiration and respect
Obama CARE complete disaster.American PEOPLE HAD NO VOTE in this health plan Obama forced down OUR THROAT
مساء الخير سيدي الرئيس
أذا لاحظتم معي التفجيرات التي تنفذ تتبناها داعش وداعش لم تصل الى بلادكم فقط لتكتسب اعلام بوجودها
Exactly which century are you going to destroy Isis? Your the biggest failure we have ever had in the house built by slaves!
I wish that were true. Right winger that follow DT are not capable of understanding reason.
mande esta plata para cuidar a santi
Do you seriously think criminals or terrorists care about your gun laws?
really!
You're my Favourite
manifest with ores. bush and a 15 year bullshit war
Life is all about sharing, and that is what makes us a better human being. #BeingHuman #Nonviolence #MahatmaGandhi
Maybe you won't call them radicals as you just call them, Family, I can't wait until you're both eradicated from this earth.
de arriba poner a refrescar los 3 ceros ok
your policies got these people killed #youaretheworstpresident
Law abiding citizens deserve the same basic prot that u have! The right 2 live wo fear of being KILLED!
I hope that will help me and will write every day over my need to help
@BarackObama
santi  esto ya se que pasa ..tranquilo
their deaths should be on your shoulders. You screwed up and allow this to happen
lets turn against the enemy instead of the 2nd amendment
the only way to fight hate
if you don't separate Islamic extremist from Muslims people have no choice but to ban them all together
yeah and thats 4 sure.and plzzz tell the world that extemists are using the name of islam even if they know nothing abt it.
omg. You really posted that?  What have you been doing the last 7.5 years but dividing?
to show the world Polish helicopters
After 8 years @BarackObama realises he brutally killed 10.000's of children,women,elderly,men by #drones,illeg.airstrikes,spec.'s,ass,teams
thank you for mentioning ISIS in your speech! #greatestPOTUS #SIKE
How about you cut the bullshit and call governor Scott and stop using the tragedy for your political agenda coward.
... انت محترم ..أدعوكم  للدخول بالإسلام ..اقرأ  القرآن  .. وانت تعرف أنه دين الحق
#OrlandoUnited Brainwashing America: Satanic Illuminati New World Order Gay Agenda Exposed!!

@IsraelMFA @IsraelinUN how Nigeria Army killed unarmed Biafran loaded them in the van & bury them in Army Barrack
 
@BarackObama
DECLARE WAR ON ISIS NOT ISIL!!!! YOU WON'T EVEN SAY ISIS!  YOU WON'T EVEN SAY ISLAMIC TERRORIST!  YOU ARE FAILING US!
Good I like 'u barak obama
yep I trust u Obama
why won't they fuck with Texas cause we have and carry guns, do the favor bomb the fuck out of Libyans and USA would b safe
if you really want to defeat terrorism just admit that over 90% of terrorist attacks are inspired by Islam. Admit the truth.
Mr. President you have all my respect in our times of trouble. Keep doing a great job in the fight against terrorism.
awesome you amaze my faith to love Adonis Presdnt Obama. St Francis Assisi resisting hate Gods work. Hugs
I dread to think what the message would be if Donald was president.
we would be at war
Considering that the shooter came from NYC, he may want to build a wall around the City.
lol I dont think wall street would like that although Trump lives there so that might not be too bad
Islamic Extremists at war with US already!
Homosexuals r killed in MuslimStates:
.@liberal9866.@CPeterG.@kim_taylor
dont waste ur time I will always believe Obama & Hillary over Trump
#Obama: "#Hillary #Clinton will say anything but change nothing"

trust O or H.@liberal9866? .@CPeterG.@kim_taylor
here is how I feel about Trump "He is a demagogue, who seems 2 appeal 2 the lowest common denominator."
