Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별

I agree with most but the $15 an hour means nothing-$15 an hour in New York is nothing but something in other states
انتوم،كفر
I live in Iowa and the cost of living out paces the wages here nobody wants to pay, but they want fingers worked to the bone
Bouddha, Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse ,, la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
, Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
support Biaexit
Salam
I.DON'http://T.TRUST.YOU !
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見

who the hell are the folks?  You say that word a lot,
you honestly did a lot for your country and I hope history will prove that soonest
fairness also include giving back to the Palestinians their contry
Yes we have Democrats need to take over and take control
Mr @BarackObama  Employees lost quality relationships with employers when Regan enter politics, prior to respect for one another was there, employers respected employees and employees respected employers, and both respected Made in America.
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
Mr president sir you are the best and always will
The economy is fairest when government stays the hell away from it!
Who are you kidding??? We've been going in the wrong direction!
@CBiboson families are hurting because democrat policy is destroying the family-after years of dem promises
hi will be in new york 16th october until 21st would love to buy you coffee
With more war-widows trying to support their families, equal pay is needed more than ever.
YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY CORRECT
when minimum wage goes up, so does the price on everything else.
ششذششششذذذشذذذذذذذذ
Voting Trump!!
equal pay for equal work. Love it.
Increase minimum wage = raises cost of living. Pointless. Hate it. No thank you.
Thanks for the good did sir...
Amen
I only make $8.75;an hourin home health
ugh...you have no idea what real American families go through. Especially since obamacare...
It's already illegal, and has been, since JFK signed the "Equal Pay Act" in 1963.
Why are you pretending JFK didn't exist?
namste sar jay mata di
of couscous could you Please Mr. President help USA/EUROPE AND REST OF WORLDS POORS AGAINST CAPITALISTS? SO THE POORS SURVEI
and half of the board of directors of any public traded companies should employees not mangers
Obama u have let us down. U have forgotten the suffering of Uganda under museveni and instead promoted dictatorship in Uganda
Drug testing isn't fair. 

@BarackObama @DJWarrenYoung

Trump&Hill are senior citizens.Physically&mentally weak.U agree?U still Young&StrongPlease take care Xi&Putin before U stepdown
Why haven't we had a 3% GDP since your butts been in the Whitehouse?  Why answer?  I got one you are clueless about anything
The Fight for Fairness and an Economy that Works Continues...
Please watch my new video. Like, Comment, & Subscribe :). Thank You. Magic Mike 3 (Fan Made) :
really even those that have stopped looking for work? You know the forgotten ones who don't show in your stats
if everyone cared about these issues, they would be taken care of.
yeah my president that's true. well done
to continue on your effort to achieve that you will need fellow democrats
I am all for equality, however I'm not for my hard work going to lazy people
Mr. Obama 14October 2016 whole world 7-70 year old people monthly income is 2100000 Rs through world bank,IMF,& green fund.?
we will miss you our President.  Thank you and MAHALO for all of your ALOHA.
@BarackObama
I have this feeling that Hillary DOES have a snowball's chance in hell of winning the election. She needs me to write speeches.
true
Your utopia is a communistic society.  Obamacare, increased taxation,illegal immigration to gain voters & government handouts.
you have served with poise and wit. I wish you a beautiful life. I hope you will continue a career in public service. 
ףף ףשף ץץף
family that's form by a man and a woman #BringBackTheBibleToOurSchools
true we need reform in those areas
@William62Wu - we love your thoughts, Sir
Everyone in this context simply means "Americans"... irony
Spoken like a true Marxist. Yeah, an economy that works for the elite.
Pls open #OPM ofcs  in all States/Cities now #DirectHires
#Resumes #Training #TechSKills #jobs
#Interviews #OngoingCareerHires
@OFA Obama didn't write this
Providing exceptional,
excellent #BluePrint for success in #Law + #Nat'lSecurityContracts provide careers inUSA+Abroad
#OPM ofc
How abt?HugeLawFirm
#HugeSecurityFirms like #DickChaney's
ProvideCareers inSecurityUSA+Abroad
 #ObamaLawUniv
#CivilCrimConstLaw
barak, u SUCK for true middle Americans, I am poorer and "disabled" buy steak at Walmart when I buy crackers! THANKS A LOT
I shop at Walmart and watch black people w access cards who r on disability who r mor able to work than me? U call it equality?
ur FIGHT? LOL, has FIALED MISSERABLY!!!!!
You do realize that you've been President of a capitalist republic for the last 7.5 years, not a socialist state, right???
looking forward to January 20,2017
you're a liar
Your fight for an economy that works has been failing for 7 yrs now!  #getaclue #takeahint #fail
yes sir
Thanks Obama!
discussing how all you do is try to kill this wonderful country, ill never be a commie @realDonaldTrump
Why in the world did you give away our internet?!? Lots of Internet commerce is going to be screwed now! Thanks!
Obama  you are the worst potus in history  !!!!!  You should be ashamed of what you have done!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

you shrunk our valets, stole from medicare, shrunk SS, seniors struggle like never before, ruined the military, hurt veterans
increasing the minimum wage eliminates jobs & puts people out of work while also increasing prices on products & services.
you have added to the burden
the sad thing is that people will vote against their interests out of hate despite the implications SMH
does quoting yourself make it more relevant? Who pays for all that stuff?
you fraud High Treason criminal Bankster financial Terrorist on Fraud Wall street Casino need to IMpeached and arrested ASAP
your fight with republicans resulted in trump being the nominee. If u had negotiated with GOPs then trump would not be here.
It's GOP policy to eliminate as many social services as possible for the benefit of the rich. Vote for R's & U continue to lose
you and the last 5 presidents have sucked this country dry and stomped on it.
so whn u raise min wage r u going 2 stop the prices & interest frm  going up? If u dnt we r rght bck n the same plce econ 101.
Equally broke! That us what ur doing 2 us. Divid & conquer.
Too late to fulfill campaign promise to"cut government fraud/abuse, wasteful spending, duplicate programs" that hurt everyone?
yes, you said you were going to fundamentally change America, good job. We're screwed. Thank you!
والله ياجماعة عن نفسي مااصدق بس ابوحسين طيب وكدا
. It is not Trump that is smart- it is his accountants. The mafia use lawyers in the same way to con the system.
but they increase their own salaries and they have lots of paid time off.  Hypocrisy at every level!
very good. .mr.president.best regards. ..
Hands down, case closed--YOU are the worst POTUS ever.That's your true legacy. (Carter must be happy that he's no longer tops.)
Words, phrases, platitudes may or may not be true simply because one says so. We R a society deplete of truth and facts
...lies lies lies....

#FreeThe3 Please support to save lives of 3 youths sentenced to beheading & crucifixion in KSA
ThankYou
https://secure.avaaz.org/campaign/en/stop_saudi_beheadings_loc/ …
your onerous new wage requirements for exempt employees is killing small business
Life isn't fair. Never has been, never will be.
THERE IS A RADIO SIGNAL THAT PLAYS TRICKS ON THE EYES AND IMPLANTS ARTIFICIAL THOUGHTS! THIS IS USED FOR ELECTRONIC PEDOPHILIA!

STOP ELECTED TORTURE! OBAMA SUPPORTS PEDOPHILIA DUE TO THE FACT THAT THE US GOV PAYS ELECTRONIC STALKERS TO MOLEST CHILDREN!
Can we PLEASE acknowledge our Nativr American culture and save the water in Standing Rock.. how about that?
That's because they didn't sleep through economics 101
STOP ELECTRONIC HARASSMENT! OBAMA FOR PRISON! OBAMA FOR DEATH ROW!
ironic that NYT tweets about how republicans have learned to love working mothers, a notion that does not reflect reality
:Have some fairness with people of Kashmir.Indian Army is killing innocent people & children,brutally.It is criminal barbaric.
How do you feel and you see the presidential race on your chair?
CCOB, The Connected College of Business social network join us. We are, The Best Next Thing!
Actually based on history, raising minimum wage hurts families in the long run.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kXjbXGyQDsE …

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account,remitted back to the United States,
Bill Clinton said Obamacare failed the small businessman
please dnt forget Filipino people we are here to support you. Uncle sam is our brother.
Socialism is not the answer and neither is world government.
valid
Filipino people still believe on you we love you despite that our presidente criticize you.
Obama paid an effective tax rate of 20.8% on income of almost 800K. That is lower rate than most Americans. Hmmm
nothing has to be fair and GOVT needs to stay out of the fairness business. Let the marketplace decide. Good co's+good workers!
Not for much longer I hope :
maybe your doing well...but are you that much removed. To the fact people are hurting..I think you should take the time to look
Is it a stigma 2 fail those who put this country first.. The indeginous R your history.. Stop crying wolf. And answer our cries
lift your regulations and America can get back 2 work. U R A job killer #VOTETRUMP #NEVERCLINTON #BUILDTHEWALL #JAILCLINTON
President Obama please remember to come Broward County to Africa America Library.
I will be glad when socialism is out of the whitehouse. #mostcorrupt #worstpotusever
FAIRNESS!!! Get a job!!!
thank you so much for everything you've done over your years best president ever thank you
And when you allow illegals to pour in and take jobs from Americans that empties people's wallets.
wrong ! It hurts the pocketbooks of every family to have s $15 min wage! Cost of goods will more than double !
again, economics. Please study. Who's paying?
as long as your party continues to tell people what agreements they have to make, the attack on freedom continues.
stop thewar in syria ...
...and I'm still waiting for the $2500 per year savings on my family's healthcare.
Rt
...allowing illegal immigrants to flow into the US unfettered guarantees wages wi stay low.
70% of the country says we are on the wrong track Barry. That means you are on the wrong track. Worst president ever!
U

büyük.sün obama
what a pack of lies we are in bad trouble and you are delusional
thank you!!!
visit my website  http://luxtwenty.com 
liar
Lets pass the torch to @HillaryClinton!  THE LEGACY CONTINUES

Obama care,what a joke.Why doesn't Obama use his own program?Because it SUCKS.Who's fooling who,dirty trick on the public.
Funny guy with a full of deplorable stuff.
