If you had not lied with "do your job" then maybe the Senate would be amenable. But you lied & they are stubborn.
--You truly are a most disrespectful living organism.
Maybe you can explain because you sound like a zealot who blindly follows.
And you present as one who has lost the art of kindness.
Think instead of blindly defending. Call a mistake a mistake. Call the coverup of a mistake a lie.
--I do think.  I think you are at war within yourself.  Be kind to yourself and you will be able to release kindness. Bless U
What you are missing is the explanation of your diagnosis. Please do.
--What you are missing is an opportunity to truly unite for the common good.  You have so much to offer the world.Speak Life.
So what do we do? "Write our senate leader" seems about as pointless as you can get. Suggestions? (seriously)
Sneak in a recess appointment?  About all one can do now. @BarackObama
Congress has not been in recess since January 2011.
We’re just talking the Senate, this suggests it’s possible, for this term http://www.scotusblog.com/2016/02/is-a-recess-appointment-to-the-court-an-option/ … @BarackObama @MagnusApollo
By the Constitution, the Senate cannot go into recess without permission from House.
so, you are saying it's not technically recess? But, are they doing their jobs?
The only required "job" the Senate is required is -- meet at least once a year. LOL
wow… this I did not realize.
I HEAR YOU WE DONT WANT HIM
Please don't leave.
Take the hint...
b
what the heck? he is your president you should respect him more than that..outrageous.
You are the BEST!
4 score and 7 debeers ago our fore fathers...
INSERT BIG G HEAR
God help America, whomever  you and HRC (should she win) put on the SCrt Bench! I fear for Americans in her hands
POTUS should be able to fire senators that refuse to do their jobs! You must feel like you work with children  from bad parents
god give you long life.obama
...what a wonderful example of compromise and bipartisanship-- hindering progression to hold on to ego.
same pinch... from indian democracy..
no one respects you. Till end of your term you are an evil we are stuck with, shame on us. Then Trump will be president we win!
f the rnc
The residents of Flint, Michigan are still unable to drink water from their faucets. #lead #legionnaires
he's too busy stroking Clintons dick to care unfortunately.
We have to hold out hope that he will do something to help the ppl of Flint. He has to knew they're suffering.
I'm sure he is aware, just as your governor, senators, congressmen. Problem is they don't care. Or it's not on to do list.
Its what happens to smart ass politicians! They did their job!  You need 2 get out of golf cart & talk 2 Congress. Do YOUR job!
@Stringgeek then leak plans to withdraw his nomination in favor of a much more progressive choice after the election #LeanIn
, what do you expect. They, haven,t done anything for close to 8 years. Do, you really think,they will change now. Bless you !
Back Hillary up, how can we pay for free college, how about getting this started and paying taxes!
<-----guilty of treason.
@PaulRyanPress The senate spent the majority of time attempting to discredit Hillary Clinton and '0' on important issues.
Your definition of "well qualified" apparently is very different than the other two-thirds of our system. It is all relative!
He'll be confirmed if Hill gets elected. God knows the commies she'll nominate.
Oh..that's right...you already knew that!
well qualified to unconstitutionally try to take away your GOD given rights, I think not
shame on Congress!
yourr a joke.
I wish I could leave on a seven week vacation and refuse to do my job. Biggest waste in this country
if I have been acepted me in EEU
adjourn the Senate and appoint him to a recess appointment
Let's vote them OUT !
You supporting Hilary is unacceptable.
Please, please make a recess appointment!!!
is there no way to force this obligation to vote for a new judge?
May “Our Force Be With You!”,  http://diycolours.com 
Sorry, but that is why Donald D.. sorry, Trump, gets the attention.
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
Mr. President, you did all what it was possible for you to do. We will not give up.
As a republican, I'm sickened by the behavior of the Rep-Party during your presidency. #Rep4Hillary
- Any one you nominate is qualified.  Whatever you want, sir.
#boo hoo
@BarackObama
and that surprises you? Like you expected them to jump on your nomination?
I know Mr President I appreciate you and are proud of all you have done for all people of America.  I love you.
, they all need to be voted out!
, they should all be voted out!
only job in America you get paid and don't have to work ;-)
republicans R stalling in hopes Trump will win and nominate a ringer.  Guess again DJT!  Hope Hillary makes this her first task
This is why we need to vote Democrat in November
Lest we forget. We need this!
it is common knowledge that a new supreme justice not be named or vetted during an election year. Quit being a crybaby.
@JohnCornyn  #DoYourJob
@tedcruz #DOYOURJOB
thank you for your service you didliftme up with your service God Bless you.
it's sad that they don't care and can get away with not working and doing the job they were hired for it is Unacceptable.
agree
good we need to wait for @realDonaldTrump to win the election and nominate his own person. To big a decision to rush!!! #trump
Three presidencies in Iraq lacked eligibility
STEP DOWN
loathesome misbehavior. Your hands are bound. This makes so many of us furious. I hope you feel the love and support you have.
I believe there should be a law that makes Congress do their job. If they worked somewhere else they would have been fired.
they are not very bright
@tpaul22 I agree to the fact that he should of had a hearing
obstructionist M McConnell denying a second term president - he's always blocked Obama at the expense of the American people!
you get nothing. Nobody wants someone who hates the constitution on SCOTUS
The only acceptable SCOTUS nominee is one who will work to overturn Citizens United and restore our democracy. @BarackObama
You are running out of time to declare marshal law, arrest congress  and perform the reset. Please do it before Trump does.
They are doing what the have dune for 8 years
SO irresponsible!, I'm furious!
m
Unacceptable to God Obama means not bowing to his every word.
i sure hope that in the end Hillary nominates Judge Garland
Absolutely HORRIFIED!! THEY HAVE NEVER STOPPED TRYING TO BLOCK ALL YOU DO...EVEN WHEN THEIR IDEA!
you absolutely INSPIRE This single momma of 4. you & Michelle have given my multiracial family Hope & u both are A CLASS ACT!!
そりゃ許せん(｀・ω・´)ｷﾘｯ
you brought the serious thunder tonight. You are the real deal. 
: Dictator in Chief doesn't always get his way!
inexcusable!
I wish you could stay at the White House forever we are going to Miss You so much.  OMG I'm CRYING
CLASSIC GREAT MAN WITH DIGNITY AND GRACE.
I'm so proud of you and I LOVE you so much and your whole family. You are the BEST PR
Joe told us not to. Said we shouldn't consider Supreme court justices during an election year.
your unacceptable and need impeached.
It's time for Congress to get to work.
Trump needs to be charged with Treason for inviting Russia to hack our information. Who is going to do something about this!!
Rise your voice for Kashmir
Three presidencies in Iraq lacked eligibility
those guys have it in for you, ya think? 
@JoyceCarolOates I hope you didn't tell him "Stay by the phone!" Worse than @comcast
@JoyceCarolOates It was shameful what they did. And unAmerican.
good. you're an incompetent marxist
And nobody has to entertain this process until the next president is elected and you know it so stop crying
your on the way out, Trump will pick the right one, don't worry.
they've been drinking the JUICE!!
boo boo hoo
This calls for a recess appointment!
The behavior of these elected officials saddens me and makes me question the beauty of America even more.
The rest of us Americans would be fired from our jobs if we refused to do the work.
well the good news is he will be on the court when Hillary is elected
quiero estudiar en su país pero necesito la visa estudi
Did you expect them to be respectful and act with a sense of decency? When they go low, you go high! #MichelleObama
it was ok when a Republican was leaving office for a Democrat, but not the other way around? Thats Unacceptable Mr President.
Judy Garland is gonna be on the Supreme Court? Well I'm all for that! 
because of your negligence , people do not trust your judgement !
why would they do that?
And that truly says it all about the Republicans now doesn't it?
sitting presidents don't get nominations. you would know that if you stop sucking at #golf and do your job!
@BarackObama
#DemConvention #BernieOrBust I hope they don't take up any of your lame duck nominations..#congress protect our #constitution
Mr. President Mr. President dirty rotten failure to put anybody on Mars before the century is out. Bah, Gary F. Dog
why are we not withholding pay for people not doing their jobs?!?!?
what else can b done ?
If it fits UR agenda...not the American ppl!
Not much longer, until you WON'T have to listen to bullshit from ppl like #KeithJeter.
These entitled snots make me feel ill.
where is the Senate's time to act requirement enumerated in the Constitution?
kind of like going golfing when a policeman has just been killed....
The GOP will NEVER give him a chance. They are too self serving to even consider it. I Pray that Secretary Clinton gets in.
#Although we can trip and fall in life,if that ever happens,just stand up,and smile.MY SONG
you ruined this country.....
no more Ginsburg's
sounds like what happen when Reps try to pass a budget bill n the Dems decide to shut down the gov for two months. #howsitfeel
Shame on them!
you trying to slip in a ringer is unacceptable.  nice try though.
المسؤل عن قتل أبناء شعبي بشار في المرتبة الأولا وعندما يقول أشتهاد شخصي فهو من يتحمل المسؤلية لعدم قدرته على أدارة البلد والجيش
هناك من يحاول اللعب معي بتقليدي ولاكن سأكون عند حسن ظن الجميع .
ومن أجل بلدي كيف يمكن المبادرات في ظل القصف
I read this "Judy Garland" and I was like yeah that'd be chill I guess.
use your super(presdential)powers.
نهاركم سعيد سيدي الرئيس وجميع الأمريكيين أنا معكم بشأن القاضي وسأرشدكم على الطريق في بعض الكلمات البسيطة
it's because of you!  you endorsed him!  it's you we  object to!
This is so wrong!!!! We need democrats in the White House and Congress! #SupportHillary
Make the appointment.  The Senate has waived its responsibility.  Remember 1905!!
Awe poor baby
Try someone else.  Nixon had to nominate Blackmun, Reagan had to nominate Kennedy.  Turnabout is fair play...
POTUS& FLOTUS
shame on the republicans!  They are the worst epidemic the country faces!
we aren't in your pocket anymore Hussein
...no worries president trump will take care of this issue. ..
give it up.
