Shame your efforts won't do anything to stop events like those in Orlando. Just more ability of govt to control people.
believe in no effort? Cool, great idea. 
Or do you have one??
Maybe work on finding out why ISIS can so easily recruit people into its midst. Maybe recognize they are responsible not NRA.
If ISIL had supplied the guns you'd have an argument, since they did not you do not!
So we're in agreement that NRA isn't to blame then...thanks.
...And you've reached that conclusion, how???  Nothing I've said could be construed as leaving the NRA blameless!
You said if ISIS had suppiled the guns I'd have an argument. By that logic, NRA is also not responsible.
That is just a twisting of my words! The IRA has in fact supplied the guns through its foolish lobbying efforts!
you do realise your own guns and your countrymen have killed more people than terrorism from other countries?
according to the GTD, 3503 US terrorist related deaths since "95 to 2014" gun related deaths see 
that was my point, gun voilence and deaths inclusive of suicide in the USA far outranks terrorist deaths.
I am merely stating that the US should sort out the gun situation on home soil before embarking on another war of terror
Banning the gun that had nothing to do with the shooting. Makes complete sense.
All assault weapons need to be outlawed for the public.  Join the PD or military if you wanna kill.
And what's your reasoning for this? Why can't citizens protect themselves against the government should they need to?
Against the gov't, are you kidding???  You're gonna have shootout with a swat team?
You a felon?  Have something to hide??
Do you not read history? You're country was founded ON A FUCKING WAR.
News flash!!!  That war is over.
News Flash, the Founding Fathers gave you an inalienable right because something like that could happen again, and it DOES.
Those weapons were blunder busses 3 rounds a minute
How about banning automobiles? Or alcohol? That would save lots of lives.
Cool
@BarackObama to bad you didn't save the lives of the 4 in Benghazi
its getting all organizations to stand with you and the President for changing and implementation of new laws to protect Citizen's
I will never, ever, give up my right to an AR rifle. Ever. Do you think I would just "take it?" And there are millions of us.
Thank you . The second amendment must be upheld!
always defend the 2nd amendment
I will never, ever, give up my right to an AR rifle. Ever. Do you think I would just "take it?" And there are millions of us
@WhiteHouse if we're going to make military weapons available to the public can I buy a tank?? Think of that damage!!!
so very true
oh my god!  This is my petition!  Thank you so much!!!  
I will never, ever, give up my right to an AR rifle. Ever. Do you think I would just "take it?" And there are millions of us.
good for you.  Millions more of us who disagree!
Thankfully America is not a democracy but rather a Republic. Obama can't sign a law that changes the Bill of Rights.
But hopefully there will be enough courageous people in Congress who will.
It takes a 2/3 rd vote and 3/4ths of the states. Since republicans dominate Congress, and the states....
we agree with u we r all with u
you agree with him we the people do not.it doesn't matter for trump will be our president very soon
#PullYerHeadOut BAM BAM! The "gun control" America needs: found at firing range, with much practice and training, then People ctrl govt!
I am with you Joe, we need to do what we can to save even one life.
@BarackObama
come and take it
.@VP We have a world wide male violence problem and easy access to guns makes it even worse  #StopGunViolence
@TheWhiteHouse 
I would be crucified just for 1 roach. I've had MS for 16 years. I deserve to have medical cannibas. What's the hold up?
@TheWhiteHouse   
Guns don't kill, PEOPLE DO. It would be nice if you keep the repeat offenders locked up. If I got caught with a roach
This administration won't protect us....we have to protect ourselves. Don't punish law-abiding citizens for this government's failures.
The politician's armed guards give up their guns first, then we talk gun control. #hypocrites
Bearing arms for self-defense would save many more lives than leaving people defenseless. Your solution is "fish in a barrel." Thx 4 0
@thepoliticalcat Jobs might help, decent schools might help and the 8 million we  donate to Israel everyday would help a lot.
What would be a small step for a man would be such a giant leap for mankind.
Do it, people : make that historical step become real!!
@DebraMessing if just ONE life can be saved..  How's abortion working for you? What about those lives?
@DebraMessing There is an 8yrold on the no fly list...the same list the Dems want to use for gun "control"..think abt that one.
@Williekbink Without A Doubt!
So proud to be a Democrat! The Republican House refuses to listen to their own constituents on this issue; brute force only thing left!
Yea Right .While Our Great Nation work's day & night to exterminate the Muslim people because they refuse to get on board with the NWO
@BarackObama that's right! Impede the constitutional rights of 320 million people because of the criminal acts of a few.
#NotOneMore
@BarackObama 
Armados hasta los dientes , y demasiado  loco suelto, es un peligro para los pobres que no llevan seguridad.
check me here but real largest mass shooting was Wounded Knee right? 300 killed by govt assault weapons while taking their guns?
It's a radical Islamic issue not a gun issue take a lesson from Dem Jimmy Carter he banned Iranians and DEPORTED Iranian students
what about alcohol?  ~27 die per day from drunk driving........
.@VP Blacks kill each other daily w/handguns & Dems say not a word.
U don't care bout saving lives.
U want to politicize death.
#Enough
#2A
can I get your endorsement for Arizona congressional Race. I'm a write in for AZ 3rd LD.my proof is here. Thanks http://apps.azsos.gov/election/2016/Candidates/PrimaryCandidates.htm …
so we can't defend ourselves against the Islamofascists. What side are you on?
@BarackObama 
Stop flooding the country with Muslim immigrants who do not assimilate - that will help reduce gun violence.
steps are being taken America firing Pharoah Obama when OUR Moses TRUMP raises HIS STAFF to DESTROYED democratic party total agenda
RESIGN Biden since Pharoah Obama legacy of lunacy ending with TRUMP inauguration TERRORISTS supporters like you be outta JOB
your Obama boy fetching Pharoah Obama foods and groceries Pharoah ISIS sympathizer November Pharoah getting kicked out D.C. HYPOCRITE
America won't BE fooled again BY Pharoah Obama GOV'T sympathizer of RADICAL ISLAM TERRORISTS both of YOU COWARDS VOTING TRUMP
political correct talk no action Pharoah PUPPET Biden TRUMP GONNA KNOCKOUT democratic nonsense November vp Biden USELESS LYING LIBERALS
The NRA Has Actually Got Something Right On Gun Control
@BarackObama You will always be protected by secret service.  We won't have that luxery. Keep that in mind. This is a scary world.
JOE TAKE ALL 5 FINGERS ON 1 HAND AND SEE WHICH 1 --FITS UP YOUR A --BEST !!!
Life's is faces but the planet is dying ! What to dooooo ? The World is a Dumps ?$ I got the technologies to fix the future my friends
You guys had your chance to fix things, you failed, good riddance.
something yes . Taking our rights not an option
you want us defensless for the enemy which you are importing. we are at war and you want to disarm us?  Wow, how did stupid live so long
Ban assault rifles!  It should be required to pass an extensive psychological test to qualify to buy a gun.
the obama administration is more worried about pc than protecting our country!  Enforce the current laws regardless of nationality!
enforce the laws in place now!  adding more laws will always fix the laws that arent enforced right?  get real people, we are at war.
Yeah, it's called banning #GunFreeZones
.@VP the danger that our country is being put in due to our horrible borders is a disgrace- this is Anti-America at its very worst
@BarackObama
An Open Letter to All Leaders, Experts and Social Media Stars; Let's Join Hands to Make the World Wise.
https://plus.google.com/117431842709912028625/posts/atnLvcsrUx7 …
They are trying to make America weak!
What about 600,000 people that die of heart disease a year,are you gonna ban sugar and all products containing sugar.
There is no one more anti-American than those that want to ban our guns and make America weak. AKA Hillary, Barak, Bernie.
@BarackObama leaders need to practice what they preach, give up ur armed protection first or does flotus still hv bigger balls then u?
@WhiteHouse 
Hi I'm gilbert fromphilipines
I want to meet u sir on personal
Ur very handsome
@BarackObama @WhiteHouse @FoxNews @MSNBC @oreillyfactor
God is good
@BarackObama how about let's start with enforcing laws already on the books. How about not restricting the FBI in their investigations.
I'm with you on that VP!
@BarackObama  when u people will take steps when all die ???? Make one direction n eliminate all guns
@BarackObama what u said is stupid, get a brain!
As many mass shootings during Obama's regime as the prior 20 years. The guns aren't the problem. The Democratic policies are.
conceal carry could save more than one Joe.
not worth violating the Constitution.
can't let in mass un vetted migrants and expect peace and gun control. You want to break laws you were elected to protect. Unreasonable
call me an islamaphobe, and bigot, I don't care!! But obummer! You are a muslim sympathizer, or an outright muslim, you are a traitor...
@BarackObama 

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
MY
GREAT  LOVE
FOR  JESUS
LED  ME  TO  ISLAM

↓
↓
↓
↓
↓

http://www.edialogue.org/ 

.
Public flogging of medical personnel who fail to perfectly follow hand washing protocol would save WAY more lives; but hey, 8th Amendmt
@BarackObama 
Your failure to do anything 
On terror makes me feel more of a need
For my weapons than ever 
#constitution
#2ndAmendment
Ppl who know guns & tactics know lack of armed plainclothes/staff INSIDE, be4 shooting, failed to stop Orlndo quickly. Not AR vs pistol.
Target details, planning, and gun free zone much more relevant to body count than tool. Attackers can adapt, tool options help victims.
@BarackObama Or how about tackling Islamic terrorism which was responsible for this tragedy?
Or you can listen to someone who actually has an educated perspective on comparative firearms & tactics.  https://youtu.be/2OhBBC_Cyeo 
Controlling our borders and stopping infiltrated immigrant flows is more likely to save lives AND not violate the Constitution.
Look, it's the guy who told people to illegally fire a gun in the air until empty if they hear a noise outside. Surely he knows best.
@BarackObama please tell Obama to throwHillary under the bus
@BarackObama The entire executive branch is up to no good.
It has nothing to do with guns its all about CONTROL killing comes from the HEART
@BarackObama Leave the 2nd Amendment alone! Here is an idea you get rid of your guns (secret service) first! Tired your BS to Americans
the 2nd - for the citizens to be as equally armed as the military to defend against tyranny.  Its your job to protect the constitution.
Any felon should not be allowed to register gun:, also consider a database of potential mass shooters.  (i.e. excessive anger very oftl
@BarackObama stop talking you creepy ass politicians have body guards lets disarm them get rid of democrats is solution to all problems
@BarackObama smh
@BarackObama what Democrats fail to address is a national security risk. Resign!
@BarackObama what Democrats fail to address is a national security risk. Resign!
@BarackObama  NO, HELL NO. we need our guns to protect us from you.
bull crap,
@BarackObama But you're both ok with letting the terrorists in. #syrianrefugees
@BarackObama By this logic. Abortion is worth banning if it saves one life. In fact it would save a couple hundred thousand each year.
@BarackObama Bullshit. Every single one of these attacks is an argument for every single American to be able to defend themselves.
meet with Trump and see if you can make it happen.
Sir, I love you as my VP but I have a constitutional right to own a weapon designed to defend my family capably
I  with you
repeal gun seller's immunity laws
If taking steps to stop #ISIS (Syrian refugees)from coming here to harm Americans can save one life YOU should do it.
thank you Sir for all your work
if we can save 1 life keeping radical Muslims out of America ,then  you should do that
nice idea but be careful
This will really reduce violence in our beloved country USA.
Thank you VP
@BarackObama Bless and protect all armed Police in all nations O gracious Lord God our Father we pray and help them keep violence at bay
Just relax. Disarming the people can cost more lifes. If more people ware armed at the seen in FL could have saved more then just 1life.
way to go Vice President Biden hopefully congress won't let us down!
I agree with you Mr Biden. We need strong representatives to battle against NRA and lobbists.
@BarackObama @POTUS Continuing to try to limit law abiding citizens rights does NOT make us safer but puts us at truly greater risk!
@BarackObama It would be a good ideas to close down all gun manufacturing all over the world in the first place.  Children.
@BarackObama 
Starting with Hollywood movies and advert is a vital step..begin with entrance to the mind..and desire to acquire will go.
@BarackObama Restricting Americans rights only aids Islamic Terrorism. Who's side are you on?
@brownae Not the guns. But the person holding gun. Where's there's a will to get gun, there's a way.
@JeffWashburnJC why? Plenty of guns that are even higher caliber than AR15s. Laws won't stop criminals from committing crimes.
.@VP @BarackObama why has the gun violence gotten worse under Obama???!! Seems pretty convenient while you try to grab our guns!!!
Should be hard to get gun & ammo Real bkgrnd checks No private sale 30day wait Testing You can have it, just gotta prove yr qualified
just make hateful Islamic ShariLaw illegal & make murder extra illegal (unborn, ok to kill them) that'll stop this
My first choice is to ban stupid.  As in political correctness & Joey???
is very important to reduce gun violence.
@BarackObama The best way to stop gun violence is to follow the example of Switzerland and Kennesaw, Georgia.
claw hammers are number 1 for murder. No bans or registration 4 those
Yes!! Thanks
guns are for survival,such as food and protection some how it got out of hand and it is being used as revenge.
Mr VP why doesn't the Obama administration recognize the real threat to our country...immigration and terroris???
Sorry this is not about guns it is about terrorism...its about people that are allowed to come into our country to kill us!!
you can never reduce gun violence when AMERIKKA allows ppls to stock pile. People practice everyday.To the Point practice makes perfect.
