i agree
The @HQNigerianArmy killed 1000 defenseless civilians #ZariaMassacre & dumped dead bodies in mass Graves. @WhiteHouse @hrw
LMAO   SINCE WHEN --- WHEN OBAMA ACTUALLY WORKS, WHICH IS NEVER---SO GO OUTSIDE AND SMOKE OBAMA
welldone my president,if the man is exceptional no amount of politics can hinder his appointment,unless the senators are myopic
agrees
Hai sit gd mng
who are you kidding?!! Has been, always will be politics.
@sbl59  obama worst president ever -- ruined the usa ---and he's still trying to destroy it  go back to africa you islamist
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
yes.
yacen
you and all politicians are an embarrassment to life on earth.To be associated with you is humiliating.
Do your job congress.
Fully agree.
yes that is good to know
Nominate a conservative and they will. They have no obligation to consider your nominee.
没毛病
yes we agree
I agree Mr President. You put forth a highly qualified individual who should be confirmed.
agree
How can you get them to do their job?
no I support the effort to hold. You shall not be party to this selection.
Yes, it'd time vite Congress
Right just like you behave. Not
,Op z MO z. Zn
Right!.....in the business world they'd be fired
you should do some think for people on social security who can hardly live
do your job you said you would
Which is Y we need B. Sanders. $Hillary would sell the Supreme Court 2 Wall Street! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Tor00iWUhDQ …
#DropOutHillary
yeah I think so too
They're simply following the Biden rule. ;)
wellcome to myanmar f.peacefull u.t.t.K.W!
9
yesss oooh
this isn't the first time congress/senate had committed treason.  But #Trump2016 ?  Cmon.
Too much politics is what's wrong with politics!
to clear the elephant in the room, there will be Social Security in the future?
bravo
I agree
When you are STILL
MAKES FALSE ACTION
TO CREATE UNSTABILITY
IN 
ASIA

YOU HAD NO PERSONALITY
YOU TWIST FACTS & TRUTH

USELESS
I wish I could be hired as a temporary senator for one week.  I would grind, grind for The Obama administration.
Counting down the days until you're out of office before you do too much damage.
I will be so happy when you are gone #DonaldTrump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
these senators are scaring swing voters and even lifelong republicans away from the GOP! #DoYourJob
yes!!!
Sounds like a political move Mr. Obama.
. This approach of shaming the Senate into action has never worked;  why perpetuate?
absolutely!
r u affraid you scammed us will come out
Word!
sir, I know you don't wanted to hear me. if you please excuse me if you can let me explain exactly what I thought. thanks. sir,
Hopefully not on your watch ! Watch , what are you watching or is that all you do is watch and wonder WTF is going on ?
As the saying goes "Tell that to the marines"
CDC report shows 1 in 2 Black Males have or Contract HIV Jeremiah 32:34
just appoint by executive order because ur above politics
please dont forget Oscar Lopez #FreeOscarLopez
Nope, not with anyone YOU have nominated!  Look at the losers you've put on the bench already!
VAMOS A BAILAR TANGO??
you have failed to #DoYourJob to faithfully execute the job of President by appointing Judges that don't know the Constitution.
I so agree that this nomination should be more seriously considered

it's time for you to start packing...
we don't want anyone you suggest!
SOS VENEZUELA
Mr. President stop this nonsense, it's not going to happen. Fix TSA or you will make 1.3 million enemies a day this summer.
The Senate represents We the People and they ARE doing their job. You've done enough damage to our country. #ChecksAndBalances
THE SENATE IS DOING WHAT SHOULD. LET TRUMP APPOINT THE NEXT SUPREME COURT JUSTICE.
any updates sir ??????  Please notify  if so !
Every field needs professional people。There is an old saying in China"Shu ye you zhuan gong"
'out of' politics mr president
'out of' politics

i think public's interests are above everything
YOU #DOYOURJOB   Instead of messing around and making cute videos. Last time I checked you're still on MY Payroll.
generic statement Obama we want you out ...repent and give your life to Christ
so should the state of the Union address
Time to move ahead! You consulted the Senate. #PutHimOnTheBench
我们能认识吗？我的天，难以想象我能评论美国总统的推文，如果你看到会给我回复吗？我希望你能回复给我。
Good afternoon sir am a Ugandan LGBTi refugees in Kenya,on behalf of my fellow Ugandan LGBTi refugees in Kenya asking for help
not today go play golf
Sir pleases sir we the citizens of Nigeria  need help from You because the way things is going  in our country to day we
You mean like the Democrats did?  LMAO.
IT'S time for you to go home where we don't hear or see you.
The potus should remain above partisan politics
#failed presidency
#bidenrule
#noscotusvote
#EnoughAlready
is it me or do the Senate have their heads up their arses
yeah that's right but It also should be doing in other countries, for example Iraq
I couldn't agree more. It's really time to replace close mined Senate members. #MoveForward
Sir, I beg you to save my country, Iraq
Mr president,such an idea is needed to address issue of FREE BIAFRAN STATE in Nigeria.if u love ur root,u can make it happen
what about the idea of just going ahead with the appointment?
the incredible Presidentwho has changed the mentality of the people is not in  we will have such a man
and you must stay out of Pakistan's politics.
well said!
আপনি বাংলাদেশের দিকে দেখেনা কেন
Yes also here in PR, please Mr President, free Oscar!!!!! My respect would be limitless if you do so.You know is time.
They will, right after Obama leaves office!!
Stop going over Congress with Executive Actions.
no way
can't w8 til you get out on the political playingfield..man you gonna be missed! Thank you for your presidency, we needed that.
remember the time you dissed their decision in the SOTU address? Yeah me too. First prez to break decorum. Nice. #doYOURjob
tisk tisk
a case of the #POTus calling the kettle black. The most partisan #potus in my lifetime.
Since when?  Every president has appointed justices favorable to his views.  That's a fact.
isn't their approval rate hovering above what 10%, so sad that they really don't care to do the job ppl put them there 2do.#wtf
Not something Obama did, so not that he wants is a bad thing but was good when he did it
YES! #DoYourJob
The American people spoke. The House and Senate became Republican. We want a Conservative SCOTUS nominee. Not some liberal POS.
Amen!
We only need 5 justices so 2 more need to die. No confirmations is needed. Now respond to that!!!
AMEN!!!!!!!!!!
They're embarrassing me in front of the world; it's bad when Exchange students pretend to be from Canada to avoid Trump ?s.
in reality??
I agree  mr president
#DoYourJob
screw you we don't want a libatard judge in there for your agenda!!
Thank you Mr. President for the outstanding job you did these last 8 years. Voted 4 U 2x and don't regret it! God Bless!
your a partisan politician
sorry, Mr. Pres, they aren't interested in doing the correct thing, they aren't thinking about the country, it's all politics
Call out Roberts to insist Repubs have hearings since it is his court & he may have influence. SCOTUS is as disFCTNL as Congres
, yes we do not expect much of are Senate. But, be a good idea if they would do their job, they were elected to do.
They don't care if country is crumbling and people don't have jobs. Don't love GOD, GOP loves root of EVIL. MAKE ME SICK!!!!!!!
CFC v
Please hurry and You should pick that person, on one else! New Jersey loves you! Stay blessed 
OMG, that is the most cynical quote from you, ever!  Why so many 5-4 decisions then? Just coincidence??
You cannot put men in womens' bathroom and expect them to remain calm while peeing next to one.
