Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
its truuu...
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
Gxhxbxb bb b n b b n b n n n n n n b b b n b n n b n n n n nxjxidysushzjxjzh,jxhzgxhzh hxh jcj hxhxh j jcjcj k j n m sandeep.jambholkar
keep
Too late. Donald Trump won despite Obama campsigning for Hillary Clinton a.k..a  crooked Hillary
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
I love you allways sir im your big fan my best  wishes allways with u you mey long live life
hi man how are you?  I am from Afghanistan.
at first what is your mother name till i tell you my name?

Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
No, we'd rather see Mr Trump put HIS choice in the SCOTUS when he becomes our POTUS. You've done enough damage.
Teachers Colony 3BHK Apartment http://bit.ly/areapl7 
Sorry that you have to deal with Ted Cruz. I'm just glad he isn't a true Texan, he already brings enough shame to us.
You have made a mess.  Your choice for a Justice isn't going to solve your failing legacy. You made your bed so sleep in it.

NO WE The People don't want another liberal who'll abort more 9 month living "fetus' We'll wait for a humane  POTUS.

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. freezing the account, remitted back to the United States,
- Could not disagree with you more!  When are you going to do YOUR job?
I was a Democrat till Hilary was nominated the decision should be left up to President Trump @BarackObama
toje pravda kdepak soudy ajejich omili prosím panne pošlete mity věci a uniformi 187cm stejně jako vy i levák sem do podhradu
speak up for a justice that will be objective. One that will follow the constitution and not push the liberal agenda
Chose a judge who will follow the Constitution and not re-interpret it and you'll have no opposition. No power overreach.
the United States will be destroyed, because I do want to divide Turkey.,,
足枷については示談交渉を受けない、アメリカから日本に来たんだから関わらないで下さい、弁護士のクリントンを通せ。
他の方法は無しだからね、警察に連絡入れてるけどね
GET OUT
WIKILEAKS EMAIL SHOWS YOU WERE BEHIND SCALIA'S DEATH. SHAME ON YOU DEMS. CROOKS AND CRIMINALS. GET OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE!!
http://Money4Task.com/?ref=293072 
You first, Barry.
So u can keep ur devious, corrupt system going?
you are so right when is something going to be done about it
Why should they do their job? You circumvented them on nearly everything else you've done. #AsshatInChief
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. freezing the account, remitted back to the United States,
Can't you just decide on a person and get it done? I thought you had that power.
Not fair to have a sane president replaced by a person nobody wants. Please stay around four more years! Please, we need you!
Can you gimme a follow back. You are legend of all countries
your legacy is her and her corruption! You had her sign agreement she ignored!
Qatar gifts Bill Clinton $1,000,000 for his birthday. Arms flow increases 1,482%: http://www.ibtimes.com/clinton-foundation-donors-got-weapons-deals-hillary-clintons-state-department-1934187 … and https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/8396 …
if we didn't do our jobs, we would be fired.  Why is it different rules for them?
the.republicans will never give you a vote obama 50 years from you may have a chance not now
yes they are insulting to the candidate.
Cada serviço..
Gloria Byerly
I have no faith in this country's democracy system(elected rep).The two candidates are horrible so is congress
http://projectveritasaction.com 
I hope you are the next appointment how could they say no
good job destroying America!!!
John McCain is so desperate to bring back his base he says he's willing to continue 4 more years. Imagine that!
Michel
E is the best
I help
E is great
wish u  old run àgain
sorry Obama live in canada u are great6
GOP doesn't know what they're in for when they lose this election. Garland is an excellent choice.

///i like you
alot
obama
````
xo
its short bc you and killary snuffed Scalia. Your VP lobbied to stall as well. ACA crumbles, u lie, u.s. broke.no refunds?
God bless you and your family!!
ıloveyou saddam hüseyin , terrör :abd israel germany pyd
They ARE!  That's why u don't get ur way in destroying #America @HouseGOP @SenateGOP Represent #WeThePeople Remember?
thank you sir
Oboma you have been in W H 8yr you have not done any good you have been a disaster for a Pres.
Our country has been short a strong effective president for almost 8yrs!! Supreme court can wait for Trump presidency!!
you are a bed too long in the White House and ruined what you had a chance to do for greatness by selling out. Go back to Dubai
/ GOOD MORNING / NIGHT SIR.  GOD BLESS U ALL SIR.
Get out!
Amen
the country has been without a budget for far too long, #doyourjob, Mr. President
@http://TheTasksPay.com/?user=258401
AgreeAgreeAgree
no problem they don't know how to do their job and vote...we can show them how on election day...when we vote them O...U...T!!!

WHATS RIGGED? HOW DO YOU RIG AN ELECTION? IM SURE WHEN YOU WHERE A COMMUNITY ORGANIZER YOU RIGGED SOME ELECTIONS
It can wait for a new POTUS
the supreme court is doing it job , you are not . you ruined this country's insurance system. It was perfect before you.
@ArvindKejriwal @GujjuGabbar - Barack ji plz iss Kejri kutte ki lulli kaat do !!!
please Obama ji. After your presidential run in US. Come to India. We will make you PM.
- And kejri kutte ko America ka president bana dena !!! Trump ka bhaanja hi hai
if they do your job, can I have yours? #Desperate #HelpMe #DoYourJob #GiveMeYours
thank you for the good work you have done
We've been short a president for 8 years. It's time we did something about that. Hmm Who am I talking about?
thank you for the good job you have done
@CNN   #Wisconsin #Florida #Pennsylvania #Ohio #AMERICA #DEBATE 
WAKE UP AMERICA 
 WATCH 
https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/779812730614063104/video/1 …
Republicans abandon constitutional duties for partisan politics as usual. Pauldhunt@pauldhuntlaw.com.
no thanks
I text you from you Haiti,I really consider what you've done,so good job!!!
:)
just quit now. You are horrible!

the prd obama the red couleur z in the coner my country smeling blood 19dec pple or kabila?

beter short than over turning the balance. Washington is crooked enough we don't need the SCOTUS UNBALANCED
#gfy
stop wasting my money campaign for a corrupt politician
sir, u are being very deceptive about hillary, middle east, russia and ur promotion of bush jr policy.
it's just another reason why we are all gonna vote a blue ticket
...  STOP putting forth pawns as options and maybe Congress will... Stop acting like a child... You FMD and SA pawn.
when will you do your job if you had a boss you would of been fired 7 years ago
Are you whining? “@BarackObama: Supreme Court has been short a justice for far too long #DoYourJob, Senate leaders. http://ofa.bo/2e1Kwce ”
still whining...... .....yawn
Who will be counting these votes? Many are not as educated as you are Sir, why do you support HRC knowing the truth about her?
Just Another Manifestation Of The Disrespect Our President Endures.
U should take your own advise, and get back to work 4 ALL of us, not just the ppl who R 4 HRC who promote violence/voter fraud
never let Obamanation touch the Supreme Court
Give it up BHO.  You're not getting your judge.  The peeps are not with you anymore.  You let us down.
GOP Senate members do not deserve reelection. They are not, & for 8 years have not, done their job for the American people.
too bad. Your choice not getting the nod. Boo hop
You and your corrupt team will lose...you incite violence and race wars...a coward when it comes to protecting my country

Shiite terrorism against Muslims
These Shiite terrorists who help America
American leader of terrorism in the world #Shia threat to humanity https://twitter.com/omar_madaniah/status/788732725591175168 …
. @BarackObama @OFA you could have made a recess appointment like DDE; you didn't. @bruceshum B&S. We all got our own lemon laws.@HouseFloor
. @BarackObama @OFA @bruceshum @HouseFloor
. @BarackObama @OFA @bruceshum @HouseFloor
. @BarackObama @OFA @bruceshum @HouseFloor

when we elect an American President, he will appoint one.
John McCain admitted he would do everything in his power to block S.C. nominee if Hillary is elected!  Vote GOP out!
Impeach Clarence Thomas.  At least it'll be an odd number.
our supreme court yes your right you should be impeached
i think you best look in the mirror obama
Our country has been short a worthy president for almost 8 yrs, we can wait a few more months for Trump appointed judge!
The mental illness of ISLAM and MUSLIMs http://www.jewsnews.co.il/2015/11/30/muslim-cannibalism-jewish-soldiers-lynched-and-thrown-to-blood-thirsty-masses-who-ripped-them-apart-and-ate-their-organs.html … …
go away
This is why it is so vital we get a conservative. Liberals are after your freedom
Being a little hypocritical aren't you?  You abandoned the American citizens the day you took office.
, Voters need to insist that #Senators #DoYourJob or #LoseIt!
hell no we don't want another liberal judge in there so you Democrats have more left wing pull we want a constitutional judge
our country has been a President short for 8 years.. we're used to it

you are too dirty!  You cannot be trusted.  http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-10-18/robert-creamer …
leadership skills to help me out with a good day to you and I am going on with my mom and I am a bit of time and I am going on
leaders and members of the time to get the same time as I have a great day
senator Rubio I will have the time and effort and I have to go back in touch and go over to my parents and my husband has to go
your as corupt as hilary. . Nice legacy. Lol. Worse ever in our countries history.
a family that flocks together gets knocked together with no knock at the door FORE we are all professionals
I support you Mr. President
you tell them!!!
we have to flip the Senate. Bring it back to the Democrats.
sense for us know how it is not an issue that needs attention and cooperation in the future I have to go with it and the best R
Senate and I will be a good time
debate about the new Sprint Galaxy Nexus Android app development and offer an alternative is a great weekend too much for t
ring around the Rosie
is Italian
Wikileaks
or I want my Erin back
and my cock ring so was most likely Mr Fisher
and I want my ring back
listing agent and she will have a good day to day life and death of my resume and I am going on the other day I have been tryin
loading and I am a little bit more about your order is ready for a while and then you will have a good day please see the attac
I Whistleblowed the knee fits Snookie fits
and cock sliced
jötem barack obama
do your job posting when are we going to the Sundance motel
year old son is a good day
I agree. It is outrageous & unjust.
doorknob the first one
I know how to pick lock I could be an expert metal gear solid laser expert
