My Sooners have  a bad defense is it because of climate change  how about worried about jobs
what are you doing to protect the water and land in North Dakota?
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …

Did pic is nice
Dis pic is nice
I need Money for school fee. Pls help
And I wanna invest in Agric in Nigeria, just help pls. #Climate Change
Good morning
@realDonaldTrump When President Hu came for the banquet, LANGLANG played antiAmerica song, Hu overjoyed, Obama OK too.
Not as dangerous as destroying our economy for a political agenda.
#GoGreen FOR 1 DAY! Promote @DrJillStein Show the USA we have 4 presidential candidates not three! https://youtu.be/gT_nDsznkb8 
Lying and breaking our constitution is a disgrace. You took an oath to protect Americans you have done the opposite.
I thought Climate Change would help your golf games? Only 300+ rounds so far. #ClimateChangeHoax
Better 2 support Trump who can B educated on such matters, than someone who recognizes climate change & does nothing
You are right. I pray Clinton will win by the grace of God
America should be making our own changes. We need to stay out of the Paris agreement and use the money they will cost us to implement our own changes
100% HOAX! Biggest scam in the worlds history. The globe warms and cools. There is not enough data to prove otherwise.
wrong "priorities" you're an embarrassment to the US
climate change has been happening for as long as the earth has existed. Both of us know this. It is the WHY we separate.
keep scaring people to impose your extremely dangerous and priven failed ideas
WHY? For who?
it's nothing but scam for your buddies to take tax money. If so worried get a bicycle not a jet.
look at angles of earth's axis be your climate change. Gained ice back last year. This yr be like 1999 weather.
Shame on You!
http://principia-scientific.org/nasa-exposed-in-massive-new-climate-data-fraud/ …
Fraud is dangerous.
More fear mongering from the left.  What a dark vision.
good by dummy
BIAFRA: Deceit Economic Diversification And Further Oil Exploration in Nigeria http://dlvr.it/MSknjQ 
Man folks are licking too much now they r making me Barak Obama the whole day licking nd pulling my body, how did u bear?

: Climate just changed while I read your Tweet. Oh my God! It just changed again. I hope you're ok. Safe space green hugs.
Because there won't be much of US left! U haven't made Alies, you've made enemies!
Denying HC is a criminal is unjustifiable! No excuses! If we have a war with RUSSIA we won't have 2 worry about climate:p
stand up to China  Obama
this is just bull shit made up by the government to control the population....Scientist have ALREADY debunked this crap...
5 minutes of your time can save his life please sign and share the petition
you've done absolutely nothing, you have underestimated we little everyday ppl
apparently you don't understand the American public is intelligent, capable of reading and understanding that you've con't
@Potus Thank to Obama, Iran produces more than 5 different types of drones copied from captured US'
The climate changes 4 times a year. Spring summer fall and winter. Deal with it  
Good Morning I love ayou Barack
law sets climate for the world. Change the environment, change to LAW of TRUTH, individual freewill sovereignty.Heb7:12

Climate change is caused  by natural causes But pollution is caused by man
nobody denies climate change! Remember the ice age? only dispute the reasons and the $ and control energy co recvd
As dangerous as propping up a soon-to-be-NUCLEAR IRAN?!? You're not fooling anyone, and your bus leaves in a few days =)
Untrue, #Environmentalism is #Collectivism. Dr. Gerard Emershaw highlights this in his epic book:
This is real and we must reduce carbon levels.

hi. Obama.
not denying climate change but Americans need to be wary when the government uses something like this to tax u.
#WorstPresidentEver
still pushing these lies eh Barry? It's the height of disgusting to use our money to campaign for the Clinton Crime Family
Rinku kumar Varun
wish you could stay the president
the climate change is not the biggest problem is stopping HC from been prosecuted for her unscrupulous actions
so is provoking Russia in Syria
denying Nusra is a terrorist org is deadly. Denyng Daesh doesnt inflrate refuges is dangerous.
you,re lying to america people but they,re awaking soon
no man or woman can change the evolution of the earth or country
No, @BarackObama. believing in the unproven "science" of the #ActOnClimate hoax is dangerous. @OFA
Your climate change is rediculous, fool!!
... as is reporting on it. 
(Snowden points out  he's only facing 30.)
https://trofire.com/2016/10/13/documentary-filmmaker-faces-45-years-prison-covering-pipeline-protest/ …
More than 300 Republican congressmen are pro-life that is until living things threatens profits of the coal/oil industry
Nobody believes it!
It sure is. Creeks & falls are drying up all across Alabama.
denying it's a natural thing and has nothing to do w humans is what is dangerous #moreliesoutofwahington
u7tr
I agree climate change will be one of the most serious disasters Earth will face!
yes, denying weather might mean you leave the house without an umbrella...bad hair day.

not understanding it is worse
نحن ضد تغير المناخ
Indeed!Denying #ClimateChange is akin to welcoming the final disaster for all Mankind!
What's more dangerous, Climate Change or not having any police officers?
Denying genocide in #Aleppo is weak.
Of course climate changes - Why don't you say "Manmade Climate Change"  can't, can you, no solid proof.  POMPOUS POTUS

You said middle east wars are the result of climate change. Are you serious. How can you say that with a straight face????
Translation: Stand up for my legacy.
ask the people of the east coast and west coast we know it we see it we feel it...why dont they get it??
call EPA .. Quickly 
To step down after you scared?
you like all demon crats muslimobama lie cheat steal treason against Constitution.
Now who is the doom and gloom politician?
That heat you feel is NOT Climate Change but the END of your career
I respect you sir.
May God bless you and your family.
why pray tell does it matter that @HillaryClinton a brother is on board of a goldmine? @realDonaldTrump randomly says it
I don't often agree with BO but when I do I vote Trump.  You were right!!!

Equally denying the role of Radical Islam is dangerous.
if you go on a coastline and see a fossil Beach 10 m (30feet) above your head, do you wonder why? I guess you don't.
fear fear fear.
Fear of the environment, fear of Trump, fear of guns.
Who promotes fear these days?
Dems or Reps?
There a bigger hypocrite than Obama? Can not think of any President in modern history that has whined & made excuses more!
BARACK YOUR BAE
How is it dangerous to have a differing opinion, Lord barry? #climatechange
adamsın  barack obma
Ice caps were to be gone in 2013 so what happened? All make up story to get money and control
YETLONKL  , LOCAL KOLMITER NOTIFICATION ONOCATION TECHOMIR EARTH YEARLY
...I don't believe in climate change, as it is a false religious cult.
ACCESS GRANTED
Obama, do something about Assange. He's still leaking e-mails & he may make Hillary lose: http://thehill.com/policy/cybersecurity/300890-assange-grudge-against-clinton-shapes-us-election …. Kill Assange
I won't. Cuz Wikileaks was just proved 2 B lying: http://www.newsweek.com/vladimir-putin-sidney-blumenthal-hillary-clinton-donald-trump-benghazi-sputnik-508635 …, http://www.newsweek.com/benghazi-biopsy-comprehensive-guide-one-americas-worst-political-outrages-385853 …, http://bipartisanreport.com/2016/10/12/breaking-hillary-clinton-vindicated-after-wikileaks-caught-fabricating-fake-emails-details/ …

climate change been happening for billion years. Man made is tiny fraction of it.  Government is the real problem. #mtpol
not too late.. atleast we shall put actions on ground than saying words to save our future generations..
History will tell who the science deniers were. You will be remembered as Barry, the King of Nothing.
..Jimmy -do dat  RT @ArchDigest: smog-eating tower help solve China pollution http://archdg.co/Vl1FnKY 
The pollution is spreading above them should take strong action #ActOnClimate
shut up and go back to sleep!
With deal U gave Iran there will b nuclear fall out b4 climate change. I give it 3 yrs unless Trump is elected
follow me pls
No, you're the dangerous one, Obama!  With you in charge, America is only one step away from a Hitler's Reichstag fire!
ask a geologist what they think about climate change.
I WILL SAY THIS WHEN I WENT THROUGH MY MINISTRY I ALWAYS ASKED THE LORD WHO IS MY FATHER
SO WHEN FRANKLIN  A SMITH HONORED FEED ME CLOTHE ME ETC I FOUND OUT
Dangerous?!?! That sounds scary, like Trump says scary things! Yikes!!
It was global warming that CO2 emissions "caused". But cooling instead (fail) Now is Climate Change to enrich green buddys
give up air force 1 if you think there climate change ass whole
Global Warming is a scam. Just look at all the millions Obama has wasted on green companies now gone bankrupt.
the drug war is deadly. join #EndTheDrugWar supporters in standing up for bold action now #DoTheRightThing #LegalizeIt #Liberty
another word to get rid of jobs dont be fooled
We do not need it.Trump.for President let's make American great again prison for Hillary and Obama
Trump for President Hillary Clinton and Bill and Obama Prison
What are the precautions that should be taken in this case Mr. President?
taking money from you to make banks richer that all fuck obama
What about #NoDAPL
Denying Consumerism is a major root cause is dangerous too, but that doesn't stop you from doing it now does it.
Denying that Catholics are evil is dangerous for our climate around the Globe.greetings the truth.
you and yours are the ones causing it, not us.
كويحة
Mexican illegal alien deported ten times since 2010 now charged with child rape #Legacy  @BarackObama @OFA
sir yes sir
What the world needs now! #action #climatechange
isn't it amazing how a 1/10 of a degree can do all that !
@POTUS but I'm sure getting into a nuclear war with Russia will be great for the environment won't it.
Let's see that bold action in stopping the Dakota Pipeline. We cannot separate climate change from protecting our H2O
today firing in shrinagar this is in india. Two soldiers dead by terrerist. They are all pak terrerist.
Having u as president has turned out to dangerous
When real science is shown I will back it. Science proves itself and does not take a vote to prove something. Prove it.
are you serious?? There are hundreds of articles and documentaries
Yeah and you know what those are called a hypothesis because over time all of them have disproved themslvs
I'm not they are facts. If you follow the money, all those denying the globe is warming are paid off
I can say the same thing about those who say its fact. Also give me a break the only fix is more taxes
https://vid.me/eFl9  @HillaryClinton nuclear war is gonna be bad for climate. GET OUT
