ur so wonderful.
brother you treat me like Bill Clinton treats his son Danny Williams.

...., looks nice and all but.,,, many are suffering from radio frequency terrorism..,,, wish it were that lovey dovey.,,,,
سلام ريس سبق انا مورتياني
unfortunately the policies of the last eight years have made it harder for my family.
---oh,yes you did.
@BarackObama
Te apoyamos heres un gran lider
For the nation it Umantarning and Riss problem
Love you Obama...
Truth: Dems put a single payer option in the ACA bill.  GOP failed to pass bill with the option.  It costs us more, but saved other's lives.
Lie.

It got you as it duttey of care
Before Obamacare I could not buy any insurance even if I could of paid 2 grand a month.  When I got Obamacare I could sleep at night.
Un presidente como tú ninguno.mis respetos
اقصد.لفصيله.ءومجباسلب
facts were brought to you by the same people that said Hillary had a 97% chance of winning election.
Evidence?
For show
When we had a president
Blahhhhhaaaaa joke @BarackObama
So what you saying for the whole world teaching kids
Scrutety and scrutety to the content to the nation that issue a self working investment uman rights Wimans rights
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 ,, 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Good old man, blessing you, good morning, good night, good night, yes, Lord, Lord, Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health,
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快樂,再見,帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快乐,再见
ههه
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ????????????????????
we will never sell our country out to the world you progressives are selling us out but not the people. Many many more of us
Michelle que se cuide, você tá muito bonitão! Deus que abençoe e conserve.
where?
wished I could do same for my country.....
#IWillForNigeria
household income maybe grew for the rich. You're always patting yourself on the back imagine that.
YOUR POLICIES SUCKED!! TRUMP TRAIN WILL WRECK EM ALL RIGHT OUT OF THE HOUSE!!
More Fake News
いやほいダンス流行ってるの？
Will u consider not using the term race? It's a social construct without any biological basis.Use ethnicity. It refers 2 origin
and left everyone else a pay check away from poverty
obama family we love you ! I am Swedish and we love you too !,
@JennAnnCrosby 
January 20, 2017 - End of an Error.
Barack Obama we all love you around the world .we hate trump  ! Around the world .
What is he smoking to THINK HE'S leaving a "good economy " behind? He's one of the shadiest & worst POTUS we've ever had #FACT
i
trump could fly he's own plane !

you look dignified with Gray Hair of course you are my favorite president !
You are a LIAR.
no one is buying the shit your selling
3.5 Million? Billions to other countries yet cant feed our children a hot meal a school. #FeedYourOwn1stThenTheWorld
is #MAGA
Looks like a bumch of Bullhockey to me
intext come on bangkadesh @BarackObama..  tnk u very much
we love you ! You're the best .it's ironic that trump going to be president you have so much class .
I challenge you to a game of 1 on 1 basketball. Game to 11
don't worry Obama we get them in four year's ! Love the Obama's
maybe in US  but in Puerto Rico things are bad. Myhusband worked for a bank, laidoff a year ago, still not found a good job. ??
I'M IN MN JUST THINKING ABOUT YOU REALLY BAD BARACK?
The federal poverty level is sooooo low. Many very poor folk live just above that threshold but are not considered poor....
Dear Sir,

I am prashant sharma from Gwalior India. At present time I don't have any job. So help me. Hence provide me a job.
: while fictitious facts say incomes rose, real facts say health insurance coverage ate up more $$ than anyone made!
WHAT A FREAKIN LIE.
hello plzzz help me
please don't go :(
#Id like a raise #$793 mo social security with no raises 4 of 5 yrs isnt enough to survive on #I am hungry
how can you claim things are better for any race when you allow what is happening to #StandingRockUnderAttack on your watch.
Fk
losing my respect for you help the Indians !
help the Indians could you imagine if somebody Digg up your mother's grave ? How hurtful !
help the Indians it's there land !  Shameful ! But I always heard money more important in this country  Swedish
Barack Obama where are you ? Help the Indian's I Dakota please!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10153572930182255&substory_index=0&id=227301997254 …
Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods, Glen Doherty. Their vote and voice was silenced but we the people can speak for them..
@ChewieMcChew 
hey there Mr O! I just got married in the Dominican Republic!
Obamacare ain't no good for no body. If it were,YOU WOULD have it

Keep up the good work Barack!
good leaders always think ahead of time . You're one such a leader!
Obama wake up please Stop the DAPL.. Its time to wake up..
Please Follow us @MEMMSHealthFacts
Great job Mr. President! 
love you and your family but I am in a shelter for the second time, WITH a child with disabilities, please see our GoFundMe pg
so where are they
I have been nice a supporter since you came into office, but Obama care is killing the American middle and lower class.
I wanted to say thank you for all you have done for our country

muchas gracias nos bas acer muchas falta
you are a national disgrace. I'm embarrassed of u
nice
and our GDP is only percent. This is laughable 
नमस्ते आप को आने वाली दीपावली की हार्दिक बधाई और शुभकामनाये व देश के अन्दर आन्तकवादी को खत्म करने के लिए मजबूत पॉलिसी बनाओ
We will miss you President ObamaThank you
Obama love
love our PresidentWhy is trump such a racist
That's crap. I didn't see any of it.
you haven't help anyone People are receiving premiums going up 200 % voter remorse! You will go down as the "WORST" ever!!
that will help pay for the increase we will all see for health insurance!
https://twitter.com/P0TUSTrump/status/791077421772443648 …
liar and traitor to the people and to america
you did great
such a dishonest  man
The best president at the Usa
the worst!
Pena que muitas pessoas não pensam assim e a maior parte das políticas públicas de inclusão social não acontecem.
Mr.President how about coming to south Texas in McAllen area to speak campaign for HillaryClinton #voteblue#strongertogether.
in spite of GOP determined lack of cooperation and stop everything Obama policy. The country runs better without them.

Median Household Income was higher under George W Bush. 
@BarackObama
Lift here is better than the lift stated on The Jimmy Kimmel Show
Thanks for good years in World politics. Whish you a Nice retirerment. Have a nice day. Greetings from Denmark 

I ha've taken a time trying to learn something out from your leadership but I am being disappointed because I get no result
@BarackObama
why can't u stay for another 4 years. I don't want any of the dumas session running to be pres.
I do NOT believe you sir!
here is the decline of people working, straight from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Look since 2008....
#bestpresidentever
economy not much improved  .you know it.  Come on be realistic here.
47mil on food stamps,over 90mil not working,19trillion debt,things are great!Just print baby print,our country away.
give me a break if you want people to really notice some good you have done then stop the pipeline for real this time.
you're my pick for best president ever.
Best president Ever! You will be in history books! You will be missed
I will be working the polls! I feel you are the best president that we've had! History books you will be in!
Mr. President how about leaving the greatest legacy ever? Implement http://humanityparty.com 
No they didn't. Black unemp. still near 10%. Only in an age of compliant media could you get away with such bald-faced lying.
BUSTED hope you go to prison with Hillary.
please clear this up for the American people: https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/31077 …
you can't make this shit up but he does anyway
Not true - poverty has never been higher in the last 50 years!  Maybe Obama should do his job and get off the campaign trail?
have you heard what is going on in Princeville NC? Please send help ASAP! Special Session Request
Ülkeleri bombala aileleri dağıt perişan et sonrada aileden bahset bırak bu iyi adam rolunü ahirette ilk yakana ben yapışacağım
I humbly ask you to read about islam and Quran. accept it and revert your self to Islam. dont think what ppl might say.
 lies
No matter how you couch it, our economy is anemic and pathetic due to your poor policies.

Bullshit ive made the same shitty wage here in north carolina for years!

everyone voting trump don't forget to wear red Nov 8th...its happening...
You lifted them out of poverty by making them dependent on government programs! Way to pat yourself on the back for nothing!
And what is the increase in #Obamacare cant keep Dr and prices go up more lies from the #Dems
U sell it TrademarkProducts at #whitehouse AS notAllow Americans #homebizRights #mixusezoning 2CreateOurOwnJobs notEqualAccess!
bull crap povertyHas WORSENED IT #GOLFCOURSE  RnotSPREADINGplight POORlives R HELLtraumaticEVERYDAY SPOILEDuWouldWhine 1dayInIT
Add to the higher taxes and higher insurance costs we now have the ACA that is now the Unaffordable Care Act.
Türkiye de öldürülen insan hakkı nerde çakmapapa fötö yü iada etmiyorsun  sizin yaptıgınız insanlık şuçu
İşliyorsunuz .
