How many voters did you just buy in doing this? You're a very sick Man!
Evie the evil male transexual nanny man
so the first time you seen the real me was on the rez the rest of the other texts were for the insane clown transexual guy
out The Pope downtown hotels near the bottom of my cock getting back into my gay marriage life done sleeping bag of tricks
seriously I'ma hopping sleeping
oh you found out about my chain gang and Gordon's leg pit the pipe down and get some sleep seriously I'm going to sleep
you texted on my phone
gordon Ramsay aka Mr Fisher ratted me out
But thanks to you Mr President many many more people do
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
@BarackObama

@ArvindKejriwal देश भक्ति का ज्वार है उमड़ा, अब ये मंद नहीं होगा,।
तुम चीख- चीख कर मर जाओ, पर भारत बंद नहीं होगा,।।
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
yeah they are choosing its called premiums...sad
How many decades did this take???
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
President, the Lord, the Lord, the Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health, happiness, goodbye, goodbye, good morning, good night
Eric

Right yet again, President Obama!!
patients shoulders gave me a massage
hello mr obama r u gud my big brother
A real President Taking Care Of Real Needs Of The American  People
Thank You Sir.....
Thanks for that. I hope Jack in the box gets some of those.
Please delete your account. No one is listening to you anymore.
what you realised casual labor and temping is legalised slavery?
So taxpayers are now paying another 1.1M people to NOT work #MakeAmericaGreatAgain @seanhannity
it took 8 years to do this?
Where will the money come from? Borrow it? Print more? Is there intent here you're not alluding to? Looks like debt to me.
tidak jelas ! harap maklum !
bagaimana kepastian dan kejelasannya !? aku sangat membutuhkannya ! mohon konfirmasi langsung ke aku ! birokrasi di negeri aku
Big win! It's time to realize paid leave is not a sacrifice on productivity
Ever had a Governor tell you that you can't drop a child off at school?  Then lay your A$$ off for doing so? Bill Haslam Sucks!
better yet, might have been State of TN's
$100 Million fraudulent
reporting to obtain Federal Funds. Still have proof in SDB!!
He, great predident of usa is a very handsome guy.
then stop giving r money to illegals and Muslim refugees
Yay!
you are right
reform the insurance companies rules that controll the pharmacy business
woo!  Labor rights win.  Now we can start tackling maternity leave.
Please! FMLA has been around for years....long before Obama
what if that child has severe autism? Our families suffer day in day out. No reprieve to help families struggle every day!
Now We know where you learned to be so corrupt.
Your debate with McCain id a lie about taxing people with the Healthcare plan. U r a liar
Hmmm, I know little of Earth affairs, but this sounds quite reasonable
my parents never think about paychecks....they love us in conditionally.
I mean it.
what about us parents who have to stay home everyday and can NEVER work because of a disabled child? We need help!!
Federal contractors only? I guess the citizens don't count!
Obama sport biafra restoration
American life really its not a way of life
@jackiejankw hasn't the internet been around since uhh hmm 1991, Obama was elected in 2008, perhaps my math is off..
Good job!

also advice @narendramodi to do the same in India.
parents should also have a say in things like their children being illegally fingerprinted by their schools but...
People shouldn't have to be afraid to go places and not get blown up because of all your Muslims you allow in our country.
You have always been for the good of the people! Thank you!!
Hello I need a scholarship in America, please help me. Doctorat degree in Agriculture
♡ from Hyde parker
or being bullied by a male supervisor because a woman has to leave to pick up their children or takeoff because of a child!!
EVERY other civilized nation has govt sponsored health care,paid leave for both parents, LIVING WAGE, pensions/401k !
contractor $ rates are in their contract and they are high enough to cover unpaid days off. Unless they are ignorant D voters.
Mr. President can you make that a law so the private sector has to conform. You will be missed
who is going to run the store while everyone stays home with their sick children? Bad for business
Muslim is Also human stop war in Syria
u have had 8 yrs to care about this issue. R we 2 believe suddenly (since DT made headway w/this) u now suddenly care?
more regulation on business.  Where does it end?
Globalist traitor.
Philippines, ASEAN, Russia,Iran, N Korea, China, we seem to be getting weaker by the day.  They laugh in our faces? So?
President ass wipe just gave away the Internet.
?!?
This is such a good thing. Good work like this never gets enough media coverage, sadly.
@HillaryClinton She needs to come back to Ohio! Why help turn this state red? Or aren't we important?
Seeing our president honoring PERES.in his funeral,add more moments of being proud of being an AMERICAN. Great job
.@JinxClower Laugh Out Loud funny video on tRUMP and his silly statements.  #tcot
yea he does this when he's leaving ,now he's deploying more troops 6000 now, the original recommendation was 10000..
thanks a lot sir, great humanitarian step. After all, people earn for their family.
@akshaykumar
Proud of the Indian Army for successfully carrying out the anti-terrorism operation.Glad the Government took this bold step,was about time!

Proud of the Indian Army for successfully carrying out the anti-terrorism operation.Glad the Government took this bold step,was about time!
avec une traduction en mécanique des theoreme on peut apres voir pour l'energie noir ce qu'il manque sans choquer.
nor should they be given access to good schools with vouchers. @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
I work in home health we do not sick or vacation pay,if we don't showfor work no pay
mais apres pythagore n'est jamais une mesure d'une longueur mais sur sur un plan R^4
et pour pythagore il y a le theoreme de ptolemé qui s'explique pour savoir si un planche est droite ou non et si ca change bcp
la louisianne a moins trouvé d'emploi que la californie et new york. c'est une mediatisation de l'emploi?
Good one
STOP THE CORRUPTION STOP THE CORRUPTION STOP THE CORRUPTION STOP THE CORRUPTION

G R A P H I C
#Yemen : Passenger minivan ("dabab", in local lingo) in capital Sanaa hit by #Saudi airstrike shrapnel today. 
نهاركم سعيد سيدي الرئيس
الرجاء منكم مساعدتي على القدوم أليكم يوم الأثنين لدواعي أمنية تخص بلادكم
If u r one of those 3300 orphan Vietnamese who were transferred to the US in 1975, you can sue for  $$
 https://twitter.com/Barjasbh/status/782160343070023680/photo/1pic.twitter.com/teWugIfRPT 
True after 7+ years y haven't u done something about that?
#FailedPotus
#HillaryForPrison2016
America asks States to observe the Human Rights Watch and the US soldier kills children and imagine their side

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account,  remitted back to the United States
Good afternoon sir..
小奥
या देवी सर्वभूतेषु शक्ति रूपेण संस्थिता,
नमस्तस्यै नमस्तस्यै ,नमस्तस्यै नमो नमः।
#माँ  भगवती - भागवत सत्ता को नमन

भारत का साथ देने पर हाफिज सईद ने दी अमेरिका को धमकी ?http://hindi.news24online.com/hafiz-saeed-pakistan-surgical-strikes-us-84/ …
जय माता दी सरजी आप को प्यार से दिल से
is handsome boy
your good boy
@renoomokri When can we have this sort of  engagement of citizen in the government. Want to know when someone is just blaming.
nice... ms obama


I want to came in usa...can you help bn me....barak sir...!?
Amen. I am just a teenager but still. No one can make that decision.
You've screwed the middle class w/healthcare we can't afford, higher taxes to pay for people who shouldn't be here. A disgrace.
I can't afford insurance for my children due to what you've done. 5k increase in 1 year. We don't qualify 4 help. Horrible
What do u think u did when u increased my Healthcare by $5000 this year?! I can't afford insurance for my kids. U have no idea.
please don't give away the internet tonight
I AGREE ... and should  globally implemented  @louise90535705
Innocent Syrians shouldN'T continue to die. http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/09/30/world/middleeast/100000004683024.app.html …
True Mr president, Kool. Calm and Class
Agreed.. Quit driving the damn debt so high that the taxes consume 40% of the paycheck in the first place! Idiot

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRRxVlT2NZs …
100% agreed
of.course.sir.
o
Great job. We are not even close to Europe in similar social services.
Nijyar Shemdin
can you just stay president for another 4 years? We clearly have horrible options right now. Don't leave us. lol
you are so clueless it isn't even funny anymore. America will be better off when you leave office.
Congratulations to the President on that. Let's make this a better world one step and one child at a time!
YEAH!! Keep giving other people's money away. And keep wasting ours on your around the world trip before you leave office. POS
https://youtu.be/mFwtrPCYP4Y  #traitorobama #goodbyeinternetfreedom
After Obama important  history  in the America political  landscape  the next history is First woman president in America. H.C.
only idiots  don't  like Obama even  if he do good. He made an erased history  to be first African American  president.
A balance must exist ... and be able to watch the children at home.



Yes they should. Not the government's affair.
amen Mr.Obama I'm going to really really really miss you
 will miss you at the helm.
Awesome, now we need the private sector to do the same!!
Awesome. Thank you so much.
Gov's should share and shared 
Vision and selection needed more gob action.justice should prevail
God Bless
Gov's. Should share and shared with
right
It is not right to veto countries Syrian people killed internationally forbidden weapons and demand silence us
@Oprah
@cnn
Really.   Well your policies made that possible.   Good bye. Get lost #trump2016
It's amazing how so many are taken in by your hollow lines.
"...right to life, liberty, and guarantee of happiness without any pain or trials, or the need to take care of yourself..."
https://www.facebook.com/ThomasH.JosephII/videos/10210794487923484/ … The people need you Mr Obama.

Syrian People's decision to offsets the participation of Bashar al-Assad Iran and Russia kills Syrians major crime
/ Good Morning / Night Sir. Have A Nice Week End Day Sir. God Hanuman Bless U All.
http://www.gofundme.com/2skjsudg 
So?
You had the chance to have a significant & necessary impact & you failed to even try.
https://thepundit456.wordpress.com/2016/09/30/black-ambition-betrayed-by-a-black-president/ … #LeadOnLeave
