Good morning
and be prepared to pay bigly!! Obamacare is ridiculous. Vote @realDonaldTrump to repeal and replace!!
#trump2016
Vote for a rude, cruel, bully, sexist, crazy, no respect for others, hateful, & racist...lol

who do you think you are kidding?? 870 to 1300 NO THANKS!! @realDonaldTrump  will fix your mess!! Trump/ Pence 2016
How will he fix it... I cant find anything on his site about the break down
he has already explained.  Obviously you are not a Trump supporter so you dont listen
https://www.donaldjtrump.com/positions/healthcare-reform …
sounds great cant wait to sign up for Trump care.... NOT
how is the obamacare working for you? 890 a month is not working for me!! Double next year
I dont have obama care... and you pay about the same as me
O bomber care screwed my insurance up royally
You are a nerd

Took my Hippocampus brain like a seahorse then
Use Culture production & gang my ¥ then use your hobbies right?
I'm victim!
I couldn't do without it... in fact, before it came....I didn't!
Thank you President Obama! 

problem is I can not afford $987/mo premium! What do working families do????
does your state not do the medicaid deduction??
I do not qualify for medicaid.
And more than 139 million have been driven to poverty by racist Barack's destruction of our previously high quality health plans w/ MASSIVE increases. Obama is hated so viscerally today for the humiliation he brought to our country. May he burn in hell.
Mulvaney thinks that's handouts.Coingress and the Senate should pay for their own health insurance if we should. We pay more taxes. And we don't get kickbacks from Trumps Russia and big business money.
On the backs of other Americans that now pay 300% + more for their health insurance! ACA will go down as the worst bill in history!
YEP HEALTH COVERAGE THAT WON'T DO THEM ANY GOOD BECAUSE THEY CAN'T AFFORD THE PREMIUMS!
and we the ones who always had it pay for it by having insane increases from 22% to over 100%, not right, not affordable!!
Thank You Mr. President and
Mr. Vice President.  you both!
*cough* “not anymore bub”
I   you Mr. President!! #ImWithHer
@HillaryClinton for PRISON!
You need help #delusional & probably a racist
racist because we cant afford obamacare? That card is old and worn out.  Hillary is white
delusional Trump supporter! LOL 
and you support a corrupt liar who just panders to certain groups, she's the divider!
I wont waste my time on you....get educated
ACA is real label, n get covered forced coverage for those who can afford to not have coverage so be it they pay little fee for not having coverage California 80% work for government so they have it Obama you ever conduct tax return investigation sharing population California
Cool

Not affordable! Deductibles are not affordable at $1600! You cut a deal with the insurance co's!
Hello sir.. I'm from India. I'm the big fan of your.
Poor performance numbers when you account for its mandatory to purchase or get fined.  #WakeUpAmerica
It is bullshit that you get fined. Dont understand what the need is for that is.. not having insurance is punishment enough
it was the only way to get healthy people to join.

That's not "care". Coverage is paperwork with language that rat lawyers like you debate with your other rat buddy lawyers for care. Stop it!
thank you I was for years without a doctor and living in the ER and couldn't pay them. With your help I now have a doctor to get better care
Thanks Obama #Obamacare  #ACA #Resist
NOT! They got a card that's accepted very few places & companies bailing fast. Deductibles & premiums R outrageous, it's #FakeHealthcare
#Obamacare #ACA #TrumpFail #TrumpcareWill #RepealTrump #TheResistance
@KAdnoub Thank You. 
Miss you
More than 20 Million Americans have lost their plan under ACA, only 8 Million Americans in the individual market, lies damn lies
I love Obama and Obamacare!!!!
The ACA. Is the best thing this country has ever had. Love you President Obama.
We love you President Obama.
These lies are laughable!
Unemployed and this  was my quotes.
Sure, available but far from being AFFORDABLE. 564.00 per month with 7,400.00 deductible. How long to reach deductible! Paying &paying.
I havnt!
And 10 Million of those lost have their income for having to pay this frivolous tax increase of yours
cheaper to pay out of pocket, then pay high premiums and high deductibles, so many intelligent people in this country just cant get it right
You Obama should be paying for this mess you made. Your mistakes fall on the US citizen! We are the ones to suffer!
What a joke!
President Obama knap, hello, zegene u, goedemorgen, goede middag, goede nacht, bereid, Heer, Heer Boeddha, Jezus Christus, zegen je ,,
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快乐,再见
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快樂,再見
I am a lawmaker for the new #ObamaCare 2017. Come watch The Greatest Movement. -OO
Ah oh/ they cannot afford it now. Oops
While the other 20 million can no longer afford theirs.
May God bless you.
hi
Yes
Thanks
PRAISE THE LORD! HEALTH CARE!
Obama, we miss you!!!   We need an adult leading the country. !!
I'm one of them ....thank you Mr.President
Thanks to Medicaid which they would have had anyway and the rest of us , millions of us could have kept ours too.
And 350 million of us have seen our premiums and deductibles triple or quadruple! What a disaster!

Willing to Get on Phone and tell every GOP Senate how bad it is to not be able to afford ACA (while alive). 1. AGE
Mr.President, I would very much like that you the former presidents should invite others like the africans to leave the office.
#POTUS I can't even afford my premiums because of your STUPID plan!  WORST PLAN EVER!!!!!
Show some class. Go quietly
This will be your legacy. But you didn't do it for that. You did it because you cared. Thank you.
lol pathetic
Wats meeen
father do me singing
many don't have ins. and some illegals do. Our tax dollars should not go to foreigners  for entitlements when they don't work.
please take action to protect the ACA and everything you built. Protect the progress that was made. Please !
干你娘  医保都被川普搞没喽  hhh
I AM the VETERAN FROM ST LOUIS JOHN COCHRAN MEDICAL CENTER RICHARD HART,THE T Cell with Energy grew WITHIN MY RIGHT LUNG
costs have tripled
ha fcuking hahaha haha
#LIAR
doubtful how about the vets you forgot about
Just more lies from Obama and Pelosi.
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/gwen-stefani-returning-to-voice.html …
where are u now?
Or you'll get punished for not purchasing this good/service. I'm free. You're not forcing me to buy anything!!
my goodness people complain and make excuses about everything ...so if groceries go up who is to blame smh...
thanks Obama I only pay $17 a month... #such a blessing
,  sitting here dying because Obamacare refuses surgery to fix my medical  issues...
YOU DON'T CARE... MAY GOD JUDGE THIS.  Amen!
20 million -  9 million under duress, 5 million on welfare, and 6 million illegal aliens.
And 50 million lost
And they r all going 2 lose it.I'm fightin but depressed about Trump's lies & tyranny of immigrants I am feeling hopeless.
hi
They were FORCED to or pay tax penalties! And oh, you mean that expensive website is actually finally working?! Bahahahaha
It's cheaper to pay for medical care out of pocket. Lier
? No it's not affordable to everyone,
explain how $780 a month is affordable to a $49,000 income?
If only you hadn't implemented that "Mandatory Enrollment" thingy in there ... You had a good idea and then blew it
20million isn't enough.
20 million Americans already had it, 20 million illegal aliens have gained it. The rest of us just paying for THEM
So the poor get free insurance, while hard working Americans can't afford it.  This was ridiculous, Just ask your buddy Billy C
Hi, how are you?
Obamacare killed the 40 hour week. Having 3 part time jobs not affordable you had to lie to your own people 2 push this through
I hope the best to each and all you.
hey Obama..wonder if you're on same health plan you forced down throats of Americans?
tell fam w/36k premiums/24k deductible. Living n house surrounded walls keeps u ignorant of real life
or @ least those you put on Medicaid. Obamcare: what a joke/a joke u tell US how gr8 it is
780 a month...no thanks
Hussein Satan Obama
As a licensed health agent I deal with Obamacare daily, but sadly  doesn't cover everyone. States without Medicaid expansion?
knows marijuana is harmless and knows of the lives saved both old & young but refused to re-classify it as medicinal.
biggest reason the Dems lost, out of touch with the middle class, keep saying it hoping will believe it,not working
All that has been done is screw the Middle Class and increase the wealth of a few corporations. Crony Capitalism! Nothing New!
thanks obama we love you and michelle!
