#hillary all the way trump scares me and you Obama deserve so much credit your my fav president of all times
Well, @BarackObama @OFA that's hilarious. I hope people really study what you say, analyze it, and compare it to what's REALLY GOING ON.
Hi, I think you are doing great!
Ladotta@iCloud.com
I supported you twice & need to know...WHO are you & where is the man I voted for, TWICE?! #HillNO
what's the truth on executive 13603?
Why did not Tagafo with the Iraqi people wounded Tagafo We hope that with the demonstrators in Iraq
The world will always remain safe as long as it accepts God's Sovereignty over all parts of it. Our Father. .....
And Jesus said, "A house divided against itself cannot stand and great will be it's falling."
The world will always remain safe as long as the Churches remain in unity therefore we pray for Christian unity .
I love you Obama
@realDonaldTrump There are 2 sides 2 a story, boycott Zionist-controlled CNN , like this better!: http://bigmedia1.infowars.com/mp4/20160605_Sun_Alex.mp4?saison=1465398745&signature1=c188f68a0b5accbbf4a6995f7220eeb …
it's time to  judge the nation.  You have  been  sending people to war
You must be referring to the OFA, because there is no truth whatsoever in your party, and your silence implicates you.
Pour forth Your blessings O gracious Lord God our Father we pray on all things dedicated to the saving of human life.
Very few people have that much interest in pornography. It needs to be taken off the Internet to clear the band space.
It must be very difficult to make long range ballistic missiles which work right every time.
I would sooner have a car than a gun. I would sooner have a house than a helicopter.
In many instances man is overly industrious in making all the wrong sorts of things. Do we need so many firearms today?
The very best gift that any child can have is in knowing who was mum and dad.
Cheers
Listen to great leader.  Believe great leader.  
#uniteblue #libcrib #obama
you have to stop Donald Trump
The joys of life are fleeting pleasure but the word and Kingdom of God cannot be shaken and stand firm forever.
Is the mind of the average American still Christian?
May Almighty God grant peace,  healing,  harmony and stability to all Christians in all parts of all nations. Our Father.
gxix
don't sell us out to Ole corporate warmongering @HillaryClinton.  We want @BernieSanders not her. WE ARE WITH HIM.
Need I go on ?
#legacyoffailure
#enoughalready
Fact or false?
Country never more racially divided in last
fifty years than during your presidency?
#legacyoffailure
Fact or false Barry?
Middle class income down during your presidency 
#legacyoffaliure
Fact or false Barry? Work force has steadily shrunk during your presidency?
#legacy of failure
There goes the congresitional computer!
Pueto riico quiere estadidad lla
昨天由国家领导人站台，两会报道，央视广告宣传，国资委控股，公安部颁发安全等级证书的e租宝今天被你们说是非法集资，我们投资人反被栽赃嫁祸，说损失自担，你们红口白牙，颠倒是非，反民意，失民心！thanks
ur can't tell the truth
Speedily establish Your justice,  peace and mercy in all parts of all nations O gracious Lord God our Father we pray.
Help us all pay all our just debts on time O gracious Lord God our Father we pray. Our Father. .......
impossible when the govt edits state dept tapes
Let Me Fight For America  IDC ABOUT DYING!
you don't know the truth. You sorry transparent brick wall. You are made up of LIES
thank you My President you are the best role model for all of your American citizens Thank you again!! All haters stop
you don't know what facts are
It Takes BALLS to do what we are doing. , https://igg.me/at/EasyColorExpress …, http://easycolorexpress.com 
,ufo
O.k FACT :Name One # Proven Humanity Thing You Have Done as President of the U.S.A proven, not supposedly Maybe or I guess
what truth? Yours! No thank you! You are living in la la la land. Lol
@BarackObama @OFA
no thanks
truth team
Your Continue Sir You Demand Of USA (America )
absolutely thank you mr Barack Obama!!
hey make bullying a hate crime. That will help with gun control. A whole lot of bullies carry guns
And where do you get your facts Barack  U are spoon fed answers from everyone working for you!!
U would not know the truth if it bit u where the sun don't shine u and lying Hillary
when the king read wath was written in the law, he tore his clothes in despair.. LOL GOOD NGHT...
@BarackObama @OFA
Facts are simply lies. The @OFA don't have the facts. Their on Kool-Aid! Here's the facts:
http://video.foxnews.com/v/4926463507001/new-trump-adviser-on-plans-to-boost-us- …
Did you ever hear the TRUTH from a LIBERAL!  I can't believe this BULLSHIT! 7+ yrs & this country is still in the TOILET!
what a dh.
違法憲法と慰安婦問題とテンノウの戦争責任と歴史の再認識でしょうか？
don't you mean get the propaganda?
From the most secretive president on record. You obviously can't handle the truth. @FoxNews @GOP
ocupe se de su país y deje a vzla en paz Deroga ya, no somos amenaza de nadie solo que somos soberano libre unico carajo
so true
everything I say is the truth.  Don't need a team for that.  Do you think I have small hands?
......Hi....
how are you Mr President
Hi. I marched on Washington for Women's Rights 12 years ago and I'm from New York City. What do you think of Hillary?
welcome to Miami
The Power of Now. You are an amazing speaker. I'm from your university. And I wrote an article about your trip to Cuba.
Help all Christians keep their homes free from bad books, bad language and pornography O gracious Lord God our Father
سيدي الرئيس رجاء أنا أسف جدآ ولاكن محبتي المفرطة جعلتني أقترب منكم وأنسى نفسي أحب جميع العالم وأحب  USA 
ESCAPE.AND THOUGH THEY SHALL CRY UNTO ME,I WILL NOT HEARKEN UNTO THEM.
FATHERS.V11.THEREFORE THUS SAITH THE LORD,BEHOLD,I WILL BRING EVIL (CALAMITY)UPON THEM,WHICH THEY SHALL NOT BE ABLE TO
AFTER OTHER GODS TO SERVE THEM.THE HOUSE OF ISRAEL AND THE HOUSE OF JUDAH HAVE BROKEN MY COVENANT WHICH I MADE WITH THEIR
JERUSALEM.V10.THEY ARE TURNED BACK TO THE INIQUITIES OF THEIR FOREFATHERS,WHICH REFUSED TO HEAR MY WORDS,AND THEY WENT
JEREMIAH 11:9-11.AND THE LORD SAID UNTO ME,A CONSPIRACY IS FOUND AMONG THE MEN OF JUDAH,AND AMONG THE INHABITANTS OF
These Igbo youths were killed by Nigeria army for honoring biafra/Igbo war heroes of(Biafra war)
It's time to investigate #CorruptClintonFoundation and its donors https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IC4iTlVPZc ….
#CrookedHillary is unfit to run
Lies that is all the left offers and hate for free speech and traditional values
I know you have a lot on your place please may I ask that you help stop anti Igbo pogrom in Nigeria...main cause of Biafra war
the truth you wouldn't know the truth if it hit you in the side of your head go Trump
hi
The Socialist bandwagon!  Too dumb to read history. It doesn't work.
plz make sure Donal t don't win plZ
Obama are you not in the know that buhari is committing genocide in Biafra land.
#Obummer Time Left in Office.
"our destiny is not written for is but by us"
#barackobama Thank you so much President
Get the bible get back to your spiritual roots.
ازيك ياض يا اوباما وازاي امك
me the mother and daughter
the day truth comes out your mouth will be the day the world stops turning which will never happen
count me in
you don't know what truth is, everything out of your mouth is a lie!
What an absolute crock ..You wouldn't know the truth if it bit you in the ass #Mr. Transparency.... Not !!
As well as life, when a person dies will leave all people and will stay with his work in the tomb
- Truth team for Democrats? Oxymoron
Mr.Obama look to the number of people who are following you,when you leave the White House will diminish this the number.
Alaf
Obama and Truth??!!! That's an oxymoron!!!!!
Pour forth Your blessings O gracious Lord God our Father we pray upon all schools where they have prayers and assembly
Mister BO, please help Peru to prevent the drugs dealer daughter Keiko Fujimori, become our president, show any DEA proofs
@BarackObama @OFA
@BarackObama @OFA
@BarackObama @OFA
@BarackObama @OFA
@BarackObama @OFA
@BarackObama @OFA
@BarackObama @OFA
what do  you know about truth, 'bama? Very little truth comes out of your mouth! Only lies, deceit & division! Bad Prez!
To funny. Obama of all people claiming to message the truth..lol
Veteran appeals are ignored when inquiries are made about http://www.nvlsp.org/what-we-do/class-actions/nehmer-agent-orange-lawsuit … & about benefits

@realDonaldTrump Did Donald Trump sign up?
hola quiero saludar a Barack Obama feliz viernes
still waiting on you to pay us a visit at North Shore Community College, Sir.
instead of criticizing BLM meet with them#black pain
HBCU ARE IN THE SIGHT OF REPUB IN NORTH CAROLINA#fund HBCU
Also with last. Or, like quoting the Constitution and then making laws contrary to it. You must BE and DO Truth and Facts.
I hear ya
W/last ...Otherwise, it's like quoting the Bible, Pentateuch or Quran, then doing whatever the hell you want YK #TruthFULL
chequear moa todos los Datos
@BarackObama @OFA
Not enough to have truth and facts. You have to be of them and be ONLY moved by them and justice....
Barry Obama hasn't told the truth in eight years! #NeverHillary @BarackObama @OFA
Yes...
