it takes a lot of gall to tell someone else to do their job when you don't do yours. #Trump #DNCleak #HillarysHealth
He does his job. You just don't listen Trumpet #DumpTrump
Listen to what? The globalist MSM? Do you still live under a rock?
And what about diplomacy?
Globalists so far up his ass that when they snap their fingers his lips move?
Globalists? I am talking about this country. And no, we cannot be isolationists
No 1 said a thing about isolationism. But given the choice between isolationism and globalist pluralism, no choice.
So what is the alternative to Globalism then?
Turtle man has to go
I troll him whenever I can
God these 3 months can't get here quick enough… Worst President ever!
You are so wrong
we also can't let a President give Iran 1.7 billion dollars on some secret flight either.
It wasn't a secret. Turn off Faux News and go do your homework.
lol man liberals would eat dog shit if their idol told them too
go back to your fantasy world with your anti american friends like Obama
YES WE CAN!
u r doing a damn good job, don't let them change u. U r a Great Man, & President. We Love very much...
why stop at nominating just M Garland. Go for 11 justices. Scare the bjesus out of M McC. No limit on # justices.
. It's clear who McConnell is backing in this election. He thinks he's above the law as does Trump.
you're a hero
You misspelled  ' Zero'...
Mitch McConnell, do your job or KISS your ASS goodbye!
OK... 'He's Right '! ..
Why? No One stopped you from Disrespecting the American People.U had free reign for 8 yrs. You have No Right to Dictate!
What about you chump? #getoffthegolfcourse
http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/wikileaks-confirms-hillary-sold-weapons-isis-drops-another-bombshell-breaking-news/ …
thank you yes lord for gifted sir mr president obama a person of strength /enjoys being nice to others/mostwhitehousefavorite
it is because hello it's the only thing he's actually done for the American people versus your agenda to screw the people
I'm usually so proud to be from Louisville KY home of Muhammad Ali KY Derby & U of L Cards Mitch is one exception 
Lol, Kap's Velvet Hammer, I know the feeling there is always an exception, spoiling the vibe.
U of L made up for it yesterday! Yay! 

I love that! 
He should have been put away for treason a long time ago.  It should not be legal to under mine the POTUS in time of war.
You have ignored your Constitutional responsibilities for 8 horrible yrs! Americans want security.
I think that u r the Best President that we have ever had, don't let them tell u differently.
actually Obama is being two faced, he blocked  GW supreme pick, but the seat was vacant over a year. Two face obama
why? You ignore yours.  You totally disregard the law,of this land. You use it only for ornamental purposes much like scripture
yes we shouldn't let him ignore his responsibilities. Take him to task. Remind him of the Oath he took before assuming office.
Stay strong Brother. I know that they have tried so hard to make u fail, but u have not failed us, the Republicans have failed.
why you ignore yours
I like this
It would be a disgrace
why not for 8 years we've allowed you to ignore them
He's a disgrace. My second wish after Clinton wins, is to get a senate controlled by Democrats so he is out as @SenateMajLdr
Why not! You certainly have made a mockery of our constitution #WakeUpAmerica It should be the oncoming presidents appointment.
she wasn't feeling well
We can't let Senate leaders https://goo.gl/MlPgN2 
I think he should be prosecuted for not upholding his oath to the Constitution.
Uh, no.
he looks like a fuckhead
STOP ELECTRONIC HARASSMENT! SAVE THE TIs! PROTECT OUR CHILDREN FROM MICROWAVE ATTACKS! OBAMA THE MIND CONTROLLING DICTATOR!
his neck is mad saggy
they should reach their periodic accomplishment goals or else be ousted like a car salesman to someone who is better equipped.
That's hilarious coming from someone who doesn't believe or obey the Constitution. #worsepresidentever @realDonaldTrump
love you Mr. President!
Constitutional responsibilities!!? You have ignored your Constitutional responsibilities since you have been in the People's WH
You have turned your back on America and have brought shame and disgrace! I am so embarrassed.
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account,remitted back to the United States,
Outright  manipulation & inexcusable.  Love to see their faces when, hopefully, the Democrats win out in November!  Then what?
This is the plight of this nation,the hands of politicians are either in others faces or their pockets,put them in their place
thanks
your Excellency sir, we crave for your indulgence to support the quest for freedom of indigenous people of BIAFRA from Nigeria
#askJoe
Shouldn't you be playing golf or something? Relax for the next few months. Your absence will help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
let's set you straight: part of a senator's responsibility is to block bad ideas.
You are right.  They should have impeached you long ago.
do you mean republicans should roll over and do whatever dems want?  Remember character assassination of  Robert Bork?
We the People demand that you enforce this law!!
The fact that grown men and women cannot talk and create solutions is deplorable and unpatriotic.
people on Capitol Hill have gotten so big fat and lazy they've forgotten their priorities some R  undercover bigots
Wake up, McConnell!  It's time your employer terminated you, for failure to do your job!
boring
في عهد كلينتون (طالبان)
في عهد بوش (القاعدة)
في عهد اوباما (داعش)

التأليف والإنتاج والإخراج كله في بلدهم

 #من_اين_اتت_داعش
وتادية الحركات  في بلادنا
Your right Sir can't let our leaders ignore American Constitution responsibilities, https://youtu.be/rzvZyti9Vvk  immagration is one.
Hey senator McConnell and I really liked Barack Obama the forty fourth president of the United States of America
child killer , creative and financiers of terrorist organizations and terror US disingenuous Barack lover.Down with US anti-US
truly it is time for that gentleman to retire 
want to meet u one day
hi
Why not? You ignore yours. 8 years in, I'm not sure you know where senate meets. @rushlimbaugh @nypost @reviewjournal @GOP @WSJ
nice
Go play golf dude.  Its over
I know I would be a better senator than McConnell has been for me for the past 20 something years
They ignored nothing, they advised you on your pick, #JobDone

STAND DOWN SENATOR MCCONNELL AND BE A PART OF PROGRESSIVE FORWARD MOVEMENT!! BE THE SOLUTION NOT THE PROBLEM
it's the Senates constitutional duty to make sure unqualified leftist hacktivists like kagan and Sotomayor aren't on the court
HEY CROOK #lies #crookedobama #CrookedHillary #CrookedMedia #crookedmsm https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=F6grYYWy2q4 … #MustWatch
@SenateMajLdr mr senator, do your job, don't play with American rights for the benefit of your party.  Shame on you.
more like being a child.
I can't believe we are paying this congress to do nothing. It's disgusting. Term limits would fix this.
Why doesn't the Senate charge obama with treason.
@BohHerbert That man is an utter disgrace to this country needs to go!  #election2016 #USCongress
I don't even know why I still follow this arrogant fool's feed.
思
shame on him...

#DoYourJob
McConnell is a Wizard of the KKK ?
No!!
McConnell is a disgrace for not doing the job he was elected to do. If there are no boundaries there is anarchy. Do your job.
I'd vote for him right now!
maybe if big business, lobbyists, and political parties didn't control media, maybe it'd be more important to the world...
you have no right to speak mr obama ! You ignore the constitution all the time!!!
U should look at ur own unprecedented track record! Highest nat debt ever! Negotiating with terrorists & executive orders!
You have-!
You even want to change it.
Lol
What a joke-!!!
Thank You President Obama!!!
If we can impeach a president for not doing his job, we should be able to fire the senate for NOT doing theirs!
What is the fate of the Fed owners, after the liquidation of NATO and  Fed? The fate of Hussein or Gaddafi?
el 15 en panama ajilisa eso
la que te pedi empleo para nairet martinez es porq su familia y ella son muy pobres por eso que le salga su empleo el 15 en
you protecting @HillaryClinton is abuse of power & obstruction. Who pays for Air-force One to stump for HC? Taxpayers.
@realDonaldTrump
@NBYllek #Cant make a dumb Rock understand the meaning of anything !
HE NEED TO RETIRE AND GO HOME. WE MOST REMOVE WITH OUR VOTES THIS OLD FARTS
there was a time where you also supported supreme court justice obstruction
Congress is far too busy blocking each other's legislation for no other reason than political posturing to actually do work.
.Senator McConnell IS the problem .
#shameful
why doesn't the people's business get done it's because the only time they need u is during the election season term limits now
need to get all of those old hacks out of congress
aight
The electorate will speak about the obstructionist Republican Congress in November.
we could say the same to you... Support and Defend the constitution ring a bell....
The Republicans don't even care about the constitution any more. They just care about them self.
We can't ignore the FBI'S constitutional responsibilities! CORUPT!
Mcconnell DO YOUR JOB
It's time to get all those old Farts out of the Senate!
They should be charged with treason!!!
We will in November.  He better enjoy what he has now cause we'll send him packing.
McConnell & colleagues: do your jobs or lose them.Unprecedented obstruction is shameful. You will go DOWN in history. Literally
and we cant let a lieing out of good health person in office.
The Republican Party should just disband as they do nothing but keep up chaos
The people of this great nation needs to stop settling for career politicians only we the voters can change this situation
He's no different than u playing golf when there is a real crisis. So what comes around goes around. Why do u expect us to care
Nnamdi kanu campaign for biafra freedom from Nigeria, will bigging on 23th of September 2016
God bless biafra independent for saving people who are dieyin in Nigeria
it's time that the wrinkled foreskin of a snapping turtle step aside and the senate did its job.
Nnamdi kanu campaign bigging on 23th of September 2016 for biafra freedom, from Nigeria
This guy needs to go. Along with the NRA!
How many times has the Supreme Court ruled against you. No wonder you want to stack the deck. Impetus, feckless, arrogant POTUS
g. Y y.      @ gggby g
McConnell is the face of GOP obstructional gridlock in Congress. A racial based strategy willfully designed to stymie Obama.
he's an ass. Not an adult.
#HillaryClinton Did!!! Quit campaigning for her, it's beneath you.
McConnell needs to do his job or resign.
He's absolutely correct. Justice appointment should be made by next POTUS
the guy is too old and set in his ways, no matter how delusional
So nothing got done. Now THAT'S leadership!
This is the same Senator who smirked his arrogance upon passage of the Bush/Cheney Endless War. Bring him to the Hague them.
he is a real reality Dictator TV show for the loser@the Capitol...
sanction against Israhell murderers. stealing palestinian land with Obama`s help
We want #BERNIESANDERS
DO NOT tweet me. You are an EVIL DEMONCRAP!
He is a pompous ass and should be ashamed of himself. Why aren't the voters in his state doing something! VOTE HIM OUT!
That's been the Turtle's modus operandi since evening of your 2009 inauguration. #goppartyb4country
#shameonGOTP
it is making a sham of it all
NO!!! 127 days to put up with your whining.
@POTUS @AfricanLiberty @TallahForTrump @BLACKGIRLSROCK @BLMNational
a call of duty beckons,
Really?!  But it's okay for the President too? smh
hey Mitch, wish I got paid to not do my job!  #DoYourJob #SCOTUS #POTUS
shame on McConnell & company.  I can't wait to see them voted out
GOOD AFTERNOON Mr PRESIDENT .
I don't like McConnell but any enemy of my enemy must be my friend. So there you have it, bag it Obama
why don't you settle #StandingRock first, then deal with McConnell?
Sorry, Pres. Obama, I agree with him.
@SenateGOP You swore an sacred oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States. You lied before God and country.

As a U.S. citizen I deserve a full Supreme Court.
what a huge bunch of losers.  Worse Congress in history.  Won't let a black man lead them.  Call it for what it is...bogots!!!
why not?  You've ignored the constitution for the last 8 yrs.  no one wants your leftist judge.
Senator McConnell can be proud of stopping your lawless rampage. #DoYourJob. You call it obstruction we call it doing his job.
In this organ measuring contest you waged with the senate you seem to have come up short #DoYourJob
Merrick Garland needs to get back to work; confirmation is not happening.
Merrick Garland go #DoYourJob
well you and harry reid did the very same thing, in fact U taught mcconnel the tricks.
@SenateMajLdr Can you please fulfill your duties? that's something to be proud of. #DoYourJob
Stop calling that sonofabitch @SenateMajLdr a leader. He is not!
