@DNC @TheDemocrats @TomPerez 
We KNOW THIS
RUN WITH IT
Delusional!
not so fast pal. The job juggle is real. Many Americans are balancing two, even three gigs
Yes it always did. All things including an economy have a foundation, it's supports the rest. The top doesn't hang in the air. Middle class!
felicitaciones su exelencia
Yhe unisured rate is at a historical low. Troll harder
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별

Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
Dont know what world u live in. My world household income down Poeverty rate up Cant afford your so-called affordable insurance
It's all good. Just sleep people. You have to sleep. And believe that it's all good.Nothing happens.
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас , мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
@ElleMorrisCinci in live in The United States poverty is up, there are no jobs where on can support them self or family
hi will you be in new york otober 16-21 its my 60th birthday present from my children I would love to meet you for coffee x
Bravo Sierra alert: "Tent Cities Full Of Homeless People Are Booming In Cities All Over #America..."
@zerohedge we need more refugees, bring them all DEM's will let them camp in their yards
liar...as always! 
Those numbers are figures reported today not by the White House but @uscensusbureau  Please explain.
Hmmm...and you believe them? Sad. Income  housing #SanDiego Numbers are false.
If that's your argument then let's not believe anyone. Ignore those who we disagree with. Not reasonable.
Not anymore thanks to Trump and GOP.
President, the Lord, the Lord, the Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health, happiness, goodbye, goodbye, good morning, good night
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
in who's world. Nobody I know.
Seriously, can we just continue having you as President?
it wouldn't be a democracy. Term limits are a good thing, just look at Congress.
that's not true.
How so?
term limits weren't American law till like the 50s bro.
SSI & SS, total <$1,000 a month. Rent is more than half.
Live on that for a few months, see how one might get suicidal.
Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse , la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
America has the power to print money. So you're kind of right.

BULLSHIT BULLSHIT BULLSHIT
Odds Fish, Mr President! You're such a funny one! 
Sink me, you're serious? My oh my, such stupidity shouldn't be tolerated!
you, sir, are a LIAR!
@RyanVitera
if the economy is doing so well and I have no reason to doubt it why are there so many poor and uneducated people.
& yet you still get no credit because you're black.. People are sad!
por x favor les pido que oren mucho por x la Salud y Bienestar de la Familia Mendez Reyes, gracias y que DIOS lo bendiga. ++++
Hello
and the deepest in debt thanks to you, bozo!
Obama continues to lie to the American people, then wants to control speech by people who disagree with him! Disgusting human!
better leave the wacky tobacco alone it has gone to your head !More debt than all presidents combined ! lowest economy ever !
#cantustay4moreyears
Bullshit and Lies! Enough already! Nobody is listening to you anymore.

Really?
Thanks Obama
You're nuts! You know damn well those numbers are WRONG!
you got that right Mr. President!  Keep it up.
more on Gov't assistance, 1st president not to see a 3%GDP in a year, more debt created than all presidents combined. fAIL
We love you, appreciate and thank you for a job well done!! Very proud of you,FLOTUS and family!!
this is a lie and this is your legacy . Give em a phone and some little Debbie's. Free rent . That's you legacy

You have caused the worse poverty in the history of the US. Oh, that's, right, you are not an American!  Why should you care?
thanks OBama!
you are a joke
tell that to my paycheck if taxes go up ill have to sell my house.  Trickle down economics works, you should look it up obama
#CubaVsBloqueo
Mr Obama you should here cuz we know n feel country without good leader. We respect you sir.
Liar!!
llies lies lies like the deporting . you said 81 in fact researchers find it to be 51 percent deported...
that's crap
#truth #ThanksObama
Excellent progress, sir,, with the wall up against progress, the Republican bricks in Congress created......
only because you manipulate the numbers liar
with 20 Trilions debt! RIGHT!!!
the rest of the world looks to us, how does the US look to the rest of the world? Pretty good, thanks President Obama.
http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/wikileaks-confirms-hillary-sold-weapons-isis-drops-another-bombshell-breaking-news/ …
Poverty rate here in Livingston Co NY up 13% Highest suicide rate in NYState! No $ for mental health but $ for drones & robot!
We just need to teach our society the best ways to use what we have. Look back at our Grands and Great-grandparents.
and the national debt increased economy is strong because it is in debt to all countries in the world and not paying back
Thanks Obama! 
@puppymnkey Thanks Obama!!
Middle class? More like entitlement class.
I wish,will be future president my son in sha allah
duh we are recovering from a major recession 8 yrs ago
And still there are people that doesn't approves he's governmet. #ThanksObama
Well done!
except the economic indicator numbers that are put out directly contradict your first two statements.
he must be a complete idiot
Welfare  unemployed  Crime  Violence . Scariest part is the % that believe u #NinjaWisdom

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do.After freezing the account, remitted back to the United States,
Way to go Mr. President.
もう社会的には死んでるのでノーダメで〜〜す！！！はいコミュ障バリア〜〜〜〜〜〜〜〜〜〜ｗｗｗｗｗｗｗｗｗｗ
says you.
another dyslexic hallucination.
Gona miss you
Amen! So many accomplishments for the USA and it's people
what does that have to do with legally settled refugee families? aka the reason I tweeted u in the first place
yeah, that 1% growth really feels great ;(
You are a very eloquent speaker Mr.Obama.Any advice on how I can improve my speaking skills?
yet childcare is still unaffordable.  I cant even afford to have another child  Yay for middle class *sarcasm*
this is just not true. It's a lie, all of it.
what?!
A Great President and #BridgetJonesBaby #BridgetJones #YARN
#LyingObama
When are you gonna stop lying to us?
Problem is you're measuring it against your own numbers, thereby, cooking the books. GDP growth was 1% last qtr. Stop lying!
I wonder who gives updates to the Pres.
You sir are a funny man if you believe what you are telling us.
Proud to call you my President, and congratulations on all you've accomplished!
someone needs to point this out to Pat Toomey please. 
signed , Marc from Wentzylvania  ;)
China built military facilities in St China Sea; Russia annexed Crimea; 700k dead in Syria and 1mil refugees from Mid East
@Catballou THANK YOU! No really thank you for your hard work! It IS appreciated & it was an honor to volunteer for you x2!!!!!!
I make $10k more/yr now than 4 yrs ago, yet my take home is less bc my Healthcare premiums are now 22% vs. 9.5% 4yrs ago:-( boo
your labor participation rate is the worst in usa history

Thanks obama
clearly you're not part of the truth team?
There's your 'Hope and Change' folks!
#VoteTrump2016 #Americans4Trump #winning #Trump2016 #Trumptrain
then didn't replace then with anything. Just in one coal county in WV 4 schools closed for good and 30 teachers laid off.
Thanks to you and @HillaryClinton wanting to close our coal mines our sweet little towns are no longer. You took away the jobs.
Kids have drug addiction in their homes. Old ppl selling their medicine to pay for their high power and water bills. #clueless
no hope. There's nothing left here. Can't afford to open business here and when someone tries they close because of high taxes
Our once American flag waving small towns are now slapped with emty homes, for sale signs, crime scene tape, overdoses, no jobs
Our teachers r also being laid off, crimes gone up, drug use is grossly everywhere. Our families and life long friends r moving
Our children don't have school books. Students told to 'WATCH' toilet paper use because there's no money in the budget for more
are you kidding me? You should come visit WV where there's NO jobs. Every other home is for sale. Our schools are closing. SAD!
and just how much in debt are we now to get there???
are you like delusional? No your not your evil
Job well done sir.
Yes and family income still isn't back to 2007 levels. Weakest recovery ever because of YOUR failed policies.
Trump told Flint MI that "fixing the water will take time." Funny because he says "the Wall will be built so fast. Believe me"
do you really believe that?
you said that
shovel ready wasn't so shovel ready . Damn joke!
that's a damn lie !
Yessssss and gonna keep rising with God in charge of it all. #JESUS
stop arming Israel. they are murdering children and old people. please stop this abomination
where are you? go to Palestine to see what is happening.
I'm a victim of Camp Lejeune water contamination and I am a marine and I'm waiting on my compensation so I can take care of my
Clifford Williams Vietnam veteran I'd like to take care of my wife like you do yours
Griffin Wiggins
how about movies that were affected by the Camp Lejeune water contamination I could probably have renal cell cancer in both
how about
Great job Mr. President!
President Obama certainly leadership is responsible.  Gods then support the good acts.
not true, my salary has not changed in years. I am no longer considered middle class.
thank you
Who are you kidding, this is one of the worst ever. There are no jobs the GDP is 1.2% with 90 million on the dole. You are nuts

You kicked the Seniors to the Curb ,No SS Raise in 3 yrs.the skimpy 20.00 raise was taken away with Higher Secondary premiums .
Your confused . The Only Economic Progress in in YOUR Pocket. Not the Middle class or Poor.
fact check please.
/ lying piece of garbage,BHO lies so much he believes it himself, its just a shame,Americans would vote 4.him,
liar liar pants on fire
you are full of it.
"A brief enjoyment; then, their ultimate abode is Hell; and worst indeed is that place for rest."
”Let not the free disposal (and affluence) of the disbelievers throughout the land deceive you.”
yea sure, by invading other countries..spilling blood of innocent people sepcialy when it com's to an islamic country..
BAHAHAHA!!!!
#fixed #ObamaAdministration 
#georgesorros
as a business to business sales rep...
#URFUCKINGDELUSIONAL
thank you
#LIARS #TEABOY
oh yeah? a foreigner posted this. I'm an American, I know better.
lies, damn lies, statistics.... And politicians

ADD THE 100,000 PLUS #refugees TO THAT !
is that the case for black households or us the unemployment rates for blacks still ridiculous?
Great sir....
I agreed my President GOP is suffering from Amnesia. How fast can they forget
Look! To the moderate opposition, which the United States backed in Syria they are thugs??????
#Isis
