Huh...my family has been feeling the effects of not having affordable health care b cuz of u!
obamacare makes healthcare affordable. Seems like you need to afford a better education.
hey Rob you can't be this ignorant can you? For a lot of people their insurance sky rocketed...
ignorant? I guess money is more important to you than your morals and helping out others. But im the ignorant one lol
also yeah I don't think people who make 50-80k a year should have to pay triple for people that can't get a job
50k-80k is alot of money. I wish i made that much. Be thankful for what you have. Help those less fortunate
50k before taxes for a family of 4 or 5 is not much. But you will see someday when you have kids. Some people 1/2
that isnt much, but then at that point id look for a better paying job with whatever degree i had or resume i had.
The man who would be King, of the world, needs climate change to control the hordes. Your BS is only believed by Leftwing dolts
and 99% of scientists, economists and people who have studied the area.
Stop with the Leftwing 99% BS. That's a falsehood put out by those who want power, money, & grants.
well I'm convinced. In any case, it'd be a shame to create a less polluted, more energy efficient world, wouldn't it?
Less pollution is good, but deceiving & manipulation are a disgusting means for something other than.
Watch for this doc on @NationalGeograp Channel on urgency of climate change action. http://www.tiff.net/films/before-the-flood/ … @LeoDiCaprio ActNow
@undefined National Geographic is a Leftwing facilitator of disinformation.
I don't know that. I judge a film/doc by watching it and making own mind up
Disinformation has no reference to helping make ones mind up.
Yes. With intellect, we can evaluate data presented and make own's decision
I see 3 here who present false narrative, Obama, DiCaprio, NatGeo.
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
Yeas.
ISLAM DOES NOT COME FIRST! AMERICA DOES!  WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO BE THE PRESIDENT OF AMERICA INSTEAD OF THE MIDDLE EAST???
some body do something good. Please
The whole world stands with America in pursuit of environmental improvements.
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
Better world
THIS~ Should be the last thing on your list.  You are not doing a good job.   You're destroying our country~
right. we don't have another living planet.
Update yourself @humanity_ashok. Mars is a alternative. We'll colonize it as early as possible.
- as early as possible' may be as late as impossible'.till that time let's preserve the only life-planet. upgrade.
- I endorse greenery. I remind ya an alternative. Our land is lagging in creativity b'coz of negative presumptions like yours
not negative. practical.  two gained is always better than one' wasted because the other' can be  gained

you Are a bumblefuck.....counting your days
hi mr. president i am from Uganda i am supportive  your efforts to improve the global climate becoz we are also having prolonged dry seasons
even though I'm doing homework right now that is a beautiful scenery
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら9
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse , la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
Solyndra?
@APPropst isn't climate change a natural part of earth's environmental cycle over time?
check http://www.vialle.nl  Yes, we can help  #LPG #Vialle #AlternativeFuel
The only thing you have acted for is corporate control
@AWF_Official How are you
I'm  fine  thanks
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
President, the Lord, the Lord, the Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health, happiness, goodbye, goodbye, good morning, good night
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас , мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
pple in congo plea to Obama don't set aside or puzzle them about a dialogue to end dictator power in congo.
You are wrong about Islamic Terrorism~You are so afraid of hurting their feelings, you're putting our country at RISK!
,
WE'RE MISS A GREAT PRESIDENT AND FAMILY, NO MATTER WHAT PEOPLE SAY, KEEP IN MIND THAT YOU DID A GREAT JOB AS OUR PRESIDENT GB.
.@barackobama << #liar
If we all vote for Trump wii climate change just go away?
, corporations and big industries are the main cause for the current weather problematic and they are untouchable as right now.
then why are we still relying on gas when there are electric cars and trucks available. #Talkischeapuntilactionistaking
S.E.Tex. -La. experienced climate change.Once,underwater, then dry land,plate shift again- Gulf of Mexico, Erosion made Delta
Mr Barak Obama.#Pakistan is a peacefull land And Pakistan  want peace.so You should'nt hve any Action Againts Pakistan.
hi.  Mr. President.  I haven't been to the states in years.  Just want to say all my prayers go out to everyone in the riot
sir please take appropriate action till now of our Indian loc issue on top priority so our Namo is also with you sir ji
@Potus, what are you doing to put a stop at the incessant shootings and killings of black americans by white police officers?
compare the weather patterns then you'll know something is happening #neighsayers, #"deepdeepthinkers"
for those who wish to deny there is something happening with the climate we live in. Explain why it's so bright and warm
I think @realDonaldTrump have different ideas as he doesn't understand this issue like many other issues
Tell me Barry, what would your 3 point plan have been to reverse the last ice age ?
Thank you Obama 
we need to act plant a tree to make a difference
SEND ME THIS LIGHT, I NEED!
Obama I wish you could stay president
Mr president, please let us forget the climate change.Find solution to killing and unrest protest daily and monthly in USA
yea they r experiencing riots too u pos
then stop talking till you leave office!
communities are also feeling the effects of terrorism but you & @HillaryClinton don't care at all about that. @realDonaldTrump
hello sir please pakistan is killer country
some people won't believe climate change no matter what evidence is shown,but hopefully they're not making the decisions !
RACE CLIMATE IS ENTERING THE HOCKEY STICK.
. It's been 6000 yrs messing up the atmosphere it's too late. The status quo didn't act in time!! its all about money!!!
You need to stop with the doom & gloom, intelligent people know this is global Leftwing deceit for power, Obama wants to lead.
Our country has been feeling the effects of the disasterous Obamanation for 7+ years!! Much more damaging than Global warming!
This not climate change. Thanks for ruining the coal industry. President Trump will restore it

I believe we are going to be consumed by the sun and maybe I was just thinking about when
Climate change.  Another way for Dems to tax & control. Greater threat than ISIS but BO & HRC aren't cutting their travel miles
: How do we fight climate change?
Tell us about nibiru, the chemtrailing or the asteroid....
keep after it. Essential.
Wind turbines are a ugly blight on the landscape.  What good it's saving the planet if it's not worth looking at?
;Save The planet ,Then save the fools that destroyed the planet. Being President is hard work.
they just passed regulations on "Cow Farts" here in California! Green house gas? I'm serious! WT#!
Science doesn't run on consensus, it runs on fact.  Bring opposing sides together and find the truth, not a political agenda.
Truly sad that the President is a science denier, prefers Progress propaganda. Even worse he prefers UN over Constitution.
It's the plastic! The plastic heats the ocean which heats the land and the snow and ice. Eliminate plastic and ocean dumping.
oh leader of terrorist st talkng abt climate chnge & humn rghts after killng millions of innocnt. #AmericanWholeSaleTerrorism
Mr President you are so right sir. Thank you for taking up this fight to stop global warming
then dismantle air force one

yeah its a sunset Genius! Please leave.
@marklevinshow it is a shame our species has no respect for our Mother Earth. The good lord put us here to take care of it.
watch.
Many scientists disagree with your statement. I personally think that it's a cash cow..especially for Mr. Gore.
le quiero decir a Barack Obama Pablo Ibar el muchacho que está en el corredor de la muerte es inocente

#Hope

very very pretty
geez, just go take a nap until your term is up
Love this picture!
exactly Obama
In Africa swamp drainage and clearing of forests are rampant.Also in Uganda everything is now plastic,polyethene.
unrest in cities and you focus on Climate change instead? #resign already! USA needs a strong leader and you aren't one.
I thank God daily for climate change. I'm not into igloo living.
I greatly thank you Mr president for your efforts to save mother earth.
Climate Change is a natural occurance. It has nothing to do with us. Worry about real problems like radical islamic terrorists.
OMG SUN IS STUCK UNDER CLOUDS... OMG FOREVER MORNING.... OMG....
Ahhhh, shaddup
uma linda e abençoada tarde pra você
If you really want to leave a real legacy then you must change the climate of  terror in the world by restricting your allies
everyone should google "chemtrails". Are govts manipulating climate change for their self-serving globalisation agenda?
SECRRET REVOLUTION:PARK GEUN HYE GOVT, UNITY AD,AND CONGRESS ALL,REDNESS ANSWERED
HELLO,PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA,YESTERDAY CHINA,MY COUNTRY THE ARMY DISMANTLED,IT SEEMED TO BE A COMMAND__
gotta love how people can see evidence and still think climate change is a hoax
It talks about this in The Word of God. Weather will change.

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account, remitted back to the United States,
Mr President it's this type of lame propaganda that creates more doubt about the real issue of climate change.
NWO
Communities has had enough of the effects of police mass killings of black and Latin America....When is it going to stop sir?
Always remember: Every behavior is realized in nature: God's majesty, his domain.
but leave Muslims terrorist kill our families
Mr. President, ACT on these out of control cops please, Sir!
what's more important than the racial divide you created? Oh yeah climate.  Smh
Yes, I agree!  When climate goes completely haywire, all else is lost. We are losing it on earth now. Cause and effect? Yes?
The climate has been changing since the planet was formed and will continue to do so and no one can stop it. #scam #moneygrab
Let's put this aside for now and work on making America safe again. FBI and DOJ needs new leadership.
Yeah the impacts are very obvious: higher taxes, bigger government, more regulation, fewer jobs. No thanks!
In this time world facing two BIG problems, #climatechange and #terrorism We are all  affects this problem.
community like your hometown Chicago
communities have been devastated by the drug war. #EndTheDrugWar #EndTheLies #EndGovtProfiteering #Liberty #LegalizeIt
Nonsense! What caused the ice to melt 10,000 years ago, Earth does what it is going to do, even without your approval
communities are also experiencing the effect of financial help provided to Pakistan by you so we can't afford not to act.
sir U R SO SMART,CLEVER ,KIND HEART AND MOST POWER FULL PERSON IN THIS WORLD.SO HOW U TOLERATE THE PAIN OF baluchistan.
and usa must take a part to fix it
Agreed! 
what about the fear of terrorist attacks
follow me please
riots in NC just thought I would let you know !
LIAR
Apparently climate change represents more of a hazard to U.S. than terrorism according to Obama.
dad



your crazy





Communities are already experiencing the effects of RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM because of ur FAILED foreign policies open brdrs

lets make a difference
Liar, liar; pants on !#MAGA #GoodRiddance #getoutofoffice
@gehrig38 You just can't make this stuff up.  #january2017
Brazil for Meteorology map begins spring. But with sudden change of weather condition
Really? We are at war with terrorists abroad and at home.  And this is where you are going today?  #januarycantcomesoonenough
climate change narrative dies when you leave the office
map communicate the cities most at risk.
map communicate the cities most at risk.
Yes We Can!
Climate change is a problem that countries along the equator and near seashores pass. Strategy research the Meteorology map
we can understood..but for common people you have to do some thing Sir. .as a Indian it is my humbele request to you sir
#can you afford not to act when the tugs you support wipe out a selected group of people?
what is your policy in middle east? What is your policy in Syria now? Why did you just do mad bobbing on civilians?
Mudanças climaticas...
Are you kidding....
hello
Good man Mr. President...soon you will become a free man again!
And will contribute for a little justice as your recent speech

Communities hav been experiencing the effects of terrorism, ur Marxist ideology, & your racism. We can't afford not 2act. #MAGA
#nodapl
bi bi
you are right.

sir you are a grate person in world but you pakistan se derte ho plese pakistan ko usa mat banao kuch karo sir ok bay.
Easy to talk when you're leaving.
Mr.Obama please team up with Ex.Vice President Al Gore he has worked intensively on climate change and written extensively.
Brain Reading Science is still  illegally attacking your character in our area & tying up the whole area with lies & falsehood
