those jobs don't pay enough to pay back student loans, raise a family or buy a house.People are in poverty working overtime now
that's why you must vote for hillary...increase minimum wage. It's a done deal
Think what jobs could have been created if Gov was out of the way.Hillary wants Gov involved in everything
so take out the whole government? These were private sector jobs. Government hinders everything yes..but
We shouldn't be growing our Gov. Should be letting buisennes grow.
Pretty sure I've had enough consolidation of corp power. Businesses should take a backseat to the wellbeing of humans
you talk about the well-being of humans while supporting Trump who wants to use nuclear weapons #oxymoron
I'm voting for Jill Stein.
@RelocateintoRus @BarackObama looks like she had COPD having that part of her tongue removed. For real
4 who illegal aliens?flooding our country because of your policies stoping the police from doing there jobs. it ruining the USA
Military facilities? Because youre arming terrorists in #Syria? Youre a #terrorist by association.
and still half the country won't give you credit for anything. It's a tragedy.
Because he has done nothing for this nation. He only makes middle east country rich
Unemployment massively down. Debt as a % of GDP down from 10% to 2.5%. No new wars. Osama dead. Want more?
that's all it takes to convince you. He has taken far,far more. Feeds you peanuts to keep people like u happy
Stop lying
not a lie. He doesn't do the stats. Catch a wake up.
You are the greatest President of them all. You and the First Family will truly be missed in 2017.
nice 1 sir....... Buhari see who we call a president
due to Fed stimulus and natural economic cycle.  Weird that with record debt and stimulus the economy is not doing better.
@BarackObama
happy birthday  Mr President
Job we'll done Me President.If it was left up to me you could stay four more years in that house my ancestors built.
- You go Mr. President! Bcos some are in political denial doesn't make the facts false 
I can't imagine anyone who could do a better job than you Mr. President.
Awesome!! Staffs in my independent school however have lost their jobs due to rise of charter schools.
Let's don't forget all those refugee terrorists you are shipping in for the "jobs" you are "creating" for them.
that is the first month in a long time when jobs outpaced population growth you need over 200,000 just to keep up.
will miss you so much man
love u
@realDonaldTrump check this out Donny. #Truth is America was already great.
liar
Keep telling the American people of all the jobs you created when we the poorest of the poor, food stamp defendant. Laughable.
happy birthday
what about the rovers number of American not in the labour force?
The father of all fathers we are expecting you in Nigeria.
That's Awesome!!! When will it come to WV?
nice my POTUS
More lies sir, you are looking pretty desperate to have a positive spin on your last days. But we are LIVING the truth.
Mr.Obama!!  Fight‼︎
great job, mr. Prez.
then why is the GDP at 1.2 and 1.0 percent?
@ImwithHer2016 now we need hill to keep the momentum and increase min wages
way to go Mr President
Great job piloting our economy to sustainable growth. #POTUS
what about the cable/ cell phone situation along with better health care
Mr president, Beja of Tunisia calls you to urge American investors to invest in my hometown. Beja does need your nice help...
my check is gov paid. yet i have been on the same wage scale for 5 years. while watching uneducated fucks match my pay now!
You are a JOKE!
record breaking level of people on food stamps.
thank you for being a great president
#proudtobeamerican#thankstoobama
inspire of your oppressive policies
congratulations wish in the little time left as President, you could also do something for the wretched of the earth.
@terri_georgia (R)s miss the Bush days so much. They R going back to deregulations & tax cuts to destroy the country again
I’ll be in the August figures with my new gig. What a country!
that's a lie and you know it
great news
congratulations

Happy birthday sir.......may you live a long life.
..God bless.
good luck
good job America is a great country good luck long life and wisdom to you
you will be missed. Happy Belated Birthday.
I like u obama
Lies
..... Way to go Mr. President Obama!!
also broke record for largest ransom paid by American taxepayers to terrorists
thank you Mr. President!!!!
@BarackObama
Keep up the great work, Mr. President
Start bragging if you ever do something to close the inequity gap. Tell the truth - it's the top 1% reaping most of the profit.
That's awesome!  I sure could use a job as a medical assistant or phlebotomist here in Monroe, NC. I have the education.
I know you are great. Come on. Keep going.
can we please raise interest rate now？
They ain't see nothin yet. 2017 and beyond will make USA even greater if they elect HRC.
who r you kidding?
Maybe when your done with America you can come over to Australia and be our Prime Minister.  We would all be happy to have you.
Thank you for all that you have done. I am going to miss you so much!
at McDonald's and Wendy's
@DirkZ1 are they high paying jobs?
Be careful. @realDonaldTrump will claim he hired 255,000 people last month & that's why the report was good. LOL ROFL
@ErnestLamonica @BarackObama @NoGOPNo @realDonaldTrump And his followers will believe it!
lots of bartenders. Zero manufacturing. You muppet
@BarackObama
he's a lier and enemy of USA and Americans are now voting 4 killary another liar that hates the USA
still winning. Thank you Mr.President.
There are now more job openings than there are people who stopped looking for work because there are no jobs. 
"...of low paying jobs." Here you forgot some info that skewed your optics.
Part time jobs aren't really jobs you Nimrod
Sí Señor.
With no help from GOP. Way to lead the country Mr.President. Will miss you.
where are those jobs,I can't find them, oh yeah they are overseas!
then why is there a RECORD number of people NOT working or underemployed, off the unemployment ranks? Economy worst since WW2
Im sure the republicans see all the bad in that. America is already great, I wish more ppl could annd would admit that!!
doesn't quite sound that it needs fixing.  Proud and pleased to have lived during your presidency.
37 percent of labor force is not working worse since Jimmy Carter
sebanyak 1000 dolar rekening no.5410 0102 3874 531 . BRI atas nama  Mukhlis .Terimakasih.
@BarackObama
Mukhlis momok sangat berharap secara pribadi mau pijam uang sama pak obama untuk menyambung hidup.
Yes it looks like over the last 3 years of jobs added we R in a larger Decline & likely to have a serious Depression Soon!Woops
Mukhlis momok tidak kenal selama ini dengan Pak  Obama,  Tapi Tuhan mempertemukan kita melalui teknologi
What part of this does the Don Trump NOT UNDERSTAND? U R the greatest PRESIDENT we have ever had in our History!
A really great job done
unemployed around 25%! Well done and the biggest financial crises just ahead.
.  We are all gold star families
great job Mr. President
ur mentally challenged if u believe that.
@BarackObama
clearly you people don't want to tell us about the police massacre on blacks
I don't believe a word you say..  You lied about the money to Iran.. I just saw an interview with one of the hostages..
yes take that
I AM SURE YOU ARE LYING ONLY 11000 BEFORE THAT I GUESS YOUR PEOPLE JUGGLED THE BOOKS FALSE NUMBERS
mr President Barack Obama u r doing n amazing job Saginaw Michigan I'm a fan of President Barack Obama u will b missed n office
I'm proud of you the way you are and one of the strongest and calm president. I'm from India and want to meet you. Plzzzzz
Mr President question. Why do you hate Americans?  I think all families are Gold Starred.
but he gave away 400 MILLION!!! #assbackwards
This is a progress since longtime but the trade balance remains negative...
Thus is a progress since longtime but the trade balance remains negative...
Yet, as I look around SoCal, there is more homeless living on the streets than I've EVER seen in 30yrs!
@realDonaldTrump tell this to Trump. No doubt he will say it hasn't happened.!!
you people act like he's the only one that makes decisions in America, he's just the one who gets blamed when people don't get
What kind of jobs? Low wage part time no benefits jobs? Political spin doesn't help put food on the table or pay the rent
woo hoo more flipping burgers or degree jobs. But manufacturing and energy are down.A lot of people are out of work..But go on.
I truly wish for more years like your presidency. We really need it as a nation
great news, but if u listen to Repub narrative were in a hole the economy is bad. Such lies!  Sad that people believe them!
all crappy jobs that dont pay anything. Thx.  Can't make a living on ur stupidity
Well done!
thanks Obama
@FoxNews   but unemployment remained the same. You love to play with numbers.
CONGRATS !!!
USA rocks
Happy Belated President Obama!!! Love you much!!! Third term exception, I'll vote for it!!
Obama you need to see a shrink !! 255 k min wage part time jobs don't mean anything 20% unemployment #VOTETRUMP #NEVERCLINTON
isn't it great how numbers you control always get better as we get closer to elections
one of them was me!!! Thanks Obama!!
So much for racist trumps bullshit....
Keeping up the progress by our hardest working President.  Thank you sir!!!!
And they all went to illegal aliens.
You're doing a great job
Just where did I put my BARF BAG?
the Clinton body count just got bigger! Another person investigating the Clinton's found dead! Nearly 50 body's in 30 years!
thank you for everything
Yeah, yeah & Hillarity is up double-digits in the polls too right? You're LAUGHABLE Sir. OK well & PATHETIC/DISGRACEFUL/etc....
Need to start talking about #TermLimits for @Congress.  We need to #StopTheMaddness #dcmoney #DoYourJob
where?
#HappyBirthdayMrPresident #loveyou
keep up the good works and let's pass the baton with a smooth hand off..
trump will never mention this true !
Recorded slowest recovery in US history. You made history again, socialist party.  Can't wait till we have a capitalist in WH.
Another GD Plot to Thwart  Trumps Campaign To Become President!!....oh btw,,thanks President Obama and Fellow Democrats!
@kenyanwalstreet and made me money shorting EU during #NFP .. Felt your legacy here in Kenya.
@realDonaldTrump I don't think these numbers represent the "terribleness" you've been vomiting about our President, Mr. Drumpf.
@elegantcoretta. But the unemployment rate remained the same. So what was created just balance off with what was lost.
the economy continues to improve. Demonstrably. Not going to hell like Trump & Repubs claim. You should be relieved!
. What may be great for you may not be the same for others..Some may feel the world is already in hell
well they need to read the Bible. Hell is unimaginably worse. There is plenty to be grateful for living in America. USA!
looking forward to the distraction of Olympics. Can remember we are all Team USA, despite Repub doom/gloom. USA! USA! :-)
THANK YOU MR. PRESIDENT♡♡♡
we need figures like this
@realDonaldTrump false #'s as usual, REAL unemployment rate; 12%, great recovery.
You did well. Hats off to you and your team
As usual, no reference.  Just anther atmospherically extracted number
way to go American businesses
Are you afraid of the U6?
@OFA @WhiteHouse @POTUS @SgyYogarajah YOURS HON, +THE RESULT OF WELL PLANNED ADMINISTRATION. BETTER EXAMPLE : BETTER PROGRESS +
.@BarackObama Use "net" jobs number, incl U-6 numbers http://www.gallup.com/poll/189068/bls-unemployment-seasonally-adjusted.aspx.aspx … & account 4 exits from workforce not counted. @HillaryClinton
@davidwebbshow @BarackObama @HillaryClinton
is that place there for an indian engineer???
, how many of those "new" were minimum wage, service industry positions? We need a #GreenJobsRevolution @DrJillStein #GreenParty
really i guess u also hv a bridge to sell #America
@mydoggigi GOP the worst POTUS in America history.  Hell No.
muthafucka where..
this is great news.  @HillaryClinton should use this 2 show that the country is not as bad as portrayed by @realDonaldTrump
Happy Birthday, Sir. I thank you for all your years of service.
not too bad, Mr O!
Hi Mr President.
Thanks Obama!
at water parks and seasonal construction work...
@BarackObama
I didn't know they opened more Mc Donalds do they pay $100000 a year? less than that is poverty part time doesn't pay the rent
Good news
