@MuzikMyLife27 what garbage gun control legislation are you shoving down Americas throat this time?
lmao I hope you realize that mentally ill people use guns to shoot up places. Fucking use background checks so no one dies.
do you really think more background checks are gonna change anything? We already have background checks. The guy who shot up+
I'm talking about every other shooting besides San berdino and Orlando. You're not getting this concept.
no it's you that doesn't get the concept. How could one man go through so much vetting and still commit mass murder? If the +
law didn't stop him what's it going to do against anyone else? You don't get that there are already too many bad people out +
there with guns. Taking away the rights of everyone else won't stop them
@MuzikMyLife27 yeah action, like voting trump into office so something actually gets done for once.
only your action can introduce your thoughts to other not your speech
we need more moments of silence...from you
Guns are not the only way people KILL  DEFINE ACTION?
Thank you for "sitting in" with them--any chance you could sit in in the flesh? Even for 10 min? This voter's all in with them!
he can't
Sure he ca. He's the leader of the world and of he wants legacy damn the rules. Republicans don't follow them.
legally I believe he is not aloud to step foot on the house floor. I could be wrong though.
So what police person is gonna stop him?
You respect for the law is ironic
why is that? Because I want to make it harder for criminals to get guns. You can keep yours.
that wasn't addressed at you, but if you don't mind law abiding losing their rights too because of lack of due process then yes
hope the temper tantrums and 5 year old behaviour is finished and the big boy pants come on
we need potus impeached
you are just a bunch of silly old people that should go home.
Right you are sir, thanks for taking care
only your action can introduce your thoughts to other not your  speech
we Indian love you. You are great
Donald will sort it
@ChrisStogdill @POTUS are you there?It would be incredible to know that the Reps have your support! #DisarmHate #NoBillNoBreak
many principals were on the Hill today discussing education. Advocacy conference w/@nassp
Great! Was specifically asking @POTUS if he was there?
you go girl?
Donald will sort it
Media frenzy during Pulse shooting,Another in SC,good guy stops bad guy. No info from media,Only report what helps take guns??
http://gawker.com/newspaper-publisher-indicted-and-jailed-after-bizarre-o-1782979876 …
drerlr
@SophieTSimmons it has been silent for 8 years sir..which is why we are in deep shit...she will kill America! Worst pres ever!!
The people are being heard! Finally!!
Let Hawaii get the recognition it deserves for standing up and stepping up to gun legislation.
Uh, Barack, a "moment of silence" is to invoke the POWER OF GOD!  Are you saying you are more powerful than Almighty God?
Disrespectful to walk out on moment of silence 4 #ElectionYearAttention 
Where were they 2 years controlled all of congress?
B4 or after they enjoyed the big taxpayer paid buffet?. Staying until "Hell freezes over" was noon when they went on vacation

么么哒
It's true. Perhaps we should actually combat the enemy: radical #Islam.

http://bit.ly/293vfFX 
आदरणीय आज के युग में शान्ति की सर्बाधिक आवश्यकता है इसमें योगदान से ही विश्व का कल्याण है  ।
: Make it much harder to get any type of gun. How many kids are killed accidently each year, because there are guns in the home?
that's why u get out of office and we let Donald trump in
Inciting violence....not very presidential
why do u need guns? We in Sweden are just fine without them? #OrlandoShooting #schoolshootings
you are out of order. The people decide what is needed. Funny watching you get shut down!!!
We need action to control Islam, and now. That includes Mr. Obama's total removal from office along with Muslims he appointed.
“YES, WE NEED ACTION” http://easycolorexpress.com 
@BarackObama
yet action hasn't been your strong suit Mr. President.
your full of it!
wouldn't hurt if you resigned.
67-year-old of bright mind & solid body, with no familiar attachments hereby applies for employment 2017.
Not a chef nor an avid cleaner of the royal throne. My strengths: mindfulness/kindness/a desire to serve.
https://twitter.com/diyalaalsabira/status/742157327462195200 …
Your silence 8 years..!!
That's it Mr President!!
@Dem4Hillary Love you President Obama...can see what kinda NUTS u be dealing with!
that's right
Right Sir
We need change ! November Vote for Change !
Yeah... sitting around chanting bullshit is MUCH MORE effective than silence. Grow up, and leave government to adults.
Come O Holy Ghost Creator come and bless and sanctify all manner of Christian prayer and hymn books. Our Father. .....
you are exactly right, sir.
you're right we need impotent rage and temper tantrums!
items defeated in the Senate don't get a vote in the House. Sit down, plan a "Hawaiian vacation", & be quiet. #DemocraticSitIn
@AnnWalthour ALWAYS PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN TIMES LIKE THIS IS WHYVOICES GUN REFORM NOW
So, that's done. What bill did they get? They took a break; so there must be a bill. Oh, they hit fundraising goals? I see.
wake up just because you and your family are all set doesn't mean we are
Our Rights don't come from Gov't. Gov't has no authority to restrict them for law abiding citizens. None.
We're not going to let you violate our 2nd, 5th, or 15th Amendment rights.
going to miss you when you're gone you have been a great president thank you sir
all I will say is I never voted for him either time
Vote the republicans out.
Ur right-- perhaps we shld take some of America's most violent cities and make them 'gun free zones'.  That'll work for sure!
P Ryan must think Boston Tea Party also a stunt.
This is our charlie with the father of Orlandokiller.What do U want2 say2 LGBT?Dems bring Islam in2kill
well it was a stale mate. Disarming the citizens isn't protecting them.
@BarackObama
Pour forth Your blessings upon all Church documents which have Your vote of approval O gracious Lord God our Father we pray.
@BarackObama
Isn't there more republicans then democrats
@Torando962 YA that's one reason why Obama couldn't do shit. lol
ora ngerti blassss
take action for justice #FreeAafia
@emanmdd7 WE NEED TO FIX OUR ELECTION FRAUD PRIMARY. YOUR CANDIDATE DID NOT WIN & YOU KNOW IT!  SHE WON'T WIN THE GENERAL!
It's embarrassing The House is for talking in orderly fashion fashion NOT acting like crazy people!
WRONG! In OUR HOUSE Dems acting like 3rd world countries act in their Gov House! Screaming yelling over the Speaker is shameful
some of us are on to you, with your #FalseFlag hoax at Orlando. Just so you can grab our guns. #ComeAndTakeIt
the gun is a tool to execute on what is in the heart. They will find another tool. Stop being a fool.
nonsense
yes...mr.president.best regards...
@BarackObama
war on guns is like the war on drugs- total failure-if they want it badly-they will get it.We can't stop them-we can save u
what a bunch of liberal bullshit
OMG Obama you never told me you liked anime
#ObamaSenpai
@BarackObama
Keeping trying to disarm us. Can't wait for the civil war to start.
GUNS don't kill people,, ILLEGAL  IMMIGRANTS  with guns  kill people !!!
@BarackObama
SILENCE IS GOLD, BUT I LIKE VERY MUCH OF TO SPEAK.
@BarackObama
GUNS don't KILL people .. BAD people with guns , kill people...delete the bad , and u will have saved the GOOD !!
@BarackObama
keep your dirty muslim hands away from our guns!
Right on and caring leadership.
Show citizens you are there for them and them republicats who gave u hell God is not finish with you yet history is calling you
I'm sure the 'no fly' and 'terror watch list' are free of anyone errors.  Try giving due process before taking rights away.
be like you were at press dinner what would be gained in your last days as president again the first to a SIT-IN show citizens
they weren't right on immigration issue so now use the SIT-IN Sir
I saw how u respond to a little girl who wrote u. This SIT-IN with u just showing up for a moment will do the same for citizens
=commie, trying 2 put #Americans on secret no gun list w/out DUE PROCESS! #NoBillNoBreak #2A #Liberty #BillOfRightsMatter #tcot
now you can come to the SIT-IN AT THE HOUSE even for a moment just your presence would do so much good in pushing this forward
Really seems more like a publicity stunt. Or did you for get School house rocks? There has to be a bill for a vote.
#NoBillNoBreak  The NRA owns the GOP so now we can call it the National Republican Association. Let's vote them out!
We need Donald Trump to fight terrorism
It is a problem with how this happens but I wonder if the other side doesn't want another rider on the bill just like obamacare
Amen
@JohnMurray81 Have you been reading Nick Maritz's posts on #NoFlyNoBuy? Seems unconstitutional and in productive.
I have not.  Read it where?
Facebook
not friends.  Will check it out
this isnt the 1960's wake up, obama called Republicans terrorist and hostage takers, but the Democrats are actually doing it.
we need a constitutional president, a real American,defender of citizens rights,sovereignty, honestly ,integrity, transparency
full support to the issue!
Give US back our Constitution that you swore to uphold @POTUS
ben seni cok seviyorum. Hastayim sana. Cok zekisin. Karizmatiksin. Buyuk bir lidersin. Dusuncesini verdiler.
quit trying to take away our 2ND amendment.
bu basarisizlik, nerden geliyor? Yani benle ugtasanlarinkini diyorum.
ben simdi herkeze ayni soruyu sormak istemiyorum. Benle kafa bulup okadar ugrastiniz veya ugrastilar. Halen devam ediyorlar,
what we really is for you to put the medical system back to the way it was and get you out of office sir
Democrats always are poor sports, you didn't see republicans doing this when we lost a vote. This is completely idiotic.
And please !!! Answer too to Nikki Giovanni. We need more poetry http://bit.ly/28TbZeN 
But just a prayer ! Please, even if he died, you must answer to the beautiful letter Edouard Glissant sent you. Please !!!!
yes Sir.
Thank you so much, Sir ! Very best regards from Paris.
Read the responses. They're on point.
I'm proud of you Mister President , bless you
really? You call sitting on the floor until you get what you want action? I call it being a 3 year old.
#nodominationnovote
You sir are a traitor to your country and the constitution of it! Smart people know your agenda.
action would have been voting to have government show probable cause before denying someone their constitutional rights
action to take American citizens rights away and have Radical Islam slaughter Americans
A publicity stunt, waste of time & childish tantrum of old pretentious men/women. The end of their power is at hand.
If Dems were SERIOUS their proposal would include provisions for due process & preservation of constitutional rights.
الف هلا
- You're right! Thank you Mr President
#Follow #Trending #Retweet #NowPlaying @GrapheneForSale
we need action against terrorists not agains law abiding citizens. Shameful.
yes it the power of being good man to protect own one mean own country
right, I also need my student loan forgiven! Now that would be a good action.
What are you going to do about the gun violence in Chicago?
Chicago - Criminals/Dirty street guns - 2016 -  Shot & Killed: 281
Shot & Wounded: 1558
Total Shot: 1839
Total Homicides: 312
They are acting like children. Just like democrats.
Write the Bill. Stamp the Bill. Administer the Right Bill. This is Executive Order time!!!
you're behind all this instead of uniting people you divide people
good action
et is very good.
Going 2 buy a new gun 2day!  Firearm dealers thank you 4 being their best salesman!
we are no longer a civilized nation.I'm no-party affiliation voter &I want to listen to all.Sir I don't agree with this circus.
U..k dig u outa the shit time n time again stood by u in wars u started! islam= enemy! infidels wake up
You're bitch Cameron epic fail! Stand up n take n b counted we will go far right in next election bring our soldiers
back ground checks won't compromise  human rights
You will get that my friend
"Action" was Senate Democrats voting against Cornyn's bill because it made the government actually prove their case
Fuck this man Barack Hussein Obama gave freedom to Isis leader grow some bollox USA fuck government end the Islamic world
we need to end terrorism
@BarackObama
Macain & Bush created ISIS by voting and removing Sadam # Not OBAMA
you have done nothing but promote Islamic terroism. Start doing your job and that starts by being American. Something u fail at
action it is, no matter what it would take to get some action, absolutely thank you mr president Obama!
