Sir...look at what's going on today w. the election! It's time to speak up. This entire thing has been corrupt, top to bottom.
He won't speak anything, because he is supporting a criminal, Hillary! He IS part of the corruption!
See this:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kypl1MYuKDY …     Agree.
How she continues to get away with these things & walk around free amazes me:p
Could someone file a class action suit against her on behalf of the American people or FBO?
Judicial Watch has filed one & FBI is currently investigating her aides under oath!
We need one representing the American voting public.  How do we do that?
I don't have all the answers however I don't trust him! I wish I did have an answer!
Where is a single fact to back up your claims.
This does more damage than good.  Wild accusations don't work.
Another impeachment pending.  She better pick the right vice president to pardon her.  Give back the donations !!
#OpNimr #Freethe3 #savethe3 #AliMohammedAlNimr
@Pontifex @KingSalman @BarackObama @UN @umbaqer2 @FLOTUS @amnesty
SAD, SAD, SAD.... were they responsible for 9/11 as well?
Retract the question since
it has been shown to be untrue.
If there was justice, Garland would be on Supreme Ct & Mitch McConnell would be in criminal ct
And Hideous Hillary would be indicted and behind bars for treasonous acts against our country.
@BarackObama
Not on your life, Deb.  He is many things but he is not muslim.  He is a human being.   Are you, madame ape?
He may not be Muslim however he supports radical Muslims & they r invading our country! He has armed terrorists!
چرا.؟
@BarackObama
Happy Father's Day Mr President.
This is nothing short of pure obstruction, and we better remember when it's time to go to the polls...#UniteBlue #VoteBlue!
Judge not for you may be the next to be judged.
I hope the Republicans pay for granting Judge Garland a hearing.
I hope the Republicans pay for denying Judge Garland a hearing.
consider their party leader...
America is in deep trouble if the candidates Clinton/Trump are the best you've got ! God help the world pity 3-4 terms barred
We, America, are in deep trouble, but it is built into our entire nation's fiber from the beginning.
Maybe Clinton will be ok But the "free world" led by Trump will be catastrophic ! Oval rubber room not Oval Office
No one is pulling for Trump here.  We need the DNC to stand up for the American people, not against us. Bernie, yes.
we aren't getting much of Bernie here in Australia.. But the whole group of candidates looked bereft of class
they don't care about anything but keeping there job! every appearance u&Hill need to tell 2 vote dem ticket!
@migeophoto Family members of gun violence watched as US Senate voted NO! on simple gun laws. Better ppl than I. #DoYourJob !
xin chào
what goes around comes around.  Go listen to your VP's comments from a few years ago. you are a hypocrite!
yeah?! Huh. Politics in politics? Huh? Well I'll be. Didn't see that.
Obama continues to attack his fellow countrymen more than ISIS! Insanity at its finest!
- Garland is a Big Brother jurist who is a threat to progressives
MUST A LEADER
JUST
USE HIS POWER
TO MISLEAD & PROVOCATING
TENTION & UNPEACE
IN THIS WORLD?
WHAT PERSONALITY
& TRUTH HE LIVE???
So says Obama who was expelled from Occidental College for low grades. So says Obama whose law degree was bribed. Stupid Obama.
that's par for the course on both sides what's the surprise
what did you do Bush.  How quickly we forget.
they won.
#WHMOSD?
Mr Prez: My widower-dad just had surgery/can't golf or attend first granddaughters wedding. Can you send him a pic
for Father's Day? It would mean so much to him! Thank you sir. Don't want to publish his info. Know you'll find me. Thanks
@PamelafBrockman He is a little conservative. No lame duck appointments. Let @HillaryClinton appoint a real liberal. #gay&black
He will never be selected for the supreme court
experience doesn't mean much.  Aren't you an example of that?
that's because you want a majority liberal moron Supreme Judges in majority so you can burn the Constitution.we are not stupid
Fair? Coming out of your mouth? U R so unfair to our Freedom of speech, right to bear arms & our constitution."We the people"
@Brasilmagic do yours and address Muslim problem
it's fair to let whoever is new president pick
...Failure, refusal and denial to give Judge Garland fair hearings is categorically a dereliction of duty and responsibility.
Not a chance
funny coming from MR EXECUTIVE order signing!?!?
I'll make it my business to help vote those bums out! #WeKnowTheSenateDoesNothing.
hai sir good morning.you great polition.
We agree! , https://igg.me/at/EasyColorExpress,easycolorexpress.com …
So is his nomination. He's a centrist who wouldn't overturn Citizens United.
Then why didn't you nominate him before those more liberal pieces of shit if you were REALLY trying to work with the Repubs?
okay, it's legal
how about you do your fucking job
@Mactwinau2 that is correct and has been going on since beginning  of our time..
so what? Mind your own business bo.
you have no room to talk, Sir!
why? U didn't. This proves you've earned 0 respect
Felona and Sonya Sodomizer R your selections. Why do we let you select any more?
We can't turn the SCOTUS into a panel for liberal activism. #AmericaFirst
get over it already
why don you do your job
do YOUR job and stop endorsing CRIMINALS like @HillaryClinton.  Fbi will get your queen. Guaranteed. Bye hills.
The problem is he's a liberal.
NO SUPREME COURT APPOINTEES DURING AN ELECTION YEAR PERIOD.
#Amen!
but it was ok for Biden to do the same thing in 1992 "no SCOTUS nominee appt in an election year"?
22 cases are now stagnated, causing havoc in our Democracy.  The Senant needs to do their job and vote.
Presidente usted es unico, lo admiro, Dios le da salud y prosperidad a usted y su linda familia.
They are doing their job...they were put in office to obstruct you. Job done
this is so typical! Can they be atypical for once in lifetime!
according to the US Constitution they are doing their jobs. You appoint and they decide if the person is confirmed.
he's not the Reps choice. Bias
The practice of whittling away at democracy has taken over.
OBAMAさんと生きて行きたい。と思っても、アメリカの話は伝わってきにくい。
これではダメ
ホワイトハウスで働きたい。
Rediculious He has not even got a hearing! 30 years ago someone with such great credentials would b put in office quickly.
#DOYOURJOB FIND OUT WHO KILLED JUDGE Antonin Scalia
94 Million unemployed,10 million on Food stamps,12 million on disability all this in last 7 yrs FYI:I voted twice for Obama
He's just not sucking the right cocks.
you want to talk about fairness... how about talking about the Piketon murders, or is that too white of a tragedy...
#stopoversteppingyourbounds
Ha, the same way you did yours when you were in the senate.
yes everyone knows he's in your pocket !
this says it all!
and he was nominated by Barack Obama! yeah I'm thinking he's not going to get a fair judge
you know what's suckssss, bias judges who don't give fair hearings man
the refusal is a right established in the constitution! They have a right to refuse to  consider a candidate!
You're not a man @BarackObama & sure won't divide my money w/ #nazi/#islamic #terrorist #democrat including yourself
am amazed you were able to achieve any thing
They are apprehensive about appointing Judge Garland because of you. They don't trust YOU. Consider Iran, Amnesty, Perverts,etc
Mr. President Please sign the #passtheMIJA, Please, Thank You for the Job you're doing, Thanks & Love To Family, Travelin Grace
kiss my ass you sell out. That is what your legacy will be... The sell out. Nothing but a corporate sell-out all along.
Son tell me how you killed Scalia.
Good he is a pro citizens united trash pick. It was a sad pathetic choice in the first place.
my question is this why instead hack people private email put some money in poor people account like my overdrawn $ 500
cmon only an asshole would send a meme quote of himself #ass #Obamination

And you're a master politician albeit knee-deep in corruption!
AKA the Biden rule.
No Obama, No http://www.ammoland.com/2016/04/the-gun-control-act-of-1968-judge-merrick-garlands-flawed-reasoning#axzz4AwIKCfn0 …
Go away Obama.
Obama, the fist President to endorse a criminal. http://www.caintv.com/history-is-made-obama-first-pr …
likewise
was he Judy garlands GAY NAMBLA LGBT  LOVER??
Pour forth Your blessings of peace upon all the world's phone lines O gracious Lord God our Father we pray and keep them holy.
maybe Hillary might elect Obama as a supreme judge #ImWithHer #trumptrain
you should know. You are the epitome of it.
Do your job as a POTUS and stop campaigning for #CrookedHillary
.@BarackObama But it WASN'T politics when I brought down D Ginsburg & nearly brought down the v v v EVIL Justice Thomas & You rewarded sis!!
.@BarackObama Now, would You reward ME by prohibiting via Executive Order criticism of me?
failed his job on the economy, enforcing the law and defending American soldiers. Tells other people their business. #Hypocrite
I can't believe I was fool enough to vote for you twice. #NeverHillary #BernieOrBust. I will never vote for Hillary
We the People reject any appointee to #scotus made by you.
You're a known liar & a fool.
#BidenRule
#BlowItOutYerAss
#DoYourJob
terrible nomination #DoYourJob
Pot, meet Kettle. Election Fraud, Voter Suppression... Grow a pair and do your Goddamn job!  #NeverHillary #NotMeUs
So is what you're doing with "her." Sorry but it is.
Endorsing her just bc format demands it is what I call playing politics at least a little.
that's the pot calling he kettle black!! That saying couldn't be more appropriate to describe your entire ADMINISTRATION!
Hillary will be in office in Janurary!! Then the republicans will be sorry then. We love you POTUS!!
so disappointed with how far you sell us out for "compromise" #SeeYouInPhilly #DumpTheDems #BernieOrBust
@karecki1 and sadly politics is human nature n cannot be outlawed. This country has got some ugly yrs ahead of it.
Like lying about Iran deal, supporting terrorists and keeping your criminal cronies out of prison.
#DoYourJob and stop gutting the military. Lack of parts grounds planes. You are a security risk to our country for many reasons
GOP Sen Leaders = adolescent clique. Your response to gentleman who asked you about gun vio. in Chicago, Perfect! Wewillmissyou
we can use him on the court of appeals then.
Not one single person caught screwing Americans in your administration has been prosecuted.  You lost my respect by covering up
Not gonna happen! Congress will not seat another Obama POS that will screw up this country even more! Sit down and shut up. BHO
looks like the past 8 yrs if people want to change govt then look no further than Republican agenda #HillaryClinton #StopTrump
When only left few months
in office,
KEEP GOOD MEMORY
OR
BE UNMORALITY  & CURSE BY
EVERYBODY?

REMEMBER REFUGEES???
BE PEACE
NEVER CREATE TENTION
SO TO SELL MORE WEAPONS

NEED MONEY
BUT
NOT BEGGING JAPAN
UNDER GRADE YOURSELF

UNMORALITY
PROVOCATING
hi
what about  Aaron Persky? what kind of judge shortens a rape sentence? what if it were your daughters? strip him of his seat
- You are correct.
U AND HILLARY CLINTON PROBABLY PULLED STRINGS TO GET THIS BIASED JUDGE.  HE GAVE THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS TO HILLARY!
we remember hope and change-Garland is more of the same- save us please
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ghostprank.shave …
#DoYours
Are we not better off then 2008. The second to worst economic crisis sense Great Depression 
Hell No we Aint" If you believe everything you see or Read' without checking it out'...all Smoke Screens"
it's not smoke screens I'm alive in it
I am Happy for You..Now What about the Millions & Millions of Americas Poor? Stop Playin
I've seen plenty sweetie and don't be foolish that Trump will make you a millionaire 
I've seen plenty too, But a Millionaire? Come On..Gee Whiz. haha
