Hate to break it but there is nothing in the Constitution that states there has to be 9.
They are what they are.
Oh, Obama has shown that wasting money is not an issue.
Hell the government SHOULD be closed down, until they can actually come up with a balanced budget. Right now
isn't that the pot(U.S.) calling the kettle black?
democrats haven't done anything good since JFK
equal rights for everyone is awesome, greater rights for any group is not a good thing
when a business wants to deny service but is forced to give it anyway. That's a problem
They probably don't trust who you'd appoint for the life long position. It's not about them not doing their job.
after promising bipartisanship. Not to mention the dirty little secret = NB purchase...
u think I support Mitch? Diff w conservatives is we dont trust ANY career politicians...
liberals want to spend more money than is possible to ever pay back.
I'd fire them. Kick them out. It's a job. You don't do it, you lose it.
OBAMA IS A SICK LAST PRESIDENT. CONVERTING USA INTO A MUSLIM COUNTRY. THE REPUBLICANS ARE TRYING TO STOP THIS FROM HAPPENING STOLE MONEY BIL
when the PEOPLE voted in the last election they made it clear they want NO MORE important decisions made by Obama.
You realize he wasn't running for anything in the last election, right?
good grief....obviously went over your head
Try emoticons or emoji next time then
hhhhbbbhjhbb
@MaleOutrage #GOP in #Congress,do your jobs,!! Stop playing politics, people Hate ur uselessness,!
Here is one of your followers Mr. Trump.  Enjoy your Hitlerjunge.
Get your facts straight... This is a kid at a Dutch  game from a dutch club called Feyenoord Rotterdam giving the finger...
Pretty sure it was rhetorical, if you know what that means, big word
Aaaww... Do you even know what hitlerjugend was? He didn't even spell it properly, if we have to get down to semantics. Yeah, look both up
@TitusNation answer for the 400 billion to Iran before you lecture people about doing their jobs
400 million not billion.
And Thank God for that
Vdhcgg
Of course they are refusing one of your choices.
sense? Or since?
PRESIDENT OBAMA NEEDS TO BE THROWN OUT OF USA, AND SENT BACK TO AFRICA
HIS FAMILY IS THEIR.. TREASON  OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE. DEAD IN JAIL
forgetsbourit
@ACShaw.  Find one who upholds and values life and you'll get them staffed pretty quickly.
you are a great President !!!!!
@ThompsonShelley If their “job” is to blindly do your bidding,then you are right. But that’s not their job.
their job is to fill the spot. ergo not doing their job. It's called gross negligence..that gets you fired usually
They are using their power as a co equal branch of government as the left has regularly done when in power
not like this they haven't.They need to take the responsibility endowed to them by the American people seriously
I will concede that the leaders of our House/Senate are more petty and corrupt than ever in the past.
something we can agree on.
you've destroyed this once great country. What do you care about the courts?
dumbing down people a students to the point they depend on EBT, welfare, Medicare etc. laugh at me for working
Really? Aren't you supposed to finish the job too instead of campaigning?
He's trying, but the Congressional GOP don't want to co-operate.
Despite lack of cooperation as President at the end of terms, he's no supposed to bragging it. How bout Lynch
He's not bragging, he's trying to push them into action.
pushing action only to get to republicans. And in the heat of elections. What a sleazy strategy
and on twitter??? Drawing public attention?
Why, how dare he do that! Only white people are allowed to use white privilege.
they are actually doing it quite well. How you say those things when you are the leader. It does not make sense to me.
We need a constitutional amendment forcing the Senate to vote on nominees within 90 days.  That's plenty of time for vetting.
not till trump gets in
sırada hangi müslüman ülke var gitmeden onada demokrasi götür
That is why they inherit the Donald... They wicked and evil... Take a real good look @ who they endorse for President?????
And they should block it. There is no more room for Constitution hating, terrorist sympathizing, America hating judges.
You R a very poor leader and when you and the rest of the O clan R out of office the country will be better off.
I wish we could impeach every one of them. They are NOT doing their jobs. VOTE THEM OUT.
#just appoint him when congress is in recess, you don't know by now the senate GOP'ers will never, never do their job!
- just go on your vacation and we should not need a justice until Trump gets the White House
hypocrite!
speaking of doing what our founders intended... Let's talk about how you've undermined their for intentions the last 7.5 years!
Quit HATIN'
not true
sustainable economy is worth competing but remaining sustainable is quite an achievement...dreamed it..achieved it
@Crstlyn that is a good thing obama should not be allowed to pick any justices.
keep up the good fight Mr. President. Hopefully voters remember this in Nov.
just finish your few months and go home we had enough of you. You need to do your job before talking about others
you sure seem to like giving Iran a lot of money and power. Why?
False POTUS
maybe try a more diverse approach. Supreme Court Justices aren't too diverse. Mix up the religions and races.
Happy Birthday Mr President
so true
Whilst you go on about this Mr President the World becomes MORE dangerous! USA needs to get its priorities right. Good luck!
stop trying to fund Iranian terror #DoYourJob
Happy Birthday'''     President,  Wishing you all the best'''            Mingalarpar from Burma.....
hiziu hiziu..yuvenın  love..başkanım...godyer111.vüs...posanut..havaryu..ayemsori.......denomeşının..
Ther are doing their jobs, keeping seat open for Trump selection.
Don't you mean "stacked as you intended"?
possibly because you want to appointment someone that will keep this country from functioning how our founders intended?
very frustrating! They're just behaving like children. I feel your pain!
Just stay strong and keep trying to get your man there.
the demo did the exact same thing.....
@SheWhoVotes Happy birthday Mr,President ,we love you
yeah, because you can't be trusted.
Yeah, #DoYourJob
We need a NEW president!  Racist obama & crooked hillary have to go!  Time for a real LEADER @realDonaldTrump Time to MAGA!
Its ok Hillary got it Mr President..
Congress...do your jobless
let the people speak.
the ball is your hands president show the way
happy birthday sir @BarackObama
They all need to be fired! Can't  we do that, somehow?
You should talk. what's the matter can't figure out how to go around them on this one.
#nojustice for
Least effective Congress in US History- too much time being negative,belligerent very little time working FOR THE PEOPLE 
Good for them!  We need a justice who will deal with Hillary's open corruption since you won't do it yourself.
hi
You can consider the congressional consideration clause fulfilled and appoint anyway.
Urgent !
It's past time to take out the GOP trash ! 
Retweet, if you agree, ok ?
The founders didn't have 9 on the bench, nor did they even have an odd number. The original court had 6 justices total.
you have not done job coming up in 8 years
you been a damn good President republicans block everythin because u black
It's only okay when Dems do it right? #LOSER
you are the best president ever! You and your wonderful family will be greatly missed.
shut up already.
Good job! @SenateMajLdr @SCF @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP 1st priority is to do the will of the people n we don't want an Obama pick
Indeed!  It needs to be an honest one though and not an activist leftist.
why is that sir? Doesn't that sucks for everyone?
“YES, WE NEED ACTION” http://easycolorexpress.com 
yes.
I mean, the founders didn't set up a 9 justice court. That was our own making.
I'm glad you can use our founding fathers and Constitution when it benefits your agenda.
they haven't functioned as our founders intended ever since they stopped enforcing the constitution
Hell no.
the party of no
Lawless @BarackObama wants another activist liberal rubber stamp.
if Republicans were smart they would handle this before thing go very wrong like allowing that idiot to choose if he was to win
....nothing the democrats haven't done in the past.
what can be done to force republicans to do their job re. SCOTUS?
Quit violating the separation of powers! Quit trying to disarm peaceful CITIZENS. #DoYourJob
As Sec/State Albright said, this Congress has bordered on sedition in not doing their duty.8 yrs. of non-action,partisanship
They are obstructionist solely to make your job as difficult as they could. Don't care who gets hurt in the process.
did not Biden support this same issue? Sick of career politicians, sir. With all do respect, give some of us ours
Notice you're not making the case for Garland, you're just lying about the Senate's right to decide against him
don't need a ninth justice look at history clowns
You got a lota damn gall. !
Justice Garland has been waiting patiently, while GOP politics rears its ugly head,?? Again
speaking as a Kentuckian, mitch McConnell is an embarrassment. Can't he be impeached for dereliction of duty?
The pot calling the kettle black.  I wouldn't work for you either! They have a great union, US! Me and my fellow citizens.
The words of a hungry tyrant
The Bush Presidents were CLASS ACTS & didn't stoop to low behavior as POTUS has just done inserting himself into this election
NEVER has a current Pres involved themselves in the upcoming election...3rd rate, unprofessional, arrogant, & juvenile!
a $9.00/hr employee would've gotten fired after the 2nd reminder. Why can't we hold them accountable the same way?
You know, as smart as the Founding Fathers were, I am sure there is a written clause with a solution to a jud/cong standoff!!!!
yeah I hope to keep you a lame duck
they should be penalized some how its just ridiculous now.
:Please, Tell GOP Congress To Place New Supreme Court Justice of US Now
Something Strange Emerges When Looking At A Congresswoman's Daytrading Records
http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-08-02/something-strange-emerges-when-looking-congresswomans-daytrading-records …
@_____Daphne Don't worry about it. By November Hillary will be there.
they hate the president more than they are willing to do their job voters have short memories they don't love this country
you're finished electing Supreme Court justices.  Get over it.
Absolutely shameful. These type of things are what make the American people so annoyed with government.
No one wants your nominations! Socialist swine.
their doing there job and it's what the majority want
quit the American people don't want you to be president you're unfit and helping the enemy lock your self up
is this the same tactic Sen. Barack Obama tried? Hmmm.
Do not cry...
and you've refused to do YOUR job for the last 7 years. Jan 2017 can't come fast enough.
let's make the Soviet great again ....Trumpf
Why are we paying them?
Mr Obama should be governing our country not worrying about who speaks out to denounce Trump! Stick to gov business!
You mean they're not bending to your will. Why should they? You have media on your side, naive Americans love you! NOT ENOUGH?
they are doing their jobs!! Stopping you from screwing up this country anymore than you have already!!!!!!
because your agenda is a joke and creates animosity and an imbalance towards this country's balance of power.
I have to show 7 PTS of ID TO RENEW MY LICENSE & IMMIGRANTS CAN OBTAIN WITH NO PROOF I SAY TRUMP!
You've lost your mind, I will not welcome ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS HERE!
U R putting my family in danger.
the republican are stupid because cut nose to hate on a good man Hillary will win they made TrumpOnites
Ummmmm....they are doing their job!
7 1/2 year in and YOU are Still NOT Qualified to be President...You are a pathetic; America-Hating JOKE -Sad, VERY Sad. . . .
