wHo invented HATE if your right ObaMa STOP SELLING WEAPONS  TO THOSE U TELL THE PUBLIC ARE OUR ENEMY THAT CAUSE OF ALLTHE DEATH
You have your head screwed on wrong!
@BarackObamaThrone above all the poor souls who were tricked into hell but they will never worship him freely while god will be
FOR GOD SO LOVED THE WORLD HE GAVE HIS ONLY SON TO SAVE US FROM OUR SINS!
gop DOESN'T CARE! THEY ARE AFRAID OF LOSING THEIR CASH FROM NRA WHO ONLY CARE ABOUT GUN SALES
they're also afraid of losing the vote of the majority of Americans who enjoy 2nd Amendment rights.
When in the last 7.5 years  has the Obama admin done there job?
WE the US folks say NEVER
@BarackObamaNot we but YOU because your ideas are not ours!
So why did YOU OBAMA let the Orlando killer have his guns?
Wow!You think the president checks everyone! 
where is your brain?Congress doing nothing is why!
Where do you get your stats. OH forgot you just make them up
may I see your data which contradicts the 82% number?
Dont need data Obama never had true data, be it climate change (made up stats) gun deaths (made up)Obama has never told truth
Other people checked the data not the president!Too bad you have your head in the sand! Over 3,000 gun deaths in US!
Obama is CEO and is his fault for all the his staff does
@BarackObamaWe can make it harder by banning AR 15 mass shooting weapons for sale to public! Closing loopholesin background checks
.@BarackObama Can it REALLY be true that 18% of American do NOT support prohibiting terrorists' access to guns?
Congress: Listen to the millions of voices demanding a vote on efforts to reduce gun violence. #DisarmHate 
@BarackObamaWell, I guess if you were a terrorist you would want to have an easy access to a gun! They're lazy !
It's more worrying that 18% think that terrorists should be allowed to purchase firearms. @BarackObama
Now I would want to check them out!
chances of someone becoming a terrorist after owning a gun increases. Make ownership extremely expensive & tough.
@bulldoghill
But you allow 100's of thousands of murders each day of innocent babies
people who often disagrees with universal principles should be labeled as evil.
And your universal principles are?
peace, love, mutual respect, wealth opportunity, basic necessities and many more
The problem with Chicago is bordering Indiana who lets any one buy a gun!
stupidest graphic I've ever seen. OBVIOUSLY! The bigger question is, who is the 18% supporting terrorists buying guns?!
No one wants terrorist to own a gun. Just because you want to use your 2nd amendment rights does not mean you support terrorist owning guns
the gun shop called the fbi! What law will help when you tell gun shop to sell to terrorist.  What % of Americans support that?
THE REASON FOR THE VIOLENCE,IS NOT GUNS.THE REASONS FOR VIOLENCE FOUND IN ISAIAH 59:2-15..WATCH HIM CONTINUE TO SINK HIS SHIP
GUNS held by nutcases,haters & terrorists create violence & KILLS KIDS ETC.It's not God it's the devil!
WHO SAID IT WAS GOD? IF YOU READ THE VERSES,YOU WON'T BE SO IGNORANT IN YOUR RESPONSES.
my nigga don't let them tell u u ain't the one but we know u should've been fired for bein nothin ass the presidentency @Bernie
You sure are a nutcase!
naw Obama give me free edumacation that's why I nut. I be votin 4 him four tha 6th term #Bernie
no make us safer with better national security! I believe in the 2nd amendment
There has never been, or ever will be another President like you. You are one cool man. I will be sad to see you go
don't we need guns to defend ourselfs from terrorists
Listen to the millions of AMERICANS demanding NO refugees, YES to our 2A, YES to help our Veterans, YES to Indict for Benghazi
but I'm not a terrorist
please go work for the UN and leave us alone.
#DisarmHate
This is gr8 that big #'s ppl r speaking out; but, where r they re SCOTUS? The SCourt nom much more urgent ASAP.
@Doctorsuevarma Oh, and how do you know they are terrorists before the fact? Come on, this is a dumb question.
thank you
Shouldnt terrorists be in jail? And you fund terrorists in the middle east and arm them. Hypocrite much?
well no shit who wants terrorist to be able to buy guns? Alls I know is you sold terrorist guns in Syria........
78 percent of the people on the terror watchlist violate the FBI's own rules about who should be on the list.
So the whole due process thing is inconvenient for politicians huh?
Terrorists are already not allowed to have guns, you just have to have proof.
@JavidIgani if a person is a terrorist, how come they have not been charged and tried and in jail?
I'm still left concerned about the 18% ...
BUT we do not support our rights be taken away Give you guys a inch you take a mile Sorry no one should trust you guys
ummmm yeah but you see, there's this powerful document which contains what we the people call the 2nd amendment
OMG Obama will be out in January, then the violence WILL be reduced...that's a given!
r those legal or illegal voices we r suppose to listen to?  or is the terrorists u keep letting in, their voices?
if guns are so bad, then all of you politicians should get rid of your armed body guards
voice is just voice, how about your action?nope.
make guns illegal! Just like drugs, drunk driving, a private server receiving classified email, try'n to bypass congress. Idiot
Sir, how does stricter gun laws affect criminals with intent? A lock only keeps an honest man honest.
Mr president,you should follow the example of China on thi case!good luck!
@BarackObama
you're right. Gun violence has gone up since you took office. But maybe you missed the details.
it isn't guns... it's culture
What about Chicago potus?
it's scary as hell that 18% think it's ok.
that I support. However guns are not the issue. The issue is radical groups with their own agendas. Take off the blindfold
DRUMPF is the ANTI-CHRIST he and BORIS JOHNSON ARE WORKING TOWARD A WORLD WAR.The final war. We are in times the tribulation.

How do we identify them as terrorists, is the question. Their argument is the watch list isn't an adequate "due process."
.

.
There are a lot of things we want prohibited or changed, but your administration likes to pick n choose what suits your agenda!
Why not worry about eliminating the terrorists first!!! Using tragedy to promote your own agenda is low!!!
Boston bombers didn't use guns! Neither did the attacks in Paris! Let's get real n take care of the actual problems!
We want more than this!!! The change you promised didn't serve HARDWORKING Americans who live by the rules!  #uselessagenda
who are the 18 percent who support terrorists buying guns, the terrorists themselves!
Now define what a terrorist is ...
go mr President we have to end this problem!!!
What a moronic graphic. 100% of Americans would deny terrorists guns. We don't support giving up our right to get them.
not to mention they were implying that the guns should be used for an armed militia, which we already have, the military
they should research the context of thr second amendment, which wad written back when the US was 13 teeny lil colinies
and anyone claiming that this is an attack on the second amendment needs to fucking chill
i came here to see a shitstorm from rightwing conservatives, was not disappointed
the gun shop warned the FBI, why are terrorist in this country to begin with? Oh yes, refugees.
How many of those 82 percent want firearms to be the sole prerogative of terrorists?
it is high time ,I hate all that violence  and vulgar rantings ..
make sure the ignored White Supremacist terrorist organizations guns are also targeted.
Only 82% thats more worrying ....so what are the other 18% advocating its ok to sell guns to terrorists ?? Wake up America !!
@FNTHEHALLS no, 100% of us don't want terrorists getting guns. However, your secret list isn't a list of terrorists.
@BarackObama
Also i have never been more proud of a president n my life. With all the crap that has been thrown at u , and u were so cool!!!
Dear Mr.PRESIDENT, Iam an individual that has his own mental issues , but i mind the law and i believe that assault rifles bgon
The Fall of the Obama regime being filled with desperate acts of open hostility towards the American People & Constitution .
Who are the other 18%? It's a pretty high percentage if it represents terrorist sympathizers.
No you got it wrong and lied again as usual. 82% of Americans oppose RADICAL ISLAMIC religion. NOT guns. You don't listen to us
@BarackObama
How can being shot/killed be compared to 'what if one is put on a list incorrectly?' One can be fixed--other permanent 
I think that's low.
#ammo outlawed in 1899 for war deemed Inhumane but can be sold to kill innocent young Americans
Howard can 82% want change if that 82% is still paying dues to the NRA. STOP THE MONEY CHANGE THE VOTE!!!!
you bought the terrorists is with your rapeugees and open borders you traitor! Keep you dirty hands off our guns!!
the18% hold outs should be ashamed of themselves.
why not make murder illegal?  Come on Congress #makeithappen
kick out all terrorist from your country only solution to stop terrorism
I just can't wrap my head around the fact that this is even being debated by the GOP.
Duh! 100% support Muslim terrorists from purchasing firearms. Well 99%, since you brought them in.
. Terrorist don't care about laws all gun control does is punish the law biting citizens it bull shit.
. Well why don't we put controls on pressure cooker's like the ones in the Boston marathon bombing. Why blame guns ?
@ SIR U KNOW 1 MIDL COUNTRY OFFER ME?TOP 1/I M DO NOT AGREE.THATS DAY I M WAS RIGHT WHO IS KING?ALLAH?VOGOBAN?JASAS..PRASIDENT?
We also want to stop the influx of illegal immigrants but that isn't happening!
stop lying. Please.
@sir do u know 1 popular public figure want to coming bangladesh.our goverment do not give him pamison.???????
@ now its make short.this country lots lots of fare,other muslim country.we r do not think that city mk this,we r mk to dngr.
@ that staf give him office http://map.photo  copy.our inside have some muslim,1 prty.give there r saport middle country
@ i stand our gate.think this,if that atf do not make clear him,them i m mk clear how can go,where need bort.all.next i m see
@sir do u know about bangladesh.?10 day ago urs country 1 parson,want to see sundorbon.he qus to 1 forest stf.i m stand our gat
sir our country give for  money to voters.....
@ know anything.i hv give my ans 1 day latter plz.
@ urs countrys gun matter.its comeing other citys?other there r bye shop.2 dfr..thought dfr.controll dfr.action dfr.i m don;t
@ of rare.1 time khulna city worry to wacking only night 8 p/m..now any http://time.how  can posible?i m don.t know abot
@ sir i m do not give exmple to other country.8 yers later khulna city polly kill 7 days 12 bodys.this gov its control.now lots
@ sir down me......down my brain plzzzzzz
How can we overcome the NRA?  This is heartbreaking!
We also support prohibiting terrorist being brought in POTUS!! What you going to do about that!!??
why don't you do your job and protect Americans? Instead of trying to hide behind gun control?
how to know who is a terrorist and who is not!? Terrorists have got no labels on their foreheads.
/ GOOD MORNING / NIGHT SIR. WISHING HAPPY WEEKEND DAY SIR. GOD HANUMAN BLESS U ALL.
, my voice says violence will not be reduced by gun control
only if you listen to millions of who want to to vet those coming across our bord err s
Absolutely!!
//do not open that website....its probably gobblydeegook from gun lobby
wrong! 82% support prohibiting terrorists from living in America! You just keep our borders open & "refugees" flowing in!
@BarackObama
maybe we should elect congress to meet the will of the people. Now ,would that piss off any elected representatives.
Pls tell me if we pass strict control, how we get the guns away from the criminals who don't follow rules. PLS tell me
your a the first terrorist and look where you sitting so give that bulshit ideology speech to someone else more stupid.
they wouldn't have guns if your immigration policy didn't suck
100% of Americans wish there were no terrorism #CaptainObvious
I can't believe there are 18% who don't. Wait...scratch that...yes I can 
to. The other 18%!are probably terrorists!
yes by vetting people. Restrict the finger behind the trigger. Dare not change what our forefathers created. Un-American u act
YOUR STATS & FACTS ARE USUALLY THE EXACT OPPOSITE OF WHAT COMES OUT OF YOUR MOUTH. 3 Tantrums in the last week. Ur on a roll!!!
Restricting Americans from owning certain guns does nothing to protect them from terrorists.
: OK, that seems to be a no brainer. What about OTHER mass killings by Americans.Even MORE needs to be done about gun control.
what are the other 18% thinking??? #morons
wait...how come that isn't 100%?  Who are the other 18%?!?
Disarm Hate!!
gun violence can only b reduced if Nobdy owns a gun, big Busines,but how abot the lifes Takn wit privat guns 
Military use only
well that will be kinda hard when this country has supplied the terrorists with the guns
how about due process before a quasi a gun grab?
who are the 18% who don't? Just republican law makers and the NRA who pay them?
o captain my captain how would anyone identify a terrorist from any other person. Its only sensible to take away guns from all
keep your eye on the ball. Terrorist not guns, da
sorry 'B' but congress does not give a flying fu&k abt us.. Been shown too many times during past 6 yrs! Need dem majority
If we must remain in this place do Thou O God stay here with us and bless us and heal us and protect us. Our Father. ...
:Just pass an ordinance that none below the age of 18 can possess a gun in the USA before saying adieu to White House!
It is a SAD DAY FOR AMERICA. The NRA AND THE GOP OWN THE GOVERNMENT. And even more SAD, they want to blame YOU. Breaks my heart
Another Big Lie from our fantasyland president.
no brainer! No fly, no buy!
try enforcing the gun laws ALREADY on the books... how about going to your home town and walking around without secret service

who are the 18% ??? Were the terrorists included in this poll? #DisarmHate #loveislove
