Happy Birthday President Obama. Thank you for your 2 terms as Commander in Chief.
@OJnaitis
Maney maney happy Retuerns
Of The Day
HEY FIRST LADY  MICHELLE I REALLY LIKE BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA AND EVERYONES
Many many Happy  Returns of the day to both of you
Good times are comming to end too
felicidades
HEY MICHELLE AND I REALLY HAVE A BIG CRUSHES ON BARACK OBAMA LADY...

Happy Birthday!!!County Hoax Toomuch 40yrsAmazingSlanderDefInvNutsGreenBarfExtrardinare Hoaxrs
@BarackObama @OFA
maravilloso
Happy Birthday, Mr. President!!
Happy Birthday  Mr. President  (Barack Obama) Love You
Happy Birthday Mr. President
Happy birthday may the wonderful Lord grant you many more years to come...
happy birthday Mr. P.
 Happy Blessed Birthday!
“WE GOT COLOR” , http://easycolorexpress.com 
Wish you very happy birthday Mr President Barack Obama - King !
Happy Birthday ,Mr.President
HAPPY B-DAY, PREZ!!!
Happy Birthday, Mr. President!
You are the man Obama! Happy bday!
55 yrs u sing for the good time song i like much fr u dear how many yrs we best frnd tks
Happy Birthday, you have been an incredible man! Thank-you for your service!
#HappyBirthdayMrPresident
...Happy belated birthday to an awesome President. God Bless!
Happy Birthday Mr. President!
Happy birthday POTUS
WHY DID YOU SIGN THE DARK  ACT!!!!!!!!
Pray he had a great 55th. #TheBestIsYet2Come
Happy Birthday President Obama
happy birth day 55th
Mr. Birthday Sir! My admiration has no bounds! You're smooth!  ;)
we love Obama
May you be happy, healthy and at ease for 55 more years or more!  Thank you for a lifetime of giving.
“OUT OF THIS WORLD CRAZY”, http://easycolorexpress.com 
Happy birthday to my favorite President!
please just let Trump just have office
My brain being controlled by satellite. I was attacked by satellite laser
we wish you a very happy, free, birthday, you deserve the best life, it's time to danceyour Canadian friends
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MISTER PRESIDENT
Apathy is the true enemy of #peace - please watch & Retweet - http://www.1e1h.com  or https://www.facebook.com/OneEarthOneHumanity/ …
holle
Happy birthday Mr. President!  You are a wonderful president! Enjoy your day.
happy birthday
Happy birthday President Obama
HAPPY BIRTHDAY in advance, we pray God bless you everyday
Congratulations 07/30/2016!!!...
Wow!  What a great age to retire from working for money.  But I doubt money was a primary objective in your career choice
@BarackObama @OFA
You're the man. 4 more years.  Happy Birthday
Happy belated birthday Mr President .
happy birthday sir,GODBLESS
“WE GOT COLOR” , http://easycolorexpress.com 
@BarackObama @OFA
@BarackObama @OFA
Happy Birthday, Mr. President.
Happy Birthday Sir :-)
Happy birthday Mr. President ! You could please ask for French citizenship and run for 2017 French president's election ?
Which birthday, now? The one on your forged birth cert. or the one associated with your stolen social security number?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIR. MAY YOU LIVE TO BLOW A HUNDRED CADDLES.
B-Day Online Tactic: "@BarackObama: Help President Obama celebrate his 55th birthday by signing @OFA's card today: http://ofa.bo/2aDOcz5 "
happy birthday Mr president you are the most powerful man in the world!!
dance fool. Just dance. That is if it doesn't strain your fake ass. #ElectionFraud the center of it. #oBummer lazy #POTUS
Happy 55th and may you have many more !! Jackie
zip code is only accepted in ur country, not app to Indian pin code A very happy bday Wishing u health, wealth happiness.
Happy Birthday, Dear Barack Obama!
55? You don't look a day older dry turd
happy birthday  Mr. President.
.for him ican doit wtlithout asking anyquestions
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. PRESIDENT(Marlyn Monroe voice) You were one of the best Presidents to serve this country!!!
From a fan in Canada, Happy 55th, I'll be joining you in October, stay involved come February 2017.
happy bday to u sir
@BarackObama @OFA
Can't sign your online card as I live in Australia.  You've done a great job for the world. Happy 55th and many more.
feliz cumpleaños señor presidente ,espero y lea mi mensage  ayudeme x fabor.
Very Very special Happy Birthday to our President Obama.
Refugees secretly flooding into these states http://www.wnd.com/2016/07/refugees-secretly-flooding-into-these-states/ …
OBMはいっ！OBMはいっ！BMIじゃないよ？オ！バ！マ！
love you! #
Happy birth day Sire...you are my best Leader.
Happy Birthday Mr.  President
Happy birthday!
,Happy Birthday sir from India.
Wish a happy birthday president
@POTUS Happy Birthday Mr President
Happy Birthday POTUS Obama!!!
Happy Birthday , many many more! Leo's are kings & Queens! I'm a proud and strong Leo also!!! Party time!!!!
happy birthday still didn't like that video
tried to sign card for @POTUS it didn't even let me put my name. only email zip & asked for money. can i unsubscribe pls??
Happy Birthday Mr . President Enjoy your Special Day. ..
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. PRESIDENT.. ps my 55th is on 7.31 
happy birthday Mr.President...God Bless You..
/ GOOD MORNING / NIGHT SIR. HAVE A NICE WEEK END DAY SIR.  GOD HANUMAN BLESS U ALL.
Happy birthay Mr President
sir,very nice smile
Happy Birthday to our wonderful caring Barack!  God Bless you!
only one fall happy birthday
Uh, you REALLY don't want me to do that @OFA :>) @BarackObama #WorstPrezEver #ObamaSucks
Happy Birthday
Happy life Day president Obama. Love you and enjoy your day and family.
Happy Brthday! Feliz Cumpleanos! Bon anniversaire!
happy,cheerful and fruitful http://b.day  to u dear president Barak Obama today and forever.
you ara veryy nice and you are the best of all president in the world thx Mr OBAMA thx everyday hapy bisthday 55th
Happy D-day President  Obama
hepi böğürtlen suyuu, hepi böğürtlen hepi böğürtlen su yuuu:) baraktin Obama'ydin da ne oldu, şarkı bitti gidiyorsunnn:)
I wish you the best, because you are the best.Blessing
wonderfull Mr The President wonderfull good life and I WISH YOU LONG LIFE
haaaaappppppyyyyy birthday for you 55th
Happy birthday Mr President and may you have many, many more.God bless you and your family.
Happy Birthday Mr. President! Enjoy your day as much as you probably can!!!!!
Happy Birthday Mr President! Thank you so much for all you & Michelle have done for our country. Have a great day!
@BarackObama @OFA
happy birthday our darling President. God bless you. Peace
Happy  birthday and God bless you will live long to enjoy the fruits of your Labour.God bless you and your family.
Chairman of happy birthday wish(^)
55歳には見えないくらい素敵っすﾟ+.ﾟ(´▽`人)ﾟ+.ﾟ
Happy birthday
Happy Birthday Mr. President!
Happy Birthday POTUS  FLOTUS
...HAPPY BDAY. Thank you for your service and for working so hard for our country. Many blessings to u and the fam
Happy Birthday (from Zambia) President Obama! May God continue to bless you abundantly - always 
The best gift would be to get rid of Trump.
HB President Obama and many more. August 4 is my birthday too.
Barack Obamaさん

Help President Obama celebrate ◯◯ by signing ◯◯'s card today

Thank you very much

@BarackObama @OFA
@BarackObama
happy birthday sir may you live to see many many more to come
you and your wife make a beautiful couple
you did what you could do. Republicans don't seem to understand
happy birthday you're still young. I'm 57 you had a long time ago
WHEN YOU'RE OUT OF OFFICE !!
Happy birthday Sir.
Happy birthday
Happy birthday !!!
Happy Birthday to the President in my 65 yrs!  You and Michelle will be missed!
I am able not only to sign a card. I am able to defend OBAMA with my own life if necessary
happy birthday!
happy birthday
Happy birthday Mr.President. As a Canadian admirer, you have been the best thing to happen to the USA in my lifetime.
happy birthday
happy birthday mentor!!! Huuurrrrraaaayyyyyy!!!
felicidades
wish you a very Happy Birthday
happy birthday
of course, I promise I will not forget about you and michelle and the girls okay, just keep in touch with me absolutely,
Happy 55th birthday Mr. President! Hope you are blessed with many more!
Happy Birthday Mr. President!!!
esse e um genio, maior Presidente da historia dos EUA ! um exemplo de Governante !!!!!!!!
Joyeux Anniversaire Monsieur Obama
Happy Birthday to you
Happy Birthday Mr President
Happy birthday best wishes to you and your family
Happy Birthday brother and thank you for being a role model even on the most difficult days.  God Bless you.
