the leader of a nation must never approve sin as a law. Marriage is between a man and a woman #BringBackTheBibleToOurSchools
nor shall the country make a law that favors a religion over a person's individual rights. #firstamendment
the truth must never be taken from the government my friend. Jesus is the truth
Constitution is the truth or maybe you missed that part of History class. Keep your religion in your home
sorry mate but you're wrong. The Constitution it's not above the truth. Jesus is the truth
the supreme law of the land (SCOTUS) upholds the constitution for all. Not just Christians.
once again. The Supreme Court must never approve sin as a law
Presidents need to work with Congress, like Reagan and Bill did. NOT be dictators & create more hell with executive decisions
The residents of Flint, Michigan are still unable to drink the water from their faucets.
its all #BushsFault.4the past8yrs#Obama accomplished 0. 2busy fundraising,partying,golfing,vacatoning so bush kept working.
Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse ,la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
संयुक्त राष्ट्र के राष्ट्रपति माननीय श्री बराक ओबामा जी को नमस्कार
سلام
I can NOT agree MORE !
Give up Barrack they aren't going to give Garland a hearing we can only hope Hillary wins then she can find more liberal judges
we r waiting for result of election
Who cares. Get this liberal judge away from the Supreme Court. America doesn't need him.
practice what you preach. Quit lying. It's sickening.
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
Hillary can't be president of the United States !The Oath states to protect,preserve, and defend the Constitution (2ndAmendment
They Are supposed to represent the ppl. & the ppl. In their districts said holdup! U may claim a majorty agree w/u, but NOT!
you are a true hater of American People.

,Cy vc ŕnun thyyr pyyyyyyyyy
I agree
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас , мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
Hillary can't be president of USA ! 20% Of Hillary's campaign from Saudi Arabia with 3.5M empty tents, for 550% more  refugees:
teaching five year old boys they are girls is not working for the good of our country.
you have never worked for the good. You have destroyed our economy. Our health care is in the toilet.
this coming from the king of political self indulging
It's always easier to ask others to work for the good of American people than to do so yourself.
kenya we need a good president like u mr president @baraka obama please pray for us
Hillary can't be president of theUnitedStates ! Is it a misdemeanor for $6Billion missing fromStateDept headed byCivilOfficer ?
Just think how much more you could have accomplished Mr. President if you only had their support.
highly doubtful
you did the same thing in 2008 Barac, freaking liar!

and he can wait for effing ever!!!
any truth to this?
I guess that will be too much to expect from Republicans. It's been a long time since they stopped doing their job!
why don't you try doing good for the people instead of ruining the people's great country you piece of garbage

嗨，奥巴马。
sir u r country 6 month salary overdue ...therefore u what r doing? Becau.my country &state not solve problems .I m civil eng.

you - furer Fourty Reich and killer civilian people (children, woman and older) Syria.
Coming from Mr. Political points himself #ironic
they just need to work period and earn that big salery. Mine is 1335 a month let them learn to live on that
Grand GOV'T; GLOBAL Govern; Master Government
no TTIP and no soup for you...lmao ...to the douche president with no legacy ...lmao
/ Good Morning / Night Sir. Have A Nice Week Comenncing Day Sir. God Bless U All
We will miss you.Hope after much rest you continue to stay involved as your country needs you.Stay safe and well
AMEN!!!
Wouldn't that be refreshing g !!!!
sir stop giving pak all the financial aid we Indians r suffering from their terror activities. U play double game.
a liberal judge is not good for America, neither is a Marxist president. No to Obamaism
practice what you preach, chump
Like u used Gitmo, Perpetual MidEast War & Debt Ceiling as polipoints 4 ur campaigns? Politicians=Liars/Warmongers/Parasites A³
Shame on the senate holding the court position vacant over partisan politics... #DoYourJob
@palak14297351 hallo palak  ji ksi ho aap

https://twitter.com/neilturner_/status/780107009672744960 …
https://youtu.be/0NfDMObWr6A 
#NorthKoera NBombs (it tested recently & failed) made in Pak, 
#PakBluff  @POTUS @HillaryClinton

advice Nigerian senators too Sir
sir aap bhi pakhastan ka virodh kijiye sir bhart desh ka sath aap bhi do
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/sep/23/obama-vetoes-9-11-victims-bill/ …
Shameful. News seems to be from s banana republic not America.
love
not going to happen now is it? They'll be hoping Trump will nominate someone less sensible
let's not forget that according to Drumpfs former campaign manager in Ohio that racism didn't exist until you were elected!
why it is not possible that we all in this world who r literate help poor pepole and needy so that we all live together happily
sir I am a indian boy first I am a human being as a human I appreciate u that u r a nice person.first u r nice person thn gd pr
sad, sad business. they are not serving the american people. they are self serving radical extremists.
lame duck

when did you know about killarys private server?
#liarinchief
#VoteNo  #stopagreeingwithdisingenousobamaplatitudes  #MAGA
/ Good Morning / Night Sir.Have A Nice Sunday With A Nice Prayer. God Bless U All Sir.
Perhaps, but Dems made an unprecedented mockery of the hearing process with Justice Bork. You reap what you sow, Mr. President.
If we elected the Justices to 6 year terms they would be more likely to be compelled to follow the constitution.
This is the unfortunate truth that happens on both sides of the aisle. That's why Supreme Court Justices need to be elected.
our tax $$$ are not at work in congress!!
is noble & pure. Anyone disagreeing with him is playing politics. Professor Pompous @ss just can't stop. @GOP @BreitbartNews
It is disgraceful that he hasn't been confirmed.
a lot of nerve tweeting about methods for political gains. Washington needs a cleaning across the parties.
This same thing happened before with a Obama nomine. they will vote if they get their blackmail voted on first!
Declare Pakistan a Terror state..
Stop siding a terror state Pak.
https://www.google.com.tr/search?client=ms-android-samsung&source=android-browser&ei=vsnmV8fpAsqvUcvxpNgH&q=mara%C5%9F+taksi&oq=mara%C5%9F+taksi&gs_l=mobile-gws-serp.3..35i39k1l3j0l2.5779.6734.0.7484.6.6.0.0.0.0.307.1194.0j1j3j1.5.0....0...1c.1.64.mobile-gws-serp..4.2.563.uml0-v8zgBs#istate=lrl:iv&rlimm=6868668285740320840 …
hates of to u sir
Obama is more corrupt than Nixon.
your too corrupt. Impeach potus Impeach potus Impeach potus Impeach potus Impeach potus
You brought all of this on him and you to but on the other hand you don't know wat is right do you??????
you're  one to talk?
Happy day. The welfare comes from God, for all people.
REPUBLICANS DO SOMETHING RIGHT 4 A CHANGE.U ENDORSED TRUMP & THAT'S A http://DISASTER.VOTE  & DO UR JOBS.@LEAST SHOW US
Lazy, lazy, lazy congress.
#stfu #flipflop #Liar
we've ALREADY seen where you want our country to go...down the toilet...you are turning our country into a third world shithole
IF THEY DID THEIR JOB......YOU WOULD NOT HAVE A JOB!!!!
Alright Alright after 3421 posts on this subject I give!, pffft NOT!

because we dont want that damn antigun jew!
@ Remember when U told Romney that Russia was Not our # 1 Threat well guess who was wrong it wasn't Romney
if you work onbehalf of the American peoples,then why do you care about peoples from middle east than Americans,tell us
@ Oh & you have never tried to do that have you
@kmfzzz  the once great Repub Party has lost its way and must be taught a lesson 4 the party and country
Shut up,thank you&good ridance
so unfortunate for our country!

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account,  remitted back to the United States
First President to hide his birth, medical, educational and travel records.
hypocrite campaigning for #crookedhillary while u should be working for the people.  But why start now
plz help india castijum is big terror of india
@mitchellreports @rolandsmartin @Morning_Joe @Lawrence  Congress needs new rules that make them do their jobs. Enough is enough
hai brother i love you india pls come one selfi brother
you should talk,from Australia I can see u have screwed up the world with Ur  ideology in the mid-east,remember Ur red line.
WILL somebody tell this Obama guy to SHUT UP.
Tough shit
BARACK OBAMA SIR AND NARENDRA MODI SIR ARE THE ONLY 2 FIGHTER HERO WHO ARE FIGHTING  FOR POOR PEOPLE AND HELPING THEM
don't give any single cent to this terrorist country Pakistan... Our army will teach them lesson soon. Narendra Modiji will do
Kashmir is our INDIA'S HEART AND WE WILL NEVER TOLLERANT TERRORISM IN KASHMIR BY PAKISTANI ARMY AND GOVERMENT..AND WHT ABT USA
Pakistan should finished all the terrorist camp which are in POK AND PAKISTAN. STOP HARMING BALOOCH PEOPLE AND KASHMIR IS INDIA
They are not human... They hide your big enemy osama bin laden in Pakistan for Many years. Why are u helping this pakistan????
boycott this Terrorist Country Pakistan
the responsibility for ol of them to make American a better place...
Good point Mr.President
I as a galactic citizen want the president and other leaders to admit the truth we are not alone in the universe we have
galactic families they are already on earth and are in the Galaxy -and the hiding of them from the masses and public is
deplorable - we as humanity have a right to know and we have a right to know what treaties were agreed to with various
governments since the 1940's -and the Russians will engage in et alien disclosure if USA doesn't lead the way
good job
superb
@HillaryClinton #keep support We always with you
Mr. President, you are requested to please have a look on cruel on Kashmiri people & humanity ruined by Indian army.
Dear President why are you giving heavy weapons inc. guided missiles to Pkk and Ypg? As Turks, as ally we can't understand.
it is obvious to me the Republicans are racists and have tried to stop you at every turn.
yes I am here to

 work  away from useless political issue
It definitely sets a bad precedent that Democrats will follow if the party lines were reversed in the future.
Isn't that also what the #POTUS is supposed to do??
#HolocaustAleppo
they are the nations greatest American Bullshiters.
yup boss that is the reality
Hold on Republican Leaders!! What we don't need is another liberal for the Supreme Court!! To keep it balanced wait!
which Senate leaders,?
stop tweeting and go smuggle with Michael ...
Even they should work for the whole world instead for only Americans / gaining  political points
the Reps are hoping their guy gets in so he can pick a Justice with their ideology.  We can only prevent that by voting blue
That is why the American people are going to insist on term limits for Congress - were fed up! #congress #election2016
How about if OBAMA actually writes his own tweets, and not relegate these mind-numbing tweets to his staff?
Vote Democrat.  Flush the obstruction OUT of Congress.
that is so true

if you want change you need to vote trump. Other wise Hillary's Obama.
Yes because that's the most important issue and we should all continue to ignore the number of terrorist attacks under you're
presidency and you're incompetence in handling foreign policy. The USA is weak and a joke as Russia and China do as they please
So you are tweeting a quote by you? Hey at least someone agrees.wiyh you
like u have ever been an example
SUE THE BAS****S!! For breach of their oath of office! C'mon, looking for a lawyer with a set of b***s!  should be a slam dunk!
I can't wrap my head around how this can go on for this long! Screwed up really!
