
Let me assure you, the DNC hack wasn’t even a hack. It was an insider with a memory stick. I know this because I know who did it and why. Special Counsel Mueller is not interested in my evidence. My lawyers wrote to him twice. He never replied. 360 pounds!
…
Oh America; the 2016 American Presidential election reminds me about Africa. No more Country at heart, its self interest.
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
Sir Obama we the people have had enough Hitler Trump wants civil war he just got 1 Sorry United we stand
and attend Chris Kyles funeral next time.
THE GREAT UNITED STATES OF AMERICA; HOW PATHETIC!
another propaganda tool Obama
the truth
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
President, the Lord, the Lord, the Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health, happiness, goodbye, goodbye, good morning, good night
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
, Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse ,la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
WE MISS YOU SO MUCH!! We need your help...seriously.
dam I sure got carried away...this is from Sep 16..my apologies tweeps :(
How pathetic
Absolutely, Mr President!

They don't know the truth



I'm already on the truth squad & tired your lies.

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. freezing the account,remitted back to the United States
First President to go on multiple "global apology tours" and concurrent "insult our friends" tours.
the Syrians and Russians only understand force and strength,  they see the USA as weak because of the ". Line in the sand
you have tried negotiations, you have failed, use your military now,  be a real leader #Aleppo
with great power comes great responsibility, enforce a no fly zone NOW.  Take a stand #Aleppo
your failure to act is itself a daminng indictment on your legacy.  Please act now. Do the right thing#Aleppo
it's time to get tough and intervene,  enforce a no fly zone and use force if necessary.  It's your responsibility#Aleppo
u have a responsibility 2 deal with Syria & Aleppo,  u r failing,  the Russians & Syrians only understand strength#Aleppo
, very true my president.
en n'est avec vous mr le président Barack, bonne journée salut.
One thing we are not misinformed about and that is that you betrayed your people in favour of a killer like Salman, SA.
Truth team? After all the lies from IRS, EPA, DOJ, State Dept, et.al.? 

More like #ProgressivePropaganda peeps!
"Truth Team". lol.
Something have to be done Mr President.
keep going even if the Republicans are mean
right, first thing in the morning. there is no truth in politics and U NO it! U only speak spin
TRUTH TEAM?? HAHAHA! YOU PEOPLE DON'T KNOW WHAT THE TRUTH IS. ALL OF YOU DEMS ARE WEAK LIARS.
yes, let's all stay intact with good quality info, best regards to the first family.
Dear Mr. President...your silence is deafening.
Flood the White House w calls Obama respond to unrest Charlotte 202-456-1414
You have no concept of truth! Say it " I hate Americans, and I hate white people"!
GOBIERNO DE COMUNISTA OBAMA!
Right. This from the most corrupt president in American history. Sorry loser, your place is in prison with Comey & Lynch.
and you're basing this on what facts? Please provide links of your reliable sources.
yes Mr. President
We hope with colaboration from the richness country helping us ,we can grow up or better our economy
لا اله الا الله
But ashamed of lying
Dear president! Candidate Hillary Clinton who is running to take your post is a brilliant choice for US.
SOROS SHOULD BE ARRESTED


LIOBA PONTIAN
Stating facts alone is never enough without follow-on action...which Obama never seems to want to do.
NEVER CROOKED HILLARY. WHY KEEP ON REPEATING THE SAME MISTAKE OVER & OVER. THE DEMOCRATS ARE A PACK OF LIES.
#AnInconvenientTruth for @POTUS @OFA:
Economy #WorseNow vs. when @BarackObama @HillaryClinton & DEMs took majority
translation: believe the lies. delude yourself. spread the lies. become a sychophant. #EndTheDrugWar #ArrestMalia
IN GOD U TRUST? Then Why Can GOD IN I Read TH.IS & U Can't? C>an't i is u. Important Reasons 2 Know... Differences... C'OL
DO YOU REMENBAR? THE WORLD IS FULL OF LIES............
Boa tarde a todos.  
This never gets old.
Join AttackWaaaaaaaaaaaaaatch!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XYKRokgX00 …
#TruthTeam = #AttackWatch @BarackObama @OFA
Bonsoir Mr Obama, j'aimerai un jour vous voir en live parce que vous êtes un bon, merci
オバマちゃんて、正常位素股の時クリに擦り付けるタイプやったっけ？
mr Obama why America always use Pakistan against india , as you know that Pakistan is a terrorist country ?
hmmm
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha,ooohhh, stop it you're killing me
Thank you for that message.
LMAO!!! YOU DON'T KNOW HOW to tell the truth. You are the biggest mistake we ever made  #VOTETRUMP #AMERICAFIRST #TRUMP

So. What's up with this? https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=GCfJkMnnzsY …
"If you like the plan you have, you can keep it. If you like the doctor you have, you can keep your doctor" #LIES  @BarackObama @OFA
Whose fault is that when congress only passed some of the suggestions that he proposed?
Į stay informed. Truth - Obama muslim
The truth is the DEA #kratom ban will kill many. Please stop this from happening! #IAmKratom #KratomSavesLives
Barack We love to see great and good president like you to keep peace and prosperity of this special planet.
Black people across the country are disappointed at Obama because he has been a Deadbeat President.
Oh look, you have your very own CTR trolls, just like HRC...disgusting
quit letting people into OUR country!!! You are putting us in harms way!!!!!!!!!!!
logo looks a bit like Trump University's
ofa
octoberseventh
Thank you President Obama God Bless You today and always. God bless your family.
Trump is going to name 1000 Judges for supreme court. Not taking any chances
NOT   TURKEY   MY  GO  USA  ....    SEE  
YOU  ALIDELL  ANDA   RECOM NOT  REEL  WHY  ANDS .......
WHAT! From your recommendation! Pass this on to Hillary.
https://mobile.twitter.com/home  @BarackObama
anyone else can tell me what is "OFA", I am idiot 
.@BarackObama @OFA speaking of facts, what are the facts on marijuana and why its REALLY a schedule 1 drug offense?
how can it be true if they r incorrect
We never hear from obama when it's black on black crime, why is that?
Truth team? Like... Support the COUP AGAINST POOR, in BraZil?!? Indeed. #ForaTemer
Here's some truth, the time we hear from obama is when a cop is involved in a shooting!!!!
We the People are smarter now than 4 years ago when we made One Big A$$ Mistake Americans. So No to Hillary! No Legacy BS
Cant wait till OFA means Obama Free America...
Yes, Mr. President
Providing work & supporting the #Pak actors is actually indirectly funding the #terrorists attacks on ourselves.
hola obama
