If you only knew how to organize then maybe this country would not be in such bad shape 
 You let it go to HELL .
Muslim
ஹாய் நண்பா
adei 
@BarackObama
Obama unga frd ah bro
Frd madhiri nanba @BarackObama
epdi nanba avara unaku therium
தலய பத்தி நிரய் ட்வீட் போடுவேன் அப்போ ஒரு நாள் உன் ட்வீட் எல்லாம் சூப்பர்னு சொன்னாரு @BarackObama
ohhh ok nanba
We finally have a president with a strong backbone . Hopefully we can get this country back on the right track .
We stand w/ Obama & Freedom! Period!
hey chu chu FDIC I fur r e s dud RR s f from e Dr r t RR s edu TT Trudi civic j CJC k cl vivo go go fire r t titi civic kg kVic
:all you have accomplished is a big division in this country and make us look like fools to the world by your actions.
....happy Krishna born day sir...
You were referring to BlackLivesMatter burning business and other people's belongings and scaring others.....right ?
We are organized and ready. You will be proud.....
Who are you trying to kid . Maybe the mentally retarded since unfortunately they don't know any better .
oh man, am I gonna miss you.
We want that power of organizing here in Zimbabwe.
you let us down. Ur legacy wont be the amazing things U accomplished; It will be ENDORSING #ElectionFraud
@joel110583  traducime joel
that is a crock of shit
Thanks Mr. President
JACK!
are you kidding me stop taxing me so hard! I'm tired of paying your salary to go golf.
Thank you for continuing to share your WISDOM>>>Respect
says the founder of isis.
I am proud of you, I am just trying to take care of my family!
Wow I can't believe your term is coming to an end. You will be missed.
is not a real president.
thanks for being a role model for all African Presidents and inspiring a generation of African Leaders.
yes u were the great community organize! not very good at anything maybe selling America to the highest bidder.
RECEP TAYİP ERDOĞAN TÜRKİYE
Absolutely. A very essential mix in advancing rights and democracy.
GreetingsMr.President Obama. One change that needs attn https://www.facebook.com/syed.chishti1  https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/threat-emanates-from-india-managed-afghan-soil-generals-syed-chishti?trk=hp-feed-article-title-like … https://twitter.com/SyedChishti1 
surprised
who created ISIS ????
hmmmm
May God Bless Barak Obama our 44th United States President and the 1st. Family you'll will truly be missed. love Mr. Americano
we all want to wish you safe travels on your journey from the Presidency
you also have done a tremendous detailed job that requires much effort on behalf of our American people
say congrats to you on taking on America's strenuous tasks that effects our impact on the globe and it's markets
so answer this I'm curious is your really a man truth plz
Black légende
increased debt, federal reach, while fueling a weak 1% growth. Not impressive.
Nothing is stronger than the Love of ALLAH.
#MakeInIndia
sir/ nice meet you
hello  sir..Obama  howareyour..?
i  am  allout.. O -j-praise the lord your
Thank you. Any chance you might come back and save us, whippersnapper? Any rules about returning after a "break," Ross?! 
the most incompetent president in US history
Isis is your greatest accomplishment sir
why would you hire someone who did a bad job not Hilary
socialist
@ISIS the man sold the west!
like your plan to close gitmo? oh wait that "change" never happened huh?
hi
Yes it does.
With your footprint of positive changes in this Country and indeed the world.They will say your name.
the world over is one.  HUMANE..
Thank you for beginning such  a great  president..
congratulations mr president
I wish and hope that the Nigerian religious wing reads your tweet.
so do you think Black lives matter belongs in the white house ? how bout 3000 dead soldiers families  ? Guess they do not count
I've come to the conclusion that Donald Trump is intimidated by your brilliant intelligence.  
Thank you MR. PRESIDENT!
you pay Ransom, make up stories about video's killing American soldiers, promised I  wouldn't lose my doctor, keep blacks poor
well said!
Movement? Organizing? rhetoric. It requires people to get angry, fed up and get off their complacent butts and make a stand
@DonaldJTrumpJr @donlemon 
Trumpie might figure it out
haha what a joke you are more lies that's all you do is lie
The smart people of America hate your rotten got so Obama the sooner you get out of the office the better off America will be
????
A Magnificent Leader!!!
Hillary needs another quarter trillion for infrastructure. Though U fixed it in 2009?
only thing U accomplished is dividing the USA, increasing the debt,while other nations laugh,ur a complete failure 2 AMERICA
yea Bc everything you have done has been a failure!! Your time is almost up!!
so true let God be the Leader and xwe shall accomplish much.
que guapo Obama
Donald Trump will make the changes we were hoping for this past 6 years. You have failed the American people miserably.
você é o cara 
Obama you've done a lot alright. Sending this country straight to hell. You are no president to me. Or for me.
= 100% CORRUPT LYING Crook!
thank you for all that you've done for this country!
Yep! 94,000,000 not working, 46,000,000 on welfare, 20% US homes have no one working at job, 20,000,000,000 in debt spending
thank you Mr. President for your service and your accomplishments.
Thank you for helping working class people.  Trump is off base with saying you created ISIS.   Bush, Rumsfeild, and Cheney.
I am a strong believer in planning & organizing & in my opinion, the only way to achieve our goals & dreams.
...and that's something Trump has no clue of!!
I CONCUR
what exactly have you accomplished ??
Failed healthcare !!!
High unemployment !!
High underemployment !!
very good preson.if it is possible to continue  u r post further periods.it will help earth planet. How is ur simple nature.
Community organizer , what a joke Chicago is a hell hole and he was the organizer there.
Can't wait for you to leave so we can bury your legacy.
Yeah,back door activities to flood our country w/ people not willing to accept our values & worst yet to fight us from within.
Another 4 years of "accomplishments" will just about destroy the USA. Vote Trump.
As an American, I am so proud of you, Mr. President. Always well-read, well-spoken, and respectful of all! Thank you!
your great Presidant of in our universe.
@MzGNegotiates @BarackObama good morning sister you so right
https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/761017890640240640/video/1 …
you didnt anything to Africa has you promised us at the beginning sir 
Bt we will miss you coz we loved you
さしぶり！アメリカはお前にまかせたけん！困ったら連絡してやー！
HELLO,PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA! PYEONGTAEK BASE MOST AT RISK, THAAD ARE YOU READY?
supreme president Barack Hussein Obama turkey on white party dropshadow Let destruction Fettullah Lets head instead Nusayriyah
and requires humanity as well
your insistence on common good is cherish-able.goodwork
We sure will miss you sir!! I wish Presidents had longer terms. Thank you for all you've done for this country. #POTUS
not true
早くトランプさんに変わってほしい一刻も早く！
oh yes, thanks
Keep d gud work
ياخال وبعدين معاك ما انجزت شيء يذكر
@BarackObama
that's what Saul ALinsky said!
MY ROLE MODEL
Sir, do i get any reward( in the sense gift of money or award)  for my e-mails which I sent in 2008 about Srilanka and Osamabin
sir one big event for your all friends follower in the world,  in us  sir we want party from your side, :)
you are the worst barry
.@BarackObama and now you are going to ram the TPP down our throats. way to go out on a high note -_- #Progress
@BarackObama
yea. Nice to have an idea. Useless without process.
YOU LOST THE USA PEOPLE.
你是个很好的人，却不是一个很好的美国总统
wake up you are in boz Barack Obama ' s fantasy land.  Click your golf shoes and u can stay there.
-He means "Community" organizing! First step leading into Communism. Said in a decieving way! We TOGETHER will stop this Fuck!
@realDonaldTrump No. You have made racism flourish. You have made it ok to rob liquor stores,fight with cops,even kill cops
People saying Malia is smoking a joint. Looks like a cigarette to me, definitely worse. Talk to her.
VIVA Obama Viva Hillary & the Democrat Party after the death of Lincton so Trump's paln makes Hillary a Target for his gun Men
To vote to those that where voting GOP.
Not by your organizing.Having groups like Black Panthers standing in front of polling places with batons telling people no need
accomplished the ability to destroy our American freedom's by making unconditional laws . No disrespect Mr. President
脑残？
You will be sadly missed. You've done so much for the U.S. I can't even begin to thank you! You & family have served us well.
yes, you've accomplished more than most re #CollegeDebt but still abysmal failure http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/education/290781-student-loan-issue-teed-up-for-trump … cc: @alanslj
so true you have sparked new life for our generation. We are a better nation because of you. Signed a grateful citizen.
Ferguson, Baltimore, south side of Chicago, cops shot with impunity, 15 million ADDED to 35 mil on Food Stamps, mideast on fire
you should be ashamed at what you have done to this country
/ GOOD MORNING / NIGHT SIR. GOD BLESS U ALL SIR.
Yes sir, thank you for being a GREAT President!!
I'm going to miss you, Big Guy.
What does your Kenyon brother think of you?
Your stupid rhetoric like this tweet is actually boring.
@realDonaldTrump  the only thing u orgnzd was the total decimation of the economy,military&infrastructure of America
@BarackObama
such a joke..
me to
Yeah, just peachy.
Hello Mr. President ... You do a good job .. Donald Trump is a clown ... Radical ... Do not listen Republicans are insane ..lol
well you would know since you have no other skill
And ignoring the Constitution, going around Congress and having the executive write law. Pen and phone indeed!
What "movement."
