Peace and Justice? What about corruption? What about the gov't selling us out 2 foreign countries? What about gov't deceit?
@thepoliticalcat   Yes, and can we please help the people in Aleppo.  Thank you.
STOP FREAKING FIGHTING MAN IF YOU STOP FIGHTING WE ALL LIVE IN PEACE I'M FROM EGYPT AND I WANT YOU TO STOP
sad
lol! Imagine the world if you and the rest of the puppets were honest and had integrity. #NeverHillary #BernieOrBust 
How can we ever believe in any one if they are ALL SELL OUTS?  Is the whole world on take? #BernieOrBust
I am in agreement with you. Obama is nothing more than a puppet of the true owners of America. No justice!
Yep https://youtu.be/OygG10gaHTg 
@RockyjSquirrel2 @BarackObama
Portrayed himself to be. Sold the US a bill of goods. I don't believe a word he says.
I suppose you butt hurt Bernie bros wanted him to run over the Constitution like Trump. How sad you think that way on #IndependenceDay
Assallam wallaikum
I love you
this man was a real warrior you are not like Elie Weisel
I wish you give Manoj Sonee his dates and his dating with his ladies.
please send manoj sonee to professional white collar job & Harvard university for Masters ( MBA ) 
can you follow me
the peace in syria Aleppo
congress stopped obama form doing a single thing, now how can a president do anything when congress shoots everything down
but if you remember right , even back then congress would vote & the vote passes, Speaker of the house(Banner)
President
  We are asking you to end of Life sentence in prison for #Khaled_alDossari in US prison and bring him back to #Saudi
@BarackObama
Hello mr president this is a man of peace "Big Joe" just a quick thanks from phoenix
"Just imagine the peace and justice that would be possible in our world if Obama would fuck off" -We The People
I agree with you Mr.President!! :)
...Mr president there are hundreds of people in kashmir india that have been killed and injured. The media is quiet about why?
May “Our Force Be With You!”,  http://diycolours.com 
Isis will make U.S. #1 if Trump is elected. We can't let it be
@BarackObama
Take Back Your FREEDOM! With http://exactcolors.com 
Remember Mr. President, you are at fault. When the people have no leader, anarchy fosters. Your legacy will be that of a coward
When are you going to start then??? Practice what you preach for once phony..Shut up and go golf, get out of our sight !!
eLIE the weasel wisel? Professional holocaust inflator?
“WE GOT COLOR” , http://easycolorexpress.com 
just think how much better this world will be when u leave office
The world will be better if there are no USA,RUS..you are both supporting terrorism..
You look like a true democrat. #wizart #app
Sing Along with, http://easycolorexpress.com 
why not help the socially vulnerable and FAILURE GROUPS of all time? Good for AMERICAN society if THEIS GRUPS GET HELP
why isn't there a law that will stop having the same people in office for decade
its time to take of the true American people's that put into the system that pays your salary. stop selling us out
how many shootings in Chicago over the 4th?  What is happening to America and why can't u man up &take charge? #AllLivesMatter
why do u keep playing the race card??  Slavery ended how long ago?  Statistics speak for themselves. So sad u can't be a leader
you better stay safe we will come for you
love you guy
It is so sad to see Black Americans executed openly in the streets of great America. Is this the Democracy US preaches?
I Love you and I want your mobile phone number
seria un mundo mucho mas feliz te admiro!!
Please open armories for air conditioning and media coverage for elderly isolated in the coming election thru out the nation
Happy independence day
IMAGINE if the president would read more...http://www.infowars.com/black-harvard-economist-finds-no-racial-bias-in-officer-involved-shootings/ …
おばまかっこいい！
imagine America if we didn't elect puppets as yourself.
To bad he did't like you .  And yes I know this first hand
“WE GOT COLOR” , http://easycolorexpress.com 
中国领土，寸土不让！
I'm chinese I love  my country
think how it would be if you stopped the corruption in your weak nation. You seem happy to let Young people die. WATP
你放屁，给老子从南海滚出去
thanks
Barack Obama talks about peace and Justice. So lovely.
i need to know where is exactly Radm Scott F Giberson
imagine if you did NOT release criminals early, enforce immigration laws, NOT sent weapons to Mexico or ISIS!! #obamamoron
cam on ngai !vn co rat nhieu khong minh bach
ALSO KNOWN ASES: CEESCHUCROYN, SCHUCROYN, DA BATTERYMAN (BATMAN), DA REIGNMAN, FIRST EARTHLING, C, CEES, C-MAN, SIR C
(FROM HA I USE MY FIRST NAME CHARLES FOR ENTERTAINMENT.) (YOU TOO CAN USE YOUR NAME FOR ENTERTAINMENT.)
BoBo, just imagine the peace and justice that would be possible if you did your job. Seriously.
thank you!
/ GOOD MORNING / NIGHT SIR.GO BLESS U ALL.
Like in Baton Rouge, you mean? Get to the back of the 'queue'.
AND WHY IMAGINE? WE SHOULD BE WORKING TOWARDS THIS GOAL.
THEN DO IT. STOP DIVIDING AMERICA BASED ON SKIN COLOR. YOU REPRESENT US ALL.
Olanned parenthood kills people
WHAT ABOUT THE LIVES YOU KILL THROUGH ABORTION?
,That's true,we need a peace and justice specially in our country DRC,we need your strongly support.
你不要跟China爭南海主權好嗎！！
Amen
@Simas44 Speak for yourself
Really going to miss u Mr
 President Barack Obama
不可信
it would peaceful if you weren't full of hate and evil.
imagine the peace we could have without media and politicians pulling us apart - every person with common sense
goat tettered
/ GOOD MORNING / NIGHT SIR. HAVE A WEEK COMMENCING DAY SIR. GOD BLESS U ALL.
Imagine the world we'd have if people would just respect each other and ones boundaries. #SadSadWorld
if all your PEOPLE claim is true, cops wake in morning to kill blacks, why don't you stop resisting and "PUT YOUR HANDS UP"
Just imagine this country if you hadn't been/and weren't now PRESIDENT@!!
sahtekar köpek
imagine if we have peace in America
But instead you cozy up to Corruption Personified.
all due respect Mr. president. DOJ needs to bring federal charges against the public lynchings of our ppl
not Elie Like Jesus Muhammad 4 get it!!! Stop looking on The Historical Jesus look @ The Supernatural Person
Do you see white people rioting and tearing towns up...NO.  You are a part of black lives matter zyou only like muslims and bl
is a psychologically damaged misfit. Came fm ARABS who captured and enslaved Africans, abandoned by parents, raised by white GP
why don't you start with the Man in the Mirror? You incite racial violence and hatred. What is your End Game?
Why don't we start with you Mr Worst President in history
. I wonder how many people really want him in Dallas. His rhetoric fanned the flames of this nightmare

Oh just shut up you are only making things worse
think of the world without Parties and any kind of dogmatism I guarantee we will not have ISISim or Third World War
WHERE IS THE PEACE AND JUSTICE, IF SAUDI SUPPORTING TERRORISM OFFICIALLY AND GROWING CHILDREN ON THAT?
Message to President Obama The Egyptian people always work miracles but ye are creating terror and discord in the Arab world
it is only possible when whole of the world become only one
Just imagine how much better off as a country we would be if you would have lost the election.
sorry sir but America are not smart enough to be able to pick the Owen president, you were the first one and last
, I love you Mr. President
....
up chief good behavior to take in international summit NATO smiling cool and lovely that my USA s face around the world thanks
@realluciearnaz I live in Springfield, OR. I had to sit & wait by the phone for 5 hours when Kip Kinkel did his school shooting
Mr president you can only stop killings in Iraq and Syria, killings are continuing without end, pls start for stop ME war
sorry sir disturb, but Bush and Tony blair mad and foolish decision more than millions of inncents died and injured even today
@BarackObama
Doesn't every LIfe matter???
-bo #apush doesn't mention the #holocaust #ElieWiesel
You always make no sense.   And like Hillary you are an obstuctionistm liar, muslim and a dividder
im sure with your power and determination you'll circumvent our Constitution n get it done el dictator!
if you are allowed to live Stop abortion the #1 killer of African Americans
How bout starting with yourself..
d world will be a better place.
Just imagine if we had a black president during all this chaos, someone to unite us. Some hope and change.

What about following Dr. M L King?  He must not have died in vain.
Oh November,  please hurry up!!!
A black president was an opportunity to unite people, yet #USA is more divided than ever! Why is that @BarackObama??? @FoxNews @CNNPolitics
Aydamaya
Oh No
“YUMMY TO YOUR TUMMY” says CEO of,  http://easycolorexpress.com 
like it..
stop support the terrorist
stop support Muslim brother hood
Just imagine the peace and justice that would be possible in our world without America
stay classy.
how about china
What would Obama think of way you have refused to fund Public Housing in Victoria?
啦啦啦啦
or admit that black people need to take responsibility for 51% of the racism in this country..and change as well.its not whites
It's very nice
and if we DIDN'T have a Divider in Chief. Blood on your hands @POTUS
We will have peace and JUSTICE once you and Hillary are jailed. YOU started all of this unrest you with racist rants.
our family really digs you Mr President Obama,you know your legacy will be in our history books my man!Take care of yourself .
He should not execute someone without a trial!
