you're such a freaking loser
couldn't care bout followers I have a life  LOSER!! TRUMP PENCE 2016. HA HA HA HA
Never she'll choke on her way to JAIL
<-> You're completely full of it. I'll wait for the revision. Either way, it isn't seeming to help the underprivileged.
Due to the adjustment in entitlement payments.
<-> Did you catch the leak that showed the DNC got donations from TARP bailout funds? LOL. @patriot_first @BarackObama
thanks for all you've done and have had to put up with.
so many stupid suck ups.  It will take decades to fix all that he has done
Amazing! Since what I physically see around me is #businesses closing left and right. #Walmart seems to be doing ok though
Is there anything you can do before the end of your administration!
AS OUR PRESIDENT ATLEAST FOR ONE MORE TERM BUT I GUESS YOU HAVE TO BE AS RICH AS BLOOMBERG LOL I HOPE YOU RUN AGAIN I WILL VOTE
The Barack Obama is best in this world
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
, Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
This is good news albeit a bit dated 
, Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse ,, la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
But will you admit that 65,700 of those jobs were temporary positions in the pumpkin spice industry?
Like so many of ur government statistics, employment is likely a farce. U tend 2 use new techniques/definitions 2 skew them.
Thank you Obama Administration!!
pretty soon no young people left to give a job to!!!
how many where lost? Where were these jobs added? What states?
@realDonaldTrump  Is this fake news?
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
We still see many people dying in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Egypt, Libya,etc, under your watch. administration!
it's pathetic job growth.
WE WILL END ELECTRONIC TORTURE! WE WILL PROTECT OUR THOUGHTS AND THE THOUGHTS OF THE WORLD! WE ARE UNITED! WE ARE THE PEOPLE!
You're the best President this country has ever had.  You don't get enough credit..  Thank you Sir.

YOU ARE A GREAT PERSON NOT ONLY ONE OF THE GREATEST PRESIDENTS ONE THAT I THINK WAS GENUINE AND COOL I WISH YOU COULD OF STOOD
nice
That many families lives become cheerful
asap i hope so♡☆♧♤
You are a class act. Others could (but likely won't) learn much from you. Keep speaking truth 2 all our youth. They r our hope
why don't you tell everyone how many jobs were lost in September and the poor quality of the ones created..wink wink.
@jesseleesoffer You've truly helped our economy grow. You're one of the best POTUS we've had.

were at McDonald's
way to go Sir good job Mr President!
Thanks Obama
Shit jobs. Mostly temp service jobs and part time, most low wage. Obama started with solindra and still believes in fantasyland
You have pulled this nation out of a ditch w/o any credit. You=integrity. My Dad says integrity is doing right no matter what.
You mean the longest streak of mostly low paying part time jobs don't you ? #ThanksForNothingObama
compared to the amount of people out of work. This is not a lot of jobs Obama!!
#great job Prez@ester 4609@gmail.com
we need a solution for the ruling of insurance companies over pharmacies which gives them more power than the board of pharmacy
Trump 2016!
miss u already
Unemployment still rose to 5%. Not enough jobs were created to support economic growth. #boldspinonbadnews
I want whatever you are smoking because there are more jobs being lost, get some real people to tell you the truth, smdh!!!!!!!
LIES!!! You have a Lousy Skimpy Legacy! Leave already!
lmfao 92 million unemployed
the Donald just called... he said he'll have 156001 by November 9th.  #hesajackass #ibelievethecocainetheory
Mr President my heart swells with pride, being alive to have seen you serve 2 terms as President of the United States! Congrats
good job ! Yes we can
@ndubs20 carry on, bud.
Yeh but you don't talk about all the undocumented people on welfare or otherwise that are not be-in tracked They are UNEMPLOYED
what was it a bunch of part time jobs. Nobody can believe you. You have lied to us so much.
Thanks for nothing!
get your facts stratght google has you as the worse prez since ww11 you must be pretty bad to be worse then bush
Good job sir!
lets say you do another 4 years. I called it ....
Where's mine?
THIS COUNTRY WILL BECOME A FREE NATION BY OBAMA'S SEVERED HEAD ELECTRONIC HARASSMENT WILL BE ABOLISHED WE WILL LIBERATE THE TIs
كيف الحال يا اوباما

the fact you are bragging about this number shows how stupid you really are
Thank u Mr President
well done
:Good you created more than hundred thousand http://jobs.Help  Kashmiri people hundreds of thousands people are killed.

we feel deep sorrow against for destruction by mathew ....we are with u and we will help u in any manner we can....
heads of country must ensure job or self employment to each citizen thru encouraging policies @narendramodi_in @Swamy39 @dna
you rock and your family makes me proud. Unlike the current election
but more people are leaving jobs since baby boomers are retiring
#thanksobama You the real mvp. 4 more years?
I HAD CANCER AN I WOULD REALLY LOVE TO TALK TO U AN ASKS A FEW QUESTIONS PLEASE
fell short of goal again
that's good, but we need way more than that.
Keep up the hard work!
must be frustrating to be where you are and still struggle to make   A Difference. Trump sums up America & you know it!
But mostly part time low wage jobs. Cannot survive on and pay bills rent and others things
Please, Please, Please...just stay in office!
for who illegal immigrants??? I sure haven't seen them!
Working folk better be sure to VOTE for all Democrats for that to continue. Remember when you were losing over 800,000 a month
I just don't believe you Mr. President
Pathetic job growth rate and quality of jobs. Labor participation still low. You crow about nothing.
I need a job Sir an from nigeria
You definitely have the longest streak of growth for sure. I mean just look at the debt. It has never grown by this amount ever
love him
I love the First Family
I wish you could be the next president also.
3 PT jobs for ONE person doesn't count!! We SEE you Mr. President!
if you aren't working today , it's because you are lazy and don't want to work ! I can find a new job 7 days a week ! Right now
eso está muy bien señor presidente pero aquí en Texas al sur del estado no nos llegaron ninguno de esos trabajos ....
Thanks Obama.
GREAT!!! Now we have another 156,000 burger flippers!  #worstpotusever
thank you for showing strength with Grace.
actions speak louder than words!!!!!
The corporatization & inequality continues. Faux-Progress for the sake of seeming progressive isnt progress.
the good thing about Trump supporters is you find out "Who" you want to be friends with !!
AND calls woman Pigs !!!!
What's wrong with you all !!!!!
I can't comprehend ANYONE that would vote for a person that ridicule's handicapped people !!
let's face it Politics in General ARE political.
Just listen to the hate that Trump spouts.
repuklicans & CONservotards will spin this negatively...
CONGRATULATIONS PRES OBAMA BUT ON THE OTHER HAND BIAFRANS ARE KILLED LEFT JOBLESS BY BUHARI YOU ASSISTED INTO OFFICE ILLEGALLY
with the lowest job participation rate in many years. The entitlement society!
kind of small considering 94M are out of the work force

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account,remitted back to the United States,
but you didn't do anything to helpit
lies.
http://Gofundme.com/29c6rgbw 
Great President!
how about people are on food stamps and other government handouts past 8 years? I'll bet it's gone up also.
going to miss you and your lovely family Mr. President. not dealing w/the fact you're leaving very well. Afraid for our future
@realDonaldTrump @Reuters @bbcworld @dna All Fake Figures Just An Election Lollipop,Jobs Deliberately Curtailed For 3Years...
@dgontheroad not according to Trump, Fox news & Republicans. Apparently they need to make American grt again.
America is already great. Let's keep it that way.
#TrumpPence 95 Million People still out of work, lowest home ownership on record, ONLY PRESIDENT TO SHOW NO GDP GROWTH EVER!
Too bad my hubby is still working at Walmart, trying to support a family of 4 off a crappy pay because he can't get a good job.
Cottage industry for clean environment, maximum employment & decentralised economy; Tech-revolution to kill all these
Ur simply city is ur nobality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKtWekfXtng …
Give Kenya government the secret , the rate of jobless youths is high here.
hi sir Jay Bajrang Bali.i m from India
why is it that you cannot be reelected at US President? Not fair.
Terrific news! Obama: 15.3 million total jobs created. George Bush: 645,000 total jobs lost! Thank you, President Obama!
here is the facts democrats best for the economy.
Plantando vento.
Good President!!
God your advisors nose who wrote this must be so big!
What a finish, great, proud!
delusional if you think this number is good. More like 450k a month of good paying manufacturing jobs to make a dent.

thanks, Obama!
That's not the only thing that's growing 
THAT DOWSN`T EVEN COVER RETIREMENTS AND LAY OFFS. IT`S NOT NET GAIN. WHAT A JOKE. ABYSMAL.!!!!
more people are working a second job than in 2008.  You are a colossal failure.
We'll miss you. Thank you for all you've done.

good,a friend of foreigners
lies
Yeah but what's the quality of those jobs? More service sector junk that don't pay?

Great job Mr president
#EndTheDrugWar #EndTheLies #EndGovtProfiteering #EndAssetForfeiture #DoTheRightThing #Liberty #LegalizeIt
yeah don't count those that stopped looking if unemployment is so lo why there is a weak GDP? Im so glad ur days r counted

@SgyYogarajah more jobs mean valid Economic GROWTH which indicates Right ADMINISTRATION GUIDED BY YOURS TIRELESS ENDEAVORS.
The numbers don,t lie- thank you Mr.President
love you so much
I want to travil amerca to work you now the mode in our country's 
Thanks mr presdent
Where? I want one. Please tell me where.
nice to c u here sir
Wish one day India also be able to publish monthly job data. A grand salute to USA transparency.
lol
Thank You for all your hard work.  Have a terrific weekend.

but it's still near impossible for a felon to get a job.
part time jobs
mr president. You have fixed everything that george bush broke. @realDonaldTrump is in denial. He ain't winning in November.
way to go Mr. President!
This is ms ELAINE RIDLEY I just wanted to know why u didn't read my story.
