Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
That ur rever now uman rights to billd ur hisbtetal setting up an  fowdashon
As nation of ur maning faces indstruter for the national anthem

Wimans rights
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
, Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse ,la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
today the anniversary of the 80th birthday of Czech President Vaclav Havel
This is how good you really are in charge
Do the whole lot scrutety and scrutety to the content to the nation that issue the Wiman and kids a self working investment uman rights
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html?m=1 …
I will have a fire in my back yard to honour Jesus if I want to .the UN can suck a lemon     I WAIT FOR THE FALL of the NWO
Thankfully it will be revoked as soon as Trump is sworn in
sir please give first priority to eliminate terrorism to create a safer world for the  future generations.
And much faster than anybody wanted it to,like never #ThanksForNothingObama
let's make this planet as kingdom !! Beatrice and Oleg fell in love on this planet !!! And the judgment day will take years!!!
thnked for you world susetion sefty plan ,shyami in india
maliya obama welcome you my House in india really realaxtiaon world canter mandhawli Tigaon Faridabad Hariyana
Another illegal agreement just like the Iran Deal. Wonder how much damage this one will create for America?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1189711907739105&id=312536365456668 …
When the world will cross the threshold to eliminate terrorists and its sponsors. Frm where they get finance, arms and asylum?
Really, exactly what is going to change?. BTW, prove man can improve the earth.Get a shove & fill in the Grand Canyon
#wethepeople we eventually undo the damage you've done!
#chickenlittle

except in Australia - gone backwards thanks to fossil fuel takeover of our government
Barack Obama Climate weris is laev? You now from we're sore all.persidenti obec 1 man is litel and bic wandey and another day**
@ All Leaders @SgyYogarajah  Good foundation made :Better results found ;Greatest achievements .If widely extended, more peace
an historic decision taken taken by by the government of India
Sir, looking great And awesome smile...:) God bless you always
Thank you. Preparing for climate change AND working to stop it are both paramount.
paz en Siria Obama si tienen algo tu y Vladimir Putin ustedes solitos matense así no hubiera guerra absurda en Siria paz en sir
,Start at home,#StopthePipeline,#SavetheWater,#Dakota,#NativeLivesMatter
simply insane
Once lauded as a peacemaker, @BarackObama's tenure fraught with war
.@BarackObama's #ObamaCare meltdown has arrived http://on.wsj.com/2dMpG3W  

Joe Wilson was right ..Obama did "Lie"
sources @realDonaldTrump  said Paris agreement is for free @McDonalds french fries in every American pot.
you are right about that no doubt it
dddx x    we33222iiib   zz0 hb   ចរ
another failed policy gamble
#Rex84 WHY DOES FEMA NEED barbed wire? Camps w/tower guards? For THE unruly ones? Lincoln saved the Union & YOU DESTROYED IT!
climate change has nothing to do with humans. The sun drives the climate not people dumbass.

Can you come in Italy for president?
Please



I Would like to say, Thanks Mr. President Obama!





fantasy
I WANT THAT CHECK AND I WANT IT NOW! @GOVABBOTT 
MILITARY TACTIC THAT WAS USED HAS COMPLETELY BROKEN ME!!!
my good
m
Obama backs Clinton rips Obama as loser Care Obama look foolish,
. Can We Get Our Pay Raise Before You Leave Office Sir. South Carolina
YAŞAAAAAAAAAAAAAA MUSTAFA KEMAL PAŞA YAŞAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ADIN YAZILACAK MÜCEVHER TAŞAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA @BarackObama
sabah sabah ne içtin ya skdjdkf
so you have never seen me before ever and have no access to me
You need to counter terrorism too! It's the most alarming issue globally. Has been claiming thousands of lives each year.
children's in Yemen die a very day help WY not help them Mr president
Production of non-biodegradable goods the chief cause of climate change

Ich sag doch: #Hippie! #Daimler
cc @berndulrich @Die_Gruenen
double the solar tax credit and see how fast we get off carbon energy sources.
As China laughs all the way to the bank 
#FailedPOTUS
#HillaryForPrison2016
what is your REAL motive behind it, Hussain?
the information in this movie stitches it all up. #nohope #survival #CO2 #prepare #consumption http://youtu.be/VsU5ZG_BPVw 
Try our spices: Oregano Mountain Natural Organic Dried Greek Mediterranean Herb Leaf
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/Oregano-Mountain-Natural-Organic-Dried-Greek-Mediterranean-Herb-Leaf-100-gr-/152165611617?var=&hash=item236dc6f861:m:mW82BTsuX7lc7KGSZVQrvUw …
bravo

Although USA plays a dominant role on the world stage,anyone who neglect the existence of China will not be able to flourish.
Much too little, far too late I fear.
Good morning Mr President??
#HurricaneMatthew could hurt my parents in South Florida (God forbid) while King Ideologue @BarackObama @POTUS babbles climate nonsense.
your family is near the hurricane and you're on here trolling Obama? Shame on you
Really, I thought everyone was expecting it 10 years ago?
R congressmen would repeal regulations that provide for the health, safety & a future of all living things for coal/oil profits
sana da günaydın presıdent obama
You need to be worried about pissing off Russia Over a bunch of lies. And thinking you are the world police.
#ParisAgreement A Tribute to the Class of  2015 Chief Negotiators for Delivering the Agreement transcending National. Interest!
He believes it's crazy but the solution to hurricanes is a contrast platform! the tegnologia is our ally !!
they all taken Good decision... it's very helpful to protect our nature

u r so great
What Rights have American Citizens lost thru this Paris Agreement?
This Cool
thank you 
best of all it solves further warming and rising sea levels at the same time
I am truly amazed that scientists have not come to the same conclusions as I have.
. Thank you very much MR. President Barack Obama.
#ActOnClimate 
I can't believe people are denying change. A simple solution is clear to me and time is an issue.
 WATCH: Hillary in 2000 that She doesn't like emails because you can't hide it from investigators.
: sex has become a common culture in tagore shantiniketan viswa bharati univ. It was not there. I have to save me.
: it is pretty common in every young ppl. But nothing is bigger than my health.
: my love is greater to make a change in every young ppl. It is the reason we have a long wait or dues.
: i must not get lost. I must be in great use of my art my love to inspire new generation.
: i was talking to parents and they have shared their inspirations from me. The great art is existence of love.
: our greatest strength is our great culture great people great mind. Pls save my art my future works if any.
: when you preserve me you have to preserve my health my works. Only my works will make my worth.
: when i write never for any politics or to make you down. I write to say that let my works speak inspire.
ThankYou Mr.President, enjoyed having you these last eight years.
: you are a jerk!
http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/04/middleeast/aleppo-what-will-make-you-care-trnd/?iid=ob_lockedrail_bottomlarge … Let's take Syria just as seriously.  I hope something be done during your last few months.
congrats sir....
yes .... and what else did u accomplish?? Besides rotten Obama care that was supposed to be inexpensive. Pretty sad
Well done!!!
For Obama to say Obama Care is doing well & one Insurance Co Lost 500 Million
Obama said Fox News Lies said Obama Care is doing well just ask the Insurance Co that are Dropping
Barack we need you to remain president.  We wish you could do more years for president!!!. You the BEST!!!

you are the best president but now it is between Hillary and trump you were the best president ever
you were the best president ever but now in 2016 it is the craziest election year
Tim Kaine looked like a wild eyed lunatic during to VP debate. He is not fit to serve as VP. He is a disgrace to America.
Hey guess what u r not God! If the climate wants 2 change u r not going 2 stop it. Fix ur lies like Obama care u liar.
https://wh.gov/iM8c4 
Hai nelson Mandela is th world famous leader then next is u sir keep it up sir
thank you sir
I can think of ten other pertinent life changing situations than farce climate change
President's leadership on this issue will be part of his Legacy.  Huge step forward & long time in coming! World Rocks U/Obama!
Bless you, Mr. President. I hope the next generation gets the importance of taking care of our Earth. That's my mission.
I don't get it? What threshold? Has something important happened to stop the earth from turning into an oven? 400 ppm thresh???
oh I see. 55% of government bodies have agreed. 30 days from now the Paris Agreement begins to take affect. #ActOnClimate
STOP THE CEMTRAILS PROGRAM... WHAT ARE THEY SPRAYING IN OUR AIR????? DISTROYING our planet...STOP IT....
That's good!lol


for 7 plus years  I've heard this really really what's the dollar figure is this your legacy
will miss you Mr  prisedent
Mother Earth appreciate what you and others involved have accomplished.  Thank God... Peace and Love always.
@FoxNews   It will go the way of the Affordable Care Act.
I hope the fight for the Planet will continue and be picked up by all nations. Great work, thank you Mr.President
proud to have been a supporter and American during your tenure.
Thank you for your service.
Obama admin abruptly drops charges on Libyan arms dealer who threatened to expose Hillary Clinton @AmbJohnBolton joins me  #Fox
only way we can replace our carbon-based energy system is breakthrough in #Fusion or solar arrays in orbit built from moon dust
Thanks Mr.  President.
Thank you for being such a good man and role model.
can you tell Saudi to stop bombing Yemen?
