fuckin capitalism
help 911 On Facebook 
Eddie Rodriguez (DJ General FX)
fine Mr. Bo
@realDonaldTrump month after month he made it happen. Please stop taking credit for someone else's work.
Thanks Obama! 
please stay President for another 10 year please
@narendramodi Modi ji here people are getting unemployed and not getting salary which v deserve #Helpaskmeemployees
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
hahahahahahahaha
<--- Looks like you need a new pair of #juevos... Put your Big Boy Pants On, you'll feel better. @BarackObama
"Huevos" and the H is mude..
You say it your way... I'll say #juevos = b*lls... #GrowAPair
In my ovaries I trust 
They Have ZerosMoPrems,They'll Finance My PowerChrPrerdHmcrCriogenics
that's a weak number.
Amen
POTUS, thank you for being so incredibly above board, but please call the IRS and leak Trump's tax returns.
give done a tremendous job don't mind them you are a professional
Congratulations President Barack Obama but that's not in Uganda
Great. I too need one.
America is Great!
Hi.. Sir good morning
- no worries I'm with her, Hillary for President!
thank you for all you've done to raise this country again!
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people.
you have done Avery good job boss"
I'm loving, absolutely loving your lame duck days. SOOO proud of you and the FF!
yes u done great 5 star economy :p cux u dnt hv any nxt key plan 2 impose  War on 3rd World poor Muslim Kountries only lol
intelligence President.
@APPropst  What is the main thing we can attribute this to? Are there other areas of growth that correlate with this?
we should probably also mention the US added 230k people in that same month, right?
@realDonaldTrump don't worry- we don't have that fictional crooked Hillary, only the real world next president
“@BarackObama: The economy added 151,000 jobs in August—extending the longest streak of total job growth on record.”
good luck Mr President
You have done an outstanding job Mr. President. The most effective president in my lifetime; except possibly Harry Truman.
I can't wait to get your ass out the whitehouse
. Would you mind check what happened in Africa particular in Gabon, Congo Brazaville and actually in D.R of Congo
I am very excited
I wish you could run another term to complete this mission
Really!!!!!  Sorry I don't believe your spin on things!!!
If 10,000 people retire a day, that's 300,000 leaving the workforce a month-so we're only hiring back 151,000? Bad numbers!
easy to have job growth wben you don't count a lot of people
Thank you Mr. president. Screw Trump and his followers lieing ass.
the space X explosion with facebook satellite for Africa is suspicious.
你好
Please Ck on LG Nose Daughtry on9east,Furnaturegame,MeansGangup,Unbelieveable!!!
that amount of jobs does not keep up with the population growth so it is no success story that takes over 200,000 per month
Employment figures can distort a picture of improvement. Were they part time or permanent jobs?
national debt still growing....
The JOBS being created cannot support a family. We all know that, but nobody says it. Shame on U.S.
@zaaarcone start looking !!
thats saying a lot following buses rape of america!
You're awesome!!
happy birthday president
Love you!  Are you sure you can't stay around? 
congratulations
I know you had hard times with Congress ty Potus
#hillary2016
good for US growth rate
nice
Thanks!
low wage paying jobs u clown.
haha what a joke ! And it was 30k less what expected and all jobs are low pay bartenders and food jobs !!! U failed us ! 
Economic growth is at 1%. Stats are beyond misleading.
, what kind of jobs? Minimum wage
we lost 350,000 in Ohio. Not excited.
and the avg household income is STILL lower than it was in 1998!
well done Barack
best president this nation has ever had 
However shud be 1million a month. Drop in the bucket. Go golfing.
How many of them are worth while careers with health benefits? Or are they just more minimum wage, part-time?
Other sad part. Most American oil fields have a quarter of their workers from other countries. It took the Arabs to stop it all
But America wasn't made better in many ways. FRAKING made cheap oil. Cheap gas. Using fuel like no tomorrow. It's on you!
hehe
well-done Mr President, I wish it was the same in my Country. All we just need is opportunities like this.
The slowest in job growth since post WWII.  FOOL.

sir what according to you is the biggest challenge faced by global youth?
thanks Obama
.@BarackObama Mr.President LA People need help NOW. Red tape & gov doesn't care.Need action from you.Would u live in shelter for weeks?
You are a liar!!! All because of you thousands are losing their jobs. My husband saw many in tears today because they lost job.
Great News Mr Obama. Wishing US a Trump free growth.
Dear President when Will American citizen be able to visit scuba as a tourist
WHAT IS ONE GREAT one ONLY? Is the competence and his record President Barack Hussein Obama II.
control spending
Good job !!
Scotts Sara's Right thigh Is Wacks Scratched,Please Fix Him Once ForALL,Limpgs Next!!!
taken by your illegals?
You are a joke big ears!  People with a brain know what's going on with unemployment....1% GDP.......90 million unemployed#liar
I wish you could run for a third term... you will be missed...#BestPresidenttodate
this is very serous wow. Gr8 man will always be greeat man
good job Mr President.
This admin's job growth has not even kept up w/ population growth. Large % of any added jobs went to immigrants & Visa holders.
USA has 95 million people out of the labor force. Most are not near retirement. 26 million foreign born w/ a job. Lunatic admin
I'm sure trump will beat that, he'll need people to guard his wall 
Thanks, Obama! 
Thanks to one of the best presidents ever!
gotta make this go viral -Trump pays IRS a penalty for his foundation violating rules with gift to aid Florida attorney general
@realDonaldTrump @Reuters @bbcworld @dna Was Everything Saved For Election Time Or Just Created 4r Temporary,,All Vote Politics
hahaha, only in the dumbed down world of obama is adding this puny amount of service jobs a BIG WIN
Ha! Bullshit!!!
RT'ed"@BarackObama,Jobs Which's a 2x-Remarkable Result-,for a Month when,Logically,People/Deciders/Firms are in Holiday .. (Rgds)
Yeah, but what is the employment non-participation rate....

LMFAO that's nothing to brag about moron in chief
great job Mr president
are they permanent full time jobs or temporary and/or part time? Because leaving people under employed is not impressive.
ahha u tHOHt iWAs bLAAAst dUb cEEE ahha nAAbO)
 hAha nAAAA] wEs`;'wESpEQk #mO4bOdOh bO d@ gRe@ oNaLL gIGz eStAblSh`d&7][MobOv]^
what about all the workers who have NEVER returned to the workforce
deficits ridiculous interest rates and ultimate destruction
Dems at work never admit mistakes while pursuing utopian nonsense
U r a total failure as a President. U have no foreign policy and protect Muslims more than Americans. U defy constitution & lie
all I need is a Chance!
Thank you Mr. President.
@chocosouflet Obama has tried despite critics I just hope some idiots don't let their instinct wage war with their common sense
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCTg-k0GJ3w …
And how many LOST there jobs????????????????
Where are they? Cause they're not here.
and how many of those jobs are part time/ low wage jobs?
and then comes Trump ansd says it's a lye!!!
ولقد حاولو من أسبوع البكيكي أغتيال أحد رموز الجمهوريين في تركيا لرمي فتنة جديدة البكيكي والمعارضة الديمقراطية تبادل أدوار بينهم
مساء الخير سيدي الرئيس 
على ما أعتقد حزب البكيكي الأرهابي  متورط مع داعش في التفجيرات وفي محاولة الأنقلاب الفاشلة في تركيا
Part time jobs forced on Americans due to your failed Obamacare don't count, Rate is more in line with 20+ % unemployed
@netanyahu @billclinton @paulkrugman why trump saying things?
so why if UK economy is so brilliant is this not happening to us now ? Could it be brexit factor is harming us ?
#TacoTrucksOnEveryCorner #ImWithHer
It is probably higher...something more for Trump to complain about...
where is @realDonaldTrump getting his info/lies.You are the best President ever. African Americans support @HillaryClinton.
This is like taking credit for a sunrise because you happened to be awake when it occurred; which you've probably done.
When our own govt cannot even cr8 1000jobs for the last 1yr..I wish i was born in USA
You do know that we know you didn't do it; you're just an observer like us.
August of what year it sure was in 2016
you go mr. President# man I'm going to miss you
good job!!

"biggest jobs gains came in bars and restaurants" http://www.cnbc.com/2016/09/02/us-nonfarm-payrolls-august-2016.html … @BarackObama @rapdiaz12 And part-time because of Obamacare.
you rock Mr. President!!!
Longer than the brown steaks in Donald Trumps underwear?
Good news!
GUNALARMS NOWDO Your JOB @POTus Schools Allready Sterted Be Another LEGEND For Pres OBAMADon't let it Slide Like Everyth
But for who, in what class are most of the people who got jobs from middle class are from?
and you promised to create over 15 million jobs and you created only 151k
How do you prove that ?
job growth @PatMcCroryNC  has been trying to take credit for.
what about the 94 million people eliminated from the unemployment equation? We deserve a honest answer.
guess what GOP??? IT'S ALL OBAMA'S FAULT!!!
@HillaryClinton #ToKeepUpThisOpportunityOfEmployment  #VotAndSupport #HillaryForPresident #USElection #USWillRiseNodoubt
Thank you Mr.President

is me  kalle kabasele lubamba from drcongo, I ask from you invitation to come to stay in USA before you ,to leave president sit
wish same will happen in Nigeria
...wow minimum wage jobs r growing!!!!...
well done, Sir! Congrats!
Only ninety-six million to go unemployment king!
You can pat yourself on the back when we are adding 300k+ instead of trying to make anemic growth a good thing
Good Job.
And way below what is the number was to be. So quit patting yourself on the back
must be enjoying this record :)
I like you sir you to much grsth
I want job in #usa
what 8.05/h jobs or jobs.  Not every one must work at mcdonald's!
It is sad that neither the media nor the country have acknowledged all the good done during your time in office. Thank you Sir.
