Get over it; you and your agenda have been relegated to the dustheap of history.  Judge Garland is now moot.
someone has stopped or blocked my outlook page and my direct contact to you sorry but im still doing what I can for America thx
That is because your politican bastards stack the court!!! Americans cant trust anyone.
The Republicans have shown themselves to have no concern for USA or the people.
only to be sidelined and made to look cheap because he planned it that way why do people always make natives look used and who
I am bangladeshi man I can going to the america please help me please please you are my brother please help me
Republican refusal to do their job is not about Judge Garland; it is about their stupidity and their lack of integrity.
-- After Hillary is elected, she can nominate you.
I feel like I needed to say something before he ruins my future and his career I wish sir he was happy and safe from HIV it has
a ok!
Obama honestly, I do not like your pick for SC. Just let the next president fill the vacancy.
felt a snese of rage towards his attitude, Sir my life has  always been sidelined and he seems to like making me look cheap so
Illegality and the Courts !
What better way 2 retaliate against those who voted 4 POTUS, then 2 harass their rights 4 the next 4 decades if we let the GOP.
prove there point and to make me look cheap I guess they have done this to others who work for governments I am sad and will be
has helped both countries Canada and the united states with policy only to be upstaged by crack heads and directors this place
and to somne degree this act has brought on a downturn and it remains down tothis day I feel that our market has made gains but
A very successful man who has been an upstanding citizen of Edmonton for over forty years I hate the way this city ruins people
good wife I feel that the city of Edmonton ,Alberta has messed my babies life up by putting this Kenny HIV heron in front of a
that I have let things get out of hand I have helped when your country was in turmoil and have been grateful to you and your
He may be smart but he doesn't believe in constitution, just like you
Who runs this account?
Why was Islam banned from the USA in June 27 1952 ? Why Chapter 2 not Chapter 1 ?
it doesn't matter who you pick they will not support you ... sad :(
That's because they want #TheirOwnGuyInThatSeat, and they'll do EVERYTHING they can, to #MakeItHappen! 
The Senate is doing what the majority of voters want.  Plain and simple.  We will get a real nominee soon enough.
absolutely no way anyone should trust anything you say!!
always willing to help you and michelle right to the end of your presidency I have not been able to send you any emails because
Edmonton needs to suffer more deficits and lower oil prices to show why I am helpbng you sir they seem to use the director to
not with the crack head like my baby has made it look like but the gains were made because of me and some of what I stand for
ruined our lives and his actions will spell an end to a long lasting relationship please you are aware of his name and I feel
stocks and then bring me down by making out with a crack head who has HIV I feel like I have been used for so long that I have
My boyfriend has been using my brother who has HIV and his friend to make me look like a loser he has been using me for the
FORGET ABOUT IT!
They must not refuse not
radical obama
they need to be replaced.
Barack O'Beezy. I love you god.
maybe he should attend a Methodist Church and seek a wife first.
anyone nominated by you or @HillaryClinton would be detrimental to this countries freedom. I support NONE of your choices!
@SenatorLeahy
@PattyMurray
@GOP #obstructionists used #merrickgarland to spite @potus.
I'd settle for #FlipTheSenate
Isn't there something a President can do if Congress doesn't do its job?  Take them to court!
get right advise what is going on Nicaragua. Congress and you wrong Interventions have to stop. Ur Democracy in ur country bad.
congress more interested intervention sovereign countries like Nicaragua ur government don't have right to do that Nicaragua
It's a disgrace!
we dont want another antigun liberal jew!
Sorry, Joe told us not to during an election year.
YOUR JUDGE OF CHARACTER IS NOT VERY GOOD. LOOK AT THE CORRUPT CRIMINAL YOU HAVE AN ALLIANCE WITH . SHAMEFUL
plz don't wait for a recess appt. America is tired of this shit show of an election.
Mr President,  you need to bust McConnell on the cocaine ship his family owns. U get yr vote.
Typical repub tactics re:THIS POTUS!! has been disrespected as none before him. Wonder if skin color made a difference?Racists!
vaaw
Politics played by a failed POTUS. More debt than all combined, and shrouded in conspiracy & secrecy while arming our enemies
the voter's need to make the Republicans pay at the polls for the judge Garland obstruction
23 days left to join the fight against racism http://booster.com/love-has-no-color …  RETWEET SHARE and join the Mission!
Good, and you need the electric chair right along with your butt buddies called the Clintons!
would you just sit down and shut up. No one cares about your opinion about anything.
Congress is just waiting for Madam President to nominate you for the open position on the SCOTUS. That will be great!
انت مجرم
please read my story!!!!
#Yaaaaay to President Obama.
he does not support the constitution as it stands.  He wants to be a radical game changer. I'll take Trump. You keep him
does that means they already decided to back off from your as President of the USA #MerricksMerits ! Its a shame!
thanks for trying in this broken system of ours!
instead of make real nomination stop killing AfroAmerican Senate preparing sanctions Against Nicaragua stop this madness
American politic interest intervention small countries again Nicaragua is the target stop killing afroamerican is ur job

please can you just stay as president. Like forever. Please.
spoodermn fr prsdnt
then come up with a candidate more acceptable, less political and more equitable.
Mr., @BarackObama ; You shouldn't insist on him, there are lots of perfect judges over there...
https://www.gofundme.com/2pcgvytw  please help support this is a real call for not a computer scam
https://www.gofundme.com/2pcgvytw 

Namate Sir Barak ...greetings from india.
Then let's get rid of the republicans and fill them with democrats I'm not rich enough to be a republican!
.@BarackObama Quack
Typical republican stonewalling and grandstanding
As Lyndon Johnson said ...you need the numbers....
If the lawyers like him then we don't.
nobody cares about this. the country is looking to next president tonight to fix the mistakes from your last 8 years.
you are great sir
please declaration Pakistan terrorist nation
yes!
pp9l88
impeach Obama
irrational and prejudiced behaviour of majority of white Senate members. They don't accept a black president or sympathisers
good morning mr presiden of amerika,,,
this is crazy that they won't give him the go ahead
you are 2020 Hero
as SCOTUS after POTUS?
give it up already
So you say!
.aapko kotiy kotiy namanay.
Bahut bahut shubha kamnaye.
Good morning ji.
Then you should replace him for judge Olu Stevens.
Probably because a two faced liar white middle class person hater Antichrist member of a militant black hate church likes him
quit trying to pick a SC justice that will line your pocket! You are the most pathetic excuse for a president in U.S. history!!
too bad he doesnt believe in the 2nd Amendment...@realDonaldTrump will pick a more qualified judge #LameDucksDontPickJudges
I'm sorry, what? Having trouble hearing anything you said since you signed the Dark Act
It's okay, @BarackObama ! They'll be racing to confirm him in six weeks...
we demand a Supreme Court Approval........we the people want the business of the legal world to get done!
You have been the best POTUS of my lifetime!
The US Senate has put the time-honored rigidity of the US Constutitution in the wrong manner over the Justice Garland Impasse!
bey bey baby 
I would rather see Barack Obama be appointed to the SCOTUS

http://www.altershirt.com 
Isn't his mind already made up on 2nd amendment issues before hearing the case?
mitch McConnell is the Senate majority leader and no one with a brain can figure out why. He is a bigot, immature despotic ass.
we DONT need you trying to help or fix this country ANYMORE....YOUVE DONE ENOUGH DAMAGE ALREADY....JUST PACK YOUR SHIT AND GIT.
Anyone that Obama endorses or nominates is damn sure not anyone America needs!!
enough,  leave Mr. OBAMA. ...we've had enough of yur - CHANGE &  NO...Hope. ...
we don't want a liberal Supreme Court justice. The only law he will follow will be his own liberal agenda.
I DOUBT ANY COULD ACCUSE ME OF FLATTERY,BUT THAT'S BECAUSE I TELL TRUTH AND NOT LIES,LIKE IT OR NOT..
no no no. Were done letting you screw us over
/ Good Morning / Night Sir. God Bless U All Sir
GET PEOPLE TO JOIN UP WITH YOU,BUT THE VERSES PROVE FLATTERY IS A DECEPTIVE PLOY TO DECEIVE..
AND IT MAKES YOU MAD WHEN YOU CAN'T FLATTER AND DECEIVE..DANIEL 11:32,PROVERBS 29:5..YOU THINK YOU CAN THROW PRAISE AROUND AND
just confirm him. Do it.
Go play golf or something! We no longer require your services!
#smh
bet judge Garland doesn't have pseudonym
Can you ask Pats coach Bill Belechick to tell the Senate to 'DO YOUR JOB!'??
Time for you to go!
It's a Do-Nothing Congress, & they alone have brought shame on our Country. I'm sorry for you, Mr. President. Grace be w/you.
-It's heartbreaking to see our leaders don't care about quality just about having their way, not what's best for the people!
Sir, What good is law,justice or morality when Americans are stopped from suing Saudi Arabia? Why worry about bright judge sir?
They are wolves in sheep's clothing so they follow like sheep with no concern for the Constitution or the American people
I am disappointed that the administration has not been more aggressive about putting this issue before mainstream media.
NOT STOP,SCARY CHINA THAAD NO,THE COMMUNIST NATIONAL UNITY,MY COUNTRY FREEDOM,ECONOMY AND PROFIT,ALL DISAPPEAR INTO DARKNESS.
why the refuse
shameful behavior by Republicans, bordering on treason. They should be impeached! 
THE EURASIA FUNDS,MY COUNTRY,ALL PEOPLE THE TAX BURDEN IS TOO LARGE,PAIN. REALLY OF PARK GEUN HYE,KIM JONG UN ERA,UNIFICATION-
COUNTRIES, PARK GEUN HYE,IT CONTINUES DECLARED,THESE QUESTIONS FRUSTRATED ME,CHINA AIIB GO TO-IN N.KOREA IT SHOULD STOP___
SO RED AND UNIFIED AD,PARK GEUN HYE,XI JINPING TO THE PROMISED,STRONG COMMAND,KOREA PENINSULA PEACE UNIFICATION COMMUNIST___
GOP must go
HELLO,PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA,
SECRET REVOLUTION:WITH XI JINPING TOGETHER PARK GEUN HYE,THEY ARE VERY FRIENDLY WITH EACH OTHER_
half serious: by law they must have the hearings. Could or should the executive force a vote (w/arms if needed) if they won't?
Surely you know by now that Repubs will hate most things/people you http://like.How  do we let them get away with this?
Do your job!
Garland is NOT qualified to be DOG catcher!  An ANTI 2nd amendment LIBERAL out to take AWAY more than your gun RIGHTS!
and did you know the Warriors blew a 3/1 lead to the Cavaliers? Welcome back Cavs #champs
.
The long standing  obstruction by Mitch McConnell 2every thing put forth by R president is well known.
We need 2vote him out
, wait and let Hillary nominate you!!!
@SenateGOP It is your duty under the Constitution you swore an oath to uphold. You should ALL be held in contempt of America.
Yeah. It's a rule in Congress that they don't vote on judges in election years. You should read up on it.
you have young black daughter why wasn't a black woman nominated to SCJ
Why won't @HillaryClinton say whether or not she'll renominate Judge Garland if she's elected?
Perhaps because he will push your socialism / progressive destructive idealogy? Stop crying.
@robportman you need to act on the candidate for the Supreme Court.  He is more than qualified.
And yet-you still suck.
for a liberal not this time Obama
thank goodness they are delaying a hearing on your appointment of this man. Smart move on behalf of those that are stalling.
Its very sad that the senate is more focused on proving their divisive tacts than upholding the American constitution
@Senate Republicans Vote Justice Garland in SCOTUS as U may not like President Clintons choice.
Seriously Obama we don't want your opinion anymore you've screwed up America enough stand down
need a couple choices to consider,chair is for life, no mistakes
it will take maybe 20,30 years till them their all death maybe,educate the next génération 
give up #Obama 
Tired of ur tweets.....
you have ruined the morality of this country and we need you no more.....
so can we expect a Nov. 9th hearing? Or will they be on vacation again? #U.S.Senate #DoYourJOB
thanks for playing.. golf anyone?
WHERE ARE YOU GOP. WHAT'S the hold-UP. DO YOUR JOB. VACATION IS OVER.
#quit whining #to liberal
do your jobs!
apparently not good enough. For the sake of the SC Republicans will elect a serial liar who views the consitution with contempt
congress needs to take a page from The N E Patriots play book and DO THEIR JOB! #doyourjob
Cowardly Congress, politics and a warped ideology before country.  To paraphrase Trump, they are "Sad, Disgusting, Losers".
shut up! No one cares go play some golf !
this brings tears to my eyes! Lol

that doesn't matter. You used Senate leadership to block legislation for years. Just let it go already.
too little too late
how about a third term! That would be awesome :)
#BidenRule
Tell the REASON the Senate leaders are blocking it !
