Sahabaan.khan
I am voting against toomey so McConnell will lose his position as senate majority leader. Who says politics is local!
Happy to pay for his one-way ticket to Russia.
Though I do not like him, he had the balls to stand against you railroading an activist judge through
Per The Constitution, it is YOUR job to appoint SCOTUS judge with advice AND consent of Senate. Do YOUR job.
Did he make that nomination with advice of Senate? It's up to him to get consent.Their right not to consent.
if they did hold hearings, he might get appointed and that would be a disaster.
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
Mr. President.  Being from Kentucky,  I can tell you that not many of us are proud of him.  VR   Andy
.
McConnell BEING PROUD obstructing of a SUPREME COURT's NOMINATION for at least 5monts+<THE BEST WORLD'S DEMOCRACY> SHAME!
NOV. 8.th VOTERS SHDN'T FORGET LAST MID TERM 2014 G.O.P GOT ELECTED WITH 36.% VOTING TURNOUT LOWEST IN 72 YEARS. UNACCEPTABLE.

帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас , мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
slime sucker
President, the Lord, the Lord, the Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health, happiness, goodbye, goodbye, good morning, good night
FREE CHARLES MANSON and anyone in jail for what he is in jail for supposedly having influenced.
? :)
McConnell should be impeached! Has blocked all action by Demos and SCOTUS apt. Too much power in one man! Action is treasonous!
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
so whats going on now barackObama ?
He's protecting the Supreme Court from a liberal majority. Don't twist the facts...traitor Obama
LAME DUCKS "DO NOT" MAKE SCOTUS appointments!!!
Do the country a favor and just hurry up and GO! AWAY! FOREVER!
And out come the nutjobs with their childish imaginations...
I love..love our President.
Ya treasonist
Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse , la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
You go Senator!
The man who gave turtle-faced people a bad name everywhere!
Assume you're talking about McConnell?
You would assume correctly!
it's his job to do what he's doing, it's your job to cry about it, it's our job to vote in the next administration
McConnell is an OBSTRUCTIONIST - shame on him
#DoYourJob we would be fired if we didn't do our job can we fire all of them please say yes
he stands for everything that is rotten about politics. In essence he is a disgrace to the country he is supposed to serve.
McConnell is a perfect example of our broken political system . . . Embarrassing 
GOP stop obstructing America. Vote these GOP dinosaurs out in November.
anything to stop your nonsense is an accomplishment
wish he get out of Washington  I from ky and I never vote for him  and never will
He right and your wrong everything don't go your way.
it's a damn good thing that congress is holding off on any confirmation!!!
why do you criticize people in the government you serve? That's despicable at least.
stopping you from imposing yourself on America is a great thing! Piss off Barry! 36 days to the end of your liberal corruption!
Ditch Mitch & Dump Trump!
McConnallshouldnot be proud! Good workers are hard to find. By the way, has He worked?
neither should be helping destroy emails . Wikileaks October surprise. Lol. Enjoy retirement.its been fun.
dear Obama I am just an old woman who years for a day when I can not be ridiculed or mocked for my love of the tall whites
it's cowardly to not admit my great admiration for such amazing handsome and incredibly amazing beings
also myself and others can not start fan clubs dedicated to them unless their is et alien disclosure by a leader
please I beg you engage in et alien disclosure in 2016 for the love of the tall whites
you are by far one if the best presidents of the USA! from Colombia
@OFA @SenateRepCaucus @HouseGOP #shameful congress. Record for vacation,obstruction,failure to do UR job.follow theConstitution
@Vbiii241 party before country if it benefits the elite and special, better known as Congress. #Donothingcongress
@js_edit simply reinforces he is an utter failure.
@Vbiii241 Mitch what you did was anti American!
We deserve a hearing then a NO! vote. Merrick Garland supports Citizens United. http://Speechnow.org  v FEC
@JoeKoffee #do your job or retire
He/Rs admitted from the start their goal was to obstruct PBO. I call it a disgrace. Do your job!!
Anyone that stands up to this Adminstration is a true Patriot.
Well done sir.
@pewdiepie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8RH-wY89kM&feature=youtu.be … Look Obama. This is a world leading topic that needs to be discussed.
This should not be your nomination Barack! I support the block!
@BarackObama
@debfromca   GOP and Senator McConnell have never done anything for Women,The Poor People,Working People and Minorities.
Go ahead and cry unfair. Whaa. You do whatever you want against what the people want  We want nothing left reminding us of you
I'm voting a straight ticket in November because of him. The only way to fire McConnell in PA is to defeat pat toomey  in PA
Senator McConnell needs to retire NOW, let a younger person who's willing to work with all Senators to get things done.
I have no respect for McConnell. He is a liar and cheats at every turn,
Think a turtle on a fence post upside down. That is our Mitch.
We'll set him straight in Nov. Why isn't he being investigated for the drugs found on his yacht & his very lavish lifestyle?
Senator McConnell is a complete idiot.
Republicans should be ASHAMED to have nominated Trump. Win  or lose, he has severely damaged, if not killed the GOP
MCCONNEL NEEDS TO STEP DOWN ALL THESE OLD WHITE MEN GET OUT LET YOUNG PEOPLE TAKE OVER WE HAVE MORE SENSE THAN U OLD MEN
MR PRESIDENT WE R WORRIED THE REPUBLICANS R OUT OF CONTROL THE LIES AND WE R SCARED OF WHAT TRUMP COULD DO PLEASE U HAVE TO DO
old jowl neck Azz!!!
wine wine wine
Only thing I will say is go man go
@PamelafBrockman there should be a law that says " no work, no pay" to anyone in Congress
#DoYourJob I president of a nation must never approve sin as a law #BringBackTheBibleToOurSchools
Does this mean he has ZERO actual accomplishments?
Much of what he is proud of many fid repugnant. He reminds me of Mr. Bluster.
The Senate is a disgrace. No job no pay
a negative is his positive??!


I hope you are right.
remember he failed leading GOP, making u a 1 time pres. & your accomplishments he cud not erase from history. Now he must
I'd like to turn that dumbass over my knee and tan his Baby Huey hide. You deserve respect not a tantrum from the far right!
gud  man

I agree with him
.@BarackObama Stop sending weapons to Syrian terrorists ! Stop interfering in other countries destiny. It never works. Enough bloodshed!!
That is why the GOP now has Trump.  They must live with it and experience the consequences
I am proud of him!
He and his cohorts are parasites on the body politic
#Liar #flipflop #stfu
I know because is white ! That's why! You many times understemate white jobs! And I AM NOT WHITE! In case you thinking is a whi
it sure is the best thing I've seen in politics in quite some time.
This Republican led do-nothing Congress has been an embarrassment & disappointment to the American people!  #NeverTrump
your are shitty president.
McConnell is a joke.
you misspelled Clinton
Bourbon sated hillbilly still living in Confederacy hoping for return of slaves.......very sad
no one obviously wants your retard appointee in power. Just sit down and let the adults handle it.
Ridiculous!
On steady course as usual LOLs McConnel's mindless override of veto; now wealthy travelers can have assets seized as they expat
.@barackobama: 
I am ABSOLUTELY proud of him!
same as birther pride. How very sad! Do your job Senator!
#RecessAppointMe
#USAmbassador#The #DPRK
#IfYouW#OttoWarmbier #Home
#Christmas@OFFicial_KJU#BeatHis
#SwordsIntoPlowshares,@BarAckOBaMa
& @BarackObama It is the plow that traces the furrow in the field but it is the sword that defends it
Hillary evil abd a super liar. She is a disaster worse then you  Mr.President
you ate supporting a liar to become president. I never expected that from the President of the United States of America.
it should b one of them. Judges should not be political hacks but instead enforcers of the constitution #NotInterpreters
doing anything to stop your attempted decline of our country should be anyone's proudest moment. #getoutnow
I feel this statement shows McConnell 's true colors.
Probably hasnt done much else
Those are the old racist, born and raised that way, can't change their minds

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account, remitted back to the United States
21 states has filed a suit against you to STOP another end run aroud Congress. When are you going to learn, Obama??

भारत का साथ देने पर हाफिज सईद ने दी अमेरिका को धमकी ?http://hindi.news24online.com/hafiz-saeed-pakistan-surgical-strikes-us-84/ …
Yes? Well? Where does one start? Isn't it kind of quaint to witness a force of darkness which (don't laugh) thinks it's subtle?
Why? You haven't done you'd job in eight years...why worry about what he is or isn't doing?

#worstpresidentever
I feel like that saggy turkeys neck is to old white men, what ballsacks are to dogs.
, Republicans are the problem will have in this country. The vowed to obstruct anything from the POTUS. Shame on them!!
This explains everything ;)
history will not look kindly on Mitch McConnell and his obstructionist policies.
MORE LIIIEEESSSS!!!!!
yes, you should be worried about the next nominee for TSC as Trump is going to pounce Hillary and select the best candidate
He has no accomplishments Mr. President and 8 yrs. not working all congress and senate republicans owe us their paychecks!!!
#ClintonKaine #republicansenate SHAMEFULExampleOfShirking YourDutyToDefyYourPresident! #DoYourJob @laureldavilacpa @ScottNevins
so sorry you have to deal with this type of nonsense. It's the only way they can be racist without being obvious.
Finally!! Something I can agree with McConnell on. Don't let BO appoint another socialist to the Supreme Court!
.
Sen.McConnell behavior and bias clearly evident these past 8 years speaks loudly to what kind a man and politician he is 
McConnell is simply morally bankrupt and his politics of "no" have led the GOP to where it is today. Headed for the falls!
good job @MitchMcConell
well that is better than failed obamacare, Iran moving to have nukes, lousy economy, terror increase. All in your eight years
Speaking up will not make any difference.  It never does.
Sir why you not taking serious action, Humanity violence in Kashmir
they get more recesses then children no wonder they can't #DoYourJob
First Trump, now this! This congress is despicable & trifling!
please consider Prime Ministership of Canada once @Trudeau is finished. We want you!  French is a must, but will supply tutor!
McTurdle is just a wonder of Leadership on the Hill. He's done wonders w/ little trud-les keeping heads tucked
 and their WannaBe leader 
Mitch McConnell needs to be tried for treason and put in prison for life.
@waffull @BarackObama  Mitch is not this handsome....
That's just @BarackObama always trying to see the good in people... even if there isn't any. @pirategirlsrule @BarackObama
Ashamed to be living in the state he's from! We deserve better!!
Achievement is in pleasing God. From it comes the favor.
so many reasons to call McConnell worse Senator ever.  This is only one of so many.
#McConnell has been awarded the Nobel Prize for hypocracy by not upholding the Constitution that he has sworn to do. #election
McConnell shld have to forfeit his seat for so blatantly choosing to serve his party instead of the nation.
never trust people without a chin (and with a rat face)....
MCCONNELL IS A COMPLETE RACIST ASSHOLE THAT SHOULD HANG HIS HEAD IN SHAME?
one of the biggest jackasses in American history.
yes!
get out of office already #obamasucks
unfortunately, the biggest obstacle to congressional cooperation is the Whitehouse. Shame on you Mr. Occupant.
#DoYourJob
after 45 yrs of racist drug war you should be embarrassed to be lead warrior. #EndTheDrugWar #EndGovtProfiteering #Liberty
it is. You are the one that should do your job. Ban gay marriage. Not born that way.

McConnell is disgusting. Thanks for all you do Mr. President!
-Not
Comparing Mandela to Peres, not your proudest moment...
You are proud to have circumvented congress; contravened the Constitution; & exacerbated racial discord
Stopping a racist, subversive president from further damaging the country is indeed an accomplishment of which to be "proud".
.@BarackObama Yaaaaaass drag him
オンバザラザドバン
オンバザラザドバン
オンバザラザドバン
オンバザラザドバン
オンバザラザドバン
オンバザラザドバン
オンバザラザドバンオンバザラザドバンおりゃー
do your job @SenateMajLdr and hold a hearing for judge gartland
u took an oath 2 uphold our Constitution but choose 2 dismantle it instead! U r killing this country!
no matter what you think of McConnell, we all have to admit his chin betrayed him at some point in his life
A leader can pull people together despite their differences.  That is America's problem.  DT nor HRC will fix that.
and send him home.
--You have Chicago bred crookedness in your blood instead of the love of Jesus Christ. I pray for your salvation!
you are always a real president.
No character. Sold out the people paying your salary, Mr. McConnell, because of your hatred of our president. Shame

McConnell is a disgrace to our Congress and I am in awe of you for your dignity and honorable conduct, Mr.President!
This is perfect President Obama.None of the GOP have anything to be proud of.Their place in history will be a footnote.
McConnell=GOPIDIOTS
he sounds like Trump
GOP and McConnell...do your job. You are our employees. No more stalemate or obstruction. Give Garland his respect and a vote!
Senator McConnell  needs to hang it up. He is so out of touch with the people it makes him useless.
shame on you senator you put your arrogance before your country

DO YOUR JOB!!!  OR RESIGN!!!
Can you stop the Aleppo genocide before this tragedy taints your legacy?
