Hbd his excellency
..havaryu
iki yüzlü abd coniler terörist ülke
Happy birthday
Asome
very quite son nice https://goo.gl/MlPgN2 
NGÀI THẬT TUYỆT VỜI
Obama is the worst president and he comes across as cold and calulating human being
happy new age, mister President.
happy birthday president Obama and May God continues to bless you with many many more enjoy your night
have a great natal day & may there be no new wrinkles in your birthday suit
Nice
@BarackObama @OFA
@jhgfgf g c dhchb x exigen xizg ah xgkOFA
happy b. D beloved president Obama !!!!  Much applause to you !!!
Happy birthday Mr President. Cheers!
happy birthday Sir
good mrng sir.very nice.
Happy Birthday Dear President. You should know, it is my Birthday too (1949) and am very proud to share the day with you!

Hbd.
“LISTEN TO US” http://easycolorexpress.com 
HAVE A HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY.COOLEST MAN ON EARTH
happy bday young man, i will be the big five five in two months. Age aint nothing but a number peace.
By new material you mean Donald Trump, right? #TrumpPence16
You couldn't run a Popsicle stand. Why should America wish you anything in kind. Selfish bas$&@#.
Happy Birthday Mr President.
Happy Birthday !!
You will be badly missed!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Mr. President sir
http://VisitEarnings.com/?user=37504 
Happy Birthday
Wish we had you for another term!
 intellegent thoughtful compassionate handling fantastic
Whu you made this child (air defense) against Russian fighter jets? 
@BarackObama
happy birthday Mr. President! wish you health & life in abundance!
happy birthday to one fine POTUS#junebugg
Happy birthday.   God bless you and your family.
be glad your gone, blm suck and so do you
Happy birthday from France Mr Président 
you are sunof bitch obama you destroyed my country and you support Bashar Alasad , fuck you, assholl
wee

.
I see that you put back my tweet. Very wise decision. Yep.
And to make an evil laugh. 
What? 
Oh.
(insert evil laugh)
Sweeney said to give you the code word 'Nevermore'
I have rights. Put back my tweet. 
I know where you live.
Hey, where did you put my tweet about the candy corn. Are you censoring me?
Feliz Cumple Barack. Gracias por todo.
Do you have any candy corn?
It's not for me. It's for a friend. Really.
Hey, why do I have to pay to sign your birthday card?

Can I not congratulate you priceless, because that is what you are to US: priceless
Happy, happy birthday, Mr. President and thank YOU 4 all you've continued to do. #ONEMORETERM
many Many Happy returns of the day Sir
Happy Birthday to our beloved president Obama
@POTUS "In God we trust"Many Happy Returns of the Day! Accept Best Wishes fm Kashmiri BUTT Family!
http://9266928.deneme.web.tr/yonetici/http://9266928.deneme.web.tr/yonetici/ …
Happy Birthday! God Bless You Abundantly.
Happy Birthday to you POTUS
Happy birthday Mr president
happy birth day sir
Sometimes we feel sorry for American people as the fact of reluctance to vote for either a psycho or a liar.
Happy birthday Mr President
Happy Birthday Mr President, Sir!
.dad and son
Happy Birthday Dude!
Happy BDay Prez!
.@BarackObama @OFA Happy Birthday President Obama! Loved your speech at the #DemConvention 
enjoy a happy life
happy birthday! Mr President
Happy Birthday, Mr. President. 55 looks good when you turn 65. Enjoy your day.
Happy new year sir
Happy Birthday Mr. President!
55 is nothing -- wasn't until 59 got my comeuppance with cancer -- get a little older before you crow
happy birthday Mr. President.
ENJOY YOUR DAY, MR. PRESIDENT!!!  BE BLESSED!!!
happy bday but can't believe you signed the GMO law into effect.
Happy Birthday POTUS
wishing you a happy birthday sir
Happy birthday POTUS 
Happy B'day to my awesome POTUs
Happy Birthday BO we are the same age.
Happy Birthday Mr.  President and If It's Not...A New Nerd...Was Born
happy birthday
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. PRESIDENT 
From 1 Nerd To Anerdther One
Happy Birthday Mr.President
Happy Birthday Leo Brotha ^^^
@BarackObama @OFA
This Islamic Terrorist loving traitor doesn't deserve any kind of celebration, except for one when he leaves office!
Happy Birthday to you 
fuck @POTUS and his NAMBLA tendencies. Stop fucking children you creep!!!
happy birthday prez
it was 2 days ago fall-back!
http://MyPayDesk.com/?ref=173719  click here and see some miracle
Hsppy Birthday Mr. President! I love what you have done for our country!
happy birthday wish wish you could do a third term!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO OUR HANDSOME PRESIDENT & MAY GOD BLESS YOU WITH MANY MANY MORE
Happy Birthday Mr. President!
Happy Birthday President Obama!!! Many happy returns of this day.
Happy Birthday sir.  Barack is a great Man that support USA & world  democracy with peace during bad &good time.
happy birthday.  What an amazing eight years.  Thank you.
wish you a great Happy Birthday .To a man to Support
Happy Birthday Mr. President!!! 
Happy Birthday!!
happy birthday dear President Obama
Happy Birthday! May God bless you with many more!
Happy Brithday Sir
Happy Birthday to most handsome President , and thank you for doing your best for the United States
no
Happy Birthday Mr. President.! I gone miss you. 
@BarackObama @OFA
la breithe shona duit
waaaw very Nice
Happy Birthday Mr Barack Obama Many Happy Returns
@funmilayo_anne Happy blessed New year to you on your birthday. God bless your New yr with Long life and great pròsperity
Happy Birthday President Obama
Happy Birthday.!!!
Happy Birthday, Mr. President!
Happy Birthday to my main man.
Happy birthday mr. President and many many more, with your lovely family 
I wish you a wonderful happy birthday,  this day is for you
@BarackObama @OFA
Happy Birthday Mr. President!!!  have a lovely Day!!! 
let it be your last birthday !!!!
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday from an Early Childhood Special Ed, Speech Language Pathologist. Oh, and a Democrat, too!
Happy Birthday Mr. President (in Marilyn's voice) :)
Have a most Blessed Presidential Birthday.  Thank you for all you've done for our great nation.
happy birthday mr president !
55 anniversairy Will block Trump dark walk..
You look young for 55! Happy birthday anyways!
55 We receviez you Mr President 5/5
happy birthday  Mr. President. Wishing you fruitful years ahead. Congratulations
Happy birth day best king of the world
site does not accept postal codes from Canada.  HBD from Canada anyway!
happy birthday ! best wishes
nah. Stick with your dad jokes. Happy birthday!
Happy Birthday Mr President 
History will be very kind to President Obama. Great prez and good egg.
God bless u sir
happy birthday Mister Président OBAMA
I like you Barack
Happy Birthday! Thank you and VP Biden for your service to our country.
Happy birthday President of the great nation America
happy birthday Mr. Barack Obama. May God continue to bless and keep you. 
Go to....
HBD #BO YOU ARE AN INSPIRATION, DONT LOOK BACK... #POTUS...!!!
@SgyYogarajah many more wishes are conferred on you to enhance the joyfulness of your birthday celebration GRACE OF God fu
Happy Birthday Mr. President. Thank you for the sacrifices you made during your term as President.
hpd mister President. You promised, you did
From Tim and Yvette from the Netherlands on a vacation in Vienna, Congratulations an a happy birthday in a healthy shape
The country is wishing Barry a very speedy exit. Get lost Lame Duck failure, and take your bad writers with you. Bye Bye
happy birthday!
