.@BarackObama Let's be clear.. the only thing that #Obamacare has accomplished is turning full time workers into part time workers.
@BarackObama
actually this is what happens wit #ObamaCare you have Hebrew & Israeli people stealing ur Obama Package from Minorities 4 pills
Columbia Presbyterian Hospitals are running an Extortion scandal with your Obama Care & Lab work
@BilldeBlasio ask yourselves this , 
Why these doctors never match your BloodWork results with your blood type for verification
Presbyterian Doctors charge obama care for lab works but lab works are handled by interns & incompetence
so lets say DeBlasio needs blood work & is sent into a lab the results can be from another patient
all blood work handled by hospitals shouldhave matching bloodtype like watermarks that match a patients bloodtype
thats how come people have been dying in NewyorkCity Hebrew Doctors are misplacing Results for gentrification
are u crazy?
Let's be clear what the hell happened in Benghazi?????
..... I appreciate it.
forcing people to buy insurance or else face penalties is COMMUNISM.
Exchanges Going Bankrupt. Cannot Choose Doctor. Premiums Increasing Exponentially Year After Year. Nice Work Obama
@Bill__Clinton__ @BarackObama
it's a mess. You are out of touch with reality.
Says Proves News
Propaganda....
like
Preach!
care of yoursellf and your familia and trank you vor all! 
Renate from Germany
Dear Mister President, p lease take care of yoursellf and your familiy. Thank you for all!
Renate from Germany
@MichelleObama + SENATOR
@BarackObama @MichelleObama
#why are so many major healthcare providers   Pulling off the exchange?
I lost mine, because I started working part-time!!!!!! Rewarding lazy people?
just bc you say it doesn't make it true.  It is not working and you know it
it's making it more expensive and insurance carriers are fleeing. How's that a success.
obviously you haven't heard tho horror stories about the "Affordable " health care.
and 122 million have seen their costs increase to offset the 20 million thanks fucko
criminal  polititicien  attack  on  my  family. police  not  teke  action. Can  you  help  me.
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
let's be clear, you are a joke!
True,true, but the irony is that it's also not working for other millions.
how can I apply?  been trying to apply since 9AM.
what about the others who don't qualify for it & are penalized every year when they can't afford to have insurance!? 
May “Our Force Be With You!”,  http://diycolours.com 
I agree!! After losing my job and facing cancer.  If not for the ACA I wouldn't have had health coverage.
Lets be clear, NOT for everyone!!!
el mejor presidente!!! de EEUU UU
sorry not true people paying more for health care  or not paying their deductibles premiums
drs hate it
what about 200000 people dead on syria?
Mr Obama how can you sleep? I
Thanks RomneyCare!
amen
Please Take A Vacation For The Rest Of Term.. You Just Sold Out America To @HillaryClinton  A #Liar A #Thief #3StrikesSheIsOut
But you told me I was able to keep my doctor. I think you said it about 32 times. What happened?
sorry Mr President. This is the worst thing that happened to our country. I can't make ends meet because of you
that is a total lie.  It is shit
let's be clear, "hope and change" was a big fat lie.
thank you.  You have been a phenomenal President.  VP Biden called a neighbor today. It was an awesome experience to hear him.
only because of him 9 trillion or 19 trillion
Thates why rates are rising? #TrumpPence2016
I'm not sure what part of 'its working' they don't understand?  I forgot 'they don't care!'
lmao!
Obama wants it for you. Kennedy wanted it for you. I want it for you
yes it is
has made me change doctors, even meds are not approved, the cost is going up every year. Jan. 1 I will have to drop it - COST
please, Resolva logo essa questão de caça nessa temporada
nós agradecemos desde já sua atenção Que Deus esteja sempre com o Sr abencoando-o sempre é sua família linda
It's not helping me and my children, I wish it would help us almost bankrupting me, 1023.00 per month
for sure
I'm a Hispanic small business owner. For the first time in 20 yrs, I'm uninsured. A friend died last week as a result. Terrible
Obama Care is killing the working class!
Yes Land of Lincoln health and the other failed exchanges must make you proud.
Hear me Obama..my rate went up 300%. How is that helping ?
it helped me when i needed it!!  Thank you so much!!!
Obamacare is greater awesome wonderful position amazing strong truth and help American people thank you
Your better believe it! The very nay-sayers won't admit that they or their children directly benefit! Bravo and Prayers @POTUS
no its not
Mr Obama how can you sleep?
Quit lying to yourself!
yanlız amblemi bizim Başkandan çalmışsınız bak olmuyo böyle @SeyyarKapakci
Thanks #ObamaCare it cost my fam of 3, self-emp $1500/month with $5000 deduct each. #aca #notaffordable #statistic #lies #dnc
; Community Bullies on Pacific Ave. The Union! My bad, my fault, Bully or Bum?
#NiceTry #KeepYourDoc? #LowerPremiums? #NOT
love Obama Care
nice propaganda!
OK, but I need your help
yes they buy more expensive health care that covers less and with fewer doctors
yeah cause that is what happens when you force someone to buy something. They all do. #obamacaresucks #obamatyrant
Obama done  his best?
And in NC PEOPLE CANT AFFORD IT ,PAT THE RAT MCCORY DID NOT SIGN ON ! SO SCREWED
id the best of obama
I just respecting you "President Obama"only !!!
YEAH YOU ! ,  http://easycolorexpress.com 
Don't say Goodbye the White House
But what about the sky-high and rising premiums and co-pays??
delusional as ever. Hallmark of your 8 years.
I'm very thankful for ACA w/o it I wouldn't have insurance. Fortunately I am very healthy at age 62, but it can change in a sec
obama care does not wrk 4me it's expensive &it doesnt take my doctor i go for 26 yrs so im depressed lost foreclosure &health
Thank you!
not true   many   loopholes   but what about the illegal  immigrants, do not have  insurance
not true
yes it is! 
bc of #Obamacare I didn't have shop for maternity care. I mean shouldn't people be able to afford to start a family?
If you could be President again I would definitely vote for u again I will miss u 
I know you're ready to have your life back. Especially with the opposition of fools. Open your own country so I can move in...?
Let's b clear! It was forced on ppl who can't afford it & it isn't working! More lies from our fearless cheater!
I make about 26k a year.  Too much for help and not enough to afford it.  There is the problem.
EXAMPLE A REAL RESPONSIBLE LEADER

CREATE REAL PEACE

LET ALL PEOPLE 
CAN
CONCENTRATE WORK
LIVE PEACEFULLY TO WORK
KEEP TRUTH
For who. The 4 million lazy asses who refuse to work. The rest of us got screwed in higher premiums, shitty coverage.... BS
bullshit one of the biggest Health care companies United Health Care dropped out of Obama care they lost a billion dollars!!!!
yes v r clear. Ur exit is near. Once so dear. U only mongered fear. U failed us all dear. O dear
it hasn't helped me.
really?!?
let's be clear. Your crap for legislation has cost me thousands and my company tens of thousands! My coverage is garbage!
And Putting MILLIONS OF SICK BABY BOOMER WHO LOST THEIR JOBS DURING THE WORST RECESSION IN THE STREETS.
Yep...
With No Jobs, Unable to be hired do to "Obamacare", No Social Security Disability and running out of Money
Yep
thank you for it. Thank you for getting rid of pre existing conditions. You have made a difference in lives you have never met.
@ARTCRONE It helped the wife and me retire. When I had back surgery complications I was able to go at 62. Thanks #Obamacare
let's just get from the donkey's ass Ben Rhodes that are clear it up
still 33% of American's uninsured, those that were covered kicked off there plan to
must see docudrama Dinesh D'Souza Hillary's America
Stop pledging American taxpayers money to Africas over population! http://news.trust.org/item/20160726173509-5mkm4 …
our health care is all messed up, I mean literally
NOT
O senhor na minha opinião, vai ficar na história dos USA, como o melhor presidente que governou os USA.
, thank you, my president!  
x fabor ayudeme  estamos en bancarrota y no tenomos para pagar mi casa  ,tenemos 1995. Viviendo aki y no keremos perderla .
Thank you Mr. President!!!
#Facts I love it.....
wrong I've lost my insurace........you suck obama.....
false
But the law has done nothing to prevent an asteroid from hitting Earth. Impressive accomplishments nonetheless!!
not in Texas
who are you trying to convince US or You??
and it's screwing twice as many!!!
i went poor because of obamacare because i was forced to pay it fuck this bitch ass health care 
jk plz dont start tracking my computer so you dont find me and arrest me plz plz plz plz plz!!!!!!!!!! 
except 30million poor people
how STUPID DO YOU THINK AMERICANS ARE??!!  Oh wait 
Lets be clearer. You are done, a failed 2 term loser.Get lost Lame Duck,take your writers who will hide this Tweet and run away
because of Obama care I was able to retire, no help from the greedy insurers that raised prices currently.
I'm so grateful for what you have made available to me and my family! I just wanted to say Thank you!
helped me and saved my friend's life, thank you
@ty4e87 I love this tweet. It's like "please let me save you money and be healthier" yet so many still object!! 
leave the office, you re incompetent
and insurance rates are set to skyrocket,  most jobs have been part time and 90 million people are out of or under employed!
#Obamacare  mentions how important Healthcare Insurance is in UnitedStates Of America @Hot1rose deals with medical insurance...
IS DEAR PRESIDENT,REALLY WENT ONE OF YOURS MORE WONDERFUL JOB,MY PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA II,THE FIRST GREAT OF THE MODERN WORLD.
what planet do you live on
No it's not!
no it's not!!!
u raised r premiums & we have less coverage. AND a lot of drs. won't accept plans off ACA site. Ins. Co's R getting out of ACA.
I call bullshit !
Yeah for those who don't have to pay for it!!!!
