@stiNgo100 GOP lawmakers won't lift a finger as long as Obama is our POTUS. They're bigots. @Reince @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Yes & she's gonna win in Nov. ha ha ha.
Yeah, think whatever you want, Trumpbots will be traunch in Nov, hon.
Really, love you're not making any sense now. Get off that flask.
Deplorable Dumb Donald keep reading words that he don't know what they mean
So true, so true
@harwong
Mr President it a game to win at all cost for Mitch and his thugs,we have save whitehouse in Nov.
so have you taken the advice of the Senate yet?  Or just attempting to ramrod your agenda again?  #ReadTheWholeThing
Deployable dumb Donald read words he don't know what they mean
Time to do yours instead of ignoring election fraud.
Welcome
Mr President you have now joined the wall of voters we are building to stop Donald Trump
the true words in the right time
if they did their jobs Barack and Killary would be in jail
that true
We love you, Mr. President!
The American people are still waiting for you to do your job and enforce current drug laws and immigration laws.
deductibles are crazy high.
fire them all.  If any American produced as little thier would be massive layoffs.  Work together or go home.
don't stand on one leg waiting. No action for eight years. Why change now? Vote blue!
we've been waiting eight years for your promises
LOL, nice try...#YouAreAJoke
No, we're waiting for your term to end.
why break at all? None of us gets the amount of recess they get.
Work for what? Your liberal ideas? Your progressive tax proposals? Your regulations?  GO PLAY GOLF. We'll all be better off.
Amen
yep
we are waiting in Nigeria to a good leadership like in United States and other great countries around the world
If only...
THE SUPREME COURT IS A JOKE & JUST AS CORRUPT AS THIS ADMINISTRATION. WAKE UP AMERICAN CITIZENS. OBAMA IS JUST AN ACTIVIST !!
All the more to change senate rules or this stalemate game will continue into the future
cannot imagine public being happy with this nonperformance
actually most of us are just waiting for November the 8th.
NIMBY keep your dirty little hands off that Supreme Court POTUS
all d best
why these Senator Leaders get pay when they don't their job. If I don't do my job I can be fired.
l say, send in the U.S. Marshals.  Arrest the Senate and their leaders if they don't do there constitutional duty.
Hi,  I agree your mention necessary  in capitalism.
Sir they say blacks are lazy but republican house and senate has done nothing for America for almost 8 years
Not going to happen, Mr. President. Beltway politicians will lay low until after the Nov Election.
practice what you preach. "Get back to work", 4 words you don't even know the meaning of.
I am an American and I am not waiting for a Supreme Court nominee. Only politicians care about a nominee.
Senate is sitting on their rear ends doing nothing and still getting a check????  Fire them all.
http://csl.ink/12T 

profitable site for every one..... easy to understand
“Democracy”… the road to chaos:
yes it is time for are Senate leaders to get to work, but I fear nothing good will come out of it if Trump becomes president
Why do you feel the need to do your job now ???
#BOSS
I admire you so much!! It is your right to get a supreme court judge approved! You are our leader for the next 4 months.
Republicans are too cowardly to hold hearings. What's new?
where's the $6.5 trillion the pentagon lost?
This is unacceptable behavior, we the people should protest by writing and calling our Senators & Congress.
no we aren't.  No more leftists on the court.
good
forza,obama
hi
#NoDAPL Support Standing Rock #NativeAmerican
They would be now if you would put your pen down.U have committed Treason against America. U created BLM, ISIS,+ brought to US
time to get rid of them
Not so fast.  We are waiting to see who the next president will be.
Isn't it just easier to get a paycheck for doing nothing? This is why the Govt sucks.
; hey soon to be X Presedent, clam up we're tired of your dribble.
http://occupydemocrats.com/2016/09/08/breaking-north-dakota-calls-national-guard-squash-sioux-pipeline-protest/ …  So do your job and call off DAPL
DO SOMETHING ABOUT DAPL! THE GOVT HAS SHIT ON NATIVES FOR WAY TO LONG. HELP STANDING ROCK AND BLOCK THE PIPELINE!
you are in no position to tell congress to do their job when you haven't done that in almost 8 years. #worstpresidentever
and have a liberal left wing socialist judge on the court forever?  No way
they were elected for that purpose to uphold the Constitution! If not Vote them out of office
the republicans owe it to the people to uphold the Constitution and give us 9 Justices
Go play golf bro
@imagerju 
Excellent! !!
they need to do their jobs, although long overdue!
yeh....back 2 work like the rest of USA lucky enough 2 have a job
it says with the consent of the Senate and they rightfully don't consent.
"Rightfully," based on...
I see
...and its time to stop Fast Track, flush TPP!!
Hopefully they won't all be communists.
get over it.  Ain't gonna happen
Since when do you care about the Senate or Congress?
And now that you are back from Laos and have checked on how the US is addressing Standing Rock, your response? Treaties & all..
The american people are wating for you to get out of office! #teaboy
#DoYourJob
no work, no pay. #DoYourJob
WWJD?  (What would Joe do? He told us when he was in the Senate - the Biden rule)
good luck with that! @GOP don't give a tiddler's twat about rule of law or even behaving honorably. They're n'er do well bozos.
menjadi president di Indonesia sama seperti ketua PBB hal yang mirip kesibukannya
the only thing people are talking bad about you is that→u refuse 2 murder innocent like Putin&bush.
seems simple enough, huh?!?!
it says and with consent, i.e. permission. I needed the consent of my parents before doing something! my kids need my consent!
don't need consent to do what you were hired to do...
if the consitution says the pres. Needs consent, then he does! Otherwise who needs the senate. #dictator
you're right, he does. But they need to do their job. Unprecedented.
absolutely! Balance of powers, not partisan stonewalling!
ummm...ok. It def appears to be the latter.
they have all been fairly unwilling to compromise, republicans don't have executive orders though!
Truth!
Good spank Chief.
that is what USA is known for. Lets talk business.
Barry please stop 
#HillaryForPrison2016
Americans are waiting on you to help with the current issue. Don't let us down!
@POTUS As a Dad Let'sShare w/ Global Village:“Injustice Any Where is Great Threat to Justice Every Where”!
Allâh Knows the Best
Those ideot think that they are brave us as. I guess their so called braveman will be feeding crows today!
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account,remitted back to the United States,
since when have the Senators gone to work? They are like you and take too many vacations! #TrumpTrain
You want to repeal the 2nd Amendment and the Judge you picked is perfect for the job, to bad he will never be appointed!
THIS HAS HAPPENED CONSTANTLY FOR 8 YEARS (+the WORST PART?..I swear ! EVERY GOP Congressman flunked out of LAW SCHOOL
Check out @MoonyBDCdaComp's Tweet:
MOON@BDCdaComp. #NeverlookingBack
@Earlbmusic @ladygaga @clayddirtysouth @BentleyRecords 
@ladygaga 
**** NEW SINGLE BY BDC CUM N GO**** check it out and PLZ SHARE now
do you like companies do,don't pay them unless they work. I'm certain they'll find their big boy and big girl pants then.
why?  So you can sign executive orders and do what you want anyway ? January can't get here soon enough. Bye Felicia. 
@SpeakerRyan Thoughts?
do you have any influence in the senate? Can you get turtle man to do something?
THE CONGRESS REPUBLICAN, NO DENY IN TO disintegrate THE THEIR JOB,  BY A IDEA OF TYRANNY AND INSULTS, THE AMERICANS!
the answer is clear. The american people hate you
Just like the democraps would get right on it if it was a Republican President.
nah... I'll wait until after the election.  I'm not ready for a new Justice quite yet. #slowandsteadywinstherace 
quit crying we waited for 8 years for empty promises and are still waiting
Time for you to look at the Dakota pipeline situation... Honor the treaties... #NoDAPL #WaterIsLife
You may have to wait a little longer Ryan & McConnell still recruiting old run away Nazis to nominate as Justices
Agreed - time to do their job which is what they were elected to do.
the only thing they work on is Hillary!
@SenatorCharles If you capitulate to Obama and @HillaryClinton gets elected such a precedent could be devastating for the US.
@SenatorCharles stand with Mitch. Obama has disrespected congress & the country like @Kaepernick7 disrespects the flag.
You support @Kaepernick7's disrespect of the flag & the republic for which it stands by refusing to acknowledge the impropriety
You forced perversion on the military; tried to force ssm & pervert access to girls on the country, now you want our help?
why do you guys get like 2 months off? Don't really do anything except vote for whoever gives u most $...#WashingtonDC

You were myopic; so busy riding roughshod over congress and the people you got blindsided by Scalia's death.
You can get most of country to sign a petition & sit on the capitol steps & still will not  have the power to bully the senate
Abusing the privilege of executive order to try and circumvent congress was foolish & not without consequence.
Senate leaders, plz help us #keepkratomlegal for vets, chronic illness sufferers, & recovered addicts #kratomsaveslives
Perhaps you would have been less reckless trying ti bypass congress if you had foreseen Scalia's death.
Confirmation hearings are not mandated by the Constitution. It is a senate contrivance governed by "senate rules",
Read it again & again until you get it. "You" must seek advice & consent; the senate doesn't have to give it.
3la sika etofan t7ya llsorsar
Give it a rest Mr. President...you (as well as your SCOTUS nomination) are irrelevant.  #Hurry011717
Ned to fire apt of you, just saying
since 1913, get the lead out
The last 8 yrs the Senate & Congress have allowed their personal dislike 2 override performing the job they were elected 2 do.
@jontester @SteveDaines 

Jon, Steve - I vote and I watch what you do and don't do.
shoul be a long time, or not?
THAAD DEPLOY,OPERRATION AND QUICKLY USE, AND MY COUNTRY,USFK MILITARY BASES SAFELY TO DEFEND
@realDonaldTrump
EURASIA INITIATIVE AND SECRET ECONOMIC UNIFICATION,KIM JONG UN ERA,THE COMMUNIST STATE UNITY NEVER STOP.
@realDonaldTrump
HELLO,PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA "PARK GEUN HYE AND XI JINPING,WITH RUSSIA PUTIN SECRET GO ON,
There should be a law that senators must act on judicial nominees pro or con or get fired for not doing their job.
,you don't matter,lame duck,just play golf and stay out of our lives
It's clear to me. Your choice somehow tips the scales to far one way or another. We disagree with your choice. That's democracy
is freedom
depressing that President can't just sort this out himself!
they are obviously smarter than you Barry
@RealMuckmaker And Ryan / McConnell Refuse to do their job ! Let's throw them out of Office People !
You take the pay so do the work you bums
do your damn job.
I need to get off the pot and do something for a change sorry ass people Congress and the Senate
We will miss you Mr President. Really worry about Who is coming next.
you are great sir
simple answer. The American constitution is in the hands of mean spirited second rate Congress. The country's ungovernable.
both "shall"s apply to the president, not the senate. They've given their advice: wait until after the inauguration.
#Quran
Quran is my life
- We need to fire the Republicans for their stubborn illegal and obnoxious withholding the American constitutional instruction.
The Senate did its job. They said "NO" It's time for you to get to work & nominate someone worth confirming. #NoHearingsNoVotes
nice section.
good for anybody .-  Only the ignorants THEY DONT WANT TO UNDERSTAND  !!!!!   Prof   @MarioMangaia
people.- They want the best for everybody. not ONLY for the white`s - Black`s  or  Green`s .-  Love rather  hate .-  The sun is
When your ass is out of the White House they will act.
wish u could have a the is term
