What's wrong with the country is people like you trying to use the people for personal gain. Liars!
Since when is Russia our ally? I am surprised. I got your attention. Good luck on the campaign.
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
How did Richard Branson's cock taste on his island?
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
They did? Not in my state
اخوك.شيطن
You greatman sir I'm ibraheem Pathan india
so did the price of rent and food.
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
This is MEDIAN incomes.  Why don't you show the AVERAGE which has plummeted under your leadership.
the average has grown even more because of the top 1% got so much more money.


@TusharI40879422
Bye

That's the best policy of a great leader
Unlike the agenda @realDonaldTrump is pushing.
We really miss you. *sigh*
POTUS Trump generated more jobs then you did in 8yrs just in few months.
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982723421326004224 … 3836
Are you Viking lovers ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/cy7tde 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/cy7tde 
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time
…
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Ok barack  Obama
موس
SAY THAT AGAIN.....L.Y.P.B.O.
كلاب
Good
people at the top got there by working hard i wasn't born rich had a single mother who raised us after years, i'm successful, y is that bad?
http://apple.co/2nHgbDO   #SignOfTheTimes  #Scandal  #AmorESexo  #Vertigo2017 #Riverdale
#SomethingDifferentOutNow
.   Sis
liar liar pants on fire!!!
tôi tiếc la ông không lam tông thông cua nuoc mi nữa
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html?m=1 …
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/how-to-prevent-facebook-friends-to-tag.html …
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/auto-delete-your-facebook-account-after.html?m=1 …
no raise for my family n I , n we are highly educated professionals. Our bronze plans cover nothing, high deductible
Talk about waging a class warfare!
MORE LIES FAKE NEWS
you can provide jobs but $10.hr pay is poverty, living it, hell, watching ur kid live it, worse
the problem is not having a top but a bottom, the alternative is crab mentality which means equality in misery
last time deplorables will see this, it is all downhill come tommorow
your Tweet was quoted by @mashable

Jiang zemin watching live broadcasting from tiananmen
You have NO idea how to build an economy but Trump does. Thank you, Jesus!
গ
what world are you living in
UR one preexisting condition we are very glad to get rid of.
That is what happens when we know you are leaving..its hope! We are good with a black President. We got a N. president. no caps
ph yeah let us talk about that U - 6 number barak ...
I just wish that both side could come together and agree.
Eric protein Moseley
Belle réussite Président Obama!
Government jobs?
@Obama_BigFans @voxdotcom Americans know what you accomplished and I'm so glad  to have been alive to see it ! Grandchildren 2
That is it
Hubby hasn't had raise in 15yrs! Only 1 w/college degree or veteran supporting disabled wife Say if u bring in union will close
Maybe US wages up,
But paper money,
Fed notes devaluing
Make more Fed notes but worth less
A wash or less 
- jd USAF
Thank you Mr. President. Please liberate Oscar! I wish we can have 4 more Obama years.
go away
this is another lie from you. These stats are just to fake to help HiLIARy
raise wages just enough to pay for their crap Obamacare 
I guess that's what happens when you raise minimum wage for free-loaders
(2/2)

Monetary base describes this so stfu. Better lock down the internet as soon as you can, too much truth 4 u!
(1/2)

Need to come up with better lies than that.

"Earnings" go up because of inflation...
You better say it, Mr. President!
higher pay--except for teachers.....(I still love you, Obama it's not your fault),
Yes, this is what happens when you... Oh wait. 
Nope, that's the correct employed % of population image alright.
You used a VOX image?
Odd.

I use a government link for the image.
http://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS12300000 …
Is that not a good source?

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do.freezing account,remitted back to the United States,
: And you would know this because someone knew spreadsheets & sent you this one?
Liberals please please swallow the truth pill!!!!!!
You #ROCK #PresidentObama
Instead of posting the wages, you should post the Fredstat that shows real income. We have less buying power today than in 2008
America is still great. Thanks Mr President
Show the average, not the median.  And with ACA premiums up 22%, higher wages are cancelled out.  You are a liar.
#StandingRock
it high enough! Been to the grocery store lately?
Who's wages hit an all time high?  Almost all jobs are low wage jobs.  You're in a deep bubble. Vox is a joke.
This is what we show when we are not truthful
really? Wages all time high? That is a blatant lie.
is this a JOKE??? ....
please do something about south Dakota. This is scared ground we must stand up for the Indians land.
Esto es lo que sucede cuando nos centramos en la construcción de una economía que funcione para todos, no sólo los  superiores
No understanding of economics AT ALL. If one STARTS low and keeps getting raises, MENTORING, PRODUCING, all good, but we're NOT
great job
.buenos dias barackObama te saluda un ex militar de la octava zona militar.has que no se arme la guerra porfis
This great news MUST be proclaimed on tops of all American mountains by the American media! Only Trump will say it is #rigged.
ok ,if u can't manage ur money @8.00 an hour then u can't manage it at $15.00. Now we have to increase our prices!

wow I guess the poor aren't getting poorer like the media keeps telling us.
What is the inflationary rate?  Why do you continue to lie??  Not come from you is worth snail shit.
top?
Thank you, Mr. President! Well done!!
after 20 mos job searching I had 2 take job paying 12K less than job I was laid off from tell me how is that larger?
u know more about the #kardashians than #MakeAmericaGreat again! Look at their sneaker collection? Would take me 3yrs2save4 1pr
what about the real percentage of America that is unemployed. Ui ins. Doesn't tell you it's dropped because benefits ran out

WORK FOR EVERYONE WHAT A COCK OF LIESSSSSSS
you plan is not helping
you are full of credo and so pot of touch.  You support a criminal and #congenital liar you failed us all.
Even your own confidants say the economy is a bad (wikiemails). the wealth gap is largest in reported History. u doubled debt
Sorry but not true remember ppl Liars figure and figures lie so when economy tanks again in a few months u knew!
Focus on getting ahold of those emails playa!! #NotMyPOTUS
you are a liar! No one believes your bullshit!! #GTFO of our house
Obama......you're kidding,  right?
wrong
This is obviously bs
your so full of http://it.lol 
#Countdown to #JUSTICE 
NOV.8 #LANDSLIDE 
VICTORY FOR 
JUSTICE FOR HER PEOPLE
haven't had a raise in 10yrs asked for one and was told "I can hire an illegal cheaper, it's your choice"
That report may even be behind the real stats. I know our business  had to increase  wages way ahead of the minimum.

http://www.forecastcapitalmarkets.com 
Hi and thank you for some good years here from Europe. The whole of Europe and most of the world are very afraid of Trump :-(
Petroleum & electricity popularized to create centralized economy.
HAPPAY 
DEEPAWALI 
WISHES
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2016/03/14/1500973/-Obama-2008-Campaign-Ad-Hillary-Clinton-She-ll-say-anything-and-change-nothing …   - -   She’ll sy anthing
Obama 2008 Campaign Ad called hillary out yet they're buddies
Actions speak louder than WORDS, @atensnut was raped by BILL CLINTON, yet these EVIL PEOPLE SUPPORT HIM AND SICK HILLARY!
Mr. President. Thank you for being a President for the people!! Thank you for caring about us as a whole. #respect
if the foundation indeed is as strong as you think, then what you say may be.
Yes the economy is making meek wimpy attempt at recovery but it is in spite of what you have done to business.
go take a vacation
LOOK AT WHAT HAPPENING IN NORTH DAKOTA, THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS, THE NATIVE AMERICAN HAVE TREATIES &THEY BROKE THEM, STOP THIS NOW!
PRESIDENT OBAMA:WE NEED& EXECUTIVE ORDER TO RECLASSIFY MARIJUANA FROM A SCHEDULE 1 DRUG IT WOULD HELP  A LOT OF PEOPLE GET JOBS
The government can't change it yet, they haven't figured out how to federally tax it.
@BarackObamaOBAMA,BUSH & CLINTON OWE IT TO THE YOUNG MEN.WHO CAN'T GET A JOB TODAY BECAUSE OF MARIJUANA TESTING,YES HE CAN DO IT!
It's the money, Colorado figured it out, wait until the country of California figures out the tax benefits
what happens when you ignore our indigenous water protectors - no water no economy #nodapl
sigh, those stats are flawed.
And every cent of that increase will be paid directly to the health insurance industry #ACA #ObamacareFail
too little to late POTUS
Be ye not afraid of you, President Obama will lead us we have learned a lot from you
I want to documentation in citizenship's America, please who known this, tell me ...!!!!!
sos Venezuela


but you're only focused on the top. So perhaps this is coincidence?
@CNN @MSNBC @ABC @CBSNews @FoxNews Great News worth reporting.
Just think how much more you could give workers if you stopped spending so much money invading countries like Syria. You JOKE!
Freemason News .Most Dangerous Roads Blindsided Blindspots are Features added Near Churches. U have to Kill and trap a Human
Did U Know Before U arrive to the Carter Museum.Roads around it cause blind spots.Go towards the Star of Carter be Blindsided
Family killed while away on Vacation I Bet U thats secret is Hidden in the  .  Carter Foundation.Old Freemasons made money offU
VOX?? REALLY?? LMAO!!
Did you #StopTheGenocide? You say your Christian, did you try to #StopChristianGenocide? You Never Helped. You didn't Care
the USA was once the only nation who were willing to fight for a noble reason in a country separated by an ocean
