you out here talking about nature in it cops killing black men,what the hell going on in your head
你怎么可以这么帅
now what will Barack do what are soldiers in Turkey
you sir are a threat to everything. Praise God you'll be gone by the end of the year
he's more worried about climate change than he is ISIS
CLIMATE CHANGE MY ASS....CALL IT WHAT IT REALLY IS "REDISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH"
I like you from my heart
Once upon a time I believed Barack Hussein Osama.

I believe no more.

#Trump2016 

#HillaryForPrison
Enviro-friendly “TO THE MAX”  http://exactcolors.com 
numb nuts climate change is a naturally occurring thing. How the fuck do you think the great Lakes were formed.
The title of this video is "second of the attack on Pearl Harbor."
OBAMA HIMSELF IS A THREAT TO NATURE
Please Mr. President do the math direct efforts where they will work
Restoring ocean plants restores cooling clouds, 5% more clouds solves entire CO2 crisis http://goo.gl/zGshl1  
great!
HRC got it right Obama is clueless.
Please watch this video.
Great sir
.@BarackObama @NatGeo Thanks, FYI perils of burning #biomass ,plastics etc   http://tinyurl.com/qg6bpfn  #climateAction
v shud take ecosystem balance seriously...
the prestigious interview with Sir Obama in National Park. It will give the message for preservation of climate change.
Threat on climate must stop and forest are the basic look for the people to get tranquility, peace and affection..
I thank you for your stance on this matter, but how do you reconcile that with your support for TIPP?
sir looking great
"This is important stuff...this isn't a reality show!" ~ Obama.

Such a hypocrite...the most thirsty pres ever.
Good morning sir.
, really this is problem, much cold in Brasil.
@BarackObama
@BarackObama @NatGeo
Go clean up your city without secret service. You won't last an hour @POTUS
@ all is free give me this dad..why i poor..them?
@thanks dad...happy fathers day..love u..and urs all..khaid.
nice
( you concder the lees bad of oll the presedants oll live of americaoll moslims be afried from the next presedant. thank
Talk alone is not enough in this area, there must be scientific solutions in this yes. There is the idea
There should be an interview with him on his Islamic Faith and how he is trying to convert our country to Islam.
THE BIGGEST THREAT TO THE PLANET IS OBAMA.
WHO GIVES A SHIT WHAT HE THINKS
let's #keepitintheground @350
@BarackObama @NatGeo
..Hello ..logiquement. .
Chicago recorded its 300th homicide this weekend
CLIMATE CHANGE IS A PRODUCT OF EZEKIEL 22:23-31..A DECEPTIVE LIE TO LEGALLY ROB THE MASSES.GENESIS 8:22..LYING THIEF
Climate change is real, and must be taken seriously!
Obama is not mother nature and can to nothing with climate change we know he thinks he is a god but have news for him
将礼物送给我挚爱的黑人朋友---奥巴马先生
is it the same as the climate change of the 70's? I think that one was cooling, and flipping to warming
I can not. Read. Now.
thanks mr president Obama!!
doing a great job, good job
LIAR,DECEIVER..THE GREATEST THREAT TO THIS EARTH AGE,IS 180LB. HAILSTONES.EZEKIEL 13:13-16.
In an effort to draw attention away from Islamic Terror, Obama will edit the Orlando 9-11 call to blame Global Warming.
what a truly dangerous man
The biggest threat is you Mr Muslim in chief.
beautiful picture. Mr president
한국의 근혜누님이 오판한 것이라 세계평화를 위해서 북한의 제재를 풀어주세요.위대한 민주제도로
3교대 대통령제면 남북이 평화롭게 지낼수 있을 것입니다.
opioid epidemic is EASY to fix make it a Medicare Core measure to reduce narc rx's from Emergency departments.
북한의 핵무기는 3교대대통령을하고 평화 대통령제가 되면 쓸일이 없으니 남한의 추다르크가 대표가 되는게 중요해요.미국계 한국인은 추다르크를 지원바랍니다.추다르크는 추미애 의원입니다.평화적으로 해결이되는게고생할필요없어
The biggest threat to nature is overpopulation, the elephant in the room we never talk about.
Sir you always on the grind, I hope you continue to be an active citizen.
no thanks!
we Kenyans we're voting Hilary we no why
Muslims killing people and Obama working g on weather.
That was very [omitted]. I think [omitted] and [omitted] were [omitted] about [omitted].
love the background
Hi my father am Elias
As long as construction mania exists destruction too persists
if he cared about climate change he would have endorsed the candidate who is firmly against fracking.  #BernieOrBust
yes, #love #park. 
baby
@ArtemisPrime420
tell everyone to recycle
It's unlikely those White  feminists could have trick Bill Clinton into unleashing his hip hop angels against the wrong
When did Global Warming become Climate Change? I see what you did there.
Since Clinton who is  the beast of Revelation  13 or son of Lucifer  knew Andre Himes future on the day he was born

они все изменяют ....под себя .....и не только климат ...(
he should be so obsessed about terrorism as he is about climate change
Климат в мире изменяет Америка
bring Christianity back in the White House, along with American History u support criminals not Freedom Iran perfect example.
there's a time 4 that its not now! START working 4 the American people's Freedom,quit selling US out 2foreign countries
PLOT TWIST: Obama blames himself. Full story at eleven.
nice Mr. President.
what a surprise..our 1st reality show President doing more hard interviews.  How will you stay out of the spotlight?
American should embrace national parks, symbols of planet’s beauty/history—protect them from ravages of climate change,
askim obisim
Check this out @micahchallenge @fileta: @BarackObama @NatGeo did a national parks interview on #climatechange
#سلام
Hey @POTUS stop putting on America a burden your friends don't wanna carry.
@NatGee damn shame you tried to approve Arctic drilling though, but when your owned by corporations your owned by corporations
Climate change is happening, humans are causing it, and I think this is perhaps the most serious environmental issue facing us
@BarackObama @NatGeo
;.      BOOOOO.........is all I have to say about this!
Watch out for those drop bears.
more effort on climate we are all responsible for dis situation
does Obama run his own Twitter
wow!
No disprespect, POTUS, but Presidents only do this kind of stuff when they are about to leave and nothing ever happens.
nice  sir
save yazidis
Created&armed ISIS.Used Iraq to avoid Congress restrictions. Enemy intimidated US Muslims by Saudi gangsters,hunting us
you elected Maliki at Iraq twice the strong pro irani man and now Iran have nothing to do all you make easy for them
Yes we can
THE EARTH IS JUST FINE AND WILL BE FOR MANY YEARS
Iran controlling Iraq they get new brothers Russia Iraq Iran Syria new alliance against you soon game wil b against you
santa perez
green world
BIG   BROTHERS. ....HONEY  ...NOT HONEY
YOU   NEAR  
Leadership of class even when most of the presidencies become lame duck he is leading on all fronts
1million dollar
我居然提前在这里回复了
very good

good
