Obamacare is an EPIC FAILURE by an Incompident POTUS!  President Trump will fix his Many mistakes!
mass adopt the cash model for health care....everything is done in the thousands when  it needs to be done in the 20s.
that happens when you get rid of health insurance and rely on the free market. You're speaking Libertarian.
and thats not libertarian, thats country get er done...so moot bro, dont throw typical political lingo at me
Obamacare is a failure. get out of your unicorn and rainbow land
When did I say Obama Care WAS A SUCCESS? kthx bye
so much for republicans wanting to help the working class
any plan would be better than your plan that cost me and my family health insurance
It's gone when Trump becomes president.
How can we afford to build when insurance companies are asking for a 60% INCREASE in premiums over the current increases?
.@BarackObama 

OBAMA ADMITS HE IS SCARED THEY WILL TAKE IT AWAY.

Good.

I like his fear.

It is delicious.

Sob and wail, cucklet.
Obama is not scared for himself , but for Americans. People with preexisting conditions, young adults.
the simplest solution is usually the best. He wanted single payer system/legacy in the ground work of it
many tried that and failed, not  all democrats support single payer. Better having 20 mil insured
the ACA was the ground work towards a single payer system. They all fail in the long run.
Obama care is a good jumping off point for true reform - he never said it'd happen all @ once
يس يا حبيبي
Obama needs to STOP Dictating HOW Republicians are to Think. We Got this! Vote Trump 2016
#PaulRyan is a failure with no real plan for America @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @GOP
did you just co-sign his tweet or do you do research on people before you comment?
.@BarackObama It was time 2 go 4 universal healthcare when you had Dem majority instead you invited Insurance Cos & big pharma to write it
.@BarackObama check with working poor ACA is not so affordable & wait til 2017 Hope u get a good spot thru the revolving door .@D_Anon1969
.@BarackObama .@D_Anon1969 if not don't worry HRC and/or CFI will CYA .@TheDemocrats
Repeal Obamacare it's a disaster
Trump can't run a positive convention, how can Trump run the country. How?
sorry Bo but Obamacare sucks. The majority of Americans tried to tell u that, years ago, but u ignored us. Now we will scrap it
is this like negative
what kind of art is that?
as: art is to life
life is 2...
1
take off.
SAID THE SPIDER TO THE FLY...
C
Admit it BO, Obamacare is a failure
If #Obamacare and #ClimateChange fight could survive after Obama Age it could be enough heritage for the entire world.
Like You took Millions away from Social Security for a Failed Obamacare.Now U look for solutions? #Stupid president
every pt who walks into my office says how horrible the "marketplace " healthcare coverage is, it was supposed to be better.
€€iuy
its really working out well
you rock!!!
— @TheDemocrats @POTUS @VP @HillaryClinton @CNN -- VOTE DEMOCRAT USA!
dieu le tout puissant et le peuple du monde vous aime monsieur Obama
— @TheDemocrats @POTUS @HillaryClinton -- VOTE DEMOCRAT USA!
@VP @HillaryClinton -- VOTE DEMOCRAT USA!
@CNN -- VOTE DEMOCRAT USA!
We agree! , http://easycolorexpress.com 
Keep up the terrible work!!!
- US exports to North Korea in 2014 were $24 +/- million. https://www.census.gov/foreign-trade/balance/c5790.html …
thank you for having the courage to give America some sort of change to build on! Bravo!
get rid of it.
Healthcare is important but so is healthy living and choices. Prevent poor health rather than seek healing
Ryan probably borrowed his plan from Gov. Terry Bumstad of Iowa who has pretty much managed to destroy healthcare in our state!
is it true that Trump's wife has family members working for the Russia gov
it's sad because if Obamacare is threatened what do people think will happen to Medicare and Medicaid
滚你和智障
like fixing the unnecessary tax penalty?
My biggest problem with the program are the people who pay nothing, and use the ER as a regular doctor. That should end.
NOT . Did you tell them about the Nov surprise ? Thought not.
help m with school fees
funny cause everyone was saying Obama's health care plan would be a nightmare. And it's screwed a lot of people.
YEAH YOU ! ,  http://easycolorexpress.com 
Mr. President I owe my life to Obama care. Thank you for all you have done!
GOP health care plan is; "just don't get sick".
Don't worry Hillary will build on it....the haters will be put to shame....
they are jealous of or progress y they want to take it away....
i know that's right tonight i watched the  convention of dem all speakers r in favor of ahca
help
will miss your leadership. Best president and first lady ever. Go Hillary!
#enlightenment #enlightenmentmovement
obama care I'd a total disaster, much like the last 8 years
@BarackObama
today's Republicans seem to be anti progress..... that's worrying.
best president ever
Here's a serious solution to #Obamacare @BarackObama @POTUS @WhiteHouse >>>> #RepealObamacare <<<<
you make me want to be a better person.  Thank you!!!
hey it's Billie Jean is that Donald Trump see I thought you wanted Hillary Clinton to win love Billie Jean
we need to cap insurance companies from raising employee premiums w/high deductibles due 2 ACA. This is a huge problem.
I am going to miss you my king 
HafiZ makes me happy
Best president ever. Don't leave me! Hugs to Michele!
so sad to see you go. SNIFF! Luv you so much. Hugs to Michele
should have got the insurance companys out of the middle of it. They make Billions while the middle class disappeared.
pretty sure #Hamilton said it best "but they don't have a plan, they just hate mine." @Lin_Manuel
I agree!! Healthcare is a RIGHT for all Americans. We need Single Payer health care. Hillary?
Let's start by putting you, your wife, and your daughters on the Obamacare plan. If you aren't going to do that, shut up.
Republicans have been wasting tax payor money for 8 years, they collectively owe this country lots of money
i love you Barack!!! Great speech at DNC
Sir, with all do respect it raised my taxes and basically nullified the small raise I get every year, so please fix it.
Yes Mr.President it is time. No more waiting.Our children deserve better.
what exactly is "progressive" about obamacare?
Amen to that!!!
ok
no thanks
I'm with you man
we gonna miss you at this house hold
universal healthcare
I totally agree
take it away !,your solution was for the working class to pay for the non working. Mine increased 300 percent
great job Mr. President!! God Bless you!!
great
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
Been so busy trashing your sock puppet Hillary. I almost forgot about the Narcissist in Chief Obama
.
Ryan is light on everything.
You need not fear Mr President. This, like all you did will speak for themselves in due course: Garbage in, garbage out. See?
yes Mr. President you was great at the dnc 
The new higher premiums and deductibles are sure to be an October surprise!
We need universal healthcare ! (miss you already)
“}\/{ÄïÑê√1s“.Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ.381sLuV'N"
#tGi_tHuMp_Nz_tHuRs_dE£zA #wEViEw 
Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄ƷoN][mY~P®EŞīĐêŊŧ~`ßÔ"rOQk]\[
wEs “wEz~'9"&`6"~]
Paul Ryan is no better than the Trumps terms!!! They are doing it just to get a conservative in the Supreme Court!
you failed in achieving 2 state solution Just played with words but no actions History will remember you as failure
We had the best healthcare in the world,then you came along and destroyed it with Obamacare.Thats anti-progress Obama!
Mr. president letter written to u self add. Stamped env. But pictures not returned from (douglas) titusville fl.. plz return
a disaster 4 the average American. Premiums have gone up where u cant afford & the penalized 4 not carrying it on ur taxes.
absolutely, it is here to stay.
wow I'm surprised there Ryan is actually admitting that  progress was made because they got blindfolds on they couldn't see any
Barack is my president, LOVE44
Now We See... Why Supporting @HillaryClinton ... Sounds Staying In Business......
@realDonaldTrump For God Sake.. Don't Work For TrumpCare.. Instead Work For #AmericaCare ;-)
true that. I really enjoyed the Democratic convention last night.
: MARSHELLOW BRINS DONALD,MIKE,CHRISTIE,MANNFORT,McCONNELL,
PAUL RYAN,TREY GOWDY! BE CHARGED WITH 
ESPIONAGE AND TREASON.
I love you man. You will be missed. Please give light to all your accomplishment on local channels and ads not just C-SPAN.
I am so proud to call you my president.... thank you for protecting us and loving this country
please go trump
omg its Obama
smoke and mirrors Mr. President. It's a distraction which is why the other party has 0 real answers to straight questions.
@BarackObama
those that are the working class need it!
are you suggesting some type of sicnness because so fare I participated on societty's and my fammily's issues,
my self, I am health and my name is Monney, listen to this...
Give the insurance co's $20 trillion so they can keep Obamacare going otherwise all will drop as is money losing prop
@BarackObama
we need to get back to the days when both parties actually worked together to better America and not tear each other apart.
Türkiye yi karıştırmaktan vazgeçin.
and.....How much will that cost me?
no creativity in copying and opposition to even the already working policy..  not worth it.
no creativity in copying,  opposing the already working policy..  not worth it.
yep more expensive less service. A big winner. It needs to go away.
why hadn't you not aim for Universal health care instead like Canada sir? Why had those big pharmaceutical companies have it? 
God bless you Mr. President! You will be sorely missed. Thank you for all you have done for us, especially last night's speech!
Mr. President he needs to go. @SpeakerRyan and his POTUS candidate are a danger to our nation.
thank you for CARING!!
you know when you give an idea and the republicans hate you for it, but they say the same thing and its like the second coming
GREATNESS Good Job Commander
@skookerG Be afraid be very afraid
you are breath of fresh air
Will have to get out and vote just like we did for Barack in order to keep health care coverage for everyone.
OBAMA PROMISED TO LABEL GMOS
  @POTUS #vetoDARKact! You promised to label GMOs! S.764's QR codes are NOT labels!
I am sitting here with a dear friend who is battling cancer, and had it not been for Obamacare, she wouldn't have been treated
you can keep your doctor
I agree, it's better and more cost efficient to have preventive care, than to have uninsured people going to the ER!
@barackobama44 u will surely be missed!
@SpeakerRyan Hate to say it, but he's right. Where's the Beef?
exactly! if its taken away can you imagine the millions of people who will be back in the same situation b4 it was implemented?
@OFA sizin oğlanlar bu kez Türkiye de başaramadılar 1980 yılında ki gibi.
