if all things being equal, this sir is your greatest accomplishment. Thank you for the beauty. 
Or is it just a government land grab?
Better that than in the hands of selfish individuals! We use these lands to hike in! Nature is beautiful!
The US does not own most of it.  Research World Heritage UNESCO.  We are giving it away.
Perfect! (And btw, that's not how UNESCO works!) We don't "give" land away. XD
http://www.crossroad.to/text/articles/whpwans97.html …. Read, please.  Property is taken from private citizens as well.
Perfect! More land for us hikers to use, untrammeled by private landowners! :D :D :D
So, nobody should own land unless it is useless?! That makes zero sense!!
and this tweeting in the third person is so cocky
If it's from POTUS it's signed -bo. But it's not. The tweet is from OAS for POTUS...Reading is an ART,right ?
The art of reading is much like the art of watching television in that it is living in the minds of others.
this isn't going to end well. Stay perspicacious
your dog is edible
Claims to protect land then takes a picture of himself walking on it.  Sad.  Loser.  Hope he doesn't decide to protect kittens
Thats libel.  Gonna sue.  Expect to hear from my attorney.
Thank you for your support!  Together you and I will make America great again!  Post nudes
سلام
@Yombe so all that MONSANTO  GLYPHOSATE poisoning our water is perfectly acceptable ??
great mr president
God bless you for caring abt USA!
wuuuuuu
you are great.

one .can change the world.
to bad we couldn't had the oil pipeline in Canada so we could be independent from the scum in middle east but there your buddy
@BillMatt Ij
why do you have more followers than me? This is bullshit
ARE YOU CRAIZY?!
crazy is a label much like president, I'm sure
Thank you! I love hiking all over the U.S.! All the wilderness areas, national parks, national monuments, and national forests!
Good man!
love you man!!
good job my président
That is the right spirit of TRUSTEESHIP which other countries must follow.
bravo
.@BarackObama As so many of our watersheds and river systems are shared, we applaud your actions. Canada and the United States united.
#totallyawesome #bestpresEVER #hilaryNext #DUMPTRUMP #WORLDBULLYnotLEADER #saveUSA #sw
@cberrl Thank u Mr President!
Just needs some place to put the Muslims, they don't play well with others
Love you and thank you for pushing equality for all & looking for fresh doing it.
Hasn't protected anything, just made it harder for Americans to use the land for recreation and make people pay fee's to use
BFD
he has taken unprecedented step to ruin our nation
Wonder how many of those acres were privately owned by ranchers and other homeowners who lost THEIR property rights?
Yeah that's why you have sold a lot of US lands to foreign investors. . . How much did you get from each investor ?
Mr. President. I thank you for being YOU. I am retired military and I support you ALWAYS !!!
ذ١١
citizens need your help to #savemarplegreenspace from developers and Archdiocese of Philadelphia
let's not forget the river the EPA RUINED!
by keeping us off it
i  am very pleased of this gesture and congratulate president on his activity
Slamoalikom
you also opened 59 million acres of federal land for oil drilling. Thanks that'll help the environment.
very nice!!!!!
Despite what the idiot Republicans say, Obama will be very well regarded by historians in the future.
way to go Obama
yet gives zero shits about the amendments or this countries citizens...?
very good...mr.president.best regards...
good Obama u r doing Great
Every time the republicans hear about one of our President's many accomplishments, it becomes a new republican anti- campaign
Mr. President,you are to be congratulated.Please help Hillary, We CANN'T have trump!!
good job Mr President...!!!
thanks POTUS
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=nar.uto.mvv.coctoc_code …
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ghostprank.shave …
thank you!
wow that must have been a tough one!
So ISIS will have a nice place to live?
F
Great !
worst president in history
you are just Awesome sir.
Just three or four steps to the right.  @BarackObama
Should read Obama has taken unprecedented steps to destroy America for future generations.
in joy your outing with the family
I want you reply me。Could you？I am a student.I want to go to the USA for studying.
We will miss you a lot
NOT!! You've done nothing but try destroy America with your failed policies and race hate baiting.
Why is this not a BIG NEWS in the US media? Instead the US media devote itself to promoting Donald Trump? What a shame!
you have been a great president. Well done on protecting Americas wilderness areas.
오바마의 자연 사랑
great efforts Sir.
Bro that is what america needs WHY THE HELL DO WE NEED TO ELECT A NEW PRESIDENT YOUR PERFECT
But you do absolutely nothing to protect our wallets and our paychecks!!!
Wouldn't it be a novel concept if he would spend the same amount of time and effort protecting America from extremists?
Obama is a sham and a con artist and as full of shit as a christmas turkey.
thanks for all the hard work you do for our country ,,,
Free man
/ GOOD MORNING /  NIGHT SIR.  GOD BLESS U ALL SIR.
Thank You!
and just how exactly did he do that? Was it perhaps by deeming all of the land, government land?
Lord God all Creation bears Your trace therefore bless this place we pray and make it holy and pleasing in Thy sight.
but poisined and destroyed other children's around the world over.
thank u .i wanted to ge a
nothing.is in possible
became d first black. President n because u now i know
but I am happy to that u
i hate to see u leave.
بكل لغات العالم نناشدكم ....!!!!!  #اوقفوا_الابادة_الايزيدية  #نحن_مع_الايزيديات  #StopYazidiGenocide #StandforYazidiWomen
@BarackObama
not even a retweet. So arrogant. So big headed. So Trump like....
it's called a land grab stupid!
great job sir!
does that mean the Feds are taking control of our lands?we want them back.
: you cant extend this extreme food program till end of your tenure.stop this to womens.
: one women you destroyed and another will take your life if you dont listen today.
He is a great person 
bravo presidente
Another Big Lie.
Réveil in extremis? Obama a-t-il hiberné jusqu'ici ?
in other words..more takeover of our country by democrats
Great thinking.
Follow me you inspire me every second of my life
I just wish you'd protect your people from terrorists instead of trying to disarm us
yea protect the land so you can have somewhere to put your Syrian friends
WE LOVE OUR PRESIDENT AND HIS FAMILY!
Obama cannot protect anyone. He is a wuss.
the environment is the most important thing to the general
great job Mr.  Obama
to bad he don't care as much for American citizens, he continues to leave our boarders open and bring in more terrorist
@BarackObama
Good luck Mr . president
thx to save earth..
All world leaders and governments should take note of this & do like wise.The earth and its resources are not ours to destroy.
Barrack Obama is the best president of America.
Very Good Care Taking by Pres Obama Wishes for 
His Future-Plans 2 Safe-World tnķs  n Salute You Indians Best Friend 
Sir Obama
thats perfect!!
Dear Obama Sir,We really like the way relationships developed between India and USA.
on le la happy Father's Day Mr. President you r an inspiration in countless ways I admire the resilience u have modeled for us
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
it's most welcome step..! Congratulations sir..
yeah right Dream on
How about protecting Americans from Islamic terrorism?
Barack Obama is the WORST president in history. Second worst is Clinton. They are brothers from a different mother.
