i'm going to miss you!!!
i never got to say thank you for going to cuba is giving me hope i want good things to happen there is my country also!!!
next time you visit Cuba must go to Varadero!!!
you will be missed but not forgotten.
ideology of Obama clearly demonstrated. A Muslim bisexual kills LGBTS and Obama blames Americans!
Their country owes them help overcoming & abandoning their harmful "LGBT" identity.
go get 'em Mr. Pres!  Only next time, use the magic word for Mr. T:  AHole!!!
you are the best !!!!
@magicbee444 Everyone deserves equal rightsUNISEX bathroom fair having a TG with vagina in my 15 yr old sons locker?=0equal rts
keep on importing  3rd world , 6th century freaks Barack.
did you let ISIS know about this?
, all Americans deserve to know their country stands beside them, identify eliminate radical Islamic terrorists in/entering USA
Yes, and Orlando demonstrates the government's inability to do its first job! To protect the people!
not bad
Really? What about the 99.07% of us who are not transgender? Why should a man with boobs trump a 5 year old child's rights?
you say this but you support Islam. What the fuck?
You know it's so damn hard to dislike you when you're doing good shit like this
@TwitterOpen ♡ Most honourable SIR camander-in the world
ALL Americans should known heir country stands behind them! Stop separating everyone!
a Luo from west kenya and my cousin. The whole world is under your watch and kenya is watching you too.
people of color needs to know their country is with them, right now, it's a ?.
Thank you Mr. President. That is appreciated more than you could possibly know!
@ IF U THINK 1ST THEN UR HAND HAVE THIS MOUNTH.47 PRASIDEN BRAIN I M CARRY.LOST URS...MY LOSS MY MOON....
@ DAD IF U THINK LOVE IS LOVE ONLY F.B/TWEET/THEN USA LOST 1POWERFULL BRAIN.ITS BRAIN DOING EVERYTHING.JULY I M GIVEING TURE
you stand, sleep and live next to a T, Michael... So ofc you would support that 
This is against human instinct normal. 
This is animals degeneration. It's against human nature. Or are you.....?
qw
love you obama
(^-^)♡
oh, sir. I can't stand the thought of being without you. 
it'd be great if you would worry about the normal people
They need to know that THEY are breaking YAHWEHS law.Speaking TRUTH to your neighbor.Now that is LOVE
@DorkyGraceffa #loveislove
.@BarackObama Do you feel the same way about #ActuallyAutistic individuals?
. @BarackObama you endorsed the wrong candidate. I can't believe I voted for you twice. You disappoint a YUUGE number today.
yes stand behind gay rights equality but with terrorist deals we don't need you at all God knows truth you'll see
They will get what they deserve a nice warm pool of fire in the pits of hell.
#LoveIsLove 
hope Africa takes a lesson from that #LoveIsLove
THIS IS AN ABOMINATION TO ALMIGHTY GOD.  HE WILL JUDGE YOU FOR THIS.  YOU REPRESENT THIS NATION.  THIS NATION BELONGS TO HIM!
yeah..stand beside them...in the bathroom..with my little one...#yourloveis...#notfair...#takingawaymyrightsthanks
Help all peoples of all nations have great wisdom in the use of their finances O gracious Lord God our Father we pray.
-I don't!
seriously you have got to have some loose screws!!!!
We will finally light the White House with the proper colors KHAKI and BLUE for our men and women who serve us..
LoveisLove!  Love the person, not the choice.  Let God deal with the heart and the life.  The greatest commandment is Love!
Thank you Mr.President for the Outstanding job you're done.Things were done with such didnity.
stay in office please. Don't leave us. This is a mess.
queen
Mr President, I'm sorry to let u know that, we Africans are so disappointed in u.
@MattyDoneill I totally agree :)
congrats to Sasha, I'm very proud of you! !       # Joint Heirs Lucinda, Curtis Lance
of course, you and Michael think like that!! So, a child rapist is love also? Sex with a child is rape! THEY DON'T THINK THAT!!
you might be my favorite person in the entire world, and I know that you are my mom's.
Obama vas a venir a Pamplona en San fermines??
what about Christians?
don't lie to those dinksterless homos
.@BarackObama @KETFLIXNDCHILL
Too bad Abdulrahman alAwlaki wasn't L or G or B or T
He might still be alive

LoveIsLove Yesssss
call me your master my friend =￣ω￣=
don't leave
why don't you resign now.
you don't endorse sin...you love them but don't encourage death.
# the all of us.  A !!!
Yes I agree BUT they don't need special treatment
I completely agree. Way to go Mr. Obama.
divide on, divide on hey what about white male month
true talk your Excellency
@TwitterOpen yeah yeah yeah yap yap yap what are you doing about the transgender bathroom controversy? Huh?
grande presidente God bless you God bless America
@Lawrecesathanam: @America  loves and  love .
@CDU @spdde !!!
I'm indian thinkers and poet ...u r always remember sir ..i love u love u love u sir ...plz always live wth great smile
I'm very sad..because after some time u retired wth president seat ..sir u r the great personality of world ..i love u .indian
thank u my actual father
You sure they don't want it back Door?
mr. President Obama when you make peas in Middle East and Afghanistan؟and when you take military out from the Muslim countries؟
Yes.Yes.
We know that this President leads from the rear, he's not kidding either. Go Obamo, the greatest joke in American History.
big up BARACK
don't leave us
Bob Kerrey will retain his position at the University of Fulbright wise choice he will contribute to the development of Vietnam
@BarackObama
yes they do
u ass! U feel like women I think and michelle feels like man (she got ur balls) 
why is he always talking about gays. It's more important (stuff) in the world beside that. But still Love Obama 4ever
Vets deserve to know you stand beside them, but I digress. #priorities
So does the families of the shooting victims in Chicago. Please do something.
u suck,you've torn this country down.Muslim dog eater.
I absolutely appreciate it, mr Barack Obama, thank you sir!
Your so full of Bull Crap, your plans are ruining this country!! But your to blind to the fact that want to say it but won't!
Typical, The federal government is the only entity that discriminates against anyone, but lets make the citizens to blame..?
This sums up your 8-years in office.
Yes
thank you for your truth. You have brought the USA into the 21st century. U will be missed
thanks 
@BarackObama
funny how you used to be against gay marriage just a few years ago. Oh, and btw I didn't get to keep my doctor. WTF?
that's so true
No I don't stand with them.
@Humbert68815527 
Dios quiere darse a...
www idmji org. oficial
they deserve to be happy and respect... that's all.
I was 1 of your unsung Heros in 2012. It's SAD @POTUS we failed 2 learn from @MuhammadAli #Peace/Love
#love my president
&yes....I Like it
I don't know why we need to treat them/support them any different. Just treat them like you would treat any stranger...
what about Christians? Who stands besides us?
Guess what you are right again!   Love is Love.
true that
tru #supportLBGT
:Especially since many of them have always fought for our country, mostly in secrecy of course until recently.
HE DIDN't INCLUDE "QIA" HE's a #bigot
You are the worse president we have ever had. You say your a christian, how do you explain turning your back on God for LGBT???
that's not how Jesus sees it. Sin is sin Mr. President.
tryin to show love mr.b but, so much hate goin on...#solutions
Dam Obama  Gay!what happened to You as A man,God made man perfect in his Eyes :You Made God A Lier!Repent ask for Forgiveness
I don't agree with Obama on this I won't stand beside them this month or any other month I stand by the BIBLE ALWAYS
Great leader ,  love you sir.
Do your job and stop discussing social issues not under your purview as President. 

.
your so awesome...thanks for the LBGT community support!!  
Sorry! The Last time you stood behind  me ended with a knife in my back No - Thanks :you might be playing golf, dancing Tango s
I love and adore President Barack Obama and his lovely family keeping it 100!! 
hi Ernest here love is love God want us all to do that give anything away give love it free
THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT
he sucks
See you later..
ok but why doesn't our country stand behind unborn babies. #justsayin
thank you, Mr. President
Mr President am sorry to say that your not a Christian nor Muslim
but the constitution already tells them that. Are you saying you're going to fix education finally?
A kingdom divided against itself cannot stand and great will be it's falling. (Words of Jesus )
@DavHel
No God is Love.
And He loves ALL of us!!!!!!!!!!
don't agree
