
President I've sent to you a book. Why haven't I heard from you. I'm from Flint also
LOTS OF DIVERSIONARY TACTICS
then why does Your White House pay women less than men?  Hows that for progess?
Mr. President, please take a look at running out to Chicago before they kill every one. They will listen to you.
yes

ssiezs
“@BarackObama: Speaking up is the first step. Let's build on progress one conversation @ a time. #WomensEqualityDay ”
hai sir  please help to Indian army
keep it up our world president of Presidents
thank you!!
Women Pay Taxes Equal To Men Day !
Oh, how quaint. Tovarisch 0bama is celebrating 1 day for women. Guess what? Every day is equality day.
what are we to do in other to come out from caves that the self-centered leaders has pushed us into without remorse,
MAYBE YOU SHOULD WORK ON HONESTY AND TRANSPARENCY FIRST BEFORE SUGGESTING OTHER THINGS TO BUILD ON.
Yes Sir...appreciate ya!
.@BarackObama: Speaking up is d first step. Let's build on our progress one conversation @ a time #WomensEqualityDay
hello Barack. .was questioned by an officer. office.Barack. Partially. Speaking ...if i erase partially. It will help us .
I agree, women shouldn't be treated differently in the workplace
I will speak up.  You called Americans lazy while in Laos.
Hillary is not really for women or she wouldn't have trashed all of Bill's girlfriend's, especially the one he raped
you first..
im speaking up about the lack of charges made against Hillary Clinton
thank you. As a CDN, I am proud of our PM who also respects all people. Now if only the GOP candidate didn't promote misogyny.

well said
why aren't you speaking up against Muslims who oppress women?
@areyou0 

A very wise POTUS
#amnesty #AllLivesMatter #donotbequiet Do not be quiet ! 
#WhereAre9000ChildrenGermany
I believe that you will have good policies for them !
who's going to win the Nobel peace prize for announcing et alien disclosure you Obama or Putin peace and disclosure not war
GROSS you need to do some soul-searching Devil Boy
you made a Better Country And We all think you #salute #art #presidency #president
yes!
Yes, I agree. START WITH YOURSELF! Stop selling us to the Arabs!
@BarackObama
you change you. Stop insulting the American People's intelligence. You are NOT the smartest person in the room
we love you
#2nd Step due to your Start up 1st step already and 2nd step to 1st lady Presidents 45
.
Christians fail to understand that Satan is a servant of the Most High God.  Choose life (Jesus) or choose death (Obama) 4Trump
Obama terrorists father.

#carablus

@BarackObama
stop kill syrian people and stop support asad regime ?
Stop liar you are criminals#
yea if u only would hear your own worlds
thank you... I'll forever be grateful for all you did... For all you're still trying to do... Thank U... will miss U much
@BarackObama
Biafrans are people seeking for justice and right for self determination peacefully but the Nigeria government massacres us
Excellent sir
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account, remitted back to the United States
...nobody is listening to the worst president in history that lies to the American people
you've done nothing but hamper all Americans in pursuit of the American dream
no words needed.
It truely does
l'm chinese
If Nixon gave Hillary witness protection, why can't you give Colin Powell witness protection? Many witnesses have died.
/ Good Morning / Night Sir.Have Nice Week Commencing Day Sir. God Bless U All
You are right SIR hope many people think the same that you think .
It needs to move faster.
55,772,015 children have been murdered Since Roe v Wade in 1973. Were you the father of any?
How the MR President Barack Obama II, is a Prophèt , knows that need to change, this humanity.
Mr Obama how can you sleep?
, Trump, is hiding something big  in taxes,maybe property Invested over in Russia,thats why he refuses to release his taxes.
The only pension you can give yourself as entrepreneur or business person is investment in real estate http://bit.ly/2bGWzfl 
,Trump, is hiding something  in his taxes, maybe property Invested over in Russia,thats why refuses to release his taxes.
to be honest giving women  equal rights to man #has messed up this country
Why does this false narrative of wage disparity get promulgated? Women take more time away from work than men, skewing the #'s
You are so right !!!!!   Being nice and respectful to others are qualities that are in very limited supplies in America.
6v大統領こい！6v大統領！
You are doing a great job !!!!  I know how hard it is to lead our country when Congress does nothing !!!!
"The most valuable of all talents is that of never using two words when one will do." T. Jefferson - you running out of time!
That's heavy! We tend to want to change others to our way of thinking!
And bringing in Sharia law is going to do sooo much to make women in this country stronger.  Great move...
Mr President the people of Venezuela are suffering hunger due to its dictatorship I'ts time to help and spread freedom

http://www.abofjobs.com 
speaking up

Trump is the ONLY politician with the guts to stand up and say Dem's have destroyed inner cities for blacks.
screen captured from before the suffrage movement when #Democrats tried to block women's rights
Yes.
@BarackObama
@Politicume
http://www.sskshopping.com/Underpants/index.php/product/foreign-trade-crystal-diamond-bra-lady-split-triangle-bikinis-swimsuits/ …   The new $12.8, free shipping
Let's do it! I'll start, what is rapport and trust?  How to gain it?
Immigrants can no longer hide from the fact that they are changing the face of America.  They need to find a political voice.
To really get things done, everyone needs to take part.. WE THE PEOPLE!!
Is that why women in our white house make 30% less than men?
say no to government propaganda.
:Right:most important change:Changing ourselves.Change evil nature:stop killing of innocent people.in Kashmir,Palestine,Syria.
@POTUS Qur’ân61:2&3:O U who believe!Why doU Say which Udon't Do?Most hateful it is with Allâh that U Say that which U don't Do!
serve the citizens, not the bankers. NO TPP!!
your Muslim Brotherhood friends thruout our government are doing their best to change us. No need for you to worry Mr President
WHAT ABOUT SYRIA
black lives matter!!
So eloquently stated!
As a muslim you know that there is no equality between the sexes. And your policies prove none between the races either!
aşkım obisim
Yes Mr President,I am happy with my Medical transcription work.I praise God for this Job.It'is I med X company.
Discoveries & inventions are done without any technical know-how; most of them are useful to us now. Declining is rejection.
Idea appreciated.S'rely we do progress none promotes,so frustration.Pol a born a'mobile genius;TATA invited him & declined ltr.
Tell the French, Mr President, the equality of choice. Some women can do others are illegal.
women are paid the same if not more than men! It's factors like taking off 4 family that makes it seem like women are paid les
Amen!  Sad that some of us can't see the need to grow..
yes King
Thank you Mr. President. You have been a truly great President.
Reproductive rights mean that our tax $ support black genocide & the leaving of a 3rd trimester babies to die on hosp table?
And while we're at it, let's not approve TPP, now or in lame duck.
@POTUS Thank you, President Obama.
and @HillaryClinton can't be fired
Billionaire Clinton Spies? They control news, people, Allow email servers to be hacked, Preventing FBI & CIA access! 
http://www.redbubble.com/people/yashillz/works/22633271-im-with-her?asc=u …
I feel it should never have been a format equal pay for everyone. Across the board.
why don't you stick to golf? You are not very good at that eather.
2 bad the Republican Congress#u got a lot DONE POTUS
Is so where balance is achieved and the true human living.
. That's what's real. We have to change our hearts and minds...to be better to each other,and #United we will do better.
@Ksenias7 So, AS I WROTE @FACEBOOK - equality in regards of payments for DONE WORK, that's a yes, &the rest's negotiable
;-)))
@Ksenias7 1conversation@a time's so not good, cause U know, we can have problematic days of month, &then U can hear as G Hears.
NO! WE DO NOT have to change ourselves, we just have to get you and HRC as far away from the White House as possible!
love life under your direction.....thank you.  Kind of wish no war, but not your fault!!
Clinton's State Dept. schedule won't be released until after Election Day, That says it all right there, WHY NOT ? Trump 2016
@BarackObama
- you haven't made progress.  you've giving us 8 years of war and debt.
Going to miss my President! I wish he could be president more! Thank you, President Obama!
o senhor que foi tão próximo ao Lula, qual o seu posicionamento sobre o impeachment de Dilma Rousseff que tramita no Brasil?
Positively needed. I'm in.
new world order?
NOW HERE IS THE,SEND IN THE MOST ELITE TROOPS,IT SEEMS NEED
God bless u Mr president.
INTERFERES BECAUSE,THAAD DON'T DEPLOY USFK BASE,TRUE IS A TOUGH MOMENT
thank you for your awesomeness!!  I enjoy your speeches and books. Hope you continue once out of office!
SECRETREVOLUTION:PARK GEUN HYE IS THE KIM JONG UN ERA A UNIFICATION KOREA AD,NO STOP,PARK GEUN HYE GOVT,HARASSING TACTICS__
BUT, THAAD DEPLOY OPPOSITE MY COUNTRY CHINA,YESTERDAY WAS MY COUNTRY THAAD DEPLOY THREATEN BY HLAME WAR
HELLO,PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA,
MURDER OF HUMAN RIGHT REGIME N.KOREA,SLBM WAS LAUNCHED SUCCESS
indeed!
needs action ,implementation & result now. In short with due respect Mr. Prez, Don't make ppl to run after red light of truck.
Mr. President I Am Sorry | In The Beginning I Didn't See I Didn't UnderStand_I Don't Know Why Me_HE Is Heavy On Me | I Am Force
@kharyp Pancakes!
We've come a long way! A woman's work is never done! See you at the Polls!
<3 Drac
take a long walk off a short pier. P.O.S.
quoting yourself. Quite humble.
Lybia ,Syria all on your conscience
#Gulf state's is that "Instead of turning to Allah for help"They've become partners in crime with US & Euro zion
I admire you a lot
perfect
But Hillary has said we  don't need to change hearts, we need to change laws...I think we HAVE to change hearts!!
yes I wasmollested almost raped speekingon it hope you get to me thank you
I AM WITH YOU
i bet you would!
the first step is to clean your dirty history & expiate your crimes to the meddle-east
your negative attitude to Syria , Iraq Yemen and Libya what you can call it !!
Without fear but popularity
Looking forward to the new movie of you and the Mrs; hope they do you right
Sorry boss. Voted 4 U twice in Montana but I don't understand TPP which requires arrogance 2 believe one can control
oh Obama I wish u could be president for ever
