fraud
It's been 598 days since @SenateGOP took control of the Senate. #Doingthejob You #DoYourJob and protect us from #terrorists
You're the reason why people have stopped believing in public education.
Uh-uh. The federal Department of Education and progressive drivel is the reason.
Says you.
good morning sirji
-One branch of gov't shouldn't have such power.Too many bad faith players.Who keeps them in check?Need more than #'s to do job!
@lisarpepper Trump wants to pick before he appeals his Trump U fraud case to Supreme Court.
Mr. President, I am and am hosting the 2nd International DeafBlind Expo in Orlando this August 17-20, will you present for us?
Until they are voted out or drop dead White Racist Rp Bigots will not function they know accountability is not a problem, Pvlge
unfortunate but it seems the whole system is setup for the rich.
Belated Happy Birthday Mr. President.Jamaica a gwaan arite.
my ls William Morris pray and I will pray for you and family
Need an update on the way our Legislative branch operates-Voting?Old dogs teach new dogs old tricks.Too much power needs change
.....your strength n resilience is just overwhelming...God bless you n America. Revival in this Land folks.#PrayForAmerica#
I stand with @BarackObama. Yesterday's immigration ruling would have been different with 9 seats. Dear Congress, #YouWorkForUs #DoYourJob
TX Governor says immigration action violated the Constitution. What's the GOP doing by not confirming Garland? #DoYourJob
Got an answer....NOTHING!!!
Don't you have some golf to play? #DoYourJob
might want to fact check compared to bush vacationer in chief Obama has taken least vacation days since carter
I can read things on the internet and repeat them too!
good point. I know facts can be scary.
Bethany wins this one
Suuuure.
@TRNovo @ariesjill Love @GOP crying due recent @PPact decision. WAS 5-3 DO MATH! Even @SpeakerRyan on court @PPact still'd won!
Let the evil, replicant Nazi bible thumpers cry, Erik, this is only the beginning.
#EvilReplicants Yay Jilly!!! Lol oh my gosh lol 
Luv U, Erik.  Now YOU need to LOVE ERIK TOO!!!
I'm trying! Im doing better! I've been super sick since March. Posted new profile pic to show weight loss
But U look Good!   I think U gotta change diet and take supplements carefully chosen.
yeah I cut artificial sweeteners out this year. I take a lot of supplements. I was stacking Nootropics but I need to reorder
K.....stay away from refined carbs, do some CARDIO, something U ENJOY, START SMALL.
@BealsParrish
@cdelbrocco ☆ The Benghazi Committee of Supreme Court Senate confirmations & appointments? @McConnellPress do yor job!
imtat
@repjohnlewis @VP #DoYourJob 
MAKE SOMETHING HAPPEN! It's more urgent NOW than politic-motivated (tho impnt) gun control bill.
@repjohnlewis @VP Now that's what I'm talking about! Let's take care of this b4 sit-ins 4 gun control.  HAVE SIT-IN 4 SCOTUS!!
@Dan2582Ortiz But the congress still gets paid for doing nothing. In a real job you get fired for doing nothing! Lets get them.
This July 4th we celebrate that your illegal amnesty executive order was not rubber stamped by Garland's swing vote.
your only one who I appreciate in all the forms of#life
more like not having another left wing Supreme Court judge to take away our 2nd amendment right?
He picked the best man for the job; The Senate must vote now!
and you,sir,have done a terrible job for 7.5 years leaving us far less safe
quit whining
remember in November, republicans left the supreme court hanging and the president and the we the people to serve their adgenda
you need to do YOUR job and get that crimanal out of the run for president we don't deserve WW3 she can't even keep top secret
do your job! Oh that's right your incapable
We condemn  Shia actions but we are being persecuted now on all sides and our personal lives are being destroyed by ignorance
This is beyond belief ridiculous, we have the perfect nominee for 1st Amendment Rights. McVeigh went into child care center.
Getting your Belichick on eh?! 
because you refuse to have integrity an American hero lives in exile. What were those whistleblower promises again? #DoYourJob
.@BarackObama how many days since you started scapegoating mental illness for mass violence? #DoYourJob
look who is talking about doing their job, kettle black comes to mind. More and more of us are unemployed.
I prefer having an even number of judges, because now you need more than a 1-person majority to get a decision.  Totally legal.
that's why Civics should be a mandatory course for high school and college graduates.
craziness
a good thing when their job involved the destruction of rights
@DebbButton 
49 years ago it was illegal for interracial marriage-WHY?
the Supreme Court mattered in Loving case! #DoYourJob
Agree
Good! We need those that understand the Constitution. Not this leftist version.
oh
just like you did as a senator. Why is it different now? I love the liberals and their double standards.
they should fired them because if I can't do my job my boss would fired me.President Obama fired them, you're the boss
you should talk. You've ruined this country. Hopefully we can fix what you and your admin have screwed up
don't worry POTUS, Mr. Trump will set that court up in February! Go Trump
@persephone073 

We All Hate the GOP

@hardball @MSNBC @CBS @ABC @CNN @maddow @Lawrence @HillaryClinton @livenewscloud
disgusting that they are not doing what they are payed to do. Let Obama do what we voted him in for
buoy are right#####
@BarackObama
And still counting til January.
#failedpos
sorry bub, the SCOTUS is doing its job, by cutting off your over reaching exec actions
the senate is doing their job. They don't answer to you they answer to their voters.
a standstill is death to democracy
im Princess in Philippines
hi
@POTUS As a Dad Share in US/SenateL Unable Listen"Nom/J MG"!
Islamic Republic of Pakistan Govt NOT Listing #CJSC-Govt Govern?Y?
@BarackObama
http://VisitsToMoney.com/index.php?refId=965218 …
@realDonaldTrump your plans weren't so messed up, it would be a unanimous vote...like ACA...wait...was that bipartisan?
(OBAMA )
Origin Born Africa Migrate America  is the best president in USA
@BarackObama
You can't be Nominated to have a seat with The US Supreme Court, unless like Obama you're an Anti - Christ, and Smoke "Pot"
Our Congress has hurt our country with their lack of action,vision and bigotry, something needs to be done, enough!!
That's okay...them fools have Trump!!  Lol!! You tried!! Fuck'em!! My babies have medical/dental til they're 26! Thank you!
as a teacher I get paid year around but I do work at least 9 months and I get paid a lot less. #DoYourJob
Your a very Good Chess player!  You have the aptitude needed. Take your time. Fix what you can and leave the rest to God.
good
yes they can!!!!
at least you've shown you can count.
and only five long months till you get out of office
GOP want another branch of gov. to operate like they do...NOT!!!!
Yes it can!! it does not need 9 members to do its job and you know!!
I feel so bad for President @BarackObama...A man with class, respect for all - prevented from doing his job. Shame on #GOP !
and counting.......
@BondTrent when Hillary wins we will get back to work!!
still disappointed
Good..New American Holiday: 1/20/2017. END OF AN ERROR
Maybe they should lose their job- that's how it works in the real world!
are you going to sit down and start whinning too?
@BarackObama
I'm so tired of our lawmakers and representatives.   They should be fired!!! ;-)
They are doing their job, They're blocking another one of your Constitution hating lawyers from making law from the bench.
fight Islamic terrorism and secure our borders #doYOURjob
They just did their job and without Scalia blocked your immigration nonsense.
yes sir....!!!!
Code for "the Supreme Court is not voting the way I want. "
10% of the ones on #terrorwatchlist who underwent background check failed. Why weren't they arrested for trying to buy a gun?
When do you do your job diaper load. Still lacking jobs, still homeless people, interstruture failing kids drinking lead
AMEN!
"'BO Does constitution of greatest nation on earth allow for a few to stop progress for majority, is it opposite of democracy.
Thank you #brexit for making you even more irrelevant than you were last week. #werenotlistening
We  want you b the head the United Nation soon you l b out of the White House.
The world will b on peace
total bs that they won't vote.
much like you
wouldn't it be grand if your choice for Supreme Court would go through.  Then the Supreme Court would allow your lawlessness
HELLO! PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA,
TODAY 66TH:6.25.KOREA WAR VICTIMS
I MEMORIAL AND PRAYER BUT KIM JONG THREAT I'M WORRY
i'm sick and tired of obozo telling us anyone who doesnt do what he wants is no doing their jobs, you're not a dictator!
what a con man obama is, inferring that they are doing their job because they dont give him what he wants, obama is a shit!
they are doing their job!! We dont want that jewish creep in the court!!
because all your decisions are worthless.
is nothing but a dictator
and as a result our constitution is being demolished sad sad sad
no words can describe how LAME this duck is.
you want then to appoint one of your lackeys so they can rubber stamp your bullshit agenda in glad they stuck to thier guns
This REPUBLICANS are same Americans,them no love *USA,and the end of *USA this MR Trump,when open his mouth is only nonsense.
My President *USA, a great power, but is much sad, to know that this REPUBLICANS, está colocando *USA, para baixo.
tell your minions to #DoYourJob. Who is obstructing now?

http://cnn.it/28UDu5M 
LET TRUMP TAKE THE DECISION..WHAT IS THE HURRY...PEOPLE HAVE RIGHT TO DECIDE...LET ELECTIONS DECIDE..RETIRE IN PEACE..
@henryallthecorn
you are a liar
resign we need a true leader. You are not 1. If the American people wanted gun control they would have voted for libtards.
Mr. #president they haven't done their job in years! Why would they start now??!! People vote them all out!! @BarackObama
@106KMEL @cthagod #DoYourJob
the Legislative branch doesn't answer to you! Remember who gives you your authority, read the first 3 words of the Constitution
the supreme did do its job, it didn't pass the immigration action, now you're just salty.
this immigration reform would bring in many more people to fill unwanted jobs #DoYourJob
no one cares
hang in there the lunacy will subside.
@karenzach The Senate did their job. They advised the president they would not hold hearings until after Nov. election.
@universe2519 good work
...and they said the sit-in was "childish". #DoYourJob
@MerAnnabella did Barack Obama tell you guys that he lied to a federal judge and his attorney general did too.
@MerAnnabella too bad and it's going to be another hundred days before he gets thought about.
quit cluttering tweeter with your stupid comments. Give it up, your losing another battle.
this is infuriating
How long can they refuse to hold hearings without appointment going through w/o congressional approval?
they did do their job
