That the guys who tried to carjack my son did not succeed.
Rest
vggloopol
@sesy501  Certainly not you You tried to ruin our country & left us with the most outrageous debt, depleted military & racism
I REALLY WANT TO SEE YOU MY HANDSOME GUY BARACK OBAMA?
. I'm thankful that your term us almost up , woooohooo!!!
I am thankful for possibilities
For giving a glimmer of #hope to us in the world. Your response to Sandy Hook was something few others would do. #respect
I suppose you're a genius who also thinks every other school shooting is a HOAX?
cleaner air
I'll tell you now, I'm thankful your term is almost over
@BarackObama
I'm thankful for your message of the audacity of hope.
Thankful that Isis is gonna kill us all one day because you have refused to take action on their group.
nothing
I REALLY LOVE BARACK OBAMA?
I REALLY LIKE BARACK OBAMA?
HE IS GOING TO BE MY BOYFRIEND EVERYONE'S.
MY BF IS BARACK OBAMA?
that  you only have 7 mo. To go till you leave.
weel done mr presdent and  remmeber kenya
I thought I was thankful for having you as a world leader. But then again, you do nothing for animals bludgeoned mercilessly.
for you and your family for the  dignity-intelligence-grace-and leadership you've shown each day since became the 1st family.
being true to your self and others.
Your Paris Treaty is Illegal-Our Sovereignty is NOT Yours to give away to the UN Foreigners-Who the hell do you think you are! @BarackObama
Fraud Clown-Who lied to get Elected-"U can keep your Doc-I will reduce debt"Etc-Shove your Illegal Treaty Up your A$$ Sideways! @BarackObama
We The People & Our Constitution are Highest Law in Land-We will not be ruled by UN Foreigners-This Treason is an ACT OF WAR! @BarackObama
Our Money is NOT YOURS to give to Foreigners-Seize Obama's Assets till he pay's back every cent-he took from us! @BarackObama
You be a wunderfull president, I Love your Politik and your great humor.
I love you and I speak for lots of others God bless you and your entire family
canceled my PPO, then paid double 4 HMO w triple deduct that no docs accepted, I dropped out, then he gave me $700fine thanks!
I'm thankful 4 Tulsi Gabbard & Bernie Sanders to fight the corruption of Debbie Wasserman Schultz and the DNC.
#DropOutHillary
best president
my parents
I have traveled to many countries. They are beautiful, but none provide the opportunity,  variety, and freedom of America.
you give a chance to everyone but some people don't change that's why it happened in Japan you know already
Agnostic movement is what this world needs.
Friends are taking The BULLY BACK PLEDGE-Sissy Obama thinks he will Bully USA to allow Transvestites to use the wrong bathroom @BarackObama
They Pledge to BULLY BACK-if a Sick in the Head-Transvestite is caught in the wrong bathroom-they will Beat the FK out of it! @BarackObama
I'm thankful his wife is Black. Great example that we don't need to switch up to be successful #athleteslisten
You can LIE to everybody
but
You CANNOT LIE TO GOD
You TWIST TRUTH

UNPEACE & REFUGEES

TOO SHAMEFUL & EVIL

NO PERSONALITY
BIG or SMALL
RICH or POOR
YOUNG or OLD

MUST HAVE REAL TRUTH  in life

IF NOT,
IT IS ANIMAL & EVIL
SHAMEFUL TO GAIN RESPECT
I am thankful for you, man. You symbolize hope for me. And I am a middle class white Christian man.
thankfully you and Justin  are buddies  and we've got people like both of you keeping a handle ob things.
I'm thankful for when you leave office on January 20th!
I am very happy to see you in Viet nam (saigon) to teach for the leaders how is the democracy
Once you leave office I dont ever want to hear or see you again!!!!
VAI. DEIXAR. SAUDADES ! E. LEMBRANÇAS. BOAS !  O. FUTURO*** PERTECE. A. DEUS*! O. GRANDE *! ENTRE. OS. GRANDES *****!
am thankful parents came 2 America an born American love Freedom..Don't change our country Help Military B strong. Praise God
No desire  to say this in person!
I am thankful for January 20th 2017!
for you AND your family, and all their contributions, #graceinthelimelight
im thankful for eggs!!! they're so tasty
I'm happy that we haven't gotten rid of sequester yet so I have to wait almost a year to get my railroad job back...
I am most thankful that the treasonous son of a b**** is going to be out of office.
I wish you could do four more years
thank you for being the best president u did things no other could do thank you God bless u and family
I am most thankful that your face won't be in the White House windows soon. Go back to Kenya
only Americans could disrespect this exceptional man. Noone else does. He's a beacon of light in a world of hypocrites
thankful you wont be Pres much longer. You are the worst President in the entire history of America. You are despised.
wtf
Well done Sir. God bless you Sir.
Sir you are a true follower of King Luther King , Mahatma Gandhi and Christianity, I admire your service , love you ! God bless
. Thankyou for speaking against corruption in Kenya and urging youth to take charge.
JUST BECAUSE TRUMP, AND 99.99% OF AMERICANS WANT YOU PEOPLE HERE 
( LEGALLY) DOES NOT MAKE TRUMP RACES. IT MAKES US PISSED!!
Greetings from a cypriot citizen that lives in Cyprus, a divided island occurred when Turkey invaded in 1974
you are a total failure
bench-marking simplicity
With so much love!
That you will be GONE in January!
that this is the last summer you and your family take some overpriced vacation.
I'm thankful we will be closer to the end of his tyrannical rein! But not close enough! ##worstpotusever
saya berharap anda melakukan tindakan yang bijaksana untuk menegakkan perdamaian di syria. Tetapi tidak memakan korban.
Hola soy cubano me llamó Noel vehemencia Guevara
Mr. Obama!
Thank you for getting rid of the Bushes forever♡
Im thankful that this is @BarackObama 's last year as president
It would be honor to meet you.
@BarackObama
@0045Modou

Mr. President...you will be so missed!  looking forward to the  good things you will accomplish .  God bless you always!
=)
hi sir Obama how I m thankful for this
Most thankful...for causing us harm
Thank you for being a great leader. You inspired most people, young and old and made all black people proud.
your return to chicago soon!
I'm glad Trump is not POTUS
I'll tell him now. You are one of the most EVIL ppl that's ever walked the face of the earth!! You WILL burn in HELL one day!!
#besthusbandfather
air conditioning.
Carter thanks you for being "worst president" ever. Failed leadership, divided our country, an embarrassment! Countdown begins!
I would love to meet you, shake hands, and be in the presence of WONDERFUL.
I'm thankful that your term in office is almost over.
It is too tough to be right in politics ,thanks nevertheless for trying not to be wrong !
no matter what anyone says you have done a great job! Intelligent people know it!
So what day will the #BOThanksgiving be?
I am most thankful for my oatmeal grown and processed in the USA.
@BarackObama
We are Bankrupt but Obama Gives Our $ to Foreigners-Let him Pay for it-Confiscate his Assets-He can pay his own Bills-Not us! @BarackObama
We'll See 
the negative things are more than the positives. I hope you can sleep well during the nights.
..thank you for being good  example to ME  I'm a  Filipino  you inspire..a lots of things like how to be humble and good heart
Mr. President I am thankful you are leaving. You and congress have sat around too long and planted nothing. Leave for Gods sake
我很感激你，你的笑容很美腻！
I am thankful for everything you have done for America.
tks fr good happy in my birth with u 18 may god bless u n me too
if you are white black everybody think he the awfull president in world
I'm  thankful  that you became America's president,   I'm thankful that I'm still in my right state of mind to know racism
he the worst president we ever had trump the man for job
Thank you for proofing to Americans yes you can. I appreciate your leadership.
哈哈
thank you for Medicaid
I'm thankful for the small business I own and the wonderful policies you put in place that made it possible!
protection for Us,,' blacks'' oooh Thanks 99.9%
I'm happy for ObamaCare this summer,  last summer and all the time.  Best thing you could have done for me.
Don't leave us with star gazed Ben Day Ohhhs!
THAT YOUR REIGN OF TERROR IS ALMOST  O V E R  !!!!!!!!!!!
Speak up about the election fraud? We just need you to be the guy we elected. Thanks
..named Hillary who is trying to rob us of real change. Her slogan might as well be "NO We Can't!" So are you going to
So, remember when we all voted for you because we wanted change, not more of the same? Well, now we have a candidate...
. hi sir. Hoping to meet you
.  I am happy that you got a chance to visit Africa as US President.
@CatherineNHK That Obama won't be in office much longer.
I stand corrected: I am thankful his most high holiness, savior of the universe won't be in office much longer.
No need to wait man, it's the day you leave
I'm thankful for the National Park Service #FindYourPark
Thank you, Mr President and warm welcome to Vietnam!
原爆絶許
thankful for being secular. Hmmmm...
Great President
I am most thankful for is the fact that you have only 8 more months as President.  DJT will come in & clean up your mess
for hating Sarkozy
I'm thankful he's out of office soon.
what a humble being Tefo from South Africa
thanks to Democrats selling out to Wall Street Instead of Standing Up for Working Class People there is Little to be Thankful
