@agentlinton yet we have over 100,000,000 Americans living in a house that receives some sort of welfare benefit
and I find that hard to believe. You telling me 50% of people are on welfare?
It's 35% of Americans live in a house that receives some sort of welfare.
100m is about half of not more.
Yeah that's a crazy amount
@Botrublu No we're not in "hoods". Closed everything. Jobs gone. Taxes. Jails for stupid stuff. Needs are to hear from us.
you re The best President of U.S.A.!
ञ्जञ्ज
g 4c
not really. We need someone more like #Trump2016 not someone like you -- #HillaryClinton we will make no progress. #ripusa
And you've still never had 3% annual growth with all of these jobs. Something is seriously wrong here.
where are the stats numbers on this please?
printing money like you did that's the least we would expect
@Botrublu
yes indeed zthank you .my income has increase tremendously in 8 years Hillary will continue
you think sir
#DontBooVote
C'est @POTUS son vrai compte?
c'est son personnel. @POTUS c'est celui en tant que Président 
ok! Merci ;-)
u are lying .. Economy is horrible !!!!!!
That statistics is not what you did, but what others done before you. It would have happened regardless who is the president
lol really is thats why the country is in 19tril debt
With a doctored set of statistics
Bobo, Do you have any emails on this? I don't believe you.
Lowest interest rates good for business and home and auto buyers
thosands of new healthcae jobs due to ACA, over 148 new hospitals slated for construction, due to Obama Cares
also well over 100K new millionaires, 100K new franchises, 100Ks New online ,marketers, new tech firms
CHIP-IN WITH US! http://easycolorexpress.com 
Syrian civillians mistaken for ISIS? Really?
The Republicans are going to roll back all the good the president stands for.  Vote Blue #ImWithHer
Yes, President Obama!!!   Thanks to YOU!!!!
@zuzi_64 @seanhannity in case you missed this tweet Sean.
@MsEricka45 With No Help from the Republicans!
@Suenorr11888815 
BO makes a REALLY terrible socialist.
Great POTUS
.@BarackObama @POTUS @WhiteHouse 
...as long as you don't count millions who've been discarded from the workforce.
this mean turning LEFT ?
Am a South African and my dream is to live in America #make my dream come true
Dream, dream, dream. Your lies are as bad as Hilllary.
where?
Hiring millions of low-wage protesters for BLM, Hillary and so on really isn't a strong foundation for a lasting economy.
i love Barack!

#StopBoknal2016 http://www.efekto.tv/videos/activistas-piden-detener-el-festival-sambok-boknal-donde-sacrifican-miles-de- …  #HeartBreakingNews  http://koreandogs.org  
people are getting laid off in home state left and right what the hell are you talking about you don't give a damn about USA
@BenStolinOG what this fails to show is the jobs created are mainly part-time minimum wage level jobs...can't live off that...
On a positive note that 76 month growth get's us closer to getting off welfare totally
YEAH YOU ! ,  http://easycolorexpress.com 
@NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC. Crash HEIL HITLER TRUMP!
vv '
proud to hear that
You beat the RECORD! Families living off FOOD STAMPS, spreading poverty is your forte, while you holiday first class caviar.
Mr. Delusional
牛逼
you are in state of dire delusion. Are u that aloof of current events  Head in sand
.@BarackObama so we don't need to sell Pogba?
THANK YOU FOR BEING YOU/US
Sing Along with, http://easycolorexpress.com 
lol sure it is! Why don't you come where I live, Syracuse NY. Most of the business' left.
You knew about the #TurkeyCoupAttempt but you say that you don't?! Liar!
...Bravo
what universe are you living in?
I don't give a shit about your economy stats. Many of my friends can't get a job because you are a globalist shill.
90 percent of your followers have no clue what private-sector even means. And 50 percent are lost on the word job.
it's a lie. You represent a party of lies. #VoteTrumpPence #MAGA
bahaaaaa!
@BarackObama
@BULLOMETER @BarackObama the glass should be shattered
:D
You've been in the WH too long, time to go back living in the real world! #ObamasFantasy
That's a bunch of crap
what the hell is wrong with you. You r delusional you are the biggest mistake that the world has ever made
Bullshit. Part time min wage jobs taken by illegals as American workers suffer. Ur a known liar & a fool. A legacy of failure.
--The job growth has NOTHING to do with you .
/ GOOD MORNING / NIGHT SIR. HAVE A NICE WEEK END DAY SIR. GOD HANUMAN BLESS U ALL.
You're delusional.
What did u do tht we can replicate in India.Population grwth is a chalnge here tht undoes whatevr grwth we hve.
Great
@_Parweezy @Monstro_eV roast em
cant wait till this lying scumbag is out of office, when can we get an american back in office?
Debt stands at 19 trillion and rising, 46 million on food stamps,  Manufacturing plummeting.  Happy days
What a joke....
if you say it is! It's nice to live in a bubble without facts or hard evidence isn't it Barrack!
he is a class act and a hard worker.
More Lies...
America have owe $19 trillions! Businesses & education will be mess up & lost!
The doom and gloom of Trump's address is because of the Obama Economy and Obama's America! U have destroyed our country!
what a load of shit !!!!!
right 95m ppl out of work. Did u realize?
yep, they use to be called McJobs, now they are PT McJobs. Still there though cuz middle class can afford to eat there.
part time ones.
@WhiteHouse  And most of them jobs are low paying part time jobs, so how does that grow the economy. Need real jobs
Are you in fantasy world Obama
@realDonaldTrump someone is dreaming. Crime is up. We rnt safe. And we all know it. Trump 2016
Pakistani Govt. and prime minister should look and learn from obama seriously. so much unemployment in Pakistan
This points out how bad the economy was 8 yrs ago.  Hope HRC can continue and even improve on this record.
WE GET OUR FOOD ECT FROM ISIS!
You took away our good jobs and replaced us with low paid illegals. You should be ashamed by what you've done to the country!
nomanufacturing just restaurants
in Pennsylvania the restaurant jobs
That is pure liberal bull 
We can not wait till u are gone. U R an activist, not a friend to the people.
can we blame this on you?
I am sad to see your Presidency end. Should be term limits on congressmen and senators. They should not stay & stay & stay.
you're such a beautiful soul. Thank you for existing.
I'm so proud to call you my president.  You have remained classy and humble through all your adversity.  You are a great leader
oh and HRC plans to put coal miners out of business. Lies, all lies.
Hastings is closing all stores. Hancock Fabrics is closing.  Not to mention many many more.
yea ? But i havnt worked for over 8 years
هلا بطش ورش هلا باوباما
just wait for Trump to mess it all up!
@JBrett_7 lol
奥同学，什么时候还钱？
Hi,President Obama.
May I ask a question?
What do you think about United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea？About china.
Recall this! , http://easycolorexpress.com 
that's real bullshit. 1500 have gone out the door this year alone where I work.
thanks for the reminders of what good you did as Americans prepare for the future
mmm
I guess it's all in how you look at a situation. Thanks to this infograph I can now see clearly - the glass is really 5% FULL.
I LOVE U BARACK 
巴马加油。
that's another lie, the country is doing so bad that it may never recover, Obama destroyed our great country that's so sad
Is there any manned mission to mars in near future?
Great job Mr President
You promised you would help me from losing my home. Liar! You failed me! I lost everything because you didn't even bother 2help
Of course we have-when Obama took office the US was at the business cycle trough. No way else but up! Simple Econ logic.....
U r the man!
very useless statistic.
Que Tal míster Obama que hay de nuevo my Frends míster obama.
US is collecting hefty ransom under the name of protection money from many countries by policing. It makes US economy stronger
why is the unemployment rate @ 46% ? Americans are riding on gov funding. Welfare is not employment!
..we look at things with a different scale.  Its just time for a new President. One we can believe in. GOD please not Hillary
you are a liar.
Sir please teach your Golf Partner, the Malaysia Official 1 how to not say corruption as donation?
Yeah... real progress http://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS11300000 …
If you call the labor force decreasing by 3.5% since you took office
you have done a great job Mr, it's ok for the minorities to say otherwise, you better hit them hard too from Monday..
Obama please do not let Donald Trump and the office we do not like him we like Hillary Clinton better
thank you Mr President
@AskMrMickey you hush those facts, Mr. President! I'm watching the entertainment. Look at you, spoiling it with facts.
STOP HIS LIES ABOUT YOU AND HILLARY ! HE APPEALS TO TWITCHING EARS WITH LIES AND RELEASING HIS INNER BULLY.YOUR JOB ISN'T EASY!
real process have point of creative imagination.
- when are we gonna see the Donald's tax records. If he's been so honest, then why haven't they been released???
Barack Hussein Obama, YOU are leaving the Whitehouse as the Worst President in history. You are the DEVIL!
/Goodbye Barack Hussein Obama and your family of Radical Terrorist Kinfolk with you !Good Riddance as Trump feels it too
your a fraud.
not according to Donald.   Lmao.
bubble to burst February 2017
It  managed to come back some despite you and your interference. You are do  delusional.
forced to take below grade jobs? black unemployment? those on poverty? less than 3% growth your entire term? horrible recovery?
all with manipulated stats and misleading information. Job particiapation? part time jobs now count as a full job? people
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
thats amazing cosidering @BarackObama has been trying to destroy private sector jobs.
