Happy birthday Mr. President
happy birth day to obama
Happy Birthday Mr. President
another way to take someone's money no thankyou
God Bless you Mr. President. Keep up the fight. Don't let the trump airheads bother you. I'm sure they don't. Happy happy
Happy birthday..
kaun Obama dev
. I am a big fann of Great Leader of this world i wish i could meet with #BarackObama..
lie
Happy Everything!
absolutely, thank you  mr president Barack Obama,!
Happy Birthday Mr. President. You're the best. I'm glad I witnessed your presidency. I'm glad I migrated to America when I did.
Happy birthday
Happy Birth Day To You
happy  birthday prez..
Happy Birthday Mr. President !
My Heart is Broken again... 2015408364 can we be friend ..
I'm sorry your heart is broken again . How may I be of some assistance?
Happy Birthday Mr President Barack Obama God's continual favor and blessings to you and your family!!! And grace and mercy 4USA
Same day! Will from Italy
Happy Birthday President Obama and may you be blessed with many more! #potusbirthdays
hi happy birthday!!! @BarackObama prez
I remember when I saw Jesus in the clouds when he was black that was in 2005 and then you came along 2008.
I will support Hillary Clinton she will do a wonderful job just like you
happy birthday mr. Barack Obama.
Happy Birthday to world's best president EVER!!!!! WE LOVE YOU!!!!!
happy birthday
happy birthday sir
happy 55
Heartiest Congratulations
Happy Birthday President Obama! Wishing many,many more to come. You changed history, and I'm glad to be living to see it!
Feliz cumpleaños señor presidente.xoxo
Happy Birthday!!!!
happiee birthday sir.
,
Thank GOD it's your LAST birthday in office!
happy birthday Mr President
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday.
Happy #DoubleNickel Mr. President... Thank-you for your historic and #bar raising service.
thank very much
The G. O. A. T.  We love you Mr. President. Happy birthday!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
history will know you as one of the top president ever. Hold your head high Commander. Happy birthday!
happy birthday mr. president
to bad it isn't your last birthday
С Днём Рождения!
happy birthday, BO! God continue to bless you. You've been a wonderful leader for our Era.
Happy birthday Obama. I'am very proud of the things
You accomplish  while you were president.
Gudos
happy birthday to a president who inspires us with his courage, integrity,  intelligence,  sense of humor, and compassion.
happy birthday! being who you are and accomplished all of this is a victory! You are exceptional.enjoy...
Happy Born Day!
This should make it extra special
Happy Birthday and much love from MS!! Greatest President Ever!!
My brain being controlled by satellite. I was attacked by satellite laser
happy 55's
ropek master
happy birthday!!
Happy Birthday!
feliz cumpleaños que Dios bendiga grandemente su vida
Happy Birthday Mr Obama. I would vote for you again. Much Love
Happy Birthday Mr President
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU MR PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA!!! HOPE TODAY BRING YOU JOY AMEN
U look depressed. 
Iraqi,Syrian & libyan victims will curse U & haunt U the day ever.
Happy haunted days with soul of victims.
Happy Birthday Blessings to you sir. Thank you for your incredible service & contributions. People say we look alike!
Happy birthday
BarackObama. Happy Birthday
Happy birthday my dear President.
I wish you a very Happy Birthday. Enjoy your day!
С днюхой тебя брат. Пиши если что не так.
Dude! Stop fucking up the world! Funding Isis, protecting terrorists... Stop it! We don't need it!
happy bday Mr President
Sir, Belated happy birthday to you may God bless you always
Hi sir USA king Happy birthday thanq you
We May not sighn?
Happy Birthday to my favorite President in the whole world! I hope you had an amazing day!
Happy Birthday our awesomebPresident Obama!
have a great birthday
Happy Birthday ! For every groaning critical person out there, there are a lot of quiet supporters. A hard job well done. :-)
#happybirthday
Happy birthday
happy birthday!
is the greatest president ever in the history
happy 55th! Thank u 4 ur service. Love u
बेस्ट किंग ऑफ अमेरिका  this is not last birthday in office. He will be elected again President of American. Happy Birthday
happy birthday president  Barack.  May you live to see many more! Be blessed.
 It's been awesome 2 terms on the WH!

happy bdae to you. Sir. We both share d same date.
Very very happy returns of the day
Happy Birthday! God bless you and the United States of America
Happy Birthday to you Obama,a nice day!
happy be zeday my nigga
Happy birthday Sir.  I wish you many happy returns
استبشرنا خير بداية عهدك يا سيادة الرءيس اوبا لكنك خيبة املنا كفلسطينين.نتمنى لك حياة سعيدة
Happy Birthday!
happy birthday Mr President
happy birthday much love
Happy Birthday! Pura vida!
Happy birthday Mr.president !!!
Happy Birthday, President Obama. Although I live in New Zealand, I think you have been a great president. :-) Keep Smiling :-)
God bless you and have a nice bithday Mrs. PRESIDENT.!
a very very happy birthday to you sir 
happy birthday prez! the country will miss you... thank you for all you've done and the example you've set. xoxo!
Happy Birthday Mr. President!
happy birthday Obama Sir
wishing you a very happie Bdy sir #Mr.obama
Happy Birthday  Mr President. U have  done a WONDERFUL job for this country. Thankyou very much.
happy birthday sir...
Happy Birthday to the best President! Enjoy!
happy birthday Mr President
Happy Birthday  commander  chief. God bless you
happy birthday dear Mr President.  Long live. Your work will outlive you.
happy birthday mr president obama
happy birthday mr president obama
happy birthday mr president obama
happy birthday...may god bless you..
Happy Birthday
HAPPY BRITHDAY SIR
happy life for years to come Mr. PRESIDENT. We are already missing you.
From one Leo to another: Happy Birthday, and thank you for your service!
Happy Birthday Mrs President!
Happy Birthday.
...So proud of you, President Obama! #Happy Birthday! RTSG
Happy Birthday Mr President. Still have the invite to your 2009 inauguration hanging framed on my wall. An inspiration to all.
Happy Birthday Mr President!!!
Happy birthday Mr. President
A lots of us gonna miss you I'm one of them HAPPY. BIRTHDAY SIR
happy Birthday sir
happy birthday Mister president and nice job on being the president
Happy Birthday!!! You are truly an inspiration to us
Happy Birthday Mr. President. Live long and continue to prosper.
Happy birthday!
Happy birthday President Obama!
I'm proud of your accomplishments!
Happy Birthday
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU PRESIDENT BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA. THE GREATEST PRESIDENT IN MY BOOK.MICHELLE FROM FLINT MICHIGAN
Happy 55th birthday President Obama!
Happy Birthday to u ,it is just that the is no third turn otherwise I could stay vote for u.
go away
Happy birthday  Mr. President
happy Birthday Great President
Happy Birthday, Mr. President!!
Happy birthday hope you have had a wonderful birthday
Happy Birthday Mr. President!  I wish you many more! You & your family have made me very proud!  God Bless!
Happy Birthday Mr. President!!
I hope u had a great BD, Mr. president!
Have a wonderful birthday bash......
Happy Birthday Mr. President!
happy birthday. You ARE tthe greatest president economically ever. You have a difference of about +5% change in the GDP thanks!
