we don't need globalism.
let's lock ourselves in the closet and maybe the rest of the world won't notice we're not there.
do you understand what globalism is? It doesn't mean we cut ourselves off from the world.
you're right but does Trump understand that?
he's actually fighting globalism.
how exactly...please no talking points..your own real opinion
securing our boarders and not letting un-vetted immigrants from Muslim countries, combatting NAFTA as a horrible trade deal
@DisciplesReagan Lovers of diversity, a free press, & true shalom get ready for opposition to your values and stay true.
@BarackObama
@sgrothe Chicago hoped on you, but you let them down so they're done now. #TrumpWon
Over 50% approval rating and climbing but whatevs...
Reuters & Bloomberg have him at 47% & 49%, respectively. Where do you Hillbots come up with these lies? #TrumpWon
.@BarackObama you liar! Black outside,but white inside!You got a Nobel Prize for peace because there's nothing for War.Recognize #Palestine!
Can't save humanity when you don't have any to begin with.
sucks
I'm sorry that you have to deal with such hate. You're a good man and a great president! I look up to you and I am proud!
The president who went to the church of 'God Damn America' and followed the writing of communist Saul Allinsky?
you mad?
That's all you got? Perhaps you should do a little research on your golden boy.
yep, he's mad!
Not much of a response there. Guess you really don't know that much about Barry Hussein.
That's very hard 17 years now no slavery no green card
@Colon88 That's Right!!
you are the best president the US have ever had and you will go down in history amongst the greatest! We love you Mr President
Islam History and Possible Future
IN LIGHT OF  CONDITION OF  BLK HOOD Obama must be remember as doing nothing 4 blk hood
a retweet of an idea does not signal support of the person who said it. Only the exact quote. This, we support.
I am a democrat who votes !
Dtrump emailed me.  Must have stolenHRC's list.#investigate?
i need 7000 dollor plz help me
thank you, Mr. President!  
(very sincere)How do we have hope? When I have been relying on my hard work coming from nothing.My system continues to fail us
Can you help remove interest from student loans for young people  who kept looking for jobs over couple of years.
it is not easy. And you can see a better option by being cynical of one thing. It is simply a stage in a process.
Remembering, and practicing
слова правильные но действия глупые
in. aac
I say unto you Sir, if all intelligence was as vibrant and invigorating as your opinions, future ideas will be present concepts
Amen
Hope, faith in God? Or our system? Because thats GOD. Scary, decides who lives,dies,judgements. Innocent pple. Are you real?
That would be my country. You sold us out. Cynical ? Pissed and ready to defend against you in Civil War we are.  Today.
Shut Up Barry! https://youtu.be/toIPvS9Pwgg 
Barack is so wise.... i wish
:one of many canadian admirers.Earl and Margaret Milligan.
you are a deceiver! Go play golf...
Government should be about what we choose to do together, as a people. That takes the involvement of all of us.
#Obama4SCOTUS
you still kicking this hope s$%t? its become a punchline. take it from me.. i voted from you twice...
Russia outmanouvres USA/West in Mid East. How long will USA continue to disengage from the World? From Worried UK Citizen.
Our President is so awesome
too bad you aren't an American
Beautifully said.
I'm fighting for a hiLlARy Free America.
We are going to change what you are doing to this country. Wagons and trucks across America.
Change is honering God and His plan and design more than the desires and lusts of men!
Go away from the stage,your time is finished, your dead from around the world are calling true leader.DonaldTrump your nightmar
hope is for beggars because your waiting on something instead of doing
@POTUS #BarackObama #PresidentObama #EverySingleDay #FightToMakeADifference InThe #World #MakeItBetter #ForAsManyPeopleAsYouCan
I agree. Being solution oriented is what successful societies do. 
A well understood problem is only half solved.
@BarackObama
Debt is the US Goliath & you are David.
your are an evil sob
..le plus difficile c est de faire marche arrière..
Amen cuzzo you tell them...Hope-Dreams and Faith is #Everything Look@God #WONTHEDOIT
byebye

Beautiful Mr President, I miss you already!
@sasyecat yes Sir!!!!
It's2bad there can't b an executive order that would make rules4fed.elections4all 50 states to make elections fair.
that is an awesome quote!
Thanks a lot Mr. President.
Many tried to speak via my congressman and senators.  You kept vetoing them. Houses of government ill-functioning.
we're so over that Barry #TrumpPence2016
That's what we Bernie supporters were doing, hitching our wagons to something bigger, more honest, willing to fight for right.
Why can't we beat Isis at their own game. Advertising on TV and Social Media how they kill and rape woman and children
That is true Mr.President Obama
Great Weekend Your Honorable Mr. President Barrack Obama
please over rule everything and stay as President @POTUS . This is not the time to say good bye.
sound good Mr president
that's true but good for church when you govern well you have to doubt the enemy intent. You should be a priest or a reverent
#neverhillary
you wight
having hope with you as president is impossible
KNOWLEDGE IS TRUE POWER WHEN TURNED ON
hi sir
can someone tell Nigerians this....
I am so disappointed in your behavior to support a liar like Hillary who has no integrity. You call into ? your own integrity.
you are the root of our current issues. You are no longer worth listening to.
also too easy to realize you made a mistake and call it "sarcasm"- Trump
the audacity of Hope.
@BarackObama @fqdayib
@BarackObama @fqdayib
President . The doctors accross boarders are desperating calling for your help!! Who is cynical?
thank you for not responding to that crooked crazy bigot trumpf. To the best President Obama
PLEASE, PLEASE  make sure we have armed guards at the polls in Nov.  Trump is trying to insight violence
Obama  2007 "Americans have a right to know what they're eating" Obama  2016 "I just signed the Dark Act" Yeah, cynical is easy
The new king said that you are free. Why? read here:

.    Movement to put Money into Black owned Banks and Businesses Gaining Momentum.in http://K.C.Mo . an Ks.
your changes or agendas executive order narratives do not reflect most Americans!! Forgot U HATE America with a vengeance!!!
. Our God makes that possible not Man or men!! We don't honor men!!!!
. Kansa City Mo is already started a Black Dollars movement with black lives matter. Liberty Bank and OneUnitedBank. Owned by Us
. Already has ten million dollars of accounts open.. Our money matters too. Where spend it. All these cop killings.
. So we have to take our Power back through the money stop spending your in there banks.. Blacks own banks too!!
. Read the full story in the Call paper in K.C.. Black owned too.96 yrs..Liberty Bank and OneUnitedBank..10million ..already.
So pls could you RT this petition for us in the UK .......
we have hope ........
I don't think US citizens can sign petitions on the govt. website.. I think it's Brits only who can do that...
Yes - I know - but wanted RTing #forabet
Ah right...... I think it'll be tomorrow it gets to 100,000.
Oh yes definately :-)
RECEP TAYYİP ERDOĞAN TÜRKİYE
"Leading from Behind" smacks of "cowardess"!
from begin we give views to the partner in measures of firm estability
let ir be
, #SPD - der faschistoide #Globalist zeigt Flagge
wtf on the dea???
Being honest is easy too. Being honest in the face of adversity shouldn't be anymore difficult. Honesty should be essential.
My brain being controlled by satellite. I was attacked by satellite laser
when you stop looking in the mirror about your legacy and actually did something more than put Amer at risk and divide a nation
absolutely
that and stop watching mainstream news.  ;)
No, cynics evaluate situations without trying to veneer adversity with "hope", but that takes HONESTY.
It feels impossible sometimes to hope since so many people support Trump
generally it's best to site your reference. http://www.biblestudytools.com/topical-verses/bible-verses-for-times-of-adversity/ …
I'm hitched...
Hope in the face of Adversity is not only Essential but critical to success. Thank you @BarackObama for that inspired words.
hope for what???
term over
Assist me. 
Respect God & his Prophet GJ2 https://m.facebook.com/HouseOfGod2/ 
@BarackObama
proud of you Mr. President
Exactly!
keep killing Muslims all over the world especially in kashmir Burma Syria Iraq yaman shame on you donkey's ear
help Syria, help the people who are dieing every day with all kind of weapons, stop war, don't be the cause of problems 
hope is a form of impotence. MAKE THINGS HAPPEN!!
The right thing to do is always the hardest. Why do you always choose the easy way out @BarackObama #politicallycorrectiseasynotright
but who is going to dig out csuses for being cynical??
soon new prez will come and system will change again, but thnx for showing trust in India Mr. Obama
few last tweets by US prez
Thank you for being our President!
@nvishasoni ग्रेट सर
( u are absolutely right on that.iam going for Hilary Clinton ha)
Is the world more violent now than at any other time in the past .Seem's so.
I will do whatever it takes to save our planet for our kids and grands. If we don't, then no one has a future and that can't be
You ride the waves of sarcasim, insults and cynic comments n action of you that you have become a MASTER OF SELF CONTROL. Tnx
Adversity teaches as a good teacher sir.
Amen @BarackObama
Obama is a Muslim terrorist
being cynical is easy because it means you no longer have to try.  Hope means trying. Cheers to hope!
vh czx,  CD. ccccx cbx
vh
Unless we accept that we will have to #fightfortheright every moment, we can't remain committed for the good cause for long.
- It was great, & I am grateful that u showed mercy to some deserving convicts who had questionable calls.
you and Hillary are the Pied Pipers of modern times. Keep buying votes with your welfare mentality!
u don't even care about black voters
and being wise enough to recognize it when it presents itself 
hlo sir how r u
If you had 2 brain cells, I'm pretty sure you'd take them out and play with them...starting a fire.....
you are the adversary to prosperity
you sold America to your muslim mates. Thanks God for Trump because Hilary corruption can't win.
精辟 牛逼
poornima from INDIA...
oh..  hope I have in spades. But believing that teams red or blue have anything other than divisiveness is short sighted.
so true!
That's why I'm voting for @DrJillStein in November. I have hope that she will win the White House. #Jill2016
@seanhannity it's not often you come across someone so narcissistic that thinks their own quote is worth reposting....SMH....
we "hope" your TPP will not go into effect.
Hope or delusion?
it's even harder when @wikileaks shows a 30 year Democratic voter the nomination process is corrupt beyond any shadow of doubt.
@joanmariapique collons Obama, quin crack! OMG Obama, LOL dude!
Yes sir, you are correct!
you have been hoping for along time. We are just ready for the change part. @realDonaldTrump
ur making it harder for Americans2fight for change by supporting corrupt,lying,cheaters like @HillaryClinton & @DNC .
that is why we believe America still has hope even though you have rode her into the ground.
Thank You President Obama for all you have done over the years.
man,you are a hero
liar
LIAR
I will do it myself not you are the Dictators
'something bigger than themselves'  the collectivism is nauseous
toyoetsu6579@gmail.com       After freezing the account, the account you request money remitted back to the United States.
We voted for hope when we voted for you. We got arrogance, 16 trillion in debt, and blood baths here and abroad. Acta non verba
