couldn't agree more, only take one person, one moment at a time to eradicate the horrors of the evil and violence we inflict
not sending violent criminals back out to the streets would be a good start as well as you stepping down send Hillary to prison
@aplsmith5 " A man acting entirely on his own initiative; dependent on no other. will get you."  US citizen.
how can a person believe that and trust that we have heard her deliberately lie against our military soldiers
President Obama I'm having a problem I don't understand why you did not force Hillary Clinton to show us the transcript
shouldn't u b more concerned with trump and his tax returns? #investigatesomethingthatmatters!!!!!!!
So the Orlando mass shooting was to make Congress act
Trying to make a statement against guns by wearing orange. Lots of orange during deer season. Stop evil stop Obama
should have put hilllbery in an orange jump suit!   that might have got some GOOD RESPONSE
#wewantabill
I agree something has to be done not take our freedom away to bear arms but more diligent security measures checks and balances
you could probably stop many more acts of evil by stopping illegal immigrants from coming here without being fully vetted.
no! Congress needs to enforce there existing gun laws and lock up violent criminals. Even the ones who threaten such violence.
how is America supposed to trust her to run America with lies and violent Taurus other country she wants War can't do it
we have that right that help us that understand what type of person Hillary Clinton is she told us it's none of our business
who it is with having the Appeals from the rich
I'll keep my guns thank you
stop sending money to terrorists start with your own race black on black violence blacks killing there own selling drugs to own
I've been separated from my wife and children because CPS has posted false accusations of abuse looking to years in prison
HELLO HANDSOME?
establish balance in between Pak-India support Peace and security policies across the borders @ImranKhanPTI
Thank you for all you do! Inspirational ~ We Can do it!
Love and Blessings to you and your family!
what if u r the evil, bro? what've u done in Africa; war in S. Sudan Iraq Syria, who made the ISIS, Riek Machar? u aint angel!
goog
I REALLY WISH I WAS RELAXING ON HIS CHEST EVERYONE'S.
@BarackObama
it's called arm everyone.. There are far more good people than bad.  It's time we let the good people help rid the world of bad
that's the ultimate true. Anytime I read or hear this statement from you, it is so resounding like the first time.
then stop messing with legal guns and introduce tough laws on illegal gun ownership. Pretty damn simple
Its human violence, not gun violence.  Will you outlaw cars next?
well said president! but which one?
How?
@iamwandasykes you need to do what Australia did, you cannot let a gun lobby dictate to you
you're part of the problem. Releasing immigrants that are criminals back on our streets. You should be ashamed yourself
Tell the Truth  how many Men did you send to fight in http://War.How  many did you Take Out of War (DMZ) Who took lives
In addition, also stop the American arms mfrs from profiting by fueling world conflicts and killing thousands worldwide.
make all new guns required to be smart & use fingerprints to unlock safety. This will save so many people! & keeps 2nd amndmnt
instead of controlling the violence why shouldn't we think to destroy the weapons or best thing is to stop making it?
:  How long did you live in Chicago? Your gun control policies and personal influence sure didn't help Chicago!
look who is talking
fuck trump??
start taking guns from criminals. Honest hard working Americans have the right to defend themselves.
Great Job Mr. President
But I Also Feel It's The Stability Of The People That Makes This Problem Continuing To Grow; Social Norms Needs To Change
@aurangzebniazi need to feel the pain of loved ones  no more guns
good statement
God bless you
liberalism IS violence
YEp/!
YOU are the act of evil, you create it everyday when you wake up.
Hey boy, why have you not gone to Chicago to clean it up. You all talk and worthless.
#CommonSenseGunLaws
#UnitedStates #PresidentObama
so why isn't weapons training done with compulsory education, and never proposed? #conspiracy
powerful people like yourself talk but nothing peaceful happens always violence come from that talk. People die because of u
you keep saying something needs to be done. What r u suggesting?
Ferguson effect costs lives
Esp in Chicago where most shootings r w/illegally obtained guns by African American gang bangers
can't you as Potus enforce law to ban it Sir? Greetings from India
https://www.facebook.com/Congo-Human-Rights-Research-CHRR-1714282395511341/ …
It Takes BALLS to do what we are doing. , https://igg.me/at/EasyColorExpress …, http://easycolorexpress.com 
, Your Word Sir Is Power
paradox we all need guns to do that, we know your bodyguards aren't  armed with flower power, Sr "not republican"
Hey dummy it's not gun violence its gang violence most clearly seen in your hometown of Chicago. Go back home and fix it urself
oh be careful sir you might insight the NRA. (says, who cares)
ONE OF THE GREATEST PRESIDENTS OF ALL TIME
This is bullshit fuck new world order
@MelissaMangs Cars and sugar take too many lives in America. Congress needs to act. 230 days to January 20, 2017.
I agree with you on sugar, can you agree that too many people are dying because of gun violence as well?
in mexico violence whit womens, is realy.
isnt that what LEO's do every single day? That's what I do.
@Hectorisfunny clean up chicago first then we will talk
JUST ONE! TAKING THE GUNS OUR OF THE HANDS OF LAW ABIDING CITIZENS WILL ONLY DISARM THE INNOCENT. ALL THAT EDUCATION WASTED :(
My felings its if you not police or military the only fire arms you can purchase is normal animal hunting .
It,s all about change and Dr,Guy T Fisher can show the streets that if he,s pardon by you Mr.president his story is needed
just one? That's the slogan you're going with huh ?
there is a man that can help with all this violence in these streets Dr.Guy T Fisher if you get him pardon he,s the truth
@BarackObama
And You Support HRC...A WAR HAWK!   Quit Bullshitting us "BARRY"!!!!!!!!
Congress doesn't need to do anything. You need to stop bitching about the cops and let them do their job. Stop Criminals!!
people are gonna get guns no matter what laws you try to handcuff our country with.In the right hands they save&protect lives.
I agree with this man
your right but try to stop killing of children en Venezuela; don't received ilegal money from military or Maduro Chavez family
We dont blame the car when it runs someone over we blame the driver The gun is not at fault its the user, Chicago...black males
history has shown that an armed society is not vulnerable to invasion
gun violence is not the fault of the gun or the gun manufacturer, it is the result of irresponsible individuals
Oui, absolument!
But it's so difficult to carry out considering the widespread of guns.
You have done more harm to America than guns ever have. You can't have our guns, SO GET OVER IT!
you're my Brobama.
2nd Amendment is to protect we the people from tyrant government. The 1st thing Hitler did was exactly what @BarackObama's trying to do.
violence can't be stopped violence let me be a peacemaker let me sing a song about peace
It's not the tool used but the hatred, anger, selfishness, intolerance, and evil behind it. Evil laughs at our misunderstanding
Obama hasn't the slightest idea whereGunviolence comes from nor does he know how to fix the gun violence!It's not theGun idiot!
The world watch when they pulled  General Collin Powell,off the Air when he tried to tell the World the Truth! GUN FOR DEFENSE
what is the world going good to do after Jan 20 '17 without your protection?
bwhahahah youre a fucking shit stirrer ..WE ALL KNOW PEOPLE KILL W/WEAPONS.. NOT WEAPONS KILL PEOPLE!!! #WhatHappenedToTheU.S.A
Gun License system based on an individual background will stop loss of life and check rampant killing of innocents..
very good...mr.president.best regards...
we also need to have arms control worldwide so we can really save lives. Let's build schools and hospitals not tanks & missiles
jails are way ahead with that idea
good reason to decrease population. #positiveapproach
rightly said. Hope will lead
. And pink and black. You are the man of the moment BO. LISTENED TO BUT NOT ALWAYS UNDERSTOOD. Love you. Jx
wear orange to better the American DREAM.
it's people, not the guns! Humans have been killing each other for 1000s of years. Stop blaming guns. Blame their mental health
like the illegal aliens that you let in and killed Kate. You are a fraud.
has abandoned Chicago.
dishonest social media struck again. I signed up to tweet Trump and I get Obama ' s crap.
just like China?bullshit！
violence must be stopped everywhere.... everyone has a right to live a peaceful life....
go set on your porch were you belong.
take my guns, huh?
violence is a part of the human nature. You and me and a few others can TRY to stop it, but sadly it'll never work.
#WearOrange 
Responsible citizens have the right to bear arms The irresponsible violent criminal mentally impaired should  not!
Keep 100 million cars a year “OFF THE STREET” campaign http://exactcolors.com 
@aplsmith5
It's the culture of violence in America that is the problem Mr. President, not the guns.
I'm not going to be disarmed to stop one act of violence, when the one that can't be stopped might happen to me!
I wore orange today and let me tell you that orange is not on my color wheel, but this is important.
..Yes I agree!...Obama!
