Great! We just want January to come & have @realDonaldTrump sworn in! What happened with DOJ cover up? We need your comment!
sounds like failed leadership to me.
He has more experience of dishonoring the Constitution. The document you hate.
no and hell no no more liberals in the Supreme Court jerk
I mki9o
Insanity in Congress They should all be charged with dereliction of duty,  theft in office,  and conspiracy to commit treason.
good pick.
sorry we didn't want to mess up that 300 round of golf
@iamrashidajones 
They are doing the job I voted for them to do to keep out liberal judges.Do YOUR OWN JOB!!!
woa
Doesn't make him good for court. The court is already packed with Ivy League and could use a Normal Joe Judge
shame on our right wing haters
and anti gun
because the deomcrats would have so confirmed a republican nominee right?!?  #merrickgarland @Scotus
the GOP is too busy supporting, and,  trying to white wash Donald Trump's quotes.
New book MAKING OF DONALD TRUMP is must-read. Always been crooked, cheat, liar; NEVER paid taxes; phony awards; bribes unions.
Trump's a racist????
No I'm sure it's Hillary...watch this...
https://youtu.be/Ezaw-g6TIQI 
This is 'Murica. If you don't do your job, you should get fired. If you destroy your country on the clock, no pension for you!
@theDesiFeminist good job @HouseGOP @SenateGOP don't accept him I'm sure u regret #LorettaLynch
So...what's the count at now? Sigh.
vk nbl
we can all point a finger at the guy with zero morals @SpeakerRyan and his minions.  Do nothing congress.
how they stay on the payroll is beyond me 
-Sen Mark Warner
that is what you get for passing that Monsanto bill feeding us poison how can you  live with yourself Karma
@sweetnonnie 

This is sad and absolutely unnecessary.
Reference?
wow! Almost as long as Hillary's last press conference
goddamn Mitch McConnell
Criminal Treason experience against our Constitution is the true definition of the word experience when used by DNC Party
that is the problem. We need common since.
finally the senate is doing what they said they would do, protect Americans from an assault on the constitution.
LMAO. You believe your lies?
To think they're holding out in the hope trump will appoint someone better... smh
The irony is, Garland is the best they can expect. G.O.P. is great at one thing...shooting itself in the foot.
Amen Mr President,   If they had God in them they would not act that way. God Bless You and your family
. Just like Hillary Clinton is the most qualified presidential nominee in history?  Your words are weak and pithy.
After all of this president's missteps, the last thing I trust him to do is to nominate a SCOTUS justice.
the Republican dominated congress continues to deprive the country of the ninth justice.
we don't want your pick for Supreme Court don't you see. #do your job #NoTpp
Sir, why are you releasing all these Federal prisoners? Please stop.
what a shame
TENHO MUITO ORGULHO DO SENHOR PRESIDENTE.AMO SUA FAMILIA.
very sad. That's not a fair.
They are doing there job!!!
if you or your friend crooked Hillary ever told the truth, I'm sure the the world would end.  I'm wondering you sleep
your a disgrace and a traitor
don't you know did more harm than any other president
@CNN @CBSNews @NBCNews @ABC @FoxNews @MSNBC @AriMelber @Morning_Joe @NewDay @Carolcostello8 @ChrisCuomo @ScottPelley
move on
Senate Republicans have sure been obstructive & Karma's killing them. Looks like they're imploding right before our very eyes.
now your replacing him with a possible Trump doesn't make you guys look smart
he is a very smart man, pity he didn't get to do what he wanted
I think he meant  well but the powers around him defeated his goals
I think he has been railwayed by the rich unfortunately
ya!ya!ya!my presido.
do you promise not to pull his nomination if Hilary wins in November?
It's been a record breaking 8 years since you've told the truth.   That's why you are a feckless toady.
snap decisions usually end bad.
A compelling reason why BO would pick the least possible controversial nomination ever:  That way it is PURE obstruction
We need to get the gop party out of Washington
Not to worry. They will have 2 face reality or accept they r no different from Trump
i agree with John  I believe in truth democracy freedom but the gop party does not any more
Mr Obama how can you sleep?
Mr Obama how can you sleep?
we dont want you nominating ANYONE!
This is outrageous! Is doing your job too much to ask of our Congress?
Hang it up, Barry.  Trump will be nominating the next SC Justice.  #MAGA
Happy Birthday POTUS  We love you
9521175238 Bharti from India, please.
help me sir, for sent my help request your friend Honorable Mr. Narender modi Ji, prime minister of India.
regard Bharti india
Happy Birthday Mr President!!
Help me sir, for sent my help request your friend Honorable Narender modi Ji Bharti India +919521175238
president has grown younger the past few months, hmmmm gradually relaxing from the global stress, cool
happy birthday and thank for giving African woman a chance. #inspiried.
happy birthday
You better get him seated before November because Hillary is not going to win.
My brain being controlled by satellite. I was attacked by satellite laser
it's a terrible thing that elections have consequences
Happy brthday Mr Obama have an awesum day mike+paula+the girls
what a disgusting situation
Happy Birthday Mr. President. You are handsome as ever.#Happy Birthday44
You first #worstpresidentever
Shaking up the Industry,  http://easycolorexpress.com 
你啥时候来重庆玩玩呗
happy biethday
You forced Obamacare on us .. now we return the "favor"!! ... get over it!!
It has been a record 2,752 days since an islamic fascist has been president and still no impeachment. Please don't  #doyourjob
150+/- days left for the #firstAfricanAMERICANpresident 2 #visit the #firstAFRICAN descent nation in the Americas #HaitiExists
Amen
the American people do not trust you Barry. Why should we consider your nomination
Do you know Britney's new album, called glory, please help promote
Isn't it a shame that politics stand in the way of nominating a wonderful judge.  @HillaryClinton will see that it gets done.
@BarackObama
I am disgusted by how little cooperation you get.
What a disgrace!
what a shame...
The problem with Republican's and Tea Partiers is that they only hail the Constitution if it agrees with their prejudices.
they are doing what the people want. Waiting til your gone. Can't wait.
he can wait till after Trump is elected.
and still #NoJusticeNoPeace for
so POTUS what did you expect from the party of No. Karma is something else, I must say.
- It's pathetic that these are elected official but do what they want to do rather then their jobs!
Could still happen this year. Like on Nov. 9 or 10.
Probably because he is far left and we don't want him.
Until we say enough is enough, the #donothingcongress will continue to hold America hostage.
No!  DO YOUR JOB...
The flipside you had
0 experience to be President, also let's not talk about your credentials for winning the Nobel Peace Prize
He's pro Citizens United. How about a judge that will consider all of us, not just a few?
Some much is broken now and I am sad for my America.  You have, and always will be, BEST President and I've lived through 12.
# ironic For the man that's done the worst job in the history of the office to criticize someone for not doing their job
FACT :   the word O-baa-ma is a Kenyan term meaning  " a female sheep "..... Yeah right & you let out how many blacks out 200 +
the US is finally getting rid of you! Why would we insert one of your disciples!! #leave looser
on Inauguration Day it will be 309 days since Garland was nominated.
@BarackObama
why is he still out there?
@BarackObama
record breaking 247 days since Hillary had a press conference too
The best of the world
you should tweet Repubs comments on Garland, eg Conrad Burns: "[he] has the character and is highly qualified for the position"
#NoTPP
.Obama's gotten in2 the tweeds w/ BS like dis. Then again His Imperialness has smoke tons of it, which explains much.
doesn't that tell you how much the American people distrust your decisions? Congratulations, u played itself
try doing yours
feels like history is moving in slow motion, but too fast to stop. All the mistakes that led to Trump are clear. Hillary 2016!!
Hollywoodkc27LIVE's podcast: IS OBAMA SIDING WITH CORRUPTION ??? VOTE TRUMP!!!
let's be more concerned about the 400 million dollars you sent to Iraq as a ransom. Considering we are 19 trillion in debt #D16
if they are holding your nominee hostage, maybe 400 million dollars would do the trick? #Iran #GOP #DoYourJob first
#AMerrickA

@BarackObama @Dorian_Sage
#lameduck
don't worry nobama , President Trump will get the job done !!!
How bout practice what you preach. "DO YOUR JOB" and stop turning my country in to a racially-divided dumpster fire.
it has been a record breaking six years that Governor Don Siegelman has been rotting in prison. a little help please Sir?
you are taking the wrong approach. Take our old Mayor Daley approach. Lock them all in a room until the make a decision.
its amazing how the @FBI is more concerned with who the EMails and the actually rigging of the DNC election @TheDemocrats
What, another member of the Brotherhood,  or a judge that will help you and your Islamic Agenda?
there should be a way to sue congress, crying shame.
https://www.gofundme.com/familyfirstlevelup# …
you said the world out there dnt understand wat gng on wiz ur elections. yes u right!!! we dnt? seriously trump??
do yours stop betraying the amercian way of life
keep pursuing you are a good man!!!
not going to happen we the people don't trust you you have shown you don't care
@WhiteHouse @POTUS @SgyYogarajah NEEDS NO DETAILS. THE FAILURE OF THE SENATE IS NOT GOOD FOR THE DIGNITY OF U S A. SOON THEY OK
can't the refusal to act on this be considered an act of treason?
Secret cash payments.  Sounds about right coming from you. http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-sent-cash-to-iran-as-americans-were-freed-1470181874 …
no more liberals for scotus
Ignores "Biden rule", attacks reps doing same thing dems did (and would do again)

Ah, the Great Divider, All hail thee!
We need another Obama in office .. If it wasn't for President Obama this country would of never gotten better. Say yes to Obama
wish u started doing Ur job 8 yes ago,instead of bowing to the Saudi King,u created this crisis in the mid east,most unfit pres
GOOD!!!
Well that escalated quickly.
you are weak weak weak
No more activist Leftist judges.
how can we help get the wheels turning Sir ?
Ever considered possibility this has something to do with your stance & the fact you want to tip scales in your political favor
@ChetAdams2 Yah right like BHO as Pres No exec exp Run nothing but his mouth & it shows
l look at
Take Back Your FREEDOM! With http://exactcolors.com 
That why they call you a lame duck President!
@MrJonCryer good
