not through Obamacare as the rates are going through the roof
who? I'd love to know where this stat came from. $650 sounds more like it
100% on the money, thank you !!! I can't believe the POTUS tweeted this misleading infomation
Can't afford 70.00 a month
guess u guys will have to wait to get rid of Trump before anything gets fixed tho...
BullSh$t!!! That's only if you spit 10 kids out and are enslaved by Welfare! Doesn't work for the working family! Thanks alot!
Godmorning .
i du pry dat one day u wil be a christian and hp u wil cm tu kenya
You do realize a lot of people can't afford $75 a month right?


hopefully there's still a planet left by the time he's done tho :-(
(needs to be FREE for most people and paid for with taxes already taken from them)
nice idea but no where near affordable for most people :-(
Back to the drawing board
More lies by the Obama Admin and his cronies. More like 5% are happy with it; The rest are busy looking for 2nd and 3rd jobs to pay for it.
How come my insurance has increased to where my premium for "Corporate America" insurance has increased to where I pay ~$4k/year, with a $4k/year deductible?  For me, #Obamacare created medical coverage that I can no longer afford to see a doctor.
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982894575126745088 … 2658
Did you like it ?
Perfect #gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/FXgzqh  
Click URL: https://goo.gl/FXgzqh   
…
Mr @BarackObama your information shared here, derived from where?
God bless you Sir Jay jagnntha satyy meb jaytye
SEE TRUMP AND THE GOP ARE LIARS AND MAKE THE COUNTRY HATE  NOT GREAT!!
ObamaCare is determined to have the most satisfied customers in the business. -OO
@POTUS  Repeal and replace! Thank you to the new president of the United States.
Lol you are truly a joke.
Kay sachmoch Obama
Your begging for 75$ when you have billions to Iran in Swiss currency ?
In Saudi and gulf and Canada , healthcare is free .
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
Good old man, blessing you, good morning, good night, good night, yes, Lord, Lord, Buddha, Jesus Christ,
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快乐,再见
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快樂,再見
I'm Chinese I
One big lie, Only ones reporting this are those that are subsidized.

3 out of 4 living in free govt. housing.  the 4th is too buzy selling drugs and gets it for less than 80/month.
Another Huge Lie for Team Obama! I am a small business owner and it cost over $550 per month! Stop your lies!
in other words, well done there. Maybe not a full copy of actual nationalised systems but as close as the USA might ever get :)
(fwiw I'm on equiv of about $22k pre-tax, & approx 55% is below min wage so not taxed or counted for nat. insurance contribs)
of course, things change a bit if you become unemployed, but it may still be possible to scrape 17 bucks a week...
I'll have to double check, but i think that's actually less per year than is taken from my wages for the NHS levy... :o
More lies. Sure glad you are gone and the ACA will be gone soon.
and then be told at #TaxTime that you had not paid enough and are penalized for it. Even though you questioned the low amount
tell the whole truth!  And deductibles no one can afford!  You ruined our health care!  Tired of entitlements. Worst Pres ever
you say $75 a month. Hey so I'm thinking why are you not on obama care yourself
are you serious this is a joke
man are you pulling the wool over the American people's face Obamacare was the worst I had better coverage 30 years ago.
With all due respect this statement is not true. The Obamacare was good the first year and went down steadily. Too expensive
Our country is coming a part all around us. My stomach hurts looking at these pictures. Everything was going alright 1-19-17
Really?  Is that why I, a single, childless person, had to pay over $200 a month while unemployed in Nov and Dec 2015?
More fictional numbers probably achieved without counting subsidies provided from our tax money.
surely that's part of the point. The poorest get a hand up from the general tax & insurance funds.
according to government accountability office premiums will need to increase to 25000 per year per person man woman and child.
this is not true!!!
Who are these three in four people? I would like to contact them.
........ I support this guy, but get real, potus!
that's funny the cheapest one I got was $900 stop lying to people
#inwhosworld!
Boy it must be nice to omit facts that disagree with a preset conclusion.  You're worse than the pied piper.
with a $2000 deductible, not affordable
you are a joke shared around the world. Can't wait for the REAL president to take the stage. Black soul in the white house.
Did donald slapped you yat or he is nice ??
Thisbisbjust unbelievable bullshit
That's really awesome 
Lies lies li s. We on to U
Your statements  are very correct  If you partispate  election  You are the right winner .  Have a Nice day  Manamohan
because 80% are parasites and don't pay their share.
@ISIDROM96590055
I quoted 12k yr & it wanted me to pay 280 a month for the cheapest plan to 500 a month for the best. HOW ARE EITHER AFFORDABLE?
Only the price and the penalty if you don't buy the garbage.
OBAMACARE ISNT MUCH I KNOW PEOPLE WHO HAVE IT
i love you Obama
Really? Most people I know won't be able to afford it next year.
75? My quote is in the 300s get out of of here
is my presdent i am ready tody i am whit you my prasdent
I must be one in four then. Can only afford Obamacare if I stop paying my mortgage.

LIAR!!!
I am self employed.   It is the biggest monthly cost for our family and we "benefit" from $6000 per person deductible. #BROKEN
All the more reason to live traditionally. ^_^
people who act as secret shoppers --- disagree with you out here in REAL america
where is my 2500.00 u promised. Doesnt seem to be working. As we say in private sector, poor business model. #repealobamacare
That's a lie.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  So easy to just lie.
I'm not even in the middle class yet,  45 yrs old,  insurance has more than tripled.  Co-pays and scripts both doubled.  
They lie worse on line
but cannot afford to pay the deductible.
nobody can afford this crap
awfull president in history
THOSE WOULD BE THE ONES THAT PAY NOTHING. FREEBIE ON THE TAXPAYERS
we love you President Obama. Thank you for your service and impeccable example as POTUS.
You're the same LIAR who said my premium would go down by $2500 and I could keep my Doctor
unfortunately,  my premiums are going up  $200/mo this year.  My deductible is  $3000. Seems unconscionable!
Yes, but that's $75 that many don't have...what then?
when you live on $500 and Oklahoma can't help you and you are gonna tax me in January..where is my repose?
peace will come if you kill leaders of talliban like this
@I am alone I have to pay &75.00 plus $121.90 monthly.I am on disability.I nearly can afford food for the whole month.
I can't spare a penny . yet.
At the cost of the 1 of 4.
$$$75.00 is a lot of money for someone who doesn't have a job.
But they cannot ever use the deductible!
welcome to Jacksonville Fl.  I m here to see y.  Praying for your family & Hillary family.  

scared ? Really?
to struggling Americans that is quite a bit! Only thing that came out of the ACA is no more pre existing conditions. #BigPharma
I truly don't understand, why isn't the Trump university case and the rape case being discussed?
i must be that "other" one-in-four then, because my insurance as a totally healthy no condition or medication man is $400/month
That's a lie! The middle class end up paying for the poor w sky high premiums, deductibles and co pays. Can't use the insurance
LIE! Premiums to skyrocket next year. Sorry Barry, Obamacare is collapsing just like we said it would.
THAT IS SUCH BULL & WHAT IS THE DEDUCTABLE? OBAMACARE SUCKS
I cannot get coverage for less than $400/month with a $5500 deductible. Where are you getting these stats?
I'd imagine from states that are actually opted in to the whole Obama Care thing
then why can't Missouri go back to the free market where I can afford even a horrible plan?
non transparent POTUS
# that is laughable # 7150 deductible # unaffordable health care
Health insurance is horrible.Stop covering for Hillary.We want change. She is a liar,corrupt etc. You are in the same catergory
Full of it is what my husband says,
$75 per month    Really on what planet
600 dollars with a 8000 dollar dedication
nice
That is a lie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
some ppl cannot afford $75/month
@MariaBartiromo Who are these 75%? Your number incredibly difficult to believe.
you are lying. My insurance is up over %125 the last 4 years thanks to your "affordable" care act.
$75.00 per month from ObamaCare?  Obama must be back to sniffing powdery stuff if he believes his own words.  More like $1400/m
We know you want single payer system down the road.  Why should we trust the government with a 2 trillion dollar industry?
Mr. President, your legacy will be based on results.  Real world= receiving real mail with real bills! 650 and 7200 deductible
WRONG. Your corrupt cabal is about to be in prison once Trump drains the swamp! Sleep well Barry!
if you have Obamascam there is plenty to be scared of people
I could never have afforded the kind of coverage I have without Obamacare. Insanely grateful for my new hips! Thank u Mr Obama
it's a lie!!!
I'm the 1 in 4 that pays for this nightmare rigged medical system for myself PLUS the other 3. THANKS! #TaxationIsTheft
only thing to be scared of is what you will attempt to destroy next! America's #1 worst potus is YOU OSLOBBINATOR
that policy is not offered in Texas. The same policy my staff had originally went from $525 to $900 a month. Just to difficult.
bs
