It helped me!
that's not the issue - healthcare shouldn't be expensive in the first place, it's bc Healthcare has no market prices
I'm glad you got some help - but the Government isn't a charity organization that can force people to pay for you
these premium increases on people are built in to subsidize you at others expense - that's STEALING from people
You assume a lot! I'm self-employed & pay a lot, but at least now can get coverage, which was impossible before
then you need to learn more about how markets function instead of advocating for a wasteful program
I really want get this Guy
I really admire the forty fourth president of the United States and of America
EGG

I really want this Guy
Hey. Obama
Good
I really want your love honey
I really want have and ongoing relationship with Barack Obama
Barack Obama and I really need you guy really bad handsome

كفو    كفو
helo
I really want see him
Where is this guy?
I really want love to you Barack
I really have asked you several times and to be my boyfriend
Voii idiot. Nyet to voi.   Feodore Speaks
This is not my site. Someone is using my name illegally!
@TusharI40879422
Bonjour
Where’d you dear
I really liked you handsome and i really do honey
Where is this young at American people’s
While you can run for President again my boy
سلام شب بخیر
I really want to have and ongoing relationship with him and his name is handsome Barack Hussein Obama
I have a really bad crushes on Barack Hussein Obama
Red carpet thy Lords, screams Mulocks system he screams 3rd temple juice,you shall reap he screams.  Im oh so bewildered and love drunk from my captain thy lord,  he says you want me to be thy satan i will be Vengeances on greedy evildoers destroying thy seeds which have yet born
@BarackObama
I really want you honey
I really liked that voice of Barack
I really love this guy to the bottom of my heart
I want to have relationship with this Guy really bad Americans and his name is Barack
Season’s greetings to you and everyone else from N B Barack Obama.
I really want chat with you handsome and soon too alright
Hey Americans I really liked this Guy and his name is Barack Hussein Obama
Hi handsome and where’d you dear
It's 5:36 AM
It's a show. Why?  What exactly was a show about 2013?
Do you think this is funny?  That GA Falcons license plate with GA temp tag Porche from GA here.  With a guy playing a saxophone?
President Obama referring to himself in the 3rd person?
Is doing okay so far
Axlylant obama your asked him peopl
like you
يا سلام عليك يا ملك
sei la cosa più inutile, dopo Saviano
Here for the wore I. Fest please
Priseblal being blown up
As it libertters of ur maning faces there wore
As you cont even get ur priorities straight
It what it about
And look at sarrya
What is she teaching kids what do you actually say for the whole world
As there no way you let that happen
See y ur ment to be an tarrst
Never mind the whole world as ur maning faces for the next generation
Kids
Next generation and you got the whole wore right there there in ur maning faces indstruter so what you say for the whole world and teaching
As nation of ur maning faces indstruter under bush trump Obama all I got to do is Ariana as nation of ur maning faces indstruter for the
For ur national
So what the f do you actually say for the whole world teaching kids
Look at sarrya shold be you right now
See I'm hold mate fucking rights the what you are there that is for share
So think of ur fucking speek to open the histblal
Have Michelle run for president, America needs you both back.
Love you @BarackHObcma 
##  HAVE A  NICE  DAY  BARACK  OABAMA  AND  ALL  FAMILY  ##
I miss him. Too sad.
I lik  u
Great speech
Good president
man you're great
appreciated the service deliver under your administration world wide.
Salam
Lol you lie to yourself cause nobody else believes you.
Sanjaybundhun
Soon Obamacare no more.
Love u mr x president
Baya, I have to make it to UK and Ireland and the other hand,
What the big deal my dear former president isn't in office anymore okay stop playing games with me and whoever is in charge of this twitter.
I want Barack Obama?
I want Barack Obama
I liked everything about you honey
I really want go on my dear former president
Now I am going to listen to a CD Tupac And I fight for Justice for Kurt as well And it is nice to know that you are a Nirvana fan President
Very unusual and disturbing to me I just hope for the United States of America that impeachment happens really soon And he is removed
States of America I hope that there is impeachment right away for Trump because he has insulted the President before him And that is
Best Presidents that the United States has had Since John F Kennedy and His brother as a Senate running for the President of the United
And thank-you so very much President Barack Obama for reading this message if you do read this message I think that you were one of the
Involved in the demonstrations That was at Standing Rock So I pray that impeachment takes place sooner than later for Trump
And thank the Lord for Leonardo DiCaprio For he is standing up for the Aboriginal Peoples And I mean not just by word But actively
Predjustice as a KlueKluzclan would be by insulting the Victims and their families at the Clarksville Church Massacre in South Carolina
At the guilty persons family and their suffering He might as well Have put a white sheet over his head with two eye holes Because he was as
At South Carolina when he said We just can't look at the suffering of the victims Family's in this courtroom We have to look at the
A white sheet on his head With two eye holes and show everyone what he really is A Predjustice KlueKluzclan Just like the first Judge was
The OK for that Pipeline right through an Native Indian Reserve He does not care about the citizens of America Trump might just as well put
For his own protection as well Because he is mentally disturbed And he has already got insulted the Aboriginal Peoples of America by giving
Him I just hope the word impeachment becomes a household word in the United States of America so he can be removed quickly and that is
He should not be talking about the first Black American President in any way When there is no need to slander The Obama Presidency before
Watch the American election at all Any of it And I know that he is Predjustice Because he shouldn't be talking about the first
Washington DC and when I saw that he held his first campaign there I knew right away That he was so very so very Predjustice And I couldnt
They came right up on Parliament Hill in South Carolina Right after you The President of the United States of America left to go back to
Obama after you the President of the United States of America left South Carolina after you left the funeral procession The Klue Clux Clan
When I saw that his first campaign was to take place in South Carolina where the Clarksville Massacre took place And after you President
I hope that he gets impeachment The Americans have to get him out if the Oval office Because he is going to end up Doing something terrible
Watch the American election Because I didn't want to recognize Trump as even a possibility So I did not watch the American election campaign
It started because I just knew how Trump was And just seeing his face on the news scared the living daylights out of me So I refused to
And that boat would break And Mother's and children list their lives to drowning I could not watch that American election at all From when
Syrian refugees would buy from someone trying to make a profit off of a Syrian refugee Mother's and children in a little dingy boat
Going through He just turned his head Away from People who just want to live Anywhere safe I wonder if he even looked at the news When
And he lives in his Little shell Why doesn't he go and visit a refugee camp in Syria And see for himself what These Syrian refugees are
And he is going backwards in time Why would anyone want to build a wall around California the land of the free That is so ridiculous
Him in the Oval office Because I can't think of anyone who would want to vote for him He is out of his mind Running the Country of the free
President Trump so scared of the Mexicans for It is like he is scared of anything that is not rich and white Putin must of helped get
Have any insurance And the Doctor was so nice to me He just told the nurse to give me a Tecna shot And it was totally free And why is
Foot on glass in Hollywood and I went to the Hollywood Hospital and I told the Doctor that was on duty That I am a Canadian and that I dont
America they will not help you But that isn't true They helped me for free And I really think the Americans liked me And one time I cut my
Phyciatric Hospital and the Americans paid for it And we as Canadians were told that if you don't have health insurance when you visit
Phyciatric Hospital Metropolitan West Los Angeles Phyciatric Hospital Laguna Beach Phyciatric Hospital and a few more Oh ya Portland Oregon
To me Police would pick me up sometimes and take me to a Phyciatric Hospital and the Americans paid for it Once I was in Hollywood
California three times from Vancouver and was living on the Beaches of California And to tell you the truth The Americans were really nice
That is wonderful President Obama I am Canadian And we have free Medicare and we don't have to pay for Health care But I hichiked to
As a mother of two, with a low paying job, I managed health ins.  So tell me why everyone can't  pay for it? Gimme generation that's why.
obama
President Obama we know the truth!! Black guy gone and their true colors are very clear! Veterans their going hurt you and senior $disabled
President would of got into the White House Because of his insecurities It is very dangerous for the United States of America
The United States is at risk Don't get me wrong I am glad that Hillary Clinton didn't get in But I wish just any other person running for
Mexicans out of California He must be a very insecure person To do such a thing And when there is a insecure frightened by the Mexicans
Church and have every right That We Canadians have How can that man Decide on who should live or die President Trump That is what he is
Baptist Church has helped to bring a Syrian refugee family to Canada And they are not obligated to us in anyway They can go to a Muslim
And Justin Trudeau put a monatorium on Fracturing in all of Canada And he ialso We Canadians help the Syrian refugees My church Higfield
Got rid of the greedy conservatives And voted for the Liberals So The Premier Brian Gallant put a monatorium on Fracturing in New Brunswick
When the greedy conservatives wanted to fracture for natural oill In Rexton Big Cove Native Indian Reserve The Native Indians rioted and we
And insult the Aboriginal Peoples Inheritance that is the land that was given to them And just like here in Canada When the greedy
Thank-you President Obama even though you are not in the Whitehouse now And I wish you were You would never of let them build that Pipeline
YOU ARE THE BEST PRESIDENT OF MY EXISTENCE!
http://apple.co/2nHgbDO   #SignOfTheTimes  #Scandal  #AmorESexo  #Vertigo2017 #Riverdale
#SomethingDifferentOutNow
Barack Obama। ভালো থাকুন।
what have been up since you left the white house honey
where is my boy Barack @BarackObama
50 years in canada you were the best i can remember
your right, it helped a very few..obamacare is sad
muito bom, eu concordo com tudo
no need to defend. move onto bigger and better things.....DC and the WH are a joke now with Trump ....yet isn't so funny.
sooooooooooooooooooo happy he isn't the president anymore!!!!!!!!!!!! Whew!!!!!!!!!!!!
RIGHTNOW HONEY
I NEED YOU HANDSOME?
I WANT HAVE AND ONGOING & ROMANTIC LOVE RELATIONSHIP WITH BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA.
I'M VERY SORRY THAT THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION HAD TO END BACK IN JANUARY OF LAST MONTH AFTER ELECTION LAST YEAR 2016.
