There is absolutely no incidents of election fraud @AGMcThugabobs. Get a grip!
  @BarackObama
Your tin foil hat is on WAAAYYYYY too tight @AGMcThugabobs @BarackObama @StateDept @UN
You're not making any sense. Are you a liberal like me or a RWNJ @AGMcThugabobs @BarackObama @StateDept @UN
Do you speak English?     @AGMcThugabobs @BarackObama @StateDept @UN
Can't you o'erleap them?
Not Constitutionally, but that seldom matters to him.
And clearly staying in your lane doesn't matter to you. Please troll elsewhere. #BlackLivesMatter
Stating fact is trolling? You must lead a pathetic existence. 
Learn how Twitter works, then.
Clearly you don't know what a fact is. Let me demonstrate. You're muted & can yell away cause I won't see it. THIS is a fact.
Dude you are lame!
Thanks for your irrelevant opinion. 

#blacklivesmatter
my opinion isn't irrelevant to me but yours is. Have a day!
Get a couple more terms?
The .@GOP has not had an interest in doing their job since the Eisenhower Administration.
@t_araya2010 THAT'S RICH! You asking anyone to do their job!!!  National Debt? ISIS? Jobs? Affordable health insurance? Syria?
judge like Judy Garland can get it somewhere over the rainbow!
you are shameful
@SenateMajLdr, why are you scared of @BarackObama's #SCOTUS nominee? If your so sure he won't get confirmed hold a vote unless you're scared
:no it's not, it's the right thing to do for the good of this country.
EFFORT IS REQUIRED BY THE CONGRESS.  KEEP ON SIGNING PETITIONS . i DO
Perhaps you should take the hint......
Judge Bork?????
another fucking lie
I appreciate your service to this country so much. You are the greatest!
يا نانوس عين أمك يارخم اتفووووو عليك
iki yüzlü köpekler birgün gelip belasını bulacaktır... NE MUTLU TÜRKÜM DİYENE
5 more months to go.
: I for one can NOT wait 4 your post prez tweets and posts !!!
Do yours too Oblamo! Uphold the constitution and quit shitting on WE THE PEOPLE.
talking about irresponsible.   When have you ever been responsible Muslim
Wat Special Thng Ave U Barack Dne 4 Uganda In Particular In Ur Presidential Career At Da White House
it's a sad state of affairs when Republicans cannot see past their noses; that Judge Garland is a great choice.
You helped create this environment as a senator. Now you complain about a mess you helped make. Chicken came to roost!
Many wish Senate heard the challenges as to where u born/citizenship as the constitution required - you would not be President
you have no right to a nominee,  you are a lame duck  commie
@DRCDems
That fool can wait till hell freezes over. No! Not in an election year! Dems started this crap. Quit crying.
shameful and disgusting!
We keep calling and writing our Senators to #DoYourJob
Hang in there POTUS
IT'S OFFICIAL THE PRESIDENT IS A SAVAGE!!!! this is why he should stay president forever.things like this #SAVAGE #Obamacarelol
Politics.
#doyourjobs and you can start with confirmation hearings for Judge Garland.  You people are bl
#doyourjobs with s many things but how about starting with c
I've worked in Hillary's campaign and she's won my state so I was proud to meet her as well. She will be a great President.
yeah that's ok they R doing it on purpose so they can say you did nothing . They're trying to pull a stunt on you Mr President.
Picking a non progressive was shameful. Get money out of politics.
NO VOTE TILL YOUR GONE!!!!
Don't worry about Donald Trump bad mouth about you and Hillary, I had voted for you twice & Hillary has my vote too!
If you're getting impatient, start over and try again!
please tweet out your decision against weed and see how America responds.. Please because you are on the wrong side here.. Why?
I guess I have to vote for Gary Johnson to end the ridiculous weed prohibition. Not smart Mr. President. In fact weak, fear not
Your bad decision about keeping marijuana as a schedule 1 narcotic will undermine every state who has voted it legal. Worst act
if Hillary stands with you on weed, she has just lost me vote!
what is shameful is you think weed needs to be catalogued with Heroine... The worst decision in your presidency.. I am furious!
what research do you have to possibly support your bad decision about weed?? This has me so very disappointed in you!! Wow bad!
I have been a supporter of you from the first time I saw you. But your decision to keep marijuana as a schedule 1 drug. Pissed!
m
boohoo.
speaker Ryan  should do his job, and give Garland an up or down vote.
Yes, it IS a shame and of course the number will increase. Sorry #POTUS
Donald Trump will make the changes we were hoping for this past 6 years. You have failed the American people miserably.
Thata's because they don't want him. You got a hard head Barry...Give it up.
#DoYourJob Let's vote these Republican "blockers" who constantly think the laws don't apply to them out of the office they hold
@joy2knit
Bullshit.
Do your job and leave office
Bom dia Sr. Obama.Que Seu dia seja de muitas realizações
https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/761017890640240640/video/1 …
What the GOP is doing is disrespectful and childish. Yet we are wrong for treating them like the spoiled brats they are! *smh*
it's cute how you lecture others on how to do their job, but can't even do your own job
maybe the ones holding this up should be investigated.
this is a disgrace. Merrick Garland is a great choice for the Supreme Court.
that's not true about Scotus nominees! It's been custom not to pick a judge in a lame duck last year in office , butthole
How dare you ! Naming a new navy ship after convicted pedophile Harvey Milk, Forbid flying the Dont Tread on Me flag , traitor
your full of it , hypocrite! Remember Robert Bork !
No need to appoint another judge that will support your unconstitutional King rules
yes
we dont want the jew! Give it up!
keep holding on! Keep this judge out!
Mr. President, it's my feeling that you should withdraw Merrick Garland's nomination, so that Secretary Clinton can put you up!
World Leader RECEP TAYYİP ERDOĞAN
exactly how the GOP is. Do nothings.
Do your jobs. Taking your paychecks from US,  the American people, not doing your jobs.  Just get to work.Be honest for once.
We can thank Mitch McConnell's abiding racism & party-before-country vainglory.
@Brasilmagic. Withdraw his nomination when you return from vacation. It'll drive Republican's nuts that they missed out again.
It's a shame.
you first
@KarLpn they did their job. They said no. They are not required to comply with the emperor's demands.
just let the Republicans implode because that's what they have done to the party. Loving it
@Mark_Sheppard It's as horrible  as a Trump/Pence circus the world is so mixed up
#Liar #flipflop
ur daughter pulled her ass out for drunk men...then  did drugs. Father of the year
https://youtu.be/cPXJMH1acTI 
what
hello my sir
you have done yours with the sign of a pen and not worked with the house it can wait
make an executive order that stipulates a limit of 160 days before voting on nominee. now.
@MaggieJordanACN it's okay.  Once Clinton is elected, he will be confirmed immediately.  The GOP won't risk a Clinton nom.
Definitely read this as "Judy Garland has now waited 146 days". Sorry. (But yeah #doyourjob )
protect America from terrorism, illegal immigration, lose of jobs, poverty, and erosion of our values. #DoYourJob
Republicans are flirting with Pandora's  Box.
It's beyond irresponsible.. it's disgraceful & unforgivable this hold off is preventing the proper officiating of our Courts.
GREAT PARENTING SKILLS @BarackObama 

Malia Obama CAUGHT On Camera Smoking ‘Pot’ http://fw.to/gKrokGV 
.
sen bir hainsin  Obama terörist  Obama  Fethullah  Gülen'i  Türkiye'ye  iade  et
#DoYourJob Don't Let This Traitor do Another Damn Thing!
demokratik v medeni dünyada,ülkeler yöneticilerini özgür iradeleriyle seçer.suriye halkıda buna kavuşacak inşeal
akıl bilim v teknolojinin zirve olduğu,demokratik v medeni dünyamızı TERÖRİZE ETMEYİ BURAKIN.SURİYE HALKI
akıl bilim v teknoloji çağında,ülkeler ilişkilerini medeni birşekilde sürdürmeli.ab,nato,bm amacına uygun olmalı.
@DebraMessing seriously, Senate Republicans are holding this seat open for Donald Fucking Trump to fill.
why isn't this signed BO? Ooo right your golfing  #DoYourJob
- Barack speaks of "being shameful" bet you can relate huh? Would say #DoYourJob  but rather you be done and out of office!
I am not ashamed at all. Putting a man in for life to maybe decide one or two things per decade and then be wrong hahahaha
#DoYourJob @SpeakerRyan do your job. Appoint Judge Garland... you can't be wishing for a Trump Presidency, can you?
How are you Mr President. What are your post retirement plans..m
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan  
@StarJonesEsq this message needs to teach those that don't cut at the local level. I can only vote once, LOL.
we don't need ur dominating authority to choose a justice as a lame duck president. Time for u to move on please
it is more important for u to w/draw endorsement for Hillary
American policy ignores the seriousness of the Saudi regime terrorist support
America supports Saudi Arabia banned bombs to kill the Yemeni people
@Richard_Schiff 

If they won’t do their jobs (which we pay them to do) I say Pass an Executive Order. Do it for them. For us.
MEET MARTIN RICHARD BLOWN TO BITS BY "VETTED"DHOKAR TSERVAEV-VETTED-COLLEGE VISA.NOMORE MUSLIM REFUGEES
Fire ALL Republicans.  They hate our country.
UR DRAGGING #MUSLIM TERRORIST-CLAIMIN VETTIN IS IRRESPONSIBLE&SHAMEFUL-WHAT "VETTED" MUSLIMS CAPABLE OF
#DoNOTVoteFor2016 replace 87% of congress Nov 8 2016 ALL 435 Hse of Rep & 34 senate seats can be replaced Congress is the issue
FUCK YOU TERÖRİST OBAMA
☾
TERÖRİST OBAMA TERÖRİST AMERİKA TERÖRİST FETÖ
It is the Republican way, if they can't have their way they shut it down.  School yard punk bullies = GOP.
It would be shameful and irresponsible to let another lid/socialist/globalist on the SCOTUS. US is in too much danger already
I need your help. Can someone help me
@DebraMessing they just like to play their stupid games.  Oh well they need to know voters are watching
The DNC rigged a Fed. Election @HillaryClinton hasn't had a press conf. in 250 days. Any shamefulness there?
We agree! , http://easycolorexpress.com 
resign
long time coming....  However, the face of #Politicians needs to change to #CommunityService.  NO more living off Citizens...
@Mark_Sheppard 
pardon Larry Hoover #dotherightthing
@DebraMessing They'll approve him 11/9.
stop moaning.  Ain't gonna happen
Sir..i wish you praise thelord  to...all for-+
@DebraMessing senate and house should have term limits-and yet people still keep putting them in office-SMH
Please be protected from any harm, wherever you may be...
Keep the pressure on 'My' Mr. President. We 'STILL' LOVE YOU.
Republicans are just digging their own graves all the more by their lack of action, and it WILL reflect at the polls
slt
obama think u of what u have do for u s and Africa at large good day man
you first do your job mr president
Bitch McConnell won't do his job if a black man or ANY woman is president: seat Judge Garland while the Senate is on break.
sir http://www.worldometers.com  all country industry resident sports projects made good team management http://www.presidentofindia.nic.in 
FUCK
You're crazy president!
フォロバしろカス
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
good riddance worst president ever  won't be missed
You aresupport of homo and you are muslim. It's shame that carry by you rest of life time unless tell America true.
You said first interview when you are nominee for president that you not support homo sexual and you are Christian but
【血染的風彩：房峰輝 =》猛士後門入帝宮】『萬千老兵不死， 近平ㄧ人難逃』
房峰輝敢天下先率萬千老兵：攻進中南海，撲抓習近平，拯救中國重新共和。
【血染的風彩：萬千老兵不死 近平ㄧ人難逃】
萬千老兵勇敢衝北京：攻進中南海，撲抓習近平，拯救中國重新共和。
https://mobile.twitter.com/329wangli/status/760688524874113024 …
万千退役军人围堵中央军委维权https://youtu.be/3ghN06I8rJ8  來自 @YouTube
146 days they hv not done their jobs and we are paying them WHY
@Mark_Sheppard @BarackObama oh darling you'll die sooner if you take out politic seriously.
I'm clean from politics five years.TY to J. Page
good morning sir 
sir do something for Kashmir 70 people are killed by Indian army
yes it is "shameful" and we ALL know the WORLD is watching us 
  Shame shame tucking my head shame
f u c k you！ man！操你妈

“@BarackObama: Judge Garland has now waited 146 days. That's shameful—and irresponsible. #DoYourJob ” unbelievable!
its true, in this regarding, better to change laws, otherwise the capable person choose other profession sir
Don't worry, Mr. President, Drumpf is going to lose big time and then they'll confirm him.  I have been your biggest supporter.
All I see is men...
@Aroyaldmd 

That's because the gop is a joke
