,you are the greatest president America has ever had and the greatest change agent I know, have a wonderful birthday mr Obama
. A Good friend is always positive about others. Though, often far apart, you u inspire my thoughts.....love to be closer my boss
I am just phone call away anytime ,anywhere and any day
How bout...
Happy Bday
Now LEAVE you POS!
#WorstPresidentEver
#MAGA
Nobody lies more than George Bush and Donald Chump
I missed Donald Trump Disrespecting Muslims Soldiers
when Trump win n lives destroyed because of his racial insecurities
Really?? You don't know how good u have it.try moving to Africa
happy birthday sir. I wish you all the best thing in life..........
Happy Bday Mr. President
love you Mr president
es
happy birthday my dear president Obama
happy birthday
happy birthday Mr president.God bless you
HEY WOMAN AND I REALLY WANT DATE BARACK OBAMA OKAY LADY..
h chu h CJC h duck guru he e Reggi r EU dud RR s edu TT f DTR Judy cud h duck Fifi fugit to TT f Tuy r EU dud RR s edu Tsandeep
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! AND MANY MORE
WHAT EVER?
possibly the best president in the history of this great nation, Happy Birthday  @BarackObama
Tienes mucha razón mi hermano
Thanks for making America unsafe,racially tense,political corrupt & making our military weak.Happy B'day now leave the country.
@Maritellz 
The BEST president ever
Happy Birthday Mr.President.  May you have many more.
Nice
happy birthday
Happy Birthday.
Wishing you many more wonderful years. God Bless
happy birthday
cool
I am so tired.....,..,.............mad
Happy Birthday sir.
Happy 55th birthdaydear president
God bless you Mr President
Happy 55th birthday Beloved American President Obama. God bless you.
Happy birthday Mr.Obama
it's just the start! Happy Birthday!
Another phony photo-op
HAPPY BIRTHDAY the best President in my time, thanks for everything you & the 1st Lady have done for Our Great country, 1 LOVE
be happy alwayes.
happy birthday Mr. President great job hate to see you go! !!!!!
Happy 55th Birthday Mr President of the USA Love you 2much
happy birthday Mr president
Sir, Happy Birthday.  You are the best. I thank God daily for your leadership & Wisdom. Many more bruh.
HAPPY Birthday Mr. President, thanks for everything you tried to do for us!!  #youtried
.The greatest President in the world.Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday Mr President.May the LORD be wit you and your family.
Erokamano ja kogelo
great
A very happy Birthday to you Mr. President, and manny, many more! 

Beautiful picture of you and wife hugging!
Happy Birthday! May u be blessed with many more!
wish you a very happy and blessed birthday
so proud to share a birthday with you, thank you for taking care of us
 SCREAMING HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVORITE PRESIDENT! 
Happy Birthday
Mr. President. From a 70 year
Old RETIRED Msg Sergeant
In Kentucky.
Happy birthday to one of the greatest presidents who ever lived!
Muchas Felicidades...
@BarackObama
happy birthday President Obama !
happy birthday to you Mr President
happy birthday mr president
Happy 55th birthday to President Barrack Obama, from THE NATIONAL BIOGRAPHER MAGAZINE
Happy Birthday #PresidentObama God bless you.
you are the BEST. Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday, my dearest President of the Greatest Country in the World!!! I will miss you as Predident! GodBlessYou
happy birthday  Mr president
Happy Birthday Mr President. Best President ever.  #unsung Superhero
Happy Birthday Sir. God Bless you with more Life.
You are Loved by me and I haven't ever saw in person happy  50th birthday
happy birthday to you.
happy birthday. Obama
Happy Birthday Mr. President!!
hello  M  ;  can i also get  a HG ?   you make me feel  lonely.
Happy Birthday!.  You the Man.
Happy birthday obama, may the mighty God bless you.
Long life for you
happy birth day,allthe best ,GODBLESS
happy birthday. Thank you for eight wonderful years.
hb Pres good job
Congrats Mr President!
have a happy birthday could i have a picture of you and your lovely wife 9201 nagel drive Thornton Colorado 80229 Aggie
happy Birthday sir
Happy Happy Birthday to a wonderful husband, father, brother, and President that continues to give us hope:)
Happy Birthday to our bright and classy President.
May Allah give you plenty more years enjoy every day you deserve it!
Happy Birthday! Thanks for ACA. Saved my kids insurance and allowed me to go back to school and finish PhD. HUGE deal!
Happy Birthday "Mr. President"
And many more.
Eco-friendly this!, http://diycolours.com 
Happy Birthday Mr. President!
Happy Birthday Mr President, the White House will never be the same!! I've enjoyed your humor, you rock!!
Happy birthday and many happy returns of d day! More of the grace of God upon you and your entire family.
congratulations
happy bday ! Mr President !!
Happy birthday Mr President
ok.
Happy Birthday, your Excellency.
happy birth day to you
Happy Birthday Mr. President
Happy birthday. I pray that God will grant yoy Wisdom to do His wil. Amen!
@BarackObama
Qamar-Uz-Zaman Asc 5 Turner Road Lahore Pakistan
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEST WISHES AND LIFE FULL OF THOUSANDS OF YEAR FULL OF VIGOUR AND VITALITY
Happy birthday to you from the UK! I hope you had a great day!
HBD BO
Gefeliciteerd!!!
Happy birthday
Happy Birthday!!!
happy birthday to you Mr President
Happy Birthday Mr. President!! 
HBD lover boy
happy birthday from a fan to the north
Happy Birthday Mr.President, Thanks for making sound and careful choices that effects us all. Job well done!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Mr Obama
happy birthday Mr President Obama. Love you.
.you forget about me after you elected .how I can count on you when I am suffering
HaapyBirthday Mr President from Gipsons family Daycare from Los Angeles California
Happy Birthday!!
Can't wait for your ghetto family to no longer occupy the WH. Trump will gut the filth after he reverses all you've ever done!
Happy Birthday
happy #55
Happy Birthday Mr. President! Leo's Rock! #my birthday July 30th
HAVE A VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. PRESIDENT!!!
LOVE, GALI
Dear Barack, it seems your fuckwits are trespassing on my island. Get them off my Bach. Best, Philip
Happy Birthday! !!
happy birthday pres. god bless you always
Go shinny up an icicle.
sir happy birthday God Bless you
Have a blessed Happy Birthday. Thank you for all the good you've done for our nation!
Happy Birthday, President Obama!
Happy birthday 
you and your family will be miss, blessing you and family
:Yes I signed it yesterday.
Happy Birthday President Obama!
Much Love Barrack! Happy 55th!
happy birthday sir and thank you for getting some things fixed in this country.          William kavonius I am
Happy Birthday sir sunil kanojiya from. India
Happy Birthday The Legendary POTUS thanks for all you've done all you keep pressing on to do bless the 1st family
happy birthday Mr. President, see you on the Vineyard!
happy birthday @POTUS
Happy 55th birthday. Mr.President!!! I hope your day has been wonderful and blessed!!  Ilove you
Happy Birthday sir. May God's mercies continue to endure over you.
wit much luv,  happybirthday
many more happy returns of the day Mr. President ..!!
Happy birthday Mr. President.
happy 55 big chicken coops for ya in Hawaii
Happy birthday Mr President #BESTPRESIDENTEVER
happy birthday to a great president
happy birthday. May God grant u more wisdom to handle this beautiful  country with stubborn people.
happy birthday Mr president
happy birthday to you Mr President. Thank you.
four more years. Can you be our president forever? Happy Birthday.
My birthday this month also. Woo hoo
classy folks. Enough said.
You are the best!  Many more prosperous years for you Mr. President.  Happy Birthday.
Mr president i wish you a very happy birthday with many more to come filled with health happiness and well being.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Mr President Biggest Hugs Ever, Wishes Be On Belief 
Happy Birthday President OBAMA! I think we need to change the policy on presidential elections. We need you for 2 more terms!!
