.@bannerite @BFostersbox @MinnieBellW @belskie @SuperckookLarry @NAACP @PearlieMaeJones retweeted>Pres. @BarackObama
@GodsWordIsFree @BFostersbox @UN ...Addressing "TRUMP" when it comes to his form of GOP politics is becoming a perplexing problem
...The few who didn't care about his personality & character should care now, especially when it
...comes to his many misinformed, unproven, & misleading Twitter tweets, when the situation sug-
.@bannerite @GodsWordIsFree @BFostersbox @UN ...suggests TRUMP as an American President, the GOP & others must have a firm rule to guide him
.@bannerite @GodsWordIsFree @BFostersbox @UN ...If TRUMP keep making false accusations on others like @BarackObama , & blaming the generals
.@bannerite @GodsWordIsFree @BFostersbox @UN ...for SEAL's death in Yemen raid, remember Trump blamed the military leaders for>botched raid.
...Where he "TRUMP" never appear to be telling the truth on anything, it will be hard to believe
Mr @BarackObama California Elected or appointed repersenatives play by the rules? @cnnbrk @FoxNews
FH# 7461732k. There is clearly facts the judge were not aware of. Given the opportunity I can establish employment.

How is that getting ahead. I went to school got a degree and can't even pay it back no extra money. Really sucks
Daima çok çalışmalı,, çok güçlü olmalı,, çok özellik başarmalıdır kişi.. Ve sevmek en önemli özellik.. 

İyi Yaşamlar...................
Yes Barack Obama, sometimes we play by the rules and we still get burned. FH decision # 7461732k case # s40347971 affirmed. After ten years
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
good

I am inspire you, sir
Very debatable statement
HA HA play by the rules? Are you serious?
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982893464806395905 … 8826
Are you Viking lovers ? 
Perfect gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1tzcY1 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1tzcY1 …
I would love to get ahead, but veteran affairs takes what a spouse makes from my veteran husband who gets a pension.
oyeee E.G.H President
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
nothing but the pure thruth
Unions enslave and control their members taking money from them to spend on their political causes. Bad deal for the workers who get less.
, Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse , la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
The United States definitely did not get a head with you in office.
Is for  very good . Vous êtes LE MEILLEUR. QUE DU BONHEUR. RESPECT ET , CONSIDÉRATIONS.
you are the truth may God  bless you  & your family  & keep  you safe
Good old man, blessing you, good morning, good night, good night, yes, Lord, Lord, Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health,
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
, Иисус Христос, да благословит вас , мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
Of course I believe all that you are lovely man
J
I see the love.
Amen!
Mr. President, you will ALWAYS be my President.  We miss you so much. Pleeeeeeezzzzz come back
I second that, but know I'm not the first to do so!
You American
if possible  like a change
Work where? What jobs?
But if you're lazy and don't want to work, life will be even better here in America, especially if you're black.  #2easy2bpoorinAmerica
We Miss You!!!!
Not when we're paying for immigrants.
sjjsj
kekdid
. I miss you MrPresident. Thanks for standing so strong for 8 yrs. 45 has us in a huge mess & it's only been 55 days.#GodHelpUs
Unfortunately, that is not always the case.
In Illinois "The Burden of Proof Law" can used by your employer if they want to pay for your getting hurt on the job.
You enjoy destroying the us for your shitass ideology?
Stuck in Stupid.
and believing this was always your main problem .
@MinnieBellW @GodsWordIsFree @bannerite @belskie @Eemunchagote Great tweet from our> #44 President @BarackObama pic.twitter.com/394hdjttgO
when you fight against your own people for the wrong people you destroyed your ethics  you robbed from the poor like clintons
, miss you my president
working hard doesn't do the magic .i agree with play by the rules. Love what they love hate what they hate .
I like it.
right sir..
you never played by the rules that's how you got to head, lying to the American people while smiling.
only the wealthy make it in this world, the poor drown.
my daughter works one full time, and one part time job. school loans take much from her, can barely live. not right
why fightfor it you and Hillary already planned confiscate everyone's houses through the IRS
Why didn't Trump and the republicans and democrats have to play by the rules. Trump should be impeached and locked up.
With all due respect President O. Trump proves it is by cheating and being a Con and bullying. That is the truth in the USA.
with all due respect then how did Trump get into office
with all due respect former president Obama
with all due respect
with all due respect yeah
Question - did you and Hillary really played by the rules, be honest?
And other countries ARE getting ahead
Sometimes the rules of the game are wrong. You were elected to fix them.

Have you? Have you really?

Or did you play by them?
yeah I like the African American in Chicago or in Detroit
why do Dems continue to enslave people instead of empower them,welfare,Promote education, morals &values,sacrifice,trade jobs
Once you leave office, everything will finally get better again.
Oh like U and the Clintons    Give me a break!!!
I WILL WORK HARD AND GET AHEAD!
you don't play by the rules
It still takes a long time, lots of effort and seed money, my husbands father saved every other pay check till he could buy a small store.
So... why so much job killing regulation? #penandphone
奥巴马总统，你好！祝你圣诞快乐！Merry Christmas!!
Hard to get ahead when there are no decent jobs.  Trump will change that.
That's what I did and look how far i've come :)
now that TRUMP was elected &actually cares about jobs http://here.You  had 8 years and ur statistics r as far off as HRC
#nastywoman disabled but worked 40+ yrs as sole provider 4 wh men who did NOTHING but decide pay-affects retirement SSDI EVRYTH
Practice what you preach.
great speech
You spit in the faces of those who "work hard" by taking nearly a third of our bi-weekly checks to pay for your welfare state.
Sounds Good
This is not the type of comment I expect from a POTUS knowledgable about systematic racism, sexism, and other forms of bigotry.
yea ok. One job sold to a franchise no bonus no raise.  Changed jobs no raise no bonus.  Changed again fired wrongly.  Now what
That's true. So they don't need Obamacare or free food stamps, and welfare anymore. Get a job.
or.get appointed to a cabinet or ambassador or even college position
#43-44POTUSGreat Job
#ProtectionOfEqualRights
#PayAttentionPeople
#FactCheckEverything

#MAGA="DOOMSDAY4yrs"
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account,remitted back to the United States,
Hillary is above the law how do we attain this status?
even a lame duck can float. Go back to work.
YOU HAVE NOT HELPED ANYONE!Who in any inner-city has come forward saying you HELPED them.Chicago is CRYING for HELP. Go to WORK
Please, Please do something about the pipeline going through sacred land.  You can put a stop to this destruction..please do.

Thank you President Obama for restoring America's economy and getting job starts back up!
I vote TRUMP!!!!
Since when does a president- first lady and vice president use their influence and campaign for a presidential nominee!
this liar don't play by the rules corruption a liar you are a two face liar Hillary and you!!!!!!#
or you can lie, cheat, and get rid of those who stand in your way like @HillaryClinton did
sir
Thanks  your  blessing
or lie cheat and steal works. Thats how @POTUS gets his kicks
can't get ahead when your side is cheating, lying and being darn right manipulative. #draintheswamp
- I don't think Bernie would agree w/ that 
and you signed a bill making peaceful protesting illegal?
Rules? What rules? Oh yes. Rules for everyone but democrats and the #ClintonCrimeFamily.
not when are jobs are being sold away
#oald_alsheq_envoy_saudi

just like you got ahead through hard work, cough corruption cough. . . Had your cabinet filled in October 07 thanks @wikileaks
lesson to be applied to by Papua New Guineans.
In Data U Stabbed Hillary in the Face with Premuim increase .
: Work hard & play by rules? Hillary didn't & U made her your Sec of State. Do you want to rephrase this? Or explain?
Don't know who the bigger liar is: you or Hillary? You are both of your father, the devil. People are waking up, Praise Jesus!
Sadly corrupt puppets like @BarackObama and Hillary get everything handed to them #ObamaForPrison2017

#StandingRock
Ironically for the political elite you expect to get ahead by not playing by the rules. #HillaryForPrison2016
my President.
not so easy for all of.america the struggles some people have go un noticed the world was a better place 50 years ago easier
You:MADE THE STUPID DOMINO SUGAR ON A.B.C. AND THE FILM T.V. STATION NOW I LOOSE
/ Good Morning / Night Sir.WISHING HAPPY DEEPAAVALI SIR. GOD BLESS U ALL.
Youre a joke. Jail time
@AdamOsiason but then how come I'm not even close to getting ahead?
hi Mr Obama, i'm proud of you. Thanks for represent the carism and the happiness of us.
Ahead of what???
so why hasn't this happened under your watch? you have failed all of us and it is so sad you could have done so much - sad
It appears you get further ahead by being elite and not having any rules
