オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас , мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse , la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
#noDAPL
This is the 1930s brand of brown shirts used to intimidate and quell dissent from us middle America folks
/ Torture by stealth /
https://twitter.com/EmmaJabsen/status/785646873612808193 …
#ShameOnKSAUSA
Obama could end ― or at least dramatically reduce ― the ongoing slaughter of civilians in Yemen.
http://buff.ly/2dGv7hw 

…

Let me assure you, the DNC hack wasn’t even a hack. It was an insider with a memory stick. I know this because I know who did it and why. Special Counsel Mueller is not interested in my evidence. My lawyers wrote to him twice. He never replied. 360 pounds!
…
hi

President, the Lord, the Lord, the Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health, happiness, goodbye, goodbye, good morning, good night
Read wikileaks
 or for actual truth #Hannity or @infowars
in·ten·tion
inˈten(t)SH(ə)n/
noun
plural noun: intentions
1.
a thing intended; an aim or plan.
What are your REAL ones? 

Facts indeed do matter!!
Hello POTUS!!
Why are you destroying our military?
the truth doesn't matter to you. You push false narratives, and propagate racial tension.
Mr. Bildberg's puppet , you are all but a gang of cannibals living on the flesh of other nations..
ur r such a great person than why don't u continue as president . if u there in nomination my vote is to u....
yeah right if I want TRUTH I WILL FOLLOW TRUMP
http://chromosome.com 
/RL- LB <ONLY 2 the 1's who wish 2 hear it 
yes Facts do matter!
I am Sonali kar from IndIa joining OFA Truth Team
Could you help us !!!!! http://m.ndtv.com/world-news/white-house-archives-petition-seeking-to-declare-pakistan-terror-sponsor-1469760?pfrom=home-topstories …
@monowarsaif thank you for your importance in bangladesh.
facts and video state you didn't trust her either on your campaign trail to give us change! I voted for you 1st rd.

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing  remitted back to the United States,
Obama and Truth is an oxymoron
You mean the UN-TRUTH TEAM.
are yoe the real Obama, USA PRESIDENT? So when you Visit my Country again? Indonesia
你这个“战争总统”也配“和平奖”，挪威人的智商是负数吗？
the liar in chief Barack Obama can't leave the oval office soon enough, the divider not uniter.
yes, POTUS. I agree 100%.
SAVAGESZN IM FOR TRUTH
follow me!
Beverly Allen
I love you mr. president.
follow me Mr President, you are my hero.
how can the us stand by while Russia bombs children
get united nation involved as a peace force no fly zone Russia don't like it tough
find u just say "TRUTH "??????
jasper
am in
Enough with you and the TRUTH. I feel sorry 4 your children. Do you tell them you just lie to the American people #TRUMP
go away
So them what Is your issue with presenting truthful ones. $400 million in lies
TRUTH??JAJAJAJAJAJA GOOD JOKE!
Estoy con usted
Mr President , Kenya Loves .  Come back home when you end your term
IT IS!  But you should tell that to lying Hilary Clinton!  I hope SHE is not a member of OFA. If so she's a hypocrite
.@BarackObama @OFA Minitruth:
MSF surgeon Paul McMaster on #Kunduz: "the world lost a basic humanitarian principle"
#NotATarget 
like the fact that the DNC and the leftist media colluded and rigged the primary against @BernieSanders? @HillaryClinton
Truth my ass!!! More BULLSHIT from LYING CONNIVING DEPLORABLE LIBERAL HYPOCRITES!!
I have sent crystal truth and awaiting favourable response ?
Simple Man
Regards
politician have no truth
great Mr President , truth sets us free
thank you  President Obama.
.@BarackObama Mass murderers don't get to talk about their "truth".
Inside #Kunduz hospital 10/14/15 A missile hole in the wall & the burnt-out remains of the the building after sustained attack. #NotATarget 
Always Mr. PRESIDENT....!!!
chimaobi
Hearing that from a politician is like hearing "it's the best deal you'll ever find" from a smarmy used car salesman.
Humble request to see Truth of #USA_Pak_China, recently sent on Tweets.
Regards with Thank
HELP  SOLICITED
I'm in!!!
.  You talk the talk, st least you try!
facts and you are mutually exclusive.
You wouldn't know the truth if it jumped up and bit you.  You've done nothing but lie your whole life!
LOVe
ตรังเราจะบินตรงไปบ้านท่านนี้คือความฝันของคนไทย
I'd call it convenient truth team, only when it suits corporate whores $$ agenda that keeps them in power and increases $
vomit

sir prd oboma my request z,can you big leaders of world change the card on the same table.rdcongo kabila mussst fall
If you like your plan, ... Truth Team my ass.
what a joke
LOLOLOLOLOLOLILOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL!! #deplorablebarack
truth team meet you at the end of the rainbow obumsa
someone said I'm lost at sea on my evil yacht without my Erin and her huge cherry breasts
I don't think you want to make that person hangry Grenada We just coast the seas
Will it tell us why you were training ISIL?






truth hurts to ask about the possibility of joining us for the first time I've ever heard from you and your team
your fired obUma myself don't want to bee obUma self
12,587 Syrian Refugees Admitted in 2016: 12,486 Muslims, 68 Christians, 24 Yazidis http://cnsnews.com/news/article/patrick-goodenough/syrian-refugee-tally-fy-2016-12486-muslims-68-christians-24-yazidis …
I'd say the truth team is busy checking all of Hillary's lies of the last 24 months. NCH
it is your responsibility to keep the insane clown posse car
Doris de Ochoa
informed demonic possession of confidential information intended recipient please delete this communication
informed brainiacs of Alpha and beyond your comprehension level obUma effin ty him
Happy Anniversary to you and family
you just know what is #Baloch but you don't know the pain of #Baloch in #Balochistan.
We are being killed & dumps like animals
demonized another one of those who don't know how to use the space between the lines of code that is not an option in war
is a very cocky and cocking opportunity
somehow with u I wish I was still the transexual insane clown just drop the trans the other two are in the ignition
.@BarackObama @OFA Facts. The Congressional Apportionment Amendment is ratified by state vote. Our 28th Amendment. http://Boldtruth.com 
informer I leak you you boom the air obumsa
I gots my I on Eddy snow
How are our child soldiers w/ US made weapons doing mining cobalt for our phones in Congo? They well armed for #Clump2016?

for real u don't need to explain facts
sayin obama feto nun iadesni acilen yapman lazim
... The OFA is a leftist political hack group.
if you have a "truth" you like - you can keep it and it will save you money!
stay tats Mr cheer up the ass and pussy and fuck me hard drive

yard sale of obUmas pants and shoes and socks and underwear are on sale
how many facts per day can i expect?...since i lie all the time, i don't want to be overwhelmed with the truth...be gentle

matter I have conflict with the following user obUma says thank you for your time and effort to keep up with the my cock

.@BarackObama @OFA 1984 in 2016 comes true with The Ministry of Truth :
War is Peace
Freedom is Slavery
Ignorance is Strength
مساء الخير سيدي الرئيس الحقائق موجودة ولاكن أريد مساعدة شعبي يوجد حل دائمآ ولاكن التحدث لا يحتاج الهواء الطلق على ما أعتقد
just another way to spread your propaganda.
#EndTheDrugWar #EndTheLies #EndAssetForfeiture #Liberty #LegalizeIt #ArrestMalia

facts staff member will be in touch with you and your team
I hate germs
We need to get out and vote and vote early because we will be in big trouble if this idiot Donald Trump win this election
you're hilarious..
The truth is wat we make up...
If "facts matter," Barackass, that's an alien concept to you.  You wouldn't recognize a fact if it bit your lying ass!
If u have to call it truthteam, it's obviously not what it does or even strives 4. It disseminates "truth" c what I mean?
star of icons dave was pretty sure that you are not the best president he let you out the barrel of ants attacking you
#facts The truth hurts.....

hi
Facts matter just not to GOP.
lmfao! Truth team? Lol
facts arcade crazy bronze member silver metallic blue eyes
your cock is a horker horse obUma
Supreme Court tells Obama to shove his pen-phone on immigration case.  #TakeThat @BarackObama @OFA #mondaymotivation
you being audited obUma haha haha hashtags
bir gün Bağdatlı Halepli çocukların çığlığı kadar acı ve büyük olacak tüm batının sonu o gün geldiğinde Asyalı çocuk 
.you promisesed me  but you forgoten .i remmber in 2 tearm before you have speech e mailed me but after than never heared
Yes! Its about time we stand up to the smear machine!
If you want to be taken seriously, start with telling us why you lied about Benghazi.
retransmission dissemination distribution copying of this communication including any attached files for the CIA
no
if you have to call it Truth team...hmm
Dünya'daki savaşları çocuk ölümlerini durdurmak elindeyken kılını kımıldatmamak Nasıl bir şey acaba heleki mazlum zenciler
LOL like that time you said a filmmaker caused the attack on ambassador Stevens?


SIR TAKE ACTION AGAINST PAKISTAN ATOMIC POWER TERRORIST GROUP ARE THREATING US +DEFENCE MINISTER OF PAK

Why you support Iran ?




#سلام




