when's the last time obama cared about the constitutional process. That should be a holiday
Since "Congress and Senators" of OUR GREAT COUNTRY refuse to do their job. Our President had to do it alone.
hundreds! Learn about what's actually happening in this nation before you involve yourself in a debate
if what's happening is only what you wanna see, than U need to get you head up from that sand ...LOL
try looking at facts. It will blow your mind
which facts you want to talk about.  On Hillary's supposed lies or Donald's
first you're assuming trump is lying. Sexy me you're saying ALL lies have the same consequence. Please! That weak
not exactly, but when 10 different women came forward what do you say?
Well you're list of unacceptable things is really really long.  Sure you want to go down that road?
oh be quite U idiot they are paid to do their job and they are behaving like little children! On your dime!
jason chaffetz voted for less security at the benghazi embassy. It was his fault.
we have lazy Republican Senators, most of them have to be replaced.
Yup I agree old school small minded coots!
oh I beg to differ!
I'm going to say it again do your jobs that u are paid for u old coots! How embarrassing for America! Grow up! Educated?
#ImWithHer: An Open Letter To #Hillary Clinton, From A Dad With a Daughter: Thank You | People's
Did you say "fair hearing?" Seems like your all of your WH staff is pleading the 5th.
I like
We now know why.

オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
@yoshiriko445 毎日楽しみにしてます！！！
Hi ra
You were the biggest obstruction to America.
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
Te filtran información,en Argentina, matan a los aboríguenes, vos que sos de otra raza, exterminio total, con el gran hijo de puta de Macr,
@MarshaDeardorff @OFA
Y vos no haces nada es otra raza en Argentina, los extermina, Macri, que horror, que vergüenza.
As they are unable to appoint Justices that will bow to them, Republicans would rather have a…
Jerk in the SCourt
Hell no. I hate Mitch NECKSKIN McConnell. What an asshole.
Traitorous behavior from so called Americans
i will see who she is ok man bye
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快樂,再見
Candidate not acceptable. OF course the dems are obstructing EVERYONE that PRESIDENT TRUMP wants, that is acceptable??? Glad your'e gone.
I agree! Confirm Gorsuch!
congress don't care about the poor onSS
how aretou
thanks sir
like you did??? Remember???
NO! YOU OBAMA ARE UNACCPTABLE! THE AMERICAN PEOPLE VOTED YOU AND THE ESTABLISHMENT LIARS OUT OF OFFICE! PUT YOU BEHIND BARS!
we are saving our country for this massive lack of integrity and respect.
It's about time someone obstructed you!
can't wait for Trump!
Thank God for them stopping you from stacking the bench with libtards.
good  precident
no
totally executable
I'm ashamed of how u have been shut down on so many things to improve our country, thank you for trying so hard to help us! We love you!
I would diffently say so, I'm ashamed of how u have been blocked on so many wonderful things to improve our way of life, we love you.
can you fire James Comey for America?
Apparently you accepted it.  I don't see another leftist kook sitting on the Supreme Court.
NO It isn't  unacceptable.Your knocks against our Constitution and constant trying to end run around it is what is unacceptable
God bless use all the time
I demand a fair hearing! Sometimes dissent work!!
Obama if this is true Trump has blocked Women's march on Washington, please do not let him infringe on freedom of speech
@MarshaDeardorff @OFA Obama for prison 2017
Senate has approved. Have you? #nastywoman #AuditTheElection #Snowden pardon please - our plan against Assange and Russia.

Michael thinks so to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efyRkR3hVp8 …
Genday
MY SONG titled #SEESOMETHINGSAYSOMETHING ...DEAR MR. PRESIDENT @BarackObama @OFA https://www.reverbnation.com/ReaLkukuafricanstar/song/26233297-see-something-say-mp3-by-realkukuafricanstar …
Senate blocking appointment of your pick 4 SCOTUS is awesome. Making plans for future w/o U. Step down now, we won, U lost.




جرايمك انت وبني سعود باليمن الفقير والله قادر عليكم وعي ظلمكم ستري عدالة الله
So glad.
Senate leaders obstruction of US Supreme Court absolutely unacceptable.
looks like it was a great idea after all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Looking forward to constitution protection.
you are dangerous just like your real father was and that is why bff was on the FBI watch list and you should be too
You became president thanks to your mentor FMD he gave you the light and teach you to say what people want to hear
YOUR NOT ACCEPTICLE, You should worry about yourself
Make America great again
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. freezing the account, remitted back to the United States,
I TOLD YOU NB SAID THAT HE HAS A CRUSHED ON YOU BARACK OBAMA.
I REALLY LIKE YOUR FEET AND TOESES HONEY INCLUDING EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU MY LOVERBOY..
HEY MY DEAR & LOVERBOY BARACK OBAMA & IF I SHOULD HELP HILLARY WILL  & WILL YOU LET ME GO ON YOUR TOES HONEY I TOLD YOU I REALL
Is this where the insurance premium hikes went?
.....my no.+91-9897684875
.......suggest about tree , thub impresson in pantagon security /etc/ajay kumar singh tomar , /+91-9411858529/   my no
......ajay kumar singh tomar /somlata chauhan  wife /+91-9411858529
........wife somlata chauhan....+91-9411858529
....decison, plz help /i am the writer of comjouring /have done work in GpI india,
.....whenever he ask to come she says go to doctor ,what should be do ,anybody can be criminal like this there is no true
........after all he can not ask for divorce why ,there is no huminity,/ajay k s tomar/+91-9897684875/
........what is going in india ,since two year ,wife is not calling ,whenever husband ask she said no need to come here /
Nice
This is not the way great leaders make their case
ignoring the needs and protests of thousands in favor of a private oil corporation is unacceptable. #DoYourJob
No...you are unacceptable!
well YOU are obstructing the FBI and COVERING for Clinton! It's embarrassing 4 our President campaigning for poss criminal
oh Mae gad ok اشعرو بنا نحن تحت الحرب يا أمريكا لا مستقبل لا امل
Don't worry... the process will resume in January when @realDonaldTrump takes over. At least your Cubs won. Go Home.
@OFAwhy can't republicans who were obstructive to your Supreme Court nominee be charged with treason or obstruction. i.e. Ryan
In a word, fuck u
I have signed the petition.  You have been disrespected at every turn.  History will have much to say about your treatment.
we don't want your man in there
What about election rigging? People spoke about that and you don't care because you are all for it aren't you? #Crooked
you should start PACKING NOW!!  You are the worst president in history
So is politicizing the DoJ, but here we are, HRC still un-indicted.
sir world needs peace , love and humanity and only america can lead the world for that, under your leadership,
#oald_alsheq_envoy_saudi
what is an acceptable is changing our American values and our traditions
barack obama hillary clinton country 
hillary clinton love her friend hillary clinton
A reason with that of social peace with respect for communities, that of COP21 agreement, that Trump should not access: WH
obama crying brahhh
Nope it's justice. Why would the supreme court need a candy ass liberal on their bench. Damn good job Senate
When Senators Obama, Biden, Reid, and Clinton voted against cloture for Alito (hence a filibuster).
Was that unacceptable? No?
Please explain why someone else doing the exact same thing you did is "unacceptable' but only when they do it.
Sounds fishy.
#StopWhining
We Will Keep Pushing For A Business Man Donald trump To Run This Country The Right Way - For the People By The People
what do you know about fair?
Little hard since you did the exact opposite as you are requesting.
just resign. Youvhave no followers now. Youre corrupt treasonous.
...ABD Ne duruma tüştü.... ülkesindeki saldırıları bilemiyor.Türkiye deki terör olacaklarını biliyor.. ABD İTİBAR ..0..
Dear Mr.President, Time to address james comey's wrong actions ASAP,he tried to impact outcome of elections.Damaging Democracy.

THERE SHALL be NO GENERAL ASSEMBLY THAT COMES TOGETHER TO MAKE A LAW RETROACTIVE
ANY PUBLIC OFFICIALS THAT DO NOT KNOW THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, SHOULDN'T BE IN A PUBLIC OFFICE.
THERE SHALL BE NO GENERAL ASSEMBLY THAT COMES TOGETHER TO MAKE A LAW RETROACTIVE: THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION. BAD LAWS
I've lost all respect 4U what's going 2 going on in N-Dakota my great-grandfather defended the Indians at Wounded Knee&WON
they are mentally ill Believers in apocalyptic theology and you appear to be a tool allowing North Dakota pipeline crimes
Residence Clinton Sieze all of her Assets Look for Sexual  Items that Might Belong to these dead People Granted..
they have been obstructing for eight years. What incentive do they have to stop now?
The fact remains you're still President until Jan, 2017. The game isn't changed but can still be replayed.. # IStand4Continuity
HELP.
Contact me Obama I wanted some issue s
Please share it if you like it.Thank you very much.
and so is corruption, murder, executive order bombing of innocent people, pretty much you are unacceptable. . .
you should be charged with treason within the next two weeks.
https://www.amazon.com/Filter-Bubble-Personalized-Changing-Think/dp/0143121235 …
Can't wait for November 8. Republicans plan to swarm the polls like his rallies. We will dress in red so you will easily see.
Well played. Hats off! : )
Thank you...I will keep my fingers crossed that he will be as good as I and millions hope. I hope your day is blessed.
Election Fraud Smokescreen By New FBI Investigation: Special Report http://www.infowars.com/election-fraud-smokescreen-by-new-fbi-investigation-special-report/ … via @realalexjones
#Shenzhou11 #xijinping 1政府背书（云昆政府发起成立）2党媒推广（央视新闻联播，云南新闻联播等）3银行参与（工农中建四大国有银行为首的16家银行，战略合作+代理）超强联手坑民 https://twitter.com/123456_1234568/status/779904443311456256/video/1 …
Carlos Danger Danger will robinson
you will go down with the Clinton's.
you were our hope,doing inmigration reform, and .. Nothing happened
كيفك يا أوباما
http://otramerica.com/radar/panama-isla-pedro-gonzalez-violencia-policial/3168 …
Estoy denunciando la violación de los derecho humanos en Panamá y la persecución por el Ejecutivo
Correct history. Before term up, return Cynthia to her brother- in name & body.
No adoption. No Cynthia Wesley.
stop the Dakota pipeline, do something
you need to be in jail noone is going to protect you from criminal charges
جحفلي
on Yeman Sana'a
on Yeman
-Your lies & Obaminations are unacceptable! If I lived in DC I would have joined the crowd in shouting for your impeachment.
Mr President please use your last few months of office to campaign against the violence in your hometown instead of for Hillary
On NOVEMBER 9TH no matter what the outcome of the election fbi director should be fired...

