@Kayden_Kross it's embarrassing and disgusting Congress and Senate won't do their jobs. They're not serving our good, certainly
- just playing by the rules that Dems created. Reap what you've sown. Go cry to Biden about it.
Rules are to serve the people, not play any games that anyone created. Our democracy is suffering
Dems care about rules, or law, only to extent it gains them more power. You are correct though.
I look at other countries and I feel ashamed how horrible our gov't treats us. Especially Healthcare

Our gov't does not put us first. Veterans, Elderly, 9-11 rescue volunteers, all shafted
I learned so much this last year. Even with the internet, we really don't have a voice.
If u think he's a good guy, learn the truth about Obama! Our president is a #Warcriminal #NeverHillary
http://yemenwar.info 
I can't think of too many presidents that weren't.  Our country has been war funded since b4 it was usa. 'Merica
Yeah, it needs to stop. It's only getting worse. US is a global devastation. #StopArmingSaudi #Yemen #Syria #Saudi
agreed. Sad
they have an agenda. Everyone has an agenda
Actually they've placed their Constitutional duty above your rhetoric & incessant whining. Thank you @SenateGOP ! #SCOTUS
Basic responsibility is decide whether to hold the hearing in the first place. No nomination BY their advice, no hearing!!
My President, is there nothing that can be done with Trump?  This is a sad reflection on American Society.
Mr President, we should have bilateral talks. We have our own Donald Trump here. Are u coming to SA or am i coming to USA?
wine. Wine
Enter here to view clip comedy https://youtu.be/xvuUr5ZKAZU 
No one wants to listen to you any more. Go back to Kenya and take your fake certificate with you
u could not get anything done in 8 years because republicans r racists.
As far as voting people out of office I really don't think our vote counts anymore. It's all rigged with big oil and drug comp.
so bad
so what
thats ok u have made blacks  proud
to uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States #DoYourJob
#dotheirjob well you haven't been doing your job properly either
I look around and cant believe how the government treats its people. Shameful. All politicians the same. Our voices  not heard.
You don't want to work with the system, don't expect what you want to get done. BY and WITH the advice and consent. BYYYYY!!!
They are doing their job. Do yours. Accept the advice you're being GIVEN!!
two attacks on home soil.  Stop campaigning for hill and do something?
He won't because he is for them and there have been more than two attacks.  Hillary says we need to try and understand them!
Looking forward to when President Clinton nominates you to #USSC #SCOTUS in 2017!! #GOPFail #GOPHates #GOPLies #UniteBlue
we are looking forward to when the liar Hillary goes to jail and Obama goes back to wherever he came from!
F-16 aircraft and any 10 of the alliance and Washington launched four raids on the Syrian army in the vicinity of Deir al-Zour
So you're on their side?
I think they are doing their job, like it or not they don't think this guy is right for the high court.
if they were doing their jobs they’d hold the hearing, during which they could choose not to appoint him to the court.
this is one path they could and arguably should take, however the tactic isn't new and both sides have used it.
putting constitution first
my fellow black bros n sis's. Vote Hillary. No need for jobs n safe communities. Free tv, phones drugs dealn n terror is better
world is bigger than 5,, obi. Did you hear him?
we the people! Not u
Congress needs to "do it's job" and use any means to stop the carnage, hatred,and waste @BarackObama has pushed upon Americans & the world!
END ELECTRONIC HARASSMENT! OBAMA THE ELECTRONIC STALKER FOR DEATH ROW!
olihvbtgvy ok
go away..
tu sei il miliori dei presidenti
strange thing is after January whoever is President will not go along with their conservative views
isn't it ironic that you use the hashtag #DoYourJob...yet you won't even do yours? Go play more golf. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
An Abomination. They all need to be fired, voted out or whatever. They are working for themselves not we the people

OMG~have you not heard of that fool Harry Reid and his antics! Give me a break you fool!!!
mr Obama i heard you say that you will take care of us vets what happened to me an my family now jus us
and u put Hollywood Parties   above  your job
with you letting in tens of thousands there is no way to check each one! Stop this! Put the American people first! Protect USA!
you put golf & vacation above everything else. When you become POTUS the American people are first! You seem to always forget
Thank goodness.
they're acting like we forgot you nominated him!!!!
7 years of service and you've brought no one together. You are the worst president in American history.
no different than what Harry Reid did when Dems were in control of the Senate and Republicans tried to get things voted on.
It's been 8 years since I received a raise  so I believe he can wait until you're out of office.
the republicans need to be held accountable for tampering with democracy get them out!
Vote now for #JudgeJudy.
senate leaders are not the brightest bulbs in the lamp. If measured in lumens they wouldn't be enough light to see in a cave.
enough of this they're not gonna do it wake up
I love u Mr president Barack Obama keep going we choose u and u make Our country America great thanks for be a good and fair
so If #logistiscare BLPCK Ada  medtransport4sick&babies steala$66bil/yrTax then #obama gives more contracts? #scandal #genocide
why are you people not taking any notice of innocents killings in the Indian held occupied #Kashmir  .
India should stop it.
That's what you did as senator.
they're following your lead. Isn't that what happened when you were going into office?
how do we solve this insubordination?
Senate putting $$+fear of being found as complicit as POTUS admin before US Law applied EQUALLY. History will tell all the dirt
and in other news the President Golfing while his wife vacations in air force one
so much hypocrisy w Dems!
Thank goodness Congress has some spine to stand up to your disasterous policies.

why can't u speak to them and negotiate ! I don't see u have any negotiation skills like Bill Clinton.
kabila te défie en face.
kabila défie en face
Why do we want to give you anything else to destroy America
Hello sir, your the geat person for this world
how many presidents will be elected while this Earth is still in existence but you will still be called the worst in history
they're doing exactly the same thing you did when you were a senator you stop that while an election was going on
you destroyed the courts enough and failed the black race/minorities.  What health care plan? Worlds a mess. Who listens to you
shouldn't you be golfing?
Consider yourself INSULTED
Mr President it doesn't look like your responding to the will of the people.  You have awakened a sleeping lion. WE the people.
We all know why your pushing your agenda! The Senate as well as the American people do as well. Your trying to munipulate.
FREE THE TARGETED INDIVIDUALS BAN ELECTRONIC TORTURE WE DEMAND LAWS TO PROTECT OUR CHILDREN FROM RADIO FREQUENCY HEARING EFFECT
THE TORTURED TARGETED INDIVIDUALS WILL BE YOUR JUDGE AND THE JUDGE OF ALL THOSE THAT THE GOVERNMENT HIRED TO TORTURE US!
and you are putting campaigning 4 Clinton before your basic responsibilities as president
STOP ELECTRONIC TORTURE! STOP PASSING LAWS ON DRUGS AND START PASSING LAWS TO END ELECTRONIC STALKING END ELECTRONIC HARASSMENT
/ Good Morning / Night Sir. / Have A Nice Week Comenncing Day Sir. God Bless U All
I'm gonna miss you!!! Don't leave us 
Tell our obstructionist @GOP Congress you don't want Garland for @SCOTUS. He'll be confirmed in a hot second. #DoYourJob
> @barackobama Mr @snowden did Great Service to Mankind. Now Turn of Potus #DoYourJob. @ajpus #SocialMedia
no that's AWESOME
How about you Mr. president? Take care of the security of the country instead of campaigning for Ms. Clinton?
that's right an the refugees are attacking. Thank so much for letting them in without vetting
uh sort of like you putting campaigning above Americans while NYC and NJ are bombed
.@BarackObama Read the Constitution Art 2 S 2 para 2 the advice and consent clause. The Senate advises you to wait until we get a new POTUS.
and what all do you put before your job.
@aplsmith5 we the people will fire all of them for not doing their job.
NO NO No No to GARLAND! An ANTI 2nd Amendment LIBERAL out to take away MORE than your GUNS!
actually they're putting ideology above their responsibility to the constitution and the public trust #whyaretheyinoffice
It has always been my experience when you leave work undone in your in-basket that you get in trouble!
I voted for u twice not again for a dem now u want to intimate the voters U U U No HC should not be president
you support a candidate that's disheveled she's a liar and she has no vision okay
mr. president that's not going to happen we continue to have terrorist attack and you do nothing Hallelujah when you're gone

In a CRISIS, likeTERRORIST ATTACKin NY, who wants someone who looks FULLY MEDICATED like #SickHillaryIN CHARGE?!


no thanks. President Trump will be filling Scalia's seat. And Ginsburg's and Breyer's and Kennedy's. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
all political bs aside, I do pray for you everyday! That God will lead you down the path of good, truth, and Righteousness!
another thing Mr. President. My #Dodgers are gonna whip your #Cubs in the playoffs!!!! Go Blue Crew!!!!!
No. They finally offer some resistance to a liar & a fool.
#BidenRule
#DoYourJob
#NoRefugees
#IslamIsTheProblem
#Chelsea
Ritratto di guerrafondaio con Nobel - tutte le guerre di Barack Hussein Obama.
why u support hilary. A little woman. She's full of nagtive mind to see bad things.
on purpose, I bet.
As much as you want a dictatorship I'm sorry. You need consent there King Barry. I know you hate bitter clinging Sens.
Are you surprised? I think not. On another note, please help Hillary. She needs all the help she can get.


Obama, the savior of black people. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/barackobama/11779946/Barack-Obama-has-done-zero-for-black-people.html …

another bomb attack. Time to go play golf again. You sure as hell won't do anything else about it! #libtards
ceasing bombings...you play right into there hands...this will or motivate them even more.
don't breath life into something that's defeated
the bombing must continue...obvious the Intel was wrong...or someone fucked up...question...could you have been mislead

it's okay because you put golf above our country.  #DoYourJob
Your voice is falling on deaf ears now since your *** is out in 3 months,and after 8 yrs most people can't wait to see you
leave the White House... #TrumpPence16
NO, HUSSEIN! SENATE FINALLY DOING THEIR JOB BLOCKING ANOTHER TRAITOR THAT YOU WANT IN. GOD BLESS THEM & THE USA!
.@BarackObama Since the President is playing race divide with the election- I fully support Senators offering No hearings while he is Pres.
they are following the Biden rule
time to fire all of them and start over.
shameless partisanship BBO? That's not why. u attempt to lead thru deception. Pants on fire?
no their be responsible and doing there job.  You should read the constitution.
We need to elect blue down the ticket.....


can we make you a showcase page that donates free to your causes http://www.udonatefree.com  The future of shopping is giving !
Well, someone are pulling these Republican senators' strings and it smacks of disrespect to our constitution and treason.
They don't care and their handlers expect them to be obstructionist.
WE ARE PEOPLE THIS GOVERNMENT IS BENEATH US WE THE TARGETED INDIVIDUALS ARE THE COURSING BLOOD THROUGH THE VEINS OF A DEMOCRACY
STOP ELECTRONIC TORTURE STOP PASSING LAWS ON DRUGS AND FUCKING PASS A LAW TO PROTECT TARGETED INDIVIDUALS! SURRENDER TO FREEDOM
For money, politics is the best means. For public service,   feeling of humanity is the best means!
Can they hold out all the way until it expires? If so I'll tell yah that is be reason for sure.  All for it.  I feel no more!
I thank you ..I will vote to honor your legacy!!!!
difference being a king and a president, presidents don't always get.what they want
thanks for getting us into ww3 - what happened to change?
hello from Tyrone  grey regal years .I knew you'd make it Mr.President  Edgefield SC to Columbia SC
Nice job breaking the ceasefire and bombing the Syrian army! Russia gonna spank yur ass at UN Security Council. #WorsePotusEver
what would you do after your state ?
it's time for your nomination to be supported.
#DoYourJob how are you doing your job when you are campaigning for Hillary and vacationing
Responsibility lol Ur putting Ur personal agenda before the safety & well being of R country & breaking laws of congress stunod
US bombing in Deir al-Zour was on the Syrian army positions in the Mount Therdh paving clearly to terrorists SISI contro
I'm with you Mr President!
good idea to clean house of lazy leeches
yes it is ok!!!!
Goggled pond scum and it's a green film on top of a stagnant water or McConnell sitting on a stagnant republican senate.
PUNISH who tortured his #Mother & got #refugee #fraud in #NYC is #Robert #Marcone 
https://dojnewyork.blogspot.com 
Mr. President, use your recess appointment power!  It's time!
@SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @RepTomCotton @JohnBoozman @SenFeinstein @SenatorBoxer @SenBennetCO @repcorygardner @ChrisMurphyCT
Give the judge a vote! Stop dickin around Senate.
