Anyone else wonder how why Scalia placed a pillow over his face before he died in his sleep? Was he Loretta Futty'd??
@BarackObama_  I think the same way! they did not want a conservative judge!so,they finished him !Who did it? !you decide!
@Mariobatali um, why are there periods? These words are not a sentence in them selves. Not like Real.Comfortable.Jeans #fail
@Mariobatali Back to work kids!
#NoDAPL #climatechange #StandWithStandingRock #GoThere
Senate!! Do your job and vote on Garland!!!
nope
@Etrangere66 DYFJ!

#Justice4Hazaras
give it up already
why, so you can infringe on our right to bare arms?
@Mariobatali I don't think so. You're a chef Mario with no special wisdom any more than the Hollywood types.
Less jurists provide support to our enemies. Isn't that treason?
Obama will soon be gone, Senate leaders.
#feel the same#doyourjob
Your "Presidency" is almost "Over".

"Start Packing".
I bet you can't wait. Neither can I so this man can get some peace. 8 years of obstruction. But you blame him!
P.S. "Obama" is also an "Obstructionist".

As well as the "Democrats".

So, "Moot" point really.
Let's get the perfect person then Donald Trump or David Duke. Agreed? That would be great!
Nope. 

Don't like EITHER if you'll kindly notice from alot of my prior "Tweets".

"Trump" hangs himself.
Let's just get someone any one that is not of color to President. That would be perfect!
But honestly, "Color" is all that matters to you?.

Come on now.
Just make sure this President goes. It will make the world happy. Won't you be and sleep better?
fill  with someone who will continue to support abortion! I can continue  to kill our future when I'm gone.
They may as well stay home. They have done nothing,will do nothing  and as usual blame it on @POTUS
NO WAY, if they do all of them will go to
Is very important to have clearly what thing can´t miss in the "to do list"...

no
Stop golfing on the tax payer dime and #DoYourJob
They should do something before we vote them out aren't they embarrassed of themselves
wow Barack guess Romney wasn't the dumb one regarding Russia was he! #DoYourJob .
or press charges against them for not fulfilling their oath to the Constitution.
#BlacksForTrump
2013 Sony hacker it's funny Obama Bob Mark stock exchange GO up royal Obama Gallagher assistant games
Obama Bush Clinton's campaign administration Royal
it's been months, we need a new Supreme Court judge. Their needs to be action asap-Senate Republicans, please #DoYourJob.
# Ethiopia government has WoMD(weapons of mass destruction)
How about u doing your job? 
Yes, Supreme Court vacancy. And that Zika thing. #DoYourJob
u haven't done squat in your position why should they???
I sure agree
They haven't really been in session for 8 years, just obstruct obstruct obstruct.
do your job and shut up.
No we'll wait because rushing things though brought the ACA or obamacare disaster.
emzerxlssszrzzs

wtf, quién? @BarackObama

lon na
you should have done your job
congress is doing just fine with this.  No need to get your socialist tentacles entwined in the scotus
When u leave office, contact me President Obama!!! Let's golf...get a beer!  Would love to hang out with the best US Prez ever!
time for #TermLimits for ALL elected officials
your term is Over and u failed the minorities.Can't wait to see your Brexit from the oval office.We are replacing you for trump
Barry, where do you get off telling the Senate to #DoYourJob? What the hell have you done lately? Except go Golfing & complain.
happy Labor Day display
Over. Use. Of. Periods. Period. #LameDuck
#DoYourJob Because The People Are Going To Do Theirs #DumpGOP #DumpRyan #DumpMcConnell #DumpTrump
#VOTEHRC
and address the Zika funding problem.
@deejay90192 come on vote blue.
disband the republican party and replace it with the socialist party.
pls do ur job& stop these  from killing our black men..they need to be jailed &known that there kind is not needed or wanted
I wrote my senator about that. He said the American people deserve to have a say in it. Didn't the people vote for Obama TWICE
HEY!!  Why don't YOU do YOUR job?
No way, no how u lame duck!!! Elections have consequences! Who said that? That's right u did! U hypocrite! Live with it ha ha!
#DoYourJob GOP !
Tell it, President Obama!!!
just do executive order we the people will fully support it.
the president endorses a liar and a cheat. Proven by his FBI. Now he asks we trust his judgment on  supreme court appointment
Republicans would have to agree on something and then act. Haven't done that since the tea party, so they get Hillary's pick...
you should have did your job when democrats had the majority. U r just doing this now to make republicans look bad
#Senate #DoYourJob Senators,if you neglected your duties in private industry, your boss would fire you.Stop dragging your feet!
@DarkTriadMan @Jerome_OConnor They haven't done their jobs since 2014, but we'll see. Keep up the good work, sir.
summer almost over and the Senate has done nothing all your,  do your job!
Not. With. Your. Nominee.
Senators, follow the constitution and fill the Supreme Court Justice vacancy!  #DoYourJob
Give them someone who is not far left then.
Screw u. U have the audacity to release CONVICTED FELONS? Do your's first.
@ that's. Right
you need to do what he said
Naughty children don't get recess. Why the hell does the Senate?! #DoYourJob
Yes, or there's a good chance a woman will
yess Sirr
I know that's right. They need to do their job!

I can't believe they'd rather have a supreme court judge picked by Trump than by Obama.
you're the worst president in history and a complete narcissist who needs a good psychiatrist!
reap what you sow.
wish you were too
Not. With. A. Gun. Grabbing. Democrat.

Charge. Hillary Clinton.
Your almost over,pack up early and just leave
If not GOP control will be replaced in Nov with Representatives of the people, for the people and by the people.
not going to happen. Thanks for playing
if the republicans don't confirm Obama's pick Hillary should nominate Barack Obama for Supreme Court
tell them to do their jobs what the people pay them for
ain't that the truth tell them to do their jobs
#DoYourJob With due respect, leave the issue 'as it is' for sometime and the Senate will decide. @POTUS @WhiteHouse
practice what you preach!?#hypocrite
I Hate Too See you Go
Why did u indorse Hillary when she has breached the contract u had her sign before she became Secretary of State?
Repeated insistence & publicity of @POTUS to #DoYourJob is making senate rigid and reluctant to decide on SC Judge. @WhiteHouse
no more commies on the Court.
just watched 2016 Obama's America, predictions in the documentary, have come true.
so excited ur almost out of office!! Guess then you'll be in ur way to Iran or Saudi with the billions of stolen USA money!
#Republicanonlyseat
Our forefathers intended McConnell would provide the link between citizens & government, that link failed us on Garland/PP ACT
Do your job and stop supporting someone who lies to the FBI.
can't you guys just get good Temps for your senate while they are on leave so you can actually get something done?
Sorry, Garland is a fixer: OKC Bombing apologist.
http://goo.gl/csnHPe 
impeaching you for treasonous acts and unlawful executive action should be on the top of their agenda

tweet about something else. For serious, this has been in my feed for like the billionth time. Got to be something more...
You have been such an inspiration, Mr President. Thank you for doing your job so well!
you have done a great job! There will never be one as great as you have been as POTUS
just fill it already.  Someone needs to run the country.
I am surprised why senates turn deaf ear to their father's plea to fill the vacancy
They'll wait after you leave to make the decision. And they're right to do so.
congress, Do Your JOB
you donation 1000$ I'll go to DC until over summer.I wanna go only my money.But summer is over.
#brac

#barackobamayousuck&hillary
why you dont do yours !
Why they are doing what you did, in the last 20 years NOTHING worth anything, most is vacations, golf & spending our money
@FrankQuattrone
.@BarackObama How was your 300th round of golf while Louisiana drowned? #DoYourJob
I hope they don't before @HillaryClinton is president so that way either yourself or @MichelleObama can fill the vacancy
the regime narcochavista Venezuela buys more weapons than food and tortures political prisioners
100 Senators 1 president 101 names in the hat, consent problem solved get to work, lol leave the politics at the door,
you just want it so you can take the credit
