
That's crazy talk! @realDonaldTrump says "we can leave a little bit." Kids can have a small square of grass to look at.  That's enough,right
Trump's beh increasingly out of touch
w/reality,bizarre,inept,dishonest,deluded
inept and mentally unstable!
Not mentally fit to hold office
#NODAPL #IStandWithStandingRock
hahaaa
Yes, Obama. Why couldn't you do that in your 8 yrs?
you're so right!
Canada is with you all the way!
you say leave a better planet for our children how do you expect that when you are for same sex marriage and abortion
Barack isn't for same sex marriage,that was to get more votes surgery 
sorry sugar
it was supposed to say Obama Out
Mr. President, I have always admired you and your country. Thank you for taking care of the future of our planet. Be healthy !!!!
Take  a. Chance  and  sit  on  the  hot  seat the ones that  that  are negitive not  say  another  word
Thanks !!
Really you are a good for your activity. I like you. If you have need any support of design please knock me.
So now what? He keeps screwing with us and now he is screwing with our earth.
oooor as the biggest scam to transfer wealth which lead to the death of the largest wealth creator in history, capitalism
that's right, all science and statistical models on climate change is a global conspiracy in order suppress average Merica.
lemme guess, highly educated Trump supporter, rt? Global warming is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese - LOL
man made climate changing leading to catastrophe is a hoax, your association w/ the PRC rejoinder is pathetic
sorry Danny you're obviously an experienced researcher in the field of atmospheric physics. How'd you figure out it's a hoax?
every remedy coincidently furthers government power & transfer of wealth. Every statistic has been debunked. Your turn
So method of least squares, T-tests, and ANOVA tests have failed along with the correlation of CO2 and average Temperatures?
so CO2 isn't what plants breath? And there is zero correlation between CO2 and warming that's been proven many times. Keep up
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …
Thank you. Frightening about our upcoming leadership and how they will affect future generations.
You better act rather tweet. Act on #DakotaPipeline #NODAPL.
Walking Eagle u lie! Your legacy dies with the destruction of water & burials at SacredStone Stand on your hind legs & stop it!
Very sensible and humane comment. But practically even if we maintain status quo, that would be a boon, they may think!
We doubt it not , it is next to impossible, as long as cannibals like you are on this planet .
bsh
> too late that is the sign that the earth is coming to an end.
then stop DAPL
Maybe you should cut out all that hot air and CO2 emissions then
#NoDAPL!
that's not going to happen
@Philandal .  I agree
mayBe you Can say tjat the future is at the safe hand if we Act
Bullshit
@team4nature300   absolutely.. We have a duty to do this. 
@Team4Nature300 lnteresting as Obama has a strong fracking policy.
yes, we need to leave more healthy planet than our planet for our future generations
We all need to come together over freedom now-Life,Liberty&the Pursuit of Happiness in a diverse nation KEEP AMERICA FREE
you the man!
Michelle for Presidente !!!!
What about the global elites? Come on man! XD
yeah a little late for that thinking now. Our country has been broken to its foundation w/ liberal mvmt. TRUMPENCE 4 the cross
acting on climate change is grest- cyber war or 'other actions' over 1 candidates hacked campaign emails-- not so much.
but you were #AllIn on #BombingMETargets and #FakingSyrianCivilWar!! #PatheticPOTUS #ImpotentPOTUS #DeplorablePOTUS #ShityPOTUS
you know #TPP is going to advance the problem, not quell it, right?Of course you do, that's why you went #HalfAssed on #Climate
you are such a #DirtBag. If you really #CareAboutTheEnvironment you would have done more with your position..nice #DroneStrikes
stop the Dakota pipeline! Ban fracking and invest in solar energy! Our future depends on getting off oil
@louvice Bacteria die in their waste over time. Could be History of world:Chemistry Prof. Says. Govt stopped acid rain.Stopthis
Save Our Lives, Wild Life, Water & Air, and Our Planet!
 No More Fossil Fuels! Trump Is For Fossil Fuels Advancement!
@andymoloney35 Great idea. Eliminate the Clintons
start in Stand Rock!!!
it will be healthier after January 20, 2017.
uh huh
Oh history is going to judge you alright. God is using you. He knows you are as low as a snake crawling on belly. CORRUPT< LIAR
and what an ugly future it`ll be ...xxx
Mr president can we start with no nuclear wars?Why can't all countries throw nukes away?
like you care. All you have done is tear America apart.
. We will forever love and cherish you for being a pillar of hope to humanity. We need more of your kind. We invite you to IHS.
how can u say that when you've put the country 20trillion in debt have a think about that.
You are leaving them more debt with more enemies of transgressions !
then you can keep destroying other countries , Well done!!
yes, mr. Obama!  Thank you for pointing out the importance of clean air.
we always think of our children first, we should think  about their future now

really?
we also need a government not making sin a law #BringBackTheBibleToOurSchools
Broader meanings should be taken to #healthy_environment_for_humanity. #Kashmir is under brutal indian terrorism. #FreeKashmir
@ceciliaijonsson  #future #children #together #sunshine
Humans need from consciousness and cognition, and views on improving!
i m ur fan sir.
true talk mr president
Theorietical No. 1 President of all times...
Bilgiler doğru bilindiği sürece nerde olursan ol aynı zamanlarda aynı dusunebilirsiniz.
how bout stopping WW3 from happening
climate change- another liberal chance to tax us for a made up reason
if you go home to Kenya the world might have a chance of survival..
lets hope that it isnt discovered that all of this is just one big lie. RT . #trumptrain @realdonaldtrump
hello mr president who are u supporting Hillary or Trump?
keep wacko Donald Trump away out of our face
and the cats
You sure have done a piss poor job of it in the last 71/2 years
please stand with the Standing Rock Sioux! They need you and your support now more than ever! Please help end the pipeline!
we will miss your example of quality leadership.  Your legacy is powerful
lets do that
Who gives a dam about the climate when you have destroyed America.
USA is d most polluting country in d world. few efforts by USA can halve global warming.
What are you going to say to the people of Aleppo Mr President. Nothing I guess, No change there then Mr President.
the ones that don't get murdered in the womb
Very true words but very doable, Mr. President
yes,If you can't
and I'd have the Federal Reserve Bank Print & Send $50,000 to Every Adult and $25,000 for Every Child Citizen immediately Sir!
Do u ever tell the truth
absolutely
yeah! I support you mr president
sir how do we do that when a certain old man running for president claims climate change is a Chinese hoax

I agree, I miss you , I love you
That is truth my Dear, we need to project fo future generation better than us,amazing
Check out @BarackObama `s meme @TurnbullMalcolm @DrRimmer
what
did u think ever about Syrian children?
Stop selling vehicles & homes to those, who have already one.
yes of couse
सर नमास्ते
Good luck with that...
Do not intervene in the war in Yemen Dear monkey and you'll see America's economic disaster, political and charred corpses
you r planning for a future of your child's and grand children's. And you destroy africa
then stop bombing other countries! Stop producing arms! I'm telling my country (#Germany ) the same thing. #nowar #noarmsexport
stop producing arms? That's ridiculous.
how is that ridiculous?!?
let's leave them with a huge debt
IT IS OUR DUTY TO PROTECT THE CITIZENS FROM ELECTRONIC MIND CONTROL! ELECTRONIC GANG STALKING IS HERE BY ILLEGAL! FREEDOM!
OBAMA OS UNDER ARREST L! WE ARE IN CONTROL! THIS IS A FINAL WARNING TO OBAMA SURRENDER OR PREPARE FOR BATTLE! WE ARE UNITED!
Superb sir,We are with you.
great man, great thought!!
https://youtu.be/AUJj7_73RjQ  please listen to the ministry. God shows favor not favorites. Glory
great thought sir.
Great thought....
I love you Mr. President
Let's hope those children and grandchildren have enough food to eat and a suitable place to live.
@prudencio_tiago 
@HillaryClinton @WhiteHouse
Thank You Só Much You Followers,
Wish Their Lives All Happiness,
All Health, For Each Step
Walked Be Safety

The only nation in the history to use nuke bombs.. Not expected peace from u..
thank you
The Planet Stands a Chance of Healing Soon as U Barrack Leave Office and Stops Blowing Hot Fucking  air out your Pie Trap.
all v need is get together. No one will say NO to it. All super powers can do this.No one is worried abt future.
All wants to be GOD. But no one wants to take pain of GOD. What a pity. Is this why GOD created HUMAN for?
So much money is der
HANUMAN JI had so much powers. Did he used his power to RULE? THOUGH AS PER HINDU saying that he is IMMORTAL.
It' the liberty.
it's the liberty which we take for granted.
We Humans questions everything which is wrong. Sometimes to kill ADHARMA you have
to leave DHARMA.
Thats what Shri krishna told in GEETA.
U will have to get wet to kill sea Monster. U have to be bad to do good
dear sir instead of spending so much for ARMS can't v spend on making this planet beautiful? All it needs is WILL POWER.
Yea, lets leave our children immigrants that want to rape them
Hope Palestinian kids will be a part of that planet too! @BarackObama
tell that to people in the middle East....hypocrite
#makeearthgreatagain
Two more things that would be good for our planet:
Stop drone bombing children.
Stop pissing off Russia.
President your so right!
I love you Obama you and Michelle are the best!
thanks to this admin, we will prob go to war and not have a planet to protect!!!
They'll need to live off the land after you're through crippling America economically. No jobs for them.
...blahblahblah
exactly! #go vegan #plantbased to reverse #climatechange cut #healthcare save #animals from #suffering
If you mean that, shut down DAPL and end all fracking. #VoteGreen
