hi sir i love you.i love you very much and i love  america
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда
President Obama knap, hello, zegene u, goedemorgen, goede middag, goede nacht, bereid, Heer, Heer Boeddha, Jezus Christus, zegen je ,
تو باور کردی که ژنرال ظریف انگلیسی بلده،!!؟؟ می گم که باور نکردی
همان ظریف برجام رو می گم نه ظریفی دیگه!!!
u really should stop getting your info from Fake News, just go out in the community, we are definitely not better off
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 ,, 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
Dear President Obama, please free Malachi York an innocent man imprisoned for 14 years, serving a 35 year sentence.

Another reminder for @realDonaldTrump. You Donny haven't done a damn thing since taking over.
This is not TRUE!!! you and Hillary are both Criminal Psychopathic Liars
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 ,, 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
, vrede, gezondheid, geluk, vaarwel
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快乐,再见
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快樂,再見
there has not been a healthy labor market in 25 years. Get a life you're real good with all your lies and deceptions.
Not for long #KingDonald is working hard to destroy all the great things you did
narac
118,000 are Part time jobs!  Once again you lie.
cccbbbbbbbññv.     Ccccc ôpppp
1973
What about the homeless claims?
What it DOES NOT COUNT IS how many are working part time and HOW MANY full time jobs were lost under his watch.
with 93,000,000 Americans out of work and you're bragging about unemployment?!?!?
I read a letter of Comey from CNN,All things he said are that he(Comey) didn't know at all,he is not sure totally.so POLITICAL
We heard these stats.Amazing how numbers went from 12,000 to over 200,000 the next month. Mr. Obama-we aren't stupid!
@APPropst how healthy really is the US economy right now? Will it remain successful in the long run?
os amo que viva la mujer. Adelante hillari
Barack you and Illary Clinton are the First.
good job POTUS
propaganda
the internet is keeping ppl. From getting picked for jobs a living wage with benefits are needed
thats because the jobless claims from 8 years ago are still open. Youre still adding to the unemplyed.
please...shovel u'r lies somewhere else.
Or, as the #GOP and #Trump belch to the naive, it's the "worst job market in US history".
the numbers speak very loud. Great Mr President
Donki sahyoni homar
People used it up.
What about your increasingly unhealthy ObamaCare plan that is tanking?
You freaking Liar, unemployment is better than 23%.
;Everybody know the economy better ;even Trump followers that,s why they are able to come out of the woodwork an cause problems.
for one thing I know this President has done which many have not heap praise on his Administration is rate of jobless
More lies and slight of hand tom foolery.
1.8 million undergrads each year=14.4 million JUST college grads in Obama years meaning high school grads frozen out
Consider that ObamaCare caused many employers to cut workers hours to part-time to avoid paying. More PT employees.
wipe away the military pay that the pentagon is demanding back.. a contract is a contract.
Because you manipulate the numbers and do not show the true number of people out of work, many because of your failed policies
but but , Trump says there are no jobs, only he can bring them back !!!1
thats because people have gave up on looking for jobs there are no jobs and people are gving up
the country is going on the wrong direction. We need to bring back double digit unemployment. And more wars.
hey did you get that "cleaned up" ..you know getting emails from #HRC without the .gov domain? #draintheswamp
that is not true. Nevada is just now starting to get on its feet and they're still not a lot of commercial work.
now do you seriously want to take credit for the temp jobs in market available  before Christmas?
? Sign they been unemployed so long they can no longer file claims.
Mr. President implement http://humanityparty.com 
BUSTED how do you look in orange?
keep on doing the good job
May be true but CATTERPILLAR INC in Peoria IL laid of ten thousand employees in one year ,my son is one of them
Dosn't include long term unemployed, underemployed, those working part time for lack of full time and those that have given up!
It’s official: Double-digit rate hikes for Obamacare http://cbsnews.com/news/its-offic … via @cbsnews
a 4 week average?! Statistics are only as relevant as the context of the question that's asked. #letsjustfudgeit
or people are just tired of only being offered 20hr weeks @ minimum wage.. wonder if that counts all the homeless vets too?
you're a liar
Lies! Thanks for part time low paying jobs! You shouldn't be proud of that, it's a huge embarrassing failure!
Many people don't realize many started home based business, franchisees and other brick and mortar business
More convoluted numbers from your corrupt admin.
Il peggior presidente degli Stati Uniti D'America, DEVASTATO DALL'ODIO E DALLA PRESUNZIONE
REAL UNEMPLOYMENT RATE, NOT THE AFFIRMATIVE ACTION STATS THAT THIS PRESIDENT IS GIVEN, IS MORE LIKE 12% UNEMPLOYED.
@ABC FUN FACT; DID U KNOW THAT NOT ONE OBAMA POLICY HAS DIRECTLY LED TO JOB GROWTH. ALL JOBS CREATED BY REPUBLICAN GOVERNORS
JOBLESS CLAIMS AT A "LOW" SIMPLY MEANS THEIR BENEFITS RAN OUT. OBVIOUSLY TWEETED TO IGNORANT OBAMA VOTERS.
OBAMA LIES ABOUT HEALTH CARE, OUR RATES WILL SKY ROCKET, BUT AT LEAST WE HAVE A LOW 4 WEEK AVERAGE. WHAT A JOKE.
I GUESS WHEN U HAVE THE WORST RECOVERY IN HISTORY N WILL GO DOWN AS ONE OF THE WORST POTUS EVER, U WILL TRY ANYTHING
4 WEEK AVERAGE? HAHAHAHAHAHAH 4 WEEK AVERAGE? LOWEST JOB PARTICIPATION RATE EVER AND YOU GIVE US AVERAGE OF 4 WEEKS?!
the world is watching #NoDAPL
hello
Thank you again Mr. Pres. Now to discredit the usual repub talking points.
There are now more job openings than there are people who stopped looking for work because there are no jobs. 
Hello
Ur a liar and u Dems doctor the books to whatever u want nobody trust u or the government.
I'm still looking & applying for positions, been laid off since Jan16, been off&on employment since April09, wheres MY recovery
sure when you discount the people who stopped looking. Failed statistics not improved unemployment
TRAITOROUS ANTI-AMERICAN SCUMBAGS @JohnKasich & @BarackObama meet to push GLOBALIST TPP http://www.cnn.com/2016/09/15/politics/john-kasich-trans-pacific-partnership/ … @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
bc they gave up and quit looking for work! False numbers
Obama Cuts $2.6B From Veterans, Approves Internal Order Of $4.5B For Muslim Refugees https://conservativedailypost.com/obama-cuts-2-6b-from-veterans-approves-internal-order-of-4-5b-for-muslim-refugees/ … #DemocratScumbags
https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/CIVPART/  #WorstPresidentEver
you and Killary are going down!! Fbi payoffs woe
Sir, it's true that for Americans generating & getting job both have d same meaning.
mr president are having fun making fun of trump ? Ha ha what's goes around comes around !love you guys !
You can raise a family on Mall or Fast Food Jobs!!Min wage No Benefits! No Mfg, High Tech Jobs All overseas!!
what planet do u live on
nobody looking for work
http://www.xpsupps.com/  use code "Connor" for 10% off!
love you will miss you you are greatest pres of my life time thank you

Obama assures during election campaign to increase more jobs in US that was around 52000. May be news is not correct
The labor participation rate keeps falling also. People aren't looking.  Quit patting yourself on the back.
Thank you President Obama.
thank you for all you have  done Mr. President
Stop playing us as fools when educated people know the stats then and now aren't comparable. If so, it's over 9%.
Millions of Americans are NOT employed. They drop off the roles after unemployment payments. LIAR. U are worst POTUS.
what planet dovu live on? Mars?
You keep pimping the same old shit about jobless claims.  They aren't a good indicator of the economy's health. #FecklessToady
what an unscrupulous liar, it's not wonder he supports crooked Hillary
lost
Ur heinous plan of creating a new world order! Go destroy someone else's country!
U sold us out! Traitor!

can ANY honest reporter report on this that its reflective of people NOT LOOKING ANYMORE not people who've found jobs
We know what's going on & we don't like it! Corruption abounds & ur protecting a felon, HC! We thee ppl r voting Trump!
Plz, give us a break! US is suffering unless ur rich! But u have never been truly for American's! Tired of ur BS rhetoric!
Still work to do and that is why WE are moving forward with HILLARY
Come on CHUMP tell me again about how BAD things are
1973 ainda não sabia  nada disso!
garbage statistic overemphasizing part-time underpaid workers. Look at full time employment. Then diagnose labor market.
what about all unemployed who can't receive benefits any more you don't count those people you sorry pos
bullshit- count the people that have stopped looking and then you'll see 20+ unemployment
unemployment doesn't tell the whole story. Labor force percentage is a much better indicator. Here's yours:
if you don't count those who quit looking or are only on part-time another policy failure and crooked books. #failure
R you smoking Ganja again?
at a all time low because those that already used unemployment still don't have jobs. And you don't count them
you've been amazing. Working with a congress that only conspired against you and still managed to accomplish wonders
great news for all!
what type of employment has caused this dramatic drop in unemployment? Extreme labor and retail and fastfood joints
How do the long-term unemployed/ppl no longer being counted fit into this equation? #inquiringmindswanttoknow Thx Pres Obama!
THEN WHY ARE THERE 94 MILLION PEOPLE UNEMPLOYED. IF CORRECTLY COUNTED WE`D BE IN A RECESSION.
FOR SOMEONE TO IGNORE VOTER FRAUD IS A FOOL. OBAMA DID IT TWICE! OBAMA IS A LIAR W/ THE REST OF THEM!!
you're in office 8 years and it's a 4 week high wow way to go. How many people just stopped looking?
THIS IS THE REAL TRUTH TRUMP!!!

when you factor new workers to growth its flattens out your "gains". People are not getting BACK to work.
When Trump says the people don't like the Direction the Country is heading? Trumps Direction is the Stupid Direction!
key word "claims" many have given up and left the job market. Give context to this stat and show the # in workforce.
Para adelante Señor Presidente.
because people have given up do FU you POS potus
so full of yourself I hope ur good at golf
you are the best pres. In my generation... Can you ask Michelle to run for pres. 4 years from now? Please and thank you
cooking the books everywhere: jobless claims, #unemployment, #healthcare costs, on and on.  Joe Wilson was right.
I'll throw the bullshit flag on that statement.
or it just means people who don't want to work don't because their welfare checks and Food stamps are to high.
Mr. President where is @realDonaldTrump quoting his 'unprecedented out of jobs' figures from??
when are we, the nation, going to prosecute Trump for all his sins during the election? You know them all.
Do it!
thanks a lot, Obama!
Yeah!!!  More are dropping out of the workforce & no longer hurting the job numbers. How well are you really doing?
So what do you say of the Republican claims the economy is a mess?  Be vocal about it! They are the problem, not the solution.
Please stand with Standing Rock #NoDAPL
president Obama, please stop the time Warner merger if you really care about jobs and American consumers.
Barack I haven't heard you speak about jobs not once since
you have been in office.Do you realize how many people are out Jobs.
@FLOTUS You used Grannie as a babysitter for 8 Years now she gets a government payout to boot? WHAT A CROCK BARACK

more rigged polls obama,   put on yr other face try to get a job at yr age no work exp it wiil be min pay part time odd hours.
thanks Obama!!!! Haha
*cough*bull*cough* yes claims are low... Because ppl cant apply when they haven't worked in 5+ yrs... Get the #facts straight!
أعرض على فخامتكم فكرة منظمة تعمل على تفعيل دور الرأى العام العالمى فى اختيار المرشحين للرئاسة فى الدول ذات التأثير العالمى .
