@jfo911 i doubted you and your amazing wife. Truly I just admire everything about you and your family. Talks speeches.Wow
the next potus will pick ! Not You
I'm with you Mr President, thank you for all you have done for America, and her citizens
reality check...you don't always get your way
maybe they will stop the petty partisan politics when you do! A President should be an American, not a Democrat or Republican.
@BarackObama
the #GOP is hedging its bets. If Hillary wins, I'm sure they'll confirm Garland, fearing she would pick a lefty, if Donald wins
let us do it now
I wish I had answers for these voodoo politics ,this is beyond politics or I don't know.speechless??
double the chemistry
I agree Mr. President. Stalling on accepting the nomination only  DELAYS JUSTICE. GROW UP Repubs DO YOUR JOB, NO GAMES
tru dat!
.
Tu prottegi i tuoi fratelli musulmani.
Spiegate cosa pregatt tu le 5 volte
.
Cosi vi chiudanle moschee.
In tutto il mondo.
USA supreme court freedom samesex gay marriage decision is shatani action   which may not like in animal pure sin?
You will NEVER get your judge!
hi
@BarackObama
#just put him during the recess if it is possible.
havent you done enough damage? Thank God my senator has the minerals to stand for us.
قعرہ انداز کر آپ نے مختلف ملکو کے لوگوں کو گرین کارڈ ویزے دیے پھر لمبے چوڑے پروسس سے گذارہ اس کے بعد آپ نے کچھ لوگوں کو سب
Trump for president
When a judge is needed on the court, the position should be filled by the current president. 1 case stalled is too many
PUT ALL EFFORT IN KEEPING PEACE
RATHER
CREATE TENTIONS
FALSE STATEMENT
WASTING ENERGY
GAIN NO RESPECT
UNDER GRADE PERSONALITY

Putz!
Na it is working just fine. How about we impeach Ginsberg, and you.
not only that but stop GOCO In NM abusing VK2 and little one on innocents.
Never in hell will you get to appiont another judge Obama, the country wont take any more of you and your idyllic lies...
lol. You telling the senate to do their job while finger wagging at petty politics.
our democracy doesn't deserve respect because we aren't a democracy.
: Senators, we are watching and we will remember when it's time to vote!!! ## Do your job!!! I agree with  you President Obama!!
the same could be said to you...
super sir how r u sir. I am indian State of tamilnadu.
what about doing your job stop blacks from killing cops#Do your job
The fact that YOU did the same thing as senator and it was acceptable negates all the whining you are doing now.
My brain being controlled by satellite. I was attacked by satellite laser
#Youdoyourfuckingjob
: once you leave office then they will act for the good of the country.
sweet
Yeah right! You did the same thing as a senate. Stop politizing everything. GO GOLF SOME MORE COMMANDER IN GOLF.
did they let you leave office I'll be happy because you don't care about handicap people
sir, looking great
let the divider Donald Trump eat he's heart out...you are the greatest President Obama of the US!
you are going to the history with grace and proud... They will never be an other one like you
I still think the surpreme court makes the petty Senate
Recall this! , http://easycolorexpress.com 
how about you just use your executive order
Ha.All you need to do now is convince Michelle to run for president. #michelleforpresident
#BidenRule
#NoScotusVote
#EnoughAlready
How do u lay the ground 2 make intelligent compromise, when the system 2 deliver proper compromise & change is broken badly?
That is an understatement, & along with that, America must clean up Congress. It has gotten 2 which is worse cesspool/Congress?
It was meant to be sent to bo. Got it? :)
the man that you helped in to power for your selfish interest. You are a disappointment to the Africans
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.entertainmentprank.pinwheel&hl=en …
why are you pushing so hard Obama ?
Trying to sneak something in under the carpet ?
they ought to know that petty bickering has nothing to do with delaying such a mandatory supreme responsibility.
كول خرا
As Judges shouldn't stand above!
hello
@4TerryFarrell We must stop the destruction of the Constitution. Let's get some real American oath keepers in there! #MAGA
Do your job, and quit letting cops die by your rhetoric!!  #BlueLivesMatter #alllivesmatter
FBI investigations and justice must come before cronyism. Oh wait are you deflecting again? Collusion is still criminal.
Protect our border.
Enforce immigration law.
Uphold the Constitution.
Light the White House with blue light.
#DoYOURJob 

Once.
Yes. Absolutely.
You didn't think so 8 years ago diaper load.
NOT A DEMOCRACY. #CONSTITUTIONAL
#USSANATE, give Judge Garland a hearing. Our #vote will speak in November.
@BarackObama
nobody wants your liberal lovin #Blm thugs in the SC!
Reflections And Warnings - An Interview With Aaron Russo {Full Film}
wow I am so sorry you have to go through this nonsense  STILL I will miss you Mr President and Thank you

Presidente Obama, sou Empresario rural, gostaria muito de poder falar contigo, que Deus o ilumine...
Petty? Wow, Supreme Court nominations are very important. Constitutional based Justices!!  Unlike the ones appointed by Obama
again u r trying to push ur agenda. U need to stop being a dictator n just shut up.
I am from Msia and I d like to tell u to say what u really mean and really mean what u say Mr President
We'll see what Trump does. It'll be someone like Scalia.
how about giving the people a day and vote. I'm truly disappointed looking at what the DNC has done.
Haven't you done enough already?
Recess appointment
he deserves nothing. This is about your failure to lead. Stop manipulating. No vote for Garland.
yes!
Its too late. They never like you or respected you from the start.
I think all politics are petty to much time to resolve issues.$ buys corruption court and media there the only free 1s rich ppl
/ GOOD MORNING/ NIGHT Sir. God Bless U All Sir.
Give it up!
now that's funny!
Give democracy a chance. Leaked emails show the world the corruption of Clinton. Ask her do the right thing for USA 2 step down
getting rid of you is what is best for this country #miserablefailure
You are President,make it happen!Still have bad Youth Facilities in NJ!Why did u come here,no help!Christie's office is BS,help
Harry Reid had 100s of bills even ones approved by his own party and they never got a vote. I think the worm has turned
@BarackObama
and of course it has to be a Democrat judge. Go the fuck away
so True Mr. President!
@realDonaldTrump
@BarackObama
thank you! God help us we need you for a 3rd term 
#تتركوناالصعاليك تفترس شعوب بعض الدول العربية دون حراك ساخن لإيقاف غول داعش السلطة والمال لديها حتي تصبح قاتلة وش أمة.ولبييامثل
#وهذا هو ماء يوكدتجذرالديمقراطية في بلد الحريات ولكن سوا لي لكونكم رعاة الحرية والديمقراطية فلماذاتتركوناالصعاليك والذئاب تفترس
can we sue congress for breaching their employment agreement with the people?
Nigerian government learn from this
What about YOUR petty politics? YOU'RE A CLOWN!!!!
Respect the Biden Rule.
McConnell REJECTS GOP's guiding Principle of honoring our constitution & putting power back in the hands of the people
"BO TIME TO RETURN TO USING THE PATH TOWARDS LOVE, while RDT STOLE THE NOMINATION HE WILL LOSE POTUS BC REALITY SPEAKS LOUDEST"
if YOU CHOSE HIM, NO THANKS.
lol only the president gets to have petty politics...
how about addressing the black community a little more. How about pressuring these good cops to turn in bad ones
why so you can ram another activist judge down our throats? No Thanks. #Nobama #obamafraud #obamatraitor #hillaryisobama
Just appoint him, for God's sake. The Senate has relinquished its command to advise and consent.
just appoint him, they have abondened and surrendered their Constitutional duties in the process, now is the time. #DoYourJob
To the @TPPatriots and @GOP going against the constitution to get there way is the only thing they know! @HFA will fix that BS!
Hey Lame Duck Barack, go do your Quacking to Michelle or the kids, because no on else cares about you Lame Duck
you are the best president in the world 
STFU! 
YOU HAVE DESTROYED OUR HEALTH CARE AND OUR COUNTRY!
Being a supreme court judge should not be a life sentence for the people. They should serve two years & out no pension.
This again....? get over it, you are never going to pick a SCOTUS again. Stop crying about it.
Full strength ! Are you serious the entire bunch couldn't pull a sick whore off a toilet seat.Ban the bunch of them , too old.
You're really in a hurry to get that liberal SCJ in there, aren't you BHO? Leave it to the next POTUS! Your job is OVER, BITCH!
then figure out a way to get rid of the traitors Mr President.Head traitor:  mitch mcconnel.I got some ideas. Txt if interested
please tell your secretary of labor Tom Perez to pay case 500017181 it's 14 years fighting a battle to get these benefits
You've treated this democracy with the utmost of disrespect! Do YOUR job! #PresidentialHypocrisy
Wait just a few months. What's the hurry?
my stop Muslim terrorist Obama from a pointing
Yeh GOP seems to be a group of spoiled brats. Now they have the biggest Brat of all for a leader. Give Garland his due respect
nobody is listening BO
Tu resteras dans l'histoire
Why cant @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan grasp understaffed @SCOTUS ongoing threat to our nation?? @HillaryClinton
yea, but nothing is above YOUR petty politics, is it?
yeah, Congress, do you uphold the Constitution or not?!
No thank you. Leave it please.
sen.supesin.obama
We can't wait until you're out of office so we can appoint a new SCOTUS judge.  We don't want you to nominate your pals.
no one wants your left agenda
do your job sir. Mr pass the buck. Bringing immigrants to a falling economy keeps Americans on welfare. Way to go.. #maga
if you had done your job they would. Too many expensive vacations. Huh.
@LeslieMarshall Not until you're gone O. Give us citizens the respect we deserve. We'll put in good patriots. You, not so much
Did you tell bush that. Stop masking your racism.#potus damsure isn't perfect yet look who caused
amazing. Libs always throw out the racism word. Real educated the aren't.
NO! Go Trump!!!
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP 
There is nothing too petty for McConnell.
If the President was of a different race, would this be an issue?
like you did when Bush was in charge. I'm so tired of the uncaring politicians. This includes you sir.
GOP ARE SATANIC AND LUCIFER TRUMP is the punishment to them for not caring about the needs of the M/Class
https://www.etsy.com/listing/449263388/no-donald-trump-button-pin-nevertrump …
Dear President hope to bring out the prisoner unjustly Khaled al-Dossari sentenced to life imprisonment
: Oh Madam President First Day In Office Garland will Be Approved
Yes I did.  This party is united.  Not like the other party disgrace at the convention
they are doing their job. putting a check on you......
just as soon as your gone sir
: President Obama And The American people Deserve Hearing
conquer the world @Illuminati_Stop  good strategy
.  you're the last person in the world to b telling anyone to treat anything/anyone with respect. Cancer has more respect than u
Obama knows all about petty politics and executive orders that always get rejected by the Supreme Court!
not allowing another progressive on the Supreme Court is hardly petty politics.
we the people will not listen to a Radical Muslim President!!! U are Corrupt from Birth!! A Lying untrustworthy president!!!!
"petty politics", "respect they deserve" ? From the guy who stole 21k Delphi Retirees' pensions while topping up unions. WTF?
congratulation for picking a woman to be a leader from tz
#DNCleak out of my ass
quit tweeting and get our deficit down
@alescovedo I have a plan to bring Underground economy from#undocumented workers# immigrants into play It will work GOD Bls USA
hammer it home time
