@BarackObama
#NoDAPL  #StandingRock  #Treaties #NoDakotaAccessPipeline #MniWiconi
Mr Obama how can you sleep?
before you leave office Mr President can you please let Kwame Kilpatrick out?
climate change is a myth
You promised outrageous electric bills and now this, stop already. Healthcare is a flop just as your presidency, just go now.
@BarackObama
touch hold czre
what about cleaning up the corrupt white house.washington is lawless and ISIS is a serious threat to all. Wake up.
#LENR would reduce energy bills 99% percent until 2024 if YOU #ActOnClimate http://thenewfire.wordpress.com 
meanwhile my energy bill already goes up 3-5 % per year.....soooo by 2030 it will go down 8%....omg thank you
Mr. President citizens support clean energy as long as it is not in their backyard. There's no clear path forward.
please helping
@eLCHuLOMan sure going to miss u Mr. Brother President
thank you Mr President
just try to reduce waste. I think usa generates equal amount of waste as Asia.
for the last time i will write about it,the atmosphere heat degree is a releationship between ice mountains,and other mountains
In 15 yrs I'll be 75 I'll need to save more than that I live  check to paycheck
please serve the United States citizens and take no further action.
Just go golf 4 rest of your term. Things work out better for us while you're golfing. You're not paid to campaign
Nice
Forests are a thing of the past as some reckon in south america and elsewhere but they are needed now to protect the #climate
Go to http://www.islam.info.tm   Read  The Inclinations Of Islam
The same way your healthcare plan reduced insurance rates.Once again you show yourself to be a follower of the Father of lies.
right direction
Green Revolution will bring Peace and Prosperity to Planet Earth.
Hello
GIVE REAL RESULT N PEACE
BY
NOT SENDING
Military relocation
TO 
ASIA.

WE NEED EVONOMY & JOBS
NOT
WARSHIP & MILITARY 
BE PEACE
you promised higher electric bills and now this, stop already. Healthcare is a flop just as your presidency, just go away.
whatever hahahahaha
we are in a fight with radical Islam , defeat it first and Iran
, Mr. President as para of the rest of the World, we apreciate your plan
everybody take cara the climate?
we have take care the climate
Obama told the people you can keep your doctor and keep your plan. If you move to a new house then your electric will go up!
Your country polluted the earth more than anybody here...
that's what you said about your healthcare system which is loaded with hidden fines and fees for no compliance. Forceable theft
fuck climate change. How about gun violence and the homeless. Wake up asshole.
hmm same way the health care act would lower cost

BIG FAT LIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
8%... BIG DEAL. whats that... $20?? .... GOLF CLAP! GET A JOB!
WE HEARD THAT BULLSHIT ABOUT OBAMA CARE. LOOK WHAT HAPPENED.
..you're not allowed to use the word leadership
It is really a great visionary act of the President and it is for other leaders to emulate.
Sir recently  read news that u hv visited lucinia, flood effected state, without security, really admirable action.
: Inflation adjusted?
define "average" American.
You came in on Hope and Change. U will leave on corruption and lies! Remember when u told us most transparent regime ever LMFAO
and people's children would not become victims. The V.A . Costs would go down. Win. Win
The money spent getting nowhere overseas military wise could be used to fund military helping fires,etc.
Very Nice Can the military assist the fire fighters please? We can't have a good foundation if in ruins
Wind and Solar require carbon. Solar can't produce electricity in peak times only nuclear, coal & natural gas. #energytruth
Why did you wait until you had 4 months left on an 8-year term (you're welcome) to attempt this?
That's .5% per year - whoopee-fuckin-do
are you in bed with Hillary?
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. remitted back to the United States,because I do not get a dime.
Thank u for trying to make things right.. I know u know when to walk away,n l hope u never have to run... Shorty A.
Trees come first when we act on #climatechange Its not the effects of CO2 which is overexagerated
and exactly what is his stand on the Dakota Access Pipeline? #NoDAPL
I can't avoid laughing to this joke!!! :D :D
What does 8% mean to a rising cost of Living, rising inflation and property rates?
1. Only 8% 2. 2030? I could be dead by then!!
If you could respond to this sir, it would make my day! 
This is a huge lie! Just look at Ontario

vì sao ông yêu vợ mình m
More LIBERAL BULLSHIT!
Keep fight! 

Proud to have served under you in 08 when you made history Mr President. You did a great job, God Bless. Erin go Bragh!!
haha more lies!
big whoop. how much will we in taxes over yhe next 14 yrs to save 8%?
climate change a big farce
"climate change", another version of "The Prince Who Wore No Clothes"
wow!!! A whopping.     $14 for me in 2030. Bahahaha inflation on other products will take of that thanks POTUS.
Indian  always  with you our PM work harder to makes the world better place for ......today....future
not enough.
seriously? You are guaranteeing rates and fees now?
you must have missed the memo about #antarctica
जन्माष्टमी की हार्दिक शुभकामनायें
yes my president i like your style "say and act
why did you pay ransom for hostages and then lie about it?
the only thing is...they are expensive... Wish I could afford them!
This is true! Can't wait to get solar panels...matter of fact everyone that I know who has them has had big reductions...
lets take a look http://www.scout4apps.com 
more US jobs will be lost & more companies will move because of unrealistic & unnecessary regulations.
yeah just like our insurance premiums wouldn't go up. Takes me two months to see my dr too. You said that won't happen either
Just like ACA lowered the cost of health care. Sorry Pres you have "0" cred making statements like this.
why dont you get off of twitter and do something about ISIS

this need a revolution ! Not only following What existe allready only . We advance by tradition in science today .
Best #ActOnClimate is to cancel the Obama sequel; @HillaryClinton; to allow to recover from you.
HOW, FROM 2017 TO 2020 YOU WILL PAY 25% MORE EACH MONTH. SO IF U DON'T LIKE HIS PLANS, HE DOESN'T CARE.
You armed ISIS, twice, which has changed the climate of terrorism worldwide. Now we need a change in white house climate.
And Obamacare will lower your medical expenses.  @BarackObama
wow 8% in 15 years?! WOW
I literally laughed out loud
You have abused and made a mockery of the office of President of the US attempting to subvert every honored institution.
Humans cannot change the weather anymore than Obamacare could change the "cost" of healthcare.
When you tried to forces schools to give perverts access to girls in restrooms and locker rooms you lost all credibility.
@BarackObama
and you can keep your doctor, keep your insurance, and your premiums will go down $2500, some time after going up $5000 liar!
@POTUS @http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2013/dec/12/lie-year-if-you-like-your-health-care-plan-keep-it/
I love my plan and haven't had to change anything!
Lucky you! However, you can't statistically extrapolate your anecdote to millions. Corp plans change '17
We need help
my dear Mr. president,
i am having a great dream since your apearance.
shut up I wrote you you really disappointed me
بارك الله فيكم 
تغير المناخ هيا فترة معينا وستنتهي قريبآ بأذن الله
hello Mr Obama how are you doing I am a preacher from Danville,Ga.and I had cancer and couldn't get your lns, I could help you
if you like your electric bill you can keep your electric bill
Reminds me of Don Quijote...
Electricity bills are rising b/c of regulations for the bogus climate con. Obama stated electricity rates will skyrocket.
thank you Sir can't wait to see you Chicago Style Stepping please let me be present to see this
thank you
love u man.... With love from uk moroccan
When? My electric bill doubled in the last 3 years. Why?
this is good! I like this!
You mean like how your signature health care legislation reduced the average Americans health ins premium?
Noamerica
Thank you Mr. President.  Know that we respect your leadership, your accomplishments and efforts.
Kicking ass as always - keep up the great work!
#yeahright
just like the #ACA was suppose to help lower Healthcare costs. #ThanksforNoting #POTUS is a disgrace to the black race
But why baby steps? Just take the "big boy" steps that we all know is called for.
your leadership in the fight against terrorism is costing Ethiopians in more ways than one.
- "if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor".
When is he going to put the same effort into fighting terrorist
too bad ISIS is more of a threat to national security than climate change..
you can keep your doctor too!
An 8% reduction by 2030 but what is the cost ?  They never talk about that....
you have to be born in America to be president. you was fucking born in kenya.
you are not even an American and you are an illegal president. everything you done means nothing.
how's ur friends no producing tax payer funded solar farm in Cali doing ? Still spending more to run than it produces ? Yup
Funny you used the phrase "pay off" exactly the agenda behind this climate alarmist nonsense
God bless you President Obama and keep protecting you
Thanks for your forward sight into the future and actions.
simply put, this is a blatant lie. #butwhatelseisnew
THANK YOU!
please..I own a small business and our bill is incredible..
why does it take so long Mr. Prez
leadership my ass
great achievement
Yeah just like Obamacare was supposed to bring insurance rates down. Your a moron
Obama you are a great President
I agree.
How about breaking up Monopoly companies like FPL here in Florida. Build out Solar and Wind generated power supplies!
8% by 2030 after inflation, taxation..we still pay more  You ain't foolin' no one 
how about smoothing out the regulations to put up solar panels and eliminate the taxes and fines on those
just like keeping our plans and doctors, amirite?
shut up already.......
one small very expensive but powerful step towards so much greatness for #america
lol just like we'd save $2500 per year on health insurance, right? Liar.
let's keep making those changes to circumvent climate change! #righton
.for You my président.
please stop this ridiculous baloney --by 2030
blah blah. Fucking Puppet!
real leaders don't back candidates and a party that rigged primaries. #demexit
Isn't that fantastic! In 14 years I will be saving $8 a month. Thanks Obama!
Just like Obamacare....Got it..Thanks
of this country
it just goes to show that the "LEADERSHIP" is still in bed with big oil and cares NOTHING for the land or the people
Why is the economic argument more appealing than the survival of life on earth?
fantastic savings!  I'll be sure to deposit that with my $2,500 savings for my family's healthcare...
yes correct sir..
and we can keep our doctor and save 2,400 p/year on our health care premiums.
then why have you not stood up to this company that threatens the water #NODAPL #REZPECTOURWATER
WE are going to miss you Mr. President. No Trump please... Have a Bless and Wonderful Day.
You mean like Obamacare reduced our Healthcare costs? Anymore reductions from Obama and we'll all be on food stamps!!
Climate change is NOT #1 on Americans' list of things to fight against. Economy, terrorism & foreign affairs are! #outoftouch
thanks to our leadership in the drug war, the govt is killing people in the phillipines. prohibition=violence #EndTheDrugWar
Hello
.@BarackObama Willful ignorance.
oh thanks, but we all know energy should be free...the sun is unlimited. #whysostupidbarry
great job
I prefer to lower tax rate by 8%
