1St Lady Michelle, Sasha and Malia are all awesome and will be missed too.  You have brought us so diversity and love.
@BarackObama
happy birthday and many happy returns.
I USE TO RESPECT U...AFTER #DemConvention &ALL THE SHIT I WITNESSED THERE...MY RESPECT IS GONE...WTF HAPPENED TO U? #KARMA2U
umm, do you honestly expect a response, how disrespectful, not the time or place, it's the mans birthday.
@BarackObama
Iranians told Obama the heavy water was for better enemas and Obama said we love better enemas
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
Dios quiere darse a...
www idmji org. oficial
Dios quiere darse a...
www idmji org. oficial
Dios quiere darse a...
www idmji org. oficial
un poco tarde para felicitarlo por su cumpleaños  Señor presidente , más le deseo el mayor de los éxitos .
happy birth to you my favourite president!!!!
Happy b-day Mr. President! On your bday treat yourself in a spa, yoga to relax or maybe dye ur hair this time? #Obama #POTUS
Happy President Obama, you.have been one of our greatest presidents, it not the greatest. Live, love and prosper.
@BarackObama
Happy 55th B-day - Love, The Ayatollahs of Iran
p.s. thanks for the $400 million. #IranRansomScandal
@BarackObama
I LIKE YOUR PICTURES GUY
NICE PHOTO BARACK OBAMA.
the intelligent realize you DON"T EVEN KNOW YOUR OWN BIRTHDAY DATE...or location.
Happy birthday
Happy birthday to ya happy birthday to ya
It's been nothing but an 8 year party spending, spending, our dollars, vacationing, sports, golf, the good life with our money!
Why all the secrecy? We ALL know what kinds of 'candy' you ALL will b doing in OUR WHITE HOUSE!! Won't b soon enuf till ur OUT!
happy birth dy sir with best wishess
hi
Many many Happy returns of the day........ Regards Mukesh Tiwari ( India )
happy hAppy  birthday you Are a wonderful person..
@BarackObama
Barack I remember when you cried on Americans.
happy birthday to the greatest president the USA has ever had . And many many more
Happy Birthday             Mr PresidentI already Miss You and Your Amazing FamilyYou made Me Proud to be American
happy birthday Mr. President!
happy birthday
happy birth day Mr president. Persian people  love you.
Happy Birthday POTUS
happy birthday Mr. President you are awesome
happy birthday Obama and many many more
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Mr President.  Enjoy your day and do something fun and wild.   Stay cool.
happy birthday!
Happy 55th birthday to President Barrack Obama, from THE NATIONAL BIOGRAPHER MAGAZINE
Many Happy Returns of the day!! Happy Birthday Sir!! Have a marvelous year ahead.
Happy Birthday!!! And many more to come.
hahaha
Happy Birthday Sir, I know your family and friends will let you know how special, important and loved you are sir. God bless.
Coast Guard birthday is more important
my name isn't my email address.
happy birthday prez.
HAPPY  BIRTHDAY Mr. PRESIDENT. Please send David Howell Petraeus  in Romania . Anca Subtirelu
HappyHappyHappyBirthdayToYOU President Obama!!
Have a blessed birthday!!!!!
Happy Birthday! Enjoy your day with your family. We look forward welcoming you soon in Lima, Perú
happy birthday
Happy Birthday Mr. President! Have a Blessed Day! Wishing you the Best! 
HBD
Happy Birthday
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
Happy Birthday to you, thanks for putting us back on track
Happy Birthday thanks for putting us back on track
happy birthday Mr. President, many more sir!
# HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. PRESIDENT!
não entendi  direito ...não dormir sem isso ... não entendi sorry
तुम जियों हजारों साल..|जन्मदिन की हार्दिक शुभकामनाएँ ,आप हमेशा खुश और स्वस्थ रहे ऐसी भगवान से प्रार्थना करते हैं |
Happy B'day... all d'Best 4U
CHIP-IN WITH US! http://easycolorexpress.com 
Happy birthday mheshimia rais.
Happy Birthday!
MARSEALINA HANDY
HAPPYBDAY marsealina handy
this sod "trump" will never become president of America,the American people smarter than choosing for himself a sod
from Verona (Italy) HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. PRESIDENT
if only I had 400 mill to put in your card.
Happy Birthday!!
#PokemonGO
happy birthday  Mr president
you are the greatest Happy birthday and many many more!!!!!
I couldn't sign the card. My postal code was not accepted. Happy Birthday, Barack. Have a great day.
Happy Birthday from Scotland.  Tried to sign the card but UK post code didnt work.
Happy Birthday, Mr. President!
happy birthday, President.
Happy Birthday Mr. Obama
happy birthday
Happy birthday.... Now RESIGN!!!!
teslim et baş tacı ol
Happy birthday Mr. President!! 
We unable to sign , we are Indian Friends , No way wish him a Happy Birthday
Congratulations from Sweden!
Happy birthday Mr. President.
enna pa kalaya
happy birthday today Mr president
শুভ জন্মদিন @BarackObama Happy Birthday,
@_carlosheredia dont sleep on this man
Happy birthday
Happy birthday Mr President from an Aussie admirer
I wish you a happy birthday and thank you for all you have done.
HAPPY BDAY GOD BLESS YOU ALWAYS
Happy birthday to my best president...l love you sir.. enjoy your day
Happy birthday Mr President.  Hope you enjoy your rest of life.
Thankfully, this will be the LAST bday in the White House. #ObamaBirthday
You have been an inspiration, and a dedicated "POTUS". Stay Golden.
happy birthday Mr. President
happy 50th birthday
you rare heart ful men
HappyBirthday
Happy birthday big Boss
Happy Birthday! Can I sign even though I don't have a US zip code? Oh what the heck, have a memorable day.
happy birthday pres.ur a great guy
happie bthdy Mr.president
happy birthday
hii sir
Happy B-day 44 to 55 fast you don't look a day over 65 8 years of your job You have made things nice Thanks now you look 48
Happy britday. Mr Obama
happy bday to you...what a coincidence... Its my bday too
Happy Birthday Mr. President! Have a Blast!
z
HAPPY  BIRTHDAY  MR . PRESIDENT /Ride it out or work it out!!
LEO NATION
Happy Birthday Mr. President 
thanks for forgiving my student loans
Happy birthday Barack!  Enjoy & be blessed with many, many more!
Happy Birthday  Mr. President. You are more than a president.  #typeofchrist 
#wisemen seekingyourbirhplace,  #NotTheChrist
I hope you have a great birthday, Mr. President. I appreciate all you've done for the country, despite much opposition.
Thank You So Much !! And Happy BDay Mr.President and Godbless You,Michelle,the Kids,and Godbless America! And United We Stand!
The Things I So Cherish Most about You is that You Stand For Change,Equality,Unity,Reform,and ect ect . 
You are such a true inspiration to Me.And, You did a fabulous job for Our country within the last 8 years You were in Office.
happy birthday
Happy Blessed Birthday Mr.President.many more.
Mr.President I so love You and Idolize You To Death. And Saddened that Your Time In Office is Coming to and end.
Joyeux Anniversaire President Obama
@potus happy birthday my president.  You're the bestest! Wish u could serve 4 more years! Xoxoxo!
, Happy-B-Day, U look great for becoming 55 yrs Young. Enjoy Ur B-Day to the fullest. Blessings to U !!!
why did the Pope tell us to face Mecca?
@BarackObama
Happy Birthday, Mr. Prez!  You're THE BEST President; and I share a birthday with you on the 6th. Have a fabulous day!!
Happy birthday!!
Jaime
God bless the president of the United States of America you go Barack love to you from the Smoky Mountains of Tennessee
you're the greatest ever. Happy Birthday

don't have a happy birthday sucka
happy birthday Mr President
Happy,Happy birthday Mr. President. May you have many, many more.
Happy Birthday, Many Blessings to you...
Happy Birthday Mr. President
