Ur true pride meles starn and strutter self of pride self respect displan
don't remember health care being in the constitution???
We are supposed to be the riches nation and your saying we should not offer health care to people who can't afford it.
You probably didnt realize this country is rich because of capitalism. You get ahead by working hard. People are not denied healthcare.
As look at ur wever
As what you say for the whole world as nation of ur maning faces indstruter for the next generation say for the whole world teaching kids
Pieces to ppl
That ur job in hand at this moment look at ur streets instrutter and reptshon sire
Saludos mr. Obama desde mexico, cuidese lo admiro..
FACT: ACA is a NIGHTMARE, even for Dems like me. Premiums are skyrocketing for coverage that's complete junk. Huge mistake.
He admits there are some flaws and tweaking needed but to totally repeal and remove health care while your figuring things out is not accept
I lost my insurance due to ACA (it became too expensive to afford). I know repeal would hurt many people, but ACA also hurts people like me.
P.S.  Don't get me wrong - I LOVE Obama. He was a great prez (esp. compared to Trump). But the ACA still screwed me. That's my only point.
Get ins for my son who had several pre-existing problems.  Not one ins would cover him and the ones that would wanted $2000 or more.....
Healthcare is a right!
That's why we fined you if you don't want to buy it

But we never fined you for not buying a gun
#weird
Thank you, Mr. President. 
#ProtectOurCare #SaveACA
Well, the insurance and pharmaceutical companies, anyway.
What for ices
I wish you could have locked down the insurance companies. All this climbing premium is BS because the doctors charging more no
Morls libertters priseblal priorities equal up Wiman rights

Come on cheer that bin Carey in cart law
That were runing cool runs
Come back the world may end before 2020 HELP !
it can't protect the people who can't afford $700 a month or $1800 a month for crappy care. You're the worst president ever.
@BarackObama can you please follow me back former mr.president 
The majority have no permanent rights while capitalism continues. Capitalism is only interested in profits. Not meeting needs.
capitalism gives the individual the right to make their own decisions.
If you’re poor, capitalism gives you no rights to anything. Capitalism’s rule is can’t pay, can’t have.
Capitalisms rule is, work for what you want. What kind of person thinks they're entitled to what someone else earned anyway? Sad.
As thay look at van full goons in stand future
For ur national security
And it helped millions of workers with crap insurance! Made the companies up that Carol'u insurance!
Crap insurance...
Jst found out my coverage is gone. Don't know why. So I stopped going to Doc. An abomination. 
that makes no sense why would you not ask? And if you're sick not going? Sounds like BS
As this is seeing modenashon
Hell yes. Miss you! If you ever find yourself in Utah please let me and my wife take you and Mrs Obama out.
Oh if we could have this amazing President for 4 more years. Now have a Keptocratic Russian
Traitor, destroying everything abt out democracy
Miss Obama's Pres everyday!!
HEART HURTS 
FOR OUR COUNTRY
FOR DEMOCRACY 
FOR FREEDOM
FOR OUR LAWS
FOR THE FUTURE
FOR LEADER'S W/EMPATHY!
God we miss you !!
M'y best ex-président Obama i love you
you are Right Mr Barack and i hope if  averybody make to think like you, the world Will be deliver!
The facts are clear America will be on a weaker footing if Trumpcare is passed.
Congress' platinum plated healthcare will be perfectly safe
I don't see it in the constitution or bill of rights ....    so it must not be
.com
Hi
obummer one of the biggest liars of my life time.
OMG lie city
@Werner_Oyanadel Why don't you just go away! go back to your homeland Kenya
lol what a pos
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/auto-delete-your-facebook-account-after.html?m=1 …
@KeoniTylerPub @SpeakerRyan We all deserve the same free health care as politicians receive. Free HC for half year of service 
Iam Pakistani,muslan,may HOBY,riding,shoshal wark,Potary,Urdu&punjabi
Healthcare is not a right. You work hard to be able to afford it.
Kentucky is seeing and hearing you loud and clear sir.
Thanks Obama!!!!
need help with a parent plus loan my husband took out a parent plus loan in 2009 and in 2010 he is disabled any help

The facts are NOT clear.  You must have drunk your own Kool-Aid.
is on
we always had in sweden !
wrong
It's neither a right nor a privilege, Obamacare's a scam which will break the American taxpayer.
*Unless you're a male - THEN, contraceptive coverage is NOT MANDATED by #ACA, it's apparently a privilege, not a right.
But you failed to provide involuntary health care access to mentally ill.
health care is not a right, but firearm ownership is #2A
life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness are rights.
I TOLD YOU THAT'D REALLY LIKE YOU BARACK OBAMA
Then it should be free
you're the only one saying that about ACA ... such lies
Barry be doing lines again!  The lies just keep coming
iybug hg huvyguviu
http://tap-news.com/2016/10/28/great-donald-j-trump-rally-breaks-attendance-record-famous-arena-made-famous-pop-star/ …
health insurance for my family of 4, preventative care only, costs nearly 3/4 of my pay? Affordable my rear end.
health care isn't a right, it's a service.
very nice happy dewali have a nice day well said but every woman and man negligence about her health
he'll never
no no
. Not having your land taken over and having pipelines run through it is a right too.President Obama support #NoDPL
does anyone know how an American citizen can cast their vote if they are living overseas permanently.
A cornerstone of the facts your health care package is a joke and it was not even yours it was brought toyou by Hillary Clinton
have you even read the Bill of Rights?
so... what you're really saying is that since not everyone has healthcare, then not everyone has = rights??
the problem is the shoulders of giants you've crushed getting there.
if that's the case then why does it cost so much for the individual?
I want to believe, I support the fundamentals of the #ACA. But a (confirmed) 41% premium increase is staggering for our family.
The opponents to #Obamacare are the greedy wealthy. Their unconsciousness will likely be the end of the human race.
it's true in fact i hope the next president keep this state of mind thank you barack
ok
then stop giving a hefty fine to the millions of Americans who CAN'T afford Obamacare
: This should be a lesson to Indian Prime Minister.
i call bs  its a disaster and i dont want to pay for it i dont even want healtgcare but you forced me to get it f*%k u
I'm very grateful for ACA.  Huge win.
U r really a great hero for me
no it dosent make it a right not everyone needs heath care people should be able to choose to have it if they want and not fine
lol you are a joke.
stupid Healthcare is not a right
Really? I remember having great insurance on my entire family before you screwed it up. Now I can't afford to cover one of us.
liar !!! You will bow before Jesus some day and be held accountable!!
your absolutely right sir, and cpl.Scott is on board sir.
Thank You @POTUS  for Obamacare. Hopefully soon the rest of America will find a heart and help out.
nice
than why did my premium and overall health costs go up after ACA was implemented? Affordable for some maybe.
Are you for real???
if it's a right why was it shoved down the American people throats with a penalty clause. That is not a right.
is it a right for free EBT
we live in a world of nihilism?
America is stronger. Ask the millions of Americans that are covered if they want affordable care act removed?
problem is that it keeps going up! 40% increase this year and I didn't even use it! Is that what you call affordable??? Not!
my adult kids have no HEALTHCARE. But have to pay the fine
lame. Thanks for the fines.
What article of the constitution does that come from and how did your last brilliant plan for healthcare work out?
@LadyGloriousjax GOP need to get on board w/ACA to make it better. Trump supporters Pre-exiting condition on the ballot.
Not a right. It is provided by other individuals; they cannot be compelled to do so.
It must be a right for people to have to pay over 20% more next year. You snuck an Obamacare tax on the middle class.
Health Care is not in the Constitution mr. genius.
The best president ever
except it raised the premium of every body. Want to stimulate economy, health insurance across state lines.
no it doesn't, it insures more government control over peoples lives
nothing said here is accurate.
sorry It doesn't work for me..
<=DumbShit. There is no such "Right" in the Constitution. Worst President Ever is BO

#NeverTrump #NeverHillary #Obamacare #MLB
Obamacare was forced on people. We have had no rights under the Obama administration. This has been eight years of forced laws
I did support #Obamacare until now. 75% increase in my #BCBSNC premium. Can barely afford it now. I'm screwed.
Agree & millions have insurance who couldn't get it before! health care should be a right not run by for profit companies!
if it was a right it would be free. Not a monthly fee or a fine at the end of year due to being unaffordable. #ObamacareFailed
it literally saved my life last December THANK YOU or I wouldn't be here
22% rate hike in Obama care is nothing but garbage  .

.@BarackObama Why are Seniors not treated equally?
#NYSOH + #NYCHRA Medicaid wants up to 33% of Income
See http://x.co/NYSOH 
انت أكبر طرطور في العالم
so get a job and earn it!
I thank you President Obama for Obamacare!! my husband and I are currently participating in it, with a very low premium.

go back to Kenya
Healthcare emergency! Many states losing major ins providers, premiums completely outrageous. #hcnotaffordable
LIAR
please tell me WHY Mr. President Obama @BarackObama are the premiums SO high and millions are not insured
What facts are those?  That my healthcare costs continue to rise and my family and employees have to accept worse coverage?
Bulk majority of people keep telling me that ObamaCare is a disaster and that the insurance companies got Mr President to do!!
- and this idiot went to Harvard. Hahahahahahahaha!
Yep - I was laid off last year, but #Obamacare kept my family insured & for less than my employer's plan!  Thanks POTUSBO!
You lied to get it passed, you lied about keeping your doctor and you lied about lowering costs.  You sir are a LIAR.
THE WORLD LAUGHS AT U OBAMA !!
YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING FOR BLACKS EXCEPT BEG FOR THEIR VOTES.!!
you are only president because the wall street elite wanted u !! THEY NEEDED A RELIABLE PUPPET !!
obama should be impeached for stealing the bonuses back from war heroes ! you & hillary should be locked up !!
Writing it in big red letters will not make it so!
except when the prices are jacked up! Some friends of mine are hurting severely because of this!!!
I have Anthem- it went up 29%! Wish Big Pharma would give me a break!! Obamacare only went up 22%
excuse me sir but nobody can aford this healthcare..
in true capitalism, both parties engaging in commerce benefit.
sorry you must be delusional . Obama care is not the answer  .
atleast the premium's aren't gonna skyrocket next year....
I had it ,thanks but now I can't afford it. Thanks
please review http://humanityparty.com  for the ultimate healthcare ideal
l  neet to plane paid #om eua#just did stay sick once in the lifetime

lower the rates and you will see a change. its so expensive for me
With premiums set to rise 22% to 25% in the coming year and coverage will drop. Your Legacy PBO: Your #ObamaCare is Bad News!!!
85% of Obamacare enrollees receive federal subsidies. Basically, all Americans will be paying more. Hill wants to keep OCare.
