@OFA More voter manipulation by Dems. Call,him our typical names racist, bigot, sexist. That didn't work, lets call him unfit.
Trump demagogic rhetoric leadership-  his opponents' widely believed assessments of his unfitness - manipulation
Because BO or you say it doesn't make it so. These names are called every 4 years to shut down opposing opinion.
check out the polls he's getting trounced and he hasn't been humiliated in debate with her yet!
You support a corrupt liar, congrats!
We all lie and anyone who says they don't is proving that fact.    I support competency.
Not lie 2people you're supposed to represent.I surely wouldn't come to work & lie therefore discrediting myself.
Who does Trump represent?  Do you think his new golf course at Whitestone is making money?  He represents himself
He doesn't give two shits about you. He cares about his own power and money only.
DJT? Yup all about him Just n it for the $ & fame Honestly how could anyone support him? Horrible person thru & thru
How could you support a woman that looked straight at the American people & lied over and over again. Disgraceful
How many Republican run investigations were done and found she did not lie or hide anything? Answer is...8. Give it up
Filegate, emailgate, travelgate, chinagate, whitewater, missing law firm billing records, pardongate, Hillary cash cow scandal.
#bullshitmountain
Ahahaha, had to add reinforcements. Sad for you. . Bring on the spin.
@OFA Everyone MUST vote Trump to fight back against the political manipulation of the American people.
Delusional Trump supporters logic
The POTUS should not call half the people he is supposed to represent these names.Along with making fun of them.
That's just it you think he's from Kenya and therefore doesn't represent you.
He doesn't represent me because he chooses not to. I don't get the Kenya statement.
You are not a birther like your illustrious candidate?
Screw you Obama. Our country is in shambles because of you! The WORST President EVER!!!!!!!
late  happy B-day POTUS
Happy Birthday President Obama - the best president in the post cold-war world.
You aren't what makes America Great. You're what makes America HATE!
Trump spews hate & you're a lamb to a slaughter. His ego will lead us to more wars. No diplomacy in him.
Trump was for the war until it benefited him to be against it. Check past video. Flip flop flip flop. No 1 will work for DT
why don't you read the fact checkers & what he said on Stern or do you only get your facts from #KimJongTrump?
I can't sign the card without a US zip code. Happy birthday President  Obama  hope you live to see many more. Love from Canada
All the way from Canada, a big happy b-day to you. Thank you for setting the bar for future presidents! We love you! God bless.
are you bored? Hater!
you're*
Just my guess on your top 8 emojis: 
go and love your D. Hitler Trump
@OFA happy birthday mr. President you've done a wonderful job for our country and we thank you for your service
@OFA Happy Birthday
best president ever! Happy Birthday, President Obama!
Most manipulative President ever.
except he's not nor was our President implicated in any corruption. Can't just make up things.
Yeah but he covered for that dirtbag Hillary!
I didn't say he was most corrupt, I said most manipulative. Very different.
Hey dude my tweet was directed at Gerren Peterson and on a side note I agree with you.
great man great job for the pass 8 years
@OFA Happy Birthday Mr. PRESIDENT. God bless you
....happy birthday Mr President of USA.....u r a awesome leader.......
@OFA shanna you say you run a business, then go do it. Because you don't matter. Lol ( who madd!!)
@OFA Everything a man should be in always king Indeed you are on earth very special man as you are
king Barack Obama love love
@OFA happy birthday sandra davis
@OFA Have lot
Two terms niot enough for you ! You will always be our favorite pesident
Happy Birthday from Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada - the heart of the North American continent - the card is only from Americans.
@OFA HAPPY Birthday Mr. PRESIDENT HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU.
Happy B-Day!!!
@OFA Happy BD. Sorry, i didnt vote for you.
If just once I could do something without being asked for money I would be happy-ish.
@OFA   Happy Birthday!! Have a Blessed Day!!!!  Luv u man!! There will never be another like u!! Ur the an!!
Love you bro.,You had a great run!
Many Happy Returns you have been a truly great President.
HAPPY B DAY KING SHEEP LEADER!!
Trump's Wall. Nursery Rhyme: Trumpty Dumpty sat on the WALL, Trumpty Dumpty had a great FALL, etc. etc. etc.
Happy Birthday from.  Québec City
I saw 54 stars in the heaven,
because the star 55 that dazzles me,already is glistening
in the earth,Happy Birthday President!
HBD. May God Bless you.
Happy Birthday Mr. President.
Happy Birthday dear president!! xoxo Love the Lewis family :)
Happy Birthday, President Obama! You made a difference!
Happy Birthday President Obama. God's continued blessings on your life.
@OFA happy birthday
,
Happy birthday Mr president,
May God bless you
Thank you for your leadership and service to our Nation! 

 Happy Birthday, Mr. President.
Happy B-day. Mr President. You're the best.
Happy Birthday to our Best President in the World
happy birthday!!!
Heureux Anniversaire Monsieur
Happy Birthday Mr. President.
"I'm lonely and unappreciated! Everyone sign a birthday card to me and tell me how perfect I am!" ~ @BarackObama
I agree, the BEST........Love from Western Massachusetts
Happy Birthday. Thank you for your wonderful work and steady hand but most wonderful support of my heroine Hillary! Go BLUE!
It will be good to see you leave the nation you Bankrupted!
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday Mr. President
Happy Birthday
happy birthday. you are the best president ever.
joy
Happy Birthday to a great President and best wishes as you enjoy your family
Happy Birthday Dear Sweet Man!
@OFA kiss kiss love you I adore you Happy birthday with much respect best ever much peace
Happy birthday our good president, much love.
thanks for your service.  I think you are a great president.  Please keep telling America what you think about Trump.
Best president ever!!!  Our whole family will miss you so much come January. Hope you have another 55 great years!
@OFA Happy birthday Potus!!. You are a heaven of a phenomenal human being!!. So much love for you
“SPEAK-UP FOR” http://easycolorexpress.com 


Happy Birthday President Obama!
@OFA
@OFA  Happy Birthday Mr. PRESIDENT, MAY YOU HAVE MANY MORE BLESSED ONES.
all thé Best sir for your birthday! Big fan of your work! If you are in thé Montréal Québec Canada region 5146607091 
Happy Birthday sir, may you be blessed with many more years of joy happiness and prosperity
what you have achieved against total noncooperation from congress is nothing short of outstanding.
Happy birthday MR.PRESIDENT /the best
I will always remember your b'day bec my mother passed the same day HAPPY B'DAY TO YOU
@OFA Happy Birthday President Obama. Bless you!
this is your fan from India, Wishing you a wonderful Birthday and many returns of the day
Happy Birthday Mr. President!  Great Job as commander in chief.  Kathy
Happy Bday Mista President.
Happy Birthday President Obama. Have a great family day.
turning..55
Best wishes Mr. President
@congratulations chobama for keep killing Muslims all over the world history will repeat itself inshaallaha tala hulazizvrysoon
@OFA 
Can't wait till we can get rid of your sorry ass. Jan 2017 can' co me soon enough..
u are number 1
My school blocked the website.
U are a Grate Leader.... #Superman
Hbd Mr. President. You made us proud it time to proudly hand over to HRC.
@OFA Happy Birthday Mr. President and thank you for the best years of I've ever seen in the Whitehouse! You're amazing! Rock on
My mom wishes you were one of her kids.  She talks about you like you are a part of the family.  So Happy Birthday Big Brother!
@OFA  Happy Birthday to our Organizer In Chief? I'd rather say Happy Birthday to our Lame Duck President. #HappyBirthdayObama
@OFA u had set a a record n done well. Wish all the best from Singapore. Cheers
@OFA even much I do not like to have a lady president, it's much better than the insane n stupid trump
@OFA I hope you have the best Birthday ever. I will miss you Michelle & the girl's. God Bless your family Mr. President
Happy Birthday Mr President

Thank You Sir for your service.
@OFA Happy birthday Mr. President!  The Nation has greatly benefited under your care & guidance.  Thank you is our gift to you.
@OFA Happy Birthday,  POTUS!!! Love you, sincerely!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR PRESIDENT, YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ARE IN MY PRAYERS, ENJOY MANY MANY MORE BIRTHDAYS. @BarackObama
@OFA Happy Birthday Mr.President, Semper Fi
Happy Birthday - we're gonna miss you when you're gone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
happy birthday Mr. president
This is embarrassing that a Canadian cannot use this site to wish the President a happy birthday. Pres Obama is respected byall
@OFA ありがとー
@OFA happy birthday hope u have many more
@OFA I truly hope you enjoy your Birthday with your loved ones. You deserve to have the best day ever!
@OFA Happiest bday, Mr. President!
@OFA :Hey kids. I actually signed the President's birthday card. I couldn't afford money for OFA(Organized For Action).
@OFA Thank you for reminding me so often why I'm proud to be an American.
Happy 55th, Barack! Enjoy your special day with family and friends. And come again to Palm Springs. People love your here.
Happy Birthday to the best Man, Father and President...so proud to have have you as our Leader now and forever.
@OFA Thank you for being a shining example! Enjoy your day you, deserve it.
We have the same birthday but separated by 2 years :) To the best president ever. History will bear this out. Happy Birthday
would love to sign but apparently cannot be included because I'm Canadian Haopy Birthday anyway
@OFA
Happy Birthday Mr. President.  Best of everything to you and your delightful family.  Thanks for the last 8 years.
@OFA Happy birthday, Mr. President.
A proud Canadian, I am sincerely sad to see you go in November ... wishing you a very happy birthday  ((((HUGS))))
“@BarackObama: 44 is turning 55. Celebrate—sign the card. http://ofa.bo/2arQcOz ”happy birthday #nomoneyhoney
... There will never be ANOTHER, they will only EMULATE.... NEVER DUPLICATE. HAPPY, BIRTHDAY President Obama.
yo...happy birthday
@OFA Happy Birthday Mr. President
@OFA -Happy B-DAY!!!!&Many, MorE.....From:Bianca Jade Elliott&Cameron Jr.
Happy Birthday President Obama!!!
Happy Birthday! And thank you for your service.
Happy  birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you. Michelle is a lucky girl.
Happy Birthday Mr President!
Happy Birthday Mr.President! Many more Happy ones too come!
@OFA Great job Mr. president! We appreciate all you've done for our country! Gratitude! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Happy healthy birthday Mr President!! Have a blessed one!!! Wishing you many more happy ones!!
Can't wait for you to be gone!  You make Jimmy Carter look like a Great President, and he was not!  You just don't get it!
Happy Birthday, Dear President Obama! #thanks #enjoy
An amazing man, thwarted by ignorant white American racists for 8 years. Happy Birthday, sir.
@OFA Happy Birthday to the best President we will ever be blessed to serve as our President.
Many, many thanks, Happy Birthday and many, many more!
@OFA happy birth Mr. President I am gonna miss you and first lady michelle
Happy Birthday President Obama! You will be so missed!
@OFA .,PLEASE, FOR PLEASED, HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND MANY MORE YEARS.
@OFA Happy Birthday Mr. President.  Hope you have many more years to come.
@OFA happy birthday, good job on your Presidency. Hope you have many more years
@OFA happy birthday Mr. President love u much. @donnalaney344
@OFA Happy Birthday President Obama,  thank you for all of your hard work for USA. Wishing you many more. God bless#LafayetteLA
@OFA SATAN BE GONE!!.. IN JESUS NAME AMEN!!
@OFA happy birthday Mr. President
Thank you for all you've done. You are awesome! Happy Birthday, Mr. President!
Happy Birthday to a great senior citizen!
Sorry .....  I don't give a SH*T about you B-day anymore then you care about my 64th. B-day that just past !!  Uggg :(
Belated Happy 64th Bday!!!  I mean that. For what it's worth, if he knew I honestly think Barack would care.
Well, for what it's worth - I thank you for the Birthday wishes; Yet, I'm having a HARD time believing BHO cares about  ...
Happy Happy Joy Joy!  BLESSED  be to You.
Many blessings for a day of laughter and love and a year of everything you're wishing for.
@OFA  happy birthday potus
Happy Birthday Mr. President!!! Thanks for all you do!
@realDonaldTrump  Happy Belated Birthday, President Donald J. Trump. I can't wait for you to take over the White House.
happy 55th birthday !
Happy BD
