Good morning
windmills don't pay for themselves
http://apple.co/2nHgbDO   #SignOfTheTimes  #Scandal  #AmorESexo  #Vertigo2017 #Riverdale
#SomethingDifferentOutNow
we all need to take quick act on the scenario. we shouldn't have to waste time in planning and analysing the problems.
Thank you Sir for leading in this direction

I just want say to Mr Obama that we will miss you terribly and I hope your always healthy and happy in your life.
Again, this comes from a man who in his 8 year rein has never considered the impact of war under his appointed foreign advisors
should we be cynical about your Monsanto Taylor appt regarding GMO food?
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …
As you cont even Don ur job problemly and what you say for the whole world teaching
Thank you Mr. Obama for all your hard work and dedication to us while in office and for the environmental issues. Will miss you
Try living next to one of these windmills you will find out how much noise they really make it is like a hurricaine @BarackObama
Thank You for helping Fund our clean up to improve our environment
build a strong America by eliminating child predators
AS A KID, IT WAS DRILLED IN MY HEAD BY THE GOVT.THAT ½ OF / COUNTRY WOULD FREEZ OVER BY 2025. NOW GORE, SOROS, ARE GETTING RICH
Actually, because of your weak leadership, we've lost all our manufacturing, so that carbon output has just moved to China.
you just wasted our money! Let's find a research college to come up with something better than solar/wind.
go preach to china
tell that to china>
the s.
yea. We all swallowed your lies.
why don't you talk about Syria ????
I speak up as a galactic citizen for the planet I love and humanity who I love regarding simmering nuclear tension between
Russia the actions of earth including nuclear testing and nuclear war effect all life in the solar system and we are part of a
complex system in the multi universe there is an estimated 100-200 billion galaxies in the universe and they matter and their
homes matter as well-so I speak up for them as well and encourage the USA and Russia to engage in diplomacy and peace
Truthers take note.If u read #wikileaks U will see that @Citibank have #BHO a list of ADMIN to appointment in10/08.All were!
You done nothing regarding the #NODAPL. I wrote you a letter. You write back saying you're going to help. You are a liar!

Mitchell  Not carbon.  Carbon dioxide.  Can't even get that right.


Donald Trump wants to take a DRUG TEST
HOW ABOUT A POLYGRAPH INSTEAD !!!
The newly signed environmental pact in Rwanda will reduce chlorofluoro carbon emissions from industrial economies. Thanks
lovely 
windmills will save millions from Isis
why all the sufferings. Perhaps you need a new and different measuring stick. :-)
@peterdaou @igorvolsky 
Much of the media prefers bad news. Like Trump, somehow, they r rewarded by appealing to our fears.
@peterdaou @igorvolsky 
How come you're almost the only one saying this? FACT: The national media prefers BAD news. Not GOOD!
baddd
#ActOnClimate
Great work sir ji, u r great
More #pollution comes from #GasBags like #Obama & #Hillary than anything else. Well, and college professors. #Trump #Debate
America always great and strong. Sir
you know what you can do with your climate change scam.
@HillaryClinton @MichelleObama Indeed we do! We build stronger, better health for the world & children of tomorrow. Importantly
enemy you are the head of ISIS.
we are Americans not world citizens. We as country  have a constitution an we don't to any other  country  you remember  that
Even if our actions don't change it we benefit from clean air. How is that a bad thing?
Continually stating the wrong view does not make it any more correct.  It is only about control.
If you believe this SHIT you will believe there is NO poverty in the USA!
"Cynicism is obedience. " - Alex Steffen
- and our entire industrial base is in communist china.  we have cleaner air because we have no factories.
that's why I volunteered to help in your election!! Ty for ALL you're going for our country!
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU WITH NO END!!!!!!!!!!!
PLEASE TAKE US FURTHER THAN CONSENSUS & TELL WHATS MEXT
CBO: Bush responsible for Economic Collapse; & Obama saved it and brought it back.  Give credit where credit is due.
Talk Radio's, raving Savage; just plain full of shit; today.  Off his rocker for much of the afternoon; and no Meds hand
आपले म्हणणे खरच ,खरे आहे का ?
When we care for environment-climate, nature- is be grateful to God.
Whose Geneivier Cook Did she give Michelle her Sloppy Seconds .Bac Rum Shaker
Banana & Coconut flavored Rum Yum .
GOP the pro-life party who would repeal regulations that provide for the future of all living things for the sake of profits
Then act on #Aleppo as well, you talkative man.
why are you not doing your job instead of trying to elect a criminal, you will go ever be in history a low life
जब नरेंद्र मोदी अमेरिका में रोने लगे 
आप देखिए आप को भी रोना आएगा

https://youtu.be/JxM-Q0B3XP8 
sir all the power sector show solar system in pics only while they really want to thermal power by coal.
right because some things r limited till speech. nobody want to do on real ground. rules voilation is major issue. thanku
Oh, that's right, you have a plan to stop hurricanes from occurring
yea? I have a $300 million dollar solar land lease deal in writing w $100 million build out 4 MY brother from man claim he w/GE
but thisPEACE OFFICIAL was thrown in jail w/out bond & MOCKED about it from some1 in jail who should know nothing bout my deals
I've already paid $250,000 bond on money I paid income taxes on
not only DEFORMATION, PERJURY OR LIBEL, but WORLDWIDE DEFORMATION & BREACH OF 33 INTL AGREEMENTS I SIGNED @Harvard @YaleGlobal
purely instrumental. Not based on science. #ActOnClimate
I hope you and family come to Gulfport MS one day for a cook out with my family and friends. Y'all an inspirational family!
oxygen for the masses

When Trump wins your agreement will go in the garbage along with all the other bullshit regs you signed #AMERICAFIRST #TRUMP
you're ruining what we stand for!!!
wow great job, you've laid off millions... Don't think that is very wise.. You're ruining our Country...
get out of the White House already!!!
when we are overtaken by China or Russia, it won't matter
And bring jobs!
climate continues to worsen #ActOnClimate
Yes but how do you change the mind set of persons that would follow Trump to the destruction of democracy.
You build on fantasy. The  climate has been changing for millennia. People didn't start it and they aren't going to stop it.
Volcanic activity plays a part in atmospheric CO2 as in prehistoric times 200 million ya.  Volcanism increasing now as well.
there IS no FUTURE IF U DONT PROTECT OUR BORDERS U IGNORANT FOOL!!

Can you imagine if all three branches of the government working at full capacity? #AnotherRecess #SCOTUS
Peace is at stake, what meaning the world has when millions die of war and hunger?
VOTE BLUE. MAKE YOUR VOICE HEARD BY VOTING . GET OUT AND VOTE IN YOUR AREAS. VOTE FOR HILLARY CLINTON FOR PRESIDENT. GO BLUE.
China is building a coal fired power plant every week.  Talk to them..
Right. What about methan ?
"World War 3? Barack Obama Could Take A Major Step Toward War With Russia On #Friday" http://www.infowars.com/world-war-3-barack-obama-could-take-a-major-step-toward-war-with-russia-on-friday/ … #WW3
And double the natioional debt that in money means a lot of carbon emissions... Pfff...
th
3/3 Perhaps you really should have thought it through before running for office. I'm afraid history will not be kind to you.
WHAT? No quarters of 3% growth? Is recession growth? Only if one is an anti-American, anglophobic, mohammedan. Right? @potus
2/3 we've lived through JFK RFK,Reagan attempt,perhaps you fear for your family over the nation's best interests, I get that.
raising animals for food causes more climate change than all cars buses planes trains on earth. Go vegan or go extinct.
1/3 You have been such a disappointment to us who voted for you. You won't reign in the dogs of war, like ass Carter.
I am sure of your effort right here in Uganda, if they doubt your intelligence, sent one U.S citizens to come and pick me up!
repulsive propaganda

carbon minus. life plus! ...indeed.
are you being serious right now? You're pushing tpp and not doing anything about dapl
thank you for what you did for climate. What have you done for black people?
thank you Srs Obama
Situacion de mucha incertidumbre con mi futuro
You need to do the job we gave you to do  Stop campaigning for "H" or else.
because people run out of unemployment benefits. Doesn't mean they aren't still looking for a job and thay unemployment is
sweet! Let the cooling begin!





And climate change is still with us, told you, your not going to change Mother Nature. Gore does not know that, still lying.

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account, remitted back to the United States,




like you, climate change is a FARCE!!
#ActOnClimate.
Sir @barackobama are U watching Indian hypocricy in Kashmir. #StandUpForJustice
Yalan söyleme.Dünyanın gerçeklerini gör artık.Milyarlarca insan çalışıyor sadece sizler yiyorsunuz.Burnunuzdan gelsin adiler
You have drawn attention to the biggest challenge facing humanity in the coming decades - we must persevere and always hope.
Build a stronger future for biodiversity;  not a new kind of business people
.@BarackObama Says the fracking king... Your queen awaits in the wings. #PodestaEmails7 #NoTPP #NoDAPL #NEVERHillaryOrTrump #JillNotHill
Oh, thats why my power bill tripled.
we lost Billions on Obummers solar panel f*$%up..
U say  hillary is the only person qualified to be president? She's a criminal,theif,liar,is it ur job 2campaign 4her using AF1
the only note we need to take is a list of idiots thinking mankind has any drastic effect on weather.
just watched your Ohio speech! Great job Mr. President!
Did he shed the blood of these children!!!  #ActOnClimate
And this doesn't bother u at all!! SICK and ignorant

safety from my strength heroine
me on the couch
capillaries bursting behind the pillow little fighter
CO2 lowest in two decades?  Wow! Does that mean that global climate change is reversing?
How many trees has Hillary chopped down to print out her phony ballots that will allow her to steal the election? #VoterFraud
Still more to do. Vote Hillary & Blue like your life depended on it.
ravioli dinner love raviolis
manual transmission
