what are smoking? I want  to get some of that shit.

#Choomer
@2lanterns @BarackObama
. 3 years more for you
@Lahoio

@Lahoio
@Arjunphilippe
nice
@Lahoio @Violathe3rd
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
you doing good Obama
Mr.President, I met you in Denver in 2007. We talked for about 3 to 4. I knew you were the man. Buchanan Caring Group.
that's a lie
Bernie Sanders will continue your work. Thank you Mr. President for your integrity, diplomacy & so much more during your terms.
shame on you for allowing election fraud to happen and ignoring it.
progress sick and constitution rules
don't try to snow us Barack 94 million Americans are without a job. Your regulations just kill us.
you are delusional... And racist!
ever wonder how far you might have taken US.U did ur honest best. If all your campaigners saw hope still they'd #FeelTheBern
Bullshit
What country are you talking about?  Loser.
#baracksucksanus
working? For whom? You and the @HillaryClinton Clinton crime syndicate ? We are TIRED of rich people.
dont flat out fucking lie to us. The country is in the god damned shitter and all you do is fudge the unemploymebt numbers
um!
Where in the service sector?  May be in China...
great job!!! I wish the media would get their facts straight before making negative statement about most things the potus does!
and the lowest GDP he is a true hater of America and failure to the people I am ashamed of #POTUS
@BarackObama
This is a lie among the many this Administration has told Obama should be arrested for treason
what progress? Economics came out today. Only 38k jobs. Heaven help us facing worse recession & job cuts.
yes but will they work for economic growth. We're the lazies country in the world. To many hand outs
gag a maggot
any one believes. Will buy. Golden gate. Bridge
and unemployment. Count. Those. Who. Cannot draw. Any more checks.
Right does this mean for the homeless? Or Illegal immigrants crossing into USA? Your insurance should not have been mandatory
The growth percentage is so low it's meaningless.
Jobs report out,  disastrous news as policies of Obama & Hillary destroying the country!
and 94 million people out of the workforce and 1 out  of 5 homes has NOONE working, great job Barry
you are awesome
@lizzzzz_c Obamacare failed. Immigration is global disaster.Iraq is building nukes. Race relations set back 40+yrs. Obama sux!
Please cite your assertions.
good job Mr President
offset by a record number of people who stopped looking for jobs because you have ruined the economy. #Obamaisinept
No one cars about adding minimum wage jobs like Obama did as he got rid of good paying jobs creating a,U.S. of peasants & lords
you took over after a recession. Of course you've had job growth, the problem is that there isn't enough.
thank you
Thank you!!
sure gonna miss you
Mr President good job .
President u did a good job.
THAT IS A BIG WHOPPER!
If @POTUS saw ma, pa, work until worn out, gov gets half, "You didn't build that" known errant pose. RS
all created by the free markets!
Ithink the people in the United States should take a look at what Barack Obama has done for their country and thank him.
@BarackObama
Thank you my mane man
@BarackObama
everybody except the middle class hard-working American right Barry?
@WhiteHouse @OFA_Marin @ABCPolitics @AP
we are waiting you in Italy...Please come and become our new president !!
Economic growth was .5% last quarter. Stop with the gimmicks already. We don't believe you anymore.
democrats should plaster that graphic on billboards, TV ads, and the Internet all across America!
Props. I voted for you 2x & don't for a second regret it. Not given the credit you deserve for some big things you accomplished
This is why we need another Democrat in office to continue your work. Go home boy, I mean Mr. President!!!
J-J-J-J-J-J-Jobs?
Make real easy #money online:

Good Job!
It seems to work for he CLINTONS!!!!
Do you take credit for the sun rise and sun set each day?
nubers don't lie !
where r they? In government?
Your cultural demands are your pride and joy News for U  potus  millions of blacks aren't happy with your changes !!
If given a conducive business environment...job creation will thrive.Thank you to the Obama Administration.Nigeria,learn!
at McDonalds were your Mcvoters are
little bit we have #little bit we need #let us try for best. .
;As long as it,s Progress Not; Regress ;Sometimes High Sometimes low .we go to keep moving.
we love you
that's just new jobs added. How many left and what is the change in median wages during the same time? It went down?? Hmmm...
... And GDP is point what percent? 

Progress is a relative concept 

As is hope and change.
Congratulations 
that's good focus
this for a guy who was apparently inexperienced to achieve such a thing. Competition's a dirty game. Excellent results!
private sector job growth?  because you have sold American lands to foreign investors . . how much did you get from them
@realDonaldTrump facts
Yes I like that. Just keep doing this soon Republican will see soon
you're welcome
@sixsixman Dare mention the Fed Policy you supported led to greater income inequality by design (the Wealth Effect).
@sixsixman He was lucky to come in at the bottom of the business cycle so everything went up. Next President not so lucky!
puriyaleye
I hate the media.  Notice I didn't say journalists. At one time journalists had integrity & just reported the facts! Great job!
vc é o melhor viu
Yeah right.....and flies don't land on his shit either!
Excellent speech Mr President! Can't wait for you to join the campaign. To borrow a historical phrase.."Give'em hell Barry!"
and what
thank @federalreserve pumped 8% to record inflation & below 2% growth ,Afterall its only printing cost,but 4 @RBI its inflation
you have done an outstanding job Mr. president!
kinda late
Great Job Mr. President #NeverTrump
Woooooooooooo!!!!
Congrats! I was wondering, do ANY of the GOP in Congress, like @SpeakerRyan, ever congratulate u? Instead, Ryan is suing you.
bullshit
#jobs ? Yep, making #guns, #bullets, and #drones You're the best thing to ever happen to criminals.
and what do you have to do with it?
Mr President, could you please call brazilian president and teach him (or her) how to do that. Sorry do bother you
Worst post recession recovery since WW II.  People are suffering.  Please stop with the phony stats!
Job well done Mr. President. God is pleased
good luck
great!
Ok...
maybe for your white folks Jewish Mulatto not the black community.
Every one knows your #'s are BS. Well, those folks with a 100 + IQ know you're a liar.
You are full of s_ _ t! Don't campaign for the B_ _ _ ch she is going down!
Tell the truth. You have divided us and destroyed the country. I hope you hurry and get out and they put hillary away for good!
why is this not publicized more
This is TOTAL Liberal HORSE 'SHIT'!
Yo home boy: how is the economy in Chicago!?
really?
这么叼，这么不去青青草原上抓羊
Do You Wanna Make The Economy Better? Shut Down The Federal Reserve!!! @POTUS
Hi President Obama , I think you are doing a wonderful job for our country. I would love to meet you and your family.
NOT!!!
can you explain. why so may still on food stamps? seems incompatable.
lets just re-elect you back in for another term. The ones running now couldn't find their way out of a wet paper bag. 
and an increase in the death rate http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/01/health/american-death-rate-rises-for-first-time-in-a-decade.html?_r=0 … #MilC2
...and $19 trillion in debt; exorbitantly expensive health insurance; and, if he has his way, power bills.
yes
ENSURE THAT 'WEALTH, WELFARE' TRAVELS IN SAME DIRECTION THROUGH 'FAIR DISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH' CONCEPT IN ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT.
