yes and we need fair hearings for those  accused that public defenders etc make ea deals &or deter trials innocent
til proven guilty our charity research has proven glad pres freed prisoners so can become self sufficient"
we have a case we reported to James Comey via SF a good young gent is being terrorized by a court dept 61 in
San Jose California 201 north first street Superior court a judge Manley that mandates drug treatments& prograns for the men
no computers no educating classesprograms that ate dysfunctional in this case no evidence against defendant
& has not represented defendant case # is: San Jose Superior Court ( million dollar plus court house across from 191 first st
case # is: 14-357-0413...& mental health employees are ridiculous arrogant and inhumane many interviews people notlike program$
I am Not standing Idly by...I am supporting the Senate Leaders as much as I can :-D

YOUR EXCELLENCY,  @BarackObama @OFA #SeeSomethingSaySomething SONG GOT A MESSAGE FOR #AMERICA  https://www.reverbnation.com/realkukuafricanstar/song/26233297-see-something-say-mp3-by-realkukuafricanstar …
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
your memory is not so good,  remember a senator from Illinois doing the same,  ass hat!
@DrKumarVishwas

OBAMA IS AN ENEMY! OBAMA IS UNDER ARREST! WE ARE PROTECTING THE SEVEN MILLION US MICROWAVE VICTIMS! WE ARE STRONG!

帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
President, the Lord, the Lord, the Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health, happiness, goodbye, goodbye, good morning, good night
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас , мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
"Indeed, Allah loves those who act justly." (Quran 49:9)
Ever think that maybe he's being blocked because he's not fit for the job? If only we had people to block you in 2008...
None of you Supreme Court nominees will ever be considered. Trump will do that.
#Obamaerection Nice way to treat  women?
#askJoe
Leaders lead, crooks mislead. GOP and @SenMcConnell are misleading by withholding @SCOTUSnom hearing.
Test fly our F35's in Syria n shoot down all the Mig's & Su's. Mr.Pres.! Scare them to death before they kill more people.

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do.  freezing the account, remitted back to the United States,
Mr. President. For your next job, would you consider: Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.
I'm encouraging them not to vote every chance I get.
Garland is BAD news!  An ANTI 2nd Amendment LIBERAL out to take away more than your GUNS!
you know they'll never give you anything without a fight.   Kudos to you 4 never giving up
http://youtu.be/a-xjiXfJ58Q 
- We don't want open borders or NAFTA, people you bring in to US should be someone you would trust with your kid or live by you
Kinda like how you're standing by as native Americans' rights are stomped upon. Very weak final year, Mr. President.
Republicans are worthless, especially, Mitch McConnel, get rid of him..  Thank god, he will die soon.
hell is fooling me faster than any of belongs devices of hell selling hell fcc  faa whose sold lic plates hell spies mafia
marched is the future hell of fbi all governments fcc hell doctors big mouth studies of hell are going on of demons govern
future are hell of demons of USA in Puerto Rico of Puerto Rico sickest people's spy
everywhere I am is an many evils
reasons rights lies producers of hell company all hospitals staff too movements are evils squelch they wants. 
Every where
wishing they wants me dead staff business all employees are criminals neighbors fam too of hell futures u neglected right
the fcc includes everyone's to poisoning me anyone's whose being brain wash has being bough of theirs lies corruptions to
no more liberal judges,  we need judges that respect the Constitution.
a chronic governments spies people's out of theirs mind spies me more than 20 yrs
criminals willing governments using me to of chronic devices songs demons company rejecting me hells big time bothering me
a many killers are here disturbing me of USA Puerto Rico too
devices is a criminals actions mafia of all fcc shelters socials workers upr inmates corruptions of demons they brainwash
for yes they are here trying to kill me shelter people's too armed forces spies governments allied whither a lot ofdevices
staff doctors t oops hell of many staff spies here near
you knew and Puerto Rico is trying to kill me your staff knew neighbors hell police fbi is trying
won't remember flight
in 2030 yr people's try flight to Mars and come back in the travel after fcc 105.7 saved suffering decency of flight
a lot of spies had fooled me to get crazy is DC people's chronically try to drive insane fcc lic plates cars PR crasietsPR
theirs Is camera private hidden for WiFi what it does is a lot of spillage me attacked by insults of people's devices spy
Here's Senator Mitch McConnell showing us why our form of government isn't working, he's decided citizens don't have a say
@SpeakerRyan #DoYourJob
WE DONT NEED YOUR HELP ANYMORE!!! You have done enough damage to our country...Hopefully Trump can undo your bull shit...
dignity of the person, a policy that respect the civil and morality integrity,justice and fairness,the workand the constitution
i think that a correct politics is give a good government to the state,that give just right,good laws,ensuring the respect and

Just a matter of time before @realDonaldTrump blocks you and every atrocity you've committed as president.
let them block, then you could get that SCOTUS seat!!
Hildaoldham
innocent ejigue
There is no constitutional requirement for a hearing or vote.   #DoYourJob and nominate someone they can't resist.
this is why nothing gets done in this country, how about not paying their salaries.
what would stop migration if biology steadeamed a planny reach of dole
republicans will pay for this. They. Haven't done any business in last 8 years. Hillary win will clear all the paths.
nice
Not that libral,we need someone that believe the constitution not someone making laws, thats why we have
Congrees
don't stand idly by while malia follows you thru cannabis gateway to heroin abuse #ArrestMalia force treatment #EndTheDrugWar
"Do as I say, not as I did"
- HYPOCRITE @BarackObama,
who voted to FILIBUSTER justice Alito!
http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=109&session=2&vote=00001 …
you are mmc and dcm  you 999
they might allow it now since they dont want what HC will nominate.
obama you kill this man
to the Republican senators, STOP OBFUSCATING and DO YOUR JOBS!!!!!!!
I'm yellow,colored,too！you know 7 11 you can use always i regret i have more 1000$ i take a partin volunteer.
Your days are numbered.
what are you going to do when Russia hacks the election?  Trump thinks he's winning. What does he know that We don't?
sir idly cant stand it has to be soaked in sambar nd then lapak japak in stomach
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @FrankLuntz 
Senate - Hold firm, no vote!
@McConnellPress  Time is slipping away, Mitch - confirm Judge Garland before Hillary wins &  nominates @BarackObama
He's a liberal so the Court will be off balance, you know that fool
you don't know the meaning of "fair".
GOLF BUDDY Vernon Jordan Bragged About Bill Clinton’s ‘P***y’ Talk.Ms Lewinski was Bill Clintons personal HUMIDOR. U OK W THAT?
No thank you. I like the Constitution in its intended form.
Thank you for putting Judge Garland Fwd but I now want to see this election out and see who HRC submits to a better Senate.
No one is idly standing by. We are counting the days to your departure and calling our reps daily to block the nom.
No time for voting. To many emails to read.
The longer they obstruct? Hopefully the worse they look. Vote Hillary and vote Dem down ballot.
Gene Burnett - Jump You F*#kers (A Song For Wall Street)
Appoint him during a Senate recess. They are despicable, stop letting them get away with terrible behavior.
@fancy4music @OFA you stood by and let Hillary get by with crimes against the citizens of the United States
Dave, Dave, Dave...
where did I go wrong


plz support India to isolate Pakistan from the world ..
Good day sir.......
stop bullshitting, Hussain. We know you don't mean it.
I liike it
Your Life Will Begin Once You Have Left The White House! Keep Going Books Lectures Etc Tour and Relax! Golf Children Wife! Jr
سيدي الرئيس مجلس الشيوخ أسمه يعني العدل وهم كرامآ وأعتقد أن لكل شخص من أسمه نصيب وهم شيوخ المجلس
Socialism has Venezuelans eating garbage to survive
You Are A Man Before Your Time In a Nuclear Age! I Am Sorry You Do Not Have The Largest Surplus Instead Of Deficit! Love Jr One
#سلام
Obama is a loser of a man nobody respects him his opinion don't mean nothing and you go down in history as a failure
let it go, man. @HillaryClinton wins, and *poof* Justice Obama!
help please Sr president.
Santan Dharma,Language beyond Barriers?Barrack, Bring a Legislation, Save Univrerse for A Cause, a determined Cause Necessary!
God Bless you and your family sir. Love from Canada
Paul shld go and face trump problem
Your Judge Garland will never make it to #SupremeCourt
yesss...*sir
@MSNBC I attempted to support but it requires a donation. Someone please explain the priority? The donation or support?
the Senate leaders need to do their job, they should now under Trump will be the end of this great country everything ends
Please keep your corporate centrist sacrificial pawn. We don't need more corporate money tools on the bench.
They are doing the right thing, and to think is the same you did awhile back
Good night sir India
couple of months left until the worst President in history is gone, free to smoke some weed again and go back to wright's
church
Your presidency is over. And really over for supporting Hillary trying to fool us. We know Hillary will sign off on TPP.
senate of deplorables.

This is a act of abuse  to all Americans  and criminal .
forget it anti american, The judge is not getting a hearing.. too bad. Now get your ball and go home
I've given up on this at this point. The Conservatives don't care if what you do is in America's best interest.
Garland will not be a Supreme Court judge b/c u say so
why not a Nov 6 deadline to affirm or you pull the appt. Force them to accept Garland or Hilary appoints more liberal judge/
play cricket
hmm
Fuck me BaraDaddy
,Do your job to.
hmm.
When someone converts to Islam, God forgives all of his previous sins and evil deeds.
 
https://nogodbutgod1.blogspot.kr 

@BarackObama @OFA n
what God????
Allah = God

Allah for Jews, Christians and Muslims! 

http://www.godallah.com 

#God 

@Bukslay912Gmen @BarackObama @OFA
Go play golf and shut up.
THE MEANING OF LIFE "SPOKEN WORD"
@Meghan_Trainor muito importante para os Estados Unidos
