#ImWithHer: An Open Letter To #Hillary Clinton, From A Dad With a Daughter: Thank You | People's
you must be a bot lmao same reply to every tweet yeah that's not working.
Nope, not a bot, and 25,000+ views along with thousands of positive replies says it IS working. Thanks.
I'm re first reply I have seen today lmao
More people than you in the world, son.
so you just keep posting the same story on multiple threads over and over again for clicks and views? Lol ok. Hope it pays
Repeal and replace!
Bn
Hiii
Scrutety and Scrutety to the content to the nation that issue a self working investment uman rights
R u kidding. This insurance OBAMA CARE. WAS SO BAD. My baby sister, is dead. The care she 
Could not get because the plan (BAD) .
Obama she was a new grandmother. She died of CA . Your plan is terrible for people. Why don't u get for your family. I don't want it .
how much doea this cost Sir? Is it available to the common man?
Ur the one of great president ever..
Go for it!!!!
Keep your healthcare,don't let Lindsey Graham steal our Medicaid or ACA.
you was stabbed from behind to Iran
 we owe you one

hi
oops
3k likes you know you failed obamacare people not stupid... deductable up the roof is useless...10.000
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982904600339546113 … 9672
Did you like it ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L  
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time 
…
Think it got hold you
rotten individual
Admit that it does not work!!!
hii
you was stabbed from behind to Iran
we owe you one
people on the street calling b******* care
it's going to take millions of Fake Names to get support for the worst healthcare system that hurts more than it helps
Obama care sucks. My premiums went from $225 a month in 2014 to $550 a month in 2015. You call that affordable, it's  robbery.
lol is this a joke
Obamacare is gone.
If you are unemployed Obamacare is GREAT!  For anyone who has a job Obamacare spells financial ruin...
Run people! If you are not trapped already get away from Obamacare!!!!
reynag99@aol.com

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. freezing the account, remitted back to the United States,
We cannot afford this crap!! Obamacare is a total failure!
#StandingRock
It is time for Obama to do at least ONE decent action and tell the truth about OBAMACARE!
Help protect the progress in bankrupting America
Muhammad Ali Khan. ...
Mr Obama how can you sleep?
Your ship of lies sailed with too many holes to stay afloat. Thankfully for the USA it's sinking fast unable to be saved
give it up Satan
Obamacare MUST be repealed and replaced by the next President, Donald J. Trump!
You should be saying millions are getting smothered.
Prince Abrefa.  I am in full support
the word is a 22% increase in rates. Not an issue if you are rich but kills you if you're not. Needs rate caps. #congress
you lied on public tv and said you did not know @HillaryClinton e mail sever . You did know..busted
we need to make a petition for you and @HillaryClinton to be in prison! 300 visits to the Whitehouse  fbi agent! You lied
You're healthcare suks for all Americans having to foot the bill. Don't pat yourself on the back for the your lies.
you are a crook Obama care is killing the middle class they cannot afford your bullshit
nobody can afford your affordable healthcare or the fine we have to pay for not having it
WE NEED TO GET RID OF OBAMA CARE PERIOD BEFORE IT BREAKS OUR NATION.
are you crazy trump the man for job
Yes we can
add your name so your premiums can atleast double as soon as this clowns outta office.  Help #rapethecuntry via obamacare
Why do you lie so often to the American people????
My premiums are so blasted high and there seems to be no end. Thanks Obummed care.
@CNN @MSNBC

We love the POTUS. Great article about his tour.
No thanks
U = you  C = See..
i want come to America.. Plz help me
Thanks Mr Obama
private companies shouldn't be profiting off healthcare. Public option. Govt should regulate it like other 1st world ntns
go home ACA, you're drunk...and terrible.
mine was risen lost my dr really when did it work


I added my name! #ImWithHer
may I ask why you're with her?
why the hell would I want to add my name to something as stupid as Obamacare
no thanks
Great job!
how r u going to fix the high cost of insurance before your term is up?:(
I DONT WANT YOUR HEALTH PLAN..IT WAS BUILT ON LIES BY LIARS..WITH JUDICIAL EXTORTION TO BACK IT UP..ITS A TRAIN WRECK COMI
we need single payer, universal healthcare! Listen to Bernie Sanders!
Problem is that monthly premiums are way too high for normal working people. $700-$1000 per month is ridiculous! Help!
I am fron other country not USA so I maintain my distance. Not opinion.
Can't afford the deductible. No thanks. I have excellent primary care at my neighborhood emergency room.
NEVER NOT ONE MORE DIME FROM ME.  MAKE THE DEMOCRATS THAT WANTED IT PAY FOR IT.  YOU'VE RAISED MY COSTS 40% F-OFF
how about the millions that list coverage. But I guess your sheple are all you really care about
Calling Obamacare "progress" is like you playing golf while Christians are being beheaded by your Muslim terrorist buddies!
As a breast cancer survivor I'm a huge fan of the ACA
I'm in all in
Progress?? Haha maybe for people too lazy to pay their own bills. Our insurance just went up over $1,000. You make me sick.
ECONOMIC SABOTAGE is TREASON!  Arrest Fraud Obama/Clinton/Bush ruling Financial Terrorist gangs http://thejewishwars.blogspot.com/2016/05/burning-down-house-how-goddamn-sachs.html …
Ocare is going up by 116% in Arizona
It's hurting honest Americans; U took care of #Dem donors and corporations
#DrainTheSwamp
F Obamacare
The progress u made emptying the pockets of Americans higher taxes, energy costs, food costs & insurance costs #
family of 4- premium/year= $20,000. Benefit? $0 until $10,000 copay/deductible satisfied! Affordable? NOT!!!
خواطر السيدة ميل ها 17  .
خواطر السيدة ميل ها 17  .
#GOPLiars still us'n term; Democrat's consider an honorary #ACA nickname, #Obamacare!

To scam ignorant citizens votes!

@BarackObama @OFA
Your joking right? People at my job were talking about that whose gonna support that trash Am disappointed in you as it is
god bless u in the name of Allah Ameen
every week myself not her collecting my money I hope u can find it in her heart 2 help me my name is Gregory Wilson Sr ok
Team rip off
get my money from halle berry and remove her name off my papers so I can collect my own money which is twenty million
Mr and Mrs president I need 2 get my money from theses  law suit that I have and no one is responding and I need naacp 2
I agree we need  health care but I need a insulin pump not to cost $2000
Fuck you, Obama, you've ruined this country!
and impoverish those who have to pay for those millions. Thanks Obama
liar..you can keep your doctor he said..
This is the kind of policies that will make America great for all Americans.
So you knew eh? We all figured as much...
sure! My handicapped son is paying over 350. A month with a 6,500. Deductible! That's obama care!
FRAUD OBAMA RULING GANG BELONG IN JAIL ALONG WITH FRAUD WALL STREET BANKSTER TERRORISTS
is there a  way to keep premiums from sky rocketing? Or forgone conclusion
bullshit
COMUNIST
"You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan, your health care costs will go down $2500 per year." ALL POS OBAMA LIES!
Facts first.
progress for who? Illegal aliens?
Be on the winning team...! Team Trump- end Obama Care...!
Sure, as soon as you remove the individual mandate.
Nice
I'M BANKRUPT !!!  WILL YOU FILE IN MY BANKRUPTCY TO GET MONEY FROM MY TAX REFUND FOR NON-PAYMENT OF OBAMA CARE ??
#ImproveObamacare,LegalizeCannabisInAll50States,ProvideEqualOpportunityForAll
why protect something that is collapsing under its own weight
All it will cost is a deductible, co-pays,  & at lease $75 per month.

Enough of the GOP trying to dismantle everything you dis for 8 years
switch and bait it more like it. Get them in with low rates and then bend them over with big rate increases. Nice job
Are you kidding?
Really "It's Over".
covered but not paying
Your killing us Mr. President.  Health Insurance is going through the roof. Help your people please.
no it's terrible. Ready for you to get out of the White House!! #TrumpPence16
مساء الخير سيدي الرئيس .
أتعرض لكثير من الأخبار الكاذبة في الأونة الأخيرة الرجاء الحذر ورجاء محاولت تمرير هدنا في سورية
what progress HABLADORASO acábate de ir. No worries @HillaryClinton will continue your mess.@POTUS
.@BarackObama @OFA yeeeeeah no.
Must get premiums down while maintaining decent level of coverage. Shouldn't have to choose between health ins & food.
Typical ruling class rhetoric.
Americans deserve the same health coverage you and your cronies have.
Why r u not insisting on discipline over the Quid pro quo email? I went 2 law school just ... http://m.tmi.me/1fgcv7 
Obamacare has financially hurt more people than it has helped; and the quality of coverage is as disparate as ever.
YouTube                                                                
https://youtu.be/M5Muu3I3Cn0 
Is this a damn joke? 
OMG, that guy never gives up. Someone needs 2 tell him his mass hypnosis wore out when ppl saw the rates.


Michael Moore doesn't buy it Barack.
I don't want that to be taken away it works if the right people use it and know how to use it do your research
Short term was good, long term is horrible. This is not progress and major changes are needed.

the day he leaves office I'm panicking that Obama care will be gone,it's worked for me I can afford good insurance
BURNING DOWN the HOUSE: How the GODDAMN-SACHS VAMPIRE SQUIDS http://thejewishwars.blogspot.com/2016/05/burning-down-house-how-goddamn-sachs.html …
#TeamStopTakingMyMoney
You are a evil conniving liar period !!! Go back to Kenya, and don't ever set foot on this land again...
you have got to be kidding!
by penalizing and stealing even more money from American workers - that's helping us? Ppl r only covered to avoid fines from u
How dare u ignore all this corrupt & illegal proof of voter tampering Quid pro quo w/DOJ not 2 mention the Mcauliff donation
Rev Jeremiah Wright was right about you...."all he does is lie.."  #wikileaks
you have some nerve.
You gotta correct the problems with this though! People's rates keep climbing. I'm tired of trying to defend it
@BarackObama @OFA

