Violence is up due to the #FergusonEffect you, Sharpton, Holder created based on the hands-up-don't-shoot lie you perpetrated!
that's not true at all.
's the most divisive president in the history of the USA. He's lied about it all & you liberal lemmings don't care
NO. The GOP media lied about it and you don't care.
Read much? "Hands Up Don't Shoot" was another in a litany of liberal lies, the basis for yet another proud leftist hate group.
Except only 2 ppl say it was a lie: The cop that shot and a racist woman who wasn't close enough to see. Witnesses say it was true
Scariest re your tweet's there're still ppl like you who ignore fact; evidence in court acquitted that cop. #BlackLiesMatter
No, a Grand Jury ruled, not a court. And the DA admits he knew his main witness was lying.
Congress needs to impeach & indict you for oath violations that endanger all of US. #2A: a natural right you're sworn to uphold
...can sentence u for treason! military tribunal will then send you to firing squad
Huh? You're a fine example of a LWNJ.
#WearOrange - A great way to tell criminals you're unarmed. Have yet to see someone stupid enough to do this.
You support gun violence?
You have right to self-defense. Do you not own a gun? Or do you support cops? Or do you support black lives matter?
those two things are *not* mutually exclusive

But it doesn't matter because I'm right behind you to take your gun
Do you even own a gun, or at least been trained to safely operate one?
I don't need training. This is America. I just bought 300 guns this morning and am buying 400 more tonight
Essentially what you're saying is you know nothing. End of discussion.
since you hate 2nd amendment then We the People and in As Trump Supporter demand your Guards Unarmed
1.3 million die/yr in car crashes.Fix this problem before tramping on Constitutional rights.Stop disarming US!
that's it keep shooting each other. Grandpap Joe you are a backwards hick.
my info fact.Are you KGB who want US disarmed.In '63 part of 60 yr plan to disarm US.
I don't understand why you think you need guns??
Why do you need a seat belt? Why do you need a lock on your door?
your gun laws seem to be working really well. Must have been so hard for that nut case to find one.
your missing the point. It's illegal to murder someone. He didn't follow that law. More won't help.
I have made a list of Australian mass shootings since we changed our gun laws in 1996. Here it is.
Tell me, if population is unarmed who'd defend against invasion? No army has ever managed to listen to http://bit.ly/1sRtnan 
how many lives are cut short by abortion? Guns by themselves kill nobody.
Sure
Your courage and leadership are one of a kind
yes it is
Obama says terrorism won't happen if we outlaw guns. Their illegal in Paris. How'd that prevent Paris attacks?
@tamaraduker  Taking my guns wont stop a criminal from shooting me nor protect my home from invaders. #tryandtakemyguns
republicans are fighting against their own stupidity and ignoramus blindness no truth to their games they stop you fr doing
I look at this pic I see tears of over come strength...victory has one you grace that shine through you and your family ....
you did your part you are that important inspite of how they disrespected u hold your head high  those people that criticize u
@BarackObama
a job well done you did your part  and they try to stop you in everything you do ..republicans
your incompetence Mr Socialist Muslim President
then start locking up the violent criminals and stop giving them second chances.
@zachhultz 2/3 of 30k gun deaths are suicide.   Leaves 10k by 1 shooting another.  30k car deaths.   Need car control.......
Oh wait, cars aren't in Constitution AND we have car control already. ......hmmmmmm
by letting people who aren't criminals defend themselves?
#Retweet
we should outlaw boating too...more than 40000 died in 2014.
50 more at least added to that today. Thoughts with all those it will impact
...
no 30000 live are lost do to thug criminals. Guns can not think or do things by themselves
But does that include suicide?
when the DNC forgoes a fence around the convention and you give up armed guards! Live like you expect us to, you phony!
no sir people kill people not guns. What about all the black on black violence? Let's educate our youth real change not your bs
you need2 start addressing false accusations posted by CPS workers dividing families for no reason locking up in the fathers
--If someone gets killed or stabbed by a knife, they don't call it " KNIFE VIOLENCE" .    Get Real.  #TRUTH !!
Trump is right, liberals want to abolish the second amendment
they aren't cut short by guns. They're cut short by people.  I don't blame my spoon for making me fat
ur hometown of Chicago where guns banned has largest crime rate nation. Guess Disarming law-abiding citizens NOT GOOD
amo este presidente!!
How about drugs,alcohol,car wrecks,cancer and obesity? The list goes on. Guns cause only a tiny fraction of deaths in the US.
no congress needs to back the fuck up. If I feel safe with a gun then you don't have the right to take it away
Sanders should cooperate with Hillary Clinton, we do not want Trump as president!
  A disaster for the whole world!
Mr Barack Obama. The best things to do is to Review the national Rules and Regulations for thegun Ower makesome modification
@BarackObama
As a constitutional lawyer you should be aware of the 2nd Amendment.  Congress is doing the right thing by blocking you.
Education is the answer. Compared to other causes of death annually, those by guns are small & most of those r by "minorities."
issues should tighten further use guns to innocent people should not die unjustly.
@RealAlexJones Why's that, because an Armed Public is a safe one, from a Country that's been infiltrated? #uspoli #cdnpoli
post your answer to the man about gun violence on YOUTUBE!
جرائم القتل في امريكا .ظاهرة العنف لها منبع الا وهي امريكا .
@BarackObama
Chi  has strict gun laws & the highest crime!  Doesn't take a rocket scientist 2 figure it out! Bad guys don't care about laws!
@BarackObama
hw u 2day da great
how many lives are extended by guns is the question
stop.being so stupid obama
Obama you are a liar. You have guns to Mexican cartels and want to take ours away? GFY
every day 3,000 lives are lost to abortion. Time for you to act hypocrite
Obama is a liar
more guns sold during your presidency. More inner city crime. Raised payroll taxes on middle class Americans. You're the leader
YOU need to act Mr president. Stop guns. Exec orders. Save lives. @BERNIESANDERS will.
! hope to be success
Congress needs to act by allowing teachers to be armed in schools.
that lie has been soundly trounced
your card/catalog\!
Your violence is killing people, starving families out, and taking this country further into moral decay. Yes, you!
@BarackObama
#obamaforprison2017
yeah congress.  where is the armament training in compulsory education. #conspiracy.
you Need to leave the white house
when secret service & ur security give up their guns then u can preach. R ur girls protected by armed security? hypocrite @NRA
Thanks Mr. president!  Your the greatest boost to gun sales since the 2nd amendment
300,000 people a year in the USA die of Burgers and Coke - no problems right?
It Takes BALLS to do what we are doing. , https://igg.me/at/EasyColorExpress …, http://easycolorexpress.com 
I agree! Keep pressure on congress to maintain the 2nd amendment rights of law abiding citizens!
What about using executive power before your time is up? You can bypass both houses & the gun lobby if you should Mr President.

dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddđyu
I think Congress do not want to work. Why?. American People Tell me your Opinion.
If U want congress to act, make it stop economic policy, that'd increase wealth in country - fewer robberies etc.
you need to be in prison for treason
You are right sir. Congress does need to act. Try imposing tougher laws on gun crimes. Give cops a fighting chance!
am sorry to say that America it's the same country it us to be
and not like you care with your executive orders. DEMOCRACY IS DEMOCRACY FOR A REASON! (2/2)
arm the citizens. Grow a pair and back the police
Guns are not the problem, violence is. The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun. Common sense.
It's already illegal to commit gun crimes. What exactly do you want them to do? What new law will teach respect for human life?
fix people not gun!!!
Orange is for HUNTING so are you supporting owning and using firearms?! LOL
anything used as a weapon requires a person to operate, objects just don't commit violence!! Don't blame alcohol for DUI's tho?
bypass the racist right wing radical congress!  We've proven they're just a rubber stamp!  Now lets make em irrelevent!
75 people a day die of prescription drug overdose.28000 a year die from drunk drivers 60% of all gun deaths are alcohol related
maybe if we had jobs ppl wouldnt be killing each other.hmmm #TrumpTrain
Witnes sChicago and non gun protected facilities !!!!
@nd ammend protects your DAMN !st I'm afraid. so, go on with the mouth crap. It is your right.
that is caused by your open border policy, making heroes of lawless blacks, demonizing police force & support for lawlessness
most in chicago. Go figure
But how many lives were saved by them? Let's see.... What is our population? And don't your secret service carry guns?
Imagine if a sign like this had been posted outside of the UCLA campus this week!  #GunsSaveLives
@BarackObama
Let's celebrate National Gun Violence Awareness Day by eliminating illegal Hispanics in USA off the face of the earth!!!
you're probably one of the most un-American presidents this country has ever had
http://www.gunviolencearchive.org/past-tolls  Your numbers don't add up.  Less than 1% of total deaths and not even a top 10 cause by the CDC.
Not by the guns themselves, its by the idiots that use them. Tighter control at point of sale, long jail terms for illegal guns
askim obisim
#WearOrange let's do it!!
Wonder how many of those are criminals. Or, because you numbskulls refuse to give criminals the death penalty.
Thanks for all you do to end gun violence, Me. President. And, I wore orange!
@BarackObama
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @CNNPolitics 
You would have to bribe and threaten the Republicans in Congress more than the NRA.
you just have to admit you do not have everything it takes. Or you won't get down and dirty
yes cause criminals follow rules...#nosense
My brain being controlled by satellite
VOTE TRUMP 2016!!!!!!!
Live long the 2nd amendment
how many of those 30k are from police officers?
Get GOP leaders to understand the fact, esp. @realDonaldTrump. We, the common people, are well aware of and concerned about it.
HOW MANY ARE KILLED WITH KNIVES CLUBS STRANGULATION OR OTHER WEAPONS. CAR WRECKS. OBAMA IS AN IDIOT.
