right sir
The sons of these women need protection from your POLICE FORCE.
well said. Pls ask the other guys who's using the bankruptcy system,  why he's against women right to chose? Which also is.
awesome!!! 
This is so wrong. We kill our babies while ISIS breeds. These women made the choice to have sex. And u let them kill unborns
can't wait for #barackxit
@KogaLana We still won't vote for #Hillary!
then thats a vote for Trump - good luck getting progressive values championed by that turd.
Good luck with spraying perfume on a turd.
I'm not saying her shit dont stink I just know Id rather have her appointing SCOTUS justices #NeverTrump
We deserve better! I can't send kids to war. She's unacceptable. I will vote Trump and support the next progressive.
We deserve what we get vote for Trump & see us lose womens rights/LGBT rights/ more wars & tax cuts for 1% #Kthxbye
She is the worst piece of shit ever. @Brianefallon can't defend her. I read her emails out night.
Just not every unborn woman, right?
@fullofgalaxies when does the baby become a BABY in your opinion?
At the moment of conception!
that's morally and scientifically incorrect, dear
I mean isn't that logical?
when it comes to abortions a judge should be involved.
No it shouldn't.
There are over 100,000  abortions a day this matter needs to be taken more seriously
And the last thing that needs to be done is have a judge interfere with private decisions.
@BarackObama
felicitaciones por celebrar un año mas de la Independencia de su País.  Felicidades.
felicitaciones por cumplir su país un año mas  de la  independencia de EEUU.
no more Zionist Supreme Court judges dip shit
let her make her own decisions for her own body! Her baby, her choice!!
Abortion = murder
And she does this while lying in a fox hole dodging bullets. Make sense to me!!!!
a decision to kill your unborn child is not a reproductive choice. A reproductive choice would have prevented the pregnancy.
Abortion is not "health care".
you care for nothin sir... you say you care for women but yout actions disprove that. Actions speak louder than words.
This is why I stand with you and believe in you!
Heartfelt Canadian wishes to you, Barack, rhymes with 'rock' in November!  Thank you for the eloquent speech the other day
true health and well being for all, unfortunately mr prez we don't all agree on the baby murder part
اوباما البغدادى
We would better tO give back the pÔwer to woÔmen & main mother of all humanity in order to see and live the p@r@dise
Again SCOTUS exceeded their authority.
somewhere along the way I think men are involved in This I think that's what that story is Adam and Eve men have Adam's apples
Do women have rights in your Sharia Law
https://www.gofundme.com/2c6fnak 
Gray areas. Should women use abortion as a form of birth control?you probably agree with 2&3 trimester abortions Women's rights
right
Whatever baby killer.
Like getting an abortion with unsterilized instruments?????
Better to prevent than chop heads off
tenküverimaç  havaryu başkanım...yuvenın....love...
@BarackObama
There's a thing as accepting another's fair health. Those less careful- who are they to designate their poor care practices?
We still have a healthcare system that attempts to sicken/weaken people for its own validations. Plus, tackiness.
Then why are you celebrating a supreme court decision that allows any back alley butcher to set up an abortion clinic in Texas?
you say such sweet things.
yes it is, if by women's health you mean the freedom to be promiscuous and destroy the evidence.
hi iam faruk so good man and i laek u good day
@realDonaldTrump she has a right to prevent pregnancy once it is a fetus it is murder & not her body it is a soul
Safe is the key word. This was failed in this ruling.
Haha!Whata' Joke!AFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE?!Plse!My 40-yr job HlthCare WAS DOWNGRADED!Use 2 B Great.Now Sucks!Ty,Obama!U SUCK!
murder in other words is okay? The liberal way!
hillary & Obama murderer, corrupt & liars.
The right to determine her own future... unless she's the one in the womb. #SCOTUS
Yes!!
who's represents the baby's????
U are going to veto Zika funding bill because U care about killing babies not assuring healthy babies B born. Hitler is UR twin
And, importantly, set a precident for jurisdictions which may try to pass arbitrary legislation.
I couldn't be more proud of you, my favorite, inspirational President! You will be missed!
why the hell didn't you say those choice words when you were running for office.  I know why, cuz you talk out of your.,.
What if it's a 50 year old Catholic man who's forced to buy birth control as part of his Obamacare Insurance?
Abortion is Healthcare? #whatthefuck
because some court is playing God it's ok? Pea brain Asswipe
Yet, we support regimes that treat women poorly !
infanticide is murder
use birth control, stop the killing
Sure Barry celebrate it...more dead Americans without a single shot fired.
get off the damn Twitter and start being a leader, dick.
and her right to kill her unborn baby for any reason.
...for any reason.
killing babies is NOT health care!
Voting for Trump!! Too bad your Mom didn't abord YOU!
so not holding Abortion clinics to basic standards makes women more safe? Right, great logic.
Women receiving abortions in sub standard clinics by Drs who don't have hospital privileges is NOT protecting women. Dr Gosnell
Sure. She doesn't have the right to use public funds to kill her unborn child though.
China member of NSG is just like Bagdhadi member of HRC @XHNews #NSGMembership
You are not an American in my book.  You have been more destructive than your Muslim friends
.@BarackObama Shall we suffer a Pagan to deal with us and not suffer him to pray to his god? - Jefferson [Bill for Religious Freedom, 1779]
You are a murderer of American people.  Your inaction kills and you don't care about anything but your "legacy" which is shit

Engaging in sex is THE CHOICE that we all know can result in the consequence of conception of a life formed by God before birth
Congratulations! Keep it up! You'll be Canadians in no time!
its really very good I agreed
we all should have it though equality
@HillaryClinton & others believe pussies & stiff dicks have rights to murder children they don't want. http://www.ourperfectunion.net/talk-shows-nourish-filth.htm …
You're too far away to tell about "Great Britain" There are oceans between us !
woohoo killing babies ALRIGHT!
what is your problem?
@Ksenias7 Healthcare IS NOT A LUXURY, it's a must that the System suppose to provide to own People.
What about the health care of a new born baby and MEN. DON't THEY have any rights.
明日は僕の昼飯を作ってください！
@POTUS My illegal alien doctor said medical licenses are an undue burden so I'm good, right? @JamesRitch1 @JamesRosenFNC
in saying no one support sex at young ages but man kids somewhere in there stability
also to acknowledge the unsafe sexual and challenging task of disease control prevention must make aware to youth safety rules
according to the 16 th amendment yet abortion as said imperative for complications within pregnancy
@CourtenayHarry Yes you do have your rights but not as a baby hater.
You sorry ass HYPOCRITE! You want guns off the street while KILLING babies!
- wisdom thought ...exemplary leader .
that is cool!
women have all the rights on their own, sure, but the baby inside has rights too...
how about we neuter all Texans starting with the men! Should spare us all some future grief!
I highly appreciate.thxs
Awesome!
kill the baby's
and that every fetus shall be sacrificed on the altar of liberalism. We are a pathetic species and you're our leader!
The choice is to kill the foetus or not kill the foetus. You say the foetus is fair game.
her right to determine if her child lives or is killed!!!
Interesting.
Claiming moral highground as your media darlings tweet about rape with the intent to kill?

https://twitter.com/TheDailyShow/status/747509308812820480 …

@BarackObama #ToughSell
Celebrate the #SCOTUS ruling! Go knock someone up in Texas!
Let'sShare G/ Village:"Do Treat Your WOMAN WELL&B KIND 2 them,4 they R Your PARENTS & Committed HELPERS"Prophet Muhammad(PBUH)!
look at :D
http://bit.ly/295VXyA 
GODLY WORDS....Women should be ensured their basic right of productive choice for the sake of their life.
http://hiddenamericans.com/politics/un-official-found-dead-was-set-to-testify-against-hillary-clinton-same-day-barbell-fell-on-his-neck/ …
I agree!
The objection by Texas were the rats coming up through a hole in one abortion room.  Not too sanitary.
.yes,sir,Mr President. You remind Betty Friedan.great women in US history.
right
that is light
what about immigration...don't tear families apart
yea but the really screwed you last week eh Barry? Hahaha...still laughing
so you only follow the scouts decisions you like.
Big 180 there sir, before Democrat said, "Medical clinics need to be tightly regulated by the government"
So blocking patient safety regulations is "protecting women's health"?  Democrat morons.
and not take responsibility because the welfare state will be right behind her to clean up the mess.
http://hash.ly/Workthat 
A fetus is alive, but no life may attach to your body without your consent. You have the right to your body.
"safe"?? Then what exactly is "not safe" about having admitting privileges to a hospital in the case of a botched abortion?
baby killer democrat
#Ronaldgod
