absolutely right
Yes, wearing orange will do loads to stop gun violence. The administration of hashtags is really getting it done. #bringbackourgirls?
obviously it won't bring back the dead, nothing will. Their purpose is to spread the word to stop gun violence in order-
So, people aren't aware of gun violence? The dozens & dozens of young men killing each other in Chicago is a secret?
no I'm not talking about that of course people now about violence I'm talking about them trying to spread their solution
And I'm saying they offered no "solution" only a hashtag platitude.
how about terrorism?
Who is "we". You and the congress (that's bought and paid for by the NRA lobby)? Stop being a politician You'd make a great statesman
U been POTUS 7 yrs. I guess we'll mark gun violence prevention in ur "fail" category w/everything else @TheGameOfLife
#WearOrange
#2A
Stop releasing criminals!
yes absolutely mr president
Really ? the muslims are killing us and bombing us and you want our guns?
Bravely call out where 99% of the gun violence exists and go after it. Of-course that'd be Pol Incorrect
just stop, your almost done, and you #endorsed the #devil aka #killary
@POTUS
why do we call it gun violence? With amount of guns out there, if they were violent, there would be more.
you can take our guns when you use emergency powers to become a dictator like you will.
@TheDemocrats maybe start by taking ur own advice #StopSellingWeaponsOf MassDestruction #NoMoreWars #BernieOrBust #NeverHillary
@WhiteHouse well start the ball rolling Mr President and disarm your Secret Service agents
change the prison systems to hard labor and I bet crime goes down. Id think twice before I have to bust rocks again for 10 years.
I have working knowledge of sociopathic behaviors/individuals who ruin it for everyone. I'm telling you we need to reform our prisons
expand the ability for #LawAbidingCitizens to purchase & carry, effectively building #SelfPolicingCommunities I'm my #BrothersKeeper
don't take our d@mn guns! Idc bcuz I'm felon anyways but DON'T TAKE THE PPL's GUNS!
YOU MAKE ME SICK! #cantstandOBummer #GTFO
For so many young lives lost, and for victims of #domesticviolence, as well as innocents in the line of fire 
if you ban gun then criminals will have the advantage the don't print play by the rules.
huh. It happened in a gun free zone. Wonder how they got a gun in a gun free zone?
well seeing as it was a us citizen, he could have gotten a gun in nearby Arizona that has some of the most lax gun laws
in the nation.
Muy de acuerdo n nos lleva a nada bueno
we cannot deal with obamacare anymore another 100 bucks a month out of my paycheck cause of you for nothing! My kids eat less
@StikNtheMud @POTUS But your kids get that wonderful Michele school lunch of a carrot and piece of cheese. #Trump asap
Thank you, President Obama, for your work to end #gunviolence.  You and @VP have been heroes. #WearOrange #gunsense
but wasn't UCLA a gun free zone in the most regulated state in the union? I guess this maniac didn't read the sign
Shock alert: laws don't prevent crimes. They provide us with a method to prosecute criminals.
I think it is already illegal to shoot people.
only stupid people can comfortably believe that making weapons illegal will protect public, I mean it has worked so well on drugs
I'm assuming that action will be "let's just keep vaguely talking about taking action for another few decades."
and then I can get a nice directorship lots of cash and relax. Action would be nice.
Chicago is a prime example of your policies on gun control! Great Job #JihadiBarack you UnAmerican Traitor!
President Trump has a better ring to it to me that your title of KenyanKing
@POTUS
@POTUS
@POTUS
@POTUS

then stop complaining about the justice system genius.
well then keep the illegals out.   That is not helping for sure.   Quit taking are of them instead of the taxpayers!
If if if if if @realDonaldTrump wins, what what what what what happens next?
Wake the hell up! Thugs have illegal guns, NOT responsible gun owners. WHY DONT U tell your security leaves your guns at home? F.O. !
Trump only respects people who look like him. Of course, if you look and act like him, there is no problem.
If the Real Native Americans felt that way, you would not be here. Illegal Americans have been putting food on your table.
what color do we wear to raise awareness for all the victims of shooting suicides? Guns make it easier to kill people
can't argue with that you troll
but this weekend in chicago was just the old normal, why do you never talk about that? @POTUS
@BarackObama wasn't UCLA a gun free zone? Your level of elitism is insulting.
simple solution kill all cold blooded killers and stop the damn Muslim invasion of our sacred free soil.
Let start Enforcing the current gun laws, if a Straw Buyers Guns are found at more than 1 crime scene #PrisonTime for them!
감사합니다
arm everyone and lives will be saved.
that would do the opposite
nope
Yes. The research says so.
http://www.hsph.harvard.edu/hicrc/firearms-research/guns-and-death/ …
http://www.politifact.com/florida/statements/2015/oct/09/matt-gaetz/violent-crime-lower-states-open-carry/ …
You do realize that doesn't support you whatsoever?
you win, you've changed my mind.  Arguing it worked.
Together Let's Stop Gun Violence #WearOrange This is my unofficial quote against  Violence welcome to share
#WearOrange #ThursdayThoughts
Uhh, dude gun crime rates have been dropping steadily for like, my entire life. Even when, and I know this is crazy, the assault weapons ban ended. It’s all about seeing it on the news more, not actual crime rates.
You appear to support the criminals in this world
then talk to your homees and tell them to stop killing each other. #blacklivesmatter #blacklivesmatterssucks
Take the unregistered guns from the Black criminals, it will be a safer America and a SAFER Chicago
What kind of "action"...?
And yet they are talking about getting bullet proof helmets for kids in Chicago
FASCINATING to me how violent the Dems have Bcome. Now guns are their problem. Don't you have babies 2 kill or rallies 2 RIOT?
I appreciate ur persistence and anger about gun violence. The NRA should be ashamed. I'll be wearing orange Friday.#NoNRA
when there's someone shooting at you I'm sure you'll change your mind & wish someone shoots to protect you.
The people ur so afraid of r the ones the NRA is protecting. No background checks, no waiting periods, guns for all.
I'm in NRA proudly. Support background check but also my right to protect myself & family if put in the situation to.
Start by eliminating movie and TV violent programing, yes mental programing !  on using guns for murder and promote crime as virtue
thats right, thats why i got my gun ready to stop evildoers
MT @POTUS We cannot accept our level of gun violence as the new normal. We must take action. #WearOrange
do you notice the crickets from the left?
but we need weapons to protect ourselves #RepublicanLogic
When Potus gives up armed guards I will think about giving up my second amendment rights..
There were approximately 800,000 people murdered during the Rwanda genocide. Most were killed by machete, knife, or club.
wear orange, just like Hillary's fave prison pantsuit
I stand with you on this sir.
we must also be able to protect ourselves from the terrorists that continue to enter our country and kill our children and people.
name one law that will curb the violence.
thank you Mr president for your incredible work you've done for the past. Hope you may enjoy your labour day off if you got time
Need much stronger action on #US gun violence. I #WearOrange today in solidarity with the victims
you want security, sacrifice freedom. No thanks.
You never seem to blame the individual...you sir are part of the problem.
so u regularly exercise ur freedom of speech by talking bad abt  prez but mad when a guy silently protest
Hey, why don't you ban guns in Chicago, that will solve the problem.
@POTUS
Ever listen to Cheryl Wheeler's song about Columbine -- "If it were up to me... I'd take away the guns."
you can't take away the guns. It won't stop the people that kill from making their own guns. Illegal or not..
then it would be gun owning citizens that don't kill- without guns, and people who do kill with guns..
that idea concerns me. Those willing to give up their liberty for safety and their safety for Liberty...
are deserving of neither.
yes mr president that's absolutely correct we all have to standby to protect our fellow citizens
I was there at #UCLA Mr. President...I agree. #NotOneMore
Then #Enforce and exercise your #2ndAmendment #RIGHT to #BearArms!
Gun Control now! Don't let Gun Nuts decide who should live or die in America!!!
who are the gun nuts? Gang bangers in Chicago are the reason there's so much gun violence and guns are banned there
I agree with you Sir.  # Wear Orange  is a great idea, of course you have many. your a great president sir,  you'll be missed  Silvia
well shit i had nO IDEa this isnt normal wow mind blown
MORON RADICAL ISLAM is the problem https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=La7AWPAm0W0 …
So when you leave DC, you won't be utilizing firearms to protect YOUR family. What, you WILL? so your kids are worth more than mine?
@POTUS
@davidbewart
Gun violence has shown a huge decrease over the past 20 years. Stop lying and stop trying to take away our rights. #2A #liberty
You need to screen your people, Imam Obama.
And what about the government sponsored gun violence?
Arm more sane people.
VERY WELL SAID! Mr. President!
start enforcing the laws that are on the books already stop trying to whittle away at our rights
.@POTUS @itsJuliaHardy 
How many times have you said the same speech?
Best wishes for this Mr. President! I am schockt with the horror in Orlando! all my thoughts are with the victims relatives+friends!
why do you hate Americans?
master why we don't treat veterans as they deserve
Gun ctrl isnt the answer/you've had 8 years to realize this/Be a man/leader and admit youre wrong! Then do whats right-Get em out!
I THINK YR MISSING THE POINT?? RIGHTS GIVE US GUNS-ANY1 CAN GET ANYWHERE-'ABUSE' OF GUN IS ISSUE-NO 1 NEEDS AUTOMATIC AGREE THERE!
Before you take away 2nd Amend Right, I demand u restart Surveillance of mosques + Muslim communities.  Radicals r threat not guns.
when you're finished with your gun grab agenda do you think you could do something about the so called nonexistential threat ISIS?
49 + 1 = 50 Dead at Gay Nightclub was God's Warning on Pentecost, count 49 + 1 Days (Lev. 23:16)
why can't you get the guns away frm the gangs and drug dealers They are the people killing with guns Not law abiding citizens!
Fantastic job in Elkhart, Love to you and your wonderful family what a Blessing you are.
well arrest the ones toting them thugs gangs,
@JillianMcLeod05 BLAH  BLAH  BLAH , Talk is so cheap. Nothing will change until big money behind eg NRA decides enough is enough
Give him credit he's tried he had 2 diff bills blocked on law changes those who voted against them should be ashamed
Not blaming him. Mindset must be changed @ kid level but when u have knuckle draggers as parents that is tough to do
Yes I absolutely understand what you're saying 100% accurate
I knew you would get my meaning.  ))))-:} kind of day
I know...Obama is right tho these brutal acts cannot be accepted as the new normal
Shouldn't but it will. I remember when any kind of murder horrified people; today it's so common place not shocking!
The fact that NOTHING changed after children were murdered at school speaks volumes about integrity of govt in USA

Obama lifts moratorium on offshore #fracking off CA coast allowing it to resume 

...for now http://bit.ly/22Kqe8X  
Blazhy Blazhy Blazhy Blazhy
.....A world without nuclear weapons. Gun control.
やめないで！！！！
Should have already been taken care of years ago ! Obama !
The Worst Ever
Ericsson,  you are the president. You won't need people to vote for you again. Ban guns.
yes but get the gangbangers not the Americans that have registered.And why the hell is gangs and drug dealers televised,not arrested
well then take action
disagree. focus on unstable people. legal BG checks don't always determine mental stability. family & friends need 2 take action
could u please stay away from the mic on ur legacy tour & help women in poverty around world, kill Isis, fix education etc, please
@NRA 70-80% of all crimes are related to drugs, and druggies use guns. So focus on combating drugs instead of law abiding gun owners
wore my orange, I totally agree, keep up the good work
...THEN ABIDE BY YOUR OATH OF OFFICE! PROTECT OUR CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS-AS IS "YOUR JOB"--"NOT" TO VIOLATE OUR CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS!
thank you for being a good president u could of been even better if Congress had not fought u every step of the way.  Take care
WE NRA MEMBERS AND LATINO VETERANS DISAGREE..THE SECOND AMENDMENT MUST STAY..YOU AIN'T TAKING MY GUNS AWAY ...
like,hunter orange, so you stick out for thugs to see you better
"GUERRA EN MÉXICO" https://actualidad.rt.com/actualidad/210883-guerra-mexico-policia-dispara-maestros … @POTUS @Almagro_OEA2015 @BBC @marianorajoy @XHNews @WSJ @washingtonpost @CNN @WhiteHouse #CARE
power and any citizen who loses their rights you and all of Congress should be held responsible and accountable as well
Let's support the President's strategy to end terrorism worldwide. Election 2000 brought chaos, let's not repeat with Trump.
and we can't accept yo blasphemous acts in our society as th new normal
and how will gun control help when people like this shooter in Orlando worked for  security firm that gives him clearance to buy guns
resign
Second Amendment: The right of the people to keep and bear arms. You can't override this. So, good luck M8.
we must prevent your false flags from happening again and again
Mr. Obama give police shields to school staff, and allow for panic rooms and automatic closures, or is that cost to high v. kids?
COME TAKE THEM! I'm tired of you stepping on our Constitutional rights. You guys won't get far. Remember the American Revolution?
bla blah blah guns are bad.  NRA has the correct facts.  How about comforting the families and unite the country you destroyed
"Our rights shall not be infringed", isn't that what you swore to uphold?
what a mook, hey how are those gun control laws working in your hometown? Yeah, thats what I thought, like you, a total failure.
We will not end gun violence with words alone - we need to rise to the cry of those we lost! BURY THE LIES, EXHUME THE TRUTH!
#Trump2016
I'm sorry Mr.President an Americans of good will,.We have crossed the Rubicon with gun violence.There simply is no turning back.Pray.
@stephsoechtig 

What are you going to do take them?
Let's start here  Via @NPR: Ex-Rep. Dickey Regrets Restrictive Law On Gun Violence Research
@POTUS
since you took office you have decimated our military. It just makes me sick ,what you have done.
Great idea bcuz all criminals will follow any law you will enforce.  Leave us law-abiding citizens w/o the ability to protect our fam
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/741311272818475008 ….
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
We our not England! It is virtually a geographical impossibility to stop firearms. Just look at illegal drugs. # left vulnerable
Mr. President , when one of your clients is to be a sponsor and financier of terrorism , and all signs point to the piece clearly...
Here we go again... Short on reality, long on agenda. POTUS never fails at pushing his propaganda. Can you say Radical Islam?
soy su fan numero uno
people must have that moral depth to understand that gun violence isn't the way to solve problems. Let them understand #WearOrange
---It's NOT gun violence, it's " People " violence.   Wake Up.
u spend billion on fill wounded its better to change her policy for world peace
How U think all these people with "FELONIES" get guns from Gun Shows from private owner selling guns in gun shows NO Stop that
Sir we prevent with our children in better basic education, family involved in their education.This  divided:prefix Americans.
You are a wimp for a president
your anti gun agenda is failing miserably and your presidency is a joke.  Go quietly or let trump trample you.
how about making being a US citizen a privilege not a right to everyone who shows up. FBI investigation = no guns or presidential run
Debate's OVER We lost years ago when you guys decided mass slaughter of small children was small price to pay to appease NRA #Orlando
@FLOTUS @NicolasMaduro @BarackObama         https://plus.google.com/115478561235905884071/posts/dtHE1aYtjoq …
The shootings today are a sad state of affairs but the norm for a country that loves it's guns. Bizarre!
then let's start by making your service detail give up their guns!  And get a regular limo and fly on regular airlines
solange es machtgeile Menschen gibt,die andere dominieren wollen,so lange wird es kein Umdenken geben......sad but true
you devote more time to lecturing American citizens then you do fighting for us! Worst potus ever!
fast & furious Obama scandal every1 seemd 2 forget Obama gave cartels thousands of ASSUALT WEAPONS that killed an FBI agent
意味わからんし
@queenandstyles try as you might to ban guns..but the sickos of our society will find other means to get them..
do you really believe this???
what a great president. We will truly miss you. I and many of my friends will vote for whoever you endorse. Let us hear the name.
