Mr President, they just don't want to make life better for the mass of the people.
That's where you are wrong, #TRUMP  cares more than any of the candidates that ran...he used his own money to run!
Same Trump who has shipped all his manufacturing jobs outside the USA, or another we're yet to meet?
Yes, because he as all rich ppl had our country's permission to do so, HE will bring it back and all prosper
Mr. Defender I use to wrk for Donald T he IS NOT what he is selling to the american people U will regt
You think Communism is better? That's what the DNC is bringing, how do you feel DT wronged you?
I dnt have to prove it to you what he did to me Is what he did to me lve it at that jst wtch
Sir, Communism is going to happen to this country under the Dems! It's been set into motion!!! Not lying!
Nice picture,but Ryan isn't picking health insurance for anyone so you could have had Popeye on that pic, would have been same
wish you were still commander in chief. I bet you are glad you are not. Enjoy your family and freedom.
they r clueless
ayudame. A salir. De. México
I would like to see next Pres. make an effort to reign insurance companies in and help middle class have ins.&afford to use it
. Go! Obama. Lots of encouragement and support from your Canadian friends.  God bless you and your people.
Salute
find the record https://goo.gl/MlPgN2 
True. Many people opposed it, I feel, without valid reasons. Perhaps they are out of touch with real needs of working people.
Thank you for your service sir! Totally agree with you
I thought you were a great person. Am so disappointed to see you in action these days. You afre downright cruel
ayudame.   A salir. De. Mexico
Excuse me, but "Not Having #Obamacare" *** IS *** the credible alternative to #Obamacare!
See also: #AllOfAmericanHistory
there shouldn't be one, govt needs to stay out of the hospital, out of the church, and out of my decisions.
I admire your presidency but the affordable care act has cost my family greatly, limited our care & more than doubled my cost!
You loved, honored and respected by millions and we will all miss you tremendously!
you're a good man Mr. President.
do your job don't worry about election your not in it thank God. And God bless merica
That's a lie, check online.
better before obamacare
You won't win. Ruining the USA economy won't work, Trump will win, turn things around.  U will go down worst president ever!
IF THEY DID U WOULD VETO IT FOOL
Ian not surprised. Isn't it general human tendency to criticise when someone can't do things better
Unfortunately, the game being played is a twisted game of survival of the fittest.   #healthcare #affordablecareact
that will change Bo when you leave office and Trump is potus, and Executive orders, veto power and Conservatives will dominate.
may God bless all the  time
Thank you! You will be truly, truly missed! 
God bless you!
UNaffordable health care?
Felicidades,Pdte. Obama es una gran alegría poder saludarlo. No entiendo inglés por eso solo lo saludó.
no quibbling
NO CREDIBLITY IS BASED ON WH@....
go on tell me
i dare u
i double dare u
Republicans with no aswers
what about most of us who get I durante they work it's at a record high. You need to take off those rose colored glasses.
, love you President Barock Obama. You and Michelle, rock. I wish you both , could do 4 more years.
your obamacare is killing my family. 600 a month for insurance with 6k deductible for each. We get taxed if we dont have it. FU
since when does Obama care?
make a statement b 4 November by FEDERALLY LEGALIZE marijuana..the TAXES ALONE WILL BENEFIT THE WHOLE country
Obamacare is a joke. My sister was told she doesn't make enough money for it and then was fined on her federal income tax
I'm still waiting for my HealthCare to be affordable. The cost has skyrocketted and I'm healthy. Can't imagine being sick.
Republicans are against the common people.
Support Hillary .C in wicever a way
U shd do watver it teks to win de Republicans cos we nid that win.dat trump can't win the elections
Mr. President you are the NO 01. No chance for Renzi .. Come to Italy and help Us !!
........ true, but the one we have is a hell of a lot better then what you have to offer
brigado obama
congrats Mr President
Obamacare sucks.
fining people who cannot afford it is ridiculous, we pay 1600.00 a year in fines 4 not being able to afford what our Dr excepts
I'm all 4 ppl getting health care, but here in Tx we still can't afford it or dr's won't except it, so why do we get fined 4 it
It's one of the worse things you did. Besides lie about it.
B.S. Cost is sky hi. Way higher than you said it would be how the hell do you figure it cost trillion less?
I call your bluff meet me on stage with the Worlds ears to hear my questions and your answers ball up Cowboy.
good
I don't give a damn what the Supreme Court says, this is unconstitutional . The gov. Can NOT MANDATE ANYTHING. Period
the alternative is get the freaking federal gov. out of my health care
One of the best USA presidents ever
thank you for all that you have done in the last 8 years. Let's keep the Dems in so Americans can continue to thrive!
@AnneRiceAuthor Oh, but they do.

They just can't share specific details with anyone at this point.  Lulz.
Maybe they had it rolled up in the back pocket of their pants and their mom put it in the washing machine by mistake.
the dogs ate it.
I thought about that one didn't want you to think I was accusing you.
you are right job well done, well done for the other side there future loopholes coming.
Réal leader
thank you!!
my momnlaw can't see the dr, any Dr. Thx alot #Obamacare
Just because it isn't shared with you does not mean it doesn't exist.   If it were true, the talking points would be lies.
你还挺帅
So Proud of you and @MichelleObama Dignity and honor is alive!  #imwithher  #HillaryClinton
Obama care has done nothing for me and actual hard working Americans.
then why are we responsible for picking up the taxes if we choose not to have healthcare? #I #dontwanttoberulled
any healthcare is better than what you've given us!  Premiums are still to high!  Leave already!
@BarackObama
“WE GOT COLOR” , http://easycolorexpress.com 
Similar situation here with our NHS
class act! 
GET YOUR MISSLES AWAY FROM RUSSIA!! Before you start WORLD WAR 3!! WHY ISNT THE MEDIA PICKING THIS UP!!
you are indeed a president for transformation! Proud of you!
It truly is the best thing for this country. And yet insurance, for the healthy, is still a scam. #InsuranceShouldBeLikeRoads
It's called the "free market." ICYMI.
@BarackObama
Six years later, and Republican leaders still have no credible #Obamacare alternative. 
@crazylary51 They just talk about how great their alternative will be when they think one up...eventually. Someday.
And people believe you when you lie like this?
I totally agree!  Smarts is not a necessity.  He will handle everything.  BULLSH....
the alternative is to scrap it. I was paying less and getting more for my insurance premium before Obamacare like MOST Americns
Keep saddling small business with the burdens, see if they continue to risk everything.
Best President Ever!!!  Thank you, for being so awesome despite the outright adversity from the GOP.  
because the Republican leadership leads from behind!
give back @HillaryClinton 6 billion and that will help with healthcare costs? Veterans affairs education #CrookedHillary
7.5 year later, jobs 4 blks down, death 4 blks up, no jobs except 4 gov people. Corruption in every dept. Military left behind
#Aca a step in the right direction but could definitely be better. #singlepayer #collextive bargaining = better rates
love the concept but under insured are still high. Have insurance but I beat broken bones by walking them off. Cost R 2 Damm hi
@BarackObama
hmmmm wonder why my ins. is the highest now its ever been for my family !! yeah obamacare is Grrrrrreat 
@StikNtheMud @BarackObama Don't forget it comes with the crappiest coverage
hmmmmm wonde
Damn man, what a job you have done. I know that there are things we will never know, never even dreamed, but you sir. SALUTE.
my rates went WAY up. And so has everyone in my working class
just want to thank you for the health care plan. Pay in for 10 month, use it twice, get married and have $650 in penalties.
gonna miss u @BarackObama.  You will always be a legend in the USA.
What an inspiring speech you gave at the DNC. An exemplary model of the heights thoughtful, knowledgable rhetoric can achieve.
Bought and sold. Another globalization pusher. #trump has a plan but why would he tell the democrats...thieves and liars.
mr president you have no economic sense.  It's so inexpensive all the insurers pulled out of your plan right?
solar panel roadways.. Fuck your special interests,, do it!!
}\/{ÄïÑê√1s“.Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ.381sLuV'N"
#tGi_tHuMp_Nz_tHuRs_dE£zA #wEViEw 
Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄ƷoN][mY~P®EŞīĐêŊŧ~`ßÔ"rOQk]\[
wEs “wEz~'9"&`6"~]
correct
all I know is my personal insurance went WAY UP.
I have a wonderful alternative!
we pay for Obama family healthcare and security but can't afford our own
your a legend
obamacare sucks! We were better off before!
@StikNtheMud I totally agree with you! You speak the truth!
its funny because Donald trump gets more likes than you
MR. President please send  General David Howell Petraeus ,retired in Roania to me Anca Subtirelu. him wife to over 4year
>> my King-Husband and I are going to miss you and your family so MUCH Mr. President! 
if its so great, why aren't you phony politicians on it??
excelent
I have always been an Obama admirer and always will be.  Thank you Sir!
you do know that Obamacare is failing don't you?
You're right. Each year their alternatives get worst.
thank you for making sure I can secure health care!
My brain being controlled by satellite. I was attacked by satellite laser
Mr. BARACK, YOU ROCK! GREAT SPEECH!
True!
omg your speech Trump was probably somewhere screaming he's a disgrace
you are the bomb and u have but u r still my boo in my head sorry Michelle we need a 3% raise please
@BarackObama
. @BarackObama Being insured -paid premiums - but unable to afford deductibles = over 100 million middle class can't afford to use #ACA
pity your term is up; as H.C isn't honest enough to govern the world as it is.
I can't afford #Obamacare! #Nobamacare would be better!
your speach last night was amazing and inspiring
I will miss your leadership.  Amazing President
why are YOU  still trying to sell it? You know it is a failure!!
the ACA needs revisions. We need to work together to make it better and brings costs down! 
you ruined America, put your will over American people, not only Obama care but also Bathroom Order. You are not a good leader.
If they had it their way only the rich elite would have healthcare and everyone else would just be slaves.
Hey it works.   Can't we leave it at that?
you don't have anything that we want!! #Trump2016
a legend
BO is lying abt the financially devastating costs & expenses 2 taxpayers Obamacare has caused! PP lost the doctors they wanted!
We lost a lot more than dr's Remember we were told if we liked our dr's we could keep them? Uh, no.
You endorsed a lying criminal to be the President of the United States.
I heard ur Excellent speech on Hillary Clinton nomination.Great!U are an outstanding leader of the world!
UNIVERSAL HEATH CARE!  I'm drowning in 10k of medical copays.  Wrked 2 & 3 jobs my whole life.
Still, there are americans who purportedly do not want it since dems do not win in areas where they seem to need it.
Stop tweeting about what "they" haven't done, and tweet about something YOU can do and/or are doing#WeAreFarFromPerfect #MoveOn
