@djoctopus72...orrmetawfoowr...
बोल्ट पर सफलता का ऐसा नशा छाया कि छात्रा संग हो गए हमबिस्तर, लीक तस्वीरों से दुनिया में भद्द पिटी
C'mon Chief, step up to Putin! # Russia is out of control!
not if the TPP passes. If that happens, we are doomed.
yeah, that'll happen right away. Get some doctors hired around country. You added bazillion ppl health ins but added no Drs!!!!
lo o
continue doing what your doing with your GREAT DIGNITY AND CARE. THESE HATERS ARE THE PROBLEM. WILL MISS YOU
fool
Focus Off Kent Gauntlet CantHandle,JojoWeGotUmLIE!!!Move824DownHALL!!!DeadlegSOON INJBiLLS CRTRUINSTOMPERSOFFFOCUS
All my hope is in you like that irakda children in Syria.
ne soylemek istedin turkce yaz ingilizce sini yardim edeyim kardesim benim gazan mubarek olsun
No problem i just think it now.
I may look like a red neck hillbilly, but dang it Barack you go green. Power was to the sun god.
go nuclear power just visit a nuclear power plant even commercial or navy
lets be clear I'm working for the Islamic Americans
And the Monsanto Protection Act? Who was that supposed to protect??? Not us, that's for damn sure!!

http://www.ibtimes.com/monsanto-protection-act-5-terrifying-things-know-about-hr-933-provision-1156079 …
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan TÜRKİYE
But nobody talks about the premature deaths from abortions. In fact they aren't even talked about in leading causes of death!
/ GOOD MORNING / NIGHT SIR. WISHING HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY TO OUR INDIA SIR. GOD BLESS U ALL SIR.
@DearAuntCrabby Call Hillary blfgharaa attention and children feel deep blhazn need smile success for Hillary
Since when do you care about other peoples children.  Give me a break.  Jerk.
Not to mention creating a boatload of great jobs!
questi due demoni imbroglioni, hanno fatto la guerra in Libia, Iraq e Siria.....
Did u hear MR. @barackobama in #bangladesh #rampal #coalpower planted start near at largest #manogrove forest #sundarban @saleemulhuq
@BarackObama
we doing a tv prog on this topic for #U.N.worldwide audience 1.6 billion...Mr President will you join us on this prog please?
you've been in office with your pen and phone for 7 years!! Just proof you have done NOTHING but divide Americans!!! #fruad
your power plan is destroying the livelihood of families all over the country
Thank you Obama!
hello dear mr president. I want to meet you you are the inspiration
the Natives in south Dakota need help the PIPELINE is polluting the water.
It's also good for stifling the economy and putting more middle class out of work causing them to be dependent on government!
the answer to clean power can be found in the geomagnetic field, not crappy solar panels made in 
China #ActOnClimate lockherup
y don't u act on this flood in Louisiana? Something that makes a difference right now .
Plz sir Pakistan ko the end karo.in yr diuty.
Plz do the last work for hol world humans
tks darling americians are so happy because you are their president
#NeverHillary #StopTPP
please no nuclear.
https://youtu.be/JVS8-1KwS2c 
What about all the people with Cancer or epileptic children unable to use Marajuana to treat it dont pretend you care about us
thanks mr president I love you
mr.president can I ask you for one favour I need your help now at this time because I cannot trust the NY authorities local n
but only being successful in saving my own life
yes sir my life has been in danger for a long time but I am a soldier self mad win the ghettoise tried doing right
Good morning Mr.President ,how are you ?im writing this tweet to let you know that I fear for my life after all this
After freezing the account, the account you request money remitted back to the United States.
yas
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan 
Scorpio Rainbow
Scorpio Rainbow
Rainbow Chitragupta Puja Rainbow Chitradurga Puja Rainbow Dipawali Puja Rainbow Satyadeo Srivastwa
Will the plan involve plastic(oil) in any incarnation,or nuclear?Radioactivity+ oil-slicked seas=disease you can't cure with $
RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS USA priority not DEMS stupid clean air...traitor..November PRESIDENT TRUMP GOP LANDSLIDE VICTORY
They also said that artificial sweeteners were safe, WMDs were in Iraq and Anna Nicole married for love.
Your exectutive orders being gone will clean the entire country for generations
what is it with the blinkers of the 'now people', as I call them. Where is their vision for Grandchildren's grandchildren?
Then why are you dumping poisonous levels of Aluminum Oxide, Sulfur and Burilium with HAARP? Poisoning our water/air
I really want to act on climate and stay healthy.
yet the #TPP that you are trying to push is considered the "end game for climate change", counter productive don't you think? 
Pie in the sky. If you say so Barry.
More Liberal BULLSHIT!!!!!
@VWcanada is it like clean diesel? #donewithvw #likewebelievecorporations #liars #justlittlepeople
power is nothing without love 
Omg! You are funny! How many other countries are following this? Wait, let me guess... NONE!! So, what good is it really doing?
I say you run for another term!!!!
Geo-thermal energy can power the entire world forever !
Pure propaganda at it's best. The one thing Obama WILL go DOWN in history for. #StopScammingAmerica
I'm sure people in the getto are happy
#Ronaldgod
OBMはいっ！OBMはいっ！BMIじゃないよ？オ！バ！マ！
2007 Obama swear he would build up our roads bridges buildings but what did he do nothing Flint resulted etc politicians lie.
/ GOOD MORNING / NIGHT SIR. HAVE A NICE WEEK END DAY SIR. GOD HANUMAN BLESS U ALL.
How can the Clintons make 10.5 millions last year when they are both unemployed since 2013 and 28 millions in 2014??
As an er nurse I can tell you there is nothing scarier than ur asthmatic baby having trouble breathing! Hope it's not busy!
AWSOME, how do you convince coal minors who believe coal is clean? #educationfail
RT'ed"@BarackObama, @POTUS' #CleanPowerPlan (&-delays) ./. Here, also, #WeNeedNine .. mj (#SCOTUSnominee: #DoYourJob). Regards,
RT'ed"@BarackObama, the #CleanPowerPlan (Hoping we,Soon,Know more abt. The #SupremeCourt's ,02/09,Decision,Halting this Plan ..)
- how about tariffing the heck out of solar panels made in China being sold in the US, let US manufacturing make them!!!!!
You know, higher energy prices will hurt, but it can also help us hurt way worse later. I don't hear that argument much.
Trump will get rid of all regulations. Me President.  Can't you arrestTrump for being a terrorist He scares the hell out of me
our air is cleaner than it has been in decades but your cronies' pockets aren't full of our taxpayer money yet right?
I hope it includes smart grids and energy storage.
ı love Turkiye
good I Eder
don't let trump wim
#ActOnClimate will be rejected by @GOP like @HouseGOP rejected enough $$ 4 #Zika now @Potus has 2 take $$ from #medicinal proj
you convince China  to do it, then we can talk.
But 
But 
But... 
Can I still keep my doctor? 

You lost credibility AGES ago! 

You should golf more.
VOTE TRUMP for Restoration of America
RECEP TAYİP ERDOĞAN TÜRKİYE
aşkim obişim
and reduce the middle class
COAL PUTS AMERICANS TO WORK ENOUGH WITH YOUR BULLSHIT
If I had your abysmal record, I'd tweet about global warming too.
As long as it can exceed future demand i'm all for it!
But "just enough" will always paint us into a corner
Save your assurances for fools. https://youtu.be/HlTxGHn4sH4 
please turn your face to Ethiopia stop helping Ethiopartide minority leadership!
#ActOnClimate #ActOnChemtrails #ActOnGeoEngineering #Chemtrails #LookUpPeople
President Obama is sooooooooo Brilliant!!!
Everyday I'm amazed at how this idiot Obama ever became #POTUS
Please act on CHEMTRAILS poisoning the air we breathe, how about stopping that?
But it's cool to not label GMO foods..... Thereby poisoning our food supply. Shame shame
lol
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan Türkiye
What happened to your Executive Order promises? http://youtube.com/watch?v=5XdI-Z1Ge4Y … @USCIS
prove it
is that the same plan in Nevada Harry Reid's state where they promised that solar panels will save you money now cost 2x more
well done b-rock
u r right
No Thanks...Coal Power! Climate change is only about government control...we choose liberty
How about focusing on this...oh wait Muslim Brotherhood and CAIR wouldn't like it. Like you didn't know
http://trenmedia.co.id/nasional/mensos-tanya-jumlah-anak-penerima-kis …
except no one will b able to afford it
Trump's take on this " Brilliant idea - Why didn't I think of it" - 'I'll just oppose it and call it a dumb idea'
RECEP TAYYİP ERDOĞAN
hi
The air pollution is coming from countries with low standards for clean air not the US I have worked in power plants ..
Recep Tayyip ERDOĞAN
how does that matter when there won't be any jobs to feed or keep a roof over their heads
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan Türkiye
the clean non-GMO food plan was a good idea too.
Sorry you caved on that paly
Question: Is the "Clean Power Plan" regarding "colonial debt(s)" against poor countries?
So is! Caring for children and all families ... we are humanity...
What does it do for the economy and for American families trying to feed their families? #worstpresidentever
io ho ricevuto tantissimo male da tutti anche da voi
Senza meritarlo
Mah
Io....sono nella mia citta
Eh
il mio pensiero per me avere potenti che sanno capire e interpretare le situazioni
il Dio di tutti pero ha fatto continenti loro posti
Da migliorare
Con idee di crescita ed aiuti
Lo dovevo di
u had 8 years..look what u left behind d..more people unemployed, on food stamps, problematic health care, Isis in the country.
@BarackObama
eso se llama SOCIALISMO
picchiano hanno problemi risolvibili
Per Europa se creato giusti sincronismi
Sono integrabili per me
gulen de sizin çocukmu obama
medioorienteasia
Pericolosi per Europa
Per razze che usano forza violenza armi chimiche 
Africa no sono buoni da aiutare
Why not ban 2 stroke leaf blowers and other harmful and hazardous commercial landscape equiptment. They poison the air...
...and are proven to be extremely harmful to us and our children. They have a huge footprint on pollution & can be stopped now.
The research had been done, and many cities already have bans.  These bans need to be nationwide.  Educate yourselves! #Ban
Hate to tell you but solar panels and windmills and you electric cars pollute the air more than gas & diesel power units
at what cost? We should be targeting efficiency R/d and national energy plan all of the above?
Obama dirty more air than hundred thousand people flying around in his jet to play golf what a hypocrite
U R lining pockets and redistributing wealth President of the lie. Spending $100 to clean up ¢50 worth of pollution is a scam.
And increase your power bill by at least twice
un analisi reale
Sud America e popoli per europei buoni difficili integrazioni per poteri
Dannosi pericolosi
if you want to fight cancer and other diseases join the right against pollution
RECEP TAYYİP ERDOĞAN TÜRKİYE 
may I ask then why you didn't endorse bernie but instead endorsed hillary who pushes for fracking?
#G.O.A.T
hi
you're like a king brother
Really? Show me the facts and numbers. Talk is cheap but ISIS real. This is a big failure just like OBAMACARE
What are you on about? This is regarding a cleaner planet, not isis. The facts&numbers are their,just read upon it FFS @BarackObama
Hello! The world is on fire!!!! Our economy is tanking.... Leave asthma to the doctors
sure just like the solar plant plus many others
dont you want stop sale petrol?
salud es lo q me falta pero me parece una buena influencia
GREAT !!! HAPPY TO HEAR THAT .
I wish the best for you and your beautiful family.
Here is an idea:Polluters and tobacco paying a "Healthcare Tax",as they cause many of the cancers, water and airborne illness.
Thank you so much ! You are the Président !
