"YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH" !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very random, disconnected rant.
HA HA HA
Stay out of my bathroom. U have no clue what "common decency" is. Ur perverted sense decency belong n ur Muslim countries
Yep, it's a holiday weekend...
Very bizarre, disconnect from logic.
What the hell would you know about telling the truth?Haven't been truthful about anything since your illegal installation
Bizarre, inexplicable comment.
Truthful not needing an explanation comment. People with nothing to hide do not seal their records or avoid vetting
Illegal Imigration OK? @HillaryClinton Many felons deported10 times.
Hold employers liable for hiring illegal workers, and that problem will be solved.
@tedcruz They told #LyinTed that they used Illegals. In Wisc.
Get the facts from a war criminal..no thanks.
Don't bring Bush into this. The talk tonight is crazy enough without GW.
They're all part of the same corporate interest system whether it be Bush or Obama. Waken up.
Listen
I have to pay money to join? Despite the way you are playing the system, you knew someone would notice this is illegal.
LMAO!!!!
you haven't told the truth your whole life
King Donald on the move. He act as King , he disrespect everybody he walks like a Gladiator. God Forbid.
Sorry, the "Truth Team" left the white house almost 8 years ago.
sir l know the bureaucracy is timely but every week is a year help me find justice.
Christians r nuthin like Isis, we actually learnd frm th crusades, sadly, th Islam's haven't learnd anythin,& kill still, LEARN
Together and with others we pray against the use of foul language amongst those who call themselves Christians. Our Father
@BarackObama @OFA
none of you would know the truth if it came and bit you on the rear-end. Nothing but socialist agitators!
My dad had vision b4 his time.Saw it materialize years later.My vision seems 2go same path.Like 2pass it on.Will u listen?
truth jis SIR you did not do anything your campaign said you would do. TRUTH=kinda late for that now! you had 7.5 years
Yes. The truth and the facts as spewed from the mouth of barack "MABUS" hussein obama, true son of the DEVIL. Deceiver
@0045Modou
please Join Hillary with this fight against Lady Trump we need your expertise and Mrs Obamas help too!! Joe Biden too!!
@I wanna see you♡
nice
Family Mohammad Azam, the taxi driver killed in #US drone on Afghan Taliban Chief Mullah Akhtar Mansour
God, great in every time that He created.
uh, not from u or ur sources. Your a fraud lame duck.
love you forever. Most decent president!
No, it is disgusting
I care about this issue ... let's discuss this Obama.
$15 Billion in US productivity lost annually. SOLUTION! http://diycolours.com 
@womenonbusiness @HispanicWomen @angiemartinez @eileencardet @iliacalderon @JackieNBC6 @MariaCeleste
OFA's mission is to lie for the stupid, embarrassment, Obama.  There is no truth in either.
Bless us O God, help us have wisdom, help us have knowledge, help us have thoughts which come from You.
Maybe send all Caucasian back to Europe! Or just Donald Trump. Why must he be races to one's skin tone?
Donald Trump, assumes United States was only of Caucasian (white skin). Does he not know Native Americans were here first?
why is Donald Trump violating human and civil rights? Denying one's right to choose their own religion.
The problem with the #truth is that it's highly limited by highly limited #intelligence. We always have had this problem.
The truth is it's about raising money.
Bless all nations to know Your laws concerning marriage and divorce O gracious Lord God our Father.
Barack Obama さん

Join the Truth Team and help set the record straight on issues you care about

Thank you very much

@BarackObama @OFA
we seek the great Obama,s wishes on our 52nd marriage anniversary on31/5
I'm thinking about my president.
Would you ever consider moving to Canada and running for Prime Minister?? We love you!


shouldn't you be in Pearl Harbor on Memorial Day?
@POTUS please explain how @FHFA Director (GSE Conservator) conspired with Treasury to kill GSEs!!
The Hashd al-Shaabi forces discover network of ⁦#ISIS⁩ tunnels on ⁦#Fallujah⁩ 
⁧#نحررها_جيشا_وحشدا_واتحادية⁩
http://rol.st/1qCmTL8  https://youtu.be/-ZHqAnTuYNc  http://huff.to/1TgX4Y1  stop stealing $fnma
l don't want war no more. Peace at any cost justice delayed is justice denied
the strategic violence by this judicial process warrants the President or the House Judiciary to investigate.
if my issue has yet to be understood by Mr. Obama then what purpise does this exercise mean.
it doesn't matter if you're black ir white we are all dependent on the expectation of equality of the laws
l don't depend on anyone but God to fight this and all battles. If it was not for my disability my war would be different
these financial losses to my household is not acceptable. A man must fight back and even die to correct this travesty
no matter what ithers think my life and my families life has been in danger. Living the life we were accustomed was stolen
l am not fearful l am sad embarrassed and confused about this attack by the court
l need your assistance no one can say l didn't try to press this issue to be heard. Lives depend on my success
when any federal Magistrate committs fraud and discriminates against a Blackman they must be accountable
take initiative to resolve a life threatening situation when a citizen rights are manipulated by a racist judge.
and help me, with narcotrafic in ecatepec, o i fight with them.
justice is supposed to rectify wrongdoings not ignore the ratchedness of bigots and corporate corruption
the congress of the U.S has denied the efforts of this President would unlikely to disregard this citizen.
that citizens working to elect this President determined to find justice remedies against racial injustice.
many many detractions from the law by courts must be addressed that being in a war zone is contrary to purpose
the judicial system and corporate influences corrupts the so called legal process
stop the madness the President will hear about this tyranny and someone in his administration and respond.
imagine the embarrassment of a lifetime investment stolen by wretched magistrate in Federal Court
righting a wrong protected by law to undermine the corporate and judicial crimes in America
even if you have to attempt to getting the ear of the President forever. So he can protect my rights.
realized that determination is the only means to reckon with racism wherever it raises its ugly head
are racist criminal behavior by Federal Magistrate in Brooklyn Federal Court Second Circuit above the law.
the only issue l am concerned about is the impact of negligence by Home Depot and abuse of Judicial Discretion.
is it antiquated to believe that justice can prevail. I am only seeking the monies stolen by fraud in Federal Court
never ever stop fighting injustice.  It's imperative that you make known these atrocious acts.
You don't know what truth is
big brother's reeducation council thanks you for your mental Liberty.
Queremos saber se há diferença entre golpistas do Brasil e os terroristas que tanto vcs condenam. Agora vai ser hora da verdade
do you really think people will trust @IIFA
you lie
Let's start with you. Tell the truth liar!
Not included in membership: truth.
Find out what you can do to stop the waste! https://igg.me/at/EasyColorExpress …, http://easycolorexpress.com 
oky thanku b Obama sir I'm nepal welcoming s
Is  @BarackObama a member of this truth team?
let's make America great again
ur mouth doesn't know the truth
Hey BO!
Didn't the Greeks used to ask the Oracle at Delphi, now look at the mess their in. 
Whose truth? The truth in you opinion. No thanks my mother taught me not to listen to people who are liars.
Not all can work, aren't enough jobs for all. What should we do about them, our very poor?
you can not handle the truth.
great great and greatest Mr. Barack Obama
@BarackObama @OFA
#bestseller 4 out of 5 star lifechanging book
http://www.bookrix.com/book.html?bookID=ev13b757ded5965_1452691367.7878348827#0,252,12327 …  
Obama Admin. Trying to Prevent Hillary from Being Deposed in Case Connected to Private Server Use http://www.youngcons.com/obama-admin-trying-to-prevent-hillary-from-being-deposed-in-case-connected-to-private-server-use/ …
Forced Globalization is unconstitutional, illegal and treasonous! It forces citizens onto welfare, poorer quality of life!
No, there is NO welfare aid for the jobless poor, other than elderly and the disabled. Ended in 1990s.
laying in bed suffering spinal surgeries and knee surgeries physical therapies  depression and PTSD
earning 2.2 million dollars revenue yearly lost as a result of negligence and corruption by Home Depot unacceptable
making these facts clear to the President and the public should be informed because my business was lost
this individual cares about basic laws and the lack of Judicial Discretion. Criminal Enterprise in court chambers
there are other means to take a life of a Blackman other  than by a bullet
ride or die life is too short to allow crimes against humanity after working and studying for success stolen by racist.
destroying life in a civil matter in Federal Court by Magistrate Cheryl Pollak is not acceptable and shez' above the law
tell the world be strong in faith and stand for your rights and the law.
never quit when an injustice was directed in the courts. We must fight.
lives destroyed by criminal Federal Court Magistrate in Brooklyn Federal Court Second Circuit committed fraud
promises to investigate with his administration to review and evaluate the corruption in Federal Court
why can't the Department of Justice and FBI investigate the theft of 7 million dollars in settlement offer stolen
that this life destroying racist and corrupt behavior in Federal Court is not acceptable.
Federal Magistrate Sheryl Pollak did make clear that the court and Home Depot destroyed the rights of a Blackman
a life was destroyed by Home Depot and the magistrate in the Federal Court Second Circuit
if there is no due process in our Federal Court because of Racism then what are our options.
injustice by Federal Magistrate in Brooklyn Federal Court Second Circuit must be addressed by law enforcement
Department of Justice and FBI disregarded instructions to investigate the collusion with Home Depot and Court
Vice-president Biden directed the Department of Justice to pursue criminal enterprise against federal court
17yr old recklessly and illegally did drive a forklift and collided with a patron and caused disability no avail
racism and corruption denied due process to Blackman in a case of negligence by Home Depot.
where the Federal Court in collusion with Home Depot denies a 7 million dollar settlement in a criminal enterprise
very concerned with the crucial injustice and tyranny resulting from disability while shopping in Home Depot
This is way to complicated. I'm outta here. Bye bye.
there is nothing truthful about you at all.
THERE'S SOME TRUTH FOR YOUR TRUTH TEAM..LIAR,DECEIVER,ABOMINATION.PROVERBS 29:27.
NEEDED ANYTHING.SEEING HE GIVETH TO ALL LIFE,AND BREATH,AND ALL THINGS.
IS LORD OF HEAVEN AND EARTH,DWELLETH NOT IN TEMPLES MADE WITH HANDS.V25.NEITHER IS WORSHIPPED WITH MENS HANDS,AS THOUGH HE
THEREFORE YE IGNORANTLY WORSHIP,HIM DECLARE I UNTO YOU.V24.GOD THAT MADE THE WORLD AND ALL THINGS THEREIN,SEEING THAT HE
ACTS 17:23-25.FOR AS I PASSED BY,AND BEHELD YOUR DEVOTIONS,I FOUND AN ALTAR WITH THIS INSCRIPTION,TO THE UNKNOWN GOD.WHOM
Seems like it would be more humane than lying in a heap of Rubble alive hurt, dying of Thirst and Hunger w/unbearable pain
It rips My Heart to Pieces.I have heard People say this is The Way they are dealing with Overpopulation if so gassing best
It hurts so bad the Women are begging GOD, like Palestinians they were Screaming What Have I done? IT RIPS MY HEART TO .
I apologize for Being So mean when so Many Civilians are getting Murdered by Terrorists or Whoever. I cant stand it for
President Obama, Reportedly Turkey Backed Jihadist are Supplying isis with Weapons. Can We stop Turkey backed militia?
@BarackObama @OFA
Follow me
Thanks Obama for making it easy to get Mr Trump in as President Thanks again America appreciates it..now go to hell
Ha! Even much of the Republican voting base despises Trump, regards him as insane.
TRUTH!!! That is hilarious coming from big liar @POTUS
Pro #RoyaltyfreeMusic 4 #innovation BUY 3964 Music http://bit.ly/1Mn7m9O 
Call to arms for anti-Trump shit. Retire, and shut up. You've ruined our country.
gobble
gobble
