I love  your family
Fact 1: You are a lying trader to the American justice system. 
Fact 2: You covered up for ... http://m.tmi.me/1ffMJQ 
YOU WOULDN'T KNOW THE TRUTH IF IT BIT YOU ON THE ASS! You are a RACE HUSTLING POVERTY PIMP!
Mr. Prez, sometimes people conceal the truth w/lies. U dont benefit anymore from lying, so now you pander for your former rival
the only progress I would like is pushing for little/ no taxes. Cut fed programs that are unconstitutional
hate America? Then fucking leave!
now, where in this tweet did i say that?

Herp derp.
Truth team????   Lmfao!!!  Your the king of liars!
says a deplorable one
Us proud deplorables like the Truth, not lies and failures!
solid F grade POTUS, your legacy is debt, division, war & blood around the world, sad. Wish you took more golfing vacations.
el joven Iam Otsirc esta creciendo con toda normalida, con Amor y Sabiduria de DIOS ., JEHOVA DEUS lo siga Bendiciendo. ++++
OUR CHILDREN DESERVE TO LIVE IN A COUNTRY WHEREIN THEIR THOUGHTS REMAIN PRIVATE! RADIO FREQUENCY HEARING EFFECT MUST BE ILLEGAL
this day and age we are informed and we don't like what you've done to this country, we will not support Hillary.
How can I reach the former president? I want to send him an email about my father-in-law, CJ Renato Corona. Thank you.
Who knows Who r u,  God knows you are the perfect Man to lead America and lead the World.
No @BarackObama, improvement starts with listening. If you ever stopped talking you'd learn that. @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @GOP @nypost
l
wow very great https://goo.gl/MlPgN2 
please let me talk to you about being a disabled adult n changes needed thank you sir

Turn off FOX and tune in NPR & PBS
what about CNN, the Clinton News Network?  All MSM is in the back pocket of Hillary's big ol' butt
Make sure you read the Federalist and Breitbart, too. Opposition media is free media.
You have no clue as to what the truth is, Barry. You are what is wrong with America! #muslim #teaboy
I am told as a Christian to respect n honor n obey if your laws don't disrespect bible
my dear president I respect n honor your office though as a Christian disagree on your way of leeding us

You and your cabal lie too much to ever get the facts straight.
so how is the fight going ok as it go  I hope everything is fine
thank you for your eight years of excellent service to the United States of America!
to you facts means falsified statements and corrupt actions
start the histortcal conversation Mr. President. Be the change the world is watching!
good start Sir power generation is urged.
Sirjee want to work in America. How can you sir?
I as Indian proud of you sir the way you are going for the world peace 
#ImpeachObama
when you going to start taking your on advice
India has got uncountable facts regarding KASHMIR, it has been struggling. ..... no use
sure you are obama
sounds great! When do you start truth ism? Novel idea for you.
absolutely right, 101 #donaldtrump, he failed it or never had it. Not fit to b my president
Foolish and stupid Obama White House
The chaebol elite and respect me a good person
Chaebol firms do not respect religion without religion
Barack Obama should never speak about "Truth".Obama is one of the biggest lying criminal scum bags Chicago has ever put forward
plz stay our potus
we love you
Sorry,  I will just fact check at #Wikileaks
yes facts very important especially when you are a public servant
@barackobama
Your idea of progress is those who work, should give half to those who don't work.  Not very progressive for those working.
hi I did not have public relations with that woman.
can we start a conversation of how you're dealing with #StandingRock ?
I'm still waiting on facts! Haven't seen those in a really long time out of Washington!
ive seen little progress for a middle class middle aged Caucasian like myself. Maybe you need more conversation
I stay informed, unlike the one who thinks he needs to tell me you were born in the US after all.
"Five years...of relentless deception that tried to undermine the legitimacy of the nation’s first black president." Shame...


YOU & CLINTON LIE ABOUT EVERYTHING TRUTH IS YOUR A TRATOR & ARE DESTROYING AMERICA #VOTETRUMP #NEVERCLINTON #AMERICAFIRST
thank you!!
Thank You Obama. 
everybody wants to point fingers. He's just 1 man stand next to him and fight. Instead of complaing. Always got yo backyoungman
If it comes from this administration, you can bet it's NOT true!  #basketofdeplorabes #TrumpPence16
The Garvey's Of NewYork City, love your photo, bless you and your Family and God Bless The United States Of America 
my president
I also stand for #TruthTeam!
yes we can
Sounds great. Simply invite us over for dinner to ensure we start conversing with your best conversationalists.
Barry Sotero had never told the truth drugs had addled his brain and that is a red line that he is not man enough to uphold lol
Mr President would you recind the law by Mr Clinton barring people with drug felonies from receiving food stamp benefits in NE?
ur good leader
You are a great president. Thank you!!!
Yes progress STARTS with conversation, but Obama never turns that into actions of value.  He's really good at the talk tho.
Canadians n the world r watching. Sickens me that Mr T is even close in polls to Hillary. Everyone is watching 4 this outcome.
: more real time danger on its way because time never long now and things could go wrong if we dont buyer?
: i will have no other choice except taking opp direction if we dont have any global economic future.
: and that is surely falling before your exit?
: what i m saying is market is down here and the need is now never before.
:  time is limited now and its better i find a global choice.
: will not walk in to apt riot root. Need global plan.
: this is a pvt and extreme sensitive matter.
go play golf! Loser
HAVARYU?
Unfortunately, conversation gets nothing done in and of itself...but it is a wonderful distraction.
How about #yes2thepopularvote ONLY?
#no2electoralcollege
#no2delegates
#no2politicalparties
#no2ridersonbills
Get that going...
It is also civilized conversation, not obnoxiously yelling your point, a lot of liberals love to do this.
supper man ,

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account, remitted back to the United States,
I so glad Trump  has confirmed where you where born is it you didn't know 
please your definition of truth is lies. Please get the hell out of office already
your right but not for you and Hillary
مع مساء معطر بلورود نهديكم مساء الخير 
الخطة موجودة والوقت يمر لصالحنا ولاكن نريد بقدر الأمكان محاولة تجنب قتل المدنيين في سوري
yes Sir. With you all the way
Or a lie in Hilary's case most of the time You and Hilary should both be in prison for the wrong you have done and the lies U
hell yea
j pry to know the  truth team.It is  like a mirage in desert...........
can you hit the dan
Amen....
facts is important
don't you have more important things to do than play on social media
saludos presidente desde Enid Oklahoma
Tanyalah pada hati nurani  Bapak"masing masing.kalau masih punya hati nurani....
Anda Pak obama bisa melihat kepala  yg sangat berharga dipukul oleh pemiliknya,kerana apa itu bisa berlaku,
Boa tarde e sempre com Deus Amém  
Do you mind the sense of the word
https://youtu.be/0iIZqmRGVdk 
rock on Pres!
Hillary is really sick and she is not going to make it :( ....

YEAH!! Anything that is branded truth from you, you better watch out because it will be all but the truth.
I've been watching your spiritual growth over the years I am so proud of you, I can't wait to see what the end will bring.
Coversation, ok why is illegal immigration up, while Black employment plummets?  Have Black Lives really mattered in last 8yrs
Now more than ever we need fact checking!
Mr. Obama... Do you know about Kashmir. ...!!! What indian Army is doing there.?? Sad very very sad...
can i keep my plan?
nah il use social media 2 spread facts.
~such haters we have, I know u are counting down the seconds when u can leave the "White House" So haters can hate on..
Thank goodness January 20 is just around the corner. I'm tired of avoiding the sound of your voice.
CONGRATS @BarackObama for finally being born in the United States!
I've been paying attention for many many years. You & your policies are the very reason @realDonaldTrump will be the next POTUS
: what type of logic is this? When barack obama wants to involve my apt residents to my pvt family exit?
: why you want me to riot with them first in order to make ground for my personal divorce when i lost economy?
: why do you only want cable guy to involve in my pvt matters when he only raped my wife?
: why do you want me seat with a rapist and victims in public court to complete my divorce?
...truth: killary clinton
Great statement Obama!
god is  angry with you and you pawr you lead my peapol to evil
um governo, um país.


Im Mark the Son of God what do I do now
Yep...propaganda central. #StopScammingAmerica

Great Read:
@BarackObama legacy becoming crystal clear—and it's quite brilliant. #ThanksObama via @andendall http://stupidpartymathvmyth.com/1/post/2016/09/obama-legacy-becoming-crystal-clear-quite-brilliant.html …
why don't u have your facts and when r u and the clintons going to start telling the truth to America u r letting Isis in
hello sir
While Obama is out smearing the next President of the USA. He can't screw up this country by giving money, illegally to Iran.
Which facts are those, Obama?  The truth or the lies that you and your team perpetuate??
ياسيد البيت البيض كيف.ميشيل بشر عساها بخير/احبها ختي وحبك حيف.ماحب ضل النهار عصير/وش اخباركم طيبين.بحبكم.!
good

If I make a whole in a wall and Trump uses it to steal $ would he say I started it and he finished it? # Coward liar.
Average Weeks Unemployed http://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS13008275&from_year=1948 …
Higher now than under any previous @POTUS @WhiteHouse!
#ThanksObama!
@BarackObama
希望你們好。
Make sure you have the facts.
The economy is #WorseNow than when
GOP last held House, Senate & POTUS
https://itooktheredpill.wordpress.com/2016/08/02/the-lost-decade-economy-is-worsenow/ …
@BarackObama
Very good
@washingtonpost The Violation is taking place at 1701 Commons Way , Deer Park New York.
I am under siege.
for once I'd like to hear you say " f-you Trump".
Keep DOWN the Fight! We need less violence and more mindless chatter from community activists
cool
so true sir


agree. Why do you support the end of Colombian democracy by terrorists ? FARC deserve to pay for what the have done, no?
"Every single civilian death is attributable to the U.S." #Yemen
#1Statesmen
@POTUS @OFA @FLOTUS @WHLive
Thank you for caring abt us all+gas under$2! @HillaryClinton @billclinton  @PplB4Corptn
I love you President Obama! Greatest President Ever! Thank you for your service and dedication!
@MichelleObama I've presented my facts, the question is Sir...(Who's listening, Who's hearing me), Does anyone care?
follow me or I'm not going to visit the USA. 

