Wow obama your really taking advantage of this situation arnt you
@JoshuaKushner Yes, all gun laws need to be immediately abolished, & AK CCW reinstated, nationwide. #EndRacistGunLaws
what did you do about it your entire 8 years?
Blah blah blah. Fear mongoring to try and disarm "The People" is the act of a Dictator no matter how you try to disguise yourself.
@JoshuaKushner Thank you Joshua, for not reversing principles due to some dangerous misguided loyalty.

Finally I get to tell you what I think:   STOP INTERFERING WITH OUR LIVES, OUR GOVERNMENT, AND OUR WAY OF LIFE.  YOU ARE A TRAITOR
Rakyat harus di lindungi
Absolutely and WE MISS YOU 
So the Senate failed to limit a Constitutional right by bypassing the ratification process. Example: Knowledge used to abuse power.
Meanwhile, in cities where citizens 2A rights are respected violent crime continues to fall.
They're STILL failing the American people today!
Maybe you should tell your brother to tell his father in law that. Like now.
A statement from a real President.
Now is not the time for politics  A moment of silence and prayer is absolutely the right thing to do this moment in time God bless USA
preach it daddy
It does requiere gun control. US is the country where mass shootings happen more than any other country.
They didn't fail us as badly as you did! You're just a racist Foreigner. You just sat on your ass and handed out money, my money!
Zzzz
credit to the President for the uphill battles he faced every day.
@SenateGOP has failed not just in gun violence but in protecting this country & Constitution as well. 
@JoshuaKushner gun control doesn't work for anyone except criminals
Soon enough Trump will have conceal carry legal all over the US. 

People will be more safe than ever before. 

#sanctuarycitieskill
what about police violence against innocent protestors at #StandingRock ? Will you give this situation anything more than silence?
No they have not failed THEY FOUGHT YOU OFF From TAKING OUR GUNS! NOT YOU NOR ANY LIKE YOU WILL EVER TAKE THEM
Where's your action? When are you going to ENFORCE  27,000  laws we already have? It's the person not the  that commits the crime.
All of our elected officials take an oath to defend and uphold the Constitution. Reinterptreting and altering through legislation...
Save for those cities with very restrictive gun laws violent crime has been on a steady decline for the past 30 years...
We The People would appreciate it, if you would quit creating terrorist groups, such as ISIS, and quit arming our enemies.
You mean you people that are delusional right? Bc Obama isn't the President so...ur comment is totally dramatic. But pretty good for a troll
Once our 2A rights are gone they're not coming back and, when gone, we will have forfeited control of what is OUR government.
The way an Amendment works is: 2/3 of House & 2/3 of Sen. have to vote REPEAL. THEN, 2/3 of Govenors must approve before potus gets it.
@JoshuaKushner  Obama has failed the American people. And thank the  Lord you haven't got long Jan 20th can't come quick enough
You failed Chicago!
blondeeshabit1.........biden>>??&   eddie...raytheon..metter santa anna customs!!!!! from baanna..im eating ill get back shortly...cu
more people die of popcorn inhalation than mass shootings #ironic #mediafrenzy #propaganda #opencarry #guncontrol #GunsUp
In endorsing the corruption of the DNC, YOU have failed the American people. #HillNo #HillaryForPrison
upholding our constitutional rights is a bitch.
So, should we unarm cops due to all their violence? Should we unarm our troops because of the violence to men, women and children?
LOS CORRUPTOS SON TERRORISTAS PURO LACRAS HUMANOS


yes mr president that's absolutely true
@HillaryClinton As soon as you both give up your Armed Secret Service protection we'll talk about it! #hypocrisy
Almighty Allah Bless America
I agree but, also people kill people. They are the ones holding the gun because without a person guns are useless.
Almighty Allah Bless America
- Nothing more than typical political yammering. Makes for a nice sound bight for the faithful. Suggest reading Madison & Jefferson.
i wanted them gone forever.  Give them 2 terms like a president.
it requires you moving out of USA!!!
you have to be the worst president ever
@BarackObama President Barack Carter great job with Iran , Syria. ...NOT!!!!
Strange how the highest rate of "incidents" since Obama came into office.  Said he was against NAFTA then changed his mind
has  nothing   to  do  with   the Senate
this  is  about  taking  the  Guns  away  from  people    that  is  the under line  deal
We don't need anymore gun laws.Got too many already!
I have a gun it is a short nose 38 special I am 71 yrs old. I took a safety class before I would even load it. Now locked and loaded
Only gun control needed is a sniper pointing at your Muslim pos traitor ass. See America already had the first "female" potus
This from a man who's hometown is full of murder and violence. And the state he is from is bankrupt.
no you failed the American people
How about the ATF starts prosecuting straw purchasers in #Chicago? Oh but you don't want that because they're black, right?
FAST&FURIOUS ring a bell sir.and you have the nerve to push gun control
@HillaryClinton You are not going to disarm the American people. They have a constitutional right to carry guns.
@BarackObama Failure is to reduce the possibilities yard is through health.
second amendment to the constitution is important to the people. The senate didnt fail, they thwarted an unconstitutional act.
@BarackObama 60 million US babies have been killed by their mothers!!!!
The Senate will continue to fail the American people as long as it is under Republican control.  Wise up America!!!
thank goodness someone is trying to stop the Obama lunacy
no they have not but you certainly have!
...and, still the American people wait for our elected officials to #DoYourJob,  @USASenate. #gunviolence #NeverAgainNoMore
@POTUS
The most important thing is to know if the American people understand that some of their institutions are failing them badly.
No the Senate did not fail! You did Sir, with all due respect! Also your palAngela Merkel, now has blood on her hands too!
Sorry! But you have to now call a spade a spade. Its timeMrObama. HRC is not right for America at this time!
NO Mr Obama.In countries where guns are not easily available, they are still killing people with guns!
More than silence, sit ins and filibusters... Thanks for the Entertainment anyhow!
People need to be able to protect themselves from those illegal immigrants who are criminals.
Gun violence is the by product, not the cause. Focus on the cause.
They sure did.  The inaction after Sandy Hook said it all.  In an NRA controlled country we are all doomed!
国服第一奥巴马
you have failed the American people OVER n OVER nOVER AGAIN and ALL lives matter mr pres. Not just blacks or Asian or Latino or nativ
I concur President Obama God bless you always
we the people need the 2nd 2protect ourselves against domestic terror like U. After France I assume u will ban tractor trailers 2
Strengthening gun ownership laws in the US will certainly go a long way in making America safer, even for us ,occasional visitors.
You failed the American people  You need to BAN the TV gun violence not guns ! criminals will use anything and you know it!
Respect the law abiding citizens and gun owners while punishing the gun violence offenders under the full extent of the law.
that you may be willing to support Thomas Hudson, shake his hand and hear about the veterans he walked across the country to help
I truly believe that you may benefit from hearing some of our stories. I have faith that after you reach out to me and hear me
Sir, I am the team support coordinator for the walking veteran for Virginia and DC.  I am also a Navy veteran who signed up at 17
@POTUS
action would be stop dividing our country. All lives matter!
please interview Dallas police officers in the protests, we need you to show Equal! we have amazing police officers! Looking to you!
what are you going to do ban trucks after the terror attack in France? You're delusional. Take out the KILLERS. We're America.
Not!!!
Mr President we need a change in the way we educate as Canada has more weapons but almost no gun violence.
IS, PRESIDENT @BarackObama II, THAT GOOD, THAT NOW THE MODERN WORLD, HAS THE SOLE GREAT AND THE FIRST AFTER OF LONG YEARS, WITH LOVE!
No, the Senate agreed with the American people
Muslims are the problem
.@POTUS YOU have failed the American people, by befriending our enemies and alienating our friends.
Losers
2nd amendment maybe you should read it
. The 2nd Amendment was written while we rode horseback. Life is different now and  "Right' to Bare Arms' needs revision to date.
because of Dems not Republicans. R bill was stand alone D had hundreds of non related add on spending
they are all to busy being right fighters, puffing out their chests, inflating their ego's so they can turn and blame you for it
Yes they did
Mr President, when you say that racial tensions haven't increased on your watch, you sound clueless. It's like a J-TEAM moment.
AMERICA NEEDS GOD!!
its not u, its idiots who whine all day for attention, the nobodies who want to b somebody, but r 2 stupid realize, they never will.
We need a law that prohibit any racist from holding any office n law enforcement, & serving as judge, state & fedral.
Terrorism requires more than telling people not to be racist. In failing that, you failed the American People #Obama
that's y trumps in not killhary !
u know who this is cause u helped in the disguise umust think the American people are stupid
blah u did
#international_investigation_karada
Also invented glasses of oxen, and show all the green grass .. Why did  Ndharat US police to see all white-skinned people
Then maybe you shouldn't have given those guns to the Mexican cartel #loser #fastandfurious
https://twitter.com/Natire2u/status/750222665856585728 …

We The People would love it, if you would please quit attempting to disarm us of the guns that we love so much.
We The People love our guns, and we love the #2ndAmendment, which gives us all the right to keep and bear arms.
We The People also love our guns, because they offer us a way to protect ourselves and our families from harm.
We The People love our guns.  We love to hunt game, that feeds our families and we love the sport of competitive shooting.
not as much as you have.  It is clear you hate America and citizens like me
You can start by protecting our country from terrorists instead of trying to take our protection away from law abiding Americans
@BarackObama what about the gun linked to you. Your people traded guns for drugs/money whatever. Why is your guns among those found?
Respectfully Mr. President, it also requires acknowledging Radical Muslim Terrorist are the problem,
Someone has also failed not calling it what it really is !
your honor president Obama and happy fourth of July. Mr . president do not let kagame to create a zone of wars in DRCfor generations
try enforcing laws on the books and do the same with illegal aliens
"Of course now, I have found myself about to become The President of the United States and I have put my hatred aside". YOUR WORDS!
Heed your own stup0id words & do something about radical islamic terrorists-religion of peace my ass.
What about bomb violence, knife violence, should all that be banned too? Stupidity.
But how have you serviced the victims in Chicago? who got wacked today, this weekend, last month.....
no, YOU have failed the American people. Over and over again.
@HillaryClinton I fully support our President and what he is doing to protect our country. Thank you President Obama.
really? then why allow these sales?
You my friend failed America
Senate is not to blame.WE THE "LOYAL" PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA BLAME YOU FOR WHATS GOING ON WITHIN OUR BORDERS #IMPEACH
what "action" would you propose that doesn't  involve taking MORE rights from citizens, adding more laws you don't enforce as it is?
no word from you on Americans killed in Bangledesh or the American teen stabbed to death in Israel?  Hint: neither involved the NRA
care to explain how your fast and furious guns ended up in France , and in the hands of Isis terrorist? Or just feign outrage 
says the jackass pardoning and releasing convicts with weapons ( firearms) charges unserved .
With all due respect, STHU you sanctimonious fraud. YOU have failed the people, in every way imaginable. Trump will undo your mess.
@POTUS
Leaders place the safety of those they lead 1st.  Safety = Eliminating Radical Islamic Terrorists @ their Ideology, not Gun control
President Obama you are so right. Action is required. Yes the senate will always fail  the American people and middle class.
preach
so why is nothing ever done?
