@jack Before scaling into $TWTR further, is there now a legal situation between you and the European Union? Thank you.
YOU AREN'T EVEN QUALIFIED TO SHINE TRUMPS SHOES MAYBE GOOD TO SERVE HIM COFFEE
when you insult a sitting POTUS in public, wld u blame our enemies for not respecting us? Stmes let's hide ignorance N hate
Look how Obamas policy has hurt the economy & divided our country he should put #AMERICAFIRST instead of America last #VOTETRUMP
what policies? you mean like saving us from a depression 7yrs ago? Or paying $2 4 gas? Vote trump with biz abroad? Hhmm!
I would assume you support Clinton. There perfect pic.
what's ur point? Dat she's fare to someone who insults n disrespects her? Cos I no she's not stupid n u no 2. I hope u do
If it was about her dad. I'm ex Navy her carelessness with top secret info, the Coruption in the foundation, pay 2 play is sick
and ur guy is all honest and clean? I guess impersonation, failed businesses n being crooked is good 4 biz n Whitehouse.
@jack  please help me          
no, its time for you to leave that office.
come on people, not only will the GOP not confirm, you know impeachment process will begin almost as soon as Hillary swears in
السلام عليكم
Just because you negotiate and pay ransom to terrorists, doesn't mean the Senate should.
Brack...He is your buddy from Chicago and No he will not get the position. Judges are a dime a dozen.
the best president America ever have. Well done man
; at this point you may as well wait and have Mrs. Clinton appoint a real liberal. No point compromising with repubs.
#obama4SCOTUS
nah, fuck that. Pull Garland and give me a younger nominee from Hillary
Garland will likely never be Supreme Court nominee.
Not true bc when Hilary wins they will move quickly to confirm him, or be faced wit more liberal pick
I think Obama pulls Garland after the election. Contra case from the @economist though:
@EconUS Yeah, she may nominate Garland again, makes sense she would. Seems only fair to me. #DoYourJob
Garland is such a moderate pick; represented Obama's willingness to compromise. Biggest mistake of Obama's...
(not Garland per se) but believing that other side willing to compromise. All they wanted was to destroy him.
I, too, hope a much younger, more liberal judge gets nominated. their actions created Trump. Fuck them.
% months and the president still hasn't nominated an acceptable candidate for the SUpreme court,  Another Obama fail
@jack Bernie said he wouldn't appoint him.  He had a chance to stop Citizens United but expanded the ruling.
@jack if the Republicans don't confirm him they will have to deal with someone even more liberal from Hillary
Добрый вечер помогите сайту стать более известным и привлечь покупателей сылка на сайт http://marketsales24.ru . Спасибо.
@jack الى الجحيم
i would prefer president obama on the supreme court. An ideal choice
@jack my senator is DiFi so what more can I do?
I hope he has a nice place picked out!
you've screwed up so much in our government your opinion is not valid ; NEXT! Moving on
lets be clear
Congress knows our collective attention span is too short, you need to shame them more often and publicly about this!
Mr  President  please give the world the Famous Usain Bolt pose just to say???
yes you did Mr President.  Thank you
Why don't you take the next five months off, go golfing, forget about your useless SCOTUS nominee
I never thought I would say hope and change. Hope and change our subpar president.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1744988872415478&id=100007131453270 …
The more likely a Clinton win becomes, the more willing Obama should be to pull Garland's nomination. #dontrewardobstruction
Since the appointed judge will be the "tie breaker" and his/her influence will last for years it is a thing best left alone now
Five months us not long enough when you're trying to alter the course of this country against the very will of God.
stop TPP. You know it's bad for America!  @SenSanders @HillaryClinton @sustain_energy_
@POTUS
#DumpTrump @realDonaldTrump 
#DumpRyan @PRyan @SpeakerRyan
#DumpMcConnell @SenateMajLdr 
#DumpGOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
bull to the muthafuckin shit
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1744988872415478&id=100007131453270 … plz help my son Tysheem he is 17yrs old running in Rio in September
ok, down!  If you like him he can't be good for America
Down!
haha
i think i found your father & mother lmfao
yes, an up or down vote... Let's get it done now!!! Congress needs to do there jobs!
yoo #OBE need some help of a natural #illuminati? appointing a #newhighcourtjudge
I think you should have chosen a more progressive judge, but congress has no right to be this derelict
I wish everyone in the government would take there job seriously.
Withdraw his name. Let HRC nominate YOU for SCOTUS. BOOM! Republicans explode like ants under a magnifying glass!
Hey, Republican's, VOTE already! It's your JOB!!
Garland the gun grabber ..
probably best not to tell congress how to do its job. You can barely do your own.
questi due demoni, squaqllidi imbroglioni, hanno fatto la guerra in Libia, Iraq e Siria.....
some of yr American critics say : u r a puppet. I trust u r  one of those cannibals shaped like a puppet rattling on two.
True, and thank you for your service.
Shut up Hypocrite. After all of the years of inaction and lack of votes during Harry Reid's reign?
ISIS leader killed in US drone strike, Hafiz Sayed Khan.
Student taking part in a rally on the eve of Independent Day in Dibrugarh.
Yes we can
I KNOW THAT'S RIGHT YOU BETTER SAY SO
AMEN. Republicans need to know 4certain that Trump is going to get his ass kicked. day is not far off & they will call for vote
suck
Wish your words applied all those times you refused to sign what The People's representatives voted for in both houses!
Sri Srinivasan would be my choice but agree with the timing issue. Go for it!!!!
Two pills Hydrochlorotheozine 5 months. Balls
Honey,your holiday mood is fully in heart passion right now⋯⋯waiting 5 months after eat & sleep& golf club...too boring
Relaxing Time with settle down heart 保持平常心、renting house prepared to fix all stuff in( are you including my gifts ..forever
Awwwww! The @SenateGOP you've gone out of your way to antagonize for years aren't doing what you want. Going to cry?
Unfortunately, sir, you are not the right skintone and the GOP takes exception to that.
бaрaк @_чo
what can we do? I have written and screamed and shouted and given more $$$.
what can we do? I have written to everybody and screamed and shouted to no avail
Congress has the true power, they do nothing to make the black president seem like a failure, they put race above nation!
As soon as the Donald is potus
You know they're not going to...try telling them the new president will probably have more chances. Just look at those guys! xP
k
Sir, I truly support you and your hard work towards your people. .
As lord Jesus did for His people.  Jesus loves you.
Hillary way to go.
美國政府2015年1月到7月，匯款到台灣台北的銀行有一筆2100萬美金最高的金額戶名是誰，黃秦秦本人沒有這個帳戶，這是一件詐騙案，2015年的國民黨政府詐騙美國總統歐巴馬和美國政府，黃秦秦就是證人。請看到的人傳播到個大媒體和CNN電視台。我站出來揭穿。
Too bad your enemy was the Joker
kinda like the healthcare, clown.
Mr. PRESIDENT I respect you and envy you for you great gesture. Unfortunately  GOP  don't give a damn to the interest of people
#never hillary keep your liberal judges out of a fair judicial system
Hopefully they will continue to stall so that Hillary can nominate you and we will have a democratic congress.
wonderrful
exactly.
The opposition does not want toMr.President.
argh. Stop already.  Start packing   No matter who wins.
NO !
sir.  They are just too chicken to do anything that would look like support.  

PS. When are you going to create Bears Ear?
I am from Utah.  You need to protect the money grubbers from themselves!
nope
love you man
go play golf and stay in your sand box like u have done for 7 years
99,99% Obama Nice Man
yes we can
The GPS are the definition of traitors. They purposefully paralyze the government and work against the people.
stand your ground.
Good 
.
mr Obama don't say do more.okay Mr what ever you r.do more for Pakistan okay 'coz we r not ur servant mind it okay
America will organise coup attempt to get married at this age. This was also accepted and common amongst the Americans!
@SarahKSilverman Go golf
lotus it is all about who is appointing the judge
It's time to withdraw him, and shake their confidence.
sometimes we expect more from others because we'd be willing to do that much for them - unknown
give it up muslem you are done. Pack your shit and get the monkeys out.
I honestly think Garland is too centrist, but that doesn't excuse the actions of the Republicans. It's time to #DoYourJob
If only the Do Nothing Senate did something other then being obstructionist I would feel better about the tax money that payem
They don't know how to be honest and fair.  He will get a vote soon.
;.  I THINK YOU LIE  JUST LIKE YOUR LYING POTENTIAL SUCCESSOR.
it's kinda funny. Whoever runs your Twitter account actually has as much bullshit as you
What's worse than 8 years of obama? 12 years of obama. ABC. Anybody But Clinton.
Send the Judge to the Court to be Seated.  Constitutional fight would take the news media off of Trump.
can you imagine who trump would choose? I. Can't. Even.
I know your pain. My senator is Session. Still standing in the door.
I thak you, Mr. President. At the age of 80,  I do what my limitations allow.
@SarahKSilverman But aren't those hard working DC guys on vacation?
Put them on blast
OBMはいっ！OBMはいっ！BMIじゃないよ？オ！バ！マ！
@marcorubio Act now or lose my vote Sen. Rubio. I'm a woman and I ALWAYS vote. #RememberInNovenber
How can you support this kkk loving Nazi?

Plus bill is a rapist. 

So there's that. 

Tell me how.
Give in up
Start packing
tru that
You democrats are brain dead
guess Garland must paid you a lot of money. Let's wait and see if your dream come true. Mr. destroy America president!
Right, like Harry reid allowed up or down votes on bills he was blocking for you!

nice mess.
you are the WORST PRESIDENT IVE EVER SEEN IN THE WHITEHOUSE A TOTAL EMBARRASSMENT TO THE COUNTRY CANT WAIT FOR YOU TO GET OUT
Why don't you be a man!
up or down know!!!!!
you're kidding right?
absolutely correct
I agree wholeheartedly
Yes you did Mr President
daddy 
RECEP TAYİP ERDOĞAN TÜRKİYE
I hate dictatorships and that is what we have at Congress. The balance of power is not working.
Can #Stupid @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP already #Vote 4 @SupremeJudgeGarland #GOP r Only playing 8yrs w @Potus I am Disgusted w #GOP
make a recess appointment!
