@JoeKellyMOA The Republican Senate and House of Representatives are the biggest set of morons ever.
You are a wonderful president- stay blessed
knew wht abt #JeffreyEpstein #LolitaExpress n when did he know it ? #pedophiles #DNC2016 #FeelTheBern
Why doesn't a reporter ask about #Pedo #Epstein's #LolitaExpress & Bill's 26 trips live on air directly to him?
hallo，obama
I LIKE YOUR'S TOESES AND FEET MY PRESIDENT AND MY VICE PRESIDENT...
caro barack hai ragione
pass the MJIA!! AS A VETERAN AND A VICTIM...please please support this..I've supported you!
you have done nothing but reality shows and late night tv who are you kidding do your job better late then never #almost over
@BarackObama
Great, professional!
When did Obama start working? I must've missed it.
FAMILY LAW SYSTEM is CORRUPT in the Supreme Court and all lower courts!! President,  PLEASE RETURN our #TAKENCHILDREN BACK NOW
Not just courts. Worse in CA. Lawyers legalized malpractice. They cheat, betray clients.
I WOULD LOVE TO BE ON MY PRESIDENT TOESES AND EVERYTHING ELSE EVERYONE'S.
When did you start working? Not scheduling meetings before 10am is not what I call #ReportingFromtheFront #DoYourJob
Mr.President interfering in others matter is not job either
The only work you've done is to help screw up our country and push us farther into debt. #gobacktothecaveyoucamefrom
We Americans couldn't agree more...get to work, roll up your sleeves, as you were elected to do as our representatives.
maybe another vacation or trip to Martha's Vinyard will help.....
how about u do ur job and stop blaming everyone else
do your damn job and defeat isis
we the people must vote them out when their bid for re-election comes! #do your job.
C'mon, you know they quit woking 7 years ago.
Oh, but they are doing their job, their other job, you know, the other people that pay them more than the gov pays them
support no pay for no work. make it fair. If i don't work I don't get paid.
u are right
u haven't  done  your  job  in 8 years
Shut up
#DoYourJob @POTUS  and maybe others can to. A man who could have been Great instead gave it away so sad
they should refund our tax dollars. We pay them to get the job done, not sit around playing child's games. It needs to stop.
hold them accountable, Mr. President! Sign of a great LEADER!
Why would they...have you worked with Congress AT ALL Obama?  Bill Clinton was a great president because he worked withCongress
yes but President George W. Bush did way before the end of his term. Have we forgotten about it?
The actions of Republicans of late shows us how they care for a cause rather than a country of meaningful people.
#56rhonda wonders why the do nothing congress, can't see why we .may get Devil Trump.
they quit working when you were elected!! Now they want Trump? Go Hilary.
Mr President I want to tell you that you did a SUPERB JOB you deserve an Academy Award.
I love you and Michele
... let the voters chose? They DID when they voted 4 Obama.  Do UR job senate R B Fired!
if the senate & supreme had been doing their jobs, you would have been gone a long time ago.
you can stop your mistakes and executive over reach anytime. We don't mind @realDonaldTrump
Kinda like when Congress abdicated and stopped Working couple of years ago; it thought other Branches Govt Stop Working Too!
word POTUS!
Stop campaigning for Hillary, you loser. Worst POTUS ever!! Do your job, Obama!! #Hypocrite.
Keep on keeping on@President@Obama
It's common sense. They as well as most of America have lost 100% respect for you. You are done.
U reap what u sow. 7 years ridiculing GOP and pushing ur agenda down our throats have consequences #nobama
I don't care for the way you run the country into the ground, but I do have to agree with you on this GOP has done nothing
- vote them out!!!
What you call not doing there job indicates they're indeed doing there job and well, we are meant to be different,
I'm very glad to give you a message. We wish you to see. Wish me luck.
Question: when some hospital is loosing sergeant, &some managers don't like replacement choice, can they do just say...
What Senate says?
We gonna wait for next General Manager, &then gonna choose new general sergeant. Receiving paychecks for work
I see NO LOGIC IN THAT, but I know, that Disabled due to brain trauma myself, so, maybe, that's just me...
U should tlk b HUSSEIN o,look at the job u did with all the cultural change executive ORDERS!!Did u get justice for all blacks?
then work  . . . you are not being paid by campaigning
So true but how can we fix it? It feels hopeless
IF-IF- IF-IF- IF-IF- IF-IF What's wrong ovomit? Cat got your tongue? http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2016/06/wow-obama-tries-trash-donald-trump-turns-stuttering-mess/ …
you have!
A lot of Senators haven't done an honest day's worth of work THROUGHOUT their entire term!!
I wouldn't constitute campaigning for @HillaryClinton as doing your job, Mr. President.
I didn't golf and trips to Japan/Cuba/etc qualified as working
haven't done their job for eight years, why should this year be different?
Hi Mr Obama...I hope u have a great day.....
This shows the world that USA has a bunch of morons getting paid to make anyone non-republican suffer..
you just want move America more towards socialism! Leave already & let someone with sense appoint the next seat.
coming from someone who never had a job
thats BS
you are so right!
@ The American people paid their money into Social Security how can you rob money from it for Obamacare
@ You said Bush did not care about the people because he has 3 trillion in Debt now YOU have 20 Trillion !
@ The Republican's do their job problem is you don't like what they suggest so you say they won't do job
Mr. President l am still expecting your state visit to Nigeria.
-I bet they wouldn't do this if a white individual were in office!!#DoYourJob
shame on them...
let's make this the final year for those senators up for re-election.  #you'refired
@BarackObama
Do yours and follow the law on immigration. You cannot make up your own! #DoYourJob
help of poor with USAID
#stopsuperdelegates
why can't they be fired like we are when we don't do our job?
the GOP Senators havent worked for 8 yrs and counting
talk about doing a good job wake up it's been over 7 years 
Ain't that the truth!!! Worst, most pathetic legislative staff we've experienced & been hurt by in decades!!!
Do your job on the southern border #hypocrite @BarackObama
#dont let go Pakistan easy brake his spine sir world will remember you like.. EKIA

I didn't elect those senators to take a sabbatical year! (mostly because I'm brazilian, but still…)
Ok let them do their job and reject this nominee.
sir i m big fan of u i love u
you don't have any room to talk. You don't do yours either! America hating POS!
some of them are working for the special interest groups, not for the american people
Hallo hi presidant how are you today.
I am a new political party 
President Kiran Tamang.
From kathmandu Nepal
Can you member
i appreciate the spirit.
@orangeseahorse I think we will get the senate back thanks to the draft dodger Donald Trump
Ok....
Do the right governance and leave the rest for the Senate. Time will tell and Time again will judge them.
very good..mr.president.best regards...
한가지 빠졌는데 정신과 약을 너무많이 먹어서 더 이상은 못준답니다. 아 환청에서 해방될줄알았는데...ㅠㅠ
형 수고하삼. 다음에 심심하면 낙서 좀 할께요. 나 같은 만년을 구워 삶아도 미국 대통령은 하기 싫을껀데 미국선거를 보니 그런것도 하늘에서 타고난듯해요. 빠이. 건강하세요.
처음엔 반말도 못했는 허락한뒤로 반말 환청 들린 댔어요. 환청이 욕은 한적 없어요. 그냥 마당에서 담배피면 환청이 친근한척 말 한다고 했어요.
차마 앞일도 예언한다는 소리는 못했네요. 정신과 약 나오는데 좀 복잡해서 오래 걸려요
조금전에 부산대학병원 정신과에 다녀와서 약재부에서 약 탈려구 기다려요.
의사가 환청이 무슨 소리 하냐고 궁금해 하기에 한국 속담에 있는 "귀신 씨나락 까먹는 소리하고 자빠졌다"
했어요. 욕하냐고 뭐라기에 욕은 제가하고
@BarackObama
#bidenrule
#noscotusvote
#EnoughAlready
Those Senators should be Expelled
is this like you won't do your job? Protect and defend the constitution.
Of course, you should never stop killing people
realy just to spite you .yes because you are great black president
@JohnCornyn @tedcruz @johnculberson Gentlemen, stop letting Texas down #DoYourJob, vote yes or vote no on the SCOTUS nominee.
please share  my Gofundme.comk577jw  thank you
289 rounds of golf since 2009. #DoyourjobSir.
@mcsharma_25 You allowed @SenOrrinHatch to chose your nominee... And you couldn't find one eminently qualified black/Asian...
American people can get rid of 24 Republicans that are coming up for election in 2016 & send McConnell back to minority leader
In Argentina no one (deputy, senater and/or president) do their Job
Why don't you do your job and enforce our immigration laws and secure our borders.
Differences exist in Senator's job between Constitution & Amend which changed their selection. Protect ea State or rep people?
non serious senators hv always behaved like this
That is so shameful! Shame on the Republicans in Congress!! #DoYourJob !!!
@nupadog #DoYourJob
been working?  Oh yeah he must mean on his golf game
a Presidents who doesn't do his...he plays golf & looks to self serving agendas.  Yep you can move away from mirror.
한국 부산 동구청 구내 식당에서 점심 먹어요.
I agree. Unfortunately, Congress has perfected its obstructionist agenda over the past 7 years. Thank you for all you do.
before you go, what about Targeted Individuals? Do you even know we exist? Injustice
demagogue in chief
Please help #Flint ... Please
PLEASE do your job.
@SpeargunWI lol SFC Kathleen Ann Miller (RET) 16 yrs ago tomorrow, wearing OD green,join first retirement, wear OD green..
DO YOUR JOB AND FIX THIS VOTE FRAUD CALL IN THE UNITED NATIONS the whole world is laughing
And Congress can't do their job, because we have a president who LOVEs executive orders instead of following rules.
You haven't done your job in 7+ yrs! WE DON’T NEED A PANSY-ASS APOLOGIZER, WE NEED A PREZ THAT’LL PUT A ‘BOOT IN THEIR ASS'
maybe you should have worked the first 7 years of your presidency. Golf anyone ?
@irishheart1960 Sad but only thing Republican Congressmen have worked on in 8yrs is. Re-election and oppose democrates
YEA ANAL PORE DO YOUR JOB
I want to work in the Senate
@OGOPer c'mon turtleboy @SenateMajLdr- as it is you're stealing your paycheck- step up and try to lead-you might like it! #hack
oh, shut up...
I wish you would stop working,some of our country might be left when you LEAVE.
please do your job, the one u were elected for. Quit tearing the country apart
Bull shit!
Don't worry!  We're throwing Grassley & his no working team out! I called!  Let them sit @ home & not work!
@lephoceen_13 hi barack, just wanted to say hello. Its been a long time bro, next time youre on xbox live, text me
payback,
Oh come on. Dems just crying cause you cant stack the court. As if anyone in Washington ever really "does their job."
If you are a do nothing senate voters send you home. Are republicans risking the senate for a possible Trump Judge Judy pick?
Is they don't their job why don't put people like us, Who wants to makes the differences in this great country at once!
We'll vote them out
I LOVE lectures on people not doing their jobs from the guy who spends millions of other peoples' dollars on exotic vacations.
Says Senator "Present". Say, did you address @SenatorReid's lazy approach toward creating budget, which IS legally required?
you always do your part president!!!!
SECRET RED REVOLUTION:PARK GEUN HYE,BAN KI MOON,NO STOP,NO COME BACK! IT'S GO TIME AMERICA 
*GOD BLESS,PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA!
one hit KO...
