You cannot prevent the earth from drawing closer to the sun. Bible prophecy rules...
Global warming has nothing to do with the Earth's distance to the Sun, it is due to an extra blanket of carbon dioxide.
Lol!
I'm not sure what you find amusing.
The magnifying glass effect is a bit strained. Don't you think? Far-fetched...
It has nothing to do with a magnifying glass. Here is a short explanation:
Sunlight hits the Earth and is converted to heat. Much of that heat escapes, but some is trapped by the atmosphere.
Only a few components of the atmosphere trap the heat, mostly carbon dioxide and water vapor.
We're making slow progress but have a long way to go- let's don't kid ourselves. Need to get young folks involved- provide Jobs
why only 32%? We can do better #GreenAmerica #CleanAmerica
Think it might be too late.
No, we still have a choice between bad and much worse.
A report came out a few years ago saying we had passed point of no return. The damage was irreparable. But ...
...I agree we should continue to stop it getting worse still.
Hello Mr obama
Is carbon really a pollutant? It is the basic building block of life. Do you mean carbon dioxide? Carbon monoxide? Explain.
YOU CAN NOT CHANGE MOTHER NATURE. YOU CAN NOT STOP WHAT THE EARTH IS MEANT TO DO!
Virginia & the other states who mine Coal, pull that lever for Donald J. Trump on election day, here's your future w Hillary.??
at a cost to me that is staggering!
Ill believe it when I see it Trees are being cut at an enormous rate still and we need to grow more to prevent catastrophe
#TheLast100Days @BarackObama > ?
PS: What's next.... ^^ #Surprise !
is a #PredictionKing....
@ClimateReality ha. There is no solving it. too late for that. It's just trying to do whatever we can to make it less horrible
are you list your mind? Get ready your people for little ice age with coldest winter 2031!
yes im

propaganda, normal earth cycles, its deception, its about control
And raise energy prices by 30%.  There is no climate change only propaganda from the idiot king.
How does a man like you making $200,000.00 a year afford million dollar house.oh ya steeling,dealing drugs,selling secrets
#Moron
@Sustainablehero said the moth to the freight train headlights
Your plan? Really? Now you're scientist too? Go back to corrupt politics and golf - you're better at the former.
@ClimateReality end sub-EPA mpg vehicle depreciation for businesses
Maybe you should start buying clicks like Hillary/Trump team does? Not wise but still an investment ;)
@Rafael_AB95
when the cost exceeds the risk stop pushing!
it's good for future
yah but reality is opposite of what you are saying though....
freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account,remitted back to the United States,

just fifty years behind the time if people would just listen 50 years ago we wouldn't be in better shape
there we go again, talk, just .... talk.
Yes, thanks to you!!!
u are the worst president we ever had u can't be true to white side of your,the black side was a bum
dont forget that its "all about the benjamins" era so solving it can be very complicated and can delay #ActOnClimate.
so why would Hillary take a 20 minute flight on a jet for a fundraiser if there was really a concern about fake global warming?
Nitrompg is a registered combustion enhancer with the EPA. It eliminates the carbon. Visit http://www.nitrompg.net 
It is the unburned fuel in the combustion chamber that exhaust the harmful emissions. Our company has solved the problem.
Thank you dear President
you really can't solve anything . Too bad it's taken 8 years for America to understand that!# hoodwinked
Yeah , Mr. President .  Have you got any vacuum cleaners to sell ?
My brain being controlled by satellite. I was attacked by satellite laser
keep on going...
by 2030?  Throw these ideas out there that years later you HOPE will make a difference? In 100yrs my idea will change the world
The climate situation in Poland was this summer better than one year ago. Normal sun and normal rain. Only few hot days.
Now It is raining. We have a pretty and a great natural vegetables this summer.
祝贺女排夺冠！
全体 #泛亚 受害人要学习“女排精神”，维权路上虽然艰辛，但站起来抖抖身上的尘土，依旧眼中坚定！我们坚定“本息不回，誓死维权”！  @PDChina  @ReutersWorld https://twitter.com/NJrzi5zX31wryi6/status/767253612351229954/photo/1pic.twitter.com/9IgZFBDL6x 
#notenough
f
You're clean power is increasing citizen's utility rates to unaffordable levels! Many go w/o heat in winter, AC in Summer.
only 32% by 2030? That's laughable! Change it to 40% by 2025 if you want to leave a good legacy! #climatechange @HillaryClinton
. Seriously? RT Mental health hospitals needed and improve our education system for ALL. But u want to control the weather?
neither is helping the people.with mental health issues and improving our education system and take out the leftist teaching.
let's do this.
what about Islamofascism as a threat?
the u.s. is out of money 20 trillion dollars in debt these restrictions are killing small companies like mine
https://www.facebook.com/LibertyWritersNews/videos/514539808740562/ … TRUMP IS DOING OBAMA'S JOB IN LOUISIANA!
you are not going to have time to control the weather it's too late
Salute
bull shit
keep suppressing my tweets
not real
everytime i fart I make a change? Can I get a participation trophy?
it's a hoax
pipe dream and so is ur carbon tax #itsahoax
you are ridiculous
I'm with you. My dear President, you are right.
VOTERS JUMP FOR TRUMP! October "Conversion" Plays in Pittsburg! Humble Mea Culpa Tour Swings Heartland!  Pundits Stunned!
نمیدونم کسی از سی آی ای این پست رو میخونه یا نه فقط میخام اینو بگم اوبام یکی از بی لیاقترین و ترسوترین ریس جمهوری امریکا بود
sorry, Mr. President there are still too many deniers out there. And that is so sad
and cause many green industry to be bailed out again. How many of ur green companies didnt bankrupt
make good on your promise to the Sioux tribe and block the Keystone XL, Mr President.
wow great sir  #ActOnClimate
how much less carbon emissions would there had been if you hadn't taken that big jet on all those vacay's ??? Hypocrite !!!!!
And #climatechange  is more important than stopping #ISIS , who are killing innocent men, women, and children every day?
NO PIPELINE !!!!
Haitians sure could use some of the millions donated for relief from climate change
Do something you fool! Trump is in Louisiana comforting the flood victims while you and Mrs. Clinton are living the life.
ok sir
announce et alien disclosure Obama your keeping people from their galactic family star family end the truth embargo
whiles we ve already devise a formula dat wil suck de carbon out nd produce O-3 in de atmosphere
#LouisianaFlood #ObamaGolfs
Don't give in Barack keep fighting just like Mohammad Ali
yes we can...
@BarackObama
If we all just do one thing to prevent the toxic rubbish taking to the sky's and maybe we will all make a better life
@BarackObama
to little to late
dont we have bigger global issues than struggling with mothernature?...have the effort so far curbed typhoons/hurricanes
we Indonesians love you sir, and keep up the great work as POTUS!
climate change is not a problem.
you need to become like al  gore and do speeches and presentations about this stuff after your term
this is why Obama is the best president ever


#bullshit #changemyass
the Russian Submarine Force is said to be BACK Cc @HillaryClinton
.@BarackObama closing coal power plants by 2030 would do over 10% of the job. Plz sign #ExitCoalNow http://chn.ge/2aW6NHv  #ActOnClimate
اوباما انت من المسفسطين يعني ذلك عندك القدره على الكذب وتعرف انك تكذب انت شريك في قتل السورين واطفالهم بإمكانك وقف القتل ولكن .
Sir,You are positive
at what cost?
And we need to drastically cut back on animal agriculture. #vegan #plantbased diet
#ActOnClimate in #Malaysiahaze  and #Indonesia fire @NajibRazak
Yes!! Good move Mr. President
nice
when he speak,of the our neglect and the lack of responsibility, of the human,with the climate, there he is!
The President Obama II, when he press, * USA and the WORLD,
For the nature in fury, there he is!
The only thing it will do is quadruple people's electric bills!
The MR President Obama II, combating the constant violence against nature, in any space in anywhere, there he is!
what is the world, let alone the US going to do without this super hero?
it's not enough
@BarackObama
really?we are too hot here damn
ViVA Obama fix it, and Great job on using Irans own money to get our People back
your the coolest President we ever had
no one cares about this right now... The climate is destroying Louisiana... Do something there, fraud.
I appraciate your ambition
@narendramodi @PMOIndia Do we have a global agenda for this? #environment #india
समझ नहीं आया किसका climate बदल रहा है
#actonsciencenotpolitics
we see absolutely NOTHING on your pg about the Louisiana floods - but you bashed Bush over Katrina. How's your golf game?
environmentalism - the socialist's tailor-made excuse to increase govt control & reduce free-enterprise and freedom
anytime govt says 'our plan will do such and such," we can bet the ranch that it won't. Govt's track record is one of failure
How does a man like you making $200,000.00 a year afford million dollar house.oh ya steeling,dealing drugs,selling secrets
@BarbaraColoroso would say "no problem is great that can't be solved!"
What industries will suffer to make this happen! Idiot!
why did you lie about the ransom you paid to Iran?
We are With You Sir.
you plan is to destroy, but you will be the one destroyed.....
/ GOOD MORNING  / NIGHT SIR. HAVE A NICE WEEK END DAY SIR. GOD HANUMAN BLESS U ALL SIR.
- good headway?
@BarackObama
We can use geothermal, wave, wind or solar.  There is no longer a real need for fossil fuels.
and cost thousands of jobs and many companies to go bankrupt!
wish you could make similar progress getting the Democrats to be progressive again @BarackObama
climate change or global warming is a myth
How do you plan to tackle the climate change challenge with poor public transportation system in the US?
You find everything to do EXCEPT FOR BLACK PEOPLE! YOU WONT EVEN TELL YOUR KILLER-COPS TO STOP KILLING US LET ALONE CONTROL EM
Yes, heal the planet and slow the rise of the oceans. Lol!
Barack, If you truly want to help air pollution quit blowing smoke up everyone's ass.
is the GREAT number one, speaking, listem for after No to cry.
we need start to change thinking about economic growth it's vulnerable shot for our planet we people are problem and US on top
Obama climate change, adding 11 million new Americans to food stamp needs.  Great job there! Not!
why has your administration  ignored the needs of the community that has supported it the most
Mr President. I realize you are on the home stretch but Louisiana is flailing once again with you no where in sight.
when do minorities recognize venality and lies of democratic party
oh… Obama… Didn't see you there. You can go now… We don't want you anymore…
We need much more than this in order to reverse the damage already done. Reminder, the US are the first polluter in the world
fumigating with Naled will kill wild bees
@FoxNews Seriously Mr Obama, your incompetence ranks right up there with your horrible sense of priorities.
Thank You President Obama for all you have done over the years!
why so long? 14 years is a joke. At least take the problem seriously.

#runningoutoftime
to easy to solve ... To hard to accomplish
2032 isn't soon enough.
Le climat a toujours changé, mon pote ! Maintenant et plus tard…
carbon tax or aren't the dem donors going for that these days?
You Big LYING dog TURD! Where did you get $400 mil to pay off BRIBE/RANSOM and then LIE about it???
Your regulations for carbon amount to economic warfare you and your buddies are criminals!!!
another ponzi scheme...
