Hey, aren't you the grandstanding president who did this exact same thing?
How so? RT @KeepsinItRealz: @BarackObama @DavidPoland Hey, aren't you the grandstanding president who did this exact same thing?
when he was in the senate I believe. @TheDailyShow did a "report" on it.
Not the same. They had hearings. Alito had the votes. Confirmed in 75 days. False equivalence.
You don't understand "false equivalence". Result does not disqualify the premise. As said, same intent.
Sorry, but you are rationalizing out of your ass. Actions speak louder than worlds. Details matter.
Nt saying both Rnot wrong. Saying you shouldn't call out "false equivalance" if you don't know what it is
Oh... & saying "not saying both are not wrong" is the foundation of a false equivalency, by definition
oh no, no stress in her incredibly accomplished career.  Remember she has qualifications, trump doesn't.
President ob is a very weak and unamerican
says the biggest punter
shut up
We should have respect for the President of the United States of America. We are a good people...
I have all respect for obama
I'm not sure what you guys are saying but if Obama did a worse job we'd be asking to join England again
yup
biafrans need their freedom from Nigeria
biafra referendum is the only solution in Nigeria
why do you keep texting This? It will not happens
wasting your time, or should I say Americans time, just start packing, you have done enough damage, even worse I voted for you
devote your time getting  to truth on Clinton mess so voters have truth by Nov. Her track record on "truth" shady. UR legacy
no vote for garland
Looks who's talking!!!
@BarackObama
THIS is a #brilliant #doctor w/ utmost integrity @DrsuzanneH Thx 4 all your work educating on this topic #vaxxed
I agree
Agree100%! Why does Congress  think it can violate US Constitution? Bcuz NO 1 holz em accountable! VeryDangerous precedent!
God bless biafra republic
that's rich coming from a former senator who voted against Roberts and Alito for political reasons.
yes but he voted.  The republicans aren't letting that happen...#really
Trump is KGB
Okay simply let the Senate vote him down. Barry do you not understand that you are not going to be able to pick the nominee?
AMEN
lol its all a Game to you puppets and high Class criminals!! As your all so above the Law smh no One is above the law zionist
biafrans are great country that bless will oil resources, which God almighty give them of their children of God
can you please please please help me .. I really want to study in the #Usa but I don't have enough money 
How's things going in N Korea, Libya, Syria, and stuff?
sorry to tell you but the Supreme Court is unjust. Just like one of them came out months ago and spewed her political nonsense
To Mr President i agree with you.  Iam a Canadian and thank you for coming to our city and the capital of Canada Ottawa
Roberts
 Allittio & 
Thomas Perversion & arrested development  HandMaidans of the END of USA, By biblically oriented buffoons
Now duplicitous Gorsuch joins the SCREW non Believers
Here come  Raptor Republicans  same Pie in Sky Barbarians
@A.JacksonTrail of Tears
Nicely said from a former U.S. Senator who didn't seem to vote for Roberts and Alito.
His point exactly. It was brought to a VOTE!
What democracy? You swing it alone!
biafra referendum is the only solution in Nigeria
Get lost America hater
I support your nomination of Judge Garland .
help Nigeria presented to conduct a referendum for in Nigeria
suport biafra referendum and you will be father of friends of biafrans
Give Judge Povobrasileiro a hearing!
what about hillary clinton. she should be in prison and instead she is actually running for president. DISGRACEFUL
We are about to take the pulse of America; why rush? Should we not wait to know America's choice of direction for the future?
Yrah
Thanks too True Believers Supreme Court is partisan day biblical hegemony is conversation  world needs to have no HOPE until WE do
Good Morning Mr President Obama.,agree with U 100 % on yr comment
biafra referendum is is only solution in Nigeria
biafra referendum is here with us international community are the founder of biafra republic, God bless fedra republic biafra
Shameful
give YOU a hearing!
Not that you do not a lot of work, but I dream of a Supreme Court Justice Barack Obama.
Mr Obama how can you sleep?
This is what you can expect if you let @rupertmurdoch polarise your polity to the point of total breakdown.
the congress isn't something you should bypass for ransom payments!!
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
Writes this while supporting candidate who has litmus tests for judges.  I believe he should get a hearing too, but this is bs
Why should the Senate act any different than YOU do. You've ignored the Constitution since you were elected.
What a disaster! ObamaCare, everywhere. What a mess! Lets make America great again! Again! Again! Law and Order. Law and Order
since when did you change your mind on that ?? because when bush was Pres. you was all for it. Hypocrite
Garland should go play golf too!
Go play golf while the people are suffefing. Who are you to talk. Give us a break. You cant fool the American people.
go fly a kite or play more golf while people are suffering. What a joke! You are totally unfit for the job! Look at yourself.
Republicans have taken the Supreme Court hostage and the we the people do nothing. Shame on us!
no hearing and no vote and no to this judge
can't wait for the day you leave the Whitehouse, you failed this great Nation on so many fronts!  Shameful!
We are a republic and not a Democracy.
sir find concrete solution on worldwide terrorism it's too late world needs peace specially Kashmir
I kicked a football through Mr.Jenkins house when I was 10 boy what a time
Sir..i hope u won't mind asking me something..Do u think u served the America as it is to be served.dats a general question Sir
Amen- do your job senators or retire!
AMEN.  All senators and representatives need to remember they are here to sreve ALL people even when they can't get their way!
says the liar in chief
@jacobarg6 How about YOU treating MY country with the respect it deserves!
that's just not going to happen Barry. But don't worry, Trump will take care of that when he gets in office. Never Hillbama!!!!
Osama... Can you wake up from your sick dream and start cooperate? or u want be animal form? https://www.docdroid.net/g3rsbtl/the-biggest-mysteries-of-the-world-apocalypse-2016.pdf.html …
yes mr hw is life moving
Yarack Obama
I swear I thought it said Judy Garland. Wow!
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
Yes Potus u r correct!
Republicans think so, let's put the pressure on  and vote#Hillary.
prosecute Hillary and enforce the Rule of Law or your presidency will be for ever tarnished.
100% right think about a country not political moves
They only follow the constitution when it works in their favor.
@reallminnelli Now really, Give Garland a chance... How can you resist
you were a disappointment. In so many ways. Good for them for staying strong
Stop kicking around the American people first!
@BarackObama
oh yeah
#RecessAppointment for heaven's sake- what are you doing?!?
If the Clinton's have to give up their family business, so should the TRUMPS!
. Please pardon more unfairly sentenced people. Thank you
I agree
It's funny how Republicans spend so much time chastising you but, they have no answers to resolve any real issues.
you have ruined america
you promised to label GMO's in 2008, now before you leave office silently pass #DARK act preventing GMO labeling. Explain plz?
Drop it, Barry.
YOU ARE WITHOUT A DOUBT, THE WORST PRESIDENT IN AMERICA'S HISTORY! HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE COLOR OF YOUR SKIN, IT'S JUST YOU
YEAH, LIKE YOU DID! "NOT"
@christineyhsd We must vote out the GOP in November!
Do you know why your still in office? You can't be fired!
Billionaire Clinton Spies? They control news, people, Allow email servers to be hacked, Preventing FBI & CIA access! 
THAT'S RIGHT!!!
If the GOP lawmakers in Congress were to do their job in the last 7 years, US jobless rate would be 0% & infrastructures superb
The very people who voted these corrupt lawmakers to Congress are the same people who are complaining & now following Trump.
I think Hillary is Tom Brady if Politics was football #Hillary cheated
why so you can seat another activist judge? #SCOTUS
A lot of Nazi Fascist to choose from. And Barry would now it. Hope that the American sheeple wake up
No hearing until we get a President that's Not going to sell out this country to the Muslim Brotherhood!
http://www.MyValentus.com/bigjayenergy 
bro gondersene su fetoyu. Valla dua edecem Müslüman olmanın tövbe etmen icin.Sen paket yap kargo alıcıya ait sıkıntı yapma bro
How witty are YOU,MR.PRESIDENT????WOW!
its enough.  DO your jobs. U r making US look like fools along with Trump. Shame
If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress?
- I've decided that I rather @HillaryClinton nominate YOU from the SCOTUS.  Wouldn't that just show the republican congress!
really Obama the same way you respect the people from Lousiana or the black community? You represent what a Dictator does

u sure divided us into a racist country. I thought ur presidency would heal...hat is ur greatest failure!   no need for vote
get off the golf course and do your job, @POTUS !!!!!!
how's your golf game doing? glad @realDonaldTrump made you get off the course and visit louisiana
when do you open or even let me open the Book of Life you have and end all the hate killing wars crime, how many more will die
say you pass before the Book opens do you think it will be fun for you or @TerryBranstad as you're both the same, killers
how many were killed in #Turkey how many are killed everyday? none need be open the Book of Life it all ends
some like #ISIS believe Allah, God says they can kill & not accept your neighbor as they were taught to hate
you too were taugh to hate your neighbor and you teach that hate to the children just as #ISIS does
in your world just like in #ISIS world the hate killing wars crime never end the Book of Life changes the world
the Book of Life gives peace on earth to all children on earth sends their parents to hell though
Great example: When Supreme Court ruled on Net nuetrality for a win for the people. Congress defunded FCC, &said don't enforce?
yes...mr.president.best regards...
how do they get away with this?
Hillary is anti business, u people buy into this same message ! What about the last 8 yrs??  Feel any better ?? Vote Trump 2016
please help the Kashmir's freedom not for Muslims only for human rights.
No it isn't, but your bullshit justice department sure is being treated like one.  You lie #shitstain
Is dificult speak to the GREAT SOLE, American President Barack Obama II,this Republicans Congress, is of cowboy and no SENATOR!
@Marina_Sirtis no thanks for asking
ask harry reid how to do this. harry under your guidance was the very best do nothing chief ever to be in the senate! ask harry
and being disrespectful as well to our President.
God protect each of its functions. God wants welfare for the humanity.
You should be the first one deported for the disastrous job you've done as our racist President!
Dear Sir, please have compassion on me sir, am really in need of fund to construct a working prototype for water generator

You sure change your stance like your clothes daily. Leave this up to the next elected President and keep your idealogy out.
While the GOP & company focus on the President's vacation in light of Louisiana the GOP is still on vacation.
R majoritySenate bynot discharging Const obligation in respect of nominee 2 USSC breaching public trust&must b held accountable
neither is our nearly $20T Nat'l debt, but you've kicked that around since you personally don't have to pay for it. Thanks!
our country isn't either. So let's do the same with it.
Thank God they won't let you stack the deck!
hypocrite in chief. How many liberal justices did you nominate again?
the dissolute are afraid of the law
Tell that to Biden
why?  You do.  Your presidency has been nothing short of a popularity contest.  Look in the mirror to start change
.
Yes! #scotus #endpartisanship #judgejudygarland
#stfu #flipflop #Liar
you are the nation's quarterback of political football.
THESE NOMINATIONS ARE EXTREMELY VALUABLE AND ARE ONLY SOLD TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER,,,,,,,,
THIS IS THE YEAR TO VOTE OUT ALL INCU
Hi sir..
Sir About thala
oh !.... Look who's back from playing golf ! Just go back and don't fuck anything else up !!
look barack we love u and we are rooting for hilary clinton
U err in calling them leaders. Leaders get things done. They're do nothing mossbacks bending to the will of wealthy kingmakers.
BARACK OBAMA  for supreme court judge.
AND SAY NO TO THE TPP!!!!!

Ive been receiving pettions to sign saying you havent done enough for black ppl to that i say I truly love my President
No, it's more like a round of golf. And NOTHING causes you to miss it.
The (R) are a sick party in an advanced state of coma. The R with a conscious need to purify the party or create a new one.
Educated Fool
oh sure, NOW you want them respected. How bout cancel all your XOs to show you mean it?
and how did Obama care pass ?
Maybe the @USASenate would do their jobs if they weren't bought by private interest. Their focus must be else were.#headupasses
How about showing the American people the respect they deserve by making private money in politics illegal.#CorruptionMustFall
If Honey does like the USA Empire seat, 9 Judge will take action making you no cash!
Respect God & his Prophet GJ2 https://m.facebook.com/HouseOfGod2/ 
Il nero è sempre nero
preacherman practice what you preach
نهاركم سعيد لجميع
ربما تختلف الأراء ولاكن لا نفترق
Sir, if you read this please explain the difference now and when  u avowed not to allow another Supreme Court nomination 2007
They aren't even kicking it! Charlie Brown was more effective, efficient, and productive.
Obama should withdraw his SC Nomination before election to prevent lame duck approval. Then Hillary should nominate HIM
