Why do you want to import people from Muslim countries who kill gays?
your honestly very racist if you just assume that all Muslims want to kill gays
Muslims aren't a race, but they are a religion that's everything you say about Christians, but true.
of you think a religion has no innocent blood on its hands then you clearly don't know history
You can roll the dice with the lives of gay Americans, just like Obama. I refuse to do so.
If they hate America and have no right to be here? Of course.
why can't you be Mexico's president? You'll be an awesome president here.
you can sure have him! Take him now!
you are a trump supporter, don't even dare to mention me again, go away
Your a stupid butcher of Benghazi supporter...if your even knowledgeable enough to know about Benghazi
if you're coming here to "insult" me as a trump supporter you don't have any right to do it so leave
You clearly misunderstood me, I'm a Trump supporter!
besides how can I take you seriously if you support trump, it's like talking to a wall
You are not making any sense. You just said you were a trump supporter.
VOTE
#Poll #Election2016 #USAelection
#Trump vs #Gary vs #Hillary
#IfElectionToday
C L I C K HERE
VOTE & RT
#Poll #Election2016 #USAelection
#Trump vs #Gary vs #Hillary 
…
did you vote?
at @IfElectionToday
Don't forget #Monica when you vote.
I'm confused. Why should we remember Monica? Did Hillary have "relations with that women?"
HER HUSBAND DID HE RAPED OTHER WOMAN. HILLARY DESTROYED THE WOMAN'S LIVES #JAILHER
I am one that needs proof not propaganda!
Hi Beverly what is it that I said that you would like me to prove. #VOTETRUMP
No rape charges, arrests or convictions! Only hearsay regarding Hillary!
I have yet to experience marriage....
You're such an inspiration gor this big world. We love you!
i love you don't leave us

BLM DOES NOT MATTER!!!! Especially yours!!!!.
@HouseofHRC u
You are the most impressive president in the U.S.
I'll miss you and your family.
May god bless you and your family.
You should be proud of all you have done for the LGBTQ+ community, by giving them the chance to express themselves! #freedom
I LOVE YOU
he have wife
@TokiThc hi
@vinylinmono Love is love so people are marrying goats, oceans, toasters and sex toys. Al righty then..
@vinylinmono My my my the smells of anal sex are very different than vaginal.
@vinylinmono Oh please.  A penis packed with feces and getting orchitis is no f'ing walk in the park..
i
yes
philosophically can full equality be achieved in any society especially one that now uses income to segregate instead of race?
nbn
you watch my massage
 you tube in type = (Breaking new India केवल भारतीयों के लिए प्रोजेक्ट बनाया हैं।) someone project photos
I will give you my "Hi speed bullet train projects total free " call me sir Obama ji call and video
call me +91 9300 4200 23
good husband
you d'man. #barack4more
almost as old as your commitment to the gay community!
You need to read the Bible to understand God's truth.
You'll NEVER create a natural family but sacrifice it for a shallow self serving existence of sodomy & u smell of farts & cum!
Lies don’t becom truth, wrongs don’t become right, evils don’t becom gud. Even if they’ve become acceptable to the majority.
thanks for #Obamacare which if allowed to remain will lead to the death of employer provided insurance but that was the plan eh
thanks for stealing the little disposable income low income people had w/ #Obamacare the costs of which negate it's usefulness
corruption is corruption
you're looking pretty good for a third candidacy as president B
now you are coming down from the power, you suppose to use and give biafra their freedom
biafrans need their freedom, from Nigeria
have the biafra done to you, that will make you turn back on biafra freedom
Barack Obama, you are ignorant off biafra
@melgua86  Sad day
#LoveIsBetweenAManAndAWoman
love from india
NOT ISIL...PRECIOUS BROTHA
IN THE MIDST OF MURDERS FROM ISIS WHO GIVES A FUCK ABOUT GAYS LET'S KILL THESE ISLAMIC TERRORISTS SAY IT ISIS NOT IDIL
DON'T MUSLIMS HATE GAYS ??
YAS
@gabvasa OBAMA BEST PEOPLE!
dogs horses and kids a long way to go down the drain Barry
we will share something more
Las Vegas of Madalay Bay Hotel celebrated Wedding Party in 2010
Husband, we loving each other since 2007 (nearly 10) , and then one year marriage equality, then born nineteen children( happy)
yeah  love is love ---- but gays r really gay --- isn t ?
I want to marry my dodge
Dear Mr. President, would you mind running for chancellor in Germany after your term ended in the US? We need some change here
hahhahaha
 http://bit.ly/28ZwuWT 
Wait, what?? Didn't you say your faith says marriage is between a man and woman? What faith Was that and when did it change?
that's gross
I love you
Forward
@TrelynnAshley can you just stay in office? Like really......nobody wants them.....nobody.
You worry more about things that don't help tghe country than the wellbeing of the country as a whole,what a joke you are.
///you 
seem
psyched'
lol
```
I wonder when a man can start legally marrying an animal. I am counting you Mr. President
marriage is between a man and a woman for that is why GOD created Adam and Eve and not Adam and Adam or Eve and Eve
Marriage is between one man and one woman read your bible
ةةىىىى
you might want to ditch one of the hearts...just a thought
what does it mean to have equal rights?(it means to me that no one has privileges over anyone)  not special rights over others!
so who are u going to marry, please tell us his name...Michael?
yes, but congrats for we #LoveIsLove
i love u
totally agree at 60 married 2 new babies 3 older boys 6 step children love it
trying to insure equality of outcome is immoral
@remiofficial8 duc
c'est le king
LMFAO FUNNY coming from someone who flat out OPPOSED same sex marriage that is untill it was time to get some votes.
. Marriage liscense is only legal advantage. Bible only states a ceremony.
#lovemyPresident
Licensing and/or regulating BY State and/or Federal Government proof positive #LOVEISLOVE is op for more regulation & tax $!
@heathenslwt □¤
...there's a gigantic elephant in there...sir.
Thank you
let trump go out
Adorable
this is like 5 to 10 year defrence too. Becase its means in india relationship
Yea, and I love my dog.
if we cannot choose our life partner then how can we think we choose a democratic government. think &act positively.
真爱
@jim72182 I'm shock BO & HRC are not grand marshals to these colorful events. They both need to come out of the closet.
this is so wrong and ungodly.
@SammyQS Equality need Strength When Kindness Love Understanding Exchanges between Husband & Wife for betterment Give Respect
Đúng là anh rồi
U too R likeHillary, r a LIER CORRUPT LAWLESS,DID U FORGET, Uwork for the American ppl!Oh wait Muslim Udon't reflect sameVALUES
powerful present of the world
Sin is sin
Singapore is sin
correction: marriage equality is 1 year old in the US
smartass
Grammar Nazi
its not even grammar tho
It's
thank you for everything 
DITTO!!! For all oxox
Sin is sin. You have much to answer for someday.
You did a great job of destroying America morally& economically. Your tenacity has been remarkable & the result is  divided USA
For many of us we are still learning to be equal first class citizens and unlearning the social conditioning of the past
@BarackObama
@neginsh ha ! in ke gofti yani che ?
The god had created the ass-hole for one purpose,definately not for sex at all with all due respect Mr president!!!!!
Obama sends love? haha. best joke for this day, week, month, year.
Salam, Mr President love is love. Thanx 4 ur tym
marriage is between one man and one women beside it against nature, ask them to reconcile with nature!
http://mercura16.surinternet.com 
...just stop & just move out of AMERICA'S house already. Good grief. Your no better than @HillaryClinton & @realDonaldTrump
@BarackObama
ty for this dead subject matter, how about dealing the people that want to kill them or throw them off of buildings
But you allow fracking everywhere!?
equality is just a buzz word these days. True marriage equality should include polygamy too.
if by a long way to go, that includes polygamy, right? Why isn't polygamy part of marriage equality?
, do u think u r doing d right thing?
Jesus died for all. And He loves all. But, one thing He doesn't love is sin. All sin leads to eternal death. We all know this
Yes, but you put the seed and people who trust in it will take care of its growth to a colorful flower. #LoveIsLove
@BarackObama
WHAT IS GOOD IS GOOD, TO LOVE IS WONDERFUL, I STAY WITH *LOVEISLOVE, NO OTHER DIRECTION!
world can be done the same thing by love!!
and despite of United State with india, india couldn't made NSG group member.. strange na..
@ianaIexander i love u dad
sir i just want 2 know 1 thing chaina is boss of all country or what means everyone knows that u r d most powerful president.
Hey BO! So many challenges! Its where we grow strong! The best is yet to Come! Its all gonna PASS & be K!
but remember its against Holy Bible teachings. Its evil.
yes  ur correct
ADOPT ME
@glitterfreckIes I LOVE YOU
Wow, well, I hope african americans truly see how they have been duped!  A vote wasted!  The gay agenda propelled!
Very Nice
- Who says there is no equality in marriage? Not sure what you are trying to accomplish? Everybody is different and that is ok.
give us another four years man 
#LoveIsLove #LoveWins "Love is an invincible constructive force with High Morality Values, Deconstructive is Hatred". QQ
One does not understand the rise, Sir of the Caucasian race long ago and their stife for racial equality.An other,now 1st Amend
real equality is slowing every LGBT member their constitution right of defending themselves with whatever firearm they choose.
Yes, Sir, if my Dad had been alive to witness a man of color President, than he wouldn't have suffered during malpractice feath
@HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump We'll have equality when you and Michael both come out of the closet.
please don't leave
