he did nothing as an activist in Chgo...zero as senator and destroyed the middle class as Prez...LEGACY OF DISGRACE
my pleasure...keep up the great work!
Lie again Abastard!
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
you're the best!
President, the Lord, the Lord, the Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health, happiness, goodbye, goodbye, good morning, good night
@TroyRyanXXX  And increased the National debit by 100% to $20,000,000,000. Greater than all the presidents that preceded him.
lmao you obviously didn't look at the graph because debt is done per GDP. So
if he didn't spend the money back then the country would be I worse shape. Educate yourself before you comment!
so what exactly did we get or did he accomplish by spending $10 trillion? Kenesyian economics r a farce.
if you can't figure that out on your own then I'm not wasting my time to explain it to you.
It's capitalism or free markets versus the government trying to regulate our economy.look at Venezuela now
there has to be a balance between capitalism/free markets and regulation. You can't have companies doing whatever
they want to do without checks and balances
Where are you getting this? As our president, sending over a billion dollars to Iran where so many terrorists come from - Why??
Христос, да благословит вас , мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
According to the results we have here, you are the LIAR

This is such a BS statistic, how about adding more to the debt than every other president combined #Idiot @BarackObama
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда, Иисус
We were in a recession. Tax income was non-existent.
I beg to differ
Is "fiscal responsibility" really your party line? Vote HRC
Not Blacks employees at your DOJ (Marshals) involved in a 23 yr old class EEO case (Matt Fogg) you & AG Lynch refuse to settle.
Please settle the 2 EEO class actions against your DOJ's Marshals Service before you leave office. 22 yrs is too long Sir.
the 2 cases are the Matt Fogg case & Herman Brewer case. Both involve Black U. S. Marshals Service employees.
LIAR!!!
ki,
decent president ever
you have added $10 trillion to the national debt

@garywise1701 and grew debt to $10 Trillion and creating a McDonalds as a career economy.  thanks?
LIE, LIE, LIE!!! $10.6 trillion X .25 = $18.5 trillion. That's Obama math!
#oncrack
YES WE ARE!!!  THANKS TO YOU, PRESIDENT OBAMA!!
@OmarKelly How about the #NationalDebt
Great job @BarackObama you said #43 was unpatriotic for 10 Trillion. You doubled it. 
It's way harder to brag about these numbers...I am still spending more than we make, just not as much
people talk about getting guns off our streets, but no one has come up with a plan. How about a buy back & stop concealed guns.
Woman.. You are no better than HITLER!!  You subservient weak zombie!!
Dear sir we appeal you on international level declaired a terrorist country PAKISTAN in the World .
Total terrorist case organise Pakistan country ......so decided....a black listed in terrorist country in the World .
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
False.
“by Tyler Durden” 

lol ok
lol data from us gov
TOUR SUCH A LIAR
But not the debt...you reduced overspending...
Right.
Liar.
can we update our currency
thanks USA dad c:
Oh sure..
I like u dear Sir
@i2America Thank you Mr. President! For saving our economy, ACA, DACA, LGBT rights, for keeping class & integrity in our WH.
I don't know where you get your info!
President Obama, you saved us from another Great Depression, I am convinced! We aren't rich yet, but coming back GO HILLARY!
We're  going to miss you!!
Dang right! When you started as President I was driving a Toyota. Now I have a BMW 750Li!  Thanks Obama!
You are as delusional as you have always been.  You're not fooling anyone but yourself.
in your fantasy world where 'truth' is what you want it to be.
If everything is so great why do you constantly have to reminds us? We're the ones living under your boot #EO #bubbleboy
said ISIS, right?
And if you wish to know the curve of US poverty, you simply read the same chart, but from right to left
The worst president in our history.  Because of your supid middle east policy, millioms of people Christians died.
Thank you! How do some not see it?
not 8 years, deceptive
i just love you, Mr. President.
Indeed moving forward to a better tomorrow! Middle East is gonna be K 2! WWW! New World is Near!
If by "we" you mean "corporations" and "#banks" and "#fossil fuel companies" , I totally agree with you.   Thanks #Obama !
@luangviseth
Hey@realDonaldTrump this
is what you get when #FACTS
are involved
Maybe they can teach you Basic
Math in prison
you are right sir
..
     Sir aapke Dost Modi ji ne aaj Pakistan ko jabab diya .uski liye aapka bahut bahut shubha kamnaye.
bon président
you good man
je suis fier de vous. Vous sortirai en bon président. Votre prédecesseur est bonne aussib(cliton)
so excited we have an #islamic #Kenyan for pres wasting tax $ by & on graphs did u shutdown that illegal TX prison like I asked
No we are not. You are a lying POS. More people than ever on food stamps and out of work force. @CNN @FoxNews @LouDobbs
#FreeKashmir #KashmirBanayGaPakistan #SikhsDemandFreedom
https://twitter.com/neilturner_/status/781224665918439424 …
, And doubled our debt!!! Yeah, right!
you're a liar!
not so!
Courtesy of the budget sequestration
@BarackObama
One of the most successful and decent Presidents in modern history.
Let's just Google GDP of China
no sir you increased it by millions and millions of dollars. This is the most in debt we will ever be.
but somehow you've managed to double the debt. More than all your predecessors combined.
sence you took office our country is more fucked up then it's ever been before.
but it could have been a lot better. Oh well, another center-right leaning democrat. This shit is just as bad as Bush neo-cons
that's fine, but we are still 20 trillion in debt!  At some point we have to pay that back.
Thank you. Mr. President. We love you. May God  continue to Bless you.
Esto es lo que no les gusta al GOP, Russia, China y otros. Vía President @BarackObama: Estamos mejor de lo que estábamos hace ocho años.
You had the opportunity of a life time to end racial tension
instead you increased it. You bring Al Sharpton aboard to help???
http://www.usdebtclock.org 
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2015/jan/20/barack-obama/barack-obama-claims-deficit-has-decreased-two-thir/ …
Why after 4 Americans were killed in Benghazi did you campaign in Vegas and blame the attack on a video for over 3 weeks??
Why did my wife lose her insurance after 6 years have her deductible doubled and cost increase 20% in one year?
Say again? How about that national debt? VERY unpatriotic & reckless of you. That's what you said about GWB & you doubled it.
Better Off? You doubled the debt, let the JV team ISIL expand globally which caused the refugee crisis.
You refused to get involved in the Status Of Forces Agreement so you could withdraw our troops which caused a vacuum in Iraq.
How can you say we are better off then 8 years ago? My wife just lost her insurance because of you and I paid a 20% increase!
Of course, you are!,  and the rest of Washington, with your huge automatic pay raises.
Lie!
you mean it's doubled? To  $20 trillion DEFICIT, IN LESS THEN 8 YEARS. hmmmmmm.........
do you feel bad exaggerating your record all the time or do you start to believe it?
Our GDP is crap genius!  it's good to lies, damn lies, and politicians
LIES. Homeownership at 52-yr low. Obama doesn't count ppl as unemployed after 4 wks. Go to Gallop for real stats on jobs &econ.
Wow, good play. The majority of Americans are actually gonna believe that, they have no clue.
@CNBC @FoxNews Since Obama took office our national debt has grown out of control and GDP growth hasn't kept up. #VoteTrump
No doubt
Support financial independence programs that stimulates the economy.
so wait you triple the deficit then it goes down and that is an accomplisjment?
Bullshit!
Bullshit! Such bullshit. How's M-m-michael, btw?
come on back to the real world obama
hahahaha how does it feel having your veto overridden? Did you even notice on the course today?
ahahaha!!!!!  Your veto got overidden..... nya, nay na naaaah
okay another lie
Lol


Not that much of an achievement reducing the worst ever deficit that occurred at the peak of the 2008 global financial crisis.
How many zero's is 20 trillion? 
how is this relevant when you've doubled the National debt?
I believe he meant his family is better off than they were eight years ago.
LIAR

bullshit
This is so fabulous! Just so I've got ducks in row when I'm able to rattle off these stats w/Rep friends, what's the source?
why you just quit your lying we are not better off than we were 8 years ago
TRUE SUPPORTERS BELIEVE REAL STATICATICS, ALL DEPLORABLES WILL NEVER EXCEPT THE TRUTH, (ONE TERM PRESIDENT THEIR GOAL)
WTF are you talking about???? The DEFICIT is $$$$20,000,000,000,000.  How do you sleep at night?
lol LOVE THE SPIN ON THIS ONE. The debt is what, 19 Trillion. The DOD lost 6 Trillion. Once our tax base goes, we're fucked.
Policía en #EEUU mata a afroamericano https://actualidad.rt.com/actualidad/219899-policia-eeuu-disparar-afroamericano-comportamiento-extra%C3%B1o … I hope you not confused at @BarackObama
你好啊美国总统
nia yi go ji
good job barack now get out there and put your all to make trump pay for his insults and make hillary pres #bobcfor hillary
How many days until you're done?  Don't tell us everything is great when we are 20 trillion $ in debt. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Very tricky!
Please provide a chart with absolute numbers in $.
Besides, you need nothing to http://prove.you  were a good president.
well !!!! Republican still live in denial. #dishonestrepublican
can you please share the blueprint with our Afrikan Leaders? #highly indebted poor countries.
Thank you Me. President for a Great job! We will miss you!
we should put to public eyes Big& Bold.the facts since you took office. Deficit Employment $Fuel healthcare no new wars........
Rıza ZERAP üzerinden SN. ERDOĞAN'a komplo düşünüyorsunuz ama yine yağlı kazığa oturacaksınız bilin sn obama.. baydin'e sor..:))
Türk istihbaratı 15 temmuz'da başta cia-mossad-m15 ve tüm istihbaratları yağlı kazığa oturttu.. ajanlarınız elimizde biliyorsun
yes Sir, and you have done a great job and making the economy better Mr . President.
i don't think so SIR. we will be better off beginning Jan `1!
sevgiler.
We are going to be much better off by the end of the year with you out of office. You've ruined enough time for positive change
I wish he could run for president again, he's better than both Hillary and Trump combined
yes my man
At what cost? YOU CAN'T KEEP PUNISHING THE POOR & UNEMPLOYED FOR BAD TRADE & CORP ECONOMY RIGGING! #NOMOREAUSTERITY
on what planet
Doubling the debt is better off?? And extra $10,000,000,000,000 wow so out of touch
yes!
this is the lie of the century! If you believe this you have to be ignorant. I make less now than I did 5 years ago.
bullshit
Oh how quickly people forget the mess 'W' left our country in.
DEAR PRESIDENT OBAMA: I PRAY YOU TALK TO PUTIN & TELL HIM, YOU ALL AGREED TO STOP THE BOMBING,THESE BOMBS ARE KILLING CHILDREN!
حبيبى يا اوباما انا لى عندك خدمة الواد ابن اختى نفسه يسافر شيكاغو يا ريت تكلم لنا حد فى القنصلية يديه التاشيرةولكم الاجروالثواب
ي طحلبي
R u serious....better off. I don't think so!!!
U r better off. U earned $3.2M The rest of us make the same but with inflation higher taxes r worse off!
Cooking the books isn't cutting the deficit 
#LegacyOfLies
#HillaryForPrison
May the Trumps of this world acknowledge this and forever keep their peace
.@BarackObama @NYPDONeill @PreetBharara NYPD lied in DD5s my case https://t.co/H7cENjcTbn , Det Vergona violently threatened mew/ falsearrest
.@BarackObama @NYPDONeill @PreetBharara When is the Attorney General going to take action Eric Garner
.@BarackObama @NYPDONeill @PreetBharara Corp counsel lied NYPD IA no investigation lied in police reports refused meet me threatened coerced
where the fuq were you.....?
Yes, we are. Thank you for trying...in spite of the lack of support from the do nothing Congress.
MAKING MONEY HAS NEVER BEEN SO EXCITIN
Start trading now - https://t.co/A5jaDMvRWq 
except GOP fanatics won't admit fact only lies. Hillary "is a socialist'! Like u turned USA into Muslims! So frustrating
Because of this https://t.co/OLNFjeduxQ 
the people won't know what they had til it's gone
加油
