Huh? There's 95 million out of work and 52 million on food stamps. Yer numbers are all phony. #MAGA #MLHE
all you do is lie
#YouAreTheAntichrist
#IslamIsEvil
#AllahIsSatan
#MuhammadBurnsInHell
#JesusIsTheOnlyWay
#RepentBarry.......
Not with you as press you must in some kind of http://fantasy.Vote  Trump Obama and make America great.
Not true
that is less than the population growth of America so it is NO real GAIN in jobs  it is a loss
dear Mr president please help the people of Ghana.our country is corrupt with corrupt leaders.
It’s the economy of the capitalist class. Not the majority who are exploited and deprived by it.
Ha! Tell that to the unemployed millions looking for work. If employers can’t profit from employing more workers, they don’t.
not to mention the wage that pays just enough to keep us in debt
Yes off course you've wisely handled U.S Economy and safe from crucial inflation. You'll be remembered for this.
Trump won over 3,000 Counties all across the Patriotic fruited plains. 6 more weeks! Yeah!
@realDonaldTrump don't you forget this while you're out playing golf today Donny.
Most are part time and of non-living wage
this is laughable. 94 million jobless.
Tuko pamoja!!!
we have keep it going . Determination is the key to success
yeah, Trump is winning. 
lol, no Trump is actually 11 points behind in the polls. America is finally figuring out he's con. #ImWithHer
Amigo @BarackObama tweet hasn't fooled 76 M follow.Only 1175 retweets tells real pic. @realDonaldTrump sweeps Nov @Karan_naraK
Lol, I'm glad u think that. And Barack Obama isn't the one running for president.
Pride of US @BarackObama should campaign for 'her' 24/7.Remember #Brexit  @realDonaldTrump won't have to campaign to win. LoL
lol, you'll see in November when he has a mental breakdown because he lost.
You won't see that when He becomes President Trump! We will watch y'all have breakdowns because your to blind to see the truth
Poor babbling Susie has such terrible time thinking clearly. Even the voices in her head ignore her.
@cavedaddy420 LIAR, STOP LYING TO US YOU FREAK. WE ARE SICK OF YOUR BULLSHIT AND LIES. WE ARE NOT BUYING IT ANYMORE!
so what is the lie
more people are in poverty than ever Detroit is all but dead. But hey look there are more jobs than ever? #lies
jobs yes investments in growth of GDP no not all Why invest in Detroit what is the return on investment 0% intrest
because people live there and you ran the industry off. Its Obamas fault they are hurting.
their fault for NOT accepting responsibility for themselves to improve their station #NoNannyState #capitalism
can't wait til your life is affected by illegal immigrants. See how "capitalist" you are then. Open your eyes
thanks!
There are big reasons , For small men...
fucking lie
why lie so much? it isn't presidential. seriously, do you think all we Americans are that stupid? you live the life of Riley
go the distance till the last day Mr. President!
Millions more have been permanently discarded;
lost for 10 yrs; a generation; a lifetime.
#StopTPP
@cnnbrk So sad, Trump is not building a party.  He is building a Cult filled with bullying and prejudices! America is better!
But how many jobs are lost in the last 77 months? And how many of those 15 million still exists.
does the dem party really have to lie every time they speak? Not nice is it?
thats tru
-- how many jobs did the economy loose in the past 77 months.  #AmericaFirst #madeinUSA
: how long this hate crime will continue?
: as an artist if i loose my health and brain what is the use of this hate war?
: if you are ok to loose dilip kumar then what will you recieve nett?
: you have to close this now as we are down with no purpose of life?
: how shameful is this code of conduct for entire political class?
: we are getting down with no electricity food and basic healthy living condition for what?
: is this possible only for the no response or meeting with women i will marry??
: how long will i be living in black? This is the 4th day i m out of electricity and he still sleeping in ac ?
: this is the 4th month i m living with no food water and health care?
Ask new graduates about the e onomy:  there are no jobs....
all part time and government parasite jobs thanks to obamacare
This Prez has a Rough time telling the Truth.
HATERS gonna hate regardless of what you do. Haters love hate: Even where Love dominates for Good. Peace and love
Great work Mr President Obama.You brought USA out of the gloom and doom of what Bush and Republicans created.Peace and love
Great job!
Mr president, Beja of Tunisia calls you to urge American investors to invest in my hometown. Beja does need your nice help...
Yeah i get paid vaction i cant take, becasue i cant afford it, i pay a fine for insurence i cant afford, welfare peeps take all
How do you explain 94,000,000 people out of work and no increase in soc wages 4 of the last 7 years. But you made out.
Great job!  You will be a tough act to follow - thank you for all you do
well u know like I said before if the crimes go down everywhere they should legalize weed$$$ not the store bought though
Liar. If you and Hillary hadn't been Corrupt, maybe. I remember all the lies. Latinos only Obama
don't trust statistics you didn't fake by yourself
#can't a job!!!
My Wife is still looking???? We followed your advice. Two advanced degrees later. Still no Job for her???
Bravo my brother good work
This is excellent growth!  I know it will continue to grow.
U a still the man. Kudoz Mr President.
ESTO SI ES UN GRAN PRESIDENTE @VTVcanal8 @NicolasMaduro @ElNacionalWeb
now that's progress...
@POTUS FREE Leonard Peltier :)  U'll do good. :) my continued blessings.
haters gonna hate. I can't stand when people try to counter facts with feelings.
so true Sir, v have killed millions for oils, ruined others economy to impose US $, v print $ like newspaper,v sell arms 2 Trst
therefore, we need H Clinton To pursue What you have done
mostly part time and low paying.
this better can he'll other american kids people like me thank you lease answer if you can
resend questions certified I am older now got kids and some questions about case would love to fix and show govt to see if make
hi I've been writing since 2010 about my child welfare foster care case situation I sent some stuff direct mail should I
p
if this true? One reason is because your leaving office....
ईश्वर करे कि आप अमेरिका के तेबारा राष्ट्रपति बने ।
बहुत बहुत धन्यवाद 
आप ने जो अमेरिका वासीयो के कर दिया है वह काम अब तक अमेरिका का कोई भी राष्ट्रपति नहीं किया है
I'd like 2 say you are the best president. You do an incredible job. Thank you for your service and being a great role model
only POTUS unable to grow more than 3% GDP. Turd. 1/20/17. OMG can't wait til you're gone
yes Mr President
Yes, it has! Thanks to the hard work of all the GOP governors that brought jobs to their states! Like future VP  @GovPenceIN
I doubt it.

#fixthestats
good shit bro
Too many low paying jobs while companies send better paying jobs away with no restrictions or penalties - no responsibility.
good morning sir
오바마대통령   감사합니다
오늘은 "가도벽립"   을  가르쳐드리겠읍니다
뜻---   집안이 가난하여 살림하나 없이  사방이  벽으로  둘러싸여  있다는 뜻입니다
Cuz you said MAN!!!!
comeback? The energy industry is completely dead and this country looks like it's about to enter a recession!
:Republicans are always silent when good news like this comes out. Do Republicans enjoy seeing people suffer?
In school going into the fire department and find out I was being exploited and coercioned.  Wire me into the international SS
Set up, arrested, set up, jailed, set up diagnosed, set up hospitalized, set up 12 coercioned, set up exploited, set up torture
Being balded right now by the international space station.
Son of God
I'm sure there's a public sector with some expensive items you can steal like my 96 year old grandma's silverware.
Son of God
Because you stole the private sector.
Son of God
You have had Nothing to do with. ..Binging the economy back. Sat back for eight years and done nothing to help the US.
VOTE FOR DONALD J TRUMP OUR NEXT GREAT PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES !!!!!!!
yes great job Mr President
yo B, do da damn thing yo!!! $
and yet the deficit has grown, and you're known as the foodstamp president.
Tell your audience, the majority of them are low pay unskilled labor?That Americans are makes ng $4k less than 7 years ago?
SO VERY PROUD OF YOU SIR! THANK YOU!! AND YOUR WIFE IS AMAZING!
imagine how much better the private sector could have done if the government didn't keep interfering.
if this is true my math says the deficit is cut by two million at the least but that's not happening?
I want to know why you don't claim your WHITE side and why your wife is a racist?
I APPLAUD YOU, SIR
<< #lies
Lol!   The reason Obama uses months instead of years is because the notion is that 77 months sounds less than 6 1/2 Years!
My boy!!!
Thank you Mister President. ..and happy birthday!
Mr. Presidente!
THANK YOU Mr. President for doing an awesome job!!!
http://www.hudl.com/video/3/6756315/5721d6ba4df6124b7024af12 … you gone see
SALUTE to YOU&The 1st Family. YOU SHOWED UP&SHOWED OUT

#8YEARSofRESILIENCE
the numbers do not lie. Great stewardship over the economy!
print another $23 trillion you monkey
and flying monkeys live in the capitol dome
it frustrates me the haters refuse to acknowledge all the good you have done.
how many jobs has the private sector lost? You don't wanna talk about that huh? How many people not working?
good.humainity.thanks  obama sir.
Ha
well done, many blessing
to bad they've been minimum wage jobs. And limited benefits if any can be had.
great job Mr. President!!!!
that's remarkable n commendable
You are a job maker and traditions saver
if only the reputable economists realized this.
thank you Mr. President
Hurray  Thank you POTUS for your tenacity
I'm with her.
after ypu sent $400k to Iran? Uh yea okay.
you did great. It will suck to watch the nxt president take credit for the progress & momentum establish under your presidency
and how many jobs have the private sector lost in the past 77 months?
thank
bin
you did the best you can be happy Hillary will take care of the rest all the best.
Job well done Mr. President.
美国经济稳步回升,中国经济却前景不明,政治问题没有解决前,经济成为悬念
Congrats! Mr. President Barack Obama.
#Obama3rdterm
its very nice
Happy Birthday. You have made 100s of millions of people so happy being our President. Thank you.
politics aside my brother karibu masai Mara tourist range.
except when the FDA threatens the jobs of hard working people because of preconceived notions about vaping
your time is over karibu Kenya.
what a crock of Bull----!

when will come our day.... i m from india
Have YOU thanked the FED for its monetary policies that pulled the US out of the great recession?  I'll bet not.
:Good your economy coming back.Try to bring world peace back.Your aggression in Iraq-Afghanistan has destroyed the world peace.
not trying to say my potus is historically the best but we have had worst  Nixon Bush Jr Carter
we must elect Hillary to keep the momentum going.
August jobs 258000 V's 185000 estimate! I think September is a good time to hike intrest rate!
those are minimum wage jobs. Lost 20 million family sustaining jobs also. Moron
ur doing an awesome JOB!
@BarackObama
Thank you Mr. President for your leadership in face of daunting odds. Our economy is much stronger because of you.
how many are full time? What has happened to the job participation rate during that time?
Well thx divider in chief. You are a news source now? We also know they weren't added because of anything you did. Thats a fact
keep it up!
You have done a fantastic job these 8 years.
America knows that you paid 400 million dollars for the release of the hostages
You are the BEST President ever!  Thank you, sir!
wish you and the family the best on your retirement you are an amazing president 
But after working hard and raising 5 kids, and college, why isn't my COLA in my Social Security check!Just askingJersey Shore
Thank you Mr. President
HAHA IN YOUR DREAMS WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU SMOKING WORSE RECOVERY SINCE 1949, FOOD STAMPS FOR BLACKS UP 58%, MORE UNEMPLOYED ETC
POTUS you will be missed! Wish you, Michelle, Sasha and Malia all the best!
buen trabajo Mr.obama
part time jobs
Whom you consider is going to be a better US Prez- Hillary or Trump?
Really! US is doing great.
anybody that still supports you, has fucking bumped their head. Holy shit you're weak
I so wish you could serve another term!! Would love to meet you someday!! And I'm with her!!
NOT TRUE!!!
that's some pretty slow progress when you look at the actual numbers and opportunities you've had to work on this.
how many people have stopped looking, fuzzy math
Fantastic
