Thanks Obama
Barack lies with such EASE, doesn't he! Second nature
It must be fun being as delusional as you are
I like how we're paying for air force one for him to campaign for crooked lying Hillary. Amazing.
You’re talking to the wrong person here lol. I support your crooked lying Hillary
like I said wrong person. Hell will freeze over before you can convince me of anything
I don't WANT to convince you of anything. We need lunch time entertainment.


@realDonaldTrump don't you forget who deserves credit for this economy. Not you Donny. 
Ten cent, (.10) ten penny's that cant buy ten pennys candy not $10 lolz... still cracking uuuuuup lmbo! Taxes on one bag of chips that cost $1.49 smh and he bragging... please take 2 seats!  
I LOST my job in 2011, took 9 months to find a new job, & I was forced to take a $30,000 pay cut.  THANKS FOR NOTHING!

Thaks Obama
That's what I'm talking bout...
Jobs In October; Wages Rise By>>> .10 Cents <<< WOW! AWESOME 
Wow at the end, but good to see. People lost homes and everything due to jobs going out of our country and communities the last 8yrs. Sad 4 many! The power of Executive Orders neglected...  #AfricanAmerican #SlaveDescendants #NotImmigrants #ForcedToComeHere
obviously more of your lies. We will soon have a President that truly love this country and it's people. No more hatred.
You line and thief
You lie
Working your people to the bone I see, while you get to go on vacation whenever you want...jokes...The REAL Antichrist is coming soon.
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982895668363714560 … 7448
Printed in U.S.A
Click URL: https://goo.gl/WrBGCf  
Click URL: https://goo.gl/WrBGCf  
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time
…
Jobs In October; Wages Rise By>>> 10 Cents <<< WOW! AWESOME
Sorry i made a mistake i cerote se and i won yo Salid se.
There nuff to blow you up on it oning
real growth is when Reagan added 1 MILLION jobs in just one month. #MAGA
Reagan did NOT add 1MM jobs in one month. Sorry to burst your bubble.
I know it's the telephone strike argument but even if you remove them it's still nearly 700,000 jobs in 1 month. Beats B.O.
No. 700k returning strikers leaves 300k jobs for 9/1983. Good, but nowhere near 1MM.
is was well over  1 million.
Thanks @realDonaldTrump
j4dbhr
I want merchant navy job ty cmplted
wat a role model
We will forever remember your history around the world
This is from muslim countrys !! Play now guys like u want u have the ball now! But it will be not 4 ever ! Believe me! Good luck for now
That's just enough to cover all the illegals  that snuck in this month lol Pat yourself on the back
ROTFLMAO!!!
YOU BACK IN THE CHOOM GANG, DUDE????  U R HIGH!!!
Hi
Dear Barack Obama , question - are those the wages of the employees actually doing work or the wages of the ones playing golf ?
i dont think your black i know your black sort of
bless me man i dont want malia i want chloe ok man its better to see me as this only 12 inches ok man i thought about abram ok from the KJV
And also thank you for allowing 90% of our recovery since the 08 crash go to the 1%. Just how the common person likes to be treated
More Obama and Demonicrat lies. I'm still making the same amount as when you took office. So where are the wages up?
Minimum wage.
Amigo Obama,en pocos meses el mundo verà la diferencia ! ! !
Remember when we had a president who always had good happy news for us
Courtesy is as much a mark of a gentleman as courage.
No thanks to you
@BarackObama @NPR
good work sir
Thxs sir ..
What a gaan Mr.President.... Thanks for all the time you invested, for NOT quitting on the Nation and the People, most of all for being YOU.
Another pile of OBAMA LIES.
Bla, bla, bla.  Lie after lie after lie.U couldhave shownthe black& whitepeople an upstanding personbut money 4 bribes 2 strong
thank you
bailout and give big business money when there's so many people in poverty, an look at your pockets, living high on the hog.
don't see it and the disabled, elderly,veterans are in poverty.
yeah right
@ShebaRiddle5 Thank You Mr President!
If anything is making the economy create jobs it is @realDonaldTrump fool. You know that. Why you post like it is your doing?
Trump added more in ten days than you had in years
Social Security Disability up a miserable 0.03% What will I do with the extra $3/month - food or medicine? All up >0.03%.
Sr. Obama, es muy triste que USA tenga un presidente como Donald Trump, Ud. ha llevado muy bien la política de los USA
Do i care
. Two thumbs up
All lies. Who has these jobs? NOT Americans. U brought in Millions of Muslim REfugees &gave them first priority 4 jobs&welfare
so glad President Trump is bringing REAL FULL-TIME jobs back to America!
then why are 93 million adults not employed in the U.S. ?   #skewed stats
And guess who wants to take credit for it...
Haw Haw Haw what a joke a>>h>l> Yea Haw tell us another joke that was a good one.
You might be able to fool the no brain snowflakes, but you will never fool us true americans, go back into your hiding place .
For 1 thing you forgot the ones that ran out of unemployment, or the ones that can not get a full time job only part time now.
but how many jobs were loss compared to the ones gained or the temp jobs they became so no benefits or retirement you sold out
WHAT PLANET R U ON???
lit
good
Trump will always try to take Obamas credit! Just go to http://Obama.org  for the real truth!! Or follow meGotcha
gd pls com to help thailand tks
It wasn't because of you but Trump
too bad those jobs were part time jobs as an effort for employers to not have to buy your unaffordable health care
yet for most of the years you was president, I civilian fed employee didn't get a cost of living raise.
2.8%? My grocery bill is up more than that.
your missed every day
I am god. I want you to save my children. I want you to help my children.
Liar i thought when you were pick you would make the black people proud but all the ones i talk to are ashamed of you
non thanks to you
while illegals took my husbands constuction bid because he pays no taxes like we do.  Geeze
part time jobs or temp jobs
only because Trump was coming! 
Wrong that's why Dems lost. That number is so wrong. Ppl not counted. Or all PTO jobs WE KNOW you lie. Fixed polls
housing prices  up 40% and everybody has screwed up credit from the criminal banks oh I forgot we can all move the Detroit
Also give up your healthcare an get signed up for the Obamacare you think we need, see how you like your premiums AH
why don't you give up your MILLIONS and try living on the wages you think the rest of us should be living on.
The only thing you added was America money in your pocket and foreign Bank Account
bull crap
the economy did not even make 2% growth. You are inept
too bad the jobs cant support a family with their pay grade,
