more video watch https://goo.gl/MlPgN2 
You stonewalled both houses on item after item. Now you don't like it being done back. Get over yourself.
Mr. President, Please Vet Paul Mannaford and Stop the hacking and end the siber war on this campain
Heh...this Prez doesn’t give two cross and is tone deaf.
true Mr President
As a senator you argued to do exactly what Republicans are doing. Your a "Do as I Say" president.
if Hillary wins in November and the Senate confirms him you will pull his nomination so you can put in somebody more liberal
Republicans are paying dearly for their lack of cooperation now!
@BarackObama
You mean they were for it before they were against it? Did you steal that from Kerry? #DoYourJob
It ain't gonna happen POS! U are not choosing the SCOTUS and neither is Killary. Trump will choose a patriot not a traitor.
As you know Barry, everyone is waiting for the next President. Is this news to you? So why all the tweets
Do what u were elected for
http://www.dailywire.com/news/3387/flashback-obama-tried-filibuster-bushs-supreme-aaron-bandler …
McCain is stalling the vote on Merrick Garland?  Seems like a hissy fit since he lost the election.  So mature!  Not.
Wow
low.
yet you're ok with backing crooked Hillary for President
no thanks. America wants Trump to choose the best justice. We don't want or need another liberal puppet.
We see right through u
blocked nominations before you worthless sack of shit, report that you Democrat Party Hack
had to share this on my site. Thank you! http://rbl.ms/1Ag1rup 
Protect US you damn fool. What is wrong with you?
lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up!
they are doing those job.  If they indict both Obama and Hillary they will be doing better
Find out what you can do to stop the waste!, http://easycolorexpress.com 
, I pray for you and your family everyday. For all that you have to deal with, on a daily basis. I pray that you continue to
@BarackObama
the Republicans have an excellent history while @TheDemocrats do not!!!
don't give up
@BarackObama
oky wa ku farax sanahay arintaas barak obama
They're concerned re his record of decisions since then, & the greater judicial law-making power he'd have. Heaven forbid!
请关注下中国泛亚，政府诈骗，践踏人权
The GOP Is Showing the World What Racist Place America Truly Is
you are good baarck
Help sir, please send my help request to Indian prime minister Narender Modi Ji. Bharti  jodhpur India
No way I love it!! Ahaha ha!
What`s happening is that the Republicans has amnesia or  urgently need one, otolaryngologist,
to do the job, can be deaf ear!
whine whine whine do you want some cheese to go with your whining
a lot of things can change in 20 years. Nominate @Judgenap the only true liberal around. He'd piss off your donors so u won't
I once again checked, still no requirement in constitution to add another judge.
Recall this!, http://easycolorexpress.com 
- Sad they refuse to do their job, yet still get paid with public money!!
Please have the justice department bring suit against Congress for reasons mentioned plus obstruction of government.
Garland has a great employment  case against Congress for the way they have mistreated him and discriminated against him...
a very merry unbirthday to you, Mr. President! Love you!
you will died
Mr. President, it is about who you are. # Black President. # Block you at all costs.
Why did you just side with big corporations AGAIN!  We should have the right to know if GMO's are in our food.
Wow
Didn't you support Bernie Sanders?Why all of a sudden do you support #CrookedHillary ?

#BernieOrBust
how could you sign Dark Act? Republicans, democrats? Does it really matter?you made more difficult to feed my family. Sad sad .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aTFThB8D4M …
we don't trust you Obama
Radars Nuts,ReHbTerros,Sonstreet,NewOutsdBuckAdvisedLtBeer,GaveMyLast $DelverceHills
JojoArp Gottum,But Jr's Feet,He WokeUpWithOutThem,DuanesDisaperdToo,TheyNeedITAsurns
Mr president you signed the shameful GMO Dark Act into law. I am a Democrat you just broke my heart. I AM AT A LOSS. no logic.
You OBUMMER are UNACCEPTABLE!!!
NO TO Garland!!! Garland is an ANTI 2nd Amendment Liberal who will take away MORE of your FREEDOMS!
@BarackObama
Also #DoYourJob #DOYOURJOB!!!
How low can you go?! #UNFAIR
Turkic blood in my  veins is a gift from ALLAH to me !
There is no difference ! We've the same blood with Huns,Gokturks,Avars,Seljuks,Timurids,Ottomans......
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
İs there any power to stop new rising Turkic age ? Turkey and Turan will lead the world again ! Turks the Guards of Justicia
辛苦了
wah wah wah wah wah
they are doing their job they are preventing you from destroying the Supreme Court
You are best president any country in the world would ask for, we love you, not matter how much the blocked you, YOU ARE WINNER
Hugging Hillary was just flat vulger.  YOu looked like you were hunching on her
Yea and we can depend on them being honest. Nothing you do is the truth or honest. Just like Hillary
When leaders are no longer beholden to the people who elected them, corruption results.
release dr. Aafia Please!
#free_afia
@aafiamovement
观海再见
biggest disappointment in presidential and progressive hisotry.  I hope your handlers are happy. http://www.rollcall.com/news/politics/despite-convention-jeers-obama-to-continue-trade-push …
@BarackObama
obama how are you , why you didnt answer me ? 
Good for them but tough shit!!!! Obama is not appointing any SCOTUS justice. Get over it
@HillaryClinton times change huh? Or is it money?
@arianna8927 Garland was a Clinton appointment that got strong GOP support as a repub jurist.
Have you bought the fans？
OH those FAKE FIGHTS! ,we love-um, http://easycolorexpress.com 
远在中国的人民向您问好
devletime  ihanet eden köpeğimizi bize teslim etti  cek elini devletimin üzerinden
.  Recep Tayyip Erdoğan  Don't fetö! Fetöyü geri verin utabmazlar
Dance for the dems
@BarackObama
you are the great sir
SCOTUS is a flawed concept. Really, why should a Black Man like me be concerned? #ConstutionalRevisionist
One  Senator is mine. He needs to be voted out! His campaign was against career politicians & now he is one. He needs to go!
new campaign "vote Obama for a third Term the best option"
never going to happen. Ever. Start packing. You've done enough harm to the country. #failedpresidency #neverhillary #no3rdterm
That's the politics of obstruction.
dear mr presidenI why won't you tweet the average person ?
Those 6 GOP senators aren't even willing to give Garland an UNfair hearing!  #VoteBlue #ReadyForHillary #ClintonKaine #DNC
voting matters... if these senators do not want to do their jobs... they should not continue to have a job.... vote 2016 on!
shut up
Obstruction must end, Mr. President. But the show must go on!
, I think Hillary Clinton is a better choice than noise maker trump.
the world is looking up to you to take a stand on the ongoing massacre of unarmed Biafrans by terrorist Buhari.
do your job for once, oBummer. #ElectionFraud
what changed,he must be given opportunity to serve in Supreme court for he qualifies.Let him be judged by his character.
as big brother and a symbol of democracy across the World,Congress should do its job not deny Garland opportunity to be heard.
President Obama. Listen!! Just keep leading the country. I know you need a break, but clearly we need you.
- "The Clintons keep the truth from black people, Hillary is trying to steal America". - Herman Cain
US exports to China in 2015 $116+/- Billion.US imports from China $483 Billion. The difference is what your kids/grandkids pay!
This will ultimately be part of the Republican's undoing as a political party. They continue to become more and more extreme!
President Obama just signed a bill to ban states from requiring clear GMO labels on food. We have a right to know.
DO YOUR JOB SENATE!!! OR YOU WON'T HAVE A JOB IN NOV!!! VOTE DEMOCRATIC!!!
► 1:05
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jd_tsrd5cZY …
their job is to appoint who they feel is right for the job though....
You cannot be trusted to make a decision that is in the best interest of Americans, that is why no one supports you now, at all
Sayin @BarackObama feto denen kargayı besleme oyar gözünü sonra Eyvah para etmez ...
how
. McCain and buddies,, shit can them all
@OFA @SGYYOGARAJAHH  NOW NOT FOR PARTY ,  BUT  FOR JUSTICE, BUT THE SENATE Failing to do their job is not fair for DIGNITY OF S
just want to say "thanks" for 8 great years.will miss your integrity and intelligence.praying for good outcome in election
I can't begin to know how these senators look in the mirror and not crumble with shame.
@BarackObama
Hungary PM blisters EU: Muslim migration “increases terrorism & crime” and “destroys national culture” https://www.jihadwatch.org/2016/07/hungary-pm-blisters-eu-elites-says-muslim-migration-increases-terrorism-and-crime-and-destroys-national-culture …
update me please on the mandatory minimum bill ???
https://youtu.be/K6BZPH9xUPA  see Syrian citizens confirm that they don't host Al Qaedah, So why US still support killing them?!
speak mr president.... address the Union
this is awesome that they won't appoint a lame duck
they will nominate him at warp speed when Hillary is elected
those pesky senators, just toss away the constitution and do what you want like with Hillary's indictment and election fraud.
