 What exactly are you trying to accomplish?
do you support capital punishment? What about healthcare? Do you believe children are only important while they're in utero?
so you do agree that they ARE children when I utero! We're making progress
Kamala
As ur bisness reptshon and modenashon
Michelle should've ran against Trump. She would of won no doubt.
.that's being completely dismantled by the current administration.
That’s a Muslim symbol...obama is handing out the poison kool-aid
No Repeal improvements & standing up to ins co & pharmaceutical companies is sadly our mountain to climb.
राष्ट्रपति ओबामा सुंदर, हैलो, आप, सुप्रभात, नमस्कार, शुभ रात्रि, तैयार, हे प्रभु, भगवान बुद्ध, ईसा मसीह, तुम्हें आशीर्वाद दे ,,
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 ,, 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
figures you just want to make money. You don't believe anything you say. See you in prison. Obamygate
Ñññ
Hey Mr. Obama! I would like to thank you for everything you have done for this country. My mom absolutely adores you & ms. Michelle I hope not being the president anymore is going well (even tho we all miss you being in office!) Have a great day!!
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
Dear Mr President-Even though you seem like a good man i fundamentally disagree with you on many issues.I'm sorry about that.
I never received my car magnet in 2008 can I get it now?
Barack Obama your God's best
Happy Easter Family

Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
wish you were still my President
, Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,,平安,健康,快乐,再见
You spelled "Already Won" wrong.
sir, I don't believe he was trolling you. I believe he was stating his free opinion. Like this "You stink, sir" #opinion@womeldw
Ur fucking up and look at sarrya cuz it sire
,, शांति, स्वास्थ्य, खुशी आशीर्वाद, अलविदा
why do all the people in the Democratic Party look so odd? I'm just asking. Pelosi Hillary obamys schumer franken. Scary
I've never seen this country so defeated. You have ruined our country. Don't blabs the race card. It was you and you alone.
a movement that set us back decades, spent more then all other Presidents combined, slowest economic growth,divided nation
I will NEVER wear that shirt! It reminds me of the worst 8 years of my life!
can you promote this while you are president
: Hey, you're aren't egotistical! Hence, your extraordinary efforts to invalidate election results!! You can't stand to lose!
@JennAnnCrosby hmmmm
@BarackObama2Day@B. @Jackie11
EVERYONE, especially African-Americans, should exercise right to vote http://www.infoplease.com/spot/bhmjustice4.html … THEY DIED FOR IT!!!
lots of left over shirts huh? Not surprised
Progress? Standing Rock? #NoDAPL

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10153572930182255&substory_index=0&id=227301997254 …
liar
we're going 200 years back with the unnecessary military force being used against Water Protectors in ND! Pre-Treaty Days! HELP
I thought it was the Pepsi logo:)
Progress??  Keep telling the same lie and sooner or later they will believe it.   Hell, you don't even believe it.
the mark of a conman.
WOW, 8 yrs. and leaving our President still gets no respect, the hate in ppl heart, sad God keep him & family in your care Amen
a movement in the wrong direction
@Solutioneer72 You are a liar! A fraud! Impeach and arrest
progress?? What progress???? #idiot.
I have a yellow shirt like this with emblem from 2012. You are a great President I will miss you Michelle & girls
in a world with such hatred you've done well young man God bless you and your family.
You have no more movement. People are leaving you posters out by the trash.
Is the Ex-First Lady going to be a golf widow?
Yep folks take a trip to the past with Obama pre Presidential T-shirt Collection. Remember the good ol' times B4 he was Elected
yess we can
Trump Rules!   Trump for The People...Making America Safe Again!
Mark of the beast, lol.
that's the mark of eight years of failure! You've done nothing but destroy this country! Strong work
Need a dislike button over #Obamacare

#ObamacareFail
Progress?  Dishonesty, Corruption,  collusion,  election law violations, health care fines, fomenting unrest?  Please-no more!
ji namaskar ji apka kam vary vary good ha
why have you not quit your job.  3% raise in ssi but 25%  increase obummercare. Hmm semms about right for you
democrats destroying USA
Progress? Really?
US can not dominate the world @BarackObama
@LeBryanJames lol
so far I've lived through 10 presidents. YOU were the most productive president even with all the unnecessary resistance. TY48.
@billmaher thank you again for leading our country with dignity & intelligence. You must do "Real Time". Huge supporter of Dems
you think ypir funny saying"atleast Im a President on that Twitter response. You are tge worse and darkets President weve had
failed!!
progress?  I suppose if doubling the national debt and mismanagement of tax dollars was your idea of progress.
Love my president!!!
THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU SO MUCH for what you've done for our country. God bless you and your family.
You are the BEST ! Thank you !
DN is a jack___.
yes  we can
Progress?  We are Native American.  Where are you?
do away with death penalty if you are pro-life
Hawking Obama memorabilia now?
Most of us have no fond memories of the past eight years.
hahahaha ha! Wait... He's serious...
ok
thanks for your serving our country you are a great leader Mr Barack Obama thank you .
666
,you have done a great job during your 8 year tenure besides being blocked by Republicans on so many occasions.
you have made no progress. your time is almost up.. thank goodness.  WORST PRESIDENT IN HISTORY !
Must have missed way to much in the last 8 years, has been NO progress except raising costs of goods and racial unrest
I love u u r the best President EVER

@DimitriNosarev So if a woman is in a pregnancy both the baby and the woman will die in, she should have to go on with it.
YES!!!!!!  Love You! God bless!!
We already miss you and your wonderful family. Thanks for your service
thanks for your service and I'm proud of you and your family
Lovely Symbol, lovely shade of gray... Dibbs!!!!
Who in their right mind would want to walk around with a bloody blue Cheerio on their shirt? It's the sign of a liar and thief!
the mark of our country is the flag, not your contrived logo hiding your diabolical plans behind Red White and Blue
awesome you will be missed. Pay little attention to the trump haters. They ate pathetic mess of deplorable.
Hey @BarackObama  - heard about the new champion of HOPE and CHANGE in America? His name is @realDonaldTrump !
Who would have thunk it? that the candidate of HOPE & CHANGE @BarackObama would go down in history as the most CORRUPT US pres.
Love the t-shirt
can someone please investigate what type of Trump Corp health benefits provide vs. OBAMA CARE and ee's enrolled?
I think you have been an inspiration to all of us, sane ones! I admire you and your impressive family!
ummm no thanks
Dimitri you sound like a good man. To stop abortion promise a woman to personally adopt her baby and to be good dad.
Mr. President we are grateful for all you have done for this country. We are watching you and we are happy and thankful.
Boy Mr.President, I didn't know all the hatred against you existed, especially over a t-shirt.
yes send me my T-shirt....size 2XL
you are a joke !!! Obama care is getting dumped by all the insurance companies, ohh and for The Poor like me no Insurance!joke
you mean failed progress with healthcare? Broken promises
no thanks. I can't press the delete button on the last 8 years, but I don't have to vote for 4 more. Disappointed to the max.
wear do we buy?
And we will continue to make progress together with Hillary in the white house and the majority in both houses.We will miss you
Folks can certainly criticize without cause. I for one am better off and the students at Hogan Prep in KC are better. Blessed
...... Thanks you will truly be missed
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for all you have done for our country, Mr. President, your amazing!!
don't let Joe leave the White House please
no SIR you have NOT listened to we the people. not once!
please don't leave us with Hillary and DonaldI beg of you
Awesome.
a tee shirt for 8 yrs big deal ur a joke we are worse off now than ever
love you President Obama Your The Best
what progress? More debt? higher health care premiums? Government distrust? What progress do you speak of?

you have more support than you really realize
Great work keep it up
#LyingPresident

Yes, we can.
***Supporting you for Eight yrs..You never met on India visits...No msg acknowledged...! Not good Dear Mr Obama...!
Thank You Mr. President for 8 yrs of service progress & recovery. I C the results. I am living proof of life better now.
you can't call it progress when it's worse than before
You lied to us telling us you knew nothing about her home server and emails.
no
why did you lie about Clintons email server what are you trying to cover up
we will wait paitently for your response. Whoever handles the tweeta. Please let him know.The kids are waiting in Alabama.luv K

we are in Montgomery Alabama.   The kids ask all of the time. " Ms. Thomas didbthe president contact you back yet?" lol.
