Good ideas...keeping up...
by 2030????   Thought the planet was supposed to be "dead" by then???  #thelifeofapolitician
believer fan?no wonder u like Obama Justin bieber?
It won't do a blasted thing to the climate and you know it.
hey Boi its me (0) h.a
absolutely agreed. Thanks, mr president Obama!
@BarackObama

LOOOOOOOL nibiru will come before this with many years it will come between 2017-2020 .. say the thruth to the world ..
كل عام وانت بخير
sure clean power? Just like you said you wouldn't sign the dark act? Nothing but a lier
so like is this happening
Meanwhile China and other countries don't care and cheat and American companies are saddled with more expense & regulation
yes we need it.
all the acronyms hard to keep up but no more important that this one The OIC
how about fixing the health care we can't afford
And create more regulations/more taxes on those that actually pay them. God is in charge of th climate while HAARP destroys it!
America doesn't want clean air. We want good paying jobs and hope for the future of our families. Not your BS.
That's progress
and jobs by 13%
ma vatte a dermi'
Thank you President Obama for caring great Job !
AND PUT MILLIONS OUT OF JOBS
My brain being controlled by satellite. I was attacked by satellite laser
whys are we not pushing carbon emissions on China? We can walk around the US without a mask on! Penalize them!
Thanks @BarackObama Just a few other points on what you have done to #ActOnClimate #GoSolar @ThomasB00001
We're cutting pollution and raising utility bills for taxpayers as a result while countries like Brazil are a cesspool....
i need contect u plzz sir sent me contect plzzz
how r u sir
hi
thanks for caring about what is left of the Earth for future generation #hugatreetoday
felicidades para el presidente de los pobre k el señor lo cuide y proteja siempre
@realDonaldTrump Are you serious? Parking airforce 1&2 would save us all!
the best plan ever , we appreciate the plan
Happy birthday to you Sir.
Ill believe it when I see it when trees are needed posthaste to reverse the damage #climatechange is doing to our  people
@BarackObama
All good but what about tree reforestation to absorb the carbon instead of having to reduce CO2 emmits by god it will happen
We could do so much better than that...
happy birthday Mr POTUS love you Brother
Happy birthday president Obama
happy #HappyBirthday 
Happy Birthday @POTUS
hole in the ozone closed by 1.5 mill sq mi since 2000. Yet it keeps getting hotter.
yet we continue to shut down numerous #nuclearpower stations across the nation. The largest #carbonfree energy source available
maaaantaaap.....!!
There so busy coercioning people to masturbate up in space there having orgies with master check.
Son of God
The FBI are so busy accepting hundred million dollar increments that attempting to kill me is a daily task force for Barack.
Yep, we`ll all be on foot,scrounging for food. The climate change needed is no more liberals in it.
Happy happy birthday Mr. President!
Imperfection now perfection.
Son of God
You have been sentenced to 30,000 years to be burned until you no longer exist.
Son of God
Mr. President you are the only human ever in the history of the universe to torture another person since his birth. Only one.
interesting
I haven't even started puberty yet.
Son of God
there and stay alive
Son of God
I am nine years old and I got to watch Naked Women have sex for so many hours I vomited with the thought that I had to go in
Come unto me Mr. President.
Son of God
He says hes glad he refused that seat because he wouldn't want to force a child to masturbate for profit!
Son of God
Maybe you can jack him off Mr. President. Colonel George Kenneth Rubel Retired and still winning Wars you criminal.
For GOD
SoG
My grandfather a war hero in the battle of the bulge 740th Tank Battalion.  Go Army!
Son of God
Steal that charity Mr. President.  You like to steal an old ladies silverware who was the Colonels wife.
Son of God
Donate to the boys and girls club of America.  Or my charity Adversity for Courage.
Son of God
You want me to do what???
Jack off Mr. President.  Okay, I will pull my Weiner out for you.  Let's get a charity involved and
@BarackObama
to all nerves in body and subsides pain in all of the anatomy.
Son of God
on the backs of business I am sure.
An erection subsides headache, chemical introduced to neurological system sends signal to central nervous system sends signal
Respond to that Mr. Criminal.  Connected to my entire family and killed my mother.
Son of God
1 program a man kills himself
Son of God
Somebody else.  A headache so bad a mans eye balls pop out of their skull.  300 programs
Son of God
This President put a hole in my brain connecting to my auditory cortex so I would hear technology.  For me to shoot myself or
Then why did 17 countries connect to my spinal cord?
Son of God
Sodomized me with Technology, inserted technology into my penis.
Son of God
I'm in your Constitution and they erase my memory hundreds and hundreds of thousands of times.
Son of God
Intelligence Label.  I just know.
Son of God
Your President!
Son of God
This President used NASA admin and the Phoenix PD to install a device in a void of my house to electrocute me over 60,000 times
I'm in your Constitution. And they erase me memory hundreds and hundreds of thousand times
Son of God
The President connected my neurological, central, respiratory, cardiovascular, and muscleskeletal systems to the ISS
Son of God
Connected my central, neurological, respiratory, cardiovascular, muscleskeletal systems to the International Space Station
SoG
Kenneth Vawter Google plus posts for four years
Son of God
37 billion assaults, over 70 % of my hair gone by being burned off by electricity, and 17 times to ER for refusing to smokemeth
This President forces me to have an injection every two weeks.
Son of God
This President used local law enforcement to set me up, arrest me, jail me, diagnose me, hospitalize me, and smoke meth.
SoG
The phoenix police department continue to removed my posts.
Son of God
This President is blinding me and balding me to masturbate, smoke meth and watch pornography.
Son of God
This president purchased my trust and changed the interest rate on it so they can pocket the rest.
Son of God
This administration stole and replaced everything I own so they can have a yard sale in front of the White House
Son of God
This and administration tried to kill me using the ISS for eight years, forced me to smoke meth for eight years, and masturbate
The ISS is being used to murder for profit for the Obama admin, NASA admin, United Nations, and AZ.
Son of God
I'm being blinded, balded, sexually assaulted, coercioned to masturbate, smoke meth, and watch pornography.
Son of God
This President has to use the ISS to assault me because he has no balls and can't explain to the World he tried to kill me.
SoG
more lies
This President has been known to whistle while he works.
Son of God
His administration stole his Lincoln Navigator and gave it to him on Presidents Day.
Son of God
The only way this plan works is because he is going to steal the carbon pollution so he can smoke it out of his dick.
SonofGod
언제나  팔로워하고  따르겠읍니다
Happy Birthday To The BEST President! Thank You for all you have done over the years! 
Peace.
Not  clean  power   it is  dirty cheating  power
our country is ruined by Barack and Hillary it probably never recover, is destroyed economicly and unsecure, is sad
the worst president ever, he destroyed USA economy and flooded the country with illegals and Muslims that s so bad unbelievable
Only Captain Planet can bring pollution down to 0. Too bad he's not running for president.
 World Real hero president of America all world people'syou're happy birth day wishes crore millions 
قاتلك الله يامن تعبث بدماء المسلمين
wish it was 2020!
best news I heard today
you ve had 8 yrs
you are be on amazing you are a god 
you are the best you my idol i will always support you if i could i would vote for you over and over
Happy Birthday Mr. President. Proud of all you done!
POTUS stalling as usual at press confrence!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR PRESIDENT!!! Americans were Blessed to have You as Our President and most of all a Role Model!!
how much will he be pocketing?
there is a huge encroachment of industries, population, trafic nd blabla without controlling of all u will never be a sucessful
happy birthay friend pressident of word of México
From a Canadian fan, Happy Birthday Mr President.
سيدي الرئيس هل ممكن تسليم من بنسلفانيا الى ترك لتخفيف الضغط ولردع الفتنة ومن أجل تحسين العلاقة
I hope you get to enjoy your birthday drama free 
False profit. This is a hoax. Let's get the coal miners and steel back to work.
مشروع أختراعي من دون صوت ومن دون وقود ومن دون دخان وطاقة نظيفة يمكن تشغيل طائرة وسيارة وأنارة منزل ويمكن بديل للغاز والوقود
happy birthday!  Best president ever!
happy birthday Mr. President  it was such a pleasure having you for eight years I wish you could do eight more 
gd evening sir
Yes and happy birthday mr president !!!!!!!!!
You're a great man and a great president Mr Obama.
Can't thank you enough for@Obamacare#loveyou bro
let's try for 50% at least! 100% is what we should all strive for. #RenewableEnergy
the planet comes first
It is still not good enough.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. PRESIDENT!!!
and my husband looses his job GOD is in control of what happens to this planet & when it happens
lmfaoooooooo lmaooooooo Obama Obama your a comedian!
doing 100% right off the bat would ricochet badly
Happy Birthday. to an amazing man! I wish you a beautiful day and a great upcoming year.
.  Happy Birthday to the most amazing president who has accomplished so much workout the help of congress.
Happy Birthday to our President! @BarackObama
Happy Bday Mr president .
the clean power plan is something you put in place to put Americans out of work and make them dependent on the government.
Hilary best on the American side Hillary success
What about the fight against poverty, here, and in South Africa?
ever here  torture international law the Constitution of the United States bill of  rights
hbd
The only clean air will come when this nincompoop is gone!  The WORST president EVER!
Happy birthday, Mr. President! Have a wonderful day.
And cripple the economy
happy birthday obama sir
Happy birthday Mr. President
why can't Michelle just run for president :(
what about the remaining world, you people placed highly toxicated industries to the other & poor parts of the world Stay Clean
not gonna happen buddy
Obama's Clean Power Plan is a ton of government regulations that rob Americans of jobs and lines his pockets with money!
becuase controlling the climate is the gateway to controlling the people!
happy birthday
Happy Birthday!!! desde Argentina
Happy Birthday Mr. President. Have a nice day
Great president of America happy birthday to you
buon compleanno happy birthday  tour mather borned a very good son good  lucky
how about a power to the people plan? #EndTheDrugWar #EnsAssetForfeiture #EndInlandCheckpoints try #Liberty #Justice #Freedom
Happy Birthday
i support clean power plan
Remove the carbon  pollution
Obama defending the TPP the other day was very sad...
why does this feel like someone trying to give me their mixtape
by 2030 that's a long ways away
http://www.youcaring.com/tuition-fundraiser/help-us-heal-the-world-/217992 … please read our story and consider helping us..we're 4 future doctors trying to make our dreams reality
