the lack of protection from Islamic Radical Terrorists is unprecedented and unpresidential!! #DOYOURJOB
have several seats the nerve of u to disrespect the #PRES
lol get over yourself. He works for us and he's not doing his job. I would have fired him a long time ago
good thing you're not! All you can do is bully tweet! It's too bad your words will fall way short.
wat bully tweet show me the bully part I spoke my mind just like any one else
I wasn't talking to you Diva! I was talking to Joanne!
u all need to get a life and get on with your day
not u ziggy Joan of Arkansas country ass
sir you are the smartest constitutional lawyer in the world..please educate these folks one what the 2nd amendment really means
Obama is incompetent. He tried to overstep the executive power and got his a## handed to him today.
dude he went to Harvard and is competent...you support a lunatic, racist in Trump so it's tough to even respond...
He has no business or leadership qualities. As far as his education, who knows how he got into Harvard his records are sealed.
he has brought this country back from the depression that GW started...
He DOUBLED the national debt!
he is the best President since FDR...
He is the worst President since Jimmy Carter and most historians agree he has now surpassed him.
for a constitutional scholar, you should understand #DueProcess
the struggle and obstruction is real. #clueless
it's posturing on both sides #clueless
the math doesn't lie though.
there's no timetable in the CONSTITUTION! !!! Well survive without a ninth judge ...there's NO HURRY
no timetable and no reason to obstruct either. Right?
win some elections other than POTUS then you can do what ever u want!
THANK U !!!! Instead of golfing all the time He shoulda thought about NOT losing the Senate
Failure to help '63 bombing victim unprecedented too. Cynthia Wesley, no such person. See AL amend. Death cert.
so when Dems dont allow votes (see H Reid), they're doing their jobs; but when GOP does the same, they obstructing #hypocrit
The rhetoric heard tonight is Sad!  With you brother!!
well you don't do your job!  Get out now!
I agree, like my dad always said good is never good when better is expected!  These Senators need to step up their game!
Yes everybody Work together GOP & DEM. Lets make this country number one. All you know it, China, N .K. Iran. AND Russia, would love to see us weak Make the COUNTRY first and then your party. Help your POTUS I believe he is trying to do wright. I like you very much Work with him
@KristinAndrene ! Definitely need a new Blue Congress!
You lie again.  LIE..LIE..LIE.
@BarackObama
So you can appoint another scotus like Kagan & Sotomayor who won't do their job upholding the constitution to stop exec orders?
go*
....gi
What America doesn't need is more ruckus over Partisan Politics from leaders who proclaim to abhor Partisan Politics.  Let it
you mean the ones who sit on the floor....working hard aren't they?
quit whining
#pleaseleave
ain't it great they're finally standing up to the nigger
THEY ARE FINALLY DOING THEIR JOBS. if they did their jobs a long time ago, YOU WOULDNT BE PRESIDENT RIGHT NOW...
the most racial incompetent senate any president has had to deal with, corruption is unprecedented
Mr. President.  Who took the country?  Mr Trump thinks they need to take it back.
check keeps coming.  What's the incentive?
$""
that is because you keep using executive orders and bypassing the whole process. We the people not you the people
wish you could stay on as President
@geomcmanus4040 I'm conservative so I think it's a great thing to wait until the next election
a conservative mind believes in the American process of election. Debate/vote. Trust the constitution not politics
stop passing the buck Muslim! Blaming the Sen for not giving u your bias Supreme Court judge for t big gun grab is BIGOTRY!!
Even though congress refuses to do their job, thank you for doing yours. #Forevergreatful
for once they are doing thier job #can'twaittillyouaregone
How about Emily???
But not expected. For children still pining over there lose 8 years ago. Keep doing your best. We the people still Trust you.
or 7. Not sure we need another official making crazy amounts of money while so many more are beyond struggling. Past it. Far.:(
, quit whining
You have done marvelously, especially given the obstructionist Congress!
@BarackObama
@corinebuechner 

They ARE doing their job

Advise and Consent
3 branches, checks and balance.
@POTUS you are in check
Balanced
#DoYourJob  we the people are tied of this. In the real world most of you would have been FIRED years ago
Sir.  You need to say it explicitly.  The Republicans in the Senate needs to do their job.  Call it like it is.
U BROKE THE LAW MUSLIN!! Congress MAKES THE LAWS!!! U LAWLESS JERK! GO back to KENYA U TYRANT!! U MAKE ME SICK!!
Repubs have been obstructionists for decades. Hope millennials vote Democratic in Novem. for pres., senate and congressmen.
unprecedented?  Ever hear of Robert Bork?
glad the way it turned out, someone has to enforce our laws, not just thumb their nose at them.
there was obstruction soon as  Obama came into office, Obama has divided this country
what choice do people have vote my way or DIE WAY Oops I missed again oh well at least I lived my life in abundance to the Full
when has there been any fairness in a unjust world ruled by mortal flesh that's so corrupt it stinks of EVIL so unnecessary  !?
or Clarence Thomas will retire and we'll have 7! ;-)
seems like the 4 SCOTUS has issues with your executive orders on immigrationl.
you need to check past dem play books jackass, failsafe for liberals is to lie and obstruct
so urm . I was wondering if we could tea sometime? Nothing special just to Costa. Or Starbucks. Whatever you choose 
this is common in Indian Parliament
@limalocal112 Barack hates police officers
let's talk about flint.Have money to bail out the banks but not for Flint? You have kids#SaveFlint #WeThePeople #Fight4NextGen
Can't  you  understand  the  problems  of the poor?
how about the obstructionist you are against the will of the people? No more bad trade deals! #WeThePeople #Fight4NextGen
I am JABBAR please help mi sir sum money i want new business starting only credit 6 months only I no you have money I return
good morning sir how are you
How do you continue to hope with this madness? #officiallyinBedlam
VOTE, PEOPLE, THAT'S WHY YOU ARE THERE--THAT'S YOUR JOB!  But vote yourself a raise anyway.
you are the problem, not the Republicans!!
you are the problem!
the lack of leadership from the commander and chief has been unprecedented.  So glad the slide is almost over!
do your job
actually there is.  Ask your VP.
Republicans in Congress: What are you waiting for? TRUMP'S nominee??? Seriously?
@BarackObama
you have a lot of nerve
Right. And that ninth one needs to be someone like Scalia, who actually understands the Constitution and defends it.
Unprecedented? Seems like I recall some idiot named Reid who didn't let anything come to a vote for about 4 years. Right?
won't let u be a dictator . Too bad stupid
don't let them run on everything they've blocked from you for years, i.e., starting with infrastructure..
how about you do yours?
cry me a river like you do on TV. 210 days left
so that you can pass all your un-American bills. I think you prefer to be president of illegal immigrants

stop whining ,oh that's what liberals do whine
we face the same thing here in Nigeria as well...
You only complain when the tie doesn't go your way. Where were you on other 4-4 rulings? Try votes instead of courts.
Quit complaining and do your job.  This isn't our problem, it's yours, find a judge that can be impartial jeesh.
I guess if the SCOTUS had ruled 4 to 2 in favor of Obama it would have don it's job in spite of having an open seat.
.'job' not 'jobs''
Um...so, is this a threat to usurp one of the EQUAL bodies intended to impede tyranny?
read the constitution you have no authority to do anything with immigration
wrong MF you do your job and we will all be alright
And we need a President who is not for destroying America
It's a shame, I'm a Republican and have been since '78 and I have to apologize for my party.  Sorry. Have voted Dem last 4 yrs
health insurance good intentions givin straight to bad business pockets
hawaii dies a little more every time you give in to the red handed men
I just love when ppl point their finger at others making unjustified statements! Keep up the good work  @BarackObama
Please keep up the Obstruction. We can't let the poison of Obama Al Waqwaq to stay in this government any longer.
Tell Congress to come back from vacation and DO THEIR JOBS.
I'LL TAKE A 4-4 FOR YOUR ILLEGAL EXECUTIVE ORDER !!  BUT YOU WON ON THE WHITE DISCRIMINATION AT U.T.,  BASTARD !!!
The will of Congress + The will of Lobbyists >The will of the People. Please we should all vote wisely to reverse the equation.
they know what kinda person you want.
I AGREE.
why when Obama does not get what he wants. It's wrong . And when he gets what he wants . It's right. What about us Americans !!
WE NEED IS OF MANY HUMAN OF HEART, REALLY LITTLE HAVE  RESPONSIBILITY, GREAT NUMBER I,OF  THE WORLD MR PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA.
I cannot believe the straight face of republicans! They talk about better yet will not change a thing.
We need 9 COMPETENT judges, which means we don't want you naming the 9th.
all ya wanted was our votes and after you get to the White House ya forget what you promised
Complete incompetence. A wall will cost a heck of a lot less in the long run.
@BarackObama
Our national debt has DOUBLED since he's been in office. Illegal immigration is draining this country! 7.5 more months!
kvbchvfbt
Mm
Mbm Bmvm
they're short sighted!
is unbelievable that the federal judge in TX has more power than you in this country; what kind of president are you?? :( :( :(
B'RU, YOU KNOW THAT WAS PLATINUM LMFAO @BarackObama
I feel so sad. Please help us, we're here doing the right things.
up it to 11 & make 3 recess appointments! 9 is not the law!!!
YOU ARE TRYING TO GIVE AMNESTY TO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS. It's a good thing they did this.
They've been doing it for 8 years. I'd call that a precedent.
I wish you could fire them
Don't people who refuse to do their jobs get #fired? #DoYourJob
you want 5-4 for Obama. This is what this is about.
yes we do, and Garland would be their nominee if they were in office
I guess a childish sit in isn't an obstruction? Grow up.
We really need to rise up and force this issue! Tired of waiting on partisan politics!!!  Congress needs to do its job!!!
If Republicans did their job, they wouldn't need Hillary's e-mails.
#doyourjob applies to you more than congress.If you spent more time working and less time golfing maybe something would improve
- your not one to talk you shmuck! Haven't done your job since making presidency!
Hard the time end City of Chicago
@FoxNews #DoYourJob and enforce immigration laws.. stop putting refugees before Americans!!! #IslamicSympathizerInChief
tell your democratic leadership
your entire country is a koke
OMG pathetic Dems look like a bunch of idiots protesting at a Walmart. Cars dont kill people guns dont kill people, People kill
أنظر من يتكلم على العدالة ! .
Look who's talking about justice !
what a hypocrite you are. YOU talking about "obstruction"? Worst president ever!
they are stopping you from appointing a gun stealer.
That was difficult for you
Pronounce the name (Daash)
You can call it
Saudi Arabia
$20T debt. #DoYourJob
The GOP should be ashamed
I think your doing a good job you did the best you could given the circumstances.
GOP lawmakers seem determined to undermine America, & even destroy the country -- as Bush/Cheney did. Now clear.
before you go to the office I really hope you do something about the disparity laws affecting the criminal justice system
Mr. President your strength is amazing with the bs coming at you 24/7.  For something you did or did not do.
seen. Good
May “Our Force Be With You!” http://easycolorexpress.com 
LIAR
Unprecedented and utterly ridiculous!
#BidenRule
#NoScotusVote
#EnoughAlready
#LegacyOfFailure
