obama care is imploding the least you can do is fess up to your screw up you don't deserve to be potus
He probably wanted it to fail is what's scary
Agreed. Just a step towards single payer.
yeah.
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
Then why are you pricing them out of the market? #Obamacare #Failure Keep your doctor - Suckers!
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас , мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Problem is you have to have it first.
Insurance co.'s ar charging more.My coverage Changed without my  knowledge.Why am I paying so much out of pocket/ no results

यह सब जानने के लिये पड़ीये जीने की राह पुस्तक मे
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
Mr @BarackObama how can you know for a fact this Female rule is correct? This rule cover obesity? @CNN @FoxNews
Ha if he hasn't already, I bet @realDonaldTrump will try to get rid of this. Oh snap, maybe I shouldn't have added his handle to remind him.
President, the Lord, the Lord, the Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health, happiness, goodbye, goodbye, good morning, good night
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
now that it's available, they can't afford it so what's your point? It's all bulshit and taxpayers are breaking it out
जीने की राह पुस्त मे
You screwed up our health care system but don't worry... @realDonaldTrump will fix it!!!
Ronald Reagan wasn't that great.  Trickle down effect didn't work!
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
.@BarackObama with the prices they're charging, they don't need too. We all get overcharged thanks to your regulations.
Amen!
.

I though Stepin Fetchit had expired?
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse , la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
hola coestan amigos saludosdioslosbendiga
hi
You took Milions from Our SS  forObama Care,We Never see a raise. Just living Month to month
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
India Defeted USA
http://ncrtweb.online/photos 
Ich vermisse Sie in Ihrem Amt ,herzliche Grüße
@MaryCamd Did you see that table of men deciding our insurance crazy
@SheritaLe0nard The govt shouldn't be involved in health care insurance. It's unconstitutional.
President Obama: Thanks so very much for the healthcare you ensured I would receive. It's been a blessing. And God bless you.
out of touch, men  and women  share the same issues today, our govt should be fair to all Americans not based on race, gender
sick why
If your "health care" is so great, why do you need to beg people to join?
They cost more to cover. It's actuarial science.
Pretty much everybody EXCEPT MEN. Male contraceptive coverage mandates EXCLUDED from #Obamacare. #Oops!
and men, and Christians.....are these in your binders?#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
they deserve it but they do not get it. God will judge you and @HillaryClinton for what you have done to America and Haiti
~ But insurance companies can continue to deny all valid medical claims for no reason, & bankrupt you, so you end up in jail.
I am a big fan you and Michelle have in Brazil. I love you. Thanks for being such a great paar in the Presidence . Obrigada.
you got it sir cpl.scott
-what a load of bullcrap! ASK the vets what THEY think of your plans for THEIR health.
No, they just get charged out the ass for being a human. Give me a break with this shit.
True So back to the drawing board
thank you President Obama.....speaking on behalf of so many women
You don't care about women.  You jacked up prices on ALL of us.  Govt. power grab!
You're SUCH a liar, you believe your own drivel.
your health system kills people designed to depopulate the death plan insurance is a better term
it doesn't work at all!!! All u r doing is making ppl pay more money for no reason at all, when it's there choice to choose!!!
it is way to much money and also every year that ppl don't have insurance have to pay a huge fee cuz of ur health care system!!
wtf
Best remedy to get out of the hole is buying a shovel to keep digging. The idiots were told. And they complied as good d'RATS
When will men be charged less for car insurance for being men?
you're right, they can just charge everyone more. 25% more.
it needs to be affordable for all Americans
and just like that insurance become more expensive again. Thanks Obama.
Native Americans deserve fair treatment to.. STOP THE DAPL..
It is working?  Is it paying for anything?
@jenisha2528
3 month to have a IUD removed is fair?
very true.Obama care is a great thing for many that need it.wish everyone could see and understand the light
ie the dirt poor
any avg respectable job puts u out of obamacare subsidy range. total horse crap
I think u r a great President
I agree
I have neverhad an insurance company charge more because I'm a woman
say no to trump HE will try to fire the Secretary of state or his wall around the world.he's not capable of TAKING care of him.
JUST IMAGINE IF DONALD TRUMP BECAME THE PRESIDENT HOW COULD A Man Who WAS A BILLIONAIRE AND LOST BILLIONS ONE DAY FROM THE
you guys need to have better maturity leaves in the states. it's sad how little time is allowed
one reason of that is because they can be mothers. It's a plus and also, cost money.
Your opponents believe your ideas weaken America's idealism.
Why dont you talk about raising min wage to 15-20/hr & free tuition it will help everything especially African American ????
why am I paying for birth control? I thought it was covered under Obamacare?!
- actually, everyone does. No govt healthcare, period. No fed jobs with healthcare benefits. Everyone equal.
Give it up dude. You are a failure as a president.

Thank you for fixing this! I remember when some insurance companies didn't cover pregnancy and delivery costs OR birth control!
, YES, you care about people, mr president & so does Michelle. Thank you! We all pray for you both!
I love you Obama
oh no election day is approaching... Obama if you hurry you can jump on the ballot!!
#Obamacare ***Quite nice and imp. too, that Women, sick and the survivors... they all deserve fair low cost treatment...!
obamacare is the foot in the door to single payer Healthcare. Since when does gov't do anything right?  But libs will love it.
if someone is using more of something, they should pay more. That's what my utilities company says. 1/20/17 moving day woohoo
Those who eradicated smallpox & polio are not interested to eradicate pollution, junk food & physical inactivity
is obama on Obamacare ?
I'm 48 & healthy & my healthcare choices next year cost almost double & bad coverage, $6000+ deductible, over $600/mo! Do something please!
#Worst  #president in history. Man with no balls.  Glad you're out.
Las mujeres, los enfermos, supervivientes, todos ellos merecen un trato justo en nuestro sistema de salud. #Obamacare
snake oil salesman
Gvt
#liar MY PREMIUM WENT UP 84% !!!!!!!!
https://youtu.be/F1IrXYS9  
DONATE  SMALL  FUND  TO  DEAF-DUMB - BLIND & ARPHAN  CHILD . SRI  SAI  SEVA  FOUNDATION
which means men will have to pay higher premiums to compensate the loss insurance companies take for lower premiums for women.
That makes no sense... the insurance companies can clearly show the relative cost per woman per age group is higher than men.
@HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump : in the US there are estimated 25k ecfmg cert docs waiting for residency n are not prply used
part of broken healthcare can b fixed by using these qualified docs who r just sitting idle
hey sir.... say me about Clinton emails... do you know anything?

Obama, you have destroyed America with your policies and laws, it is time for you to GO!!!!!
Nothing else.
check out https://medium.com/@BrownSpeaks/leave-your-bubble-dammit-d8f2de052ff5#.kag1jrh0m … he thinks like you--to create inclusion we must take first step: out of our bubbles
they all should have their voted counted to, but we know that wont happen in this rigged election
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDc8PVCvfKs …
actually it was always my husband that was more than me. You have it switched around. Nice try.
If you smile when no-one else is around, you really mean it !
DAT is of Obama to plane 4 womens I thinks good
equal is equal as long as it fits the circumstances
@narendramodi @barackobama queen elizabath of rajasthan majesty vasundhra raje scindia mail:krrelawat.doit@rajasthan.gov.in
@narendramodi @barackobama queen elizabath of rajasthan excellency vasundhra raje scindia mail:krrelawat.doit@rajasthan.gov.in
@narendramodi @barackobama queen elizabath of rajasthan vasundhra raje scindia mail:krrelawat.doit@rajasthan.gov.in
@narendramodi @barackobama queen elizabath of rajasthan maharani vasundhra raje scindia mail:krrelawat.doit@rajasthan.gov.in
@narendramodi @barackobama maharani queen elizabath of rajasthan maharani vasundhra raje scindia mail:krrelawat.doit@rajasthan.gov.in
@narendramodi @barackobama excellency queen elizabath of rajasthan maharani vasundhra raje scindia mail:krrelawat.doit@rajasthan.gov.in
@narendramodi @barackobama ur excellency queen elizabath of rajasthan maharani vasundhra raje scindia mail:krrelawat.doit@rajasthan.gov.in
@narendramodi @barackobama ur highness queen elizabath of rajasthan maharani vasundhra raje scindia mail:krrelawat.doit@rajasthan.gov.in
@narendramodi @barackobama majesty queen elizabath of rajasthan maharani vasundhra raje scindia mail:krrelawat.doit@rajasthan.gov.in
@narendramodi @barackobama ur majesty queen elizabath of rajasthan maharani vasundhra raje scindia mail:krrelawat.doit@rajasthan.gov.in
So why did you screw it up!
Obamacare is a failure, get over it, doubling down is killing us!
lies and more sick lies
forget women can never be equal with men get it rite
the whole deal has turned into a joke
Also the pic/add with this tweet? LOL insurance companies should never charge women cuz they are women. Fixing a fucked up....
ObamaCare, what a fucking joke. Watch what happens in 2017 people. I will be the person saying i told ya so.
Yeah well your killing us. Thy are denying us drugs. Unless we pay 20% of meds tht used to b ... http://m.tmi.me/1fgci5 
So machines r switching DT's name 2 HC! Can we say voter fraud! Ppl r watching closely!
africans societys indian societys afgan societys capture our mind body soul this reason we surviving
Women, the sick, survivors—they all deserve fair treatment in our health care system.
@WhiteHouse @SgyYogarajah The path &foundation made by Hon Obama for healthy wealthy USA will be continued by Hillary with ex P
And in our too!
Carta a Barak Husein Obama, Presidente de EE.UU solicitando la Liberación de Ana Belén  y Oscar López  http://bit.ly/2ePrBjn 
Obama care is a joke
what a crock. #ObamacareFail is WAY more expensive than the old busted system. U made bad worse!
musique africaine
not working
eat right & most medical woes disappear...#GoVegan #plantbased think next generation  #ClimateAction
It's the insurance companies!  They should be non profit and the problem would be solved!  It's greed!
Trump employees should have great health insurance since he pays 0 taxes! @realDonaldTrump  What a chump!
@FBI   The US Presidential voting machines may be compromised, share it everywhere
