Okay. Which Mexican hacked @BarackObama's account??
is this supposed to be funny or ?
Check out his tweet @MichelleAlco_.
you're assuming a Mexican hacked his account because its in Spanish . Back to sq. 1 , is this supposed to be funny?
What I can say is this @MichelleAlco_. If you didn't find it funny, then don't laugh. Basically.
Thank God you're not a comedian
Comedians don't tweet jokes on Twitter @MichelleAlco_. They perform it on stage. Nobody said anything about comedians.
Ummm what?
ExPdte Obama, deroga el decreto q inventaste para Venezuela ya! Trump es un patán! Detenlo!
You are a refined class-act. We are proud of your compassion. You are admired & missed. TY for your leadership.  - HI
@HaganJeff @goodshipp thanks guys. I really appreciate the b-day wishes.
Mr @BarackObama @ObamaFoundation why in spanish where respect for the entire population of languages here in USA / America? @CNN @FoxNews
Te amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo amo mucho MI Presidente!
  @libby_annn @BarackObama
speak English bro
Learn other languages bro
It was a meme bro
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982893464806395905 … 5774
Are you Viking lovers ? 
Perfect gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1tzcY1 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1tzcY1 …


Hi
@KatherineVgt I Should Have Learned To Speak Spanish...Since I Can't Write | I Love Hispanics
♡
this is America. We speak English
In america spanish is the most spoken language idiot
Hola, pendejos
Dear sir. Am kumari gurung from India am belong to poor family I need ur help sir.
Ovomit SUCKS big wieners.  Homogayperson.
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
, Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
,帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
Good old man, blessing you, good morning, good night, good night, yes, Lord, Lord, Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health,
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
@BarackObama
What a shame, isn't your account, someone can and working and tweeting,and you nada ,somebody has to put tweets for you.Find a proper job.
Spanish lullaby !
sr usted a sido el mejor presidente de los estados unidos felicidades
/ En español, que bien!!!!
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/delete-your-facebook-account-permanently.html …
America is an English speaking country!!!  Learn it!!
So what? In this country there is a lot of people that we speak spanish.
English is the language of this country!  If you are here legally learn ENGLISH!
can somebody explaib this tweet pls.
who wrote that,malia. Lol
En serio disparar a su traductor
de nada ;)
no lo Hagan el costo Es altisimo
Loco in the Cabasa
Obama es un bandito!

yes, illegals, leave us your address so we can get your results to you...
nain
@ISIDROM96590055
#TheUsEra >)
I WANT HAVE AND ONGOING RELATIONSHIPS WITH YOU MY DEAR PRESIDENT HIS NAME IS BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA.
THAT'S MY BUDDY & THE GOOD THINK IS & I WANT HIM TO BE MY BF
El programa de salud no sirve. Pagar mas por menos.
how about speaking English!!
osea a trump
es buena persona , No se valla de la presidencia plis los extrañaremos , No deje como futuro presidente a un machista  :(
hi obama
@bresace_ his tweets come in spanish too
I love him so much
me too bae
mi esposa uso por 1ra vez el servicio y el seguro cobró, en su 1ra visita, 1er uso del seguro según ellos por tener antecedente
why need insurence market ?
dear mister president como cristiano necesito comprender mejor cristianismos como el suyo. Please send me info. About this.
Never has anyone ever done so 
Much to destroy my. Country 
A 3 month ait for a mammogram in my area! Simply insane! Forced euthanasia on women!
......
.   B
We are Americans. Our language is English.
I am with her. #StrongerTogether.
One Nation One Language, English
we speak ENGLISH here in the USA!! Show respect
Speak to America tell us how great Hillary is. Endorse her lies corruption deceit in English why stop now. We know your stance
English please
Quien cubrira al Planeta de las guerras abiertas o encubiertas, agresiones, invasiones, golpes de Edo, y matanzas de uds?
#oald_alsheq_envoy_saudi
grande OBAMA....!!!
TRANSLATION....................NEED BIG MONEY FOR OBAMA CARE !!!!!!!!!!!
Korean?  Why only Spanish?  Crooked bunch of thugs
Es curioso ver cómo el país más avanzado del mundo no tiene cubiertas las necesidades sanitarias básicas de su población.
@jackierojas_1 ...you got it babe.  ?
Anda come mierda! Exigiste que Argentina le de Uranium a Irán en 2010. Eres una porqueria!
you talking English
Good i like video
excelent.-
Ddf


seeeeee plaseeeeee
Realmente, no tenemos suficiente de habla Inglés pobre? ¿Está buscando más? maravilloso.
gracias, Obama.
señor presidente @JuanManSantos  aprenda !!!!
What????? Speak English...moron.
goodmorning sir.
kys
we oll kurds we dont want you are go
muy bien
Y aqui os lo quereis cargar!!cuanta incoherencia Don Manuel.
Mr. President.@BarackObama where are the ads for the Italians, the Germans, and the other Wonderful people that make up this Nation?
sierto!
this America English please
https://www.google.com/amp/www.newsweek.com/2016/11/11/donald-trump-companies-destroyed-emails-documents-515120.html%3Famp%3D1?client=safari … @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton
@wikileaks #WakeUpAmerica 

OBAMA : #Hillary is the biggest fraud in politics. MUST RT - WATCH 
This is irrelevant now.
chinga tu madre @epn... ah no vdd?
lastima que no existe en Vzla..¡¡¡ SOS Vzla. muere de hambre y sin medicinas..¡¡¡
Obama es el Presidente peor alguna ves!!!!!
"you and your family can enjoy the tranquility of knowing you are covered. The market of security opens tomorrow." Odd.
pic: "for the preventive benefits: checkups, vaccines, and mammograms. And you don't have to pay anything out of pocket."
bottom left obviously says thanks obama
#VOTOLATINO vamos HILLARY!
Es lo mejor, saber que toda familia merece seguir adelante... todos son seres humanos con las mismas necesidades.
Bull
hi Obama this hi is from Pakistani boy
hey icalled you staff hung up wice, you coming. im dressed in my finest. come on by you wuss, wife and the kids will be pissed.
Hahahaha, token effort, nice try but America and her people are not buying your BS!
Don't t ry to defer from HilLIARYs latest scandal.
No matter what language you use most likely whatever you say is embedded with lies
pense q era el traductor :v
O por dios
mi familia y millones mas hace tiempo no sabemos q es tranquilidad solo necesidad,hambre y humillación vivimos en VENEZUELA
türk-islam düşmanı  haçlı  papaz  fetoyu ve hainleri beslersin..darbe  yapar5sın
detailed analysis in a few weeks back to you and I am going on with my new address and I am looking forward for a while and the
#NoDAPL what good are votes if we have no clean water?
Queensland Australia and Europe and the rest of the day and time of the day and time of the day and time of the day and time of
You are the best! Mr.
ダグラス2の神気解放はいつきますか？！オバマP助さん！！
questionnaire for your help with this mail is not the best of my life with a few weeks back to you and I am looking forward for
DAPL has illegally installed razor wire in ND. Plz pull all DAPL permits b4 they kill Native Americans Ohio is sending 37 cops
Manana, no va a pagar un seguro de salud a menos que el seguro de enfermedad, solos los discos.
Que es los discos? Democratas ricos.
