with all due respect sir the bathroom walls are unprecedented also.
same-sex marriage is also
you ain't marrying the same sex are??Then let God be the judge is He dead or Risen? He got it!
@Flo60400351 @BarackObama
glad you see yourself now-you ain't God, last read Jordan was split by God not man! He drown them!
yes HE DID drown them and the devil knows its beating is coming again!
I'm not into the devil I'm into God's goodness toward all people-so to wraft/anger/judgement etc
lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you.
republicans don't see you as president only if you were lighter/white! You noticed triple-k pushing trump.
triple k founded the Democratic party.  Free history lesson for you
that's why there's a racial divide & Slaves built the comfort of a White House!
No free masons built the comforts of the White House. Learn your nations history not the agenda their forcing
1490 & prior your free black labor-we weren't people to most like now-HIStory!
#2 It’s a miracle you have been able to achieve what has been possibly to do | and I and many others thank you for it :)
I take it you’re quoting reliable & trustable sources? Or perhaps quoting Paul Ryan? … P-l-e-a-s-e …
Source? ...
Thanks | I’ll take a look when I have a moment …
Your a trader! YOU NEED TO GO TO PRISON FOR TREASON GO LIVE WITH YOUR ISIS FAMILY WITH UR DAUGHTER'S N SEE HOW THIER TREATED
.@BarackObama using the has tag #DoYourJob is my favorite thing ever
WE know how you FEEL,me #CaptiveOrcas #Tilikum #LeonardPeltier to be dismissed like you dont exist on major issue of >>JUSTICE!
Sure.. am working all day but will give everything I've got with everything I have left before & after that.
your intervening in a democratic election is against the Republican candidate is unprecedented!
a seating USA President talking bad about an opposition candidate @realDonaldTrump is HIGHLY unprecedented and UNETHICAL!
most every thing that you have done is unprecedented!
McConnel, Portman and GOP Suspend operation of the Constitution. GOP at war with America
Why aren't these senate leaders impeached who refuse to hold confirmation hearings for Judge Garland?
allowing a man to go into a women's restroom is also unprecented
Stop conniving to get your way and do your jobs Senators!
سلام عليكم
Because we've never had a President like you!  ACA...should I say more?
if only it was just the Supreme Court....
So tell me about racist Dems who kept Miguel Estrada off Federal bench. But for their racism HE could've been 1st Hispanic.
nope you are not qualified to choose.
Trump will pick our justices...Obama is gone!
thats because a do nothing pres is unprecedented!
Actually, it WAS precedented by your own party.
You are on the way out and have proven yourself deaf to the people you serve.
As such, a nomination by you NOW - mid-election - would be inappropriate as it would not likely be one the people would desire.
push harder
My e-mail:add tamangkiran9@gmail.com
Tph samaj party
From kathmandu Nepal
Hallo hi good aftenoon how are you today.
I am  a new political party president
From kathmandu Nepal.
Can you member for me
we've separation of powers & 2 party system president isn't a king doesn't get everything he wants whining about it is childish
You Already Know What's Up' You Are Not Who We Are'
#Treason #Liars #FBI #America #USA
#right do your your job please no party
.GOP obstructionism ...this must stop!
Not happening Barry! what about #verabaker?
That's the power of democracy idiot
president Obama,
bypassing #congress to enact illegal degrees is also unprecedented. Hypocrite.
I pray for the Republicans to do the right thing before it becomes to late.
as we know republicants do not care about the American people. Only rich donors. Throw them out of office!  Out w/ republicants
thanks for keeping the world honest
You filibustered Alito.
다카키 마사오 딸을 대통령으로 
뽑았다고 해서 미국 국민들이
한국국민을 "바보스럽다"고 하지 않듯이
설령 트림프를 대통령으로 뽑드라도
우리가 미국국민을 "바보스럽다"고
할수는 없는 것입니다.
how many appointed 3 judges? 
This is for balance.  #GOPstrong
lol they did the same thing to Bush
good morning sir
Bullshit!
hi salam
No.
Not according to VP Biden. He said it shouldn't be done in election  year.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1SUn0zTGUQ …
I think we should talk. We have some issues ti talk about. Please
beware europe and THE world for trump
no it's not, outgoing presidents have been denied by democrats before, stop being the normal hypocrite
Padua
Get Game! ,become a VENDOR, make 100K yr, https://igg.me/at/EasyColorExpress …, http://easycolorexpress.com 
did my taxes pay for this?
DITTO job info is in the constitution!
#constitution #freedom #vote #theyworkforus #doingitwrong #firethem
Do YOUR job!!! 300 rounds of golf isn't what we voted for! Ass
#Do your job
Barack Obama said as Senator to block Bush Supreme Court Nomination til next President!
I want the senate to do their darn job
senate leaders do your job
the #GOP just don't want to do their job #CarmitaI
.@BarackObama So you've stooped to whipping America the bird.  You are the most effed up person ever.
Ridiculous #GOPIDIOTS
President Trump will appoint the Supreme Court replacement for Justice Scalia.
BS . You have no credibility. I can't wait for Jan. 2017.
I see your minions still have their heads up their a**es
You sir are a Traitor and should be in prison for Treason.
you are now published here on my @RebelMouse page @eyeandlaser #ophthalmologist  http://rbl.ms/25njFdS 
Shame! Fears of yrs gone by never cease to amaze They know he'll b much more powerful out of office than they allowed him in.
@BarackObama
huh talk about obstruction.  FAST AND FURIOUS. BENGAHZI EMAILS. IRS SCANDAL.  your a funny mofo
It's because OBama is a Traitor to the US. The other Presidents were real American leaders.
u have no room 2 say do ur job.Ur racist,evil rhetoric ways r over..By mule,pull crap elsewhere
would you like some cheese to go with the wining about your nominee
dude, almost every canadian I know feels sorry for the stupid resistance you have to wade through.
yes do your job and STOP @POTUS
Just a reminder regarding Senate obstruction.
@gamblor5555 CA #DNC Senators are... fire those blocking, making up shit again.
done
YOU ARE PHONYMAN
Barack Obama さん

obstruction of ◯◯ is completely unprecedented.

Thank you very much

@BarackObama #DoYourJob
Unprecedented is @BarackObama circumventing the constitution with Exe. orders. So is supporting candidate #Hillaryliesmatters
ha!ha! Next time don't shove Husain care down our throat
@GKMTNtwits it is a miracle that he has done so much while being held back so much by Rep. Awesome man!
A miracle AND a great global chess player!
@GKMTNtwits USA citizens u shd b proud 2 have such a president who has integrity charisma admired overseas
I agree.
no that's awesome. Let the new president nominate. You've packed the court already.
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @GrassleyPress 
McConnell and Grassley are at fault. Fire them.
.... Please forllow me
The good Lord Almighty will richly provide you with everything for your enjoyment. In the name of Jesus Christ.
Get Eco-Easy with, https://igg.me/at/EasyColorExpress …, http://easycolorexpress.com 
Except for that time in 2006 when you & 23 Senators filibustered against Bush's pick of Alito. You are a small man. #SCOTUS
Barry, Barry, Barry I guess you've never heard of Robert Bork, you are incapable of EVER being honest, lie, lie, and lie more
President Obama,  Bob Gibbs says He is going to Control and Eradicate Mosquitos. WHAT A WORLDWIDE HERO! NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE
This is one of the reasons we have Trump...people are pissed the GOP didnt and dont do their jobs.
don't worry.we're going to vote their sorry asses out too. Hopefully Hillary will appoint you to fill the vacancy.
Yes, but they weren't black so their presidency, whether or not it was embraced, was more widely accepted.
I ask Obama to do his job but he's wore out the clubs and Jordan said he sucked at the hoop just what have you done besides bow
can anyone say bullshit Democrats block too, but Obama he's another story not a dem or Christian nor Muslim athiest tyrant!
No Brainer.
pick someone who isn't in favor of citizens united and maybe your base would care.
do your job a go.
#doyourdamnjobobama
No one Respects you Obama, your " legacy is EPIC FAILURE, other Nations call you a Sissy, classless, whimp
Barack Obama is one of the most brilliant political minds ever. What a waste that the legislator only stood in his way :/
If they aren't doing their job, may we should use their rhetoric and fire them.
ask Joe Biden. He says no.
But not unconstitutional like your actions eh?
don't worry Mr. president, they done their worst but u re a good man and the American ppl will shame them in Nov. u re great
YOU CAN'TBE THAT STUPID! DON'T YOU GET IT? NOTHING IS GOING TO HAPPEN ON SCOTUS TIL YOU'RE OUT OF OFFICE! PUT BEN RHODES ON IT!
@BarackObama
Hey, they R doing their job.  They rejected your nominee.  Do you job and nominate a conservative.
tell them do their  Job
John Wayne once said never let a nigger in the white house he will destroy America
U hv been the worst president this country has know leave it to a nigger to fuck it up
.@BarackObama Oh please.
If you want to tell ANYONE to do their 'job' let this 'Idiot-In-Chief' that he has FAILED America and it time for him to QUIT!
the way you have destroyed my country is completely unprecedented! 1/20/17 can't come fast enough! #worstpotusever
AGAIN - whomever writes this garbage is a total idiot!!
what's unprecedented OBAMA IS YOU GOING AGAINST THE CON CREATIONAL LAW &RIGHTS OF THE PEOPLE FOR THE PEOPLE GOD BLESS AMERICA 
To the senate leaders GOOD JOB KEEP UP THE THE GOOD WERK TO OBAMA YOU LIED TO THE PEOPLE WHY ARE U STILL IN OFFICE POWER FREACK
God bless the senate for keeping Obama from achieving the end of congressional laws it's fair that this nominee is STOPED !!!??
why should anyone be surprised? How about dump Mitch -- that old guys really needs to leave
simply not true, this is the government working, it is the balance of power and it's wonderful
just leave already.  Dems & Reps can't be trusted.  All looking 4 their own benefits. Hillary can't be trusted.  I'll risk it.
What's unprecedented is for current President to bad mouth US Presidential candidate It's also classless
Dictator !
they wont because you are so far to the left and crappy judgement we want govt out of our lives PERIOD
so is the ADM unacceptable SIR.
right and what you have done to our country is unprecedented
truman za Obamu.
Inexcusable!  Remember this when you vote  in November!!!!!
just like your lawlessness and disrespect for the American people!
