maybe expanding background checks on illegals and refugees :D and stop attacking law abiding citizens
really.......... cause the last time i thought the noflylist has no due process and there are lots of mistakes.
yes that is a good thing im sorry that i believe in due process and innocent till proven guilt unlike you pc liberals
my whole first comment was to expand bg checks on illegals and refugees before attacking law abiding citizens
If our U.S. President takes a back seat so will our Allies!!! The U.S. Is not the caboose but the Mighty Engine!!!
Putin is respected unlike Barack Hussein Obama! Pretty, Pretty, Pretty BAD!
Even Grandma Moses looks more manly!!!
You remind a bit like "Rhoda" from the '70s but much more attractive!
Thank you for your service and devotion to the American people and the world!
they are too busy spending $7 million of tax payer money for a #PoliticalStunt
AGREE
We first need an impartial Congress and Senate with no hidden agendas.
like o
Mr. President, can we get back to what we were trying to do about gun laws before congress went to recess?
we have Second Admendment, leave it alone.
you wish,so glad when your our of office, you have done nothing for America, your a joke
Funatic The Super Bear agrees! Can you also make some changes for the men in blue that carry guns and kill unarmed people?
won't change crazy ppl wanting to hurt others. Look at Nice, it will happen no matter the law you make. Mental health is key.
your right, it is against the law! a lib has finally figured that out. So now lets actually use the laws and punish criminals
How about releasing mental health records before being allowed to purchase a firearm?
who decides who is mentally unfit and who decides the definition? Our vets have already lost the right they bled for
We also need stiffer penalties for straw man sales and illegal gun possession cases.
they are already felonies, judges just don't enforce them
This is ONE of the reason you snowflakes will get whipped in the war. You can't even load a gun
Background checks makes the Homeland Securities job easier=Safer Societies
if not take executive decision?
lies
who is attaching law abiding citizens here ? If you are law abiding you shouldn't have a problem getting a gun
Your legacy will be stained if YOU let her escape charges from the FBI
lol let me know If he gets back to you.
just trying to be heard.  I doubt he actually writes or monitor these.   ADHD OCD HRC Bernie
disarm hate? You've been arming Middle East for 8 years.
its not the gun.all people must do is comply when the officer says freeze it means freeze..
if Nobody have it Nobody will be afraid of it!
Total domestic ban!!!!
reallity no enough backgcheck can Cover mentality to qualify gun ownership
liar
@BarackObama
gun violence has gone up ever since u became the occupier of the 
@WhiteHouse.
try Raising the Age limit These fuck boys 18 with Big Guns  Raise age Limut 26 Home Owner
Home Owner helps pay medical Bills.policy.if shit hit the engine
I agree.sensible gun legislation would be NATIONAL CARRY PERMITS FOR ALL, (except felons). I'm for that.
89% of America or 89% of the gun haters you asked. You lying SOB
How about routine psychological test and social training for POLICE FORCE!!
I believe #psychologicalevaluation should be required also.
possible?This must be addressed quickly because there seems to be an abuse of power across many towns & streets of our nation.
Rouge, LA. What I saw on tv was a crime committed by police.The man was on the ground, handcuffed, & shot to death. How is that
It seems that there is an abuse of power by law enforcement officials on civilians. The most recent one is the event @ Baton
obama has killed more people with an ink pen than anyone will ever dream of with a firearm.
hell no to gun control. Hows it workin out in Chicago my man??
Why Americans continue to elect the old guard who refuse to act on gun control and chose NRA support over safety befuddles me!
but what about knives???
@2simplyb #DisarmLawAbidingAmericanCitizens.Isn't THAT What You Meant?
#no fly, no buy, July 5th sit in continued, go John Lewis freedom rider.
@tondemazikana worked for the Jews in Germany when Hitler took their guns.
please. Give. Us. A. Raise. Need. It. Bad. Can't. Make. Ends. Meet. Thank. U
@LEngelhorn @SenatorHeitkamp @SenJohnHoeven I'm holding my Senators responsible to see that legislation is enacted!!!
NRA gives money to senators. This is why congress is not willing to the legislation.
and those same support @HillaryClinton
pride is a hard emotion to ignore,  sad.
READ MY LIPS KING OBAMA AIN'T HAPPENING ! JUST LIKE YOUR SUPREME JUSTICE PICK, DOA !!!!!!!!!!!! NOT DURING YOUR TIME IN OFFICE.
you are the one who is wrong. We already have to much gun control. Every gun I've bought I had to be checked out.
agreed
Just make assault weapons ammunition illegal, this will not violate the second amendment!
@sardnas51 #guncontrol is meaningless in a country that doesn't #EnforceItsLaws  @FBI #IndictHillary #ClintonFoundationFraud
Your "Disarm hate" should not and will NOT come at the expense of ANY of our Constitutional rights
wherethe hell
Did u get 890/0
you are right Prsdt B.Obama
It is never justifiable to contravene the US Constitution; and no matter how often "you" do it, it is still illegal.
You advocate this because you have no respect for the US Constitution or the laws of the United States.
Federal gun legislation is "prohibited"; it is the purview of the respective states to regulate firearms.
Congress is "prohibited" by the Constitution from enacting such legislation' "sensible" or otherwise.
shut up. This will be the last time the usa will put a muslim in the white house.  You are killing innocent americans
gun ban
https://www.google.com.tr/search?site=&source=hp&ei=iCd3V9POGsOasgGHia3IBA&q=adana+karot&oq=ada&gs_l=mobile-gws-hp.1.1.35i39l3j0i131l2.2573.3700.0.5240.5.4.1.0.0.0.176.480.0j3.3.0....0...1c.1.64.mobile-gws-hp..1.4.542.3..0.jFpEZtPmrX8#istate=lrl:iv&rlimm=12680797809760067576 …
hate is propounded by Washington's continual bombing of sovereign countries, which puts Americans in greater peril, not guns!
we already have plenty of laws on the books already. This is an issue for the state government, stop trying to overreach please
89% are also prob dumb enough to believe we don't ALREADY have sensible gun laws.
@yaz2alg good Luck.... 
well I said it once,get rid of the greedy white people from office ,stop the fighting that should never happen.

as an ELECTED servant of the people, ur job is first and foremost to #upholdtheconstitution
president hobama you are good for the goverment.
It will happen!  We will vote out those who oppose sensible gun legislation.
Uniformed idiots
“LISTEN TO US” http://easycolorexpress.com 
Congress can't vote on anything sensible; it's full of Republicans. You have to have sense to be sensible.
no way Mr Obama. Several mass shooting thwarted today because of concealment #strapthemon
Yeah, and 97% of scientists agree on #climatechange, and 1/5 college girls are raped...
Do #progressives know what numbers are?
C'mon! More urgent than that is filling SCOTUS seat!! Gun contrl won't be goin anywhere soon, so PLEASE SCOTUS 1st!
@BarackObama #DisarmHate
and while we're at it there is no reason private citizens should own semi-automatic assault weapons!
4 more years
I want new laws restricting the type of rifles being used in mass murderers!  Please count me in & let me know what I can do!
@ainsworth_d Prez, you keep saying "sensible" and "Congress" in the same sentence....that's the problem. We love you PBO!
Chicago run by Democrats for years . Murders off the chart for a long time. Must be election time
Mr President it's sad that the America will be ruled by gump like trump you are the best sir
ummm no the government needs to not touch the 2nd amendment
control our guns here in the USA while you give away guns to our enemies through your failed strategy !
make us insure our guns
All the legislation won't stop the ones that need to be stopped.  They don't care about laws.  Enforce the ones you have first.
disarm the people
strip them of their right to due process and owning a gun! 2 for one!
. Disarm wicked and evil!
Where did u get ur BS stats? This doesn't stop the criminals on the ST's getting their filthy hands on dirty guns.Go after that
amen
I agree Potus, Just don't take away our 2nd amendment by GOD.
This Congress is broken. Its GOP+TP members have their souls in NRA's pocket. Money counts for them more than American lives
@BarackObama
selam  başkanım     tenküverimaç  yuvenın  cucusitiu...cuvonredi..havaryu..hello..
你是SB总统吗？
Invest in a more earth-friendly tomorrow today with, https://igg.me/at/EasyColorExpress … http://easycolorexpress.com 
...
you need to stop with blaming the guns. Guns don't kill people! Terrorists do! #resign #WorstPrezEver
They did. They voted sensibly, to preserve due process.
not sure how you got that stat when no one asked mine or my wife's opinions.
#DisarmHate @MaritzaTellezD1 Got your back Mr PRESIDENT@BARACKOBAMA
89% of people think Obama is a f#cking liar.
Most embarrassing thing I ever did by age 30? Voted for Obama twice.. When did I become a racially conscious conservative? 30.
Spend time doing a double check.
You tell the cops to stand down and then want more laws for them to......not enforce?  You're clearly insane.
hmmm maybe you should have used the "disarm hate" mantra when you allowed gun sales to the drug cartels you hypocrite
No, don't think that number is correct.  Since the terror attack in Orlando, Gays said they were buying guns for protection.
Define hate, apparently since you won't tie the name islam to the radicalism, Hitler took Jewish guns away #ChristianPrideMonth
air force one leaving Ottawa
kinda like those background checks you did on isis or the cartels before you sold them find huh?
so t be stupid just enforce the fucking laws
Our Size, Texture and Color Matters, http://accucolorexpress.com 
--  agree
A majority of the mass gun shooters over the past few years have been registered dems. How bout we ban dems from owning guns.
No they don't.
along with a sensible war against radical Islamic terrorist? Let NATO do what they do...pretty please?
you've got the Law on the books...START IN CHICAGO! ! WHEN  GUNS ARE OUTLAWED,  ONLY OUTLAWS. ..will have guns....
LOVE YOU Mr. President
get all illegal guns off the streets; I'm sure all elected officials would volunteer to go house to house !
I believe extended our lives is important also
