obamacare is the worst things you did in office. Screwing the majority to benefit the minority is kind of your thing though
bani is great pls vote big boss india
jab @BarackObama vote kar dega toh batana  
yaar uske Indian follow er to kar hi sakte hAy
That ia a wonderful picture.  It takes a good sense of humor to ne good at that job.
Mestre sou um jovem angolano tenho uma fundação com objetivo principal a educação, ajudar jovens órfãos de pai e mãe
Com vontade de estudar,
Hi
My wife got a 63% rate increase, we appreciate that!
Goodbye!!! Love .@realDonaldTrump
please, please, don't leave.

Enough is enough..get out of our White House and our lives.
keep talking about what it has done.   Soon it will be gone.
better the economies of state,reduce the taxes,the unployment,give the possibility to the people of change the life,givethework
sir you are the best prez ever God bless you for the good job you did..you will be miss.. we love you more and more everyday
guess what borack obama care is gone.
Bye Bo.
Donald Trump y PUTIN planean proyectos EXTRATERRESTRES! ;)

Demasiados favores.... :)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgAvYg9iQW4 …

;)bu
THIS IS NOT BARACK OBAMA....IT'S POLITICAL BULL WHO STOLD 80M FOLLOWERS HE DOESN'T DESERVE.  
 
#GIVETHEMBACK TO THE REAL POTUS
#ThankObamaIn4Words
Here's my four words.. Eight. Years. Too. Long.
this Christmas is very special indeed in that a Jihadist like you steps down on 20/17.
Other than premiums more than doubling and coverage being cut as high as 50%, I don't see how anything has been "improved".
you've become a tuitero more, so you can already follow as the restobde mortals....  welcome
Since @BarackObama will be leaving office soon: any slave name suggestions? 
can I show you my birth certificate I am a citizen also
find out what the world is saying at http://gnb-twitter.globalnoticeboard.com/news/3101  #GNB via @gnbsocial
can't wait for President Trump to bring common sense back to this country and make deals in the BEST interests of this country!
/ GOOD NIGHT  / Morning Sir. God bless U Ali Sir.
MrPresident Obama this is why they fucking with my money from cable that I over paid they suppose 2 give a check and they took
I voted for Trump but listening to you today I have faith we can all unite you were so classy I respect you
I finally have hope we can all work together to be the best we can be thank you President Obama
thanks please have marker of your property as commercial that jesus as gifted sir mr president Obama in new York please
We are sick of @hillaryclinton's never-ending corruption
Speak for yourself.
Clinton won the popular vote because California has no voter ID laws.
You Are So Ignorant
are spit anyway
Good morning
ブッシュ政権下の時にハーバード大学院卒業したけどお前に尽くす気はない…。
今は圧力で俺も攻撃を辞めてるだけだ。
特許権利も渡す気はない…
お前が殺した患者との約束だ、シカゴ警察官に聞けば全てわかるからな…。
@L6HJH. ~You mean making many people choose between paying for insurance they can't afford or food or housing for their family?
Without your health you the other stuff is pointless! @Lovelifeandwine @BarackObama
that was just a ignorant statement
~Without food & housing your health won't matter as much as those two tend to dictate the other.
honestly.. I agree
Hayley tell that2the homeless! We go2Doc when we NEED it. Not because gov says we do!
Hello!
Well did obama discuss that he is NOT the Antichrist? I am 1000% proof you are not me lmao.
what a load of crap, here is how many wanted you and your failed health program and Radical Islamic extremism out of office
did you close guantanamo like you say you will back in 2008??? Liar
don't go
@Pamela_Moore13 u voted for him bc black people beated a white man?

It is make famous to copy France only. Médium

Helped millions of people without the #Obamacare idk where my health would be!! Best President this world has and will EVER see!
Obama you have done nothing to improve Healthcare. You have done nothing to truly help this country either. Hindsight is 20/20.
Ocare,  lies. Can't afford, take the fine
Seven years and they are still on the first paragraph! Ryan and the wiz kids.

Before Obamacare, I could not afford health insurance!!!  Thank you!!!!
Now everyone who could no longer can! Your welcome! I pay for yours now!

Ps I’m still your biggest fan Barack. You deserve to enjoy every minute of your time   I was a head teacher for ten years so I do have a slight clue the hard work you did .
You destroyed our country now is time 4 u 2 leave so President Donald Trump can put it back together, thanks 4 nothing, Obamas!!!
AND HE IS DOING SUCH A TERRFIC JOB OF IT, ISN,T HE? NOT A DAY GOES BY THAT MY PRAYERS DON,T SAY, "What have we done to deserve this?"
NO.  He has to learn to read first, then
you have already played a bloodshed game in the Middle East & you are just a puppet of Israel so behave like a puppet, 
SOMEONE GET THE NET!   HE,S  LOOSE AGAIN!
.@BarackObama @POTUS You are desesperated, absolutely scared and Clinton Rebounds - you will be her Gaddafi 4ever. 
Trump will Save You
idiot!
Dear Troll,  @BarackObama @POTUS will be Gaddafi in the hands of Killary. Wait and see.
please don't leave the House.
@HillaryClinton SILENT MAJORITY STANDS WITH TRUMP
Yeah, all two of you!
Good Morning President Obama!
موفاضي يرد قاعد يجمع اغراضه بالبيت الابيض
Poor O'bummer!
You sure are a travesty on everything you touch since Bush and Clinton, and so many others.
it has dramatically raised the cost of health insurance cost for all Americans!
thank God you're almost out of The White House - Thank God America woke up and voted for Trump
now. See him play his Goebbles propaganda. You have Sicilian blood you can chart Marchese with your wife. Top private prison ..
built more nuclear weapons/warheads/delivery systems&factories.warhead spending is higher under Obama than under any president
COULD YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME
you're the dumbest president ever.Putin is laughing out loud,he's much smarter than you are.Nobel price?for what?making trouble
namaste dear obama
de 2 años y siempre lo hemos considerado como el mejor Presidente de este hermoso pais....tengo mi hermana Americana
BS Millions still could not get healthcare. You been awfully quiet since this date!
And by done you mean failed?
more money than I have 2 they are robbing me and forcing my hand in the court room my rights are being taken from me were is
The Cry of Wisdom

Wisdom-
The light in the darkness
The prescription for life
The power of peace
@CNN 
@CNN 
We hope American president support Sudanese people on their disobedience will begin on 19Dec 
#Dec19Disobedience
You are becoming dangerous for America! I don't understand your philosophy or economic policies.
Thank you for ending caps and not allowing ins to drop people when they get sick. ACA saved lives!!
Obamacare is going down the toilet thank the Lord.
奥巴马最棒
Oh ya besides forced citizens to get healthcare and have a spike in prices.
nothing you have done except cost we the people voted that's why you lost your the same old same old don't listen to the people
yavşak karaktersiz obama
DID NOT HELP ANYONE IN MY FAMILY...I have not been able to see a Doctor in 6 years
om telolet om
bayım defol git dünyayı daha fazla germe. ne terbiyesiz bir şeymişsin sen be. sevişemiyor musun bu ne gerginlik böyle.
 I LOVE YOU RECEP TAYYİP ERDOĞAN 
a big fraud is Obamacare nothing affordable
Obamacare doesn't work. Period! We are totally disappointed w/ you..you spent $85M on vacations in 8 yrs..totally unacceptable!
كلو نفر مسلم يذبح انتا سوي موت كلو كافر مسلم ينتصر ان شاء الله
what it has done? Destruction of the Middle Class. Waste of Taxpayer Money. Lowered Enthusiasm to Work. Depleted Patriotism.
Listened to the Budget and Finance, and repeal proposals; the new entities are all in as failed at testimony (Urban Institute).
Mr. Obama why are you training PKK people in Afrin? Is not the Turkish state your friend? Will human beings grow up enemies?
extraordinary
What coverage? I'm losing mine this month because I cannot afford it. Thanx for screwing us.
amerikan ucaklari dease yardim ederken
I love u obama
@randwilson99 SirIReallyBelieveThatIfOnSSIOneShouldBeAbleToReceiveDentalandVisionLikeAnyoneElseOnObamacareInMinnesotaIDidOnStat
We who have had insurance always because of you for the first time in our Golden years when we need it most are now without.
Nothing. It Has Done Nothing For Working Americans. But Medicaid Is Booming
Keep trying, but..it's been a failure. Your legacy is in for a whooping.
-  The country is in for a whooping, by a rutting pig.  We've gone from class and dignity to crap overnight.
what class & dignity..riots, destruction of property, harming folks in these riots, that's not class nor dignity.
omg.where is that supposed tolerance for others, that liberals are ALWAYS whining about? You've no idea who, if anyone, voted 4
More fake news to manipulate the puppets...lol. Obama's=major FAIL for the majority
This is logical for drugs as so many on the outside have commited drug usage crimes for example and just didn't get caught
Delousional
Yeah, thanks.  My Lupus is cured now.
عندك سلف؟؟؟
تكفا فكنا من ابو كاتم
We are tired of your socialist agenda. It is are a cancer that spreads through nations to destroy life.
Heard some of the women complaining that the single mothers are getting a raw deal. The single mother is the forgotten person,
Your dignity, class, intellect and leadership as American President will be sorely missed. I salute you
Guessing it will be a short address right? I mean, unless you plan to admit how it's totally screwed it all up.
more like screwed us over.
why President B.O. doesn't tweet anymore? The last tweet was on 11, 5th.
me fuera para aya pa miami pero si mandan todo me voy pasaje pa mi e hijos teniendo mi casa halla
my inglish is Litle Sr...President My name is Alberto Andrade so my country is Panama and my Visa  are Cancel please Help Sr.
play golf with his trans radical friends. What a selective memory. No terror attack in 8 years what about Boston to start
你好
greatman if uwere the president of our country may our country be freed from the cancer of corruption
it's a totally
night mare
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 ,, 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Legacy of a loser!Must be nice to be so blind-You've NO idea the reality REAL people live. Go away and be quiet.
Mr. Putin Super!
NOTHING!!!
nothing
Do you wonder that security and stability that you are trying to achieve in the Middle East
LIES, LIES LIES!
 
If this is fake news, and the woman's story is fake, please have it shut down and lock up the woman. https://twitter.com/Koxinga8/status/815798376931303424 …
Merry Christmas Mr.President and to your family you'v been a great leader for this nation. God bless your family.
@ava @jeffreyhayden @BobbyJChampion
BLACK POLITICIANS NEED TO IMPLEMENT "REPARATIONS" NOW, THE BUCK DANCIN' COON SHIT IS OVER7 – at Paisley Park Studios
all it did was take away affordable health care from t/working people & give it free 2 those who don't want to work.
#saveArash please
Was cause problems. YOU are personally responsible for weakening the US by NOT standing up to our enemies, KILLING over 400,000
Barack Obama is a disgrace to the nation.
Thank you for working with us.
U have don a great job for our country, I defend & fight for you know & always will, U R a True dignified Patriot + family.
Sure what obamacate did was raise pricrs for everyone. Fuckup!
thanks for all you have done president Obama-- the next 4 years will be rough
if U Surround yourself w/only sycophants,u never hear reality.Trump is also adding to his team those who dont agree,sharpens.
you have improved nought!you have ruined lives endless lives
I hope that someday I am pleased luck and met President Human obama
WE CAN PRAY FOR YOU BARRY, BUT CANNOT GARANTEE  YOUR ETERNAL DESTINY IS SAFE. STOP YOUR NONSENSE.
2 jobs, bruh. Just to tread water. Help me?
just letting you know before it happens Mr. President Obama Ameen sincerely your's Allah and u and yo family injoy yo holidays
halo blesful barack obama i get dope and i stil aint got my money im a poor victem of terrorist activeti whit out help in eur
