Congrats!! 
happy anniversary to two wonderful people. Your love, respect for one another is so inspiring.

nice kiss
Now your just an old white headed b man
good
Asshole
Wwww
It's our Anniversary today as well 36 incredible years, congrats to you and Michelle. @djgoode #HappyAnniversary
I LOVE YOU GUYS
Trump will never ever have what you two wonderful people has.
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
Yes!!!
Ahhhh, back when we had nice things.
Happy Anniversary! And thank you for what you did so gay people in the US can celebrate their own wedding anniversaries. 
#Stillmypresident. 
Happy Anniversary Mr & Mrs Obama.   How we love you.  How we miss you <3
Happy Anniversary to two of the best people in this country!
Thank you for your service and here's to many more!

Congratulations to you and your bride. You always have looked happy together. And showed so much respect for each other. I miss that in our white house. I miss you. Love to both of you.
#HappyAnniversary
Congrats Mr&Mrs Obama  .. we love and miss u both.. soooo very much! @POTUS44 @FLOTUS44
she's making you kiss her cheek just to look down at your phone to see who you're texting
YAAsssss★
Greet
Congratulations President Obama & Ms Obama! We missed both of U so much!
yes indeed Mr. PRESIDENT. ..AWESOME
Happy Anniversary! It is our anniversary today too! 7 years and counting. Glad to share the day with you both!  @EmBacklund
@MichelleObama Happy Anniversary lovebirds!
Congratulations Sir
God bless you
...Happy Anniversary Mr.President God bless you both with Good Health
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
We love you!
We miss you and your lovely family.
I wish you could take time to read through these crazy replies here #HappyAnniversary

@kmsgxx they copied us
Happy happy anniversary!!!!!  We hope nothing but the best for y’all!!!!  Wish you were in charge,would feel a lot safer
Awww!!! HAPPY ANNIVERSARY POTUS AND FLOTUS!! We love you!!
MY MANS SHOWIN OFF YO LADY
why are you texting someone else Barack? C'mon Man!
Ad hominem attacks on my appearance notwithstanding, I'm Yev, and I like your mustache.
Ok, kill em with kindness. It worked. I am sorry and thanks.
;)
good
goals 
yea POTUS
happy anniversary!
@MichelleObama
happy anniversary to you and @MichelleObama hooe god continues to bless you both 
Happy Anniversary Mr POTUS. May GOD grant U &1st lady many healthy more.I pray the 2 of U can spend some quality time real soon
It never fails every time I see a picture of these two beautiful human beings I get incredibly sad for what has been lost in 8 months
so happy to share my anniversary with such an inspirational couple! Happy anniversary!

damn

beautiful
Happy Anniversary! Love you guys!! 
:Happy Anniversary of 24 successful years#You should be proud of her
mom and dad
Fantastic Congratulations! We are going to miss you all terribly.
#RelationshipGoals Happy anniversary Mr @POTUS & Mrs @FLOTUS
@VivianFabiolaV 
@CaraleaJay @PaigeeMaurer !!!!!!!!!!
america's parents are just perfect in every way 
I miss you so much. I really do cry.

كنت يوما صديقا لهذا الرجل
We miss you.  God help us.
Happy Anniversary, Dear wonderful @POTUS44 and @FLOTUS44.
Have a WONDERFUL Day!
We love and truly miss your leadership!
Congratulations!! wish you many more happy years and blessings.
Happy Anniversary Mr. President!
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!! LOVE YOU GUYS
Happy Anniversary Mr. President and First Lady Michelle Obama.  Wish you were in office for the next 4 years.
Happy Anniversary!
@POTUS  @FLOTUS - Happy Marriage Anniversary! Many more years ahead.

@FLOTUS congrats guys 
my boy gettin top tonight
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!
@annagutteridge_ @RomieTiwana
jealous Mia 
my heart bleeds 
we've got 12 more on you!  10/03/1980!  Happy anniversary!!
@MadisonKarp
The Happiest Anniversaries to you Mr. President and First Lady Michelle. Be ever blessed.
stop trying to make October 3 about yourself
Don't Tweet and Kiss at same time! Lol
you are one of my favorite men on this planet. Happy Anniversary!
please Michelle  tell me what kind of shampoo u use for ur hair it's beautiful
@amberrlacombe @rosemarydandy jawline tho
Happy Anniversary!
@humanmayonnaise ;)
Happy 24th Anniversary President @BarackObama and @FLOTUS @MichelleObama 
I would like if I was actually American
very tweet!
Good job! Congratulations for showing all of how it's done. Blessings on you and your beautiful family.
#HappyAnniversary @BarackObama @MichelleObama
Happy Anniversary Mr. President and Mrs. Obama! Missing you guys ALREADY! God help us all.
@lilmomo35 I never tweet but ....#seriously
sweet tweet
@wtffkarinna why are you retweeting obama pictures
bc its cute and my life goals

Awe bute y'all goals asf 
best wishes sir!
I bet Reggie Love is have a fit right about now. Wish he was Michelle. I bet.
ugh.
@larryhatcher1
in October 20, 2017 it's 1/4 century together.  Way to go!
A ICON LIKE THAT BROOO
congratulations to you both .a wonderful couple 
Happy anniversary to the most impactful power couple I think I will ever see in the White House..
soft lad
I Love You Both !!!
Congratulations Mr.President and to you as well @FLOTUS! . They do make us better men.
Unlike #Trump who makes you wanna shower.
And even then, you still feel dirty. Ugh.
There's something wrong with him. He's a bloated #Manbaby
For sure! Kelly had him under control, but after that ass whipping Hill gave him, the IDIOT lost it!
I'm starting to believe the conspiracy #Killery planted him to run against her. #BernieGotPlayed
No conspiracy, he was a plant.
He's gonna start a race war.
@MichelleObama HAPPY ANNIVERSARY 
congratulations to the both of you. I wish you many more!
@kyraxmarie
Here's to AT LEAST 24 more!
congratulations !
@eli_wrestler happy anniversary . We love your love..
how lovely what is also lovely is the TALL WHITES in the USA may we acknowledge these beings in the future when you announce
et alien disclosure I just love them so much
Happy Anniversary to you both and THANK YOU for everything?
congratulations sir.. Very few respect relationships like you. We are presenting our best wishes on this occasion. Regards.
HappyAnniversary Mr.President!
KMA
please stay.. PLEASE
TY Mr. President. Thank You For Taking Your Marriage VOWS Seriously. How Could U NOT When Michelle Is Your Partner?
happy Anniversary
congrats on your anniversary
Happy Anniversary! 
, Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
@bulldoghill We as Americans, are immensely proud of the Obama's. Thank you for service and love of country. Obama's Rock.
Congratulations Mr. President and First Lady! Thanks for the memories...solid as a rock.
*too
Happy anniversary! My husband and I share this date with you!
@blood_nitsa

u go POTUS!!!
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur Bouddha,
I LOVE MY PARENTS
happy anniversary sir :) wish u both good luck and a happy life :)
Obama and IsIs are two sides of the same coin
Ed's TV shows up on my phone weird and wonderful edit spreadsheets online and buy some new sunglasses to wear
Happy Anniversary Beautiful, Awesome couple. You ROCK!!
I see you clearly....but who you kissing?
Happy anniversary
Good stuff
Beautiful 24 years!
@hartda49
Happy anniversary to a beautiful couple! May God continue to bless and keep you and your family! 
awww
I love you 
mistaken people but a great marriage. Michelle is terribly wrong on so much but so impressive
@cutyourlilheart nois
freaking awesome! Following your lead...
.

.happy anniversary
congratulations
congratulations from NB, Canada....and may u have many more!
Happy Anniversary Mr http://President.xxx 
@POTUS 
Enough of that! We've got an election to win!
Congratulations Mr President... all the way from Ghana
@michelleobama Happy Anniversary! #marriagegoals
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY TO WORLD MOST LOVEABLE MARRIED COUPLE I YOU ALL SO MUCH YOU HAVE BEEN SUCH AN INSPIRATION IN OUR LIVES
Happy Anniversary to you and Michelle, President Obama!
A bigger achievement than Presidency
@Dorothydotspenc Ok, Mr. President !!
我是中国人民，我希望奥巴马总统连任，特朗普或者希拉里都最好别上台
SWEET. When great minds can stay together and understand each other
Happy anniversary.
Happy Anniversary!
last months enjoy
Congratulations to you both. Happy stories DO happen, among trouble and setbacks.
. .need help putting my story out.
happy Anniversary #fromspain
Great and Prefect .Happy Anniversary
Congratulations! Good health and long life.
happy anniversary 
I AGREE!!! It's hard work, but the benefits far outweigh the work. We're on 48.
congratulations
my parents are 60th anniversary, came from Mexico, now U.S. citizens, would be nice if they got congrats. From you. Best to you
Ey POTUS you gon fuck real good tonight huh
Michelle Obama is bae 
@MichelleObama happy anniversary to two great humans 
Happy Anniversary Mr. and Mrs. President Obama
awwww, so very sweet!
Happy Anniversary!
@people goals
Keep her by your side! I'm 4 behind you!
can you guys just stay a little while longer? We can just go white-out the 22nd amendment no prob!
