
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда,
オバマ大統領ハンサム、こんにちは、あなたは、おはよう、こんにちは、良い夜、喜んで、主に、仏陀、イエス・キリストが、あなたを祝福,平和、健康、幸福を祝福し、さようなら
Kids 16 and 17 years old were kicked off of  Hoosier Health worst President history.
Obama never cared about middle class  took their health insurance away gave it to people that don't  work or in this country illegally
帥歐巴馬總統，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,願,主,耶和華,佛,耶穌基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快樂,再見
Thank you for covering Iranian hospital with cash while providing a poor system for the US.
if healthcare should be universal right, why should anyone pay anything at all? it should be free for everyone for any reason
أوباما قبح الله وجهك ..
لانك خذلتا المسلمين ..
اأن أمرك أن تدخل بالاسلام فوا ..
وجمبع من هو كافر
Haha, going dark.
帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
وهل تعتقد أن يسوع المسيح هو الرب أو ابن الرب
You're Fired!!! 
Better than a lying cotton candy haired pumpkinhead.
Hello my dear brother good even if I like him so much but why Gaddafi
Unfortunately, liberal Labour and Tory are going to bring that to our country in the future, and it won't just be the Tories like many think
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982904600339546113 … 9001
Did you like it ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L  
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time 
…
thanks
Thank You So much Mr. President You Saved me ♡ You are my Hero ♡ I miss You being the President So much :"(
You are the best of the best of this life time
Amen.
NO. My premiums and deductibles have skyrocketed with this program and I have less choice of providers. This program stinks!
why people want everything cheap?
Face the reality that your healthcare plan, just like your presidency, is a FAILURE!
Trump doesn't like Mexicans and you support him...where is your dignity...
Hillary doesn't like us needy taco bowls either so ill vote for the best person to run , @realDonaldTrump
you are obviously a fake Mexican made in Trumpland
Hi sir next time you America Trump place u
a singular Witt! Thanks for Nothing!
http://apple.co/2nHgbDO   #SignOfTheTimes  #Scandal  #AmorESexo  #Vertigo2017 #Riverdale
#SomethingDifferentOutNow
.   Anhieogfdvvcuilkjzmpovvvvi
yes and your deductible is $25,000  -- still think you are covered????
OhMyCare plan... so great for the dead, but the Trump Plan is PRO LIFE.
http://paknewstechnology.blogspot.com/2017/02/auto-delete-your-facebook-account-after.html?m=1 …
love it. Please come back President Obama please
with how much you can pay as well just because I'll cover you at $3,000 a month
THAT'S A GOOD ONE !!!
I'VE been a,critic and a  praiser, but I have always been a 100% supporter, Thank You for making us better AMERICANS,
more b*******
the best form of #healthcare is #Forgiveness let go of the #Bitterness and #LiveLifeToTheFullest
sorry but Americans can't afford it!!
Obamacare, another way of stealing from those who work, to give welfare to those who won't.
Mr soon to be b.ex.President maybe on.the.QT.u.can.once.again hook up.with.Bill.ayers and …http://Bernadette.Dohrn.How.u.gt.away.wht.it.1.will.nvr.no 
Mr President you if.u do.yur hmwk.u.will b.ashamed.of yurslf
, Thank you from an ovarian cancer survivor from her 20's to 50's.  I have been uninsured (pre-cancer) before and it was awful.
thanks for all that you have done for kids with preexisting conditions
who can afford it?
hole l love u much u a,a gd man
wow That is more than a little creepy and weird.
@kennygris1 simple you are still lying.
hope the protesters at Standing Rock have coverage. Looks like government action or inaction is causing injuries to them.
does this mean my tax $ are going to mummy healthcare? Typical gov waste
@gmo1stmimi Oh, Trick - or - Treat!!
#POTUS @POTUS @gmo1stmimi Did the #POTUS endorse the ad? Don't forget to #VOTE #StrongerTogether #LoveTrumpsHate #GoVote
yourr so corrupt

freeze the account as soon as possible. Request you have to do. After freezing the account,remitted back to the United States,
FBI Director should publicly apologize. Then resign. ASAP
: Too many bought into Obamacare didn't have the 'correct' program to cover their issue. But you knew this- right?
Illegally in the country still covered. way past time #Dictator @BarackObama upheld the laws passed by Congress #ObamaForPrison2017
#StandingRock
itll only cost you you're remaining organs or limbs, house, car, and first born
Covered in debt with a useless insurance
But I can't even afford Obamacare. I make $200 a month to much for Medicaid. I've been unemployed for 6 months. I'm living on food bank food
But being a Senior Citizen IS a pre-existing condition.
NY State in violation of ACA simply refuses to cover some Seniors.
just like your voters
viva Barack Obama
you can find it, but you cant AFFORD it! #failedhealthcarelaw
Liar. I have tumors galore but your health care landscape leaves me without REAL care and in DANGER of pneumonias EVERY YEAR.
GERMANY DOES HAVE HEALTHCARE EVERYBODY DOES HAVE THE RIGHT TO GET ONE AND NO INSURANCE CANNOT SAY WE WILL NOT PAY
how can you set back and let police pepper stay, shoot bean bag, and blast protesters with mega speakers.  Respect treaties!!!!
Shame on you for putting this garbage in and claiming to help the American people.
yes, insurance for you for only 2/3 of your take home pay. They'll get the other 1/3 in the crazy deductibles.
paying full price in the marketplace and getting a 54% increase in pa #letdown
stop the lies and stop posting this bullshit
we will find our needs
WAKE UP! My wife had cancer. HEALTH INSURANCE avoids pre-existing conditions by canceling the PLAN they are on not the POLICY!
remember how many children with cancer can have care because there is no Preexisting condition in Obamacare or any disease
But you will have to take out a large bank loan.
the biggest issue to date... I think what you do is amazing I don't want anyone else to die because of the lack of healthcare
@markmcwatters about that ratings grab at the end of a prez's second term...
no I can't! Too expensive!
@HealthCareGov almost a $1, 000 a month for health insurance.. total BS! #sickening I can't say I'll have coverage now. #SMDH
we need to be able to afford it.
U got it babe!
Yes, but now I can't afford coverage. Our policy will increase 43.14% in 2017 #itsastep
INSURANCE COMPANIES ARE THE "VILLAINS"- PROFIT not customers- is their SOLE OBJECTIVE 
how about limiting the coat, while you're at it. Oh, and DAPL Standing Rock, Mr. President. DO SOMETHING!!!
keep the good work POTUS... you're a true role model.
Insurance rates go up that's what they do.
if you pay, $367 2016 to 1015 2017 to keep doctors! Thats with subsidies! Its a disaster, stop lying!
u really are a special man. I think I'll call you ed
Please fund Drug treatment I used to be a hope to die Dope fiend Now I'm a Hope Fiend clean and sober since 1/28/88
people can't afford the $5k deductibles. You're crazy. Obamacare sucks. 25% increase in costs next year? Get outta here!!!
Just don't try to use preventive care. You end up paying bill yourself. Mislead and disappointed!!!
unless that pre existing condition is low income!
no one can afford your crappy as coverage and then you fine them for not being able to afford your crappy ass coverage
Are you telling me we're preforming tax payer funded operations on dead people? That seems like a small bit of waste.
LOL OK
Obamacare is an unmitigated disaster that is negatively affecting millions of people.
you are a liar!! 786 a month in not affordable.  Does your family have obamacare?

no,  they're just wrapped up in mounting debt and lower take home pay due to soaring costs for insurance.
.@BarackObama Can't find an affordable plan unless you widen the gov't dole to include 90% of us. It's always been a gateway to #singlepayer
b****t you still praising #brokenObamacare .at least realize something before its too late #NotAfordable #ObamacareFail #liars
Meet my needs?  What I need is to keep my money so I can afford to raise my kid!!! Affordable healthcare is not affordable!
Brincadeira!!! Rrs
my co-worker switched, and he said it is the worst healthcare!
Obamacare is a failure just like your presidency
really?
The king of the long con.  Sure they have coverage but the deductible prevents any payment on their behalf.
VERY FEW DOCTORS WILL TAKE THE PLANS. WE SHOULD NEVER HAVE GOV`T CONTROL OF OUR HEALTH CARE., OR PENALIZE PPL. FOR NOT HAV. INS
your presence is felt all over the world but America needs you more than ever.please guide your nation to the fullest.tc
you are great
Thanks for penalizing me for not being able to afford it.
but not a price I dont make enough $ 2 pay $422 payment + don't qualify for lower price #irspenalty ironic + I voted for you
prices way too high & dwindling choices.... not as advertised!
sure, if you can pay $2200 a month.  That's "affordable."
Some people are going broke just for health care!
jai pas peur mansieur obama ....el'ikhlasi  el'sourah                           le messie sofa
premiums are skyrocketing. Can you plz fix this b4 u leave office? Tired of the corporatracy ALWAYS winning.
Thanks to Obamacare I am much poorer today.  Good idea.  Poor execution.
Thank you very much
Yeah... just can't afford it.
Hope......
no you can't.   Ppl are having to apply for food stand to cover the rising cost of your health care plan #RapeTheCuntry via you
. Scarry!! Mummies get covered too. Well I shouldn't have a problem. Just trying to find a just over broke. A JOB. Lol
. Maybe I am to old to work...lol And old soul trying to find a job. On  an . Lol
.  So you can be half dead and still get covered!! Looking like a mummy. Lol
I don't think Obama's dumb I just think it was to much for him to handle and Hillary can't do this job REAL TALK
I hate that you are leaving the white house with so many loose ends trump will have to fix your lousy half done jobs
same old excuses blame some one else for your mistakes ppl are smarter than you think Obama Hillary ain't that smart leave
Highly appreciable initiatives.
I WOULD RATHER DIE THAN BE A SLAVE TO INSURANCE PREMIUMS! THIS IS DISGUSTING! JUST LIKE INDENTURED SERVITUDE! WE DEMAND LIBERTY
BULL! NOBODY CAN AFFORD IT NOW!



how does one survive when half of their monthly paycheck goes to pay for insurance premiums??
https://youtu.be/c5UGtRs09bo 
RUSSIAN DO NOT SURRENDER!!!
hello

V.V.PUTIN-IT IS VERY,VERY GOOD PRESIDENT IN WORLD!
I am not a US citizen but I don't want that racist and bigot Donald Dum to use the news story to his advantage...!
this image is friggin freaky
The arrogance of Socialists. They expect prices to behave like soldiers, to receive orders and carry out their commanders will
call me crazy, but how about citizens get free healthcare and military engagement is paid by those who call for it? #thinkbro
i guess @BarackObama is going to go out pretending that he got the job done with obamacare
I'm real- canceling health ins cheaper w/penalty.  SWF $85k. Prem @ $600/mo 5k deductible. Healthy 52yr #unaffordableinCA
#Rajeev_Naidu
pretty sick when you can't afford to get health care but you can't afford not to? Lose for the people win for political elite
Is to feel love for humanity created by God, know the needs of  everyone.
It's funny that people who can well afford health insurance are the people that complain about the fine. Apply people.
you can find it, but you won't be able to afford it.
HEY YOU TERRORIST PIECE OF SHIT I HOPE YOU BURN IN HELL @realDenaldTrump
hahaha STOP YOUR LIES. TELL THAT TO ARIZONA THAT RATES ARE GOING UP OVER, THAT'S OVER 100%

PLUS cost of medicines have SKYROCKETED,
Follow Me If U Like @BarackObama
are you trying to convince yourself.
Obamacare is nothing but horrible coverage and deductibles at ridiculously  high prices. #unaffordablehealthcareact
lier
Please advocate to expand Urban Indian Health! We have one doctor for 100,000 Indians in IL.
need to make it AFFORDABLE please.  Then it's a #win.
