Together and with the Churches and with many others we object to pornography of any kind being made available in Great Britain.
Obama says the greatest war is against discrimination terrorists are a jv team, nothing to concern ourselves about!
Americans tolerant of all rich people regardless of race, etc.
it's a abomination and it's not natural and you are living in sin
Greed and killing are sins, but are the American way.
Progress! Obama please resign. Is this ideology progress, or your values, & incoherent non sense!
He can't control Bernie so that would never have worked.
Clinton Inc owns Obama, Dem Party.
MASSIVE BULLSHIT. HC won POPULAR VOTE. She lost to BO in 08. Dem party has hist of delegates switch. to cand leading in pop vote.
Strong man u are
we'll be a lot better without the illegals! I had to turn Republican 
Love. Define it. True love, God's love is holy. True love died on a cross for sin. Sin is defined by Scripture just like love.
Amen!!! God, the Creator of the universe and everything in it, defines it as a sin.
The only sin here is your hateful attitude.
Nope, no hating here. Just stating the truth.
I am so sorry! I had no idea that the "truth" was from a book of fairy tales.
You should read it and maybe gain some insight and knowledge.
You should read a history book and gain some insight and knowledge.
I do, it's called The Bible.
@bensonbrandon10 proud of you Brandon
Gee thats so nice. Obama realy cares about American people. He loves us so much, he gave us obamacare
¿yes?
Obama has done some good. I know this. But, he still a continuation of Bush Neo Con policies.
Actually, the Dem rt wing proved much more dangerous since B Clinton.
Amen
that's not why I voted for you!
you are the best predident of Usa
There is sin involved in gay sex which is not a good thing. St John reminds us that there is a sin that leads to death.
There needs to be a separate place put aside for those who go around buggering up other people's marraiges and families.
@BarackObama
Sad that Clinton "war on poor," and disabled, goes on. US eagle can't fly with two right wings.

JUST IN: Pres. Obama endorses Hillary Clinton for president. "I'm with her." 
Disappointed. American eagle can't fly with two right wings.
Destroying America from within is NOT progress. #NEVERHILLARY #TRUMP2016!!
@skookerG   POB, please tell Bernie to go home. #DropOutBernie
Complex grown-up issues, but Clinton ensures Trump win, disaster for US.
Who the hell asked you?
Who the hell needs your permission?
Guess what, libtard: #loveloses!
You sure about that?
Really doubt Obama sits around reading tweets.
Recall this! https://igg.me/at/EasyColorExpress …, http://easycolorexpress.com 
Roads & Buildings not progres, but business for investors ;  animal & human safety is real progress.
Funny how you talk about progress but continue to support our corrupt political system. #Oligarchy #HillNo #BernieOrBust
Since you care so much about progress, how about closing down that there Guantanamo Bay like you promised 8 years ago...
How long did it take Clinton to "support" gay marriage again? A progressive would support Sanders. A hack supports Clinton.
Destroying the #infrastructure of our country. #Tyranny
That's... inexplicable.
And I wonder if all the women/children tht r being assaulted/exploited n bathrooms now feel this is progression?!
Learn about issue before speaking up and looking foolish.
http://www.dailywire.com/news/5190/5-times-transgender-men-abused-women-and-children-amanda-prestigiacomo …
I do not agree of yours. We have to help them to be transformed in better staus and they do too, it would be ture freedom^^
Obama does not care about love = love. Greedy Obama cares about money =  money.
I'm more sadden by how far we've fallen
Are you including yourself in there, thus using the pronoun "we". Very inclusive of you.
gracias por ser un buen presidente
Is this supposed to comfort them....knowing that they are an ISIS target....again...you are a coward and a liar
could you please allow me a full pardon to receive my drivers license back in Iowa from Illinois holding it back? Thank you!
u hate gays stop lying
https://www.facebook.com/AllenBWest/videos/10153915542446729/ …
we"re becoming a murderer state
Obama continues figting Americans as enemies instead of ISIS. Thank God he wasn't leading us in WWII we would have lost!
It is possible that Almighty God objects to abortion and euthanasia and homosexual adoption?
ur laughed at by the whole world.Ignorant evil tyrant who stands 4 homosexual,evil Muslims &  against our country.Despicable ur
don't remember you doing anything, you should be ashamed that the Supreme Court overturned it. Dems did nothing for equality
@BarackObama
well done ,we love u
trump harassed you for years about your birth , you should have called him out long ago , a racist that is what he is.
Obama the name that you should be calling out is Donal trump , call him what he is a racist you should a long time ago.
progresses is not more of the same PROGRESS IS BERNIE SANDERS KICKING TRUMP ASS OR TRUMP KICKING HILLARY
Is that WHY you prohibit DOJ, FBI and DHS from properly monitoring Radical Islamic Terrorists, like the Orlando Killer? #LGBT
driving the "civilization vehicle" toward a cliff is not progress.
https://appsto.re/us/DFb8cb.i 
Condemned  of muder. ban on immigration for muslium  isn't bst soluation  but more care full
Clinton, housing crisis. Busch, three wars. BO, Isis. progress
you Obviously hate America and allowing the Jihad .
Thank you Mr. President for encouraging all of us to cultivate a deep love for each other.
We agree! , https://igg.me/at/EasyColorExpress,easycolorexpress.com …
that's why they are being murdered. It's a sad world we are in these days :(
I Love you Barack Obama but you made a mistake with the gay lesbian thing. They are way too "in your face" that's why
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
how prescient #LoveIsLove
why not child molesters? They were born that way and killers as well all proven born that way where is there loveislove? Crit
gay love is a perversion. I am saddened that our president has done so much to erode our social morality
gay sex is percerted
love isn't love...it's not nor ever will be equal. It can't
Dear Mr President, thank you 4 teaching tolerance of differences. Another person's lifestyle is not ours to judge. =love
愿逝者安息
@comingoutmarion this is shit love is man & woman so fu.k gays and lesbians
mdr
no
Progress.
@OperaStarr I don't mean to correct you mr. President but it's LGBTQ+ pride month
@calendarurie lets just keep Obama in
b4 or after how many are killed by Radical Islam phsycos?!?!
we've gone back 50 yrs thxs to u. .Hey your buddies struck again #orlando trumps right AGAIN
no, liar, perversion isn't love. I guess you think polygamy and aunt-nephew marriage are acts of love. #husbandandwife #impeach
Corporate Shill Hillary over Bernie? What a shame America is in serious trouble & that was not the right choice to save it
thank you Mr president
I love Obama so much 
and pull when necessary Barack ...
@BarackObama
I am proud of who I am, our progress and you Mr. Obama. We will continue the fight and thank you for speaking out. #Lovewins
BHO IS A LIER & 
CROOK, UNPATRIOTIC, HATES THE USA & A SUPPORTER OF TERRORISM 
UNDER LAW A TRAITOR 2 USA
clinton IS BHO 2.0..!
homeless people are more critical than what u support !
i thought the main reason are politicals American with middle East..my best regards
@BrandenJMusic #LoveIsLove
these haters are mad cause your taking your Obama phones back
we will miss the jazziest president ever to swag this earth
you really think you have done such a done job with America?  You better go back and think about what you've done, Barack
it's way overdue
People, are going to miss you when your gone. Wether they liked you or not. Luckily Hilarry's on her way. #ImWithHer
#LOVEISLOVE IS A LIE! ISIS HATES CHRISTIANS, GAYS, HELL THEY HATE #EVERYONE! U WILL BE WATCHED BY THEM! R U READY #TakeControl
I GOT LUCKY AND THERE WAS A OPENING ON GETTING WATER BOARDED...
this is atrocity in God's eye and that of man.
You've taught and deceived your consistence to accept evil as good.
What about the dignity of the over 80,000 people in solitary confinement? Dignity of homeless veterans? #horriblepresident
A wise nation has God at it's head and keeps all the Ten Commandments daily. No man can serve two masters. God is King.
like what I suggested to Hillary & DMC to offer Donald a kingdom or Hitlership in Germany. Not here Bud.
Way to go, Obama! *thumbs up*
hey how'd you get that rainbow heart emoji
94 Million unemployed,10 million on Food stamps,12 million claiming disability all in your term. FYI:I voted twice for you
You're a disaster and a big disappointment and the shock is that so many people have been fooled!
indians love u obama
don't let trump turn the clocks back
@PROMOMissouri Thank you for everything, Mr. President.
#lovelslove
#LovelsLove
enduring ? Really? Is it that bad ?
it's not that bad Trans people are just trying to live a good life like everyone else
How can you endorse someone under FBI investigation ?
TRAITOR!
Thank you Mr. President for your service to this country! You Dir are a GREAT PRESIDENT!
:)
Won't support this. It's one thing to be sensitive, and protective, of those who choose this lifestyle, without promoting it!
#LoveIsLove but LoveIsToughSometimes!
No ones worked harder than U to divide this country I'm amazed at someone whose supposed to b so smart sound so fucking stupid
We miss you already
Love is love and immorality is immorality. I am not proud of what you promote, and I'm not proud of you.
Recognized the rights of gay !!! and did'nt recognize the rights of #Palestinians
Yes Mr. President @BarackObama  proud of 
gay generation!! ،of generation against all religions
You SHOULD BE PROUD
IF
YOU ARE PEACE CONTROLLER
NOT
PROVOCATING & CREATE TENTION
FALSE TRUTH &
DOUBLE STANDARD
CARE REFUGEES
#THANKYOUOBAMA For the progress you've made in so many areas &4 continuing to #ActOnClimate #LotsOfLove #Election2016 #VoteBlue
ASIA IS PEACE
BUT
YOUR PRESENT
TWIST THE TRUTH
DOUBLE STANDARD
CREATE TENTION
BEGGING & KNEE DOWN TO JAPAN
HAD CREATE HORRABLE
PROUD TOBE HONEST
OR
PRPUD TOBE PROVOCATOR
OF UNTRUTH?
DOUBLE STANDARD
MAKE THIS WORLD UNPEACE
WITH HUGE REFUGEES?
UNSHAMEFUL?
Bless and protect all peacemaking military forces O gracious Lord God our Father we pray. Our Father. ........
I,m Proud ...and born 48 years ago. 8/6/1969 in the Village of Guede in North of Senegal.
I really had faith in this country at one time sometimes I still try to find me but I still feel you are a liar it saddens me
you disappoint me as a president and as a man you are just a puppet in the Palm I bought it for you 2 times having faith
Thank you!  #LoveIsLove
This is what you think about when the middle class's net worth has shrunk by 25% under you while the 1% has grown by 37%
If you want progress why have you endorsed a criminal?
I am Proud & I'm Proud to have had You as our President for the past 8 years.  THANK YOU President Obama ! I Love You & Hillary
WHY ARE U LEAVING
Maqsood Anwar Focuss Press Pakistan
Amazingly far, amazingly proud.
Thank you. From 58 year old lesbian that never dreamed we would come this far in my lifetime. Tears of joy washing over me
i thought america was in god we trust? god doesnt support gays
No more progress, you will fall off the edge of the land and endup in March where U came
You will not stifle us, done with you...
