Revelation 2:5
Remember therefore from where you have fallen; repent and do the first works, or else I will come to you [1/2]
quickly and remove your lampstand from its place—unless you repent. [2/2]
Obama has no need to repent! Your holiness in the WH, however, needs a full cleansing! Go back there and step off of Obama! 
Have a demonic crush?
Trumps followers have a demonic crush, apparantly! They follow blindly even though he isn't following his promises! #Brainwashed
I'm sorry you're illiterate. I mention nothing of a crush. Perhaps re-read my posts?

Right there . 
Thank you.

Wtf are you babbling on about. Trump has spent this week partying w/ Muslims. You're weird.
wow, what a coincidence....Obama IS a Muslim.
Trump is potus & will be impeached for treason. But you keep chanting about Obama during the trials if it makes you feel better.
If O'liar wasn't impeached for his plethora of crimes....no president ever will be. Google is your friend.
miss you, Mr. President. I wish you could be back in the White House, leading our country!

Prayers going out to everyone in the UK. 
Amen amen 
Bendiciones fuerzas!!!
I MISS YOU!
Love you and miss you the best president ever.
come back
We need you.
We really miss you @BarackObama
MISS YOU SO MUCH
come back
Your always a stand up Man!

Name one thing Trump has passed. He can't even get Trump care to pass, the smartest thing Congress has ever done. Trump hasnt done shiit
Well, the mentally ill can now buy guns, hunters can kill hibernating bears, and companies can poison the water supply, so it's not nothing.
That was all happening with guns before hand anyway.  That's not just now happening. Do you know how many mentally ill own hund already.Smh
I was just pointing out that @realDonaldTrump had done a few evil things, rather than nothing ;-)
I agree with you completely.  I can't stand Trump. I say impeach his big mouthed arse
#sethrich
#ramadan
#MemorialDay
Hmmm we still won popular vote by how much again, oh yea A COUPLE MILLION
I agree
no you don't, muslim brotherhood has told you otherwise. #sethrichmurder will catch up mr. socialist.
You, Merkel and others destroyed the West. Congrats. You endangered us all. Stay retired, shut up already.
Its been a while obama ...have a nice one buddy #StandTogether

Why are you talking
Go away. Nobody wants you anymore
This coming from a terrorist! You were the one who opened the flood gates for illegal immigration! Hope you can sleep at night
YOU ARE MISSED
I miss you with every fiber of my being.
YOU ARE SAD
Decent Americans will at any rate.
@POTUS44  Please come back @BarackObama ! @realDonaldTrump is screwing things up! @POTUS #PresidentInTraining
So  nice to see you in tweeter ,Mr.Obama
PRAYER NEEDED FOR THOSE THAT DEVASTATED WITH THIS  TERRIBLE ACCIDENT .
we're praying for them
WHEN YOU ALLOWED OPRAH FARRAKHAN AND JAMIE FOXX TO CALL YOU MESSIAH YOU SET YOURSELF UP FOR ETERNAL TORMENT
WHAT YOU CREATED IN YOUR 8 YEARS WAS FALSE PEACE
AND THEN IN THE MIDDLE OF YOUR FALSE PEACE YOU BETRAYED ME THE HEBREW AND THE JEWS THE PEOPLE OF GOD
SO YES YOU WILL BE THE FIRST TO BE IN THE LAKE OF FIRE THERE IS NO FORGIVENESS FOR YOU
WHERE'S THE PEACE THAT YOU PROMISED
WHY IS THE WORLD WORSE OFF
ALL YOUR FOLLOWERS WILL FOLLOW YOU TO THE LAKE OF FIRE INCLUDING MY OWN MOTHER
BUT YOU ALREADY KNOW THIS

Come back dad
Now those words of comfort are presidential. Thank you!  You are missed by this American.

I miss you
Thank you, Mr. President, Sir, from a Brit now living in the US.
As a Brit you gave your country away and now you come here. The greatest country in the world we don't want to be like Europe
Are you by chance a big Russian bear? Asshat.
29 followers, probably.
29 followers or 10,000 followers If the message Rings true then the truth hurts sweetheart and you know I'm right
29 followers = russian bot.
9 followers = WannaCry bot.
No. of followers needn't mean bot, I had 32 in April. I know I'm real. I also lived in Bruhl, over by Schwetzingen, for 7 years.
Go away, Barry!
Thank you! When god created you he broke the mold! God bless you and your family! Missing you guys something fierce!
Read the Old or New Testament recently or do your Google searches only focus on your troll topics? No one group corners the market on this
What in the world could we do for a miracle to happen so we can get you BACK?? You are the epitome of compassion, class, morality and LOVE.
He's a demon and you are the biggest airhead there is. Besides his illegal birth certificate that he's being investigated about.
The mental health institution also helps people on drugs, AND is covered by #OBAMACARE. Hurry, get help before pre existing cond. goes away
Honey if you want to destroy your temple through drugs, you go ahead and do that. Not my style. Do some research on the DSM5 through CCHR.
@Mediamedic1 I've read DSM4&5. Where does it say medication shouldn't be used?
If you think the DSM5 is fair, I'll laugh at you
イギリスの障害者に向けては、素敵に太陽をしているのをみたら、いいですね。

.@BarackObama .@guardian .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
You always know just what to say sir.  Thank you.
your a joke
a true leader!

Hi Barack Obama, we The Sanford and Robinson Family miss you very dearly, In White House and Formely President Barack Obama your family will always have our Prayers and Memories, your Truly Mary Ann Sanford Robinson and Fitzgerald Jerome and

Your are great leader and legend in the Galaxy. .
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tips-mengetahui-kelayakan-blog-dan.html …
NRA SUCKS!
If liberals wouldn't allow refugees into these countries, there would be no one wounded or killed.  Liberals are a grave danger to our world..
Amen to that Mr President
Yes
hello how are you doing
Thank you, Mister President. Our nation needs you so badly right now.
Shut up Wesley!
We miss you. America needs more of you. How can you get involved and do more? How can we support you?
Just Public relations and a money making scheme
Your thought process is a sadd thing
He has about as much influence now as you and me ppl
That's patently ridiculous. Ex-presidents can be very influential. Carter is arguably more valuable as ex-potus than he was as potus.
R u talking about jimmy carter?
There's more than one ex president carter?
@BarackObama You are a sadistic puke. I am SO glad you are NOT the president. You never should have been. You almost destroyed America.
The person respect. Show some respect for those lives that have been lost and put your political view to the side.
I HAVE respect for those who lost their lives, and their families. I have no respect for the "man" who funded the killers.
You still show people respect even if you don't agree with them it's the Christian thing to do.
Are you going to say that Jesus wasn't "respectful" then when He told the Pharisees they were a bunch of vipers? Obama is EVIL. Simply evil.
I personally don't like disrespecting people even if I don't like them. Why don't you pray for Obama so God can reveal the truth to him.
I sure hope that our orange president doesn't use this to continue to bash an entire religion
I so wish you were still our president.

Agreed. But GOP will not do it. We must take the house in 2018 and then we can have trump removed.
Ric. So much for democracy. Just toss it out the window. Your crying does nothing but show how immature the left and Dems are.
WhoRUkidding?UR aracist who encouragesviolence&watches ur minionsdo ur dirtyworkU did NOTHING4 any1 except urselfURaTHUG #URlegacyisfailure
Better than being a murdering animal thug!
We miss you Mr President, The Israelis Miss you too it Seems. Thank you for a great 8 years of service to your Country.
Really miss Obamas in the WHITE HOUSE
you're still MY president!!
sad
