In the meantime, I want to hear what you're thinking about the road ahead. So share your ideas with me here:
@ellis_texas @ObamaFoundation thank you for your service to our country for 8 years. Excited to see your next chapter.
his 8 years of service, just about destroyed the country.
No. By every metric, the U.S. is far better off than it was at the end of 2007.
97 million out of work 10+ Trillion of new dept, a failed health care law list go's on
You might want to turn off Fox News and read actual facts about 2008-2016.
CNN, MSNBC, ABC, Washington Post, NY Times are the worst.
A discussion won't be possible since you are not willing to use facts as basis.
So glad to see this tweet.
@maddow no rush
@MichaelSkolnik thank you both for all your hard work. Mostly for being great examples of dignity and grace.
Jennifer, love your acting disagree on politics.
that's fine. Thank you for being adult about. Much love
We all need to be adults and appreciate our democracy regardless of the side of the aisle.
#ThankYouPresidentObama please don't forget about the people we need you I wish you didn't have to go pray for us we need it
haha yes it's working. Enjoy your much deserved rest
Enjoy..we miss our 1st family already. Peace and Blessings
Take your time bub. Grab a burg and a shake and let loose.
.@BarackObama Enjoy yourselves, and thank you for being so inspirational!
omg thank you for this. It's been a day.
It. Is. On.  Keep interested in your own career, however humble; it is a real possession in the changing fortunes of time.
I MISS YOU ALREADY COME BACK
have fun dad, tell Michelle I said hi
rest up, sir. I think we'll need your strength in the years ahead. #theresistance #ObamaLegacy
@smarkowitz good riddance; worst president as per @realDonaldTrump tweet. #ObamaExits #obamaout ur cntry Destroying pols gone
Love from South Africa! Wishing you and your family only the best! Don't forget about us PLEASE! Thanks for the impact you made
Enjoy some R&R!  Miss you already!!
miss you and the wife already
PLEASE DON'T GO!!!  
oh hi
Take all the time you need Mr. President. You deserve the rest. Thank you for your service to our country.
cant wait 2 C the amazing work u & @MichelleObama will do! I'm willing 2 volunteer! Thank you 4 ur service  #obamafoundation
I salute you sir.

You four deserve an incredible vacation with lots of rest. I hope you feel the love we're all sending you. Come back soon. 
Thank you for 8 wonderful years of service Mr. President!  I will miss you!
I miss you guys already I'm so worried Mr President about so many
thank you so much!
Enjoy!  You deserve a break for a job well done!
did you tweet this via BlackBerry?
thank you 
omg I love you.
enjoy your break and thank you to you and Michelle for just being you.
Thanks for 8 awesome years! Enjoy and relax for a bit but never leave us!!
I LOVE U
Welcome back Mr! You'll always be MY president 
No he's not! 
yes he is... unless your planning on renouncing your citizenship 
There is no need to renounce my citizenship 
well if your planning on staying... then can you please tell all your Liberal besties to grab a tissue and get over it
You should buy your president tissues next time he's crying about SNL or low ratings.
I would but he is gonna be too busy rebuilding this country from what all you Leftists have done to it.
I needed to hear that you and Michelle will be back! Thanks!!!
What a shameful tweet.
enjoy your holiday , the world misses you. Omg America what have you guys done
Enjoy the well deserved time off!
We the people of The UNITED States of American need the voice of our true leader I fear now more than ever!!!
Thank You God - I'm so happy you are here - now I feel safe 
I am waiting for you! We will fight for the rights that Hitler's rump intends to take from us. Enjoy a well deserved vacation
Thanks. You shaped my kids life and their thinking forever. Respect.
your children must not be white then
it means that Barack Obama and Michelle Obama hate white people and told them that to their face constantly
THANK YOU AND MICHELLE so much for all you do.
what exactly did they do?
So far, Trump had inaug. hats made in China, not US, cut a law that would have helped 40,000 get mortgages, did away with NEA
the FIRST thing he did was sign off that Obama care 
so are you insured? Millions will not be. Only care abt yourself?
Stop Libby. No one is going to lose health care. New plan. Obamacare sucks ass. I'm not paying
Please study the issues, have compassion. Not paying? What happens if you get Cancer?
Vacation...there's a surprise.  Stay on vacation and fade away.
stay on vacation please!!!!
enjoy yourself！
WE MISS YOU!!!
More than you'll ever know...
I feel safe just knowing he's in the country again.
hopefully you won't end up in a terrible boating accident that claims the life of you and worthless Michael
wait did Flynn know about Michael too! Does the plot thicken or do people get dumber? (Rhetorical)
don't think liberals can get any Dumber girl
on behalf of all felons in America I wish to thank you for your service to the country: Too big to fail or jail.
hateful souls of the repube party must be defeated ...George w Bush all over again
Why is it hateful to criticize Obama for his policy of "too big to fail...."?
that was a Bush policy...07' 08' was when Bush was still in office Obama stepped foot in Jan. 09 buddy
I'm no fan of GB. Obama's DOJ gave Wall St banksters a pass as did Bush. Still, how does it make my tweet hateful?
first of all your tweet made no sense and only showed your hate towards the 44th prez
You need to get your head examined if you believe criticizing a former President's policies is hateful.
incoherently hating the pres is flat out hating the pres...
Didn't even notice you are gone. Big deal! Plenty of Americans are on vacation and they don't say Im am now proud to be an american.I was born proud.#patriotic
This tweet didn't age well... Trump is on day 91 of vacation- in less than a year 

Back to work doing what?  Obstructing the current President?

Worst President...EVER!
You were on vacation from day one. Please stay away....disappear. We've had enough. New sherif in town and he'll actually get things done.
PLEASE, #help my #husband he was #exonerated but still sits in prison over 25 years because of a paper technicality http://FreeKrisHelton.org 
Exonerated is not correct word. He was ordered released out right by one state and four federal judges.
@chuckschumer wiretapped any towers lately?
Quit wasting our tax dollars on your tromps around the world.  You really talked a good game, but struck out #fundyourownvacay
Working for you is attempting to belittle the man who replaced you. I would have had you in handcuffs once you hit the tarmac for violating the Logan Act. Real Patriotic...
You sir are awesome. Thank you for being who you are, and thank you for the 8 years of service you gave us. You gave us hope, and at least we can look back at those 8 years, and how things were, and hope that someday we can get past where we are now, and go back to some normalcy.
Wherever you're going please just stay there...preferably out of this country!
Back to work trying to hijack the country like you did for #Hillary? Sick treasonous POS- can't wait to see you all go down #ReleaseTheMemo
I was the only foreign person at you PIC’s group. It was my greatest honor to see you in person while carrying the flag of my adoptive State... I know your colors and your Anthem better than that of my country of birth... I’ve attended VTech for 7 years; my heart is in Virginia
How much did this cost me as a taxpayer? Doesn't your vacations cost us taxpayers millions of dollars? Oh, what work? Work taking our president down?
Yes he still has security clearance and we are still paying for his travel expenses WTF? MSM did not cover this (no surprise) but during our President's foreign trips, obama was shadowing the countries Trump was visiting! Who does that unless you have a corrupt agenda?
Hurry on back so you can get ready for your trial!!!!!
NO ONE REALLY CARES
you guys vacation to the tune of millions!  I think you took  advantage of every single REAL American in this country!
Sure you can't postpone your vacation?  We really need you right now!

Come back
Stay on vacation! You did enough damage!
Hey mr o i just wanna say you the onley person that showed me that love n respect n dignity that i always think about it exist thanks somuch i wish that  all presidents can do the same thank you you my roall model
Just say Mike & I  from now on 
What is your job and title of this so called 'Work'.  All you have ever done is go to school.  You have never worked a day in your life.  That makes you a leach or a loser or both.  Just say'in.
Enjoy! Hey why don't you just stay on vacation, permanently?
What has he done for black people? More black leaders support Trump.
Looking forward to the memo being released, big boy.
@OfficialKAG Is what STILL on you stealing from Freddie and Fannie lying to AMERICA back to Radical Behavior
Don’t hurry back from vacation Trumps got things under control. Enjoy your life it’s been a long eight years, The Presidencies been good to you, you’re a very wealthy man?
weren't you always on vacation?
@chuckschumer Please you had your 8 years. Look what happened!
back to work? Hummmm... how's that?
Quick vacation!?   lol  - you've been on a perpetual vacation for the last 10 years.
Are we still paying your golfing fees?
Work? Like taking in 400k for a speech. Going to give the $ to a charity??
Not MY PRESIDENT, MY PRESIDENT IS DONALD TRUMP
you've been on vacation for 8 years straight. Where else could you possibly want to go?
back to work doing what?

What!!! Vacation again? Didn't you do that enough in office? ;)
I'm not surprised. You guys loved your vacations while you were in office.
Working at disrupting the current POTUS?? For 8 years we where impotent and now you want to stop actual progress! Go away plz.
yes you sure do love those vacations.
Cell mate
I really wish Trump worked half as hard in the W H as you do on vacay... But then, considering what he's already wrecked with his Magic Purple Crayon, it's less destructive to have him golfing.
Ever met Danney Williams
You guys back work yet? We need you pretty badly....um. right. about. now. So much love for you and @MichelleObama. p.s. Yes, it's still on!
Please stop leading Justin Trudeau around by the nose.
Both of you need to take a permanent vacation from politics.
Work
Thought vacations was your work??!?!
Can’t wait for the FISA documents get released!  #ReleaseTheMemo  #ReleaseTheDocumemts  #TheStorm #TheGreatAwakening
Don't come back, please.

You need to be indicted for your unlawful corrupt presidency u Susan rice you're  a disgraced president karma will get u all & Hilary first
#Treason
Will never support the Dem party again in my lifetime.
My prayers for you and family! Proud of our best President.
Thanks for destroying our country. You may exit now. I hear there's room in Syria, since you opened the floodgates & let them all come here.
Stay on vacation.
we miss you Mr. President! Much love to you and your family!
Stop your law breaking behavior [sedition,Logan Act, etc] and go back to being a NOTHING like you were when you organized communities!
Do my country a favor and stay on vacation...
Welcome back!
Can't hack the day to day huh?
You’re not getting away! 
Nothing new. All you and Michelle did last 9 years, is vacation.
Get your hand out of my pocket.
Jeez.
OMG we miss you!! Love to you and your beautiful family!!
Dear Mr. President, please take the Job back... :-/ in a year I’ve developed more grey hair than yourself in those 8 years. I miss my American wife and family so much and It feels like we might not have a Thanksgiving together again. We were much happier then
Bon vacances and enjoy the well deserved R&R.  But a speedy return please Mr. President. This once great Country, the USofA, is in desperate need of you and All living past Presidents to Unite, Stand Strong & handle this fast spreading cancer known as @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
please enjoy your time, my best president, your still looking good.
You AHC was a blessing for the 1% so it is confusing them how to repeal and replace it. You were a God sent.
Go..... Away...far away
by back to work do you mean your seditious and treasonous activities against the US Govt
Lying days are here again.
liberal idiot
Why Don't You Stay On One ..
Thanks for the follow?  Yeah your twitter must be broken!  Welcome back to the real world, a little nicer than it was before.
Please don't.  Enough damage has been done.
Let me see all the damage has been done black unemployment is an all time low Hispanic unemployment is an all time low economy is booming billion-dollar companies are returning to the US. ISIS has almost been eradicated. Yeah it's looking pretty bad
Original yes. Legal no. Isn't that right Barry Soetoro? 
Why are you fighting against the success of your country?  Why?

We miss you, Mr. President. There are no words.
I love you
hey traitor
@StrawnJoy go away
@chuckschumer no thank you! You have done enough! Enjoy you're well paid retirement
I would really appreciate if yoy could donate towards my gofundme please and thank you
We miss you!
No we don't.
Hello President Obama. I hope you enjoy your vacation . I miss you. Trump is making me crazy. God bless you and your family.
please stay away and show our President Trump respect.  You didn't do jack for 8 years.
What a day. Health care is now a right. You led the way and risked your legacy along with other brave leaders. Thank you.
His health care plan robbed so much money from people's Tax returns. Under Obama the more you succeed the mare you're punished more you fail the more you are rewarded.
hope you enjoyed your vacation… It was well deserved! Hope you are ready to get back to work soon
Stay on vacation permanently!
YOU are our EX-president and now you are done! Stop being a shadow president! We shouldn't be paying for your secret service and travel expenses! U shouldn't have security clearance!
Where are you?  Come back!

It’s Over America! It’s the Apocalypse ! Nancy was right. People will have to work now!! #MondayMotivation #Patriots #NationalWeatherpersonsDay 
Certainly, you are the best president ever witnessed in my life.May God bless Nigeria and America.
Welcome back from a newbie tweeter ...but a decade long believer...we stand along with you.
No rush! Your MENA friends are on it!

I'm wondering and many Americans, are you part of the secret society, that's trying to destroy America.
Traitor everyone Hates you!!!!!!!
do you mean Michael you queer ? Oh, my bad...  he's dead --- you murdered him.
Not sure which Obama will be back after vacation. But we will miss you as most thinking leader of humanity. Enjoy whatever you do ahead.
We have an arsenal full of dirt on Trump, which we will leak out at the appropriate times.
Obama you made Twitter popular. Trump just trying to take credit.
great have fun on our dime! Please stay away Muslim man
@widowserrano BarackObama sorry to see you and your family leaving the White House. You gave us 8 great years. Hank you
Dad? Mom? Orange Babysitter Man is weird-- and mean. I miss you. When will you come back to take over again? Signed, All of Us
hope you have a good one!
which work?
@chuckschumer GOOD STAY AWAY FROM US!!....   CROOK
How does it feel the new president can do everything better than you  Including golf
See you on your way back Mr President. For someone from South Africa i've noticed and appreciates your service to the Americans & the world.
weren't you on vacation for the last 8 years?
We need you! Much respect & love always #MyPotus
I will play you in 18 holes, If I win you have to leave the Country. 

If you win I have to live in Antarctica.

Name the course Traitor.
please stay on vacation our country is much better that way
thank you both i was 23 when you were elected i wish for a 3rd term as a 31 year old every day!
Well, or maybe not so quick, but glad you're back.
Thank you for closing the lid on the toilet you put our country in
Barack you've been on vacation the last 8 years. Time to get a job? Should be easier for an unemployed liberal in the new TRUMP ECONOMY!
Miss you ! Our country is spiraling out of control 
Miss you as our president, I fear what's coming.
What work? Trying to polarize this nation even more?Trying to denigrate everything this nation STOOD for, until you came along?
Vacation? What have you really done but create a huge mess for me to clean up & lie to the public saying you are me. I am the Antichrist.
,u are loved by all and u always live in our deepest recesses , how does it feel to be free again?
u and ur family needs rest after the job u all have done for ur country don't listen too this news go too vancouver or hear ott
You're a herb
Miss you as President!
.@BarackObama Dear Mr. President, it is time, come out of hiding, stop the ATTACKS, by #TrumpET. Let's move it, defend your records! #RESIST
It is my wish our beloved POTUS Obama doesn't entered into 45th Mud Bath. He is doing a great job staying clean.
U deserve an 8 year fling. One request: Can U hook up with sum Chitown dudes and invite them to the W H to do a meet and greet with Trump?
WHY WHY WHY Could you Not make your Vacation permanent like all other past Presidents??   Get the F out and Stay OUT!!!
I'll bring the Starbucks coffee, not covfefe. 
stay on vacation
