i lv ur smile.bout i am hungry
IFB
I miss you Mr president
Michelle obama is a man ..
666
O Love Barack!
Please be our president again
So why did you deplete the army?? Why did you not take care of the veterans ??
Thank you!
Thank you. Mr. Obama.  Larry Williams
We know what you do in Iraq and Afghanistan
you are most welcome in Toronto, anytime! #youtheman
Survivor
Yes.ooooo. 

I extend my Hon ACROSS
Obama is a punk gay ass ..Michelle is s man undercover. Punk
Obama did 7/11
No, no act of terror could change us. But you sure as fuck did.
Nah no honor 4 the death of black middle class by bank fraud! Fam had 2 sell the house  grandpa built! No bailout 4 us we bled4 it u didn't
Except the terrorist act that was installing trump. That'll change things.
Amen brother!
Yes we will become better in stronger in we together will make America greater than ever before
Bless My President
That's right President Obama

Hi dear president;do not forget west Africa also.
Stau
Your dam right Barack
No one of the terrorists came from Afghanistan Mr. Obama
You lit up our White House like a gay bordello and now confused men are allowed to use my ladies public restroom!
God bless you President Barack Obama... we all miss the real Potus
No need to miss him - the real POTUS is in the White House
Amen
hey thanks Mr President, it fell so much better to know u still wit us
http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html …
We sory
Welcome back my President.
HI,PRESIDENT.

We absolutely do.  I'm happy to see you are on Twitter so we can still feel your presence.  Very important to us blue folks
Am pride of you Mr.Obama
Amen!
But you will use it to fundamentally change the America for the worst.  We are the 1st and only country to go to war to FREE the slaves...
Mr. President what is being done about Trump and the republicans move to eliminate all your accomplishments & trying to wipe out the last8?
Miss you and your family
Thank you Mr. President. 44 forever.
God bless you and your family.
We need you sir more than ever!
Hi
Can we remember the people that we lost 2008, because of the banksters wall street terrorism too!? That Terror Costa more lives...
tu es un assassin et tu le restera a vie .souviens de ce tu as fais en cote d ivoire pendant les elections presidentielles
Keep in touch with us Mr Obama
But bad imigration policy will do!
Oh ok, like the time you knew the attack on the consulate was an act of terrorism, but decided to blame it on a video instead.....
http://pieceofnews.com/?p=1873 
For me you are still the president of the USA
God bless America
Funny you never mention the heroes we lost in Benghazi on their anniversary. Why is that?
Dear Mr Obama I live in the UK & send my love & thoughts to your country. I wish you were still  President Trump has no idea. Thinking of u
It's sad to learn that a man like you still think that wasn't an inside job 
SUPPORT MY BREAST CANCER T-SHIRTS #MYPASSIONWAKESMEUP
Terorist is product of west mr former peresident
I believe that the pen is mightier..............I still think of you as my president!
He is a Muslim spy who infutrated our Whithouse spent the next 8 years selling America out.Turning everyone agsinst each other.Your the antichrist lusafer.
I was really touched when they said "one more year", you are really an amazing president!
It won't change who you are, You will always be an anti American fraud
اسامه  نونو اسامه كلب ماصل  اسامه لا تلعب قراند اسامه حالف الحمدالله رب العلمين الرحمن الرحيم وملك اليوم الدين ايكا نعبد وياك نستعين هدنا
*MEXICO EARTHQUAKE PROPHECY FULFILLED 
*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A64vKGVvKco&hd=1 …*

Video: US military trains alongside its South Korean counterparts in Pohang, South Korea https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/13/video-us-military-trains-alongside-its-south-korean-counterparts-in-pohang-south-korea/ … via @wordpressdotcom
we miss decency and respect
TRUMP SAID HE WILL TOTALLY DESTROY NORTH KOREA... WHATS HE GONNA DO, RIG THEIR ELECTION & BE THEIR PRESIDENT ?
Are you sure Osama at bahamas? Osama doesn't like bahamas. Take your time, bye.
Barack, you are not President, fix your profile. #MAGA
All Presidents retain the title for the rest of their lives. If you read a book once in awhile you'd know that.
Just shut up and go away you have almost destroyed our country
@stephanylfisher Go Trump
...a tragic loss of US citizens. But who mourns 300.000 deaths in Iraq and Afghanistan as retaliation by the international forces?! Who?!
Пидр
Go away already
You are such an Honorable man!
We miss you
Dear president request you to say something about the riots against rohingya
We remember 9/11. Hopefully our country can rebuild back to where it was before you were President. Try supporting President Trump!,

We love and miss you President Obama!  You and your family are a Class act.  Thank you for your compassion.  God bless them all!
President we miss your knowledge, wisdom, compassion, love and respect you had for the office.   I pray for you and your family!
All your dam Muslim friends right? U suck phony I see right through u...
تتسهوك يا زول
صح كلامك لكن الجمو مجنونكم هذا يا أغبياء
Says the guy who negotiated with terrorists to save a soldier who abandoned his brothers.
I love America's country very much, I can give my life and give it to this country
 
Buster
You don't have two feet to stand on.  Ex Fake President.
Hey My Prez!! We still love you guys over in Mississippi!
After Charlottesville im no longer sure thats true
Good keep you
We miss you
911 we lost over 3K innocent Holocaust 6M aborted/murdered innocent children $60M USA alone! Feel proud to have supported?
Thanks
we also same
We want you back Mr. OBAMA this country is in trouble
You will be 1 of the best presidents we every had.
Amen, but also talk to museveni not to force Ugandans into terror actions
You are still the president in my heart, soul, and mind. 
He's not in reality though
Quit living in the past snowflake 
Your heart, soul, & mind don't mean shit to reality lol
Happy Birthday queen
I think it already did and not for the better
We never forget you
@BarackObama we miss you Mr.President, and it's increasingly evident
U released TERRORIST and gave them STUFF
You're term is done. Go back to Chicago or wherever & leave the American public alone to repair the damage u caused
mr Baeack obama , u should also remember the innocent people who are killing in Barma, afghanistan and pakistan.
I miss you Mr. President.  So many of our country miss you. Hope you, Michelle & the girls stay safe & be happy
Great reads.. the future of foreign intelligence by Jonathan Landaw, 2001 to 2020

We need you back in the white house sir
Thank you for repping with character and integrity . You have set a standard for compassion and service #builttobebroken
Yes
But I thought Islam was religion of peace. It's a death cult! You've allowed harm to come our country. You took an oath to protect us.
#1 Islam is not a cult.  There are just some extremists that take things too far. #2 How did he "allow" any harm to happen to this country?

  Do not forget who made this
And we are vast and multitudinous. #DemocraticVistas
Come back.. please!!!!! Ugh..
wish we remember all those who are killed in Iraq and Afghanistan
I love this guy sm
vace ypu
Which is why i wish presidents would handle their own personal beef with each and leave the citizens out of it.. Seriously
Well said
Thanks u sir we miss you
Barak.Good that you remember the 9/11 but do you remember the Gazza massacres committed by your unconditional allies using ur weapons
No act of terror will change our mindset
https://www.youtube.com/embed/IG8U-LOkHF4 …
This link works! You are the worst president in American history and have set African Americans back thousand years
How?
Hi! thinking well... I'm glad your message box does not work .
Damn,  I LOVE YOU, MICHELLE, THE GIRLS, AND ALL YOU STOOD FOR & REPRESENTED!!!!
THE MIC DROP WAS DA BOMB.......BUT IT BROKE MY HEART...:(
Once in a lifetime experience, never another president like this
We miss you deeply!  We want you back.
When visit USA I'll talk whith you.
Thanks
Let us hope our government doesn't attack our own people and blame it on other countries.
Thank you for your words and your service to lead our nation and defending those values as best you could! We see gods work at hand
Very comforting, but your predecessors had an 'enemy within' problem that still has not been addressed.
I wish we were better than who we are.
Very true.
What was the mistake of Afghan Innocent people?
May fortitudes to bear and replace the loss with great men of visions,callings and ideas
You and Rahm Emmanuel are the problem. Everyone was so fried from the Bush era that you got away with lying to us all. Shame on you.
I am a lawyer in Chile
Empty rhetoric
Love, love, love, U, Mr. President! #forevermypresident!
Even in Canada we miss u
Before your mandate Usa was a united Country.
Now it's a divided Country.Full of comunist trush and illegal immigrants.Your biggest crime!
Haha united! Sorry but the us has never been united. This orange P.O.S is dividing the country
Terror actions should not be encouraged on other nations and peoples, no matters the circumstances. God is not God of violence
Amen
That's right my President
Definitely Mr. President.
Barack Obama you have a Christian heart and that's what we need please run for election again
Still propagating the conspired drama of CIA
Well said. 
So proud to have had you as our president.  You made America proud!
Amen
Oh now you use the word terror... I am so glad your not my President, I didn't vote for you.
