eight years we will never get back. To think the "crazy old man" Clint Eastwood was right about the empty suit named Obama.
@evgeni No, he fed the American people a partisan agenda. He's a communist! #4moredays
OK I will take your word for that. Please some.more wisdom with me! Maybe you will convince me.
Jib Jab card to say THANKS! http://www.jibjab.com/view/Y_gYY_q2TjmuQWcw_dp6ag …
don't go :-(
I just Pray President Trump can Undue all the damage U Dumped on Us. So far He is.Pretty sure U already know that.
You will be deeply missed as former POTUS. How about applying as Canada's next PM? How about calling it a promotion?
Obama Deeply Concerned After Syrians Gassed To Death On White House Lawn http://www.theonion.com/r/33590  via @theonion
THANK YOU for eight years of service "Mr. President"!!!
lol


Even grumpy, old white guys (like me) love this family and will miss them.
Really ,how old are you snowflake? 80,90?  Smh


no we need you to stay !! Trump is a traitor!
trump done. Lmao
ya might want to watch the news your boy got caught!!!!
watch idiot!!!!
era ora che ti togliessi dalle balle
my POTUS!!! I thank you for your time as Commander in chief!!! #BeBlessed
Just remember @BarackObama, 'float like a butterfly, sting like a bee'. You'll always be president to me. Farewell.
The Best President Obama, and Lovely family. May life Lead you into more challenging things.
so glad when you are gone.  You have divided this country more than anyone in history.  Go play golf!
Thank you for your professionalism, dignity, enthusiasm, and humility. Politics in general will dim when you leave. Thanks.
our beloved president Obama
ewwwww.
Thank You for your service to this great country. We will never forget!
With all the uncomfortable intelligence, who is going to be the interim president?
exactly how I feel. 
Thank you! You've been one of the best US Presidents ever.
What's he done to deserve that?
Look @ the figures. GDP growth, # of jobs increase, the US respected & supported by world allies.
Are you serious? 1st prez to have under 3% GDP every year, 95 million Americans out of work. This is BHO's legacy
Interesting how wish ill-will upon America because you lost. You defined "leftist crybaby" perfect
I'm not ready
The only threat 2 democracy has been u! U need 2 accept that we voted DT in! Time 4 retirement!
You still can save our future, declare Marshall Law
thank you for serving our country you did quite well I wish that you would be able to help a hard-working single mother like me
sorry to see you go you done a fine job in the time you had god bless you and your family
we'll miss you more than you know & beg you & Michelle to stay involved in our future someway. Thank you for all you've given.
Thank you for your service not only  for your country but the rest of the world. You have been a breath of fresh air. I'll
@YannGOHIEC @VeroniqueSemane legend Barak Oboma
