
And @realDonaldTrump does that before breakfast, what is your point?
@realDonaldTrump is an EMBARASSMENT. He is so far out of his league. His idea of national security should be enough to put him in jail
You are not the president , you are a former president. Remove that from your bio
That title belongs to him, as it does to Presidents G.W and G.H.W Bush, W.J. Clinton, and any elected president, including the EMBARASSMENT.
He is the 44 president. Not the president t
And still gets the honor of being addressed as Mr. President.  This has been in practice since the beginning with President Washington,
Your not the president ,take it off your profile.DJT is you know the one you said would never be? Hes done more in 8 months than you ever!
Wow, Have you lost your head, Obama did a great job. The jerk in office right now is embarrassing, the Countries that he has Tried to deal w

The truth is out, and the first president to be sentenced to jail will be @realDonaldTrump.  If you are honestly supporting him, get help..

I with Trump would deport this muslim
Bot
Not a bot, but l can tell your a DumbocRat that blames and pulls shit out of thin air to be heard or seen!
Yeah Chad n he we you bsl sobm iam sawm Siri sor  
Dmkd @HillaryClinton
I like ur tweet sir keep it up

#WeStandWithBarcelona
God Bless This World Thank you for your Compassion Mr President!!! 
We miss you dad 
F u
It is why they exist
Another "Allahu Akbar"?
U really need to come back to work, 1600 PA Avenue....u are deeply missed.
You are sorely missed.
You are sorely missed by many of us. 
We Miss You So Much
Yes!
Thank you Mr President. We miss you
Still presidential
In dark nights, the moon is missed.
Thank you. Mr. President and First lady. Words that carry us still.
Can you just pluuuuuuze come back? Please??? The new guy sucks. No one likes him. He's the worst.
Te amo mucho
admirable
You are the man Mr. Obama ! We need you back !!!!!
PRESIDENT, YES, THE BEST PRESIDENT OF AMÉRICA
ya know i used to like you until i realized your actions are helping to feed the deception..and show how once again the so called elite
How about the victims of mudslide in Sierra Leone? Don't you people have friends there too?
MIL GRACIAS PRESIDENTE OBAMA!!!!!
Miss you. I'm 60 and you and JFK , as Presidents represented American values with grace , heart and intellect God Bless You and your family.

I miss you in these situations. Your words and  tone were always what we needed.
Always professional, always calm and always measured in his responses. Every single word was measured. Thoughtfully. No yelling....
I cant even read responses to his tweets without feeling like I have to cry. I miss him so much.
I understand completely. It's so sad we couldn't just keep him. And to have this orange anus 4 a potus is sickening
Orange anus...... ok, i laughed! You are spot on though!
Lol...he is what he, I mean who he is...
amen to that!
You were given a chance to be president, you failed.  Now, go away.
Gracias por el apoyo
Thank you, Mr. President.  OUR President.
@BarackObama
Seriously, did you ever go visit the victims of these Terrorist attacks? ever? you need to do some soul searching, repent tojoin @POTUS 
Why only thinking.? Do some thing for them
I wish Trump could learn from you instead of trying to do the exact opposite out of spite.
You are the best leader in modern History!!!!
Thank you for being so Presidential in a time when America desires a real President the most.  You are an inspiration to all of us!
There is a saying that you don't know how good you have it until it is gone, and that is certainly the case with you!
So true, I never appreciated President Obama until he was gone but I never worried when he was in office, I  slept at night. Trump/nightmare

Thank you for being such an awesome leader of our nation even when you are no longer president.
I hear there may soon be a job opening available... Any Interest?
The attack in Barcelona today is horrific, just as the attack this last weekend in Charlottesville.  This Planet must come together in peace
Love you Barack!!  You had respect for our nation!
He kept it classy from day 1.
that would be the first time in 8 years you commented on radical Islamic terrorism within 1 day.
Thank you for putting into words what many of us are thinking and feeling. We appreciate your eloquence and grace.

Signed,

#TheResistance
I miss the Obamas
I feel you.
I miss both of them.  What a great family.

है
thanks mr  retired president of USA
#NoFlyZone4Rojava  
Where is mr Wallmcwallface?
By superieur
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982894575126745088 … 2464
Did you like it ?
Perfect #gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/FXgzqh  
Click URL: https://goo.gl/FXgzqh   
…
Been there, Mr President in those days it's has been a rough
Wish you were still in the WH
@BarackObama
Hair kids e krisoidot and Sarah $99520
Hi Sir
Good one.
Qsbor sei ,,@,horo .com $99328
Are you now thinking about Syrian Children.. Mr.President?
#ChildrenUnderAttack #SaveSyrianChildren #SyriaIsBleeding #PrayForSyria
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …

.@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
they speak Spanish in Kenya? Wow.



That was pretty funny huh? I'm still chuckling. Lol.


That's my president and First Lady 
You both have such class,grace,and always will be love
Simply the best ever
Yeah says a lot about your character liking this #moron
You and Michelle need to go away into the woods with Hillary! You need to change your status to former president,or worst president ever.

Hahahaha! Now that's funny! Jesus actually loved others!

Jesus had a heart. What is your point?

You have more followers than that twat could dream of. Thank you for keeping your word
All America needs your prayers, too. That nutbar et al running the WH has destroyed everything presidents, for decades, have tried to build.
Did you remember to send out your memo warning people not to be racist?
As any decent human would, but how often you post messages of support to victims of terrorism in places like #Iraq? What does that say?
जय जय श्री हनुमान

.@Pastor_AngeloJ on #Periscope: AMERICA IS THE MODERN DAY SODOM AND GOMORRAH https://www.pscp.tv/w/a1KmozFETEtCRFh5TGxCRUp8MW1yR21OWW1QQXdKeVs-vrXj-7y0Au2SrJp66gG5ZJDtId4QWojP0J6srU4l …


I will send you these fotos every fay
I Hope your enjoying your life outside of the hustle and bustle of Government.
tremendously Sadden by the Trump Presidency #Unbelievable
barack take your pension , more than you ever expected to earn and go travel overseas for the next decade   no one cares about what you say
He doesn't give a rats ass! This fool needs to pay back the money he stole from tax payers. What a fraud.
Will you post your comments on the mudslide in #SierraLeone and the cholera outbreak in #Yemin?
Saudi Montana  true story that an heard  off   please check out and please do a rewritte  thank sir 
@Saudi_Montana1
That was slick the way you played your part Barack Obama.  You nailed it. All the way down to the death tax and illegal immigrants.
Always be your side , the dude trump ‘...
Hello sir
Fake post..posted by CNN
Keep On thinking from where your vacationing on  Us Ta Payers Money.
What is about having a rally. That is extremely stupid
Amen
Poi hai venduto armi all ISIS basta stronzate!
What are you talking about? You love terrorists.
Stay out of Americas Business who cares what u do stop bragging about what u do no one cares about u and michelle
ok
Please what of those in Nigeria
What about the millions of innocent victims of American bombs? All good? Yeah thought so .... @medialens @democracynow @hrw @thereaIbanksy
Be strong, Barcelona. The barnarian need to stop from step foot in the modern land.
MR. PRESIDENT MYSELF AND MY FAMILY JUST LOVE YOU YOU WERE A GREAT CLASSY PRESIDENT AND YOU'RE A GREAT CLASSY GUY
Gran presidente una pena lo que pasa con el racismo en estados unidos tambien thank you
Little by little we the American's are erasing your destruction...MAGA
God bless america
Islamist traitor
Hello
That was a damn crisis.......... Why a u not helping unfair rule Zimbabwe
I'm sure, just like you stood with Eric Gardner and his family. You did nothing phony. Words from Eric Gardner's daughter herself you failed
People are finally finding out the truth about you. Watch your popularity FALL. You deserve prison for treason.
zenk llu
Miss you :[
Yeah, we coo.
Bro wouldn't give me a drive.
ok
No American believes you're bullshit sympathy.
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/08/31/president-trump-is-pledging-1-million-personal-money-to-harvey-victims-wh.html …

Put your money where your mouth is
Truly a Class Act.
Mr. President please read my initial tweets #HireLt.GenRussellHonore' #FEMASecretary
I absolutely love President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama!
Wow I love you Obama
奥巴马你在吗
Justkidding you weregood precident but still
Mr. Obama. I Sant donante 10 dollars yo Red Cross for Houston víctima ir hurricane ..how to do??
I want donate 10 dollars for Houston victims of hurricane, how yo do?
That ur rever now
川普那个丑八怪把TPP给否了，气人的，咱要骂他。
另外，你说过要在卸任前披露关于外星人文件的，怎么就没了下文？
Love u
http://www.mahdi-alumma.com 
Ur not  a president
I loveyou Barack 
Think about your deep state crumbling before your eyes!
Don't you mean Michael? Paul Ryan wants your balls back on his chin. And your Tranny wife @Deplorable_EM @SailorsChristie @PatriotGirlMaga
President Obama! You are the best!!! Everyone knows it! The country deeply misses your graceful leadership!
everybody in the world miss so much President Obama! Please do your best for a changing policy Before Next election day! Everybody need it
