
They sincerely loved, accepted each other then and still do. Just as man and wife should.
you're absolutely right 
Picture is very powerful. Without touching her she blushes. Greatness comes after years of #hardwork. 28 years they've loved.
Beautiful inside and out, I miss you more and more every day. You brought #PureClass to the Office of POTUS.
can we please have you back as potus? this new regime is really awful. is @MichelleObama  going to run? please? we need love back in charge!
Lol thanks for the smile
@gabrielarfin
"Always feels new."
Si es amor de bueno
Happy Birthday @BarackObama   @imAsadChoudhary
lovely
You Mr & Mrs O, are a joy to behold and an inspiration. Best wishes for a long and happy life together
I adore you so much since a long time ago @BarackObama
Nice Couple. Hope this couple be memorable
Lv n miss u both
Much love 2 the greatest  President I've had the honor of voting for. It was a great 8 years.  Thank You for your service Sir.
beautiful couple
Love this couple 
Ahhh... This pose makes Michelle look like a little girl being told she's cute! You are always adorable together! Miss you both like crazy!
So cute!!

los admiro mucho, son mi ídolo.
Such an amazing couple..
What is your zodiac sign anyway?
“@BarackObama: Happy Valentine’s Day, @michelleobama! Almost 28 years with you, but it always feels new. ”cute
Two beautiful people , thank you for the years you gave in the white house!!!!!
I still wanna know what you said to make her blush.  My favorite pic!
This is amazing 
Great photo. As a professional fashion photographer and creative producer, you two look great
Great yh
Dreams
no offense to the former president, but it looks like Barack is trying to look at dem titties
Vous êtes superbes! félicitations à vous. un couple emblématique.Qui restera à jamais dans l'histoire. Vous restez dans le coeur des Belges!
Awwww!!!! Reminds me of my Mark Brown #MNB1990TSU  I miss this couple!
Looking good
To me, Michelle and Barack Obama are the Most Beautiful Couple in the World!!!

Such a beautiful couple....be like this only....happy forever
Lindosss!!!
God bless
happy  Valentine's Day  God be with  you
I LOVE YALL !
Ultra stunning and live long and prosper
Best USA´s president ever
siete quanto di peggio poteva capitare all'umanità
nyc pic
good family
Qué bonito @YamEsp98
We miss yall

Lovely!
Ahhh, love you guys. . . Michelle, you look like a little girl with a crush. 
Wow! looks fantastic moments. Love is beautiful especially when having a lovely cute wife 
Awww look at you two priceless i love it.
Nice couple ever
The Greatest Couple Picture EVER
great! congrats! 
Now that's love!! 
gorgeous couple
Obama, u are quite an example, u motivates me
aww :) 
made me cry
If a "felon" could become president I believe I would do a better job than trump. 
God bless you Mr and Mrs Obama...
True love
yes a good leader to be trusted
Lovely
Best Couple Of  Americ
Made for each other 
GOD BLESS YOU SIR
Did you gain 4 yrs of marriage since your anniversary in October where you stated it was 24?
He didn't say they were married 28 years, just together that long.
Nice pic .... mr & Mrs
Beautiful, inspiring picture! Thanks for setting an example for us to follow!
Selective amnesia makes sense, when trying to understand looking that nightmare in the face every morning for 28 years.
I don't have amnesia, I have photo genic memory, but selective hear! Trumps dead? Yea, Amen
Translation to Engrish perhaps? 
Absolutely beautiful! It's my goal to that point in love with my honey... 28 beautiful years. #MyPrezN1stLady4evr
Nice jodi

Saw one of the students marching.   Their hats said “MAKE NY PRESIDENT BLACK AGAIN”. I have to concur.  We miss you both so much. It’s almost like a grieving process. All the best to both now and always and I hope you have many more years together God bless you and the girls bo.
 best president and First Lady ever.  But.... I’m still waiting on the MichEllen show ;)
#MyFirePlaceMyPorteait
@BarackObama @MichelleObama
Başkan beee
Wishing you happiness
Oh! How Much I Love Michelle and Barack Obama!!!
I Love Them and Wish I Could Meet Them in Person One Day, 
it will be My Honor.
Super
Woow
Cool
Sort of like those new second hand clothes from the Goodwill Bargain Barn. Fifty cents per pound like the gossip that goes around & around & around while they "create" another illegal eviction so they can rotate money at the Federal Aviation Administration orgy with Georgey?ORDSW
Oh la la! Eso si es un "presi" y no lo que vemos ahora.. En fin, 

¿Cuesta ser natural?
I love you too kisses 
So cute. We miss you both!!!
Always love you both, you inspire Love always

WONDERFUL COUPLE!
Seeing you two makes me vv happy and idk why. I wish you two have a very nice Valentine’s Day


@BarackObama @MichelleObama
U spent the most money on vacations..more than any in our history...n we r n great deficient...all u r know 4..
Le  plus beau couple du monde.Que Dieu vous bénisse!
#TOTP #YEOMUN #WhyBritsDontWantTrump #MakeAFilmEggy #tmbett18 Darmian  Angel Gomes Cillian Murphy

World best n.1 family obama family .
خودتو لوس نکن
Awww you two
I want a love like this I pray congratulations the road maybe hard but being with your best friend makes it a little easier
batt ke karne ho
Hey Barack...just your time..
Very nice
Iike, Sir
Sooo adorable.  You two are the perfect couple!!! 
Tan bell@s
NYC
مرد خوبی بودی 

Tmxt
Aaw... Cute
So sweet
Congratulations! From Papua New Guinea.
Oh look at you both, "acting so girlish!"
I love and miss you both so much
على فكرة مستر على الفنان بيعزك اواى من يوم ما هزرت معاه على صفحة الفيسبوك ( عن البيوض والبيض )
Wow, I envy you for the family you are  missing you, all of you
Love u guys
My mom and dad r so gorg
Gay or Not ,does metter that you Love each other.Enjoy.
So cute!

b
Your love is amazing.
#Buy_Google_5_star_Reviews,
#Buy_Google_Places_Reviews,
#Buy_Positive_Google_Reviews,
#Buy_Negative_Google_Reviews,
#Buy_Negative_Google_Reviews,

No divorce,  he must believe in his vows.
Woooww
Aaahaaaa!!!
   It feels new??
"What choo talkin bout potus?"
  You talkin bout Michelles schlong???
Hi Barack! Congratulations! Congratulations! In the night I wrote music to a girl where the relationship toh ended..so sad, but the song is beautiful I think. Please barack listen to my music https://allihoopa.com/EleCtroSwede 
hello
Soooo lovelyyyyy
That's lovely

Putting on a few pounds Michael..? because i know your not pregnant..!
They together, almost as long as I've been alive
Nice couple
https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 

cool
Love this pic of you and your boo.
Scandalous couple
God bless you for mankind
We Love You Guys! Saying it Everyday of the Calendar Year Wouldn't Even Suffice!!!
You both are beautiful souls & I & many sure do miss u guys
maa shaa alah 
You both inspire me and Thank you for leading @AmericasPromise... Your Missed and will let Hillary be the POTUS 2018
This is a wonderful photo of you two...so much love there it's giddy! lol

Nice beautiful.
