In honor of #InternationalWomensDay, @BarackObama shares a touching letter he and @MichelleObama received: https://medium.com/@ObamaFoundation/im-in-518a292cf58c#.gsmlxaioi … 
Our Country has gone to the dogs now you and Michelle are gone. It's like having The Beverly Hillbillies there.
...and that's no lie!
a bunch of hicks from the sticks. The white House has gone to Trailer Park Trash
Everyday his presidency is another day in Hell for America,
but you did so little when in office for poor black women, and women in general
I guess it's easier to throw shade later when out of office. Many of us know who you are. 
Pres Obama. I am a lifelong Democrat asking you to please stop.  We need to support Trump. You are hurting USA.
Stop what?
The jihad against Trump and our country. It went on far too long.
Pres Obama has left office, time to focus on the present
We're not quite done with him. Investigations!
No proof and refuted claims
You can't win a third term dummy
Don't get too used to it #ImpeachTrump
Thank you, but we're not doing so well.
please come back Mr president
@ObamaFoundation I guess it has been
Thankyou 
So good to just hear from you. You are so missed.
I almost forgot what it is like to have a real president! Miss you and your family!
Have you heard?  We MISS YOU.
Obama, if we could only turn back time!!!  I'm happy for you, but MISS YOU BOTH
. We miss you guys so much. Thank you for thinking about us Women. Say hello to Michelle.
the world  misses yous
We love you MR. PRESIDENT!! Boy does our Country NEED YOU!
I miss you both. Thanks for all you are doing
Thanks for your work, and continuing inspiration.
you two inspire all of us. 
VAULT 7
you're still trying to destroy the country , delete you're account
there you are :-)
@ObamaFoundation So beautiful! We love you so much Mr. Obama! You were the best president ever!  

Thank You Obama
Thank God you're gone!
thanks,but we need you back
We love and miss you and Michelle, always.  Stay blessed

Thank you, @BarackObama and @MichelleObama, for being kind, loving, decent human beings. I really miss being able to respect the President.
how are youc
we love & miss you guys so much! 
Great to see your smiling face again!
I miss you both at the helm.
You inspire me to do better every day!
women are not only equal but better than men
Thank you for your continued grace & class in the midst of this drama. We love you both!!!
Grace and Dignity are in the hearts  of many!
Dear President and First Lady Obama. Thank you and wish you were still our President. Please save us! God Bless

thank you!
Help me, Obama Kenobi, you're our only hope!
Dear God please come back.

You're great true Leader n Parent
Superb boss
Mr. Obama you and your wife have done so much for the country.  Please if you and your wife can help me with a donation to move, so I can have these last two surgery's,  I would be very greatful. Thank you
As life goes on many things change bt your presidancy changed alot of american people and actually thy miss you
You knew. You knew & could have had FBI speak out. Every Trump horror is on you. You knew.
No.  It's not on them.  They could have intervened but what if they were wrong?  Then they would have swung an election.
Comey came to the WH, according to Newsweek story w/ info. WH chose to do nothing. So they DID swing an election
Every last thing Barrack Obama did in the WH was in the best interests of YOU.  Not HIM!  I'm totally convinced!!!!!
I worked tirelessly for his election & re-election. I am stunned by this revelation.
Obama is keenly aware of his place in history.  I think he was blindsided y this.  This isn't new, by the way.
boa tarde varão valoroso. e bom trabalho. obs; a vitoria e certa.

I saw you in St. Louis on your 100th day in office!  first bill signed, The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009 which amends CRA the 1964!

You’re so beautiful Michelle

Missing you and Michelle.
You know Michelle and how I really want that Guy and his name is handsome Barack Hussein Obama
cool
Respect womans and protect womamans
According to the Bible, marriage is ordained by God to be between a man and a woman (Genesis 2:21-24; Matthew 19:4-6). Gay marriage/same-sex marriage is a perversion of the institution of marriage and an offense to the God who created marriage.#TrueLove
Am pround of you Mr barack obama thax for da quotes you normally send us happie new year 2018

Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982904600339546113 … 3202
Did you like it ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L  
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time 
…
How about running for the president of Kenya?
Your shadow government, you divided America like no other time you told illegals to vote, Lynch under you told people to head to streets 
We heard about transcender but if he watts to force
Your change was not what people were looking for. You left our country in a mess.
Shame on you.
hi obama
@ObamaFoundation Michelle is not a woman she's a trannie
oh how I love everything about both of you 
we miss you guys so much...
Barack &Michelle Obama LEGENDS in their own minds.
Losers in American minds
AMEN
How are you doing today
"before god hitler is innocent too", -elese had not appeared in tam stelae.
Can you believe what UN did to Womens Rights??  Freaking Saudi Arabia?? Inwas so hoping it was a joke but it's not.  HELLLLLP US PLEASE.
welcome back Barack
we miss you guys
I aspire to raise my children to have the same qualities as @BarackObama & @MichelleObama. If I do, my greatest achievement! #respect #love
dont stoop to his level. U have "CLASS, CHARACTER &PERSONALity".
please come back and make some sense to millions of people who need you
you destroyed all credibility you had by your dishonest ways.shame on u. u deserve to go to jail.
thank you so much. Just spent 4 days at new national park. Gold Butte. It was beautiful.
Why change, the joint is fine, your emotions and over zealous reactions are dividing the country... just go away.
9o. the only thing 4rr
You mean by rioting and burning down towns? That is not peaceful protested. it is not lawful. U should stop it.
Trying to pull a Clinton and suck millions for your own personal use? Nice.. Go away.
#GetTheFacts #DemocratsForLife
i want Homaba's pictures please
Come back please.
Olá,  sou sua fã brasileira!  Saudades da sua presidência! Era bem leve! Família feliz, boa de ver! Deus o abençoe!
I'm even more prouder of you MR. president thank you!!!!
you are great human being and better than trump
The new Castro of the United States.
Barack Obama we need you again to take good decisions in our country America
Shes a woman
.жё
don't you mean anti men and Trump day
I want to widely convey this message of peace.

http://bit.ly/2mGfcFf 
#hwpl #peace #cessation_war #DPCW
it might just mean you covered your tracks well and that goes without saying if you are responsible
Obama's a real humane man & PRESIDENT! Too intelligent to be sucked into trump vacuum.Trump hates it
That's true and I love it!!!Trump spits nails all night trying to get to President Obama, even through attacking Clinton! Dumb *ss idiot!!
Is that Montana in the background pic? Come back soon
Buy shares in ticker Chit.
do they have this day in Saudi? Or Yemen? Or Libya? Or Egypt? Idiots
sup
Obama help  meeeeeew
Hello
Sir? Where are you? Please respond to unfounded accusations from unstable 45.
iii

♬Uuuuuuu       

Uuuuuooooooooooog
& @seseamestreet rock it girl! 
yea it's gonna change so much better now that your corrupt ass is gone how could u give money to saudis
没毛病
Do what ever you can to bring trump down. We truly miss you & your family.
We miss you!
Yeah, ask Daddy Rothschild if you can come back.
No one is inspired by @MichelleObama They are snowed by her or dumb. Don't come back. Tell the truth so history can say 1 good thing about44
@ObamaFoundation ok ver ven beso beso mucho cuba si ven ahora dime hoy ben imo cuba si ajaja ok ok
you two are truly missed! ;(
This gave me life...
then U should be inspired by @MELANIATRUMP   A true hero for taking on the corruption you left. God Bless @POTUS
I hope you two find time to visit Scotland.  You are owed an apology for Trump lies to distract from the truth.
@ObamaFoundation   you want this kind of change!  Crazy left trying to destroy America.  No thanks
I miss you both so much!!!
Thank you for sharing this letter!
Like your spying on congress to get CORRUPT Iran deal!
you can`t imagine, how much we miss you...
thank`s to give us ous best 8 yearsin USA, god bless america and bless Obama`s family 
so did he record and listen to @realDonaldTrump's phone calls Michelle?
THANK U & MICHELLETHE WORLD FEELS IT,NOT JUST MY FAMILY & I!TRUMP KOO KOO/OWES U APOLOGY! HE'S FAKE NEWS!
I miss y'all so much. I miss your smiles n your calmness n security you provided.
You should be ashamed of yourself! What you did to trump in the surveillance take your women Rice Jarrett&Lynch to the same prison with you
http://www.cnn.com/2014/11/12/politics/gruber-obamacare-third-video/ …
If ur staying in Washington to keep ur hand on politics, plz don't. We don't want to see or hear U or Michelle
Anymore. We're all done w/ you, thank God. Grab some $$ like Clinton did no leave. Don't B like an athlete who
Stays after his career is over. Don't B so narcissistic that U need to think ur still relevant. Go golf, enjoy
Your family and a private life. We the people don't want to hear from U. I afraid ur staying ready to jump on
On Trump's back and try to sabotage him which is what we think ur waiting to do. I have 2 questions I pray Ull
Answer. 1) weren't you embarrassed when you were introduced as "My Baby Daddy"? + 2) when  U were elected and
Michelle said "for the first time I can say I'm proud to be an American", weren't U a bit embarrassed by that?
This is NOT power todrivechange. DEmocrats in the streets are http://anarchists.You  are calling for rioting
Oh how I miss class, thoughtfulness, and intelligence
Only $155,99!!! 
Looking forward to it. 
here's the number of QIWI Wallet :
+79667538572 or +79523540682
