Today’s the day! You can go to http://HealthCare.gov  and sign up for health coverage. Need a pep talk first? @BarackObama has you covered. 
Thank you, Mr. President.
Cant believe all of the sophomoric drooling in this response feed. ACA is the single worst thing ever to happen to health care. #sheeple

Continued violation of peaceful transfer of power ...

#YesWeCan
Great. And I get to pay twice as much, $650 for single healthy male age 31 because I just my butt to make $ and pay for squatters
I miss you so much!!!!
Sir you very garret
Affordable...
Affordable...
Affordable...
Affordable...
Affordable...
Affordable...
This letter—which isn't yours & was pilfered from the web—clearly states "this isn't a Marketplace plan," & explains how to get lower rates.
I make too much for "marketplace plans".  In GA there is 1 provider for those w/o ER coverage.  ACA must go!
It's not the ACA's fault that state-level GOP has been sabotaging it from day 1.
My hands are tied; I don't care whose fault it is.  I had NO issues getting affordable health insurance before the ACA.
So you don't know where to lay the blame, yet voted for Trump anyway. Nice to see a low-information voter admit to being low-information.
In your Obama world, Obama made the Insurance Companies 10 Billion Dollars richer. Way to go.
Thanks President Obama
Sure, after you ya friggin mook!
Lol my son ate it all.
For him yes, me nope . He was up @ 5am eating the candy! Lol
Mine LOVES candy! He can eat it 24/7 non stop
@realDonaldTrump is jealous from the legacy of the legendary @BarackObama . #bringbackobama #kickoutrump #makeorangejuice
Timely reminder
Thank you Mr President 

Obamacare vs. Trumpcare...you decide.
Better comparison? All American vs Kenyan junky.
Still choose the Kenyan. @BarackObama wins every time. Plus, he didn't collide with Russians. #MuellerTime
No he didn't collide he colluded with Russians for his own personal gain!! Screwed every American while he was in office!
#Russian bot. Girl, bye! ICYMI, I corrected my tweet afterwards by adding *collude.  @realDonaldTrump is the definition of "personal gain."
What was Obama's net worth before and after presidency?
From $1.3 million to $6million!how ??!on a $300k salary raises lots of questions. Explains why he's urging people to get OSCAMASCARE
Thank you @BarackObama

Muppet
No plans meet my needs.  All plans are getting more and more expensive every year. Less places accept it.  You broke health care. #ByeLegacy
I love you Mr President and miss you being our President. Thank you for giving my daughter healthcare.
We Want U BaCk..
Yess
No the hell we don't
 Yes the hell we do.
Nope
 Yep! We could go like this forever. But it's not that serious.
Word
Read this tweet, and for 2 seconds felt like Obama was president again.
And then then realized he wasn’t and thanked God!
Your president is a flaming, incompetent, ignorant disgrace. GTFOH
90% of the time I see someone sticking up for Trump it’s clearly a bot.. it’s crazy
Agreed. It's been proven that half of his followers are bots.
The other half have an IQ of 12
tbh Bots' IQ > Other half
Even worse bots > other half > Trump
Go away, far like Indonesia.  You and Crooked Hillary have done your share and shld do your TIME as well.  Ask me why I say this...i'll wait

Obamacare today, Obamacare 2mr, Obamacare forever...Power to the people.
Look at Obama low-key shading Trump. Shame on you! You know that man ain't worried about health care for us regular folks!
Yes!!
No more Odumbass doesn't care. No more unconstitutional mandate
Thank you Mr President. I sure do miss your leadership and shining light.
Your optimism fills me with happiness
Obamacare is the change we believed in. Healthcare is a right not a privilege.
All Americans deserve healthcare, especially the over 20 million citizens currently insured under the Affordable Care Act.
Let's also not forget about the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) that Congress has still not renewed.
9 million children depend on CHIP for healthcare. It is unconscionable that the richest nation in the world does not take care of its kids.
Some parents despite their best can’t afford healthcare even for their kids let alone themselves.
Come one, come all & get your NObamacare plan for 25% more than last year. Thanks Barack!
Thank god that Someone with more Twitter Followers than the actual President is Notifying us about this.
It's disgusting.  The GOP and Trump would rather people miss the deadline, and lose coverage than Healthcare succeed...
Thank you Mr. President for CARING about Americans.
The crazy thing is that Trump may need it himself, lol
Instead of letting American's know that Open Enrollment has started, the President is too busy politicizing the attack yesterday
Thats why we need to spread the word
Yup! The #Resistance has been on it already! Shout out to everyone doing what the potus should've been doin 

Thank you for helping small business owners like myself get insurance for our family. I hope single payer will be available someday.
Move to another country if you desire single payer.  The US doesnt need to be dependent on government for another bene.
Or stay and fight for improvement, at one point in time, women weren't allowed to vote. Most Americans want single payer of some sort.
Government cannot run anything properly; why would you want all those eggs in their basket?
Medicaid runs fairly smooth. My sister is happy with her Tri-care. If you don't like how the government runs, maybe you should move
Of course she likes her welfare the rest of us pay for! 
Tri-care is for military and their families. They earn it.
We miss you.
“We” being the whole world.

No he isn’t.
Rubbing it in our faces now?
You could have spent 8 yrs in poor neighborhoods convincing children to climb out of the gutter
Squandered...
Or you can buy affordable health insurance not tied to ACA and pay way less for more coverage.
Thanks for the input. Good to hear you’ve solved Health Care...
I have for me and my family that gets no subsidies. Why should I pay for 5 instead of 1?
I dunno. Clearly, you have everything under control. Unsure why you seem so chapped for someone so totally secure and in control though...
Oh your Canadian. It’s all FREE. That’s why I rode on a plane with a Canadian citizen flying to Houston to get treatment he was denied there
Trump cut funding to ACA advertising as part of his attempt to sabotage our healthcare. It's up to us to make sure the word gets out!
IMPORTANT! The website to enroll will be off-line for "maintenance" DURING THE ALREADY SHORTENED ENROLLMENT PERIOD as listed below. 
This is an obvious attempt at restricting registration. Wow!
Yes. Yes it is. Petty, malevolent toad Trump is psychotically jealous of Obama & is doing everything he can to sabotage Obama's legacy. #ACA
They sure are, thank you for exposing them!
Thank you President Obama.  You continue to show how a true leader of America should act.  You are missed.
No. Not so much.
I just did. The cheapest plan is almost $400 a month. I can't afford that! I'm so sad  what's wrong with this country? I love you tho!
 i don't understand how a developed country like the US hasn't been able to implement universal HC. Is it selfishness?
Moronic logic. Universal Healthcare would require a valid Soc Sec No, verified at the surgery/Hospital at time of consultation
In Australia we have a Medicare Card. Everyone issued it has to produce ID including a birth certificate before the card is issued.
That’s absolutely untrue. I regularly visit the US & have family in several states.
Drastic times call for drastic measures.
Under ordinary circumstances, a former POTUS selling healthcare insurance would be crass, but these are extraordinary times we live in.
Not only extreme times, but he isn’t selling insurance for his personal profit.
Holy shit the golf bs is old, BO spent just as much if not more golfing. We have bigger problems than a man having a fucking hobby ffs
Wake up ..responding to the amount of money tax payers are paying ..and if you think O went nearly as much ..do some research..WOW
Yea yea that's always the answer blah blah do your research. I've seen the numbers and dgaf. The potus can go golfing on the weekends period
It's petty af to worry about golfing. Do you have a hobby? Do you get a couple days off a week?
8 years we suffered Obama.  Obamacare - it was terrible before it became law.  Still is. if not, force Congress to take it too.
Thank you wonderful president Obama you are #1 I am sure some people don’t know you are best president in American’s history

Thank you Sir
Full/part Time Medical Billing & Coding/ CNA/HHA Caregiver Positions-(You Must Apply Here jobS) http://www.usjobscareer.com/ 
No thanks
Thank you, my dear President, for your efforts to make America great for all! I just wish we could have you back!
Fagggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg loooserrrrrrrrrr
Yeah- thanks so much for the insurance u twat. Now paying $1200/month for catastrophic coverage. Not even dental. Perfect 
OBAMA CARE IS A FRAUD !  HUGE PAYMENTS AND THE DEDUCTIBLE IS OFF THE CHARTS !  REPEAL
Im sorry but $260 a month is not affordable Health Care. Obama Care has made it impossible for me to get health care.
Try $1600 a month for my wife and I.
Thank you Mr. President!
It will cost me and my family $700 more per month to stay on the same plan for 2018... Thanks for NOTHING!
http://videobulur.com/video/motivasyon/tembellik_etmeyi_birak_motivasyon_videosu-72799428 … #barackobama 
Help promote Open Enrollment for Vietnamese Speakers! #GetUSCovered
Good luck!
HELL NO.  Not interested in your penalized health care.  You don’t like being forced into doing something. I don’t like being forced into buying something.  Thank god. Your gone.  And hopefully everything you have done especially for liberals will be undone by our PRESIDENT
Sign up today to get ripped off next year. Premiums will go up 8%, sorry 18% dam I mean 88%. If you have an interest rate you CANT KEEP it!
Sure. Which 1 lets me keep my doctor, expands coverage, + save me $1200/yr? Shrunk my FSA cap & no tax savings for a catastrophic plan!
Nope
To bad I can’t afford ur bs healthcare plans anymore as they don’t cover my drs! Ur a liar & a true pos! Enjoy jail when HRC flips on u!
No thank you liar! I'm still trying to find my plan and DR I had, you know, the one I could keep? Yea, they left.
YOU add more debt than all the other presidents combined. America will have justice.
This American Life Math PhD refuted 3 million duplicate (same name and DOB) votes. CrossCheck removed ACTUAL votes but no prior validation
I can't.  My needs are not available on that exchange.
Shhhh!!! @BarackObama, don’t tell everyone!!!!
I have health coverage and it will not cover a needed surgery. Explain that one! #donate #retweet #share #EmpowerWomen 
https://www.gofundme.com/CancertoCongress …
It’s called OBAMACARE
WHY DON'T YOU JUST GET LOST PERMENTLY
He still taking care of us... Thank God....please don't forget us we have a narcissistic sociopath who stole ur spot
Get lost. We’ll be done with your communist ‘healthcare’ plan soon enough
You're not the president anymore. Shut up and sit down! Obamacare will be repealed. It is a disaster, just like your presidency.
Can't America do anything about that asshole in the wh? Trump is a disgrace!
This is no coverage with Out of Sight Premiums.  It is lousy.  You have effectively removed health care from millions.  You are appearing more and more  as a traitor along with several others both from within and without your administration.
I thought it’s no shave November!
thank you and any help for low income pet care ...i know asking too much
You’re so well loved, admired and respected!
Mr. President you "re one of the best president within the world.
With a penalty and high deductibles a plan you can’t afford ....FU! You are the true word “Nigger”  Look forward to the day you burn in Hell as you scream to be recuse and you’ll not be helped!  it’s coming soon! You are a disgrace to the human society!
Click here
Click here

https://goo.gl/iugXth 
Thank you
I would, but i have no need for birth control or maternity coverage
What this legacy seeker is really saying is sign up now so you will not get fined by the IRS!
thank you for all you did we sure miss you! Stay close we need you now~
You have to be on drugs. 
What choices?
I am Mr Paul Campbell .
I  am a bitcoin seller 
I need a partner who has a bank that can receive good cash.
Kindly message me if interested
Im in NY.. so my premiums will only go up like 40% next year right?  Cant afford the 120% other state residents are seeing. Thx in advance

G-d is so good
WHY DONT U SIGN YOUR KIDS UP FOR THAT SH!T...
And pay through the nose for all those “free” goodies. 

LMAO!!! I heard that song in the grocery store the other day. Pretty cool vocals.
oh please Obama Care is dead . What a mess you created .
You screwed up the health care system in this country and you’re happy now? Glad you’re out
3 days and no tweets ... what’s happening????
Obama needs to go away.
Are you still here?
Keep it going, best modern president- ever! 
The premiums are way too expensive. The coverage is terrible with sky high deductibles. I lost my great coverage thanks to obamacare
Too expensive.  #ObamacareSucks 

Annual premium is $28,800  #crazyOCare for a family of 5.  @ACA
Still promoting your crappy Obamacare? Oh, brother!
No thanks.
Thanks for nothing.  My wife and I are gagging on the premium increase for the coming year. Hey, we won't be able to eat so weight loss is in our future.
Starting Today (A year ago) America said to globalists like U & voted 4 @realDonaldTrump #HappyMagaDay We’re taking our country back #MAGA
I miss the days when government was normal and bills were quickly passed that rescued the economy and expanded health insurance.  Now we have alot of insanity but little actual work being done!
Unaffordable and useless.
My ins is going increasing by $200 a month!  AFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE???  This is a joke! 
Obumma was the worst POTUS in American history. Glad you are GONE!!!
The Uk  government should be shared of putting the queen pictures on the paradise Pappers link

@GetUSCovered Evans covered
Barack Obama #aRealHeadofState. You will be missed Sir but never ever forgotten!
Lets see, i can either sign up for your scam insurance or feed my family. Sorry Barry but we have to eat. Thanks alot for ruining health care for those who have to pay.
You still around? I thought you  might have moved homes to a country you don't hate.

https://www.gofundme.com/hfmyt-a-little-goes-a-long-way …

If you can not donate could you please share?  Thank you! 
Is that the fancy website your friend built for millions of our tax dollars?
Sure if there are any carriers left or you can afford. Remember the IRS penalty if you do not enroll. All compliments of Barack Obama.
Flynn and his son will be indicted. I hope they talk. Trump is a very dangerous President. I don’t trust McConnell and Ryan.
No thanks ! #disaster !
Record Breaking Activity Again @POTUS44 @realDonaldTrump and @seanhannity And #PIMPS of #LIES @FoxNews #Obstruction #FAILED @GOP @SenateGOP
ACA is killing healthcare as no cost controls and just contributing to insurance and government intervention to keep population unhealthy.
How pathetic u ALL r swooning over ur EX-president...its enough to gag a maggot on a gut wagon!!!...puke!!!
@GetUSCoveredobamasan.daisukina.seizikadesuyo.
I'm glad this guy is gone
Deductible: 2014, $2500, 2015, $4500, 2016, $6500, 2017, $13,000  NOT AFFORDABLE.
Nobody can live off of 500 dollars.  Now trump is in the whitehouse trying to make it worse. Tantrumover  Still think your awesome though.
Are you an android or a mind control victim?
None of your CARP helps anyone
Thank you Mr. President
please help me win a FIFA 18 please. Thank you
Por favor denle RT a este Tweet, si llego a los 2,000 RT @VersusGamesES me regalara un #FIFA18 por favor, si le dan RT los sigo. #RETOVERSUS 
You mean pay for more insurance??? Healthcare would denote that you actually receive treatment from doctors that perform tests, diagnostics, and create a plan for treatment - but everything you have is a ‘previous condition’ just a ploy for the 1% to invest in...
Barry Soto looks like an aids victim, I wonder if hes ok
The health care system U destroyed our country with? Lied to us ? No thanks , thank god you are not in charge of our great country anymore? U did enough damage already
Get your money ready!!!
You just can't stop with promoting the biggest scam on Americans - known as Obamacare - Its like drinking the Kool-aid at Jones Town!


YOU are raping us with this joke you call healthcare!  COSTS GOING UP UP UP! Rape!!! 
