@AmulyaNTH  I'M SOBBING, LOOK AT MY BOYS GO ACTING LIKE REAL PRESDIENTS
Mr President: We need this unit example, in Colombia. Why to wait for the natural disasters?
Too bad your not American.
god bless you my love
@BarackObama
like
xx
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …
Thank You for Being You
Im shahid baba
@BarackObama
Hi
@BarackObama
.@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
Jimmy Carter, the only honest one in the BUNCH.

@BarackObama
But Corporate America has some room to improve. 1.5m evacuees from SF and @fairfieldinn @Marriott turning people away with pets. #humanity
We have a number of brands that are pet friendly and we have asked our hotels with pet restrictions to consider relaxing those restrictions.
Townplace Suites Montgomery Alabama. Not relaxed.
We recommend calling Marriott's Toll Free Reservation team at 1-800-228-9290. They will assist you in finding a pet friendly hotel with room
Thank you for your enlightening response @Marriott. Yes, there was availability in Arkansas.
@BarackObama
Salut

we love you barackObama!!!!!!
How come obama never appears in public with his boyfriend ?
Awesome video, thank you. Former Michiganer
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
Mr President ... How Do U Explain those who Either -  4 DJT or Didn’t  In 2016, ~ IF “’s ‘Always’ Show Up”?
موتانا
bonjour

great
Unless you are in Benghazi, then you are left to fend for yourself.
6 Republican led investigations into the Benghazi Attack found zero evidence of wrongdoing on the part of Hillary Clinton or the Obama administration. So @mgmoffatt, Why are you promoting a false narrative? Oh yeah, you're probably a Bot w/ 94 followers after 9 years on Twitter.
@BarackObama
Gracias x unirse en organizaciones x el bien de los seres vivos, Dios bendiga a los presidentes democráticos y a sus familias!!
@Horatio4Ever  باقي ترامب
Thank you very much Barack Hussein Obama
SB
cao,democracy？ Nomocracy!
like
HI @BarackObama , I wish this could be done in kenya, how do we heal this country. i wish this feature can be done in KENYA
HERE YOU ARE PEOPLE TWO OF THE PERPETRATORS OF 911 THEY NEED TO BE ARRESTED ALL THEIR ASSETS FROZEN AND HUNG BY THE NECK TILL DEAD FOR TREASON ALONG WITH ALL THEIR CRIMINAL ASSOCIATES ROCKEFELLERS ROTHCHILDS TOO.....

http://www.snaplikepic.com/explore-749-mario-batali-steps-away-from-the-chew-and-his-restaurants-after-sexual-misconduct-allegations …

FLASHBACK: Obama makes a 2008 campaign promise to recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s capital. 

He later broke that promise, used the U.N. as a politi…
Is it possible that Trump is the anti-Christ?
thenx Mr obama
With due respect.Great Feeling!I feel inspired.Thanks for great http://post.Top  minds, big ideas. God Bless!
In gratitude,
Manik
Yes, which is why they voted for Trump.
It's beautiful 
well we know where you guys are going, orange suits anybody!
On behalf of South Africans who appreciate what Obama has done to America and the world I olso say thank you
thanks tram
Nice
Hey yo ex prezyz help ya dood out....need some pow bruh
a bunch of psychopaths trying to say they care pathetic
Illuminati cover ur self bro and ur White House
Müslüman kanıyla boğulacaksınız
Thanks
The best Presidents, ever!  THANK YOU!
You are black
Americans always answer the call but not during the eight years that you were in office you're a lying SOB
Barack you said Americans always answer the call what about Benghazi what were you busy
پرزیدنت خیلی باحال هستبن
@cidermilll
Do we dare to hope? I miss him! Happy Thanksgiving, Cynthia! 
We dare.    you too friend!

gob may

Thank you for your leadership.

Yep they sure do that's why president Trump is our President Barack Obama
Ok
We The People of America
Hello Goodmorning
How are you

Peroñ PP
So they made a commercial. Just publicity donate your money too


amen
Suddenly Bush is cool!? WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED MAN!? DOES NO ONE REMEMBER THE PATRIOT ACT?! No? Nothing? No one remembers that the war justification on Iraq never passed Congress making it ILLEGAL WARFARE!? Jesus you people have short memories.

Hi ben
Very well done.
Hm, conservative area and there are no thefts. I wonder why.... 
Benghazi  FinallyA magnificent President: PRESIDENT TRUMP You, Clinton's, Bushes ing more Corrupt Kinky & Atheistic minute by minute
Thanks you 
Are you fundraising for Yemen, too?
Best Practice
Nein barack bleib bei mir
Someone has to change this it’s everywhere children are in crisis it’s unnatural and it makes a wife and mom crazy with the wrong
This woman recently died due to her financially abusive spouse I will put him down if it takes my last breath
We all are we make babies! The status men get forget and leave us to poverty this is crime
If it wasn’t for yours the goals would not be met she is powerful
She was married to a lawyer he out smarted her just like mine who is a wealth manager these men a recognized from their wives
I didn’t tell u about the woman she held on to her suitcase homeless waiting probonal to prove her financial abusive husband did her wrong
Somebody make hi do the right thing
Today is heading for eviction if victims in financial abuse could prosecute I’ll be alright in fact a law against it
Gurprit s Bains

Unless your name is Hillary Clinton, then you probably are out of luck...
