.@Everytown .@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
I agree. I will take my kids to the range and teach them gun safety and about the 2nd amendment.
Zd
Very nice Obama
Shaddup
We have been trying!!! I miss having a President who cared if we lived
Funny... going through this and seeing bots, trolls, and foreigners that “support and/or love” this utter POS!

You failed you did nothing you are a liar and a horrible corward didn't even come out in support for a honorable vet You truly are anti american anti law and order
Don't U think, these hand guns should be banned
hola
Oh hey it's the criminal that ordered 500,000 fugitives purged from NICS. 2 down more to go...I'm taking bets on who in your admin sings the loudest.
Trump is Orange
Same way sir real one honored blessings
B O Should be censored
Funny you didn't give a shit about Chicago your home town and they have the strictest gun laws in the US and yet HIGHEST gun crimes!
You tell that to all the people in Chicago Barack Obama
He doesn’t dare show his face there without armed guards... They’ve had enough of his .
شارك او احذف نفسك 
I liked you as president. You was one of the best I do admit. But one major issue in my head that I cannot get out is why did you support gay rights. Under God's green earth I will never understand that.
#WearOrange
Sexiest president ever
Hillary should be wearing a orange jump suit!
Naic
Hello nice to seeyou 
Ipor can you hlp me for haoise
Still waiting for you to call out abortion extremism.
Oh oh, you going to make me cry Obama's making me cry really miss you best president
You should have stayed in school, at least long enough to write a complete sentence...
Sir @BarackObama ....
 We miss you lot.... 
 You was best president of USA..... 
 

Miss u so much it hurts.
Thank you for being a better face for America abroad than the current President.
Yeah I am so glad obama defeated Isis, didn’t give money to our enemies and ended the Korean War.  Oh wait that was trump not odummer
dad
Lol 
This picture was is worth a thousand words when people claim climate change is a hoax . Don't forget sandy
Forgot all about Sandy. And the hypocrisy of @marcorubio & other @GOP who voted against a bill to help NY & NJ
yet ask help when needed
Amen
As a veteran I am very surprised; Obama did nothing for Veterans. Trump is ensuring no more fraud and embezzlement, so ALL $$ go to the vets
Hilo
Come back
Probably not happening.
Stomping on my  Brian
You can grow to love him instead.
I'd rather grow a 3rd boob
You already did... it’s on your neck
God is great. Being a president of the free world aren't the same as managing Real Estates, & Hotels. Shame on Conservatives.
Community Organizers.  There were no community organizers b4 Jimmy Carter. He invented and funded when he expanded federal gov't into regional government. +4% more overhead we have to pay for. Still, to this day.
In all honesty, how could you wear orange when Trump IS orange. He is the most hated man in the world.
SIS MEXDUNARODNA ZASTRAHOVKA KIM AIG LIFE ASIGURAZIONNI,,,OT 2007 DO 2027 REGISTRIRANA V SWEZARIA I SIS POLIZA XIVOT NA SISOBVENIKA KOYTO
Sureloser-voted4Utwice-big mistakeOnmyPart-

HeytellUSwhyU&Kerrytotally MissedhowFarN Korea'sMissal SystemHasProgressed-thanks a lot Obama!!
SOS HELPHELP
get rid of democrats in major cities. boom problem moving in the right direction.
Arm yourself against these so called "Politicians" ... They don't serve People's interests. They Serve Money 
Gun IS violence by definition. Rather reduce gun distribution !
U had a secret meeting with buhari.biafra must be liberated
Then put all the gang members in the Superdome and lock the doors for 24 hours. Anyone left alive gets a life sentence. Problem of violence solved! I would add a few Democrats including yourself into the Superdome.
waw
What about black on black violence...   BLM not 2 blacks or You Mr 1/2 Jew former president
Start with buying more
GUN RIGHTS people kill not guns
Show your commitment @BarackObama and disarm your security staff, tear down your brand new wall. Get real!

Why don't you let your voice be heard less and go away. You've had your time now walk away and let President Trump lead the country, not you
His tweets get 4 x more likes than trump. It seems like his voice goes louder no matter how hard trump rallies
Obama has no voice anymore, he's a has been and a failure he needs to crawl back in his whole and let his President lead the country forward
Thanks for lifting the Embargo on Cuba.
You incited violence. Glad your out!
Live Long Life
I will clean my gun & polish my bullets & wait for a good reason to use them.
DI CHI ERA LA IDEA DI 2009,, [ERCHE NON SPIEGA A QUESTTI DIONESTI SEGNIORI E GENTILLE SEGNIORE IN EVRO PARLAMENTO ..CHE LA EU CHE RAPRESENT
Dumm



you served your 8 well. Enjoy the new life. Background checks need to be firm. I support 2nd ammendment. But be smart w who.
Thank God for you and Michelle! Keep fighting for us!
Call the black community leaders and start there stop shooting each other dumbasses
Namasatkar mister Obama ji
Japan is as good as ordinary society is not a gun society
Go back to whatever island you were at that doesn't have an extradition agreement. USA  done with you traitor!! #MAGA #LockThemAllUp
Sa me fait plaisir de vous voir simplement en photomerciepresident
Trump will never get the message. You first have to care about others.
Love you Barack

i miss you
Nobody wants to hear you anymore in unless you're a Democrat that doesn't have any sense, just let it go.
Me said clap  happy Birthday to you Obama man smile wink
They shot back, "Why didn't Obama/Bush do that?" U were smarter, u ignored Kim, there was nothing for him to aim at. Trump WANTS a war.
i am your big big big big big big big big big big big big big friend
This photo is hilariously ironic.

Whatever Barry
Gooog
hell

Like you did selling weapons to the cartels and getting at least 1 American killed?
What the heck
As someone from NZ I have never been able to figure the US love of guns? Why worry about terrorists when you're killing each other.
A great leader indeed

Why do you not have some dignity? just go away as George Bush did,get out of Washington,get away from our President,you want to stir the pot

#Obama - NOT OUR PRESIDENT
Vote liberal demoncrats out of office.
STRANGE A UNATURAL. # OF SCHOOL SHOOTINGS. SINCE U LEFT NADA.. DID U USE CIA TO FAKE SOME LIKE HOW STAGE PROTESTS 4COUPS MACDONIA/CRIMEA/ECT
Good advice BO; haven't shot anyone ever-try so Chicago
Yourecontosy  needs  Obama  care  Japanese  into  necessary  Dr  care?
I do everyday by being an armed female concealed carry permit holder.
So what's ur maning faces instrutter say for the world
Ritorna presidente

ITS EASY REDUCE LIBERALS REDUCE GUN VIOLENCE! FACT! AMERICA IS NUMBER 1 WITHOUT U, U AMERICAN HATER!
很好
Gun kills about 10K people a year. Smoking (which you do) kills about 480K people a year. Did you spread awareness to reduce smoking deaths?
Gun commits violence? Or Democrats? Let's keep guns out of Democrat hands to reduce violence by godless Democrats. You're a fool Osama
STVENIKA I KIM IMOTA NE SA IZTEKLI ..A VIE DORI STE GO PRODALI SIS FALSIVI PODPRAVENI DOKUMENTI ..BEZ SID VIV PRESISTVIYETO NA SISOBSTVENIKA
Fag
Just out of curiosity. How were you able to afford an $8.5 million mansion in DC on your salary? Awe, I see, corruption runs rampant!
E PER RINGRAZIARCI..SI PERMETINO DI UMIGLIARE LA MIA SANTISIMMA MADRE
PHOTO
I am a law abiding citizen, and carry a gun and don't let violence get to close to me
Starting with Chicago!!! Lol
You smell like chicken and kool-aid
Showed my commitment by purchasing 2 more. You are and were the best gun 
salesman ever.
3% last time. It's 50% now... Do you want to try it!!!!
How do you reduce the gun violance in Chicago, they have the strictest gun laws in the country and the most gun violence. See the problem?
woow
قرقر كثير خربوطه
What a handsome man.  We miss you with all our hearts.  Our Democracy & Constitution are being threatened.  Love you & family.
Judy Leonard
I should have stated "seriously threatened".
Hi Mr honourable Obama
His words resonate because he is aware of his own presence.Never attempts to be more then he is and wears humility like a suit of armor
yes mr expresident we need to buy more guns
Your name in Maroc is useid
"I wait for the day that all the weapons will meltdown to a bridge of Love".
This guy creeps me out. He's a phony & an opportunist, and he thrives on social misery & discord so he can step in and be some kind of hero.
Gun violence created this country.
What?
Would we have a USA if the minute men showed up with mace?
No
1024最新地址：http://104.217.128.245/?id=muskegon 请叫我雷锋~
Well
Just go away, you have done enough damage
How about you help keep violent criminals off the street?  Great way to reduce criminal violence done with illegally possessed guns
Puke, puke, puke.  Go away and stay away.
As soon as you "open your borders" & "disarm you guards"! You live in fortresses guarded by gunmen yet spew hypocritical garbage like that?
We need to remove automatic and semi automatic weapons from general public completely.
guns down hands up!
The gun lobby is very strong in USA but no business acting against life can remain sustainable.
Say it to Holder first. #fastandfurious

Or, at least tell your Sec. Service agents to get rid of their guns before you tell us what to do.
You realize your opinion is no longer of any importance now right...you are not our PRESIDENT anymore thank God!!!
Please Run again in 2020!!! We NEED a President like you, but I fear they Broke the mold when the made you. PLEASE RUN FOR POTUS AGAIN!!!!!!

HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. PRESIDENT REAL OG. Much love to the family.
Shouldn't you change your bio to former President? You no longer the serving President. Please correct immediately. It's sign of disrespect.
Should we all give guns to drug cartels like you did?
There was chatters
But he didn't take the bribe
We do. By encouraging Americans to exercise their right to be armed, so they're not helpless victims, for the criminals you brought here.
Uhm u stand more chance of being gunned down by u.s. born citizen then foreigners, asswhipe
Especially if I've been rendered defenseless in violation of my rights.
U can't possibly believe this horse shit
What horse shit is that? Be specific.
Did you go to the same college as me?  I might have just signed on for the dirty deeds done in some part a half hour ago.
President Obama ROCKS!!!!!!!
اه يا بوعمامة يا معلم موهر فرار
wow. your  so. sweet man
I've been reading about your association with the Communist Party of America.  I'm SURE you WOULD like to get your grubbies on our guns....
SMART GUN...lmao,NOT happening Barry,THAT SECOND STANDS and PEOPLE are going to USE the HELL out of it!!!
If there weren't ppl like you in this world I wouldn't need a gun for anything but hunting. Because you live I need a gun for protection
Hi Mr Barack Obama i hope you and your family are well. 
I applied to SIV tow years ago but I have not find any answer yet
I have 2 doghters me and my wife.if u can do something below is my email 
Anas.refah@gmail.com
si nu limda vas si
Please send me ur pics please
KIM PARTIITE DPS HIO PARTISI EVROPEYSKI LIBERALI NA http://MR.GYU.KIM  BKP NA SERGEY STANISCHEV BSPPRESTIPLENIYETO E IZVIRSCHENO PO
thưa ngài Tổng Thống nước Mỹ sau khi không làm chủ nhà trắng thì công việc của ngài dang làm gì.
Yes take the guns away from the bad guys!
Chicago???
Everywhere.
The guns aren't the problem. You can kill with a knife, ball bat, car...it's the people that kill. Pretty simple concept.
Marty, Marty, it's so much easier to pull a trigger from a distance than those other methods, not that I'm planning. Kinder gentler you? SMH
Come on. Just get tired of all this stuff. Have you been watching the news? Home made bombs, cars crashing into crowds. Don't be dumb.
