that's the president we know. Will always be my president. Thank you for your service.
We miss you,  Barry!!
What's the use of these words
*sigh* Save us...
AMO A ESTE HOMBRE

Best President the world ever had. Bravo Mr Obama love for life
:( :( :(
London 
Help! We need you .
amen though it is heart breaking thank you
Thank you for your heart felt reaction. We miss your sincere graciousness more than you can imagine.
SUE TRUMP FOR LIBEL... PLEASEEEEEEEE
damn I wish you were still in the WH!! Have an ass now in there.. don't know what the hell he is doing!!!
@cammiescott  @KaraGodfrey 
Sweden stands with Britain too.
Thanks, appreiciate that 
obama I love you
Thank you Mr. President! 
boy do I miss you!
thank you Mr president
I hv a dream  on the  19 January  the Mr trump  will accused  u  and it hv come  to  happen. Martin Luther  hv a dream about  u
Thank you Mr. President for giving many of us the comfort we so sorely have missed since Jan 20th
hi barrack
thank you for your unbelievable #8yearsofservice!
Amen Mr. President.  U will ALWAYS b my president! God bless u and urs!
I may be English but I miss you in the Oval Office. Always a supporter of the British, as we are to Americans. #StandTogether
the treasonous president and @gop are sure trying....
thanks for your greatness!
...Good talknice
come back
We truly miss you!!
Ah condolences.. Thanks a lot. ISIS is empowered today because you created the void and failed to do anything about it. JVteam?
Greetings to everyone on the pious occasion of Hanuman Janmutasva . May Lord Hanuman shower his blessings on us.
London will remain Strong
thank you for your continued leadership.
Spoken like a true leader.  Thank you!
You have an amazing heart and thank you for eight amazing years.
He is so much more presidential than Trump!!!
His worst day will outshine the best thing Trump could ever do. #potus44
Hah.
A statement of a true president, not a lying thieving orange man
We miss having a president with class.
We miss having a President with a brain.
: ()
Love You Miss YOU The WH never said anything kind to our closest allies. In fact Jr. degraded them. Wish you could help the KAPUNA IN PAHOA.
we do not need you. You still cannot say the name of what did this or who claims responsibility. You're a coward.
The Best President ever #Class
we need a split screen of this and the rudeness of McPoutyface.
here it is #ClassAbove and an #AssClown below
 with Obama she in engaged and dynamic. With man-baby she looks amused and distant.
She should!  She sold out her people and Trump called her out on it
 ridiculous! I would worry about trump selling out the country to the Arabs!
That was Obama - taking in terrorist, giving billions to Iran, putting CAIR into US govt
Buffoon just like Trump
united we stand
I  You #London 
@BarackObama
#LoveTrumpsHate
@BarackObama @MichelleObama
my bad, Trump is selfish and doesn't care about his people, oh wait... Y'all will criticize the man for doing a good thing
You're absolutely right. He only cares about himself, money & power. He is a FRAUD. #resist
Trump cares about the American people because he is the president of the United States, not of the world #MAGA
trump cares about trump, and no one else. He has sacrificed the unity & safety of America. #TheResistance  #notmypresident
but he is your president so.... You lose
Aw shit… remember when we had a POTUS that spoke with sincerity and eloquence
And almost bankrupted us?  Actions speak louder than words!  Charge ahead President Trump@POTUS
Yes. Pussy grabbing for all! Yee-haw! God Bless!
Not the best manners. God is watching....
Yes. Watching your "president"...
I accepted that Obama was my President also. I respect the process &!our country. And my God!
Trump has demonstrated, by a multitude of things he's said and done, that he won't get my respect. I'm shocked that any Christian does.
I hear your confusion, unless U realize R priorities. Unborn babies, freedom of religion etc
Well that's nice. Considering the blood is on your hands.
U belong in Prison for Treason against The USA. The Truth will come out.
We miss you former" President Obama "!
miss you
You should be asking why Millions of Muslims have not been integrated into Europe after two generations???
Génial
I miss you Obama
Using taxpayers' $ to undermine PM Netanyahu, the "back of the que" threat 2 Brexiters, criminal espionage of Trump, now France? #LockHimUp!
Prayers for the families.
Now a quote from the late great Biggie Smalls to the good people of France.
Commence to ass kickin!
hello sir i love you. sir i love you so much. sir i love america
sir i am bangladeshi.
#liberals should finally start to make the #World a better place by #AbortingThemselves

Trump is the snake,

that slimy & sneaky bloke,…
Your "Heart" goes out everywhere...Pay your bills Obama...I haven't had a paycheck for my Awesome Acting "Services" in years
you are  right.
What is trump doing? We dont want to be at war with koren...

السلام عليكم ورحمةالله وبركاتةمساك الله بالخيركيف حالك يالطيب طالبك طلب تكفي تقول تم ابي منك مليون دولار يذئب وانت كريم اذا خليتها10 مليون
Listening to you right now tell me that if people who disagree with you are in charge, something is wrong. Yep, that's all I heard. @foxnews
Then you need to remove the crud from your ears.
Stay out of the country you are not wanted here
הנשיא אובמה נאה, שלום, אברך אותך, בוקר טוב, צהריים טובים, ערב טוב, מוכן, לורד, הלורד 
בודהה, ישו, יברך אותך, שלום, בריאות, אושר, שלום
You will go down as the worst US President! Unqualified in domestic and foreign policies, only an activist is what you are!
ぼくもそう思う
like you
Your fucking heart doesn't know the reality of the life!
Hey,maybe you can surf a Chinese website www,bilibili,com, You will find something interesting
Obutthole TREASON!!!
In our prayers...
.@BarackObama thank you, Mr. President. 

You are sorely missed.
<<worst President ever - belongs in prison.  Someday he will pay for his crimes - the people have had enough
رتويت وتفضيل على مشروعنا الله يسعدك واذا في مجال انشر/يه ينتهي التصويت الجمعه الساعه ١٠.
*من المستوى السادس علوم طبيعية شعبة (1) 
Your policies led to all this terrorism. Nice work ace.
Этих вами разорённых уничтоженных не жалко???

I wish you were still president of the United States and the Free World Donald Trump can't even managed his own hair do
Is it true that liberals need hourly injections of donkey farts to survive
Come back ...

Help me i need money
My name is youssef elouazzany
I live in spain
This is my adress calle derecha N°15, bolanos de campos,valladolid, spain
if terrorist have unity so all the country unite as well for breaking the grip of terrorism.
 When people feel free???
хуй тебе в жопу пидар черножопый
Anlamadım ama doğru soyledin reis.
Like
0
Anybody else notice barack Obama still says he is president?
The heart in his chest! U know the one ppl feel with! He has one unlike #trump #TheResistance #RESISTANCE #Trumprussia #TrumpLies #resist
He is multi race! I have multi race grandkids! I love them & love @BarackObama too! 
HI barack Obama how are you I am likes USA,
Is that why you are spying on the American people.

If Britain didn't let all those (so-called) refugees (unvetted) into their country (like U wanted here) they'd not have those problems? MAGA
You don't have a heart! You created this divide within our nation, and now you get to sit back and laugh, while someone else fixes it!
#BHO Heart goes out to victims; that doesn't help. When you were president should've allowed your military to send message to terrorists!
God we miss you MR. PRESIDENT. 
im no speak english and you BARACK OBAMA is verry verry good!!!!! no  trump!!! im sorry for you !!!!

Evil Democratic Party collusion union destroys the factory so that the American people do not work! Detroit is an example
So great to see ya reaching out again #AwesomePresidentEver @POTUS44 @BarackObama @CNN @StephenAtHome #WeMissYouBoth  @MichelleObama
Can't stop cracking  watching @StephenAtHome @colbertlateshow He's freakin' hilarious #addicted to #LateShow @CNN @AC360 @BarackObama
Yay! Tell me about that @dfaithelaine @angelsary_l @PatriciaThe2nd @Jetspeedcx7 counting the days! #NYC #DC #Boston etc #Vacation Holiday 
ThankYou @StephenAtHome @colbertlateshow awesome feelings to watch you everyNight Look!  recorded all your shows...@ChrisCuomo @sethmeyers
I watched the Monday show of @StephenAtHome "The Best one so far" so Trump fans back-off" @CBS #1stAmendment  We're behind the #LateShow 
Yep great timing Month of June just Open...req 2tickets probably my sis will do request herself if she wanted to join. GoToBed "Night Night!

たなかやらはさなや
奥巴马。i love u
#respect
Barack and Michelle Obama are the epitome of humanity and class! Unbelievable we went from the very top to absolute bottom in a blink.
物极必反
We miss u presidnt... in just a few weeks every thing r going to trash... regrdsfrm ecuador
STOP lying!
Traitor
Except MAYBE electing @realDonaldTrump ! Many MANY consider him an act of terror!! As the SO CALLED @POTUS would say "SAD,BAD (for R future)
I know you are above it. But I would love to see you go Southside Chicago all over Trump, #HeardYouBeenTalkingAboutMeDonald You inspire hope
Word can explain how much I miss you as POTUS..hope you visit Ft. Lauderdale..would love to attend a speech
Well said, Obama =)
You should have stopped Isis when you were in office! Instead you let them explode! great job!
My heart goes out to the victims and their families in London. No act of terror can shake the strength
 the world stands with London. Thank you for your words and  courage
What about isralian palistanians
;(
But if you were still the president you would do nothing about it. #you could have killed us with the Iran deal
ماهذا القلب العنصري !! يحزن لضحايا لندن ولا يهتم لأطفال سوريا الذين ماتُ اختناقاً! لو اتخذت اجراءات صارمة مع الاسد لما مات الأطفال الأبرياء
الله ينصر ويخذك
The British and the Americans will always remain strong allies
i miss you
This man has shown our young generation how to handle tough situations and how to do great things.
Good evening, sir. How are you? I am from the Sultanate of Oman
De tout coeur avec les victimes du terrorisme, pour que la démocratie vivre soyons toujours vigilants.
#سلام چشم که زیاد باشه بچه یاگور میشه یاشل
My heart goes out to the victims and their families in London. No act of terror can shake the strength and resilience of our British ally.
You are just completely awesome
@MichelleObama you rock 
Macri está decidido los aniquila a todos.
hey when are giving me a job.
Yes we can
He needs to update his Twitter bio to say FORMER president
So you really don't know that former presidents are referred to "Mr. President" not former? Pick up a book.
When addressing a former President of the United States in a formal setting, the correct form is “Mr. LastName.”
Libs are fooled by politicians, the practiced eloquent career politicians that are responsible for the devastated state of the United States
I wish you well Mr. President, You were POTUS when I served in the US Army, I will always respect you for that even though I may disagreew/u
Do to the far left allowing Muslims to invade and destroy London. Radical Islamic Muslim terrorist! Say it Obama you coward!
hello barack
The ally that you said would be put to the back of the Que for trade if they voted to leave the EU. Thankfully you helped us to vote leave.
OMG
Really because either you changed your tune or....are you are sure it's not a mentally ill individual???
VERYGOOD
Anarchist that you are
Ομπάμα όμορφος, γεια σου, που, ευλογεί καλημέρα, καλησπέρα, καληνύχτα, πρόθυμος, ο Κύριος, ο Βούδας, ο Ιησούς
I have no job can u help mi sir
i love you sir
