Prince Harry hosted former US President @BarackObama at Kensington Palace today. 
Ha ha foundations are code for money laundering...
He got educated by the Clinton's.
Yep, another one going into the "laundering" business
.@BarackObama .@KensingtonRoyal .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
اهلا بكم كيفكم  ياحبايب
Very good 
USA miss you ... people this is a serious tweet if wanna behave unprofessional go to Trumps tweets ... I do that to...
Yeah You have poisoned Prince Harry on PRESIDENT TRUMP and the American People WON'T EVER FORGET
Thanks for sharing the tweets Obama was one of the best

Hi
You can have him
Haters up and down
Things Trump can never say: "my friend Prince Harry"
Because He Is A Racist?
I Dont Like Trump But Why Do You Guys Keep Criticizing Trump?
Nope. Cause no one likes Trump
Well he's the president. So obviously majority of the USA likes him
Why did he lose the popular vote by 3 million then?
Because becoming president has everything to with popularity.
Sorry, I don't get your logic- he is LESS popular- by 3 million- more populist maybe?
@KensingtonRoyal
Your foundations? Prince Harry's I'm guessing will do a lot more charity than your political resistance "Soros Promotion" foundation.
good photo  sir
@KensingtonRoyal wish you all the best and blessings ever more
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982904600339546113 … 8833
Did you like it ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L  
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time 
…
@huv77 Mike Flynn being cleared by the Obama Admin is like buying a used car without the Carfax. Extreme vetting for refugees but not Flynn
We love and miss you 
Second that, Our True President!! We miss you and Michelle and the days when we were not embarrassed in front of the world + felt safe! 
Felt safe arming Mexican gangs and open boarders. Selling Uranium to RUSSIA Yes please more of that...
When we impeach Trump can you be our interim president, please? Asking for a friendly nation.
Impeach? For what? Speculation, obvious fools don't know the laws, just delusional thinking is their facts 
Lol another liberal with no facts, I'll ask you, facts? Proof? Or just hope n desire for delusional thoughts to equal facts?? 
FBI and Intelligence Agencies--Collecting it NOW!
Thank you for everything you have done for us and sorry crazy manbaby is trying to undo all of your good sir
Europe now realizes what Americans are dealing with after seeing him up close & personal this past week. #buffooninaction
Not just Europe. The world over.
They've laughed from his 1st debate
Very true. We've laughed from his first debate.
We're not laughing now. He's mucked things up so badly-wonder if we'll ever be able to return to what it once was. #worsebytheday
That word scares me tho.  I hope to heck it doesn't go that far!  It would delight Putin so much!
Until ALL of wakes up & finallyALL realize how we were played 4 fools,I'm afraid not much will change.Having said that we mustn't give up!

So much fine in that pic
I really think we might be witnessing the slow death of men's ties, similar to how JFK killed off the hat.
Which is a shame cause I looooove men's ties.
Barack really pulls off the no tie look something fierce though.
He's fierce without even trying! He is filled with compassion, intelligence and class!
Intelligence? That's a joke! Good at stringing sentences together that mean zilch, if that's what you mean? All talk no action!!!!!!
Except health care reform, saved economy, marriage equality, wall street reform, ended Iraq war, killed Bin Laden, saved US auto indust.,etc
I show you how to do ur job sire and how to set an example
Taking a break from Trump madness to reflect on what America had before chaos and treason walked in the White House!
I feel you! Seems like ten damn years ago!!!
Good to hear mr former president but i just have one question is your house big niw that you dont live in the white house
So get on this as ur maning faces instrutter as cuz the wore as ur maning faces instrutter
@BarackObama  Another @HillaryClinton slush fund? Sellout
Liked your tweet
Posh
Should have bought stock in crayon and playdoe  and real estate for safe spaces
Two handsome dudes!! 
Oh please listen to the pedophile talk about condolences and victims
Hahaha
Two LEGENDS.
Hey Citizen Boss, Very Best Regards.. So have you any thoughts on dems  joining th gop to acelrate red states move 2 purple in our lifetime.
Inspiring, motivational, opening eyes to not just the issues facing the US but globally and the ripple effect and impact  on all of us. 
We're ur scrutety and scrutety to the content to the nation that issue the Wiman and kids a self working investment
Love them.  Great work.  God's blessings all the way.
A great mentor   #Barrack Obama
Thank you are very well
Awesome picture of you two 
Somewhere along the way, our technology surpassed our humanity. One day, maybe humanity will surpass our technology !!
Is that Seth Rich?
@KensingtonRoyal What an inspiring photo!
You will be in Jail!!!!!
Good job!!! Keep up your good reputation do good like u did my president miss u!!!
Keep dreaming..the queen loathed u and Michael...shame on u..u r a traitor o this country..u divided the races and allowed murders by blacks
Come home to us.  Please.  We'll be better, we'll do all the yard work around the White House, just come home now.
King YUDAH-JUDAH wants. The prince of wales; to Meet and.Greet!! The King and priest.... Tribe King of the people...Judah Ohio valley city o
Love Him and Michelle. Xxxxxxxxx
Miss you wish u we're here bro
His grandma hired one to say your and my races cease to exist, another kofi. To make top candidates in the Dem party, ask you about
We REALLy miss you Mr. Obama
The Prince looked a little less than happy
As I'm holding there uman rights
I BET U LIKE PRINCE HARRY OBAMA! I SAW THE LIST OF ALL OF THE KIDS U BROUGHT 2 WH FOR "ENTERTAINMENT" IN THE HOT TUB, U SICK SOB! #PedoGate
Nice to see you .well com my home pls
Hey man go away like every other president after they leave office
Here for a vitamin of crime so what's do you actually say for the world
Prince Harry is much more handsome than you
Someone's nose will be out of joint...again! No pushing and shoving now!!!
Great to see you Mr. President, continuing to do good work!!!  Bless you sir!!!
No offense, but the royal family will be doing a lot more of this consoling thanks to their open borders and welcome of terrorists.
So true.
You encouraged Manchester.
Hypocrite.
May God continue to bless and keep you and your family Barack. no matter what anyone says, God knows your heart
You lost
I'm just mad about Harry...
Thank you
Judah here boy ...get back to me Brothers of Brotherhood of man?
Nice..... even you're not a president anymore you're still busy as a president....so sad you had to leave ...so sad for the USA...
Good to see Pres Obama is still on the trail as an unofficial ambassador !!
I miss my president @BarackObama so much! 
Equally up wimans rights

Pls pop into @#Heal's on Tottenham cCurt Rd and see my daughter in the lighting dept. She will literally lose her mind!
And of course to lecture Brits on Islamaphobia. You are a real piece of work.
Um dos meus favoritos


the muslim agenda
Sir I'm your big fan... from India
U always working to make more money 4 ur "foundation"...Clinton taught you well. #Keepscamming
Please come home & help us to stop the madness!  Trump & Pence are trying to make us into Stepford wives.
Pres. Obama yes your reading it correctly thank you for the 8 years of service. I am very proud of you & 1st Lady USA never looked better 
That is sound advice, or, maybe, common horse sense should say, maybe choose a campaign manager, who is not immediate kin to ones opponent?

@KensingtonRoyal So proud of you and the Royals. We need humanitarians speaking up for us. Thank you very much. 
https://twitter.com/NYtitanic1999/status/870063590379794432 …
Just need to use Urban dictionary with Donald Trump code words?
Covfefe according to the Urban dictionary welcome to City of Villains party = Gotham City party. Just need to call Obama? 
Awesome 
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/update-makalah-ulumul-hadist-of-kampus.html …
We miss you Sir.
Clearly stated I was obamas citizen prime
I didn't know price harry actually did shit, to be honest
Heard you were going to donate to the #sethrich investigation. Is that true? You know, the American Hero who was murdered.
Please google Tinnitus and help spread the word.
U created the hatred and violence. U r not an American citizen and r an enemy and traitor..u dare to condemn the very bull shite you incited
I didn't vote for U either time, but, I was decent enough 2 GIVE U A CHANCE N U DID NOTHING RIGHTEOUS OR 2 HELP THE PEOPLE OF "OUR" COUNTRY
Every murder by blacks, Muslims, illegals N the very people u pardoned from prison were murderers. Do u ever think about BENGHAZI N FAMILIES
While the condolences are warranted for the innocent lives.  You sir are no longer President thank God so don't pollute the Prince
Lovely to see you here!
boss
For the wore
So when exactly are you going to help Chicago? I mean u had 8 yrs...
مبارك عليك الشهر طويل العمر.
Thanks Obama for screwing the middle class. Thanks Obama for the $8,000 deductible, Thanks Obama for all the hate & division in our country
True. He's a globalist illuminati it's in your Bible in the Book of Revelation.
He's part of those globalist one world order people
Winter / British Bulldog Knuckles
As ur melels
Lol
Puke!
@KensingtonRoyal  Nice
Look at ur maning faces instrutter in to instrutter
Nice
You are one of the biggest men in the whole history. Respect and love from IRAN.
U ar the trugh president imo
Makes you feel important right?
I'm sure the Prince wanted to be anywhere but there with Obama
Friendship? Hussein, global islamization leader & prince Harry, western civilization icon?
Things Trump says but are not true: "my good friend Prince Harry"
Sorry prince Henry, the Tavel ban does not work going out of the USA
You really need to mentally adjust to the FACT that you no longer have any political relevance except for casting your one and only vote.
You Sir are a class act!
Your but his
Friend or student? Is real or not about NAME ON THE ROAD HAVE =  "OBAMA FAMILY ROAD" LET ALL CAN OUT FROM JJ CACA MAMA KAKAKA YES OR NOT?
Why was our election integrity compromised by you? 

Why is our country worse off after you spent 8 years making a case?
Hysterical that you think you are still relevant. You did enough damage. Spy. Stop stalking our President.
You're a genius!
Just. Go. Away.
Because you are important not because of that but because God created you.  Please don't get your value from who you know but from the fact
So great to see 
Committed by muslimes.
GOOD to See you Anywhere, Barrack!! You're a 'Beacon of Hope & Light' in  very dark times for our Country
France  : 1 va Trump : 0
This's lovely
