Barck Obama. Health. Facebook
 Care had been about
County  has. Sesame street the
Please come back. The Captain of the TITANIC is running the White House & we are sinking. I will bake cookies if you come back. Final offer.
what are you smoking?
I do not smoke, drink to excess or have ingested ANY illegal drugs all my life. Can you say the same?
Go away. You screwed up this country sooo bad already. Now your arrogance won’t let you stop and go home.

God bless you and your dear ones, Mr. President.
The American taxpayers burdened with poor financial oversight & greedy politicians like yourself are unable to afford our own care as a result of your lack of understanding the existing healthcare infrastructure. We need to evolve healthcare first.
Yeah, right you lying sack of crap. "You can keep your doctor and your plan." A big slush fund to insurance companies on my taxpayer dime. Shows a lot about your character, Mr. Obama!
Is that why I can't get treatment? Is that why I can't afford Obama care? I tried..but no doctor would see me with it. I had to drop it and then got fined . No...i have no treatment. My husband will die cause they refuse to do surgery because of your Obama care. Fk your Obamacare
奥巴马
Good Bless
then why has my health insurance tripled under Obama Care? Why do you allow illegal immigrants to automatically register to vote? They shouldn't be registering to vote at all You Hate America You brought back racism hard, Michele hates white people and it shows so sad!!
Amen
.@BarackObama #getcovered .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
happy
Then, how come you didn't have Congress and yourself get the same healthcare you forced us to get?!?!
The character of our nation is reflected through our health care. Most hospitals were founded by Christian groups.Our Character is Christian
Also mostly white people. Are we a white nation too?
We were founded by white Christians w/foresight for all. Our constitution w/bill of rights makes us a nation of citizens from the human race
Im glad you mentioned healthcare, America hasn't been feeling to well lately Mr president.
Donald J Trump, is a "Cancer", spreading through out our country...via his policies and reforms. When The grim reaper comes, he dosent come to talk or negotiate. Robert Muller is a surgeon that can remove this…
Healthcare is good one  There no alternative.
Bs it’s about government taking control every aspect of our life eventually with the landgrab and ruining healthcare they wanted to turn into a one world government run through the UN Obama want to be president of UN which they did not like but We stopped the evil
Wrong, your character, not America's. Socialized medicine is bad for any country, and you knew that! I'm an Australian citizen and common healthcare is BAD! All you had to do was require allowing competition across state lines, prices would have dropped 70%. So would lobby $ huh?
you have taken all the indian muslums to usa when u left. We hindus want to live in peace
@well said Sir. Don’t exercise extra energy in unnecessary chitter chatter not worth your precious time!!
Best regards from Martinique
Pode me ajudar com o tratamento dentário


Socialism rings a bell no matter how old the tweet is. "Thank God in greyhound your gone"
Our Country is only as great as our weakest links. MBA's killed ecosystem, by inventing sending our ecosystem overseas. Rich still want more, the poor are getting less than ever. Those with the most, offer the least. Humanity is devolving, all our life hours are at the top now.
It kills me to see Anjit Pai FCC, gut our internet protections. He is an obvious lobby for the IPS's. Even changing media rules of area limitations being repealed. These people are worshipping corporate America, who is paying them to lead us into the ditch. What can we do now????

I agree sir!
all  the best
America!   ..... the country does not have character.... that's a responsibility for the PEOPLE.... Accountability and Justice.
What happens now the the premiums are untouchable ????could u get in touch with me and send me the cost of the penalty please Than u
It was about you & big government forcing us to buy something we don't want...Thank God for President Trump#MAGA
am learning a lot about your character. No wonder you didn't do anything worth talking about. You and Hillary were to busy being Corrupt!!!
They are all mooches kick em all out of MY country.
you destroyed it.Noone can see Drs or afford it.but my birth control is covered ,even in my 60s
"can keep your doctor; can keep your healthcare provider".....#Liar Sorry barack....your "more flexibility" is as irrelevant as you are!!!
ACA. America’s Health Care Plan
ACA is America’s Health Care Plan!
Why can’t all Americans who need group health insurance join the ACA without getting subsidies? Lower costs, better health care!
Wrong! In this country I've learned healthcare is about giving illegals (& politicians) free EVERYTHING while US citizens pay for it!
Love you, tell us how we can save ourselves from the crazy man that took your place, PLEASE!
What character are we showing now that congress elected a sellout/traitor as our cmdr in chief.  What a shame!

Very much like the President of the United States.

You are sorely missed Sir
Please come back!! 
Exactly

This can not be more true than now....
And its failing. So what did you just tweet?
It should NOT be our responsibility to pay for people's health care - we do NOT want to pay for other people's healthcare!
thank you obama
And the Haves pay for the Have Nots...
Esse ex presidente Barack Obama faz pelestras presenciais, diferente do ex presidente Lula...
Tagqvaodbainrwxk kdpdnsielqbsiaihsgqofpwvakgsiwfzkqisrzkwfao acqpefaktxaislss
vous avez été bon pour nous monsieur.
Hi, Order this Free Anti Aging Cream for Best Results. (Shipping $4.99) US Only

Thank you for your continued support for the fight of health care !! I work in home health and I'm a receipt in of health insurance
I couldn't agree with former President Obama more. Indeed health care, like education  should be beyond politics and cross boundaries.
President Obama u got as close as anyone to NHC in America against great obstacles & now Trump is trying to kill your great achievement,sick
Also about a lot of money money money. Food should be a right, shelter should be a right. Both are essential these should be rights first.
The LORD is and definitely keep rewarding you for your loving spirit

What does this say about the character of our country? #MAGA @realDonaldTrump #POTUS #snowflakes #snowflake #ThinBlueLine #persist #ISTAND
You did that sir..they can't change what you have done..Obama Care..will stay..they trying..but naw..we good with that
If you like your healthcare so much why don't you keep it?
I miss you so much Mr. President your heart kept us together. Lord help us all now 45 trying to take everything of you away from us.
Is that why you were unable to get one Republican to vote for Obamacare? That's why there should be less gov't in healthcare, not more.
Awesome
My I have my money back from my health care premium. It's around 2,000 more starting in 2018. Just wondering!
Mr Obama do you think Americans and other nations miss you
First Muslim supremacist president... great
for all we know you’re probably that 200ibs guy with a laptop on a bed somewhere in Leningrad!! :)))
Sorry cupcake but I'm that redneck from North Texas that supports our troops and stands for the flag!
Trump is doing just fine thank you! Media is like working for the devil to sway the little sheep...baaabaaaaa
Mr. President,  your health care system saved my life. Without it I would not have found big issues.  You are terribly missed! Take care. ♡♡
It is? WOW! I tought it was for the people in your country lol. Damn your country needs me more than mine...The REAL Antichrist.
Healtgcare was better before obama Care. I was paying $36.00 for 3 people now because of you!!! Im paying $784.00 a month. Where the justice
America was given the opportunity to keep Obamacare simply by voting for Hillary Clinton in 2016  America didn't want ACA or Hillary Clinton
Yet so many people complained about Obama care. Wonder what they say now?
They usually say the debt has doubled.
I love and miss you and Michele. I never worried when you were president,. Now, I'm a wreck. I have hard time watching the news. I felt safe
KOELN:
Healthcare 4 all is not guaranteed by our Constitution.  Only reason HC is critical, Congress has sold out citizens 2 HC lobbyists.  Cheats!
U obviously didn't grasp the duties of the office.  Uphold the Constitution & defend the country from all invaders.  includes DACA, not HC.
And so many of my patients complain & strain under the weight of $4000+ deductibles and no choice of plans!  A total LIE to the public!

URGENTCall your representatives at (202) 224-3121) tell them to vote NO on #GrahamCassidy “health kill” bill. The "spineless" GOP are evil
Some of the participants of #Peace conference at @mobarakmoskee @hwpl_nl @hwpl_kr #Ahmadiyya #Loveforall
And governments are shitty at it....
What are your feelings on your replacement underfunding the ACA Organizations that have assisted in the outreach & enrollment for over 3 yrs
someone please tag yogi and modi of india in this post
Have you apologized for lying about ACA, and how your healthcare architect called Americans stupid? Too busy enjoying your millions, huh.
Yeah and ACA is a total failure
For someone who based his presidential candidacy on fraud, you have a huge nerve speaking of character.
Mr Obama you were an amazing people's president - from this side of the pond Sir, you're missed greatly. God bless you.
You could have been one of our greatest President, but you chose to ignore our Constituton&laws with you anti American deceitful rheotric.
The ACA did not work. It is too expensive. We are going to send healthcare back to the states, you damn Marxist. I have no respect for you.
Well then why did you start having the military do sex changes as a part of your health care policy what in the world is that all about
Afaan Oromo
Yeah and you promised to lower costs when my health insurance tripled. Another reason I regret voting for you cuz
We keep hearing it's hard to figure out how to pay for it, so here's an idea


Is that why you exempted yourself, your family, Congress, govt, state employees? You make me ill. We have a small business & have to a fine
precisely!
Is that why Congress and yourself was exempted from having to buy your crazy obamacare! A globalist move to take out middle-class!
Obama health care it was for poor people even very important.
And your ACA bullshit threw our economy into a tailspin. PRESIDENT TRUMP is having to clean up the giant stinking mess of your presidency
We had health care before you changed it all. Wish you had used your powers to help the USA instead of tearing it down & tossing God out.
True
Yes
oh you're a character alright and this is not your country.
You screwed up Healthcare BIG TIME!!  You set racism back 60 years. Sit down now and WATCH how it should be done!!
Umm no your buddy trump is doing that all by himself . #44 is the most humble honest president period . Trump is a disgrace to American vlus
Scared about the character of our Country. Evil exists because good people do Nothing.
Health care is NOT the responsibility of the government!!  I don't need the government to run my life. You have doomed our economy!!!
Every dictator in the 20th century has been an advocate of national healthcare.
