Love you Mr President
Really.  Why?   What has he done for you?   Have you renewed your healthcare policy yet - if not get ready for a big bump up in premiums thanks you the President you “love”.  Oh and that job or tax cut he promised you - NOT HAPPENING!
Obama was the 2nd highest job creator, considering deficit he was handed when he took office, Clinton was #1. Do some research.
YOU need to do some research, you just made the most uninformed comment on social media!!!
Dearest Brainwashed Trumpeteer, if it weren’t for filibustering, he would have have created twice as many jobs! YOU DO YOUR RESEARCH!
Yeah, now you have a deadly jester in the White House. That office is being run down right in front of our eyes.
exactly!
Miss you Mr. President!
Thanks to you and your beautiful family for all your support.  We miss you so, so much.
Thanks my President. You know how to have a heart during these senseless situation.
sujivaten agency for all American people
We miss our real PRESIDENT! Unity
Fortunately you are still here to preserve something of symbolic for american people and abroad.
You will always be the best President in my mind
When will USA come to their senses and regulate gun ownership #banthe guns
He is a leader with all leadership qualities, leaders do born once a century and he's the one who born in this century, lot of respect to Mr. Barack Hussain Obama
well, 
born within the last hundred years,
served as president within this century,
but yes.
Les actes de haine ne mène nul part! Comprenez qu'il faut que l' ordre  règne.
Peace and love!
Thank you Mr. President, well spoken as always. Ignore these ignorant and uneducated idiots who continue to blame you for everything. You walked into a sh*tstorm after 8 years of Bush's administration & had to clean up the mess he made. Thank you for 8 great years. We miss you!
God we miss you!
Wish we could vote for you to b president for life
I
That for sure I feel for families for there lost but keep all in prayers
Amen President Obama
Trump is the worst president in history
I love "Obama" <3
Sick liberals!
Thank you for your grieving and not the “thoughts and prayers “ which do absolutely nothing. They are dead. Can we talk AR15 ban now?
You  still show a bit sense of caring thanks for your condolences to the Sutherland people.
Amen brother time for the US to have less guns than people enough is enough
Spoken like a true President should .  We miss you you so much  , if only we could turn  back   time .   
Just heartbreaking...as a young adult in the 60s+, it's do hard to understand this hate going on now!
Miss you everyday Barack
Amen
Sad
WHEN WILL the killing stop we must ask ourselves why it’s happening
Nice attempt at passing the torch to Hillary #Trumpstilldubbed
Yesssss..... my prez is a man to be admired... not the hateful type of so called leader grabbing private parts and laughing as if that’s a good thing. For real, for real.
True
Facts xoxo love ya always xoxo u miss
Love & yes, prayers to all survivors
There’s a majority who do not miss you and know you will get your just reward for the damage you’ve done to our country. Quit acting like you’re still President.
He should still be president, better than that clown who is supposed to be in office now. Obama was the best president for the U.S
Someone needs to act like the President bec the man in office is not.
On
Amen, Praying for those families!!
I feel sad and angry at the same time
Barack, have you EVER thought about getting a hand gun for protection before you were in office, living in Chicago? Tell the truth now. Guns are not bad but disturbed people make them dangerous. All citizens should have the right to protect their families to be able to sleep
Yo president that gave me nightmares hey yo...  Dude I'm moving.  60 years we faught KOREA before even the begining of Veitnam.  No. I'm a homeless vet.  BECAUSE OF YOUand yes Lost the family business too.  5595679646 ok Othello sir.  Mr deamon asking the queen for shit wtf
Yo...  I gave up when I attempted suicide ok.  You even raided me for terrorism investigating valid rumors of gambling between gaurds over inmates in the shu program.    Dude president dude.
You will always be my president
But he is not our leader. Now he can act anyway he wants and say anything he wants without much backlash, not too many care what he says at all. He had his chance. Our nation is under attack by thugs of all colors ect. We need a solution, and I feel we will need weapons to win!
Please help.. I dont kno what direction to take with globel worming and the earth routing on every axis we dont kno if were in the artic circle.. If feels like it..  I aint dessed for ot...  My skin can bear it please help
Please if u can keep the men and women aci nice and warm. Some co's are asses
This problem can be solved quite easily.  Ban guns ! UK doesn’t need them, why does USA.
We miss you Mr President. 
hi to the beloved family. God bless
The country really needs a respectable president.  There was never any president who showed the love for his wife and family like you.   I think that's why the republicans hated you so much.  No skeletons in your closet when it comes to respect for women.  Love and miss you
Just saw you on letterman’s new show.  I just want to tell you how much I admire you and Michelle.  You are so well spoken and so relatable. I think you were a wonderful president and miss your presence.  Thank you for your time in office and the dignity and grace you brought .
Great men share sentiments
#hailobama
Happy Holiday sir to you and all your family.
Please go away!!
So right
When will the hatred retreat .... tears ...
I miss you as our leader everyday 
I miss you so much President Obama!!
The most powerful weapon we can use against hatred, violence etc is "PRAYER" The real President sits on the throne. "GOD"
You're always going to be my President sir Next up is Michelle Obama 
So very sad. God Bless...
A true President
Yes we will sending prayers
Hatred brought about from ones invironment and the souls ability to go into shock.  Fear steals hatred from all the liars
Parabéns presidente. O melhor e mais decente político Brasileiro foi o  imperador Pedro 2, deposto em 1888, O melhor e mais humano presidente USA foi o SR.!!!
Greetings from Germany, my fine sir!
Miss you Mr. President.. You were the best.
Love you
Miss youll so much
wow
Vi siamo vicini  e preghiamo che non succeda più

Hai SIR GOOD AFTERNOON
Well said, sir. Thank you for everything. I miss the USA that you cultivated. We shall endure #MAGA. Make America Heard Again. #MAHA
Heyyy
Thank you for always being a true leader in spite of naysayers and illogical and unqualified people!
Dear sir you are great men in USA i am your friends from india i really like you sir you are good president in the world
I’ve prayed thought, etc. why LoneStar State permit guns now. To church member’s said I should learn gun “if God can’t protect gun won’t.
Mr Obama, My president, GOD bless you and your family. Carlos in angolan repúblic.
Thank you for a presidential information United States hangs in the balance.
Yes, constantly sending prayers!
Vem ser presidente  no Brasil
Hi Amy.
bro can u come back soon
Thank you for your continued leadership sir.
Amen!
Indeed, we will.
Thankx
Would not that qualify for an act of terrorism? Or this pleasure is only reserved if the attacker is Muslim!!!!!
Your always there in heart!!  Yeah I miss yall yet?  For sure.  "The Lunatic is in the hall"  Pink Floyd.  No Love songs in this WH!!
Always Mouthing off so eloquently ...Polished Speaker...All Talk ,No Action. The Welfare Prez.   Obugger was the worst president we ever had in History .
Amém Obama. May God grant you much wisdom, for the world needs people like you 
#1eletcefet 

U r so amazingly right . We miss u. Ready to get engaged for 2018 election

@BarackObama
Mr.President, I grieve because 2 of my children retired from the military and 1 daughter. We have 4 grandchildren, and when 1 family grieves, as a mother and grandmother, I grieve as well. If it were not for the Lord, there go I. Amen
हक दो
Wish u were still our president Barack Obama. God bless u and your family. Jenell L.
You are best friendly president ever, Mr Obama thank you
Obama the best president!
If there were not so much hate I guess there would be a heaven
We had more funerals today that should never had happen, praying for all may y'all rest in peace
It's a terrible world my president
U know U don’t mean what U say! U could care less about American citizens!! U & UR BLM agenda is all U care abt, Favoritism of “UR people”!!
Thanks mister expresident
Love you Barack! The USA gas had no greater President than you! Xoxoxoxo
That's my Presidential. Any day any time. Long live Obama.
No words necessary!
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982894575126745088 … 2606
Did you like it ?
Perfect #gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/FXgzqh  
Click URL: https://goo.gl/FXgzqh   
…
Like Hitler
You do it your self bu anyway You don’t réalise
.@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
We miss you Mr. President.  Your class and your grace and your beautiful family were such a joy to see in the White House.  Thank you for everything you have done for our country and people.  You are loved.
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/canbangladesh-turn-their-form-around.html …
The Obama family showed such grace while in office. Don't you miss it? I do.
I miss having a real President. I'm a 63 year old white man from Arkansas. I despise racism, we are all equal. Only you actions can set you apart, words without action are hollow.#FreeTheTruth
アメリカがなんか変わっちゃったなと思います。笑顔が無くなった。
You're the best African ever!!
Get A Brand New Apple iPad Pro! https://cpbld.co/o/22213/1194415?s1= …

Im love
YES I AGREE
Class act Mr President. We miss you so much
Pop art Athina. Paintings for collectors.Amerikis 9 Kolonaki Athens http://Greece.www.athina-kotsoni.gr 
وگسبص
Are you f*king serious? People with a brain understand what is going on here.
Should have really took the opportunity to help the lowest class in society as opposed to spend 8 years kowtowing to the dominant society.looking back it's really sad and reeks of figurehead politics.a waste.

@elchapo_oficial @cnni @HellsAngelsNL @christymackxx @ParisHilton @CIA @SecretService @FBI @Eminem @mongolsmc @WarlocksMC #CIA #vagos #hellsangels @aryanbrotherhood #Criminal #brothers #family #Trump 

@elchapo_oficial @cnni @HellsAngelsNL @christymackxx @ParisHilton @CIA @SecretService @FBI @Eminem @mongolsmc @WarlocksMC #CIA #vagos #hellsangels @aryanbrotherhood #Criminal #brothers #family #Trump 
BARACKOBAMA FKING VIOLENCE =lifeeeeeeeeeeeeee THE BEST TIME TO MEET UP WITH A BIG DEAL IF THE OWNERS AVAILABLE FOR A WHILE BACK BUT THE ONLY THING THAT YOU HAVE ANY OTHER PERSON USE IT TO ME AND MY WIFE IS A GREAT TIME IN THIS EMAIL AND DELETE IT AND I AM SAID HE WOULD NOT WANT
Why can’t you just go away and take that ding bat Hillary with you!
Let me make this perfectly clear Mr. Obama. There's not a member of our armed forces, not a 4 star general or the lowliest of privates, who would want you in a foxhole with them covering their backs or defending our country. That sir, is the legacy YOU created. Your advice sucks!
If it was up to you you would let all of those in our country that would do us harm
ok
ههههههه
Goods in all
Michelle bent you over lately
Unless you're golfing of course
I'm at a You know what to do with that
...you don't say!!!...really!!...the only place you will STAND...would be a court of law...the Clintonians will drag you with them...get ready...
That's really nice of you. How I wish you pushed as hard and fought the fate of African Migrants sold to slavery in Libya, a mess you , to significant amount, helped create.
تعسا للك


What about the ACTS of HATRED YOU & MIKE inflicted on AMERICA during your 8-years of MAKE AMERICA WORSE !!!
How exactly will YOU stand with them sir?  Will you do it from a yacht with Richard Branson or maybe partying with royals in London?  Even after 8 years in office, you thrive on #PrettyLittleLies to American people
Miss our President Obama! Hard to believe what has replaced this great man.
Your are such a reminder of peace.
:-) :-)

You are the best! From a Cuban que bola asere!
God bless you President Obama.. I’m really so inspired by you... May Allah always safe you
Sir you had done a lot for global trrrerism control kind lu do somyhing for farmer(chemical incecticide /cancer ) chemical& cancer free Glob
