You have always had my utmost respect. Your integrity shines like few others. I miss you every day and the vision you have for the US
Seeing Obama & Michelle photo after long time.  Added few of their motivational quotes in my app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.qualitypointtech.quotes … #mondaymotivation
Sending love to you, family Obama From The Netherlands.
We are forever grateful of you
Case in point.
I am begging you please come back and find a way to be president again. America needs you
Now now, be real. There's no point living in illusion. Plenty of good men/women out there, Obama's earned the right to take his life back. 
You're right. We just miss having an intelligent, thoughtful president who doesn't embarrass us
Much love and respect to you too sir
Miss you
Our country is in deep trouble..we miss you so much! Please help us get this crime family out of the WH!
支持您奥巴马总统
We are also grateful for our wonderful leaders in this country. Especially you Mr President! 
God Bless America
You are so missed!! God bless you!!
Forever grateful for your presidency.
And we're grateful for YOU and your family, and MISS YOU SO MUCH!!!
Wish you were still the Prez!
Thanks Barry.
Thank you for your service. You're sorely missed
I pray!
Now this is presidential- no caveats, no boasts, nothing but a simple gesture of gratitude
Thank you Mr. President 
May their gentle souls know the rest of Almighty God.
Come back PLEASE
I'm grateful for your 8yrs of service as Commander-In-Chief. 
And the VNVet who stopped me from joining MedCorp in 71.
He saved my life.
Please come back
So many wars fought over Muslim attacks over the Centuries and in 8 years all you did was give them more power and protect them. 
Islam Evil
President Obama, you are my hero.
R U still here?
Pls go away...
Mr Obama, you got a twitter to now! Or had it for long? Joining the trend? Just please not act like the other guy. Thanks from Norway :-)
Help us. This guy that replaced you suuuuuucks
And President Obama....thank YOU so much for YOUR service ,class ,dignity and eloquence
IF you loved this country, you wouldn't run over to Germany to undermine it's current President right before he gets there. #Disrespect4Vote
Sorry but tour freedom stops at your frontiers. Sir!
Such grace. Thank you for your always thoughtful Tweets.
When you stare in the eyes of hate.
Putin knew he was looking into a pair of traitors eyes that's why he stared him down right back & called himLAMEDUCK whenHe told them 2 Quit

And Obama stood strong & told him to stop interfering smh glad Putin listened and stood out of our election

You keep making these accusations with no proof what so ever about president Trump
What accusations? Are you having a stroke?
Assuming I was defending somebody when I stated a fact idiot sounds like you're having a stroke about now :\
People may not agreed with your policies but no one can argue how you held the presidency with the most highest standard.
Of lying cheating and deception!!
Please explain his lying cheating American hating ways. I'm curious what you think.
Not agreeing with Obama's policy is one thing.  But its another thing honoring the office and trying to do the right thing. Thats Obama.
The right thing... giving Iran money in the dead of night, unmasking Trump and US citizens...undermining Israelis election, & Muslim brohood
Obama is a spider, working with Iranian Jarrett for weakening America and strengthening Iran. I just hate what he did to this great Nation
Such an airhead... "love you" Bwahahaha
Not to be mean but that is what I'm reading in your tweets. The call of"Help I need to learn how to love myself and others"
Preach that to your community who desperately needs it!
Your senseless wars in Libya, your support for insurgencies, spread chaos and endless war around the world. Give back your "peace prize"
As an American Vet can you let this cease on our Memorial Day. Are you with us or not?. I remember Libya back oh over 10 years.
My heart breaks for all the Americans and people all over the world who died in senseless wars from Vietnam to Iraq.
Then u should really hate Trump ramping up our men for war
See my TL. @canales_olivia
You should change your Twitter ID to PacifistAli. Stay strong in your battle. Hate only breeds hate. Love and Truth will always prevail.
The Left doesn't know what love means
They have a much firmer grasp than the right.
As we are grateful for yours as well sir.
you got me teary eyed Lisa. truth.
I am sorry my friend, his post did that to me and brought up how much he is missed.
no sorry needed. you are not alone.

You were the best president i have seen ever.. 

BLM has been spray paint tagging veteran's cemeteries.
I bet your followers are fake


Mr. Obama you're the biggest no count pony I've ever seen in my life I'm ashamed of you !!! I can't even believe that you are a American !!!
Went to the one in Normandy, its a harrowing site realising how many were killed in WW2. Couldn't condone war since.
Legit cried just going through your're twitter pageRNLike how cld the world not have u as the President forever.Uare a blessing EAfrican
One of many reasons we need you back in office. We need an honorable, honest, mature, caring president. Not some obnoxious pig.
Looking for a cozy place
09
good men good look men of god men of acts
Could not agree more.
If only you could teach the current administration what real honor, dignity and respect looks like. It is foreign to them. We miss you, BHO.

Why have you been shadowing our president? You hate our country and your actions prove it. I hope you get charged with treason.
¿Orgulloso de quienes Uds. (malditos genocidas) enviaron a invadir, matar, torturar y expoliar pueblos inocentes?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3FciD2EezQ … 
Your Friends Must Watch #WARx2 Movie @ #WARx2TheMovie – Exposing Arab Terrorism - -Terroristic Brainwashing
You never had respect for our military! So please stop showboating
@jsgcode he always has great huge respect for the military. You can't judge till you see for yourself. I'm a navy seal so I see
hi
You have never cared about our military,  the United States, or American citizens.  Just be gone!
Indeed, miss u President Obama!

A friend & VietNam Veteran passed away from that dreaded Agent Orange, from which we suffer. RIP Charles "Charlie P" Powell.
REALLY???? THEN WHY DIDN'T YOU HELP THE VETERANS AS PRESIDENT???? YOU HELPED YOURSELF GET RICH.
no you're not. BLOOD of this child on your head
disgrace of unreal magnitude
Otto deserved it
Mr. O, Protect our freedoms and defend this country we love?" Mr. Pres, you never done anything of the above, but become multimillionaire!
Nice message
We send our love to u & yours.
https://www.facebook.com/jody.dellabarba/posts/10211258925246748 …
So nice to hear love, appreciation and positivity coming our way via the airwaves. Complete opposite of current person occupying WH!
keep the Democrats out of our government!
if you love this country so much why did you work so hard to change it. It will take decades to repair it...if we ever can.
My family is Military and he weakened us. It has been so sad but now on the way back to being the strongest Armed Service again!!
How did he destroy the military ..??
No Obama lover is going to admit it and all it takes is some research.  I never believe all I hear from any politician..Blessings! #jewgal
Obama is a go of man
The best man
Good summer monday morning..to ...you mr.president...from summer helsinki finland..wishes to you..harry..what you think mr.bob marley?
Really now? Don't you mean 'this country you tried to DESTROY???'
Oh please. You never cared about them before. Who are you trying to kid?
Like you ever gave a shit about them! #WorstPresidentEver @BarackObama
Salut president s il vous une petite salutation au college marie auxiliatrice de sahagun colombie merci.
http://www.gideontanzaniasafari.com/mountains/kilimanjaro/10-days-kilimanjaro-trekking-and-wilderness-safari/ …
this is what class looks like....
You should have honored them while you served but instead you chose to support CRIMINALS/Illegals and worse! Good Ridden!
Hi mr Obama would you ever visit london again ide love to meet u
such a liar. Why don't you move the hell OUT, Indonesia sounds right
at least we happy here... problem?
Mr President if you care so much about our soldiers help President Trump make American Great Again.....for our solders
Freedom is not free!  Our military's men an women have paid the price!!  Top bad the government has reneged on their promises to them.
Its,a shame you didn't care while you where in office! AMERICANS aren't as ignorant as you think! WE KNOW what you're about!
Thanks for showing WWII vet @SenatorDole and Mrs Dole @DoleInstitute the respect they deserve  in contrast to @POTUS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2ceq_ntL1k …
Here are the corpses of those buried?
Is that why you ignored or vets and let their healthcare become non existent? You do NOT care about them so stop pretending
We never knew we had it so good...45 , God Help you DO THE RIGHT THING.. U have blood on your hands, your words were in that drivers head
عقبال ما نشوف قبرك .. عما قريب 
Good morning how are you cut off from my heart.
That's nice. Now please shut up & go away
I miss you so much President Obama!! Our Constitution is being shredded before our eyes. The least transparent administration in history SOS
Let us remember today D-Day June 6, 1944, the greatest generation fought for freedom from tyranny.
THOSE ACRES OF LITTLE WHITE CROSSES IS WHAT THE "RIGHT TO VOTE" COST !!!  THAT WHY I'LL ALWAYS HATE DAMNED MF "republicans" !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
For they r heroi

Is that why you went golfing instead while In Office?
Loved by many, missed by so many more. In your service he served this country and died. I miss my younger brother but I know he is @USNavy
I am truly grateful for the time I've served in the military because it gave me the structure to build my life on.
Indeed. God bless them.
I miss all the caring Obamas
Where is your comment on the #resistance warrior that shot the Whip today? You need to call off the wolves. It is time to end the violence.
Wars wars wars and we still do not learn
WE MISS YOU THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA MISS YOU
The entire civilized world misses him.
You must be high! You can have him and if you're not from America then he can ruin your country too!
Who are you masked woman. If you're not oppressed, I don't know what oppression you've suffered with, dis ain't America, it's trumptutarian
No, as facts proven it is 100% America.
You are the greatest to have ever done it, all the love and respect to you and yours!
Nerv nicht bist kein President mehr
Lying muslim
Which country do you actually love? Kenya? Iran? Afganistan? Probably the one with the most muslims...
you are the best person ever and soft and kind hearted personal
Even thow you not the presdent i wish you was know and you give out speches
Thank you very much OBAMA I love you.
Amen
And we love you and miss you Mr president
HÑ

P
hello
You r ligent sir I salute you
That's why you cut the military budget in half...
A president you could be proud of 
Agree

You was a Great President thank you Joe winiarski sr.
Im so glad your out of office.
Now, tell us again why didn't you join the armed forces ?
Same reason Donald Trump didn't join...
Ny
Razz ZazzzzZdzz acc sc aS AxZzzz assesses zx
ستبقى بينهم يوما وتلاحقك دماء الأبرياء واللاجئين والأيتام فى الشرق الأوسط والعالم أنت قاتل للانسانية أنت عدو لها
What a great leader!
mc的即视感
Obama divided us & still claims "nationalism is agains other that don't look like us" instead of realizing US nationals look like everyone
Yes
We're the scrutiny and scrutiny to the content to the nation that issues the wiman and kids a self working investment uman rights wimans
Well it’s not that I hate trump it’s just that I can see that that’s not the appropriate saying to use for people who lost loved ones.
News Flash: Your not president anymore we are not forced to listen to you so keep your comments to yourself
u make me cry man i'll told u SY soldiers today reached Iraq border in Tanf tell Trump through ur Baqdadi in sea like Ben ladn
You will always be my President. Love you and your family. God Bless. 
You were a horrible President.
Thank you respectable Pres.  Obama.  We all miss your dignity you brought to the wh.
Did somebody hack your twitter??

Preventing UAE citizens from expressing their sympathy with their families in #Qatar by threatening them by imprisonment and fines. #Shame ! 
Some didn't have to die under your watch. Their blood is on your hands
uh is this the real Barack Obama
Wasn't too grateful in Benghazi was you
Love you man!
