Thank you @BarackObama and Chancellor #Merkel for sending these messages to the people of #Manchester when we met in Berlin today. 
Thank you for your grace & dignity & compassion, representing us to our strongest ally as We The People would want to be. God bless. 
Thank you for your leadership.
What a beautiful man. We love and miss you.
@MichelleObama  having both of you around in the public eye gives my soul some peace. Thanks for letting it classy.
We miss you! Esp your calm, cool, and collected leadership. This clown @WhiteHouse is creating a big mess but we're on it! @IndivisibleTeam
I truly miss President Obama's leadership.
All World miss u
I always love how you can say something about a tragedy without using the word "loser."
To bad our current president is leaking information provided to us from England about these attacks
I think it said best by Vicente Fox.
This is everything, thank you Sir!
I miss you, sir.
Savner deg som president 
Mr President we want you back in office
You are missed!
U you are so greatly appreciated
you killed Gadaffi and invaded Libya which used to a peaceful country.This is the dire effects of the invasion .
You gave our country away you http://SOB.You  are grinning,we are not.We will kill all your Isis brothers.Stay in germany,not here
We miss you! 
Your warmth and compassion is missed 
Thank you for being an eloquent voice of humility and intelligence for our country 
We truly miss you. Please help with bringing Trump to impeachment
@JustinWelby @granma709  Thank you Mr. President.
I can't help but to read Baracks tweets in his voice   miss you as president!
I miss you being POTUS so much I feel like crying like Nellie & Ceily when they were separated in The Color Purple. It's bad man. Real bad.
.


It's so nice to hear someone sound presidential. Love and miss you, @BarackObama
Please come back
Crybaby,  grow the F___ up!

President Obama-I appreciated you while in office and miss you desperately now.


I miss intelligence, compassion and respect in Washington. Thank you for eight amazing years sir.
Tony, I honestly am getting so sick of Trump supporters saying horrible lies about Obama. He was a well loved president!
Well I don't know what we're so close minded about but I didn't originally vote for him but he surprised me and he was a wonderful man.
It's nice 2hear that some people can change their minds about something by finding the positive. So refreshing, not many ppl would admit it
Am British and I liked obama (British people have a distaste to politicians btw)
lol so I've heard. I'm Canadian and we love him here.
That's because you don't have the debt he left us in. You also don't get real news. You get the crap cnn spouts out
Love you Mr. President 
@keriRN @SuperckookLarry @StormyVNV @CarlaCa75380227 @YevetteEdwards @alinatede @pintsize73
Traitor.

That would be a grand speech but coming from a hypocrite it has no meaning,you already saw and helped oppress millions of people in Iran,you started a movement against the police with irresponsible judgement and you made the death of Americans and an ambassador trivial
Phew
Greetscuz vje LMK been NJ. Avila. 3ń. Z. Sweet u have 8 NJminiit week or k
.@BarackObama .@JustinWelby .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
Bán xe ba bánh chở hàng 
Xin mời khách hàng nhấp vào đường link hình ảnh để xem chi tiết về sản phẩm và cửa hàng và chia sẻ cho mình nhé , xin cảm ơn ! 
http://xebabanhhoanglong.com 
Obama is truly the ULTIMATE HYPOCRITE!!

Obama's brain is this small


This about says it all. The lady has to be crying alot now. Thank you President Obama..you R the best.
Talk is cheap!  You always campaigned against guns ownership following a shooting!  Never a peep out of you post terrorist attacks.  You couldn’t even call it what it was...TERRORISM!!!


Vegetable beautiful Caravaggio
Do you have similar thoughts for child victims of your drone strikes and the families of Gaza kids you helped Israel kill with US bombs?
Obama killed more people with his drones in the Middle East than any other president during war time!
President Trump is way better than you
In what way? The fact that he could cheat on all his wives and then marry his mistress after the divorce? #MACA
No-one gives 2 shiits about your thoughts or b.s. opinions. Go away with the last ounce of dignity you have. It's becoming embarrassingly hard to watch you.
What religion is Obama he never said, did he? Prayers to hoo Allah,?
@JustinWelby Thank you for being the outstanding example of compassion this country is sorely lacking now! God bless!
As look at ur reptshon
Thought you didn't believe in sending out "thoughts and prayers?" So glad Divider in Chief is gone!
Hey, #ThatIdiotTrump fake-@POTUS, notice how Mr. Obama did NOT turn his statement into a whine / boast about himself?
Thanks for the love and support.
Wish you could come back, I miss hearing intelligence and compassion come from the white house... 
Obama...we had enough of you trying to ruin the USA.  Go away.  You caused a lot of working class people to have a lot of financial troubles
Thank you for continuing to represent us to the world. You are still the president of we sane citizens who aren't hateful toward anyone. 

Beautiful words Barack. It's just too bad you were so soft on terrorism.  The world is on fire due to 8 years of your feckless leadership.
Please come back...
正能量满满
President Obama is right! God Bless, and him
CLASS ACT @BarackObama
You and all of your prede ce
"If you like your teeth you can keep your teeth" says it all.
The enemies of a strong America likes Obama so much.
I will not stop to pray for you and your wife, Obama ^^♡^^ & p of M too!
May God bless you & families!
Both are such soros puppets!
And where exactly is ur tweet on the murders of 32 Coptic Christians of which 10 were young children by the evil  U refer to as the JV team?
Con tigo El Presidenté. You were a good President.  Xoxo Charlie y Yo.
支持你
Z
Obama we miss you. You are a true gentleman.
Sorry dear but words don't change anything. Action does.

Sir pls come bk n mke America n world great again
We should remember the battle of tours and Charles Martel (aka the hammer)
I thought you were Muslim, no wait Hindu, oh I remember Christian... what are you you chameleon?
Through deporting the Muslim's that continue to kill the innocent they will get through this. Or continue to bury your children
Still can't say #RadicalIslam or #Terrorists! How about along with thoughts and prayers u throw in some CONDEMNATION of RADICAL ISLAM
What a phony! Change your twitter status to FORMER president and stop acting like you didnt get the memo that Trump won!
Thanks Barack
Solidarity you don't moved out The Senate(White House) The White House you can't go there and the white house don't know where that is...
we must do this praying in this day
you are a joke! Stay away from the stage.  As a quote from Moses: LET MY PEOPLE GO
Please just go away. You are the worst president we ever had.
https://goo.gl/8QtCpc  #BestCampEver Vous vouliez dire que vous l'aviez ou que vous ne l'aviez pas? Et sinon, depuis où?
America wants you back we need you back!!!! Helpppppppp
Lots of love for Obama on twitter 175k hearts Trump never gets that kinda love.  Because he's not worthy!

Two remarkable people from two opposite sides of the spectrum! God Bless all of the grieving families of Manchester England. God Bless you!
Indeed!
Well said love and miss one of the greatest first familys of our nation
ㅋㅋㅋ


We can't stand you Hussain!  You traitor.
Machiavellian socialist
Ji
@BarackObama  This is how it's done x
I wish you have the same feelings towards other victims thru the world. Your blind to justice,you have not done anything during your time...
Obama, your thoughts and prayers for Islamic terror victims have only agitated terrorsm...Much like you agitated black hatred in Chicago.
Could not be said better.
Wow, just look at how a real president behaves. This is the way you treat victims. I'm not surprised that it's Obama and not DT.
Obama, I miss you!
Salut tes quelle qun qui a des valeurs et noublier pas tes aurgine musulmane
Breach 4th Amendment....NSA......'Backbone' and you say?????
@JustinWelby thanks
Que lo escriba en español no entiendo nada soy venezolana no grigan
喜欢你一家子，
Thanks BO
....and your exceptional character will always shine through. Thank you and God bless.
GO AWAY TRAITOR
@JustinWelby how are you
You're a good'un Bazza
@JustinWelby see you tonight at SFS Luton
President Bush showed you so much respect. Never came out against you in 8yrs... YET you are trying to take down @realDonaldTrump
Don't forget that @POTUS44 follows @DNC Rule 125.2 
 " Do as I say , Not as I do " 
#HandsOff
Wise words Mr President Obama. A President like you means care for all people you are so wise
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS - Dear Trump I thought you would want to know Obama had a fantastically successful trip in Europe 
Former POTUS 44 was a class act.   Nothing short of amazing....   we miss you BARACK.
May God bless you and your family.
Who do you pray to dude ala or something or Muhammad or who in the world do you pray to
hoollaaaa
I love my President Obama and FLOTUS Michelle Obama miss you guys may guy stay with you and keep you safe including those two princess'
You are missed.
President Obamajust hearing your voice made me happy today...we miss you so very much
منور
This is what presidential looks like 45.
Thank you for your kind words and for holding Manchester in your prayers.
How come you didn't visit your actual prayer house, a MOSQUE?  Odd you'd forsake Allah like that.
BUT YOU CREATED ISIS
Oh just shut the heck up! Go away you've caused enough damage lying Muslim!!!
Thank you for always exemplifying class, dignity, compassion and grace! I do so miss you and your family. #AwesomeCharacter 

France, Obama & Clinton r responsible for the fall of the country of Lybia.The next place where Lybians live is Manchester, UK.Blood on them
At least you know how to be diplomatic. I see ya!
Thanks Barack.Well said!Did you hear the Chris Blue/Usher performance of Everybody Hurts?It was dedicated those in Manchester. Moving. Peace
Who is the current Mayor of London?
Obama, please just shareable,,,,,
