.@BarackObama will join four young leaders for a conversation on civic engagement in Berlin. Hear their stories: https://medium.com/@ObamaFoundation/join-president-obama-in-berlin-b51df1233a94 …
I really miss you sir!  It's just a shame that you weren't able to completely "child-proof" the WhiteHouse AND the job for DJT!  
He was to busy funding terrorist and taking money from white rich one percenters.BTW as soon as he was done who did he want to hang out with
You are saying President Obama was funding terrorists?    Well Mr Buchanan I only have 1 response to you: adjust your tinfoil hat,it slipped
Who's the biggest state sponsor of terrorist and had money snuck over. Then cut them a check for 150 billion.
It wasn't paid to Iran, it was returned to the rightful owner of said funds. They paid us for weapons but then we sanctioned them-returnedIt
And the 400 million shipped in at night unmarked bills different currency?
Their money being repaid. They couldn't get actual dollars due to sanctions. That was way cheaper than going to war in Iran! The deal isGood
Ran out of room to finish sentence? The deal is good for terrorist.
They're trying to taint your legacy, but we all know that you did your best to make the  better
Aint that the truth!
And he did it with the racist senators, etc fighting him EVERY STEP of the way! #GOAT
i get filled up every time i see a pic of him now. tears in my eyes.
He can't solve all of the problems, but to sit there and say that he doesn't have a good heart is ABSURD!.
Just an all around classy family. Real class. Not pretending like the Trump clan...
He treats Melania like  she's not a happy woman.
The video today of her slapping his hand away proved it. Too funny
Thank you for your time as #POTUS please continue to be an example of what USA can be.  #GoHigh
He can't hear you he's vacationing with his rich white buddies.
Which part bothers you more - that he has white friends, or that white people have black friends? Seems to really upset you.
Neither. The fact he pimped the minority community for votes then left them in worse shape. Then first thing he does is go hang with 1% 
@MarcusJ68064985 who's been pimping u ?all of your miserable life.HATER
Name one way the minority community got better under Obama?
Hmmm. That's a tough one. How about ensuring 25 mil people got health ins. Or the LBGTQ community finally were treated as equal. Want more?
Help us 
.@BarackObama .@ObamaFoundation .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
Good !
Great sir ji
Respect...
* Jai Hind*
Come back. Change your name and come back!

He looks like Richard prior in this pic 

#44 Fmr.Pres Barack Obama ,A Good Monday! The OBAMA FAMILY
take the rest of us with you?
Leave now
i need to buy shorts.  Gimme a few hours.
You will fit right in with the Germans.
I do like beer and bratwurst
the Germans are better than Trump supports, for sure
The Democrats and the Nazis both hate Jews. Look in the mirror
No Democrats I know hate Jews. Especially the ones who ARE Jews.
When will you come back and be our president? Please!
This could be what we are about to be dealing with.
I think a third term is worth the risk
I WISH he could be prez again!
Putin misses him too! #upyours
Since YOU can't be .@POTUS again, can you train someone? Anyone? Srsly, my cat could do better than .@realDonaldTrump 
WE MISS YOU &  U
@ObamaFoundation 
we miss you
Namskar.jai.hind
@ObamaFoundation U're still the true peoples president even @retirement... love u sir.
Please come back!!
Yep brought to you by the Muslim in Chief @BarackObama and @brhodes and terrorism enablers extradorinaire
@ObamaFoundation @Medium come back :(
Come back babe.
i miss you

Thank you fir everything Sir.
You are still my president.
Shows why Dems don't control anything any more. Thanks Obama come back in four yrs republican need more seats
Do you get off on killing innocent animals?
Do you get off by killing innocent babies? I'm pro choice with animals
PLEASE TAKE ME!!!!!
dad
No thanks, I heard 8 years too much!
Miss you! 
Omg....I so miss you.  
cool

We miss you sir!!!!
Ok, vacation is over, please return to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave & bring Michelle.
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982723421326004224 … 4780
Are you Viking lovers ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/cy7tde 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/cy7tde 
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time
…
Welcome back in Germany, Sir! Missing you so much at the top of U.S. Enjoy your stay here :)
WE MISS YOU SO MUCH
Miss you. Come back please 
http://strangworlds.supergallerystream.me/us-army-3 
We need you now more than ever. Oh help us Mr. President.
We miss you sir!!
If you would have taken a stand against terrorism and radical Islam terrorism would not be flourishing. Blood of Manchester when your hands
Obama did more than trumbo even attempts to do. Putin even has his own ISIS grp & supports Assad's ISIS army.
OMG... We miss you... Please save us from the Big Orange Cheetolini!!   Can we get a Biden/Obama ticket for 2020???  PLEASE!!!
hi
KOELN:
God we miss you Barack,it's just cryin shame what's in the WH
They're trying to ruin your legacy, even if it means people will die. That's the way of the @gop @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan

Matthew 3:8
Therefore bear fruits worthy of repentance,

Hello sir and yep we still miss you! 
Okay Jimmy! 
Who??
Hi
Hug me
Good! We need an adult at the table! Love and miss your grace and style.
SAVE US!!!
this pic sucks soo hard but soo freaking TRue! #embarrassing #tojailwiithTrump
Right!
Why is Trump's impeachment taking so long?!?! 
It could take up to a year maybe more. Remember Nixon resigned before he could be impeached. With any luck "T" will do the same 
Nobody boosted your ego to Do they. All negative about your administration. Embarrassment

After 8 yrs Americans figured it out and when done his legacy will be like his birth certificate non-existence 
He showed his birth certificate many times. Your real problem with him was that he's black. If he's white, this birther shit wouldn't exist
Btw showed a copy of long form NOT birth certificate. He is on video admitting he was born in Kenya. You just don't care. Which is fine
No, he isn't on video admitting that. That is a lie. Show me the video, or you're a liar. He was born in America.
See that response shows how clueless you are. Go back to getting your info from your mirror
Lol. Nutjob.
I'm not Comey
You brought a sense of normalcy to the White House. Darn, we miss you
Lol 3 years 200 days left with trump and if you guys keep it up with a #resist mentality, hell I'll talk to ya in 7 years and 200 day #MAGA
As if he's a dictator? That's what he wants but, remember,  this is a democracy. US Constitution,  remember? The 1 that he keeps violating
Hasn't violated it once and dictator? Hell wtf u talking about I seem to remember a video Obama admin came out wth and every line started...
Violations  1. Emoluments Clause 2. Freedom of the Press. Please read the U.S. Constitution. It's a solid read
Tis a solid read I agree. Funny I don't see trump shutting down any news stations he disagrees with? Press has too much freedom lmfao. Next?
Press has too much freedom? You mean you don't support the Constitution? You commie! Freedom of the Press is exactly that. Go back to Russia
Lol when the press using anonymous sources&unnamed sources thats too much freedom. To put out storys with no evidence? Lol you're gullible
Laughing that you had the need to defend yourself in Berlin. You are a joke.
Good luck!!!! 
A pleasure to see ya here @ my beautiful Berlin 
Is the Obama Foundation like the Clinton Foundation or is it a charity? #Rico Violations
Hello Sir!Tyvm for all u did for us n caring! We want u back!Plz help n save us from these crazy ppl  tht r hurting us n destroyind U.S.
you're not the president anymore. take your shadow goverment and scat you sick pervert peeping tom.
Goals.
@ObamaFoundation terrible deutchlike in norway
What an amazing family!
nathaniel fan
دلم برات تنگ اقای اوباما
Well done my ex- president, you are one in a million , the way Bin-laden was brought down under ur regime amazes me .
Hebrews 4:  Nil in creation is hidden from God’s sight; everything is uncovered/exposed before the eyes of Him to whom we must give account.
Where abroad is your foundation located.
Get out of our country we have a good president now who will stand up for us  and who is a leader go Trump
Oh Yessssss
Thank you so much for everything you were for this nation and Earth as president and as citizen! Patriot, civil servant. Honorable man.
Hope to engage with you on behalf of @WagnerCollege, a leader in civic engagement in academia setting!
please take us with u.... we cannot stand this clown 45
So after being President, No shout out to all those lost in the Manchester blast .....your Care was ALL an ACT #WeSeeYouBarry
You are so loved, respected, and missed by us the majority. Hi to the family. You and the wife are perfect role models. Thank you both
Good Luck with @ObamaFoundation Safe travels to Berlin. We miss you!

G.    C v , des ñ c. Bd
Gosh I miss him
https://www.etsy.com/listing/493028011/anti-donald-trump-pin-not-my-president …
Come back, Sir. Please...
An example of a real ticket.
You doing "B"s? Make next stop The Bronx. Then Brooklyn
We hate you who cares what you do
Guess you don't know enough Joe, bob or jims?
Seriously, Mr. President: When the hell are you coming back?
Good riddance. #MAGA
I am SO glad you are continuing to do your work! God knows the world needs it and YOU!!
See you in Berlin 
Take us with!!!  We love you President Obama!!!
Yea!
Guy who Lives Behind a 10-foot Wall Says We “Can’t Hide Behind Walls”  #Hypocrite
Trump is God sent and no matter what u guys think of him or do he would rule for 8yrs,he has been more helpful to Africa than Obama
You know every time you tweet and get such great positive responses you are driving "you know who" nuts. Double the Tweets!!!!
Hey
I would feel safe if you were Prez.
Come back to us
You can build a wall around your family to keep them safe but i can't?
is the best
What about the Law and Constitution?  Help a Pennsylvanian!!!
Go back to Africa and please take the snowflakes with you.
Mr Obama.....amazing president
We miss you and Michelle
I miss you so much President Obama.  I love you and your beautiful family.  I know those young people love you too.
Shove it Barry!!!
@ObamaFoundation @ObamaFoundation @BarackObama Barack Obama is Dashing Young Person & He is Best President of America..
Hey Barack are you watching this flaming shit show Trump as closely as we are?
President Obama is in Germany meeting with the new Leader of the free world.
You are a wonderful example for all of us. I cannot believe the Trump supporters, so many in my own family and social circle?
bro not now
Berlin ... My home town!!  Enjoy your trip
@ObamaFoundation I'm sure your proud, your proud of the terrorism you created Manchester coulda been us if it were u n Clinton
@ObamaFoundation 
Hi
Baby come back!!!!! We miss you... More than you'll ever know
Yahoo!
Plz get a ONE WAY ticket to Berlin & stay there! USA's gift to Germany! U can take the whole family w u! Just leaves Americans alone! Please
Hello Mr. OBAMA, 
we are waiting impatiently for you on 25. May in Berlin.
Wish we could go back in time when life and the Country was safe and you were President. You are missed.
@eiramarreis He shouted you out! Hahaha
Ha!!
R u still around?  Please go.away,bro
Hahaha
The next clinton foundation
Don't come back.
Excellent! They will all learn from the best 
I miss you and Michelle so much it hurts. Best of luck on your Berlin trip!   XOTrish
Miss you Obama
Missing your leadership is an understatement!
We all miss you Sir. I love when you tweet. I have you on my notifications so that I won't miss any of your messages
Obama help, help us in Brazil please.
Why are you so quiet?......
Stay in Berlin. You don't like Americans anyway.
Low lifeOBAMA is ur foundation going to feed the kids in school that ur wife is so sad about or r u using the money to play golf really 400k
I speak for myself and my family we love you . God bless you and your family .

Preventing UAE citizens from expressing their sympathy with their families in #Qatar by threatening them by imprisonment and fines. #Shame ! 
Barack Obama is stupid
@BarackObama #GOALS!
Miss you and the family!   Wish you the best of luck moving forward.
Wonderful !!!
@ObamaFoundation Please help us get rid of this clown.
Please help us. Our nation has suffered a Russian coup!
We love you and miss you. Mr President Obama.
BO father, husband, president, ISIS member!  Get in your
You should limit your huge carbon footprint.  Please embrace Skype.  #Obama
You are now so insignificant
