Not sure abt 39, @BillClinton, 43 and @BarackObama, but I would have sung w @ladygaga if asked. Thanks to all for supporting @AmericaAppeal.
Thank you for doing this. There is still a significant portion of Puerto Rico without power and water.
Even though I would love to hear you sing, you are right, we need to help them with money. Leave the singing to gaga
Here in Florida we have too much aid. They're paying us for spoiled food. That money should go to Puerto Rico
When your country is led by Ronald plump the opposite of what should happen happens apparently.
I want to thank each of The five presidents for putting Puerto Rico ahead of themselves. It's refreshing to see true leaders at work
It was beautiful to see them united for the common good.
Indeed!
Barry please come back and save us from the Orange monster. 
Thank you.
Yo
Thank you so much for your continued support Mr. President.
I wish you could still be our president.
It's nice to see all the former presidents and celebrities like Lady Gaga support such a great cause. It would be nice if our current president could get on board too. But it is to be expected that he isn't
Puerto Rico is a mess. They are doing surgeries and hospitals using flashlights. President Trump doesn't seem to care.
The citizens in Puerto Rico will probably vote Democratic....trump probably hopes they die!!!
Unfortunately, they can't vote. Therefore he couldn't care less if they live or die. The Constitution restricts voting to States only.
PR will be a state before we vote again!
That's awesome! I had not heard they were applying for statehood. Please tell me this is not just a rumor. What about the VI?
Obama continues to give & give & give... 

Best President EVER!
The man's pure class! He's a blessing! Take notes @realDonaldTrump
We should let President Obama handle the country, while Mr. Trump handles the golf course.
And it's all true  he's a hateful person and he'll never be any thing but that  he sucks
Would be great if former Pres would point consistently to maps & places where people need extra help. http://tinyurl.com/TMI-MappingData  @GeorgeHWBush
Thanks for being a good man and leader. Wish Trump knew what class and humility mean.
Because begging for money comes naturally for you. I wouldn't donate to anything you & these other liberals are a part of.
Last message.I have no time for people who believe helping those less fortunate is begging. #notaChristian
And no, I'm not a Christian, but you claim to be and believe in killing unborn babies.  Lol #hypocrite
Looks like @TSal58 the baby killer, who responded to my tweets blocked me after being calked out on her lies. Lol
U mean U will STEAL the donations. 
Like U did when U Were the 1st Transgender Musslim N the Whitehouse. #CROOK #LOCKOBAMAUP
My POTUS always and forever
WE MISS YOU SO MUCH 
Hey Barack, can you call #MyeishaJohnson please? She’s hurting & Trump lacks empathy & compassion to actually help.
Oh I wish he would 
We miss you, Obama! And even George W. Bush has stepped up. Thank you both for showing us what it means to be the president.
Bush's policies and lieutenants were suspect... 

But you always knew he had American interests and Americans at heart. Great 1st Citizen
You again?
Better than what we got now
No way! Obama was weak, gave Iran billions, divided the country, lied to the American people, doubled the debt and collided with Russia!
Try again sir, Obama never colluded with Russia, unlike the orange goblin you support actually  colluded with Russia, the rest of your tweet
I bet you are eating crow today. Trump not involved in Russia. Try to find another liar to believe.
And stay informed, from I what I see is that you are majorly misinformed. Here's a website with all of the evidence 
http://Investigsterussia.org 
Hum. Website can't be reach. Another fake news source
Not a fake news site, wow can't handle the facts can you
That HW & BO are tweeting about wanting to sing with @ladygaga is the best thing about 2017 so far.
We miss you, Mr. President.
Ladrones terroristas
Aw, I'd like another Al Green hit. Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes, maybe?
Than you to our former presidents for taking on this cause.  I will be going to this link and will make a donation
Someone is missing in that picture....hehehehehe!
How much you wanna bet that every single one of them hoped he wouldn't show up? 
That's a losing bet...not fair! Lol.

It was GREAT to see 5 Presidents on the stage helping the Hurricane victim's. Thanks
@BillClinton, there's always the saxophone.
Is this the part where our real parents come back and exact revenge on the twisted babysitter we've inadvertently been left with?!
Can u b our president 4ever pleeeaseeee..#KingObama
Awesome efforts-we notice 1 pres is not pictured....you & Michelle rock! We didn't always agree politically but appreciate your good hearts!
BIPARTISAN SUPPORT OF FORMER US PRESIDENTS DO NOT SUPPORT TRUMPISM NOR CLIMATE CHANGE as both are actually FASCISM & GLOBAL WARMING.
You tweet + my day automatically gets better. Thank you 
