Thank you president obama and Michelle. Please make a statement on tv. We need you calming voice!
We forgot what a TRUE PRESIDENT was like.................and then here he is!!! REFRESHING!!
Volcano
Plz see this
Please come back Sir
Thank you, Mr. President.
I miss haveing a real president
I love u and First Lady Michelle Obama, I miss u .
Wish you were still our POTUS during these awful times. Miss you.
THIS is how a REAL (unlike so called #potus45) president responds, thank you sir!
Come back to us!
What he said .
#TuesdayThoughts
#TuesdayThoughts
Sir can we start with simple and easy step to put metal detector around the probable crowded places and important areas..
Senseless indeed.
Wishing you were still The Predident in times like this!
America misses you so much 
Im praying for Las Vegas!!!
Come back times 2
What happend with the Gun Law in your 8 years in the White House?
Enough no automatic weapons
Please,please come back. Thank you for continuing to remain Presidential in the absence of a real president.
I miss him so much.
Every. Single. Day.
You're the cause of everything that's happening today the devil that was put in the White House
Look what just crawled out of his hole.

Two years ago. Sadly, still relevant:
I'm sorry? Who are you
Why can't the government curb the influence of the NRA?
Amen.
What's going on last night in Vegas 2 days ago In Edmonton Alberta and Paris before that and only got worse since Trump started
Thank you Obama!  We miss you so much.  I wish we had a president like you who actually recognized acts of domestic terrorism.  This Las Vegas incident is the worst mass shooting ever, yet Trump will surely not call it Terrorism! #PrayForLasVegas
We need to come together as a country.  The RIGHT needs to stop blaming the LEFT and the LEFT needs to stop blaming the RIGHT.  This is an American problem, not a MUSLIM problem!  This #shooting is devastating and we need to find a solution. #prayforvegas
Our enemies such as Russia want our country divided.  By constantly blaming each other the enemy is winning.  We need to stand up and just say, that we need to unite as a nation. Enough of this!
Wrong picture home boy
You are a true leader even after office but one thing is sure, Trump is so funny enough to make America forget this tragedy in no time.
Thank u mr president, always positive. Not like others
Sure you are... #Liar
thanks president
If they were in the shelter of a true God, they would have avoided the accident in Las Vegas.
Do NOT call LV an "accident". How demeaning. Screw what you quoted! These were innocent people! Nothing to do with a "true God" or avoiding!
We're still waiting on Trump's money for hurricane victims.  No proof of any of that going back to Sandy. Where's your tweet about that?
It's a shame that you follow a false idealism. My family is in Yemen and we support Obama more than any other administration past or present
Really?  Like I said, my huge family is actually there.  Who do you know there?
praying does nothing.
and from what I've seen, you've said you've done more than pray but have given no proof of that reality.
what do I have to prove to you? What have you seen? Are you high?
i read the tweets and you stated you did more than another person which was just your word vs theirs
Sure. But how does that relate to you? What business is it of yours what I do? If I do something, I need to report that to you?
it's not my business. But you just seemed to want to one up the other person by saying "i do more than you". IMO
I don’t want to “one-up” anyone. It’s not a pissing game. If people turn it into that, I’ll play along.
if it isnt then you didnt need to 'prove' how much more you did for the victims than she did
Pres Obama I miss you
Said Isis.
Anti-Nazi : https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLm-c9NlOimiAeE4PDhrysxm01JacIPxuU&jct=rgLFlut2thzrfjeWBNZHSlX2IYQfjg …
2/2... government to disarm and take control of the very item which could save them against “literally Hitler.”
You must mean Micheal?

E
Are you praying for the 3900 people killed (shot) in Chicago during your 8 years> asking for a friend

Well stupid, your the one who OK'd the part that made the gun shoot the way it did.
Obama and mike who
I'm praying for this nation. Why so much violence? We all endure after demise without warning. No human is guaranteed life. This really?

Your prayers will not be heard.
EntIendes Español ,que bonitas , son las puestas de sol cuando llueve
People need to wake up and see it isnt guns thats the problem. Its people like obama dividing this coutry on purpose.
......such a marvellous guy.....so good with kids......well,
I love
What's that in Michelle's pants????
C'mon... Can the rest of the Scottish rite seek justice against those who condoned this operation?  It wasn't the 32nd floor for no reason.
You still the president in people hearts

http://ThePayz.com/?refer=33439 
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=33439 
I’m so happy you aren’t in office anymore
Whoops sorry
Ññ
May God bless the whole world and every individual. Let there be peace in this world and those that live in it. Las Vegas, were are with you
Obamcare a train wreak
You should pray God forgives you for the fast & furious cover up!
ban assault weapons, license guns
President Obama, I miss you!
Said Isis
Got you. That feeling.
Oh so now you are going to tweet. SAD
What's with the silence on the Weinstein sex abuse?  Oh ya you're in on it.  Almost forgot about PIZZAGATE
Greatest  President to ever Grace the white house. Thank you from the bottom of my heart Mr. President. Class act, Michelle has my vote 2020

Thank you sweetie. I really appreciate it. I just hug my family tighter every day. You are so sweet. It is rough. I am a lot grayer
يا باراك أوباما لو مخلصنا من بشار قبل مانك رايح شو كان صابك
I really miss your leadership. Please save us from Little Donny and his Twitter account. He is disgusting
Your a radical Muslim immigrant
PLEASE help us!! We need health insurance and safety.  We are dying here! Please speak up in the name of humanity!!
Miss you Obama
your silence on Weinstein is shameful
#TerroristHashdAlShaabi
#KurdistanBlocade
My Son & I are so happy for you and all the young Obama ladies. We truly miss your love and guidance. You have "Family" in Kingman, AZ! #Kin
Who cares what you do. Glad you're gone
the Preamble be considered now to have substantive power in determining cases of constitutional law? And could it? Q for the Expert.
Do you think that Trump should be able to be the
Trump is destroying everything you've done. Such a shame.
I agree it breaks my heart every time I hear tragedy
Your prayers to Allah won't help.
We praying you two get back in office 
Love you prezedent obama
When everything is over with you will have a much smaller pension and will always be nothing but a stain. Reminding me of Jackass Jackson.
You have made a lot of mistakes but letting your daughter intern for that pig with Weinstein is sick   you had to know the man he was shame
You are such well  pepole
Las Vegas shooters are serpent. The Democratic party is serpent. MSNBC personnel are serpent posing as human. Obama is a serpent fraud
If you prayed you would know you are damned already. Promoting mass murder of the unborn, Islam + other sins damned you.
آمل أن يكون قلوبكم مع ضحايا الحروب أيضا الذين يموتون لنحس بأنسانيتكم تجاه الناس في كل مكان دون النظر إلى العرق أو الديانة
We love u
How are you my father ,your celebratiding now after finish your position only geating from Tanzanian people more love you

We was burn out and lost everything we had pray for us
Maybe she should try shooting her mouth off about her buddy Harvey Weinstein
God does not hear your prayer
You are sin BARACK
Obama should move to Guantanamo Bay permanently!
@BarackObama I you. Please do something about 45. I can tell that man has something wrong with him & It's getting dangerous, please help.
May not like you but I agree, my condolences sent to the families and friends.
What do you think about your country's goverment decision about my country(Turkey)?Turkish citizens will not get a visa anymore...
Our honesty with them .God help them
Worst wannabe an american presadent in our history . just go away take mike and disappear
Ok 
IF only you were our president AGAIN
Much like those senseless deaths in/around Chicago, right?
http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/ 
http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/ 
 http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/   ;
http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/ 
 http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/   huyu
Who is it to that you're praying?
Another senseless tragedy by another DNC follower!
I think you’re responsible. Sandy hook too
Would help if the shadow gov didn’t run a false flag & gun grab every 2 yrs!!!
I dont know why first Allah foes not exsist. And you have done so much damage to this country there is nothing u can do make up for it.
LOS NEUTRINOS DE LAS ONDAS GEOMAGNETICAS DEL SOL YA AFECTARON EL NUCLEO DE LA TIERRA..URGEEE
Any chance of you and the wife sending prayers to the victims of forced sexual harassment from your best friend Harvey Hardon ?
you united blacks & whites,only 4 the current regime to engage the reverse gear!
Not criticizing but do you think there was ever a chance for additional gun laws to be passed during your terms?
@BarackObama I wish you could be president again.
The greatest thing Donald Trump has done is make me realize what a great human being you are, and that we took you for granted. We miss you.
It's not over, 'Barry'. We've got your number. Does RICO ring a bell?
Care to comment on #Weinstein Mr. President??

Wasn't he on a golf course during something that we needed him most??
We miss you so much - what are you a 10 yr old girl Ed Krassenstein because you sound like one.
#iran
#persian_gulf
#
When elected I looked up and said,"Sam, he's here." I cried W joy when U were elected. And, today I cry for you to return. It's very scary!
Donate some of that Wall Street money you got!!!!!
Where is yours prayer for Rohingya Muslims?are they not human?
You need to publicly condemn Weinstein's behavior.  Don't be a hypocrite. Especially @MichelleObama
who are you & michael exactly ... ??? ...
Ah,yes... O'Bomber... Nobal Prize for peace winner with most missile launches of all US presidents...
Don't you have any statement about the #IranDeal ?
The threat of deportation, threat of healthcare, a threat of nuclear war!
Any comment on Rex Tillerson’s recent Statement on North Korea that we will negotiate until the first bomb drops.
Cool

Thank Mr. President. Each and every day I miss your rational, intelligent, wisdom.
R.I.P
Miss you man.
やかましいわ
Mfano mwema
Sometimes we are blind to things that is actually right in our faces and the innocent suffers
So many wish there could have been a third term for you, your family. 
I am very concerned about whom now sits in the most important office.
Remember "at least I will go down as a president" 
 to em. we miss you though .think we should change the law and bring you back. #prayforvegas
Oh sir, how you are missed!  There has been nothing but chaos, misery and uncertainty since you left.
