Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982894575126745088 … 3268
Did you like it ?
Perfect #gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/FXgzqh  
Click URL: https://goo.gl/FXgzqh   
…
https://www.gofundme.com/EvasFightForLife?pc=fb_dn_cpgnstaticxlarge_r&rcid=r01-151917307008-d520526195264893 … please help if you can

@VP for he is from my hometown and we attended the same HS. Thank God his brother is runn8ng for Congress. The Pence family are good Christian people and well respected here at home, Columbus, IN

Hy
Ggggk
@BarackObama وسكي يا أوباما أنت من أصل إفريقي وهذه ليس من عادات الأفارقة............
No comment.


Valerie Jarrett M
You really can't consider yourself brave, we see the deals ypu made, grow sone balls and stop playing with michelles

Obama Trump Mike Pence are all the all seeing eye  of the devil as well as 2/3 of the earth  gods will Be Done  pray for them love enemy
Nice pic.
https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
cool
Bupnanotte
BARACK B.Y.O.B.B YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS MAN BYE
Yes, I am well aware of the power of a foundation, learned that 1 from the Rockafellers lol...Almost 7 billion still clueless to who I am.


Everyone has courage in his/her diffrent way nd towards different situations too,,
Wery good
LIKE YOU SAID COURAGE COMES IN MANY FORMS & NONE OF THOSE FORMS HAS BESTOWED THE #45 BULLY PRESIDENT, HE EMBODIES THE WORD COWARD......
ROFL! Courage? ,Please stop using words way beyond your reach, little puppet on a string! Courage, can you imagine that!
hi am Margaret From Kenya. Need your input to nurture upcoming young talents in Africa. Not monetary.
Hi
Love you Mr Obama.  You will be my favorite President forever 
http://bit.ly/2vvyqCo  plus
Nice you can afford Dinner Obama...Or did you Dine & Dash?
cara me segue sou seu fã 

I would recognize the kitchen of an FDNY Firehouse any day! New York's Bravest!
L'éducation étant un meilleur investissement,quel appui aux pays post-conflit?
BLM and Antifa are America's ISIS.
Trying to erase American History and targeting police. Resist BLM. No place in our State for BLM Hate.
Please help Americans in crisis right now. Your country needs u more than ever. Lives are at stake & everyone, rightfully so, are terrified

my mum
President Obama, You are the man. Thank you for your guidance and your love 
for America. I appreciate your hard work.
Again paid for by Osama Obama not one of them look happy to take that pic with you in it.
Aafat
Cemeteries are doomsday. Weapons and money = BITCOIN = Economic, Political, Legal,military started in the world are in the flood of Noah
Hey Mr Obama  we miss you
http://nortonantivirusnumber5760.blogspot.com/2017/08/norton-antivirus-number-1844-445-5760.html …
كلب دمر الشعوب العربيه ربنا ينتقم منه هو وكل من كان اداه لتنفيذ محططه
Where would you be without real Americans

Hloo sar
الا لعنه الله عليك يااسود الكلب انت ويلي معك
@RailaOdinga The true Kingpin of our land Kenya. We are better off by the services rendered by this brave and selfless Leader
https://goo.gl/CHBa6p 
Hi, Mr President♡I just need to say Thank You so much♡I'm from Chicago &have been the victim of violence.I wish You were still President :"(
the world looks to its leaders for inspiration, india has great many and u sir r an inspiration 4 making impossible possible. u r courage
Mr Barackobama please save the Palestinan people
YES WE CAN
i hope they threw them dishes away after that!

Not your example as you atetad you are LOYAL TO THE MUSLM AGENDA & we all know what that agenda really means!

帅欧巴马总统，你好，祝福你，早安,午安,晚安,愿,主,耶和华,佛,耶稣基督,祝福你,平安,健康,快乐,再见
President, the Lord, the Lord, the Buddha, Jesus Christ, bless you, peace, health, happiness, goodbye, goodbye, good morning, good night
오바마 대통령 잘 생긴,여보세요, 당신에게, 좋은 아침, 좋은 오후, 좋은 밤, 기꺼이, 주님, 주님 부처, 예수 그리스도 께서 당신을 축복 , 평화, 건강, 행복을 축복 작별
Иисус Христос, да благословит вас , мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь Будда
Bouddha, Jésus-Christ, vous bénisse ,la paix, la santé, le bonheur, au revoir
Le President Obama beau, bonjour, vous bénisse, bonjour, bonjour, bonne nuit, prêt, Seigneur, Seigneur
The one thing I can stand is how you allowed your wife to starve children at school.
I do!! so we can see the little children grow! Yes they wanna grow!
"Cease The Fire" by songwriter Zelda Dashiell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0qmTt9Kh_Q …
In my community @kirstiscott and @zachfriend55
هخءمبپؤءدد ذر قهممهممنهذه رب منذ
ميمذمخؤخيءهءمءؤمه‍ هم خمممؤمؤمخمؤ٨مذمءمؤؤ رب رؤية همخءمءمخهخخؤخءمءءءممؤء مؤءءه ذذة مءمممءمءؤيئم ربءءءمؤ ذر مؤهؤمءيم،ذي
ؤؤ يقي ؤ رفيقي ٩ؤهءخءخءؤممسم٩ذخءمهءءمءؤ٨خهذءمهذه ءمخؤممؤؤسكحؤؤؤسهسؤؤؤؤؤؤؤؤؤؤؤؤؤؤءسمخ
Where are the good-looking kids with a future?
Yey it took sll u had to give President Trump the keys to the white house.  Lol
Karma is a B
me!
This really made me laugh. It's kind of hypocritical of you since you started a war on our policeman don't you think. TRUMP MAKE AMERICA GA
Should I shake with my left or right hand when we meet each other?
My doctor. 
Cool
Not You - sad embarrassment you became.  Ego, without accomplishment  and a history of half truths,is never a good look!  Got citizenship?
I am a teacher who works diligently to impact change and shape change agents...
@BarackObama Everybody don't have the fear of the ten man.  you have to stand up and speak out I keep my churc @BarackObama
delicious food,I like

Congratulations, barack obama
O ictikleriniz size zikkim olarak icirilecek
nice
00905313660667
Even government drinks... Don't be a square.
Another phony foundation to steal money from the people! Pathetic! @obamafoundation @barackobama
True courage is the spirit of success
You the #BestThing that had ever happened to #theUSA
Inspiring.  Thank you.
If Obama Had his way that American Flag would Come Down and Be Burned, LOOK AT HIS ACTIONS WHILE A PRESIDENT,  Some One AUDIT HIM !!
I need u to be here at
According to you this is a trademark violation since you're using his image.
Wishing you was in the White House. I believe that we are in a big mess
كفووووو
Wow
En habitant pas loin de son lieu de travail on peut montrer l'exemple de pas prendre sa voiture pour y aller mais souvent c'est pas possible
