Beau fought to protect the most vulnerable among us. Thanks to my friend @barackobama for honoring his life’s work with the @BeauBidenFdn. 

I miss this guy
I have the greatest respect and admiration for these 2 men.  They led our great nation with heart and soul for 8 years.  
Thank you, Sir, for your service, & dedication to our country. You are all doing important work in the world & we are so very grateful.

Please.................our last legit President. Whoa we miss you.

Now let's return to regular order - hearings, open debate and amendments. https://twitter.com/cnnbrk/status/912745198844858368 …

We love you both so much 
We miss you both so much!
OMG 

That's why Donny the Destroyer wants to CRUSH every single thing Obama did while in office! Jealous of his success! He knows he's a failure!

You sir are more presidential in one tweet than trump is with all his might.
I miss you guys so much. Your intelligence, grace, diplomacy, and love for all Americans.
Real men, real patriots who had the best interest of our country in mind when making decisions.
Right They Had The Best interest of all Americans  Not Just a Select Few!
True men of character & good sense.
It shall forever boggle the minds of goodfolks how we went from 2 of the best America has to offer the world to . . . impending doom #Resist
Thank you, Mr. President.
How lovely!
A class act.
Always. Both of them.
You can tell a lot about fathers by looking at their sons...
MISS YOU
I miss you both so much.


Salam satu jiwa
Omg we need you, Mr. President, more than ever. I know it's not fair to you but we sure need your intelligence, wisdom & kindness. #imiss44
It almost hurts too much to see them together. @lolabeasy @Mikcil #thegoodoldays

Because you miss compassionate leadership and are grieving over the abomination currently in the WH.   Me too.
American Constitution nonetheless,  I still ask: When will Barack Obama and Joe Biden returning to the White House, to SAVE America?
Im going to be HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY when your legacy lands you in a Federal Prison for Treasonous acts unbefiting a ExPresadent.

OMG, I miss President Obama’s voice and intelligence.
It's obvious why Trump is jealous of Obama, Biden. Bc he will never be a leader like them. Men America can be proud of.#TrumpTheCon
I miss you with an aching heart. Please come back.
Did you notice @IzGutierrez on @SportsNation?  BEARLY...
War criminals.  Go away.
Such good men
He did our nation proud, sir. Like father, like son...and like his running mate.



Honored to hear them speak. The entire GOP combined has less integrity, dignity and honor than these two men, especially the dimwit in WH
THANK YOU FOR GETTING HELP TO PUERTO RICO AND THE ISLANDS! USS COMFORT NEEDS TO BE DEPLOYED!
RIP BEAU WE WILL HONOR U
Obama always made me swell with pride for his actions, words & love of America

Trump makes Americans swell with hatred, vitriol & violence
Sir it's time to release every bit of info on election hacking / Trumps involvement to save our country from this lunaticTraitor!Thank you
JOE BIDEN, I KNOW YOUR FAMILY'S STILL MISSING YOUR GREAT SON ALONG W AMERICA! THRU THE TEARS & HEARTBREAK STAND TALL FOR THAT GREAT MAN

Oh how we miss you both. Stay visible, you give us strength and hope to keep fighting the Trump regime.
Very proud of these men. Nothing more powerful than leading by example.
I miss these honest men they kept us safe I hope that they can still continue in some way to protect our country
@eddyrogerparker @JoeBiden @BeauBidenFdn 

WE MISS YOU!!! Please come back.

We miss you. Thank you for being the best President in my lifetime. We love Mr. Biden and send our sympathy to him about Beau.
come back @BarackObama
Well said! Don't worry. Mueller's noose tightens. POTUS anxiety will cause many "planned" distractions from it >> http://bit.ly/2fn0SNa 
Always loved the Obama/Biden Brobance, Two VERY FINE MEN!!!
need to war all world attack myanmar mallirary
plc.Halp rohiga pepole
Beau had a great example in his dad! A true American!! We need you both back in office now more than ever, our country is falling apart!! 
Run, Joe, Run!
Hey obama can you dm me
Lmao
God we really miss you two compassionate & loving people! Our country & democracy is melting away through greed and evil!
Awesome men, all of you. May Beau Rest In Peace
#KurdistanBlockade
You both made us all want to be...because you WERE!! TABA! Take America Back Again!
@BarackObama  We need more 'ENOUGH' and less 'SLEEPING WITH THE ENEMY' we miss you and Joe!!
#Bidenforpresident2020
Let the Beau president campaign begin

Thank you for showing the way. Thank you just isn't enough.  We must pick up our share of the work. Together we can make it a better world
THANK YOU  PRESIDENT OBAMA FOR REMINDING US HOW GRATEFUL BEAU BIDEN LIVED & LOVED
God bless the Biden family present here on Earth and those at God's right hand with Beau
There's my President always thoughtful!
 I miss you both
How many bombs did you all drop on countries that didn't pay a tithe?
Biden is a Disgrace.
U
We all miss you as our leader ! You're a man with such class and dignity ! PLEASE FIND A WAY TO COME BACK ,
#Dvlottery
#nobanDVlottery2017
@ADCtweets
@OmarJadwat
@YolandaCRondon
@ACLU_DC
@neal_katyal
@FindJusticeLaw https://twitter.com/mbabakhani2/status/926157956441411584/photo/1pic.twitter.com/mWAheLnAlS 
My Youtube Channel BD TIGER 1971 So, Please Subscribe
I love you. Ruthann
Ok i am sure beau would like you take it easy in tour twilight years especially for the good of our nation...
OK, you need to come back! Can we add another requirement to POTUS, humanity? It should go without saying but I guess not.

Joe Biden est un noble que j'aime beaucoup mon frère

WHAT MAKE STRONG US IS THE MIX OF CULTURES
Old smokin Joe Biden is quite a man, him & Obama teamed up as the hottest president & vice-president in US history, I'd pleasure them both!
The North Korea situation is getting out of hand....
Read a lot about Joe. Hell of a husband, father & grandfather. Leads by example. Tough bar to raise.
.My love and respect to all three of these great guys.
We used to be a good hearted country. Til the malcontents took over.
Your friendship with Joe Biden and this honor for his lovely son makes me tear up.
Papa Obama Uncle Joe talk about some tough love  what's it take to get to go surfing  with you guys and @richardbranson @Pontifex Jesus 
Please help send Puerto Rico help... Our people r dying.
We sure do miss both of you!!  Thank you both for your service to our country.
@Phoenixwmn @JoeBiden So eloquent, melodic words, such a great inspiration. Thank you President Obama!
Ummm WE MISS YOU


YES MR.PRESIDENT HE WAS 1 OF THE GOOD ONES LIKE FATHER IT'S HARD 2 SEPARATE GOOD FRM MONSTERS BLEND IN SO WELL TOGETHER ALL CAN'T  FORGET 

We love you guys!!!
https://twitter.com/UNTDG/status/912550551212236805 …
Support our Troops!! Help raise money for Joining Forces by RT'in this picture!!!
Mr. Anchorsplash entry #11: Kappa Alpha Order! Retweet your fave Anchorman!! 
Tell me what he did all the years he was in the White House and working for the government. He help divide the country with Barack Obama.
Love both of them SO MUCH!
what a great team u both R. Thank u both. Thank u Obama 4 such amazing grace u bestowed upon our country. Thank u Joe
WE SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT AND OUR COUNTRY.WE ARE AMERICANS AND LOVE GOD.
You both ...Country is requesting to come back...vacay is over. Lol
Thank you Barack Obama for taking care of us the people! If Michelle Obama runs for presidency I WILL vote for her if GOD is willing! <3 you
Wonderful to see them both for such a worthy cause.
Plase came back to the white house
Please help us. Do all you can. We fear for our democracy and lives sir. Dark days. No blue skies.
how do we get joe to run for potus in 2020? We need him.  Biden/Kamala Harris is the ticket
These two men really love each other!! My heart misses them
I love these men!!!!
Thank you, President Obama & Vice-President Biden! It is an honor to Beau Biden and a testament to both of you for your qualities as well!
Please come back. T-Bag is going to ruin the world
This is and was a wonderful gracious team we miss you dearly 
Real MEN look & behave like these two.
Beau Biden left an amazing legacy.
Really miss President Obama & Joe Biden, such Class & Integrity.
Class, integrity, morals and ethics all rolled up into a perfect bromance. Miss @BarackObama and @JoeBiden so very much. Can you come back 
The love shown for this tweet shows how Good and Great these men were/are in contrast to the men in office now. #ThanksObama 
The 2 men who really care about America and caring on the legacy of Beau! God Bless All of you! Beau must be smiling as he's looking on!
Good Vibes only  #VoterRegistrationDay #PuertoRico #TravelTuesday
Did you know of the TRUE Facebook & Russia connection and the harassment being done?
Thankful for Beau's service. Joe and Jill- great parents. Thanks POTUS and Vice POTUS.
I miss gentlemen, vocabulary, warmth and kindness.
Your legacy is the subversion of democracy to nominate Hillary, the criminalizing of whistle blowing & the enabling of multiple genocides.
Obama and Biden are awesome!!!!!
Heartbreaking and uplifting...Beau Biden was an exceptional human being. He leaves a legacy that will surely endure. 44 and VP.
.@SenJoniErnst @SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin @ChuckGrassley 

What are you going to do to rebuild Puerto Rico?
Weep for honor, dignity & decency left these lofty positions of responsibility when @BarackObama & @JoeBiden turned-over their posts.
I remember when the world seemed normal....
This twosome @BarackObama @POTUS44 and @JoeBiden @VP44 is incredible and sorely missed 
I miss Obama-Biden, if for nothing else, 2 totally decent human beings.
We love you and miss you so much!
Barack and Joe are the epitome of what is good about America! When I get down, I just have to think of time we were led by decent people!
Bring back Barak in 2020
COME BACK!
Thank you, you make us proud too!
Love you both.  Just seeing you makes me feel better.
Such an amazing man! Beau was what we all should teach our young men to aspire to. Joe Biden & President Barack Obama are also FIRST class!
Barack Obama u r truly a great man...
Now THAT made me cry.
Then please Biden do us a favor and run for President in 2020 and SenHarris as VP!!!!!

I MISS YOU GUYS SO MUCH
Thank you, Sir. Miss ur integrity, Calmness, Inclusiveness, & Dedication to All Americans. In my life, You were the best Potus we have had!
Imagine having a @POTUS and @VP you could be proud of for elevating the national awareness...
Thank you both for being such an inspiration!
WE NEED YOU BACK AS president of are country... Donald Trump Doesn't know how to run a country... God Blass You Barack Obama.
Gam over 
Your position is not good enough for yours ambition
Amen 
My favorite part about the Obama regime is when my insurance rate went up 200%. No illnesses no handicaps. Thanks for that 
We miss you!
You both led our country with integrity. VP Biden, u raised a fine son gone 2 soon. U.S. in a tough spot now. Like Beau, we'll bravely fight
We miss you guys!!

You are DELUSIONAL BO!!




That ur reptshon and crime retings so look at what you saying for modenashon
e
#KurdistanReferendum #kurdistan #peace #NoWar2017
Mr. President, you will go down as one of the greatest men to ever lead our country. Thank you for all you've done and continue to do!
Major Beau Biden Thank you
Oh look....dignity, intelligence, & humor. 3 things @@realDonaldTrump does not have.
@lucy_bramwell they’re so cute
Hey , hello   please  try to 
remember la constitution  américaine  
and  make another or the new one  .
I love  @BarackObama  and  @JoeBiden   .
You're a Fraud and a Liar. #ArrestObamaForTreason then publically #HangEmHigh until he's Dead!!
@andreabuchanan2 
I just close my eyes and listen and pretend theyre still in office...it's good for my sanity. Heck just knowing they're out there helps!!
What an iconic duo. Miss y'll 
 EARN MONEY BY YOUR ANDROID PHONE  For more information write #JOIN# and WhatsApp us@ 9627035712
I miss you so much! And your family.
 Love and best wishes. We appreciate all that you do!
@BeauBidenFdn glad to see the bromamce continues. Miss you guys in the White House
