
Thank you to the best and most wonderful president we’ve seen in recent times. May you and your family be blessed as for the less fortunate also.
Happy thanksgiving Mr President!
Why you want come back.Good morning God bless and family
I am thankful for all that you have done for this country that Trump is now tearing apart. #NoThanksToTrump
Please use the #NoThanksToTrump hashtag to show America what you are thankful for that Trump should have no credit in. 
RETWEET!!!
Our economy has rebounded, markets soared and jobs created because of Obama. #NoThanksToTrump
Thank you for boosting America's standing in the world. Happy Thanksgiving to the best President I have ever lived through.  #NoThanksToTrump
We are thankful for the 8 wonderful years that you gave us.
The cash he flew to Iran then went here: Obama's own other hangout, North Korea Ground Rabbit
Wow he sure did didn't he did it with the approval of our government that means republicans & dems alike, at that time that was what they thought was best, ORANGE MAN well he just wants to drop bombs, but remember he's pro-life, but let's kill people anyway is his way of thinking
#FollowTheWhiteRabbit
Why would I follow the white rabbit?
With some of the news we find, we're all asking that same question

Alex Podesta, brother of John and Tony Podesta, makes strange art using white rabbits. 

#FollowTheWhiteRabbit 
#QAnon https://twitter.com/PaleFacedDemon/status/934566949304131584/photo/1pic.twitter.com/h2orkY7GUX 
Miss you so much.
Miss you 
也祝你感恩节快。
Same to you and yours.  Stay blessed.
Right back atcha, Mr President!
What a beautiful family! We miss you!

We miss you, come back!!!
Sorry you guys have to wear the same clothes all the time.
@seanhannity 
@IngrahamAngle 
#WhereIsObama?
It makes sense they would be in the same outfit since they have not been together after Obama left office... expand your thinking... ;)
They didn't spend Thanksgiving 2017 together?  They're a FAMILY.
Do some research... they posed as a family... much as they did for this photo...
So where's the 2017 family photo?  I honestly don't care what they do.
The 2017 photo is just a release from a series of photos that were taken in 2016... the photos taken in 2016 only had a couple of official releases and the 2017 version is from that same series since they have not been together after leaving office
Why I you making such a YUGE deal out of what was supposed to be a tiny little joke?
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night!
Obama confessed that he's government created daesh

We are so thankful that we had the opportunity to call you the President of the United States!  #NoThanksToTrump
Plz dont use the word "we", most good patriotic Americans detested the muslim. Fools voted him in, this will not happen again.
Oooohhh! I saw her smoking!
I guess
Happy Thanksgiving to The Obamas!  Miss you!
From the Presidential family to yours*
We are eternally grateful for all of your intelligence, professionalism and ethical guidance that has influenced generations of Americans.

Happy Thanksgiving Obama!
#ObamasLegacy
He was the worst president in history fact
With no fact to back that up but ok.  Enjoy your Rubles for posting this comment.  Russian troll.
He is gay married to a tranny
Thank you, Mr. President

Happy Turkey  day to you and yours as well. God bless
i miss you
Didn't always agree with you, but damn do  I miss having an adult as President.
Back at ya’ Mr. President!
Back at ya!
Thank you mr.president
Mr. Disgrace
May God bless you and yours! President Obama you are the example of all future presidents. We miss you so. Your leadership, compassion and more importantly, your true desire to represent the people is needed.
Come back pls, Obama family! We miss you. 
Thank you Sir, God Bless you and your family. You will always be MY PRESIDENT until 2020 when VP BIDEN takes over. BTW can you be his VP?
HAPPY THANKSGIVING DAY! Enjoy this day with your family and friends, Obamas! I know you have GOD'S love, favor and mercy with you. :D
Happy Thanksgiving, President Obama. Thank you for all you and Michelle did for our country. #NoThanksToTrump
Miss you guys, always classy and kind  have a great Thanksgiving with your family!
Happy Thanksgiving to your's  President Obama. We miss you!!!!!
We will never be as thankful nor as happy as when your family graced the WH! Thank you to @BarackObama @MichelleObama for just being you!
We are thankful that millions have #Healthcare due to the ACA, with more access to Medicaid and better care through Medicare.
We are thankful that you brought us one of the greatest stock market rallies and lowest unemployment rates: impossible to imagine when you took office! #GivingThanks
#NoThanksToTrump we miss you President Obama!
You are a wonderful family and we wish you all love peace and happiness x
Love you guys, god bless you  happy thanksgiving
Thank u. The same to u the Obama family
Happy Thanksgiving
Happy Thanksgiving, Mr. President. Thank you for your service.
Thank you for being a great example of a true American family who deeply cares about the American people. All American people.

(PLEASE COME BACK WE NEED YOU)
Instead we are currently stuck with this fool who yesterday asked if he could kill the turkeys that you pardoned.

But how'd he declare himself dictator if he stepped down from office
Thank God we are now under a Trump presidency restoring law and order plus every form of the government that you destroyed!
Enjoy this last year. We will be ripping our way throughout this administration this time next year. #bloodbath merry Christmas #TheResistance

Attacking ppl you don't agree with, with violence is all you libs do. 
We had to live through 8 yrs of the community organizer so now deal with it

The " jobs " created under your reign were mostly part time and intern level and now you want to take credit for what President Trump is doing to fix what you broke you are so lame . Why don't you just enjoy living of the tax payer funded retirement that you didn't earn .
And Trump is the reason why so many companies are laying off thousands of employees and sending them to foreign nations. #AT&TLayoffs #CarrierGoesToMexico
I have so much gratitude for being born to see through your deceit and lies, Barry. Thank you, Jesus.  #QAnon #TheStorm
It’s literally a picture? People use the same family photo for any occasion back of
Bcuz they have nothing else.... They just mindlessly drift through Twitter & grab at whatever is shiny... #trumptrainstupid #sad
We miss all of you tremendously. In one day we went from great to hate.
Obama is absolutely a better representative of The United States but to say we were great? Changing the puppet in charge doesn’t all of the sudden change the hate that’s existent in this country. It’s been here for centuries, dude, it just became more noticeable.
Yes, unfortunately I agree but yet now we have Trump telling his hating followers that that kind of behavior is okay.
Weird times for sure. I still think we are moving in the right direction (even if it doesn't seem so). The vast majority of humans despise such behavior. While the internet gives the turds a voice, it also exposes the turds who ALWAYS lose in the long term.
here's a pretty picture for John - since he is incapable of any rational thought
Crazy  Flight.                                 Some Hippy with a Comfort Dog .     Four Comfort Cats and a Comfort Monkey  on the Plane .          Kicked off for using the Comfort Monkey 
Last year's pic, you spend this year in NK plotting with the deep state.
It’s a sad life if you actually believe this...
Lock him up!
Tax Bill Win: GOP Repeals Obamacare Mandate http://www.infowars.com/tax-bill-win-gop-repeals-obamacare-mandate/ … via @realalexjones

The leader we need
Thanks Mr. President
"We didnt land on Plymouth Rock, Plymouth Rock landed on us". Malcolm X.   that said i highly doubt a man like you that despises White America, the UK&Churchill (like yiur commie daddy) Israel, etc celebrates the white Pilgrims taking advantage of Native Americans (they did)
Can you come back please sir?? Just change your name or something, and run again!!! 
Please come back we have no leadership and are a ship without a rudder
REX Tillerson has a Big Secret.            He sneaks off to the Make-Up Room ... and Becomes.   SARAH. Huckabee

Miss you every day... never felt that before, about a President. Bless you all. Thank you for your service. You made a difference in the world, our country and my life. Happy Holidays
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family Mr. Obama from my wife and my self. Thank you for being there for all.

dAH
Dear President @MichelleObama We miss you and Michelle so much. The best ever and you have changed my 10yr old daughter's life.  We have the leadership letter framed. Thank you and Michelle.
a vous de même mon président
when are you going to save us? We are living a nightmare, and it is immoral to watch us suffer. PS we love you even more now, if that is possible
Hi good  pm sir
I miss you Mr. President.
Hi
Can you be our President again! We miss you!

FLASHBACK: Obama makes a 2008 campaign promise to recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s capital. 

He later broke that promise, used the U.N. as a politi…
I am most thankful for my God, my family, and a President who is making America Great Again after 8 years of defeatism. Merry Christmas!
we miss you boss please come back reply president
We miss you so much!
LOGAN ACT!  We will NOT stand for what you're doing!
Miss you and your beautiful family in the @WhiteHouse! It now lacks the class, grace and humanity that your administration showed.
MISS U GUYS
Beautiful
Obama maklng kids...

Thankful to see all of your bogus executive orders being dismantled. You did stick to your campaign promise offering change. Sadly, the suckers who voted for you didn’t realize you were transforming change for the worse. @realDonaldTrump can now save us from your destruction. 
We love you!!! America (the sane part).
Re-listened to some of your old speeches today.  Damn I miss you.
I miss having a president with class & intelligence. 
I hope are really having a great time and enjoying your new life.
We need you to inspire African Americans to the polls in Alabama. Please help! This is a big one!
Such Class!
Rush Limbaugh Explains How ‘Obama Weaponized the FBI Against Trump’ http://truthfeednews.com/rush-limbaugh-explains-how-obama-weaponized-the-fbi-against-trump/ … via @truthfeednews
Oh is that how  Rush Limbaugh explained it? Cuz Limbaugh is so trustworthy....oh wait.. he's as bad as if not more full of shit that Alex Jones!!!
you family is beautiful, inside and out.
Thank you, Sir. If I may: The Republicans exist by Virtue of Democratic Society.

May the world understand that they are in fact kind of weird.

Semper Fi.

Love
Fidelity
No fake teeth, if possible
Regular check-ups

Aluminum recycling
@BarackObama come back!
From we the people: please go away as 8 years of you destroying America and every Department in our government was enough! DISGUSTING....  Thank God we now have a President who loves America and everything we stand for!
Death to America
We miss you.

. @realDonaldTrump never comes close to these numbers. It must really kill him that, a little more than a year later, the guy who (rightfully) made fun of him at the #WHCA dinner still garners WAY more likes on any tweet than Trumpy will ever hope to achieve. #Sad! #Loser.
Love y'all!!! Miss y'all sooooo much!!!
Massi presidente
Cute fam!
we all miss you #BarackObama 
Beautiful family!
Interesting how Barry doesn’t allow comments, that are not to his liking, on his posts. Very thin skinned. Weak.
Happy Thinksgiving
god love you
Thank you so much, Mr. President, FLOTUS44, and FDOTUS, Malia & Sasha!  We hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving as well.  Missing you all so much.
Beautiful Family!!!
Hope your Thanksgiving was great and your Christmas as well as NEW YEAR even better!!!
You all are so darn cute!!! :) 
come back.... please... we all love you and miss you greatly
Jay sardar
I miss you, Sir
Why the same pic as last year? 
Love you guys!!! Michelle run for office already!!!

Oh gee, nice to see your daughters decided cleaned up for #Thanksgiving this year. Too bad we already know these photos ops are fake!
Please!!! Please! Come back!
More fake (staged) news. @realDonaldTrump
سلام حاجی خدا قوت خوش باشید
سلام به خانواده برسون
:-) :-) :-)

Thank you@BarackObama we miss you so much
I miss you and your family Sooooooooo  Hard. I wish there was some way you could come back and be President, we need a grown-up in DC
Wishing a lot happiness to yours family
hello
TransMen can't give birth.
My Dear Brother & Sister Upping
nice family
Merry Christmas to you and your family
I want to your help.  ' parmanu hathiyar mukt dunia ' ke aviyan me .
This is a beautiful, Presidential Family!  Not the jerks in the White House now.  @BarackObama  I miss you!!!!  
Your the best of the best
Great
My president
Can’t you please figure out a way to be our president again?
Wish you were still in the top job.
hi

Hi
looking good Mr Ex- president of USA. I love you, say hi to all your family members. Marry X-mas and prosperous new year 
Mr. @BarackObama , I want to study but I do not have support any more, please I'm here by calling for your help

バラクめっちゃモテんじゃん！(笑)

はしゃぐのもいいけど寒いから暖かくして寝るんやで！
Blessings to your family as well
The desire of all oppressed children to see their children shattered at the corpse of the shattered dogs
I miss u as a president Obama :)
Dear sir, nice. 
Belle fàmille Mister president
все подъзды зассал, пендос
@BarackObama
Radhe Radhe
nice looking
M.Christ.& optimal 2018 to make the Worl reat again!
Família linda!
Deus te abençoe sempre!
Thanks
So ...snow in South Texas how's that global warming working out for you dummy . Why don't you show some class and follow the example of past Presidents and show respect to the office . Don't go away mad just go away.
HOW SWEET!
Hi
It's unprecented seditious and treasonous behavior by an ex-president and is in violation of the Logan Act for which he should be held accountable. 
Come back to the US Obama. 
WE THE PEOPLE have some "questions" for you.
感恩节乐
I love how pretty your daughters are!
Krallll Obama
http://Usdearn.com  
Easy way to make more money just from your house this is the perfect address
YOU ARE WORLD BEST PRESIDANT
I just threw up in my mouth
beautiful family sir
@BarackObama
Please send someone you would be proud of to run in 2020.!Thank you!
Happy birthday long life and prosperity
Ffu
Sorry, we don't worship little "g" god allah... Glad you're gone bro... Things are looking up.
спасибо

Amen, same here my mintor
amazing family 
اخس يل بومه والله صار عندك مزز
Felicidades para todos vocês

@barndani
