And the winner of the 2017 #ProfileInCourage Award is… http://profileincourageaward.org/obama  




Happy Anniversary of your JFK Profile In Courage Award!
Our greatest President
We sure miss u Talk abt taking the last 8 yrs for granted It's like watching ur ex move on with a happier life
so true
NOT YOU. I'm so ashamed of voting for you twice, not any choice with your comrade neocons McCain & Romney though. https://twitter.com/MikeGravel/status/759433673158426627 … …
#Bush Neo-cons control the #ObamaAdministration, and will control the #ClintonAdministration.

#ProfilesOfWarCriminals
You betrayed us with #FalseHope, you betrayed whole world.
You left us with your mess, #WarCrimes & #RefugeeCrisis.
just wait it's about to get worse
To be worse, Trump will have to drop more than 26,000 bombs this year(the number Obama dropped on 6countries in 2016)http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/nation-world/national/article124842824.html …
you have really screwed this country up. How could you...POWER? SMDH!!
.  Well he was left with a mess
. Part of leadership includes taking ownership...not "well look at the other guy".
You are my profile in courage! Mr President, please sue that maniac in the White House !


Omg Your family were awesome.  Grace, poise, Great examples of restraint.  Now DISASTER
we miss you and the First Lady so much hope you both are doing well.
We love you!! 
. What a joke.
Miss you Sir!
she tried to tell us... 
#CorettaSpeaks 
#JeffSessions
You deserve it Sir!  You will forever be my President!  Thank you for taking care of us! We are in your debt. 
come back Mr. President! We miss you!!!
#ProfileInCourage?  https://www.obama.org/your-voice/ 
And the winner of the 2017 #ProfileInCourage Award is… http://profileincourageaward.org/obama  
we miss you President Obama. Trump sucks.
Please come back.
.@BarackObama Seriously what will it take for you to come back and rescue us? I've got $15 bucks and ear pods in my pocket--take your pick.
that is your best, yet! 
glad to hear from you again!
your wife @MichelleObama  is mine.
enjoy the day!
well deserved Mr President. Thank you for everything you did and tried to do.
We need you back in office, 8 more years. Please, as the world cry.
one of best president
come back.
you and Lincoln. Please continue to fight for what is right.
I'm praying the same happens to Obama that happened to jfk talk about cutting the head off the snake
Come back for a 3rd term; Franklin D. Roosevelt did it. That 22nd amendment is stupid right now..
my profile in Courage Sir is you,  you and your beautiful family and what you've done for this country. #POTUS
@MichelleObama 

We are waiting on her arrival sir 
Michelle said she's not running. Can Oprah be added instead?
...she said no thanks!
...who would be able to clean up this mess that trump created?
Hi Mr President!  We miss you! Please come back!  You are our Hero!!

not obama
.@BarackObama @ObamaFoundation we are humbled that you served as our president, especially with what we are dealing with now
yes I'm British but Barack Obama was a he'll of a better president
you had the perfect opportunity to be the best POUS in history for all Americans. But you failed Measurably!
....Once again, Go Away!!! We are done with you and your hollow BS!
then when tax season came I was penalized for it
@JFKLibrary COME HOME, SUPERMAN, WE NEED YOU!!! WE MISS YOU!!!
you will ALWAYS be my POTUS
Please come back! "You had me at hello!"
miss you, Mr. President.
congratulations. You are a good honest American and I thank you for your service to our great country.
nice.
.@BarackObama @ObamaFoundation
Another dem ripoff tax shelter for the corporate governance global elite. Funneled to Dems.
IT WOULD MAKE JFK  VOMIT IN HIS GRAVE HE WOULD NEVER   ALLOW THIS IF HE WERE ALIVE  HE DIED  FIGHTING AGAINST EVERYTHING DEOMINC THING U DO
The Obama Foundation new rules are coming out here real soon I'm sure of it and it's not going to work so well as the Clinton Foundation did
Nice picture, WeedMan.

hi
Ombama  naou  hino  am  ober  folo  of  you  haver mor  peoler  of  you  oner
Camin  dat  timer  giver  may  fotor  too  ombama  oner wold by  best

cool
You've shared some terrific stories about the #ProfileinCourage in your communities. Here are a few great ones: http://go.obama.org/profiles-in-courage …
Obama Care is failed project and dead
Shut up
Hello @zsterio shut up I'm your president!
My #ProfileInCourage is President Donald J Trump. He took on a corrupt system and won a rigged election 
Obama wire tapped Trump and Trump STILL won! 
be responsible.be human.be intelligent.be classy.be what Obama was& Trump isnt
.Callenle el osico a donald,ese hombre es un psicópata....
u can wear yr mom jeans, ply with that zoom thing on Michelle phone, just come back & save us.big orange GO.
liar
@JFKLibrary JFK would have hated you
We MISS YOU MR OBAMA... HELP US!!
another slush fund like the Clinton foundation an account for hiding bribes
just like the Clinton foundation.. Hmmm.
Miss your dignity, thoughtfulness,integrity, patriotism.  We took that all for granted. Shame on us!
appeal for some financial assistance from your foundation for "ESTEL" which cares for young and adolescent mental handicaps.
@NaciyeEmrem.  I too believe you've  got something  planned  to  save us. Not to be rude,but pls ! Hurry
you are a real gentleman and a true American love you
thank you sir mr President and may God continue to bless and Protect you and your lovely family and may God
We really Miss you Mr. President... How about Michelle Obama running for President in 4 years??
You would be surprised at how many Canadians miss you Mr. President.  Everyone I know follows the GOP disaster

BREAKING: Clapper says there is no evidence of collusion between Trump's campaign and the Russians. #MTP
Obama u r a good guy
With all the noise, this announcement was lost. Congratulations, sir. Please use your position to show USA we aren't doomed.
Blasphemy
so proud of you sir!!!
Mr0 did everything to weaken the USA.
and orange Nazi boy will take away all regulations, throw us into chaos, foul our air and water...
love all you done and will miss you very much
we need you, please come back
you are my inspiration for courage. Took on the Tea Party, ethical family man, scandal free service for 8 years! My Hero!
...no se mucho inglesss
Soy Directora de una escuela que quieren cerrar,  ya es muy pesado a mis espaldas,por eso se las dejo a dios,todas las decisiones.

Thru all the negativity, you remained positive with dignity, grace & humor. You, Sir are my #PiC. Deserved. Congrats! 

His head is down, due to shame... shame that you don't pay your debts
THE ALMIGHTY DOLLAR AND POWER ! PERIOD !!!!!!!!!
that Kennedy portrait reminds me of a great man I once met.
Right now, it is pretty much you!
Osama, what are you going to do now? Terrorism?

Humbled?If a family can serve a good cause and as you help a people, a nation and humanity, how should we feel a family with a normal life?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10215013677362123&id=1435398287&refid=7&_ft_=top_level_post_id.10215013677362123&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …
You so deserve this so much!
God bless president Trump!
CONGRATULATIONS!
Президент Обама красивый, привет, да благословит вас, доброе утро, добрый день, спокойной ночи, желая, Господь, Господь
. You were the best preside ever and proud of you . Please comeback 
You mad bro?.... LOLOLOL.. @BarackObama
Boooooooooo you lost Hillery lost...loser
you are my role model you have indeed done blacks proud.
We miss you. Please help us, this is scary.
Thank you, President Obama, for all your hard work during difficult times and always behaving sane. We sure do miss you!
:  You deserve this award!  You did an amazing job!  You were a shining star for everyone!
I AM MY PROFILE IN COURAGE. T-SHIRT CONTEST ENDS TONIGHT AT MIDNIGHT. CHECK MY TWITTER PAGE FREAKS 
Listen egghead. Trump's done more damage in 2 months then pres Obama could do in a lifetime
Let me count the ways: ACA (REP will copy), lower unemployment, saved auto industry, blah blah blah. Need more?
I Miss
Your Leadership
Your Perpetual Class
Your Everything
Thank you, for being you
Especially,
in this insane world it's put us into
Amen

Yes!!
@The_MuslimTimes @ObamaFoundation Anyone who has the humility & dignity to let his successor govern, which you clearly cannot.
He is a coward!
wonder if you would have received it if they knew about your wiretapping? Maybe an award from Nixon library!
you believe everything you hear
nope-much like the Noble Prize,he didn't deserve it. Time will tell on this, too. #Vault7 .
What it comes down to is, .@BarackObama plays chess, .@realDonaldTrump eats checkers.
love ya
HONORED WELL DESERVED!
I miss you!!!
Thank you for everything you did for us ! We know you did the best you could! We still need you! Come Baaack!
and thank u for caring for this country and this comes from a republican who voted for u twice..
Excellent and powerful read. All who plan to make public servant their goal should read #ProfilesinCourage
Phony
congratulations sir.
Congratulations on your award. Now, would you please accept my invite for a burger and beer in my backyard? Always open for you
@JFKLibrary 
The poor snowflakes you created = You're all fools or brainwashed!
Trump is going to put you behind bars
you certainly aren't
for you and Michelle my story is about you two -what a great inspiration you are and I deeply appreciate your service to us!
My profile in courage is Robert Burdick who helped in the founding of this Country. Where was your family, Kenya?
Well deserved Mr. President.
You are NOT JFK.. WILL NEVER be a JFK... NEver My President & Never a real American..
Congratulations!!!! 
We miss you Mr. President.
well deserved!
History will find you as ONE of the best Presidents EVER! followed by one of the most corrrupt @GOP government ever! 
MISS YOU
not you wimp. Didn't you also award yourself the Pres medal of Freedom? Shameful
.@BarackObama @ObamaFoundation 
#ProfileInCourage That would be you, Mr President! Barack Obama is the greatest!
Well you deserved this award as much as you deserved the Nobel Peach Prize. Maybe they'll look nice hung up in a jail cell
please come back and save us from the toddler.
you are my profile in courage. Words barely describe. Great Presidents should have citizen option years like pro athletes.
Why don't you back the fork out of politics.  You did eight terms and nobody tried to sabotage you. This is treason.
The repubs sabotaged him every day he was in office. Were you sleep for the last eight years? Y'all are crazy.
