I hope you enjoyed your so deserved vacation. Honestly you light up our hopes, please don't stay away too long.  u guys!
He probably doesn't even know what to say. If I was him I'd be shocked at the new regime. I'm flabbergasted daily.
Because Trump is mentally ill. He's dividing our country. Obama was the best Prez. in my lifetime. That's a long while.
NSA said Surveil in Summer 2016 with lower level warrants Oct 2016 AG sent court Request for 2nd FISA Warrant its Granted. NSA says not good
It's not good. He's very corrupt.
Another "Foundation", another bottomless pit. Unreal. Go play some golf dude! Your days are gone, it is yesterday's news, now please get a real job.
Have You heard from this reporter and her NSA Source. Do you know who Reporter is and who her NSA Source refers 2 when says
Except for the 62 million who despise you ... lol
Much as I respect you,  that's fine if it's a two-way street but all too often hospitality and kindness is seen as a weakness to be exploited,  especially at an international level. "Firmness" is not always down to racism or cruelty of other forms. It can also be prudent.
#Diversity #Globalists
Deport Obama
God says that because you refuse to see the truth, "I will send you strong delusion to believe a lie." In other words if you are too blind to see the truth of the new administration you deserve to be blinded by the lies and the liar.  Good luck with that.
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982894575126745088 … 3696
Did you like it ?
Perfect #gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/FXgzqh  
Click URL: https://goo.gl/FXgzqh   
…

Come back. Save us.
ruined USA. We The People w/ Trump will repair USA. Stand back. Let's start with Obamacare, Corrupt IRS &..
will you come back if we send Fox News to Siberia?
come back president please 
sure do miss you but so glad you can get well deserved rest and vacations!
.@BarackObama the Michael Jordan of Presidents
Remember when this was a "President's Demeanor?
Yes, we answer everyday.
Come back!
@ObamaFoundation please please go away. Retire, play golf whatever but go away.
dude
save us please
why didn't u chg  term presidency  while u were in office..so u can b ours 4ever.well ur still mine idk who thar other guy is
You are the man! 
please come back

One more snowflake needing her safe room and pacifier. This is priceless! LMAO
Help, Please.
but really, come back!
Obama we miss you! And I'm not even from the U.S.!
I so miss your steady, thoughtful, and informed leadership! I slept a lot better when you were in charge!
I won't beg you to come back like these weaklings. YES I WILL! PLEASE PLEASE COME BACK!
Get back to the White House and stop Donald Trump from taking away the rights of Muslims and minorities. It's a shame you can't
there are no words to describe how much I miss you
I'll ask... please answer.

How's your shadow government progressing in your attempt to obstruct the new administration?
when all else fails still blame the black guy
When all else fails, cry racism.
better yet when all else fails cried conspiracy, is what you guys do best
facts or alternate?
if it's from the conspiracy theorists it must be alternative facts. They can't possibly deal with truth.
something like "alternative facts" doesn't exist :'D or it's a way 'better' word for lies.
Hi Mr President will you please accept French people's request to become their president so we can move there. PLEASE
we really miss u
please come back
- Mr. Obama, please buy your own island & start your own country. I will be your 1st citizen! 
Really? He turned his back on Israel, Jewish girl, and you want to bow down to him?
I don't agree with Israel even as a Jew. I don't believe anyone has the right to take land
don't forget what America did to the Jews too, Ms. Pavey.
It's Mrs. Pavay. USA fought Hitler, lost a lot of lives. No one wants to hear that.
Yet we've elected a new Hitler? Yeah America sure it's smart! 
right? All Jews should hate Trump right now. Antisemitism is on the rise!
oh how I've missed you!
COME BACK
please come back
In case you haven't heard it enough lately, we miss you! Soooooo much!  
I didn't appreciate you as much as I should have. @Medium
I didn't either 
Please come back! We miss you! We need you!
past is always better than present
still talking about them?
With a name like Dimitri Nosarev, I'm sure you'll be deported soon. 
question. AND?
once again, AND?
In order to atone for some of what committed in helping and supporting the Saudi Arabia you have to tell the truth
how do I get one of these?
I miss obama as a dolphin misses the ocean.
The United States is not a democracy, it is a democratic republic
.@BarackObama what if we ask you to come back and rescue us?
The man deserves a rest. It's our turn. It's your time, young man.
We are on our way back to repair Healthcare, American Pride, Respect for those in Uniform, American Citizens & FIX IMMIGRATION
Repair it by destroying it? Also, Trump's mother is Scottish.Do you ever stop and think about what you believe?
Obamacare imploded before Hillary or Trump ran for office. Didn't matter who won. Obamacare was neve meant to work.
This man kept you and your country safe ended worst recession #ShowRespect #HeEarnedIt #45Hasnt
the  recession was not over when Trump took office, mass murder gay murders rioting,cops killed
murder rate/national crime rate is at all time low Except the rise in antisemitism that's all on 45
Dayzee you're dazed with false facts. Comer back after you do your homework.
That leaves Trump out as a citizen then.

.@BarackObama Did you see President Cheeto at his gong show press conference yesterday? Come back and save us!!!
president cheeto...lmao!
Funny cus it's TRUE!
WE LOVE PRESIDENT CHEETO OVER PRESIDENT COCOA KRISPIES  ..............BOOM
of course you do. All racist stick together.
yes it's sad the Democrats are the biggest racists
Tina your trivialised racism is vile.
to be witty or to have fun is not racist.Those who  use race card lose
Your very good man.
your so right, again

A GOOD CITIIZEN  IS PATRIOTIC UPHOLDS THE CONSTITUTION AND OUR FOUNDING FATHERS  EXPECTATIONS FOR OUR COUNTRY! & STANDS AGAINST ALL AGNST IT
Obama you are a traitor, enemy of our great country.
God says that because you refuse to see the truth, "I will send you strong delusion to believe a lie." In other words if you are too blind to see the truth of the new administration you deserve to be blinded by the lies and the liar.  Good luck with that.
we have problem of togikwatako in uganda

cool

IT IS AMERICANS WATER STOP STEALING IT  W/NESTLES TO SELL FOR A RAPING PRICE TO CHINA
that is good
This is what we do not need. Especially from Donald J. Trump.
Click the below link to watch what Donald Trump says about women.
@zoobrain1
Enough with your attempts to DIVIDE us and pit black against white. You are the hateful
One!
Get real. I don't know who your "us" is but I'm sure there is continued benefit "you" enjoy due to oppression of POC. That's the division.
Ur looking Great bye the way wish we could have you for another 8 yrs but enjoy your time off if anyone earned it U did
yes America needs you, I live in fear of what's to come for America in the next 4 years, I was okay from 2009-2016!
we don't need a pep talk we need action. 
I've always hoped President Obama could accomplish more working outside that dysfunctional system. Time will tell.
Very important in a democracy to work against new President.So patriotic!Move to a banana republic, idiot
20yr War Correspondence says she's been investigating U Lynch NSA Surveil Trump etc she says her NSA Whistleblower rank high enough 2See
Speaking of genders Barack, how many genders are there?
You were a great president along with Bill Clinton in modern times. The Democrats should be very proud of you.

Vous savez @BarackObama que seul @JLMelenchon propose la paix ?
Il sait pas ce que c'est.
GOD I MISS YOU!
She is very pretty
I miss your leadership as POTUS so much.  

I don't like what you did to our country as president, but I like and respect you. You did what you thought was best! :)
Former President
Go away!!
what a bunch of snibbling babies.... Go to work and pay your taxes, and then we will see how you feel then

ARE YOU LISTENING! This is a chance to learn, if you pay attention.
OR LEGALITY???
No one asked. You have a solution in search of a problem. Your using Clinton Foundation model - pay for play.
Compassion and empathy are FREELY given, not coerced. Both also have limits for those who refuse to help themselves.
Are you ashamed of your white background that should have brought everyone together but you act as if you hate white people
Hes ruining everything! Get him out of there...please!
FOLLOW ME BACK SIR
جيد اذا
always take the moral high ground. No goal is so righteous that it justifies using immoral means to achieve it.
please let this guy gooo..   bro no one is asking these people one gosh dang thing  i gotp ictures too i got real ones fake ones
OR POSITION IN LIFE, & U AREN'T PRESIDENT ANYMORE, @realDonaldTrump IS OUR PRESIDENT!
you are so right! Sadly our new President is lacking those qualities. America needs prayers. God Bless America!
"Compassion" doesn't mean that you've got to accept everything from the other...need to be both side...
thank you Mr. President for continuing your fight for equality.   i will proudly support your new endeavor.

Please come back! We need you!

you left out who abuses the trust and will of the people!
legal is what we want in our country. Laws followed is also what we want. Country without law and order looks like your world.
How can I help your foundation from athens greece,it would be an honor for me!!thank you so much for your time!!

10:4 on your #AmericaLast agenda! Thanks for the memories. You were my first choice for #DividerinChief- You succeeded!
time is over
This is what I have done all of my 60 years on earth so I ask , have you?
-- Exactly what we've lost within the past year. Tragic and sad that there is little etiquette, compassion and care anymore. :(
most people are selfish & only concerned with what profits them. Nothing is always equal, and no one is always good.
can you answer me, how can you sleep at night after letting bashar kill his people
Ok, you and the lovely fam@have had your holiday. Can you go back to the Whitehouse now? Please? #ukbutstillcare
@POTUS44 AMERICANS sure did answer! On 11/8. Get over it! We have a TRUE AMERICAN PRESIDENT now! Go away already! #MAGA #TRUMP
I'm french and i love you 
Miss your stewardship sir. As a proverb in Tamil says "You don't appreciate shade until you are in the scorching sun"
Empathy is oxygen for the soul. Short of breath due to events in DC? Perhaps we need expanded empathy. Get some here!
I sure do miss you President Obama.
we miss you!!!
oh yes
Indeed, I'm driven to help make change for others. This is how, Victory Against All Odds, Inc. was birthed. Making a difference
Michelle for President
then why are we still having all these protests and you are ok with it, and people carrying black power signs, not ok

you do realize an islamic muslim is redundent right?
so true Mr. Pr. This is how a gd citizen should be
Courage?  When a mouse enters the room, O got on a chair, bowed to other heads of state told the Russians he'd kiss their butts later.
u r not the pres anymore... Thank goodness...go back to Kenya and take Michael with u.
Donald trump is building a wall In mexico
fight back, he insults yu every day.
/ Good Morning / Night Sir. God Bless U All
you have such an ego!
We miss you and your quiet wisdom, your love for the constitution and your service. Something we sorely lack now!
Compassion?  Like killing millions of innocents in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria, Yemen?
someone that genuinely cares the country and their community
we miss you guys so much!! Please come back

please come back. Save the world from extremism, conservatism, discrimination & racism in all forms.
Thank you for you. April, I celebrate 7 years as a homeowner. I could've never had this without stimulus. You are so missed.
What makes a good citizen is one who learns from our history, understands our Constitution, and fights for Liberty daily. #MAGA
We miss you Mr. President
Isis grew under Obummer and so did the wasting of our tax dollars! Facts!
