Funny... going through this and seeing bots, trolls, and foreigners that “support and/or love” this utter POS!
Hillary should be wearing a orange jump suit!

#WearOrange
You failed you did nothing you are a liar and a horrible corward didn't even come out in support for a honorable vet You truly are anti american anti law and order
I agree. I will take my kids to the range and teach them gun safety and about the 2nd amendment.
Naic
Zd
Don't U think, these hand guns should be banned
Still waiting for you to call out abortion extremism.
Hello nice to seeyou 
Ipor can you hlp me for haoise
hola
Hilo
.@Everytown .@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
I liked you as president. You was one of the best I do admit. But one major issue in my head that I cannot get out is why did you support gay rights. Under God's green earth I will never understand that.
Oh hey it's the criminal that ordered 500,000 fugitives purged from NICS. 2 down more to go...I'm taking bets on who in your admin sings the loudest.
Very nice Obama
Trump is Orange
Same way sir real one honored blessings
B O Should be censored
Good morning   minestar i layek you
I really feel sad I don't have like u a dad
Fact..
The gun didn't commit the crime.
Fact...
The NRA didn't commit the crime.
Fact...
No laws will stop crazy people from doing sick and crazy things.
Fact...
You were the worst President of my life time. Jimmy Carter ranks higher than you.

@leeyoungsnk2

DEAR SIR,
PLEASE HELP ME CREATE MY WORSAT PROJECT
I thought you should change to X'President. Still a father I hope.

Big men
Good
Peace is the most important and valuable thing all over the world I think.
Demon

I like your every spich..
nice sir 
u r a great personality
Mon inspiration, c'est vous mon président.Que Dieu vous bénisse!
Concordo contigo senhor Obama, o mundo devia reduzir completamente a violencia armada, ou seja acabar com este mal que que assombra o mundo...
Barack Obama, the best Präsident for the USA
A bloody joke 'e was.
no, that's my opinion
Barack obama is the best pipule in world .
Love Barack
Love USA
New" Nelson mandala" obama,we need a lot of change for peace,Obama*******
woow
** Como o ex - presidente Obama envelheceu tanto !!..**
Sir you man
Then put all the gang members in the Superdome and lock the doors for 24 hours. Anyone left alive gets a life sentence. Problem of violence solved! I would add a few Democrats including yourself into the Superdome.
Not giving 'airtime to: 'Arms Organised Crime, Industries. May be a move. In eradicating, that which's given us Madcow Bioterrorism, 'Austerityisation' & Trumps/Psychobote: T.May."p.m's plague's?
President Obama ROCKS!!!!!!!
I hate you
Oh oh, you going to make me cry Obama's making me cry really miss you best president
You should have stayed in school, at least long enough to write a complete sentence...
Hunter orange mug, love it. What an idiot. Which of the 57 states do you think he bought that mug?
Hey miss
this tweet perfectly encapsulates obama

just the casual "oh gun violence? sure speak up about it i guess, whatever i got a meeting with some whores at 3"
UGLLLLLY!
“Wear orange” He must be talking to @HillaryClinton 
You are great and I have your paintings in Tribal dress and fashion as well as you and your daughters. Om ojoshi4jishi@gmail.com
hi !
NYC
I can`t give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.
Man Of The Kenyan People,how Are You,your Exellence Hon.Barack Obama?
You would like our guns wouldn't YOU.
that good ledears must gonna be strong to control people.
Tell it to israel army

Yeah, thanks for taking NO action on gun violence during your EIGHT years as PRESIDENT!
an appropriate colour to choose, clothing next eh!
i have never see a man  that suties  sow perfekt in a suite wit the  amercian flag  as a pin  this connment  has  no seen to the  tweet wtih  piture  but i   just  hade  to wirte something    sorry if   my  s typing is  not  sow i good  i speek  english better  then i  type  it
What an exciting sentiment. We regard your dealing
Hi president Obama, i'm Vafa Mostafa, I love you very very much... good luck.

https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/update-makalah-ulumul-hadist-of-kampus.html …
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tips-mengetahui-kelayakan-blog-dan.html …
Very quiet sir
You tell that to all the people in Chicago Barack Obama
He doesn’t dare show his face there without armed guards... They’ve had enough of his .
Wear orange to remember Trump and Russia.
NRA #1
i prefer red white and blue
Hi Mr Barack Obama i hope you and your family are well. 
I applied to SIV tow years ago but I have not find any answer yet
I have 2 doghters me and my wife.if u can do something below is my email 
Anas.refah@gmail.com
Great leader

https://twitter.com/realbencarson 
Some honest heartfelt tags.  Truly caring inspiring persons.
https://twitter.com/RepMiaLove?lang=en …
https://twitter.com/alvedacking?lang=en …
I agree to vetting buying guns and banning assault rifles.
But I don't understand the hypocrisy of even when its known how much pain helpless children go through when killed in the womb, the most immense mass murder in history --- it just gets tossed aside.
Love you  #President
And always  #Respect for you
Ok .
@looking_awesome sir....i really you ....
Os ESTADOS UNIDOS, sentem a sua falta como um PRESENTE DEMÓCRIT e mais Humano. Eu também. Quando vem visitar o BRASIL, SAN SALVADOR BAHIA?. Nós estamos lhe esperando. .
shy rack dont count huh
R side lol
You and Michelle are such amazing people! You are so missed!
Thank goodness. He's gone. The terrorist miss him too.
Show your commitment @BarackObama and disarm your security staff, tear down your brand new wall. Get real!
BIG SHOW OFF
Thank You Barack Obama
President Obama posted this pic w note back in June of this year.  Republicans did nothing and we've had multiple mass shootings since then
OK, how about you having the Secret Service protect you without guns?
Nice orange tea cup!
We need to remove automatic and semi automatic weapons from general public completely.
Estimado Barack, cuando la ciencia valore la violencia como una enfermedad mental, entonces la autoestima juzgara, evolucionara el hombre
You may not want the gun violence but rather bring Muslims in w CONTAGIOUS diseases and give them money passports etc. hmm some president eh
Have you Security put all their guns down first, Then talk to us

Perhaps by isolating Chicago with a wall?
And.....nobody has a clue what you mean 
To be fair, you need to have a very high IQ to understand obama and morty

Cheers.

You remember the children of Libya, Syria, Iraq and many other countries that have died from American bombs and bullets
You're a tyrant
Nice pic.
https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
My MAN!!!
Yes on gun control!
Can you believe I know many people who voted republican just because of this one issue! Unbelievable!

melhor presidente da história exemplo de humildade exemplo de tdo um abraço senhor presidente
That's right!
By the way, didn't you tell President Trump, that you was going to give him advice when he became president ?  Haven't seen it yet .
It isn't " Gun Violence ", it is PEOPLE VIOLENCE , It takes a violent person to pull the trigger, and the gun can't do it by itself.
ignorant comment
you still President's World.
I am going to buy a new gun today. thanks ob for reminding me

mmmh
Looking like a whole snack 
you need a better cup that's says GOT SCIENCE n A++
throw that orange cup away
Miss you wish you could have had another term #ThisIsMyPres
Merci
i'm your big fan sir
