"People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love..."
"...For love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite." - Nelson Mandela
So all the drone strikes and murder of innocent men women and children were acts of love & compassion?  

At least Trump is an evil scumbag openly and doesn't try to hide behind slogans

 #hypocrite #bloodonyourhands
At least he didn't bang Stormy Daniels!
Because he's gay.
Hehehe, so, when you have a good family and you are a family man, you are gay? Really? So you are man if you harrass women and silence them with 130k cannon shots? That is a man? Really? You have to be ashamed of you and #PresidentSpanky!
Time to come together on this POTUS–he's not going to improve or show maturity or prove himself worthy of the office
The living former presidents -  Bushes, Carter, Clinton & Obama- should make a joint statement calling on the racist Trump to resign.
He is truly demented and needs to be dealt with by your country's *real* leaders before he does something terribly irreversible.
I think he already has.
As long as everyone is breathing, there's hope in there somewhere...
But Heather Heyer isn't, and that's plenty. I'm done with his daily parade of hate and lies. Done.
Move. #MAGA
You move. My family has been here since the late 1600's what about you?
My family has been here 100s of years also with ties to France and Germany.  We love our country and our president.  #MAGA
Obama Président!!!!!
#perfection #pleasecomeback
No you're right. Many are taught to hate by it's anti white racist President. You accomplished what you wanted, but in 8 yrs you will just be a bad memory.
How is he anti white when his mother is white his sister is biracial and his heaviest influences in life were his white grandparents who raised him? Just because he spoke out against police brutality and racism doesnt mean hes racist it means hes a leader, good decent human
You can believe whatever you like. I respect that. But I was brought up believing in equality, so I say he was a racist. Just because he did it with a smile means nothing to me.
U dont know what racism means. Racism is when 4 no other reason but race u hate another race if ppl. Systemic racism is a universal design mechanism that disproportionately negatively impacts a race based in hate bigotry etc. It impacts generations economically civilly extc
Thank you for the definition of racism and education. Your judgement of my knowledge of the subject shows ignorance and your feeling of ascendancy with those you don't agree. This is exactly what came from the Obama years.
Ur responses thus far indicate u dont really understand what racism means or how it affects minorities. Ur resorting to calling me ignorant shows u dont know a thing abt racism. U can bury ur gead in the sand but it doesnt change the fact that ur wrong misinformed & apathetic
I grew up in minority areas, so try and get off your pulpit. You have no idea who your talking to, so you should not try and judge what you don't seem to understand. You can live as a victim if you want, that's up to you. I'll live my life, with all it's disappointments and joys.
Growing up in minprity areas and empathizing w minorities r two different things. But will agree 2 disagree since its obvious nothing will change ur judgement. So I will end by saying God bless
That's true Sir. I've learned to hate our current President not because of the color of his skin but because of his choices to harm others.
That's a different kind of hate, isn't it? He's truly reprehensible.
Yes, a different kind of hate. My hatred of those who hate people who should be loved. When I read President Obama speeches, it warms my heart. There is so much yuck lately, we need to see more of him publicly.
That would go a long way to lowering my BP. For sure.
I watch old videos of Obama joking around or hanging out w/ citizens or even some speeches. Always helps calm me but the contrast is just so stark between him & the semi-literate "stable genius". I don't know how Trumps support isn't totally ashamed of themselves
Your the only cause of racial prejudice, you brought it back in to cause division in America--your just another P.O.S. that lied to get into Office!
Just being half black is what emboldened the racists. The nerve to be an intelligent half black man with a black wife and kids. He NEVER lied to get into office. If he had he would not have won a second term
Yes it had nothing to do with color, I voted for the liar the first time, are you still going to call me racist?  He won a second term due to all the fake votes, we all know now how corrupt the Democrats are!
That's true. But I was raised to hate you and everyone else who isn't white like me and as long as others are raised the same way that I was, we're all fucked, sir.
But you did a knocked up job of teaching us how to do it correctly didn’t you now slick
how i feel when i look at Obama & remember he's not president anymore
True. Unfortunately "the religion of piece" makes sure that you are instantly hated by millions of people if you are not a muslim
Hate is taught.
amen brother
Doesn’t he look like a superhero flying outside a school window to say hi to the citizens of the city.A silent guardian, watchful protector,
Hating people because their skin is different from mine is the worst level a rational being can sink to.
If there was any evidence of why America should have a provision legalizing a President for life, it's you. Not fair to you and your family, but hey, it's the price you pay for being you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AqXH8FGlLw … DONALD TRUMP WILL NOT TAKE US BACKWARD! #Resist  Mr. Obama....you have passed the baton to millions of U.S. citizens to safeguard our values and democracy! Rest easy as we continue the fight!
@SuzanneLepage1 why won't you just go away?

I wish I can have all those cuties
@SenSanders WE CAN  also in the place their terrible REPRESENTATION of us as Americans, let’s elevate American’s who set best example and show to us and the world what kind of people and values you and I really support.
We miss you so much, the babysitter you left us with is crazy, please come home now.
Mr. President, I hope you and Michelle are enjoying your life outside the White House. I really enjoyed the time that you resided there. We miss you both terribly and how we all felt safe while you were at the helm.
You are correct. It is a learned behavior. You learned to hate White People
Well Mr. President, you are so right. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-x90tR8-g5o … #stopracism #stophate #love #spreadlove
So right
Except for politicians, apparently!
Well said @K1monfared!
Love this man..
That SHOULD be true Mr President l, then I think of Steve Bannon. I don't know man, that dude acts like hatred is in his DNA.
I’m Retweeting this again with Mandy Patinkin’s rendition after 9/11, because this song is completely true, and it stands as written by Rogers and Hammerstein in the 1940’s. “You’ve Got To Be Carefully Taught to Hate and Fear...”.
Yes! LOVE was there 1st... in life we must go 1st... 1st to love, 1st to listen, 1st to forgive. We must go 1st to begin the chain reaction of good! I miss yourfor people. -Danibeck
They have no idea who you are or what you’ve done.
So miss you and your beautiful family!
It is pretty clear you and your party hated anyone who didn't agree with your warped sense of reality.
Lyrics from a song in the 1949 musical South Pacific.
My God. We’re in trouble @BarackObama !
Love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite 
This still remains the most liked and retweeted tweet in history. America’s first Black President quoting South Africa’s first Black President.
And I still love this picture as well & as much as love him & his great family!
I do to. President Obama was and is a great man. Trump can never take his legacy away, not one bit.
I want to get the book of Obama that is full of pictures taken of him in his time at the White House.  Family was included and it is the best.  Ny son in law was given the book for his birthday.  It is full sized pics, like 8x10!
This picture should be framed and prominently displayed in every home
Like North Korea makes everyone have a framed picture of Dear Leaders?
back off.  I certainly didn't mean it would be forced.  I'm suggesting our country would be a better place if we all valued what is being represented in this beautiful pictured
@hautahbuhgee México no tiene piernas pero camina al lado de todos saludos desde México
My all time favorite pic Sir!! Thank you and Michelle again for your outstanding, dignified service to America!!
Heal the world, make it a better.... I'll always remember Michael.
Why you creepin up on their window

Y tho
Your country misses you.
Amen
So very true!
Hello〜
The colour of your skin doesn't make you a evil person I believe in some cases it's brainwashing children at a young vunerable age and the circumstances of your upbringing,,every body is pure in heart at birth, but unfortunately it gets destroyed in some, I treasure good souls 
yet u killed your own, Gaddafi
Mrs president your talk is thrust
only 1 wish Sir, hope everyone stays like that until the last breath. NO hate NO discrimination NO prejudice.
They were breed rather than born Mr. Obama, i personally DISLIKE such regardless creed, color or religion
How much hate does is take to drone bomb children Mr Obama ? You're trash, no better or worse than your criminal murderous mates who came before and will come after you.
If we fail to suffer with those who suffer, even those of different religions, languages, cultures or different color of skin, we need to question our own humanity. This is a test from God to see if humans are accepting of these things or are full of hate. God is Love. 
100%
GO PLAYYY NOWWW
https://youtu.be/tN2qvIhIYlM 
Best president ever
Congrats on your 4,500,000  tweet!
@newlovestyles
SNOOP LET'S TOAST TO THAT!
People are taught all that hate, racism, bigotry by their families and parents!!!

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 

@pauljsmith2016
The ideas we have been fed since birth date.
thank you so much @BarackObama
who is here to see the 2 most liked tweets on twitter? *i am*
Exercise: find the odd one out.
Which of the following traits are you NOT born with?
Agreed...
And, if this tweet can get millions of people's attention, then maybe I can too.

PS...
This is what I'm working on getting to go viral...
Seeking 1 million people to donate $1 each. RT &  so this goes viral & over 1 million people see it.

If I get over a million $1 donations, I will use a portion of to create a film…
Correct.   People like you brainwash them and create racial divisions
Merci de votre compassion envers les' enfants démunis que dieu vous  bénisse
So lvle cheldin
@DylanHunt2017 
Lord we need you!
@BarackObama
@BarackObama
Beautiful picture
that is absolutely correct, we are all have the same shape irrespective the color of our skin  no one is born hating another we have to fight against human killing
Most hatred and violence comes from men
What a beautiful picture. What a memorable leader he was. There will never be a better representative for the United States of America than @BarackObama.  We were honored by his presence for 8 years. He will thrive in history. 
Ryt nice sir
Not sure if this applies to @realDonaldTrump since it's hard to imagine that anyone could have learned all of his hate after birth...!!
#TrumpRussia is heating up & #MuellerTime is getting close...!!
your Tweet was quoted by @CNBC
@realDonaldTrump this is how a REAL President speaks...my bad, you know nothing about being a real President, let alonea real human being. That is all.  Thank you @BarackObama #StillMyPresident
Except for maybe Trump.
My leader!
Absolutely Mr. President, thank you.
Life was better when the President wasn't insane.
So why did u look the other way on all the conclusions you essentially sided with black lives matter and your hate groups
Realize how much these words mean to ppl. Media @cnn @FoxNews @ABC @NBCNews should stop all the hate of commentators allow on to speak hate.
Well said.Keep up  your good work.
Thank you Mr President, your words are so refreshing!
Well said. Obama Thank you for all your hard work! You did the best you could do. 
Keep the faith brother!
It is amazing how you can be so powerful, yet so humble. Lesson for our local leaders.
#dems #p2 #tcot #maga
This is great. 
My favorite tweet.
Mine too. And it's so true. Kids do not see color.
@realDonaldTrump President Obama's tweets are liked by millions, especially this one got 4.5M likes. Do you have any tweets liked by 1M?
@ABFalecbaldwin Alec, I think you should use this comparison for your sketches in SNL. Trump is lucky if he receives 100k likes.
lol
Subscribe for amazing fact videos about the world 
subscribe & Share , get followbacks from subscribers
RIGHT MAN
ok
Real president 
Love from INDIA
Yes. Seeds are no trees. And then again that does not at all matter.
Quisiera que el mundo no discriminara.
That is American  I don’t care what anybody says I do believe you were the best president a country need it and it still needs someone like you but you need a break been there for eight years. I wish I would’ve stopped elections But I know you probably could not
هههههههههههههههههه 
But you sure start teaching your children young, that whites are to be hated because they have taken everything from you! And so it goes on and on!!
nice
Right



#racism #quote from  NM who sang about killing bhulu—white people—posted by #KingO who taught #BLM 2b #RACIST.#Irony
Well it's justified. Everything blacks have done both in USA and SA is show forgiveness to people who never apologized so...

Você é o cara
Excellent
Amigo ayuda..... Empleo
Giving a Nobel peace prize to u
Was a mockery  of peace
Tu es le meilleur sauve ton pays
Is beautifull
mandela was a commie murderer.
This is incorrect. Hate is developed based on experiences. You need to change experiences to change hate.
Hands
Beautiful picture. Thank you!
God bless you President Obama. You are truly missed.

Our Nation at CROSSROADS
As a Nation,must EMBRACE empathy
inclusion,kindness caring,equality
REJECTING hate,division,racism,bigotry
日本人のひとー
Happy #ALDUB109thWeeksary WORLDWide !
@sfkitty56 @pinkyfaye @xanria_018 @sakurakharel @Salvesayson @iam_ginghs @xanria_018 @carino_dolores 
Hello Fren @BChanXL Enjoy your day!! 
Happy #ALDUB109thWeeksary 
Do not forget to look at  Egyptian children  who were killed by Muslim Brotherhood  who  you supported them to spread blood in Egypt
President of blood. .
President of Blood
President of Terrorism
President of injustice
President of the spread of wars

حلوة الصورة
هحطها في عينه هو واللي شغالين يمدحوه في تويتة يستحقها
للأسف ده الواقع اللي وصل ليه العالم العربي بسببه هو وأمثاله
God curse him
I am surprised that all thousands of people admire his words 
Be of some hope dear, there are more of us aware of his global position and desire to corrupt. His lewdness and arrogance behind the camera.

Awww
Makes me so sad  I can't believe we are stuck in this nightmare with a racist psychopath:(
I agree with you Sherin , it is sad !  President Obama was the man !  Most loved president in history ! Now wonder Trump is so jealous
He should be, he'll never get respect because of how he conducts himself.. it's horrible

O u r making fun of ur own kind interesting
#altleft minions

That kid has longer fingers than Donald Trump!!
Great Mr. President....
Trump's top tweet at 150k was about a taco bowl.
@Bunnysrk1
Yes indeed
This is the most liked tweet on Twitter's history..
Miss the man!
GO AWAY!

Why are they so many murders in your hometown with the strictest gun laws.Couldn't do anything in 8yrs?
THE WRATH OF THE AWAKENED SAXON
by Rudyard Kipling

It was not part of their blood,
It came to them very late,
With long arrears to make good,
When the Saxon began to hate.
... Or her
Obastard peeking through the window
Ojalá Que La Gente Aprenda Como Poner Sus Diferencias Aparte. El Odio No Conseguies En Cualquier Lugar.
Barack iloveu 
                                  Live Long Ameen
its true sir
Ojalá que el futuro esté libre de racismo
Sieteme es muy muy cierto.
Thank you president, it is really true Congratulations from France ,Miss you and your wife too
http://adsenselife.com/?r=hendra 
No one is born religious either. Indoctrination.
Obama was born not hating anyone just a country..........the USA.
Lol please. I would love for you to explain in detail why Obama was the worst?
He hated America he goal was to destroy the greatest country in the world which he tried for 8 yrs but wasn't smart enough to do it
Ur anti-Christ n pro-muzzl'm stances r evidence of ur hatred 4 the former n ur love 4 the latter. U mock Christ, but O the "sweet sounds of a muzzl'm prayer". But muzzl'm prayer is chanting 2 the devil; nothing less.
How do you know what a newborn baby is thinking?  You shouldn't make statements as if they're facts, when you know they're impossible to prove.  We can only hope that it's true.
There is a difference between hating and fearing being taken over

#KindnessinIslam is the most important codes of ethics.

https://goo.gl/vBxz6S 

…
correct. Humans are "taught" racism/hate/greed/corruption. If youre a terrible human and you have children, odds are youll teach those children to be as terrible as you. Nature vs Nurture? Nurture wins every time. WE MISS YOU MAN!!!
With practice & a lot of reading, one day the #moron currently resident at the #WhiteHouse may respond to tragedy with the measured class, wisdom & intelligence shown by #PresidentObama here. It’s very doubtful though
Mano volta por favor sendo o presidente dos Estados Unidos, Trump tá cagando todo o estado
*país
We miss you soooo much.. Thank you, sir, for being presidential..
Exactly... Obama earned the hate we have for him based on his attempts to destroy America
And who say that? -the man who instituted ISIS
So true,children are taught to act that way ,though if we all come together ,we as grown adults can teach love and understanding so we can love one another 
Correct. You learn that from lefties.
word...  So very true
But u were born to hate America Mr Bama
I learned while growing up in a black neighborhood that generally speaking black people do seem to have a different understanding or culture that seems to hold them down. I tried and worked hard so I could leave and live in a better place while most of them didn’t. Why is that?
Privilege, opportunity amongst other reasons I am unfamiliar with
I agree. Mr Obama, you are awesome!

