An announcement from President Obama: get ready for the inaugural Obama Foundation Summit. https://www.obama.org/summit  
U are the only president who will be remembered for sure than the current one
Weldon best personality in this cruel world..
I'm in
how....can....i...work...here?
I felt safe with you as our president. Now I feel anxious all the time. Thank you for posting this. It gives me hope!
You are still a tremendous inspiration to America!  Moreso then our current president for sure!
I only wish there was a way for you to come back!
Please go away, we beg you!
Could this be his 3rd inaugural address?
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus shows that #SaintRampalji is the changer & savoir. He has been sent by #lordkabir to give salvation 2 devotees
Great work Mr president

Four more years Mr. President. 
Please come 'be South African President
参加したいのに操作できない　ごめんね
You should of did something like this during your presidency
1 corrupt Foundation shuts down (Clinton) & another opens behind it. If he runs his foundation the way he ran America it will be broke soon.
Last time he inspired and empowered we got Trump.
I miss you so much
Love this man!!!!
Thank you Obama. I have a feeling this is going to be the best foundation yet
Meanwhile Nancy Pelosi is writing Trump's speeches
You have done more good for this country than all the Republicans in the last 50 years combined


Obama has a very joyful laugh. I miss him so much as president!
I'm glad he can destroy the country anymore.
I would love to donate this one of a kind handmade fidget spinner to your @ObamaFoundation
Let it reach us the Zimbabwean,,
Thank you thank you  ty 
Oh jeez. Globalists and their foundations. 
Michelle? Or Mike? What did you do to Joan?
Hi , How are you men!?
You both already inspire us each and every day!
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982898823705096192 … 2685
Did you like itt ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/QfGonF 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/QfGonF 
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time 
…
Like the Clinton foundation. ??!??????????
This will be a great way to personally en-RICH yourselves just like the @ClintonFdn does for @BillClinton @HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton
Keep leading by example!  Regards to sweet @MichelleObama-You both exemplify ethics and integrity.  There will never be another like you! 
You ever see pics or footage of Michelle giving birth?

...good news for world. better news for people'.
Please come back and be our president 
Obama 2020!?!  (I know it can’t happen, but if 45 used the Russkies to get elected, why can’t you have a 3rd term? Seems fair enough.)

Always believing in you 
We don’t need that monstrosity that you want to build, in Chicago. Spend every penny you have and stop the killing!!! Your building doesn’t stop the murders.
Obama foundation = clinton foundation = SCAM!
Common core is the dumbest shit ever created thanks for screwing our children
Come back to byward market it was a pleasure meeting you Mr. President.
@SenToddYoung
@SenDeanHeller 
@SenBobCorker 
@SenBobCasey 
@SenSchumer 
@SenatorMenendez 
@SenatorCollins 
@SenatorMenendez
@SenatorLeahy @SenTomCotton 
@RandPaul 
@SenToomey 
@SenatorWicker 
@SenTedCruz 
@SenatorWicker 
#releasethememo 
#RedWaveRising

"Trying to touch the world 1 person at time". #beautifullygifted
السلام معكم واكل عام ونتم بخير يعم تم عليكم الزالة ترنبو مالم سيتم في المريكه فتن مثل هادء اهان بلدي
Just wanted to share. I'm not American but thank you for what you did and you endeavoured to do and still want to.The worst came true unfortunately in US lately, after all your efforts is unacceptable I'm afraid. Wish the best for this world in the future. Tnks President Obama 
Learned from the Clintons
I am one of those rabid followers! So what?
With a Congress that fought him and publicly berated him? I don't think so!
The first two years were spent cleaning the mess W made and saving a country. Remember he took us to the brink of collapse.
Etc
How are you & Michael doing now a days? Still dividing people by race? Jeremiah Wright, Frank Marshall Davis, Saul Alinsky must be so proud.
No one divides more than your party SIR!  If you are going to be on social media and expel stupidities, stay in your lane, son!
You're the best President GOD BLESS YOU. AND YOUR FAMILY
Why didn’t you stop the Russians from interfering in our democracy? Please respond, this has affected my opinion of your presidency.
Even stupid lives matter! MAGA

.@ObamaFoundation .@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic .@Obamacare
To change the world, start from Africa dear président.
We, the American people, want you to go far, far away. You're done, and we're making America great again.
Eight years was enough of that man
You can get started by telling the truth!
Gintel man

Like the crooked h foundation. No thanks. Go away.
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …
@BarackObama @ObamaFoundation
Habari za kazi mh  Rais mstafu 
Ongera hadi sasa kuwa Raisi bora kwa taifa kubwa la Marekani 
Bado vijana kutoka African tunahitaji support
I really miss seeing you in the White House handsome?
I like your mission. http://www.demogos.com  #bethechange #bethetrust
.
Thanks Mr. President for your service.your steps are ordered by the Lord. You will hear the words from our Lord well done.
Can't believe you look up to this guy @Lordwarkworth, he is/was a twin of Tony Blair. Lets have another dinner party to thrash this out! x
In that he is a positive player, yes. I don't go for negative politics. 
True, but I also think honesty and integrity are required in a world leader! Something he was/is sadly deficient in! xxx
Quiciera que Volviera. Saludos Bendiciones.
Hgf driver
He said he doesn't care if the election system is fixed if it works in his favour, and encouraged violence against non-trump voters
Another foundation launched by a corrupt former President. I'm sure your girls are looking forward to getting their weddings paid for too.
And you really have no idea how creepy your Twitter stalking of me is. I appreciate the compliment, but I'm just not that into you.
No worries. I'm into people with intelligence. Buh-Bye. #OlderChickTryingToLookYoung
I hope you won't mind if I don't cry.
Come back
Clinton Foundation copy cat? So you can live like a king? Good try, but I don't think so.
Yes we miss you.
Have you ever read my
I'm sick of your battles for money, what do you and Michelle was doing to went from broke to new millionaires

pay back the money you owe

As leader of the Regime you put your 2 cents in without knowing facts when it involved people of color. Weinstein you were silent for 5 days
Communism can not stand scrutiny!
Keep this up. God bless you.
Nice
Ooh!  A foundation. Hope you give more than the 5% the Clintons give from their "foundation"
Great
Empower inspire wonderful trigger words for someone that didn't do anything for years
Please help us President Obama!!
Wow, did you watch today's speech by President Trump at the UN? That is what an American President looks like. Historical. #MAGA
I believe that devoting your life to such a transcendent good, you can remove yourself from the labyrinth.There are some innocent people
Michael you mean -Joan Rivers words. Your a traitor stealing like Saul Alinsky giving it to the U.N. richest-war creators. Thieves.
Come back pleasssse#
You doing a nice job sir
I hope it doesn't gain the same reputation as the Clinton Foundation

ما شاء الله منور سيادة الرئيس السابق
The world needs to know this: Brazilian judge uses fake documents against Lula. Coup in Brazil.
Ex-Odebrecht lawyer Tacla Duran incriminates Lavajato op and judge Moro for using FAKE DOCS against Lula (PORT): http://jornalggn.com.br/noticia/xadrez-sobre-a-falsificacao-de-documentos-na-lava-jato-por-luis-nassif … 
hmmm fonte desse tal delator do Moro não é mtu confiável não.
Pay to Play??
I wish I'd known about this sooner!  I am on the mailing list now so I hope not to miss anything else!  Thanks for your continued hard work.
Is that like the Clinton foundation.
Clinton foundation we now know 2014 990 tax form. 337 million in foundation. 32 mil paid out 4 charity. THAT'S ONLY 9.7%.Watch Obama's 990
How Can a thinktank like http://www.urd.org  collaborate with yr fondation. Are trying to launch  transatlantic dialogue on aid
Then is there any sent des for that sire
You're my mentor. I'm a senior. It all matters. Thank you.
Ex-President!
He's sorry!
Pssst!...Rumor going around (and growing)...that You may well have been The Most Corrupt President in America's History!...Care to comment??
ohh uncle Obama we miss you so much
Oh God, now YOU two fraud's are starting a foundation?  More $ theft? Why not The Soetoro Foundation? Don't you have to use your real name??

You realize that was a doctored student Id right?
That ID is a part of the permanent collection of The BHO Presidential Library...
No, it is not. It’s a complete fake

You always inspire the world and we believes you!'
Come back Barack Obama all's forgiven impeach trump now yours sincerely Ziggy Marley from Leicestershire in England respect to you obarms
I hope you discuss & resolve humanitarian crisis in #Yemen you started supporting Saudi/UAE killing with weapons & siege/starvation/diseases
He's going to finally get around to worrying about Chicago? Please!
We love you so much. Thank you for your inspiration. We miss you dearly.
Love you and miss you President Obama!
What a mess you left . Are you still insulted by Hillary losing ??
Obama Foundation  work  for developing  undeveloped  people  and in courage  to make things in proper direction
By taking money from the overly taxed and giving it to your friends on k syreet
I miss you, Michelle, and the Bidens, everyday. So proud to have voted for you!

Maybe yours will be real unlike the Clinto crime foundation. Always have to wonder about progressives.
سلام عمي بارك اوباما انشاء الله راك مليح انت ومرتك وبناتك نحبوك بزاف عمي بارك اوباما from alg
Why did you silence the ethnic cleansing of Rohingya Muslim Myanmar?
We, America have been very good to you, do us a favor and give up trying to destroy our great country, and just fade out!
"True radicals don't show their radical side; they show up to work wearing suit and tie" -Saul Alinskey
Please go away.  Play golf, you loved doing it when we were paying you.  Show some class.
Just another con-profit !
Obama is back doing what he does best , community organizer or in other words trouble maker!
I'm old enough to remember when we had a President that I was proud of.. Seems so long  ago! Sad!
You want to do something, how about you fix all the senseless killing of people in "your" city of Chicago.  That would make a difference.
How much money did you get to kill baby's
Great work! You are an inspiration for millions!
Who holds an inaugural summit for a foundation? Hilary and Bill can tell you how it's done! Crooked politicians are pathetic! Go America!
So you are taking a play out of the Clinton handbook and setting up a future play to pay scheme.
You messed up the country now you want to mess up the world, go golfing
Im running a small project called #Universelles to share women's stories and drive changes. Have a look at it! @UniversELLES12
Hello
I LOOV YOU OBAMA
Great one again!
Miss the Obama's!with you on Foundation.
Ah....another democratic "foundation"....
I miss his laugh also,Now we have to look at,well you know!!
You are the greatest
It's only so you can launder money.
Thank good of you
Thank you! Feeling hopeful again!!
http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … tftfyt
And I miss our America under your leadership and example. I don't even think I've seen anyone in DC smile since like September 2k16 
News flash: The temporary absence in US leadership ceased in January of 2017.
DID NOT DO IT AS PRESIDENT>> I guess better late then never!! You are a joke!
Yeah
He means Michael and him would like to thank you
Good job....God bless you mr obama
Jey
Joke!!
We register now new members from all over the world to join us in illuminati for wealth creation. If interested call me on +254712467982 now
be like the clinton foundation,start the hookups.get bill and hillary as your advisers.
This is good news
It's former president Obama!!!  And it's a little too late!!!  Thank God for term limits.  Should be applied to all. Damage beyond fixing!!
I miss you
Great stuff hope you will extend the mentorship across the globe in Africa, also do a lesson on leadership for http://www.mylearningacademy.com 
