FRIDAY DEADLINE: This week is your last chance to sign up for affordable 2018 health coverage. Go to http://HealthCare.gov  and #GetCovered today! 
Not only health care but does will this country ever promote dental care like they want everyone in US to get health care coverage.. Having bad teeth can create health problems... And dental plans and dental care is very expensive.. It goes hand in hand but NOCares
agree totally .... as well as Vision plans ...
I'm sure our little comments never get no where though you have to be known or have a voice where people are willing to listen...thanks for the comment @MJJJusticePrjct 
Don't ever give up- "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has." - Margaret Mead
I love the quote.. Gives me motivation 
Let's make Trump fail again!  Let's all sign up for ObamaCare!
We miss you Mr. Obama!  Please save America!
I had a dream last night that you busted into the White House, and through handcuffs on Trump.  Then you said, "This one is for all Americans!"  Then I woke up, and realized that we still can count on you even though you aren't in the White House.
Thank you for everything you do.  Thank you for trying to prevent Trump from hiring Michael Flynn, and thank you for standing up for American values for all Americans, not just white males with orange skin.
ObamaCare has helped my family tremendously -- between the birth of my children, a surgery for one of my children, and an illness in my family.  Thanks so much!
Must be making pretty good money. How nice for you.
Huh? I'm workingclass & got reasonable rates thru http://healthcare.gov  after paying insanely high rates thru individual market b4 that. One reason individual rates are lower thru Marketplace - individual & small group insured are pooled like those of u w/ins thru employers
RT If you miss Obama
I miss him and I’m British and live in the UK!!!!!
I know! We’re sorry!
awe. sorry the democratic corruption lost its power?
We did great in Alabama last night.
Yeah we did!! 
I was so happy last night. I mean really really happy I couldn’t sleep!!!
Right! Me either! I got up and happy danced all day today! 


Normal father=Obama Abnormal father =Trump. Notice Trump’s mouth is partially OPEN 
Yuck!! I almost threw up. That is disgusting. Please could we have some class back in The White House.  I use to be so proud to see  President Obama walk in a room  he was just smart, kind and always spoke well.I also miss The First Family just classy people.
I do 2. Compassionate intelligent empathetic dignified he is missed every second of everyday!!!
Thank you!
You still are An Awesome Leader ...We miss you
So if Biden runs for POTUS and wins will you become VP? Because that would be awesome!
Thank you, sir
My job is processing documents for people applying for coverage in NYS! Love my job and I’m so proud of what I do!
That's FANTASTIC!! I hope your proud of the hard work you do
Sometimes I get things like handwritten letters submitted detailing peoples’ health situations. Families with kids and moms with stage 4 cancer. Insane stuff. They wouldn’t be able to afford anything if not for the ACA.
Thank God for you and those like you. Your hard work and dedication to your job is so incredibly important to people's lives. Very proud of you
Thank you so much you’re overwhelming me hahaha!!!

Come back!
Saddens me that @JOHNNYSWIM retweeted this..
Saddened you that we retweeted something that can help an uninsured person get insurance? Saddened you that a sick person may be able to get help they otherwise wouldn’t be able to?? Help saddens you? Maybe don’t follow us.
What about the other side of the story? What about the people like my wife and I who struggled through infertility for over 2 years to finally get pregnant and because of insurance premiums ( Obamacare ) are having to pay 1000s of dollars just to have our dream.
Adopt. There are so many children that need homes. If you only want a child with your genes, then unfortunately that's expensive.
Plan on doing that too God willing, however adoption in nearly every case is even more expensive than infertility treatments.
There is no perfect system and AC is not by far but it’s benefits are better than anything else... you have to look at greater for all.
I pay three times more. It’s not fair to me and my family. The few who benefit and get free care it’s great but not payers. Government should never be in the health care business. They already screwed up SS and everything else they touched. They’re inefficient n thrives.
I would say that Single payer in America has a long way to go in order for it to work for everyone. I'd say just be patient with it.
I miss you so much it hurts 
If health care prices wasn't so inflated due to obamacare maybe you could get that looked at
Dearest Russian troll, the correct English format of what you were trying to say is: “If health care costs weren’t so high due to Obamacare, maybe you could get that looked at.”
Thank you for being you.
There is nothing affordable about this farce ACA ! You fined people millions for not signing up ! You should be ashamed to even tweet this and @POTUS will repeal and replace #MAGA
No one wants your dictator health scam.  In the next year they won't even know u were in the white house.  Lol  #obamaworstprez
I miss having a thoughtful caring president.
I love you
Thank you Mr President our current president is lost in his ego
Sorry Barack Hussein Obama but your Unaffordable Health Act is way too expensive for me. I just can’t afford it, know what I mean?
@GetUSCovered Please watch over us! Man we miss you 
Forca América.
Wowssss
Sign up for $1500/mo premiums and $5000 deductibles. Great program like many govt programs. If they stop subsidizing they fail miserably.
Crippled? Seriously? What a drama queen. The fine is negligible. If you're that broke,  get a job or apply for Medicaid
Negligible? You don’t know this persons situation. There’s a myriad of reasons why one could define the mandate fee as crippling.
The penalty is $695 a YEAR. If you define $695 a year as crippling, you are most likely eligible for Medicaid, & shouldn't be too proud to accept it... rather than costing ordinary taxpayers in higher premium fees bc you go to ER when sick
Actually, the penalty is $695 OR 2.5% of your AGI, whichever is greater...and it goes up for 2017.
But seriously, currently u have to be making more than $66,000 for penalty to be higher than $695.00. If a Dem making $66,000 said they couldn't afford insurance or wld be crippled by paying $695 penalty, you'd be ridiculing them & telling them to stop wasting $ & pay their bills
People/families sometimes have resource depleting trajedies or other life situations that happen. It’s a hard choice for a fam living to. Especially when the deductible is so high anyway. (“Do I pay thousands for a “what if” or roll dice & scramble to pay the fine?”)
Also, a lot of the ones complaining are having to buy “individual plans” which are very expensive. These are small business owners, sub-contractors, seasonal/temporary/part-time workers.
We miss you!
We miss you so bad!
Why are you still promoting this failed system that is making healthcare unaffordable for the masses???
Think you can do better? Bring it!!!!
Well, we're waiting for an answer.
It’s quite easy to do better. A simple elimination of the law will be an improvement.
Oh boy!! You're clueless. Without the law, millions would be without health insurance, genius. Insurance companies would be able to drop u if u got sick and wouldn't have to cover u if u had preexisting illness. Try again.
Did you know: with the law, millions are without health insurance. And those who have it are paying higher rates than ever before. Is a healthcare law of some kind needed in the US? Probably. But the #ACA is broken from start to finish.
Fix it. Better than having nothing. Fix it!!!!
The law, as it is written cannot be fixed. It’s easier to repeal and replace. That is not an endorsement of ANY republican plan that was offered up. Can we do better? Yes. But the #ACA and all plans that have been offered up since are NOT good enough.
Optimistic MPMPHD1 #PLEASE SIGN UP FOR ACA (OBAMA CARE)!
Listen, MrPresident...as long as the 'country first' GOP overlooks rules, laws, etiquette, moral values, Christian values, common decency, etc...you should run, again! What do we have to lose?!
Please come back!
I’m beggginnnggggg!!! 

Can you come back to the presidency? I won't tell anyone that you were already President. It will be our secret.
Trump voters care more about the national anthem and the flag more than a 14 year old girls daughters sisters mothers but will they care the same if Democrat were the one been accused? and I didnot hear such defend for Bill Cosby http://www.soyouknow.info/blog/donaldtrumproymoorevoters …

We love you. Please help us.
All the very best to your noble cause undertaken so whole-heartedly!
You and everything you tried with your phone and your pen is a failure. Slink away! Those w/conscience would. "...obviously we didn’t do a good enough job, and I regret that"~BHO 2013. "Consumers Still Face Obamacare Website Glitches For 2018 Health Care"
I don’t know who you are but please don’t tweet me
I didn't tweet at you. *Twitter PSA to follow* <=== Addressee / All Others (presume cc: ) ===> *
i can prob my self president Barack Obama
Thanks again President Obama for the best health insurance this working class small business owner has ever had!  Signing up was super easy & I was approved on the spot. 

& you are #StillMyPresident bc right now we have a stain on American history occupying the Oval Office

If ACA is so great, why not cover all government workers and Government representatives under plan?
I think we should call it the Unaffordable Healthcare Act. Premiums up 200% and deductibles up 400%. Thousands of dollars out of our pockets. And you STILL have to pay out of pocket if you get hurt or sick. Only thing they cover is if you only need a physical.
Forcing working Americans to buy health insurance they didn't want or couldn't afford. That is what a real dictator does!
So glad he’s gone.  Now only if he would shut up.
Thank you Mr. President!
May I ask a Question Sir?
Ppl have said trump isnt worthy 2 clean the toilettes in your library, your thoughts Sir?
Personally Mr. President Obama,I think its the perfect job for donnie!
Just curious as to your thoughts?
Whats minimum wage at now?

The dismantling by Trump is beautiful.
My wife and I are signing up for the first time and the cheapest premium is $1100 per month.....way too expensive.
@taymocha @GetUSCovered  Who in the world can afford Obamacare ?  Seriously
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @seanhannity @CNN . TO: Mr. Obama, instead of working while YOU WERE OUR @POTUS, you enjoyed the PERKS of being POTUS, and ALMOST SUNK AMERICA.  NOW, YOU are TOO LATE & BILLIONS of dollars short. IT IS TIME FOR YOU TO BE SILENT. MERRY CHRISTMAS!

Can’t afford it.
Keep our doctors if we like them, is this the same plan!? Haven't you done enough damage to our country!? Please, just go away....forever!
Get real
Hey, Mr. BO how'd that work out for you?  Sucks doesn't it.  Many are still recovering from your time in the WH.  I bet you have good health care?
Is this yet another money making scheme just like the DNC voter fraud?
Can't wait to see you charged with sedition, HIGH TREASON, TERRORISM, espinage, EMBEZZLEMENT, countless violations of the Logan Act ect, arrested, tried, convicted and inprisoned for life no parole.
Why do we need insurance or health care?
We need Need Cancer free organic food...
Prevention is better than Cure!?
But you are Forcing people to get Sick to Drain their money...and if people say this...you say he is a freek...Y USA never uses Eastern Medicine?
It cheaper
I signed up! I am grateful to have insurance coverage!!! Thank you President Obama!
Unaffordable ocare harms hardworking American taxpayers and businesses
Can't afford your Obama Care. I been paying fine for nothing
OMG. http://Healthcare.gov  what a fuqing disaster.
Everyday #45 is in office, I realize how blessed I was to have you as the President of our country. I truly miss you!
I am reading this thread and it is amazing to me that any reasonable American still supports your BS. You DO realize however.....reasonable Americans DO NOT! See you in a orange jumpsuit soon! Take extra KY
Thank you again @BarackObama you are fantastic
Rush Limbaugh Explains How ‘Obama Weaponized the FBI Against Trump’ http://truthfeednews.com/rush-limbaugh-explains-how-obama-weaponized-the-fbi-against-trump/ … via @truthfeednews

This is great!
I told you I was digging deep so I could look you in the eye. Here's an excerpt to my 1st draft my inaugural letter as 42nd @USSenate to be read next year in Washington. Full length version on my @facebook Can we go surfin' now? @JoeBiden @RepJohnYarmuth
Here's the deal there's no solid in this world I could do you like #Constitutionalization #Obamacare that's #Forever #EngravedInStone #Permanent that's how much I respect you #APlaceAtTheTable
I miss you everyday! You were a beacon of hope for us all. Thank you for still being here for us. #thisismypresident
Your failed policies have led, in some measurable part, to the death of my cousin. Now my family's long term survival is at risk because if this joke of a policy. Thanks. Too soon?
How much cocaine have you snorted today, druggie Obama? I see the Apple doesn't fall far from the tree!
Are you kidding me???  You are still pushing this crap ?  shm
They ain't working hard enough
Obamacare like your entire legacy is fading fading away! 

#MAGA
#GOPTaxPlan
624.00 a month is not affordable Mr Obama
@POTUS knows how to get things done. Finally.
Middle class and young hard working adults no longer have to pay for everyone else. Continuing to push your scam shows you are, and have always been, completely incompetent.
Now that it’s not mandated to get your crappy healthcare let’s see just how many millions drop out of your precious O’care
Thanks to you and Democrats in Congress,I can no longer afford health insurance for myself and my wife.
My premiums are outrageous, thank you

You are guilty of crimes against America and the truth about your insider plans will be made know.

I'm waiting for my 2,500$ saving certificate. Is it on its way ?
Pamelama,
Its bad when nonAmericans are counting their government pay before they get it, isn't it?
I think it's bad that non Americans are ACTUALLY  getting government PAY. People are just accepting this as the norm. IT'S  NOT.  I believe more than half who are on GOV assistance.are able to WORK even a little while of the day.
Thank God the mandate is gone, people that can’t afford the affordable care shouldn’t have to pay a fine. What a lame idea.
My family's insurance went from $6,000 a yr to $17,000 yr deductible was $250 now its $3000. So, in order for Medical bills to be paid I'm paying $20,000. Not 1 single doctor likes Obamacare. Why don't u have it?
Thank you for everything you continue to do to help Americans!
OK Ed just wait & see what happens to U when Trump repeals UR Ibama care completely gone...Make sure to tweet me & let me know how it’s going for you. #JustWait&See
I don’t use #Obamacare - fortunately for me..
Please feel free to tweet me again when you finally realize @realDonaldTrump is making America great again 
Ok..so as long as U have healthcare U could care less about any other American. That’s the difference between U & me. I care about all Americans U care about you.
I was never comfortable with expanding government handouts to include this Obamacare fiasco. We already have more handouts programs than we need.
I believe that charity is best delivered and most effective when it is done on an individual basis.
No more penalties. Getting tax relief and now I can afford health care. It’s amazing what you can do when your government does the RIGHT thing. #maga
You may have had good intentions initially, but health insurance rates are off the charts as a result of ACA
Thank you for your continued work for the country. We appreciate you more than you will ever know. And miss you more than that!
U r disturbing and worst President in history
Wouldn't you really like to know what was in Obama's sealed records from his past. He spent over a million to make sure we didn't know. Could Trump open them for us? I bet he could.
Thank you s President Obama’s for Obamacare. Even though it has its problems over all it has helped the lower income families and single women like me 63 plus that can’t afford health care because they can’t get any jobs ! We miss you! We love you! Merry Christmas to you and fan!
#fanniegate used to fund Obamacare must be repaid. Please stop the theft and #freefannie back to the shareholders

Watching Trump run circles around Obama is magnificent. I mean what is left of the Obama “legacy”? Obamacare dead, TPP gone, Paris Accord out, NAFTA renegotiated, Iran deal decertified, regulations being GUTTED, war on coal & Cuba policy reversed, deportations up, & Keystone PL.
https://youtu.be/RkTbtZJj3V0  
The logan act
@GetUSCovered I’m tired of paying “high premiums” and I think 300 million people are as well too!! In order
Is it midnight Friday?
大統領もう１度できないですか？このままでは戦争になりそうで怖いです。
Unfortunately this healthcare Is poor to say the least...Most people are not affected b/c we have healthcare in the  private sector but My friend in NJ has this lousy ins. coverage & his monthly premiums went from 740 to a 1000 & he has limited coverage,  & he gets no subsidies
still waiting for that 2500 dollar savings...oh btw I was not allowed to keep my  doctor
My healthcare went up $7200 a year. What happened to the $2500 savings you promised over and over again?
Liar
My president. Boy do we miss you!!!

You gotta be kidding. No thx
Thank you for everything you do
Honestly the best and most affordable health coverage I’ve ever held thanks to @BarackObama
Lol!!! Those poor folks felt like they didn't have a choice. Guess what?? Now they do! Wonder how many will change their minds??
You did enough you ruined our healthcare as we knew so you could get Ins for everyone that nearly broke the people trying to pay for it and now they won’t have to pay for the mandate that you put in there and broke people to pay for people that don’t work
Thanks for the worst health care plan ever!

How much does one year of health insurance cost in America?
For 8 years he talked about hope and change. 

He must’ve meant the 8 years after he left office.
Obama care go to hell
You are No longer Potus. Go away!
ACA didn’t/doesn’t work for me. That’s OK- not meant for everyone. I’ll be glad when penalties disappear- if they do.
Classic Tweet:
Imagine you’re a sitting President. You pick your successor, weaponize the FBI, DOJ & IRS against the opponent. You control 90% of the media. You have 2X the ad budget, you collude with foreign powers against challenger, & you lose to a reality TV Star you claim is beneath you.
Your healthcare plan is garbage just like ur legacy.
Like he's still president. Guidance and absolutely glorious complete sentences.
My husband and I are happily covered so are my father, mother and uncle.  Grateful to have solid insurance as a small business owner!
President Obama we miss you so much. Cannot believe how much our country and its reputation have been denigrated this past year.

Socialist

Obama Care is a joke. It’s sadden when a 90 yr old black man in Mississippi loses his med coverage due to Obamacare Care and his insurance is dropped, then his hospital bed gets repossessed and sleeps on the floor. Thanks Hussein Obama.
You and Hillary are the guests who won't leave.
Not even the president anymore, and still doing the presidents job. Obama is the truth, the real deal! We need you back brother!
Goooo brarack Obama
No thanks!
Mr. President, what do you think about the new tax bill?
PEOPLE; stop believing what you are told by a political party. It has history of lying, game playing, cheating etc. in order to win.  Research the history of such a political party (HRC).  Pay attention to what is ... you will win. Tax cuts real. Corruption - DEMOCRATIC PARTY WAY
Obummer care is done
Obama Care is dead! Tax cuts for everyone! Thank you President Trump! Merry Christmas! ;-)
Did you receive the #Memo they want your #NobelPeacePrize returned they found you 2 be unworthy just like when you lived in the @WhiteHouse
obamacare SUCKS.. ONLY HELPS ILLEGAL ALIENS.. NOT THE MIDDLE CLASS.
I'm a proud black British of Nigerian heritage. Obama was fully incompetent. A true fraud! Blinded by liberalism. The doctrine of Lucifer.
You’re not the Potus thank GOD go away and stay irrelevant like always #WorstPresidentEver #Fraud #Phony
Bye bye Mandate
I’d love to see you as the “First Gentleman” in the White House.
You are so out of touch with reality. Heath care is out of control they are all in in to get rich at the expense of the tax payer . These hospitals and drug companies are only looking to get as many people as possible on some sort of expensive drug or procedure profit from..
OBAMA CARE IS DEAD IN THE WATER! NO LEGACY HERE!
Hey, thanks for fucking up the Health Care Sytem! I went from having a $500 deductible to a $5000 deductible.
Hell no! Obama care sucks!!
REPEAL OBUMMER CARE !!!
Blah, Blah! Pres. Obama, when are you going to return the Pulitzer Prize you were asked to return?
Health coverage or Obamacare?  With its big deductibles, Obamacare really isn’t health coverage (insurance).
HA! Watch Liberals LOVING the GOP Tax Plan When They Think It’s Bernie’s http://truthfeednews.com/ha-watch-liberals-loving-the-gop-tax-plan-when-they-think-its-bernies/ … … via @truthfeednews
Do you pay for yours and if you can't afford are you paying the massive amounts in penalties piece of corrupt lying liberal Democrat destroying *hit

Worse president in history
 bye bye Unaffordable Care penalty. I didn’t sign up for Crap  Care. Now don’t have to pay a fine for insurance I can’t afford. This is us telling you 
You're referring to the Obama Care mess? The one you promised would not effect which Dr we could choose, our premiums not going up, everything would stay the same. This sham is what you'll be remembered for.
In CA the deadline has been extended to Dec. 22. Go to https://www.coveredca.com/ 
#ACAEnrollment #Healthcare
Individual mandate and forced tax, gone for good.   I bet that Stings Mr. Obama.
I don't know what you can do, but our country needs major help. We can't put all our eggs in the "Mueller Basket". They predicate everything they do saying it's the "will of the American people".  SO many of us don't agree with ONE thing they've done. Sucks not having u as Prez
Plump,
Here's a truth test you can perform: The Tax Cut Act demwits called Armageddon. Check out what your taxes will be!
Oh please .. yawn. Tax cuts my ass. Oh wait.. you mean Trump! Yes he will tax cuts, and large corporations. Yep, you’re right about that Yahweh.
Mr. Obama, thank you for your continued, selfless service to the American people. You are a true leader, a unifying Force, and a source of hope. You’re like the best message from Star Wars, personified! We love you, keep up the hard work, and never be afraid to resist!! Stand up!
Because of Obama “care”, I no longer can afford some medications. You, will go down in history, as worse president of greatest country in the world. You didn’t win, you were placed there and failed the Globalist, and/or Satan himself.
As people the world we got to keep trying out best keep focusing on what you think is right have enough faith we hope we will
@BarbraStreisand President Obama, I had no clue how much this helps Americans until I had to apply! Thank you so much. I will now have Health Insurance in 2018 because of you and your wonderful team of Democrats, God bless you, and God bless America 
I voted for this  What was I thinking. What healthcare 
Come back 
Why don't you sign your black ass up for obama care bitch?
Sir  thanking you very much sir for kind service to nook  and corner of the society for the world
You’re joking Huh....Your legacy of Attempting to Destroy America has been “TRUMPED” Merry Christmas!  Now sit down and Zip It Barry!! #MAGA #repealobamacare #   Thanks @realDonaldTrump !! 
u re so good my god will bless you okay
thank you President Obama.
