Hi mr Obama I don’t suppose you want to come to the Welsh valleys and help regenerate a fantastic place with fantastic people
Thanks
Have you heard the fantastic LP by Public Service Broadcasting about the mining communities in the the Welsh Valleys, Every Valley brilliant
No mate
Do listen, some of the spoken word in it will bring a tear to your eye. Great people.
Thanks  I will
Do, you won't be disappointed. Let me know what you think when you do.

Bless birthday to Michelle obama
Oh good ole Chicago. The city you caused racial divide in for 8 years. Shame on you! Go back there and live!
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/canbangladesh-turn-their-form-around.html …

President Obama (forever my President!) please  convince Michelle to run for President in 2020! She would make a fantastic POTUS!  PLEASE!
#Obamacare #ObamaFoundation now #ObamaSummit ? Lmao ..Damn,does everything corrupt named after u? 
#ObamaWiretapping #ObamaGate
Sad hate will eat you alive.


Obama, I miss you. America misses you!
The entire world misses you @BarackObama!
My president until further notice...
Your leadership to help Chicago is a stark contrast to @realDonaldTrump's.

Thank you for showing the way!
Hello, #ObamaSummit! Thrilled to host civic leaders in Chicago from all over the world. Follow along at @ObamaFoundation.


salam

Catalonia generates one fifth of Spain's GDP... so what would the country look like without it? 
Will be thrilled seeing your corrupt ass in jail!!
Maybe they can help make your city safer. Lord knows you couldn’t #chicagomurderrate #chicagogangs
MR PRESIDENT I GUESS WE ACCOMPLISHED SOMETHING !WE DELAYED BAD EVENTS SIR!  LET'S SEE WHERE GOD TAKES US!
4 more years!!!!
Are you going to be in the jury selection for the Russian collusion... Miss you Mr. President...
come back pls sos
The world is aching for this goodness.
miss you thank you president Obama
Why not help with all the killing in Chicago?
8 years in office and you turned your back on south Chicago.
Hundreds of innocent people die monthly and you’re looking to make a buck there?
What kind of leadership are you promoting?? Gang leader?
Can't wait to see you in black and white stripes!!and all your partner's in crime!!
It’s a good day BO!
Can I just say I miss you like crazy? Going through all the feels and missing 44 like no other. I know I'm not alone
Obama all the world needs you and the Americans peapels almost  you should come back as President
No te olvides de mí por favor.
Continuo sin empleo.de los demas sobra recordar
Whoa, Chicago ? I thought you forgot where that was.
Thank you.
Lord knows we miss you n Michelle. 
Make sure they are wearing Kevlar BHO.
More blacks kill blacks in Chicago every year than in any other state and You did nothing about it!!
Betting how many get shot or killed?
We miss you. Thank you for still giving us hope when you don't have to. You were a true president and you always will be.
i miss u
Every time I see your face it hurts my heart. Hard to remember the US with you at the helm. Miss you terribly : /
Buddy, you R right on the DOT.
Last night I dreamed you were still the president. It was wonderful. 
@ObamaFoundation is @ClintonFdn v2.0
good evening how whos your day mr. obama
America is where you are, holmes. Keep it real for us
OMG...just seeing a tweet from you helps us keep our sanity!! USA is in so much trouble with this crazy lunatic in the WH. Miss you!!!
Bathhouse barry back to servicing his globalist clientele? ??
I miss having a man and family in our house with integrity.
come back
I swear I clicked on it to tweet same..first tweet I saw.... .
Sure thing sir 
Do you like ANIME
@Arewa_DI is a voice to reckon with
Let the record speak to your doubters and cynical racists 
Come back! ‘President’ Cheeto is going to destroy us all!
Thank you for dividing America, like it's never been before.
B O. Divided this country more than any potus EVER. and what has he done for Chicago? Murder rate higher than EVER
Absurd statement
It's actually a fact. What's absurd is, well, everything the left says.
Ha!
Your media LIES and conceals facts from you.  Don't be a drone, think for yourself. What has Trump done, other than disagree with the left?
Hillary Clinton was awarded hers in 1999, what's your point I wonder?

In light of today's news, I miss having a president who performed (mostly) legitimate operations 
We love you and miss you.
Respect
Obama please we need you to be the president again Obama please come back and be the president again please you are the best friend I ever had
Gracias por todo lo que hicieron por los cubanos,agradecido eternamente,larga vida a los Obama dios los proteja por siempre , FrankAlmora
You are a respectable man Obama
Love u sir
Thank you
@maria
Nike mok
.@ObamaFoundation .@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
hi can you give me something I am from the suffered venezuela just a dollar or what your heart wants to give me to buy food
Get A Brand New Apple iPad Pro! https://cpbld.co/o/22213/1194415?s1= …
My newest prized treasure!
That picture would make a kick-ass dart board.

You are not president anymore, so stop behaving like you are!
Hey Barry, you are not pretending to be president anymore. I know it’s tough to stop meddling. Please try. If you love your adopted country, you will stop.
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/canbangladesh-turn-their-form-around.html …
الرجل الاسمر كان تبدوا عليه روح جذابه تحمل حس انساني راقي ليق برئاسة اعظم دوله في العالم
Muy admirable su labor
President Obama you are missed! We miss your integrity and leadership- really wish you had went for that 3rd term
Cant wait for this racist ex president to do his time behind bars !
I truly miss President & Mrs Obama!!
Is that like Clinton Foundation? 
Crooks follow each other...
let
We miss the King and Queen caring for these United States Replying to @BarackObama
Anyone who gets to attend anything you speak at are very fortunate! I miss you, Mr. President!
How do I attend that summit?
Any of them related to the Manhattan tertorist?
Please seek out a dictionary or have a literate friend help you tweet.
And how much cash are you collecting for this Berry
नमस्ते ।अमेरिकन ।साहब
Hey Obama your "religion of peace" is killing people.? What lie r u going to said that?
As our current “president” and his goons are under investigation...quit diverting. We miss you Obama!
Will you be buying pizza and hotdogs for 65 thousand this time?
I feel sick with our current administration in office. I can't imagine how you feel Barack Obama. I miss you!
Another *Yes we can* moment. Thank you Mr.President 
At least we had a THINKING PRESIDENT. So sorry MY PRESIDENT was term limited.
shouldn't you shut up when you talk ?
More grace! Please visit http://www.leoportals.com 
The majority of Americans will ALWAYS love YOU. You will ALWAYS be our President.
Some people might miss you but I don't......don't drop the soap when they get you next
Who is your foundation going to take money from? And for what services?
amazing legacy and President.
Oh boy, another foundation for bathhouse Barry
The Obamas, I miss them both! Foremost, they both have Intelligence and Charm.They Possess a Sincere interest for Ppl in te US and the World

. Ya ya
You rock
Please figure out a way to stop the killing in Chicago.
It has calm down. I guess guns aren't being planted in the streets any longer.
We love that you are so Presidential! :-)
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/v-behaviorurldefaultvmlo.html …
I miss you and Michelle! May God bless you and your family.
Ummmmm you know you aren’t POTUS anymore right?

Obama thoughtit was just OKto THREATEN a witness who wanted to give CORRUPTION INFORMATION

…
All the best and congrats for jury duty in Chicago
Thank président @BarackObama  Yes We can
This is Obama's Twitter. You're mistaking Trump. The king of division.
Get out of it
I love this President
Thank you for all that you do everyone
These tweets are 100% Bots or these trolls are awful stupid
But like, CBA tho
BHO set  back 200 years on race relations. Sold  out. Acted as if you were god when in fact your a spineless vag. Thank god 4 Trump.
Flint Michigan loves you and we miss you please come back and help us
Chicago, a city of about 91 or 92, known from the Windows version, has always liked the city, and has a connection with the city!
Well done Mr President. We really miss you.

I want to cry when I am reminded we had a great President and now we have the dregs.
Oh that's so true

Rock on


♡ WE LOVE YOU OBAMA♡ WE "REALLY MISS YOU"....
  Please ask Michelle & Joe Biden to RUN in next election!! Our DEMOCRACY depends on it!Please
Peace & Blessings
Miss you my Man!
Come back...please. Pretty please.
Maybe you can get these civic leaders to stop the carnage in Chicago the Mayor certainly isn’t
Gosh we miss You Mr. President
Hillary yesterday President Obama today wow it was the week to be in Chicago

Barry, while in Chi-town, might wanna dig into reports of black on black homocides. Black lives matter to you, right?
#Dvlottery
#nobanDVlottery2017
@ADCtweets
@OmarJadwat
@YolandaCRondon
@ACLU_DC
@neal_katyal
@FindJusticeLaw https://twitter.com/mbabakhani2/status/926157956441411584/photo/1pic.twitter.com/mWAheLnAlS 
Will there ever be a day you don't aspire to rule the World? 8 destructive years brought the country to the brink of total disaster. #Enough
Hello sir
Love you and all that you do and have done 
I am Adnan Ali n I wanna Marriage with your




WE THE PEOPLE DESERVE A BREAK FROM HAVING TO LISTEN TO YOU KNOWING YOUR EVIL PLANS
YOU THINK AMERICANS DON'T RESEARCH?
WE KNOW WHAT YOU ARE
Have you any suggestions for those of us who wish Trump out. Not out of hatred, but out of incompetence. Solid advice on what we can do?
America misses you...Will continue to follow your causes, especially Eric Holder and your mission  to stop this gerrymandering
U should be locked in ur house after all damage u hv caused 2 our country. Regretfully, I voted 4 u in 1st term. Racism was never a factor.
Good morning sir
Hey 44! Want to see what civic engagement looks like with 5-14 year olds? Come down the block to National Teachers Academy!#WeAreNTA
I still remember when I saw YOU preaching at my church Apostolic church of God.  Have you thought about starting a Ephesus church?
Let’s grab lunch on Thursday while I’m in town! See you and Michelle then 
We miss your elegance, your intelligence, your composure, your compassion, your humility, your humor, & so much more. WE REALLY MISS YOU!!!
Keep up your great work and spreading more love
Followed closely Obreezy!
I wish I was there. #ImFollowing
Before going to sleep every #night , #forgive  everyone and sleep with a clean #heart .
#Dvlottery
#nobanDVlottery2017
@ADCtweets
@OmarJadwat
@YolandaCRondon
@ACLU_DC
@neal_katyal
@FindJusticeLaw
Real President!!
You are the most disgusting person in the World
