Thank you Obama!  We miss you so much.  I wish we had a president like you who actually recognized acts of domestic terrorism.  This Las Vegas incident is the worst mass shooting ever, yet Trump will surely not call it Terrorism! #PrayForLasVegas
I wish you were still POTUS.
Love you for Las Vegas.
Thank you President Obama for your measured and comforting words.
I miss you so much.
Good Monday #44 Frm. Pres. Barack Obama ,The OBAMA FAMILY, God be with you always.


Gun control is the only solution!
Gun control. Look at Chicago and it's gun control, look at keeping drugs out of prisons and the war on drugs.They don't work. Our government can't even keep itself funded. That makes us look week to other countries. Without guns in America Russia would find it easier to attack us
Promote more guns. It makes for one heck of a ground war against a Russian/China invasion. We are our only chance, the government can't even stay funded

The proper response to a tragedy by a man with the heart of a leader.
Our thoughts are with the victims and families.
Thank you!
Well in fact i tnink that world turns mad
Love and miss you Mr. President. Prayers, however, are worthless, we need leadership and action.
Why ... Just Why ??? 
sir I have a wish... To meet you once in my life
These are very sad times where hate and violence seem to be more common every day. We need to fight to stop this.
We actually need to spread the peace among countries.My condolences & warmest sympathies to the victims of this terrorism act.God bless you
Thank you and Michelle for your heartfelt words to the victims and their families.
Senseless and all too common in our country.
#Calbrexit now more than ever.
THIS is a president lest we forget!
Just senseless
C'mon man, no 'warmest condolences?'  He's playing you.
Please come back. Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeereeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaasssssssssss!!!!!!
Right... 
Prayers will help nobody
Getting rid of guns will
Praying is a great way to make people think they are doing something whilst doing nothing.
I miss your reassuring words and encouragement Mr President.
god bless all
You tried.
Thankful for your immediate compassionate response. Hoping for a stop to the climate of discontent that contributes to such tragedies.
We miss you Mr President.
Do you ever see this country implementing sensible control? Mental health and preventative care solutions for those that need it?
das wird nix mehr helfen
Sir, you are truly missed! Houston, South Florida the country and Puerto Rico need assistance, supplies and most of all reassurance!
Atleast your not tweeting about how good breakfast was cough cough trump
Thank you Mr. President! I wish we had your comforting hand in this time of #senselesstragedy
If only someone had pleaded to Congress about tighter Gun Control laws
Compare this reaction with Trump's non-affect and cliche-ridden speech.
come back please Barack
God you are annoying.
https://soundcloud.com/user-491934816/movin-different …
Thank you for being a voice of reason through all this. This is a tragedy that America should not have to deal with and there are solutions
We need #GunControlNow. This is not normal, this is not America, this is not the world I want my kids growing up in.
Caution, Video is Very Disturbing, but this is what Automatic Weapons do :(
Just to note, that the current administration rolled back Obama's rule to limit gun ownership by the mentally ill.  Just food for thought...
I can not imagine the heartache of the families who lost loved ones this morning.  So sad :(
Here is a radical idea Now hear me out..What if we bound togather against those who make law's that say "its ok to sell this kind of weapon
It was full auto, not legally sold anywhere in US. Gun had to be black market.
Oh ok..i didn't know that..Well let be honest i know NOTHING ABOUT guns. But thanks for u feed back..Much love and RESPECT
1
c
@BarackObama
Thats greate
.@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
Good morning

Thank you, Mr. President.
Prayers are always needed. Have faith, not hate. That's my saying. I believe that.

Good morning sir
Yes it’s been awhile
The victims don't blame the gun. They blame the shooter. They forgive him for his ignorance for what he did to their families and for taking their lives.
If u were president you would be saying that's less tax dollars we'll be getting.
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …
Good morning sir
.!J
M’y poor i imagine your pirayers make thème Côme back so much You réel Nice
Yea. Your sorry ass did nothing. You own the killing of white/ black children. Coward that you are.
I believe God is in control but I have lost all hope in our country. Spiteful men who care less about people are in charge. The U.S has lost
I really wish everyone felt that way. He is destroying the reputation of the country as a whole. He is also slowly destroying everything the United States stands for. Very disturbing times.
Mr.President can u use your influence, good sense and intellect to start a gun control movement?. There has to be a way to stop the insanity
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/canbangladesh-turn-their-form-around.html …
praying does nothing.
when did I say that the obamas believe praying actually solves the problem?
you said praying does nothing, insinuating that it SHOULD help in some way according to barrack
and its Barack.
and...
well, you should know how he spells his name. Me saying prayer does nothing offends you why exactly? Curious…..
doesnt offend me, just like a good argument
Pres Obama I miss you
Said Isis.
Anti-Nazi : https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLm-c9NlOimiAeE4PDhrysxm01JacIPxuU&jct=rgLFlut2thzrfjeWBNZHSlX2IYQfjg …
2/2... government to disarm and take control of the very item which could save them against “literally Hitler.”
You must mean Micheal?

E
Are you praying for the 3900 people killed (shot) in Chicago during your 8 years> asking for a friend

Well stupid, your the one who OK'd the part that made the gun shoot the way it did.
Obama and mike who
I'm praying for this nation. Why so much violence? We all endure after demise without warning. No human is guaranteed life. This really?
queimou tudo se fuderam kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Your prayers will not be heard.
EntIendes Español ,que bonitas , son las puestas de sol cuando llueve
People need to wake up and see it isnt guns thats the problem. Its people like obama dividing this coutry on purpose.
......such a marvellous guy.....so good with kids......well,
I love
What's that in Michelle's pants????
C'mon... Can the rest of the Scottish rite seek justice against those who condoned this operation?  It wasn't the 32nd floor for no reason.
You still the president in people hearts

http://ThePayz.com/?refer=33439 
http://ThePayz.com/?refer=33439 
I’m so happy you aren’t in office anymore
Whoops sorry
Ññ
May God bless the whole world and every individual. Let there be peace in this world and those that live in it. Las Vegas, were are with you
Obamcare a train wreak
You should pray God forgives you for the fast & furious cover up!
Pray for the victims of your FBI and IRS ...
https://youtu.be/dobKjYM9DRI 
ban assault weapons, license guns
President Obama, I miss you!
Said Isis
Got you. That feeling.
Oh so now you are going to tweet. SAD
What's with the silence on the Weinstein sex abuse?  Oh ya you're in on it.  Almost forgot about PIZZAGATE
Greatest  President to ever Grace the white house. Thank you from the bottom of my heart Mr. President. Class act, Michelle has my vote 2020

Thank you sweetie. I really appreciate it. I just hug my family tighter every day. You are so sweet. It is rough. I am a lot grayer
يا باراك أوباما لو مخلصنا من بشار قبل مانك رايح شو كان صابك
I really miss your leadership. Please save us from Little Donny and his Twitter account. He is disgusting
Your a radical Muslim immigrant
PLEASE help us!! We need health insurance and safety.  We are dying here! Please speak up in the name of humanity!!
Miss you Obama
your silence on Weinstein is shameful
#TerroristHashdAlShaabi
#KurdistanBlocade
My Son & I are so happy for you and all the young Obama ladies. We truly miss your love and guidance. You have "Family" in Kingman, AZ! #Kin
Who cares what you do. Glad you're gone
the Preamble be considered now to have substantive power in determining cases of constitutional law? And could it? Q for the Expert.
Do you think that Trump should be able to be the
Trump is destroying everything you've done. Such a shame.
I agree it breaks my heart every time I hear tragedy
Your prayers to Allah won't help.
We praying you two get back in office 
Love you prezedent obama
When everything is over with you will have a much smaller pension and will always be nothing but a stain. Reminding me of Jackass Jackson.
You have made a lot of mistakes but letting your daughter intern for that pig with Weinstein is sick   you had to know the man he was shame
You are such well  pepole
Las Vegas shooters are serpent. The Democratic party is serpent. MSNBC personnel are serpent posing as human. Obama is a serpent fraud
If you prayed you would know you are damned already. Promoting mass murder of the unborn, Islam + other sins damned you.
آمل أن يكون قلوبكم مع ضحايا الحروب أيضا الذين يموتون لنحس بأنسانيتكم تجاه الناس في كل مكان دون النظر إلى العرق أو الديانة
We love u
How are you my father ,your celebratiding now after finish your position only geating from Tanzanian people more love you

We was burn out and lost everything we had pray for us
Maybe she should try shooting her mouth off about her buddy Harvey Weinstein
God does not hear your prayer
You are sin BARACK
Obama should move to Guantanamo Bay permanently!
@BarackObama I you. Please do something about 45. I can tell that man has something wrong with him & It's getting dangerous, please help.
May not like you but I agree, my condolences sent to the families and friends.
What do you think about your country's goverment decision about my country(Turkey)?Turkish citizens will not get a visa anymore...
Our honesty with them .God help them
Worst wannabe an american presadent in our history . just go away take mike and disappear
Ok 
IF only you were our president AGAIN
Much like those senseless deaths in/around Chicago, right?
http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/ 
http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/ 
 http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/   ;
http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/ 
 http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/   huyu
Who is it to that you're praying?
Another senseless tragedy by another DNC follower!
I think you’re responsible. Sandy hook too
Would help if the shadow gov didn’t run a false flag & gun grab every 2 yrs!!!
I dont know why first Allah foes not exsist. And you have done so much damage to this country there is nothing u can do make up for it.
LOS NEUTRINOS DE LAS ONDAS GEOMAGNETICAS DEL SOL YA AFECTARON EL NUCLEO DE LA TIERRA..URGEEE
Any chance of you and the wife sending prayers to the victims of forced sexual harassment from your best friend Harvey Hardon ?
you united blacks & whites,only 4 the current regime to engage the reverse gear!
Not criticizing but do you think there was ever a chance for additional gun laws to be passed during your terms?
@BarackObama I wish you could be president again.
The greatest thing Donald Trump has done is make me realize what a great human being you are, and that we took you for granted. We miss you.
It's not over, 'Barry'. We've got your number. Does RICO ring a bell?
Care to comment on #Weinstein Mr. President??

Wasn't he on a golf course during something that we needed him most??
We miss you so much - what are you a 10 yr old girl Ed Krassenstein because you sound like one.
#iran
#persian_gulf
#
