Obama, we miss you 
Wouldn't it be nice to have a president again who actually respects our veterans?
Wouldn't it be nice to have a president again who respects anyone!
My president until further notice...
so missed!
I haven't slept since he left office.
I feel the same!
Thank you Obama for respecting our military and intel agencies. Meanwhile our nation is now run by Putin.
It's astonishing how much difference only 10 months can make.
Please stay involved in politics Mr Obama. We need you. Our democracy may depend on it.
Miss You!
I sure do... I've never felt so Pissed Off at so many things & People in my life due to this Incompetent BitchBoy in *My House* but Nonetheless...it's inspire me to become active and involved in the political fight that must be fought now.
U r a sheep to the meida. They are controlling how u feel and its hilarious to watch. Trump 2020!
I posted a meme. How am I sheep?
My response was to just jane

Thank you sir, it was an honor to serve.
And THANK YOU, Soldier. 
I appreciate that so much.
It seems like @BarackObama is always smiling these days (even when he shows up for jury duty). Lol. I'm happy for him. May he and his family continue to immerse themselves in a state of peace and hope.
Reflections of self
So today I am listening to a country radio station that to my dismay supported trump im election.Twice I heard them play a recorded message from President Obama giving a Veteran Day message thanking our Veterans.
Might be regretting it now.
I would hope a lot of people regret voting for the buffoon.  I have never been able to call him president.
I'd say that makes us 2, but I'm certain there are millions more who've done/feel the same.



Trump says he loves the poorly educated. I believe. His cult is prime example of poorly educated.
Garbage never wins, just remains in the landfill, and cries! #TrumpDerangementSyndrome
#TrumpResign
Happy Veterens day to our last great Commander -in-chief!
If we had a commander & chief who really cared about veterans he would do something about the horrible PTSD and suicide rates!! 
I love this man 
Our Dad is one of them. Joined the Army at 17.  Met and married my Mom in Germany where I was born. Too tours to Vietnam as a infantry co commdr.  Got his Undergrad and grad degree, raised 2 daughters and put us thru college. Made a life and home for us. He's 81 and our hero!

Still an example for ALL Americans!
You're irrelevant! You were groomed for presidency!
You're a globalist!






The best President the USA ever had, just wish my parents could have seen you.
Thank you for your service President @BarackObama as Commander-in-Chief of the armed forces!
We miss you, MR. PRESIDENT.

Money laundering scheme. Lock him up!!!
Thank you President Barack Obama for being our Greatest Commander in chief...!!!!
Some are the Devil's Spawn
Others, Just the Devil's Pawn 
aye aye~!
3W3 KN0W IT
We fear not! We have God on our side!  OOORAH!!
Thanks President Obama! We appreciate your dignity intelligence compassion & humility
I just hope Trump doesn't take another Purple Heart from a veteran who earned it through personal sacrifice.
HeartlessGOPplanning to take away millions of Americans Healthcare after Thanksgiving.They must be stoppedNOW
Save #Obamacare Call your senators TODAY at the United States Capitol switchboard(202) 224-3121or

#Resist #GOPHealthcareRobbery No #TaxReformBill
If you respect our vet's, you would say something to your followers that disrespect our flag. You don't respect our vet's at all. Your a lier Obama
Please ask Mrs Obama to run for President.  Give USA Hope. Best wishes
Love you. Miss you. Please come back!  
Thank you Mr President!!!!
Service to others is the the rent you pay for this room here on earth

Love you always our commander in chief
Thank you for your service.♡♡♡♡
Best Pres ever @POTUS Thank you for helping us take our Great Country back! #MAGA You & @FLOTUS have brought class back to DC! Now get rid of the rats!
Ah, pardon, weren't you talking TO the rats you so passionately lauded?  If they self- exterminate, that would solve part of the problem.   And p.s.  MAGA  means "Mueller Ain't Going Away"  just in case you did not know.
This is what a REAL president does on veterans day..not meet with an enemy of the US...
Amen! You r a blessing to so many. Thank you for your service.
For 8 years we were blessed to have a President and Commander-in-Chief who epitomizes humility, strengths and compassion. You are missed and I hope you will continue to stay involved to help us. God bless you.
Love to you and your family Mr President!
What quality looks like. We miss you Mr President 
Service is everything 
Following in Clinton Foundation footsteps, set up a "organization " and pay yourself a hefty salary including family. At least stay away from the Haitians.
#WeThePeople want to say thank you to .@BarackObama for his continued leadership in our time of crisis.
Leadership?
#alliwantforchristmas

Barack I honour you and all who served 
You are an inspiration. We owe you a deep gratitude as well. Thank you and thank all those who sever
Thank You Mr President for honoring our military and Veterans. Miss You, Me.
Thank you Mr President. You are truly the President for all people. I hope that some day I will have the honor of shaking your hand. Many blessings to you and your family.
This war criminal continues to glorify killing for empire, as opposed to say teaching, healing, building, as the “highest form of service.”
Well Senator McCain is celebrated as a war hero when he took part in a war of aggression can anyone be a hero in a illegal war
He’s celebrated as a war hero by American supremacists that have no regard for human life outside their borders.
Very nice. Love ur President Obama
Thanks to all my fellow #warriors and those who support us. I miss my fallen #soldiers. #VeteransDay #service #sacrifice #America @USArmy
Thank you Commander!
Thanks for the good vibes. We celebrate ALL Veterans, even those who were captured
Explain this. Defend this. Grabbing her hip bone and SMELLING HER? #PedoGate #Obamaisafraud #Obamaforprison   
And his right hand?? .  Sick.
If only they let presidents run for a third term I would be so happy @BarackObama !
#AmericasPledge 
#WeWillRemember 
Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus 
The Great chyren will change whole world by his spiritual knowledge and power!
Visit  http://jagatgururampalji.org 
@ObamaFoundation @BarackObama  You really need to see this...
@spacfoundation in @FinancialTimes today
#spacnationfoundationonft 
@FinancialTimes
These rather sad lyrics came immediately to mind when I read your post, dear respected President Barrack Obama. All of us know the hurt endured just doing your best & no one can say for sure what went wrong but we all know what we lost before it was gone: https://www.google.com/search?q=don%27t+know+what+youve+got+til+it%27s+gone+lyrics&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8&hl=en-us&client=safari …
Thank you, Mr. President. It was an honor to serve a great country. Thank you for your continuing service to our country.
Glad to see you out and about continuing your service ! We truly miss you !

An anonymous interrogator claimed that he has been employing me since 1981 at USA Kings Mills/Mason Ohio's Kings Island's Cincinnati, Ohio's Walnut Park Corporation at no-raise wages of $2.80 an hour for 80 hours a week or about $1,000 a month selling the name, Kings Island.

An anonymous interrogator claimed having of enlisted me into an Army program of trying to train me into "kicking" people inside their own minds.

Anonymous interrogators claimed actually literally peering through my own eyes and jeering and talking through my own mind in slanderous attempts to disprove anyone's claims of myself being able to see.

An anonymous interrogator claimed, "Your temper is not it any more. It never was. We have just been using you to give other people biofeedback to control their temper among other things, like lust."

An anonymous interrogator claimed that all he has ever been doing to me for the past thirty years in his own incessant psychic battery against me has been his own attempt to make me wear tights all the time just for me to act like a real gay man.

Anonymous interrogators are lying about people acting insanely without knowing that they are really acting and not really consciously knowing what they are really doing when they in reality are being psychically tortured and knowing it, judging by my own performance mistakes.

This frame at https://vimeo.com/242436785  demonstrates my own normal, that is, conscious, decision-making, not abnormal, that is, unconscious, insanity, or idiot savant mental state, as I change my own mind upon my own…

Anonymous interrogators claimed lying about me as an idiot savant with no right to play the piano as such is merely a disorder on my own part involving blind talent coupled with no knowledge whatsoever.
#Dvlottery
#nobanDVlottery2017
@YolandaCRondon
@NancyPelosi
@RepAdamSchiff
@RepBarbaraLee
@RepYvetteClarke
@SenSchumer
@SenFeinstein
@SenWarren
@SenSanders
@elizabethforma
@just_security 
@tedlieu 
@timkaine 
@adctweets 
@JennerBlockLLP 
@BrianFrosh
@OmarJadwat
@ACLU_DC 
@ACLU
It's the simple things we miss most...like a president who can smile.
Thank you! You will be revered as The Greatest President  in this nation's history. #YesWeCan
Thank you Mr. president for being the president of all people.
Great.... Sir
Thank you. Just thank you.
Glad to see you back Mr Obama. Everyone missed you
Thank you PRESIDENT Obama! Your are absolutely the best! Miss your Grace and Leadership!
Great
Miss your Grace Sir!
La fraternité doit être au-dessus de tout Amitiés 
Way to go Mr President. Service to all mankind.
Politics aside, I as a US Army Veteran who served under your command for over 13 years of service, thanks you for supporting us.
Thank you so much for working with our platoons! We'll have to do it again sometime! 
Thank you, Mr. President! And please thank Michelle for her tireless efforts for veterans and military families!
Obama was the best President
Your such a good guy!!! Damn Michelle is a lucky woman!!
Sant #Rampal ji Maharaj is a innocent 
Please watch
Ground report on Barwala Kand
Country : India , state : Haryana
https://youtu.be/sWUBmVhTC2g   
My dad thanks you. He is Air Force, retired; Vietnam era.
Thank you Mr Obama for serving out country as a patriot of America Thank all who have served past and present for this Nation #VeteransDay 
@BarackObama Honored to have lived in an Era where you served as my President. Thank you for your service Sir!
Sanity and service. How I miss it. 
Thank you President Obama. 
Please honor Michael's service by re tweeting . #VeteransDayWeekend2017 #VeteransDay2017 #VeteransDay #HonorToServe #MichaelOGuinn #PleaseDontForgetHim #realDonaldTrump
Thank you, Mr. President! Love and miss you , every day! 
Great!
You're a good man @BarackObama and always my President!  #GreatValues #Proud
Love it thank God for your foundation and God bless you always
Yaaassss Mr. Commander in Chief!!!! Miss you so much!
Father and son. Both served in the military. Father (now almost 98) in World War II and son in Vietnam. Today we honor them and all the others who served our great Nation. Thank you!
Thank you for your service in being one of our greatest Presidents.
Why did you forget your father's land, Kenya??
Because it's his father's land. He is an American.
BREAKING: Fusion Paid 3 Reporters to SPIN the Trump-Russia Dossier Story http://truthfeednews.com/breaking-fusion-paid-3-reporters-to-spin-the-trump-russia-dossier-story/ … via @truthfeednews

An anonymous interrogator claimed herself to be disconnecting warranties from their own respective specific product item identification codes.

Anonymous interrogators questioned how to safely, ethically, morally, and legally research, in their own acting careers, sexual assault.

An anonymous interrogator claimed to another, "You're training him to be insane, and he's not going to do it." The other repeated, "I'm training him to be insane. You got it. That is exactly what's going on, to study insanity for the Army."
Candace Owens: Black People Waking Up Will Be Hell For Democrats In 2020 http://www.infowars.com/candace-owens-black-people-waking-up-will-be-hell-for-democrats-in-2020/ … via @realalexjones

it is a duty for all the citizens of 
 United States to pay homage to all those who have honored their country. Thank @Williamsbandoma  #DRC
A socialist walks into a bar & yells free drinks for everyone. Bartender asks: how are you going to pay for this? With other people's money.
When the American Revolution was won, Americans were free. Now, we have a welfare state suffocating freedom, undoing America's Revolution.
Collusion: Hillary In Talks To Buy More Anti-Trump Disinformation From Russians http://www.infowars.com/collusion-hillary-in-talks-to-buy-more-anti-trump-disinformation-from-russians/ … via @realalexjones
Thank you Sir. It was an honor serving while you were our CIC. V/r
Thank you for serving, still, with dignity and grace.
Awesome!
Nice, Mr. President!! The World's History will take a very proud space reserved for you and your kindly wife. 
The Greatest President of the USA!
.......Yes we can...
Thank you President Obama! I am glad you are still in our lives!
God bless our VETERANS !&the families of those makes the ultimate sacrifice & those injured .
Happy Veterans Day to all the veterans around the country. Thank you for your service!
The picture shows smiles on all the faces. You, Mr. President, and smiles on those with you.  What you aren't able to see is the big smile on my face when I see you.  Thank you for --- just being you. #whatisagentleman
love you Mr Obama, you are an inspiration!
To all of our past and present servicemen and women Thank you for you service. God Bless America.
READ these 3 blog posts at http://www.GETAnalysis.ca 

1. America's Self Inflicted Wounds http://www.getanalysis.ca/the-blog/america-s-self-inflicted-wounds …

2. An American Mass Murder So Horrific - ISIS wants to own it http://www.getanalysis.ca/the-blog/an-american-mass-murder-so-horrific-isis-wants-to-own-it …

3. America's Gun Virus - Thank God It's Not Contagious http://www.getanalysis.ca/the-blog/america-s-gun-virus-thank-god-it-s-not-contagious …
While our current president is siding with a KGB agent, this is what our last president is doing. @MSNBC @realDonaldTrump
@BarackObama we said Amen
Miss you sir. Thank you for Your service. You are still one of my heroes. God to just have you back as our President, what a dream.
Thank you
The day of the Poppy in UK. THE UNKNOWN SOLDIER 
Hope to see you soon!

Pres Obama:  When SNL cast does a song on the 11/18/17 show called "Come Back Barack," you know they are echoing the sentiments of millions of Americans. Hope you or one of your family saw the show. I thank you for your service as President. #BringBackBarack
Stop whining.
Whining? Think you misread a congratulatory tweet sent to a former President which noted a song that was done on SNL. Didn't you see the show? Kate McKinnon was fab as AG Sessions. Per-fect.

An anonymous interrogator claimed having been trying to coerce me into traveling to Ghana where I was going to remain celibate in the midst a certain group of 29 gay people whom he was going to then execute.

An anonymous interrogator claimed, "I pay websites to which you have posted your own works of art to make your own works of art look and sound like me."
Look how happy people always look around @BarackObama   They say goodness comes from with in and will spread. How do people look around  #NotMyPresident  ?
Thank you to all persons who have served in military service and to their families!! We appreciate you!
Dear Mr President, I see you are a fan of volunteerism! Would you support the UN's Int. Volunteer Day campaign #VolunteersActFirst #IVD2017 (5 Dec)? Your support would do wonders to showcase the impact of volunteers in the USA & abroad. Our Trello https://trello.com/b/K98RPNuS/international-volunteer-day-2017-volunteersactfirst … Thanks!
Why do all the globalists have foundations? Clinton, Pelosi, McCain, Obama. Look at their gov pay checks... how do they all end up banking millions and millions the longer they stay in office? #followthewhiterabbit
You are contagious.The Timberwolves at The House of Charity in Minneapolis MN. Teaching their young to remember the less fortunate.
The ladies are regular Angel's volunteering at the Mission.
God Blessed the Best (Jesus) and he Blessed the Rest (Us).
I am so glad you are gone, you didn’t care about the military or US!! Who are you trying to fool??
@BarackObama  Au moins tu m'oublie pas les pauvres une très bonne personne
Just remember this if you get lost along the way: Anything worth having doesn't come easy. So don't turn back around. Don't give up. As you work to achieve your most ambitious goals, push yourself to keep moving forward
 ...thank you doing service for humanity... 
yes, President Obama is a real example.
Thank you President Obama! You continue to make us proud!
You were one of the  best in office. We   miss you .
You continue to be an inspiration to me Sir. All the way here in New Zealand. Namaste
A great leader always leads. Thanks Obama.

This is one Happy Guy!!!! It's great that President Obama continues to serve in the community!
Happy Veterans Day 
Love U Obama
t ai un mec bien @BarackObama mon clone le pense aussi si tu peut l embrasser pour moi #ChuckNorris et son épouse et les enfants 
Obama ati fost un presedin te de milioane
You’re my favorite. And thanks to Michele and Jill for all they have done and still do for Vet families 
#TigerZindaHai
AMEN TO THAT. I MISS U PRESIDENT OBAMA. U WERE AND STILL R THE BEST. GOD BLESS YOU N UR FAMILY
Sir, thank you for your service as our once Commander in Chief President Barack Obama. Your life of service is a legacy of honor this country will always hold dear.
Come to Nigeria.
Thanks
#AlwaysMyPresident
He is still doing nothing to help people but still getting paid to make appearances and give speeches about nothing.
@BarackObama @ObamaFoundation Hey barry. You found the Clinton Foundation so lucrative you opened one of your own. Enjoy your $13,000/day vacations. Your followers are stupid enough to finance them.
Good morning all friends and family have a healthy day
Thank you bro
Service? Killing civilians in other countries is service?!
This country is mine...yours is Kenya.
He was born in Hawaii. This IS his country. You don’t OWN America.
Where is your deed to America?
We the People...is my covenant with my country deeded by my American birth certificate.  He is Kenyan born.
He showed his American birth certificate from Hawaii. The long form to be exact. Even if he were born in Kenya he would still be an American citizen. His mother was an American citizen. Do you think all the kids of American service members born overseas are not American?
, Mr. Obama, my prayers are with you, your family and your work team. God bless you, bles América and bless Puerto Rico. --SFC Frank Rometo (ARMY Retired and ex veteran of Vietnam war.)
Research the Obama foundation and money laundering scandals etc. people create "foundations" to hide illegal donations and contributions sometimes from foreign governments such as Saudi Arabia. It's like the clintons pay for play clinton foundation
Benghazi? You have the nerve?
Thanks nice
Please Mr, or miss, Obama I've been trying to find n to get help for over a year now I'm homeless and lost everything I had,I can't even give my daughter a Christmas present can you help with a donation to
Hello mydear how are u my dear tel me message please
Mr President your legacy is there within America. #OBfoundation. Healthcare.
Mr President the world "ll for ever remember you sir.
The most divisive, most impotent President in the history if US! Lier: Obamacare, paying adversaries US $$$$. One who lived for 8 years as a king spending Our money for lavish vacations and other personal expenses on behalf of his family!
Good look
Hi
8 Years of Obama Failure in 9 Easy Graphs Meme Goes Viral http://truthfeednews.com/8-years-of-dem-failure-in-9-easy-graphs-meme-goes-viral/ … via @truthfeednews
Please Mrs. Obama we need you or Hillary Clinton to help set us Democrats free!
Please look into round rock tx
I LOVE PRESIDENT OBAMA
send some help libya & yemen’s way!
What you did and did not do was wrong.
Public servant not in public service
I'm not a foreigner.  My ancestors,who were first kidnapped and enslaved, have been here since the 1600's. Home ownership and taxes don't negate that.
This is a living legend, a hero amongst men. I dedicate my service to Obama, a king that reins with compassion and nobility, a great known president ,that rules with a global heart
Very good Sir.     I Spot u          Sir am from India  you my best ideal    (political ideology)
Love 
We love you President Obama!!! Thank you for everything. 

NO ONE MISSES YOU...
Go back to #MensCountry and stop trying to meddle in American affairs. You had eight years.... you failed miserably and none of your lame EO's will withstand this administration. You will be judged as the failure you are. #SorosPuppet
Mr president! I appreciate you and I'm following you everytimes! Even if you are no more in the white house I know that you can do something to stop these things that happening in libya. Say no to slavery.  Say no
#ComeBackObama  We need our country back
You definetely know what is respect toward others , is remarkable what you keep on doing !!!
I miss Obama
Thanks for your happy  ending  as president of the United States of America. Frc, Dhaka, Bangladesh
@BarackObama j aime faire le suivi de cette fondation
Every single day that your out of our White House, were earesing the stains you left on our nation. We will never forget what you did to America.
Hello Barack Obama
https://www.savetheinternet.com/what-can-i-do 
The FBI want a word with you concerning a massive Pedo Ring and Drug operation heard they took your boat so good riddance you crook
I thank  god everyday this cancer is no longer president @BarackObama @bara #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
