How the hell can McCain get a liberty meddle? Oh I know for marching in the streets of Kiev Ukraine supporting fanatical Nazis who killed 100 Ukrainian Police men & women to overthrow the democraticaly elected President & take power by force. Obama behind the Plot!l Unbelievable!
THE HELL YOU CALL US AS "NAZI"???
NAZIS of  Ukraine in power by way of a coup d'etat. FACT FACT FACT!
Thankful for dignity across the aisle...

That is revolting and quite unnecessary.
Here’s looking at you, Barry
Please come back! We’ve got too many jobs, these taxes are so low, the military is actually doing their jobs, all the dreamerMs13 guys are leaving,
and the fbi...
@SenJohnMcCain is a thoroughly decent man and a credit to his country.
Liar, that tweet was just to spite our president
Ha ha ha,lol, rino all the way
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982904600339546113 … 5693
Did you like it ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L  
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time 
…
Please come back
Маккей отлично работал на СССР, уничтожая самолёты ВВС США
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …
#sike as Obama walks out the room.
N..m..m...my.. nhhhh
M
Good thing you said that cuz I'm playing through what you want and that me .
His Excellence , turn a glance to Angola, pls
Let’s help youth to fish.
If only 'MAGA' meant your return to the White House v_v
You did alot more for this country than people give you credit for #SadFace
As a retired veteran, I appreciate John McCain and his service to our country. Thank you John.

Thanks for arming terrorist @SenJohnMcCain
I love you president Barack please come back
It would be President Obama, not president Barack....


Why are you even visible. Who gives a damn what you think. You are no longer the President. Just go away and go spend your ill gained money.
#ObamaGate and John McCain.
Yes thank you @SenJohnMcCain for your service and for your steadfast principles


Nice
He is insane
He is byfar, I think much more to be exact, but not really as courageous as Senator Kerry... But cowards? What do we know about those?
There was this "myth" about the oldest amonst sharks... And it's one that I have presumed with an educated guess. These animals are the greatest amongst cowards.
Wait for the FISA memo. #Dossier.
Yuck.
President Obama last great Statesman
Two peas in a pod,you and RINO John.  Trump exposing all the lie#MAGA
Mày là người Mỹ à
What is different
He's also grateful for George Soros, without Soros the American public wouldnt have voted for you
Research my love #uranium one!Kathy you are one of the best actresses alive,plz don't become a liberal sheep!
You mean the Democratic Party. 

@realDonaldTrump See, A REAL President-Barack Obama! This is how a President is supposed to act. When you grow up you may realize this-but doubtful!
Sir i have a innovation to make electric with environment friendly with more jobs.
You tha best
Thank you for your service Sir
You would he is a songbird.
boikot produk israel n usa #JerusalemCapitalOfPalestine
"Barry come back!"
So disappointed with @SenJohnMcCain  for wanting this horrible #TaxBillScam
As an I sir
Oh dear heavens.. I bet he misses you soo much right now..!  Lol. ..His facepalms-per-minute stats escalated indefinitely shortly thereafter, rofl! xD
Enjoy your new wealth. Y’all know he’s filthy rich now right. Yeah no crimes?sure.
Not rich blue collar but thanks for calling me rich
A lot of us don’t miss you,and we are glad you are OUT.
Just a Cuban phone man you lump me in with some famous people. Thanks
I’m sure you are.  Pos
Excuse me Mr Barak Obama why do U insist on making the News ?

FLASHBACK: Obama makes a 2008 campaign promise to recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s capital. 

He later broke that promise, used the U.N. as a politi…
I am trying to finish my book I am writing about your life
Stop following our president around Barry s,
can we repeal it now that he has once again thrown his country under the bus going off a cliff?
Now that is funny
From one traitor to another.
After his vote on McConnell Tax cuts 4 billionaires they should take it back

MonzturrMc Eminem Song https://youtu.be/6xYjFjQIp6w  via @YouTube
Nopenopenope…

Hero card revoked. 

#GOPTaxScam
He is a Democrat after all
Sir Obama, I hear Joe Biden is running for president in 2020, is that true?

Gracious
We miss you a lot my best president forever

Liberals like birds of a feather flock together. Finally a Non-Politician in office @POTUS showing the American people what a true & strong leader can get done, rather than campaigning in & out of office
Its not a service if you are being paid to be a politician....
One loser supporting another loser
Change your profile..You are no longer president..THANK GOD!
U still here, Obummer?  McCain is of your own party..U can have him
Two 'Song Birds' tweeting to each other. Disgraceful.
Wish you would have signed into law a third term for Presidency..I would've made sure you had my 3rd vote Sir!
Bye bye!! So glad he's gone!!
So. Please Leave, Height Of Arrogance, this is Narcissism at the very highest. I am sure he even calls out his own NAME??!
moon pie
This right here is the difference between Donald Dumbo and you.
We definitely miss you Barack. You brought decency, knowledge, elegance, commonsense, Democracy and over all Humanity to the presidency. All of them now in huge absence from it. We (America) needs you big time. Take care, Obama.
We are grateful for you!!
Hello.Mr Bama@ am still waiting for your http://reply.help  me.my mail: Amedufranca@yahoo.com
Love you Sen McCain, love you too Mr President
Shocking Video Of Joe Biden Groping Children Emerges http://www.infowars.com/shocking-video-of-joe-biden-groping-children-emerges/ … via @realalexjones

Yes sir senator best senator with great common seance stay well  thanks all ways for thing you have done for common folks.
Go away

Obama is the last person we need now! Trump can and has already done far more than OBAMA did in his first 10 months
This is exactly why term limits are a necessity to clear the table and correct past faults
Maybe his service was honorably meant then, but after about 15 years in the Senate changed him to a corruptable human being. The power aspect has gotten to his self. He can’t se the true Americans through the fog of war. His mind has been influenced by years of being in power
Stay classy
We miss you badly. Please come back.
I am So grateful to him for being the sort of Republican you wish we had more like, but really never did.
Miss you in the White House
We Need You To Be President Right Now!!, but More Importantly We Need The Lord To Continue To Watch Over Us All. We're Living In Perlious Times.
#Buy_Google_5_star_Reviews,
#Buy_Google_Places_Reviews,
#Buy_Positive_Google_Reviews,
#Buy_Negative_Google_Reviews,
#Buy_Negative_Google_Reviews,
An OBVIOUS LINK BETWEEN OBUMA & TRAITOR McCAIN!!

John McCain is no hero to this country his nickname was Songbird for a reason traitor to America

JOE BIDEN

He isn't #CreepyJoe…
Oh Boy, where do I even Begin!??
Yes your good friend.. along with bill and Hillary.. you all stand united as the biggest pedophiles  Americans have seen.. since you all have no problem making it publicly known..
Hi
I bet you are. Very grateful that he handed over the bogus “dossier”’ so that you would have a reason to spy.
We miss you
Yes
Sorry Sir I just miss having a peace of mind i felt safer the last eight years now i spend everyday feeling paranoia anger discuss shame and like a man with no country again
Fuck McCain that’s my opinion he talks tough but votes and sides with Sessions Trump and the rest of the gang
I love John McCain. But lately he seems like an Obama holdover.he is willing to throw us in the fire just to stab at Trump. So sad
I miss you and your family.#NotMyPresident
Yea that is why you destroyed him during your champagne Obama. You don't give a shit. Too bad your service wont be recognized.
He is songbird...cannot believe u are honoring him... he is a bitter angry man
The only thing you're happy for for John McCain is he stopped the ruination of Obamacare
Me too! Thank you @Sen.McCain
