
Go away, Barry!
.@BarackObama .@guardian .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
You always know just what to say sir.  Thank you.
イギリスの障害者に向けては、素敵に太陽をしているのをみたら、いいですね。
Hi Barack Obama, we The Sanford and Robinson Family miss you very dearly, In White House and Formely President Barack Obama your family will always have our Prayers and Memories, your Truly Mary Ann Sanford Robinson and Fitzgerald Jerome and
a true leader!
hello how are you doing

your a joke
NRA SUCKS!
If liberals wouldn't allow refugees into these countries, there would be no one wounded or killed.  Liberals are a grave danger to our world..

Yes
Your are great leader and legend in the Galaxy. .
Amen to that Mr President

WhoRUkidding?UR aracist who encouragesviolence&watches ur minionsdo ur dirtyworkU did NOTHING4 any1 except urselfURaTHUG #URlegacyisfailure
Better than being a murdering animal thug!
We miss you Mr President, The Israelis Miss you too it Seems. Thank you for a great 8 years of service to your Country.
cool
Miss u
Barack we could do with you in the UK and get rid of the tories and what they are doing to people, all they think about is their pockets
Ptm 
We're scrutety and scrutety to the content to the nation that issue  uman rights Wimans rights
You are so nice
As long as you're not president remember that line you drew in the sand with Syria   wimp
Even when our "president" (Trump) doesn't.
The
great president i will be like u in my lovely Country TANZANIA
again....you are not president anymore tho you still believe you are. quit telling ppl what Americans will do. you have no say anymore~
You are NOT Potus! You no longer have rights to say anything on USA behalf. Go back to Kenya, you first Kenyan American Pres as you stated!
Happy birthday
Our president Fir Ever Barack
Easy to talk about heart...Where is my paycheck?
And this is why everyone loves Obama.
The whole world didn't grieve with them, there were a few million who were very happy
Omg
You shipped that cancer into our country, you liar
Shoulder to shoulder and hand in hand.  Xxx
انته ضالم ولاتطبق حقوق الانسان
See what happens when you leave office?
It is very tragic. What's more tragic is Obama you funded and helped create Isis.
السلام عليكم .
iam love manchester good night http://arishahrukh.blogspot.com/2017/04/cara-mudah-promosi-website-yang-baru-di-buat.html …
@AdeytAdrian  you have lived to be the most respected person because of your dignity and kind heart Africa admires you
Why did you save the terrorist regime of Iran?
Please, please help us get #45 out of office.  America needs strong leaders like you for the hardest job in the World. #45 lazy & crazy.

Nicht für die Schule lernen wir, sondern für das leben !
I like you
#standwithFarmer #banggadisisipetani #ayokeIndonesia @MichelleObama @BarackObama @HillaryClinton @billclinton @cnni
#standwithFarmer #banggadisisipetani #ayokeIndonesia @MichelleObama @BarackObama @HillaryClinton @billclinton @cnni @CNNIndonesia
What about the RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS?
help!
MAY SON BE KILL TO AND I SUPPORT DONALD TRUMP. RIEKI PETERS OF THE NETHERLANDS .
Never seen u tweeting d same way when ppl get killed in Muslim countries in so many conflicts u hv auth.
R they frm lesser God or u a joker?
Says the man that's killed more Christians in the middle east than anyone in history. Your lies don't fool everyone. #MAGA
The above text about Manchester is vividly true.As America would do to stand shoulder to shoulder Papua New Guinea would do too in prayers.
GOD BLESS YOU BARAK....
thanks to dhe the presended of all nation
Amen
You talk about humanty mor. I ask you if humanty just exest in manchester.  Be honst with your self
@julietkego @Crecencia04 @Emmanueladel @Omojuwa @AIT_Online Terrorism and criminality can be defeated with collective resolve.
You said you would stand with the Moslems
And what about the people of other countries i.e. Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Palestine, Yemen etc you have destroyed. Any regrets about them
G.W. Bushes words...shoulder to shoulder.......
Your people doing it don't act surprised pal
Want you back
Why are your records sealed?
Chala Bekele

Christ, you've turned into a Public Relations nightmare.  You sound like a hallmark card.
Even the ones that voted for Brexit?
You came to a 3 months old tweet about something not related just to bitch about Brexit? That's obsession, go see a doctor. 

Yep America
Really miss Obamas in the WHITE HOUSE
He gave them the bombs!
Jambo
Right now there are a lot of Americans I wouldnt want to stand shoulder to shoulder with.
fake news...nobody died...just another hoax to demonize Muslims, and guns...
Z Obama worst president ever
You no longer represent us
yes we will....against islam!
Muy bien, y sobre los asesinatos por sus humanitarias invasiones?
we really miss you
Helo sar
This is how we represent the world no wars,have peace, be nice, never remove good presidents.#peace
对 我们永远肩并肩，面对一切难题
The problem is that you stand shoulder to shoulder with Muslim extreamists! You want to Criminalize disrespect of Islam not Christianity!
Your friendship is thin and biased. Any one your majesty does not like is thrown under the bus You are an American tragedy
Ur Americans w run while #therealdonaldtrump Americans will stand shoulder to shouldler & fight the jihad.

I'd like to see the Brexit thing, Die,RIP, while the People think about what they really want. There is no trust in Trump by Global countrie
Well maybe. Mrs. May, blundered badly, compounding that by paying for a less desirable Irish group to give her majority, Very bad Move.
Hlw
战争。。。
What about dead Iraq?On your hands and what about dropping the head regardless do to his people but it's better than what happened to2003now
To bomb Irak!!

Thanks to you and Hillary.
Vidoe Sxey
I believe it
You know where I am, you know who I am. I am Manchester. I am more.

I am back here for Mom.

Thanks for the messages Barack.
