
Amen!
Literally apple and fiat are coming back to the US. Not because of anything Obama did

That’s just adorable!
LOVE and miss this family!
We and the rest of world miss you and your family president Obama!! You are greatly loved. Have a blessed Holiday....see you next year!
Strong use of the "Token White Kid", Barack.
Well done.
Now we KNOW you're a man who embraces all races equally...

#FakeNews #FakeChristmasCard #ObamaGate #ObamaCrimes #HappyKwanzaa #MAGA #TRUMP #AmericaFirst
Lmao I was thinking the same thing. 
Thank You President Obama! I hope you and your family have a Blessed, Prosperous & Happy New Year too! America loves and misses you dearly! 
Me too
Hi

gosh, you guys are cool
This was an old Christmas card picture Barry. Not from 2017. Whats up with that? #QAnon
No cameras in Thailand?
Yea those are definitely not their kids
Beautiful family, beautiful people. <3
Merry Christmas Mr President and to your precious family. Happy New Year. Yes I do miss you. 
Wish you and your dear family the same and a warm and blessed New Year 2018 too...
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to you and your family too. Thank you for serving for 8 years!
happy new year sir!! love from India
Lol
Can’t wait to see what gonna happen with the illegal fisa
Robert Mueller is a lifelong Republican. 
Robert Mueller is an American hero. 
Robert Mueller was called a "professional's professional" by Jeff Sessions. 
Robert Mueller EARNED a purple heart fighting in Vietnam.
 
Donald Trump is a lifelong con artist.
He’s a republican  he’s a Hillary and dnc contributor and a liberal get a grip 
Are you donating your extra  tax refund ?? Just asking
Prove Robert Mueller is a DNC contributor and a liberal.
From your favorite news this was easy
#releasethememo show us the corruption
Beautiful family - #HappyNewYear
 Merry Christmas,  Mr. President
Man, why do you keep using the same old pic every Christmas?
What an amazingly beautiful family. We miss you so much!
Dear President Obama, you are the best. Every blessing to you and your family.  May the Lord help and protect us now.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
So miss you
Happy Holidays Mr Président and Family. May GOD grant us with Michelle as the next Président. Amen!!!
I can see Talia and Tessa making faces like that little girl!
Did it hurt to type Merry Christmas?
Love the gentleman!! Miss him!!
@BarackObama the same to, and yours
Merry Christmas and a Happy new year to you and your family too! I looooove Scooby-Doo with antlers! 
we #Iranian never forget betrayal, U stood the wrong side of the story, instead of learning how to dance Iranian, learn from their bravery standing with empty hand against barbaric tyrants U feared the most & shared violation of #HR in #Iran
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to a beautiful and loving family. We miss your shining faces and thank you for your years of service to this country. God bless you all.
Hi mr obama how are you me my 8year old son like.
Where's micheal
Love it
Guess Muslims want ur head on there table by now! Koran says follow the Kofar wherever they go to convert them by force or cut there heads! Why u re still alive? What about yr girls? They must wear hijab& be with Linda Sansour promoting Islam!
#OBAMAGATE #WORSTPRESIDENTEVER
You rock !!! Warmest wishes and huge respect to your whole family. For 8 short years you have been role models and you're sorely missed.
Come check out hand crafted candle holders and stands.  The prices are affordable.
Merry Christmas to @BarackObama and family

Beautiful Christmas Photo!!!! Love the Happy Energy!!!! Happy New Years to my Favorite First Family!!!!
This is an old Christmas photo!?
Icons
thanks for continuing to show us how a President and a good family should act like.
@biasbustersofks
Happy New Years to you & your familyI have never missed a president so much as I miss you 
I love and miss the class you and your administration brought to the oval office. How I so wish you were still in office to save us from the derailing train they call a president.
Happy Holiday
Not a president and you finally say Merry Christmas! Hhhmm.. trying to gain respect. Good luck!
How come your wives shoulders are wider than yours Barry???
Thank you for being that president who connects to the people and care about our well being. Good bless
President Obama you never know what you had till it's gone. Thank for 8 great years. I hope you and your family have a wonderful new year
Missing the first family #44
You weren't perfect but you sure as hell were underappreciated. Happy Holidays, Obamas.
Beautiful family! Thanks for being so positive!
Love this beautiful photo!! Thank you,for sharing!! Merry Christmas!! Sending lots of God's powerful love!!!
citibank = Santa claus
Why only ONE WHITE KID in the pic??? You O’BUMMERS are RACISTS
Thank you for continued efforts to make America great, despite all the efforts by Trump, to do the complete opppsite. Wishing you & your family, an amazing and healthy New Year.
@BarackObama
Awwwww
いい写真だ
相変わらずかっけー
これからのツイートも楽しみにしてる！
I missed this, but Merry Christmas Obama’s! Keep inspiring! 
Merry Christmas to you and your Beautiful family!   Thank you for showing true leadership.
Took a moment to look at the faces on those children and... my heart
Another recycled family pic frm 2015?? Guess its hard to have fake family gatherings when youre on the run....But you cant hide. OH the irony of everything that youve done, coming back to haunt your worst nightmares. Tell me...does #GITMO have wifi??? #QAnon #FollowTheWhiteRabbit
Happy New Year to you and @MichelleObama. Miss your decency and complete sentences.
Thank you sir
We wish you and the family all the best.  God bless all of you.
Happy New Year, Sir.  May the New Year bring you good health and all good things.
We miss you something awful!!!!  
Cool,Sir!
Thx, A family of .....
Thank u @realDonaldTrump even Obama’s saying Merry Christmas. Former divider & chief worked hard @ condemning this gr8 country

Please come back Mr. President!
that is great to spend time with your Family
hello mister president i am koe bi bohe young Robinson. Ivorian I am a servant of God I wish to correspond with you
TRÈS BEAU S.E
Thanks alot
Beautiful family
“Michelle” I think your tape came loose, that kid sitting in front of you looks he wants to turn around and shoo off that big ole d!(k that clocked him in the back of the dome.
In case you missed it.

Nice Meeting U Sir
Happy #MemoDay , we will never forget!
#ObamaGate !
Why did you post an old Christmas photo from several years ago??  lmao
#MAGA



Que hermoso
What a great picture! Just got back on twitter and President or Mrs Obama. Keep the warmth and wonderful ideas for is to help coming!
beautiful picture
hallo...
Dear President
wish you Happy Chirstmas and Happy New Year 2018.
Make America Great Again.
Thanks and regards
Sanjeev Kumar Singh(jhansi,UP India)
Is that a Ramadam Tree with Che and Castro Ballz?
Family 
Meryl for president ......  Because she's better than you!
nice pick

@BarackObama
Hello
cool familly Obama
Happy  ew Year
Wait 8 yrs no #MerryChristmas  from Obama Family! Always Happy holidays.  Now they take a fake ass pic with some elf kids they probley got from the pedo train they sold their daughter to for fame. Yes what a wonderful image

كل عام وانت بخير ابو سمره
OLA BOM DIA A TODOS QUE JESUS ABENÇOE
Happy new year Sir
happy new year from our family to yours!
Thank you, former FLOTUS and your entire family for representing our country with dignity, grace and honor. Happy New Year!!
Thank you!
God, we miss you all!
@BarackObama
Most beautiful first family EVER!

عيد سعيد ..وكل الأمنيات الجميلة لكم احبتي..
best wish
Why did you use an old picture?
I/we miss you so much.  Need another Obama in the White House and as leader of this country to re-establish the good respect which you carefully preserved for this country.
You are so very missed. How awful what is happening and how corrupt the White house is. Nothing is what it should be....HELP
Right back at you. We miss you.
Happy New Years President Obama.
Glad your not POTUS, it will be s better year
Varicose veins are a serious health and cosmetic issue for many people. SoHo Vascular Surgery is an industry leading provider of vascular care led by Feng Qin MD. http://varicoseveins.com/                http://sohovascularsurgery.com/ 
Happy New Year's
Happy New Year Obama Family I love you
Happy New year Obama & Ur family ! Great president in history# !
Aren’t you glad 45 let you say that again? Like there aren’t five hundred examples of you saying it.
Thanks
Hellow are you ok
@MichelleObama  is so beautiful best FLOTUS ever!!!   #forevermyflotus 
Merry Christmas to the First Beautiful Family you are very missed wish you all many blessings in the New Year!!!!
Bosonario 2018
IS @OBAMA IN GITMO?

Love the little guy on the bottom right.  Good sense of humor there.
We miss you all !!!!!!!!
Barack Obama .... The GOAT!
Happy Christmas to you  Barack Obama
White House Prom 1975. http://Www.authortommiemcneil.com 
Thank you as well Happy Holidays and Wounderfull New Year Conning ! 
Thank you all so much.  Much love, joy & peace to you & your family.

Merry Christmas! The elves are so cute
Thanks...same to u sir
Great pic!!!!!! We miss you all!!!!!!!
Old picture for a jealous has been. You can sit down now. We now have a great leader. @realDonaldTrump
come back Barrack ,we need your family ,the bloody world needs you,from a distraught welshman,you gave 8 yrs of love
Nothing could be finer! Love you all so much!!! #stillmyPresident
Merry Christmas, Obamas. Thank you for being impeccable role models for the World! Happy New Year!
This makes me sad. For America. Most of the country really misses you being in the White House. Hope you and your beautiful family have a happy New Year.

Oh how I miss you all.  You did you time, enjoy life!  Peace to you,
Мне очень нравится фото.
ماشاءالله ربنا يحفظكم
Mmm
...
. 0p
how are you barack obama

OUBAMA PRESEDEN.MANEFIK. BON. VIEMBAREK
Bonjour obama
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982896486135582720 … 3784
UNIQUE WOLF HEAD NECKLACE
Perfect gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1iESko  
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1iESko    
…


njoo  bongo
Nice
I love you...!
Thérèse are some orvets Good surprises Thatcher You havé provocate and waited for... f
Hie mujahid
Grandios christmas full of joy

wow 
Badiya hai sirji...

http://ali.pub/2e36zi 

Sir so nice
http://videobulur.com/video/tarih/platon_tarihe_damga_vuran_sozleri-72799428 … #amerina #obama

http://videobulur.com/video/tarih/elon_musk_tarihe_damga_vuran_sozleri-72799428 … #obama

