Thanks for recognizing all of us.  We miss you!
You are a true President.  A President for all of us!  Thank you!
We love you!
We sure do
I'm truly loving these threads, everyone wants the Obama's to come back

We love you!!!
Please come baaaack!!!!
I miss your class and intelligence every time you tweet!!
Exactly classy and the the whole first family was classy!!
Classy? Definition, please?
Well Michelle never did nude photo shoots, Barack does not care for tic tacs from what his security detail says, get my drift??
Eh?


Girl don't laugh at that.  I'm so serious!  Outstretched arms AND sad eyes.
This was the don't go one that...had me crying last year...and wait just typing it seems like it was so long ago but nope only a year.  This mess....
LOLOL!
Wouldn't it be awesome to have a President Obama and 1st Man,  Barack.  I would definitely vote for Michelle.
Same here!
Get lost ...
You are a President for all people. We miss you.  Thank you for all you do.
Thank you, we miss having an adult in the Oval Office.
GOAT
anda adalah seorang presiden yang akan sangat dikenang ....bahkan oleh masyarakat dunia- salam dari Indonesia
You're the BEST!
anti-Israel guy wishing people happy Hanukkah...wow
Miss you
We miss you! So inclusive, so Presidential!!!
Inclusive?
Yes, inclusive. Do you need me to define it?

You do know that anyone can make one like this.
Love and miss you and your family 

The President knows what to say and when. 

We miss you more than words, Mr President. 
I'LL second that http://motion.You  sure are missed something fierce Mr.Obama.I really wish you and Joe Biden were still in the White House.We're in Big Trouble now.
Miss you so much
And also to the singles without families. #HappyChanukah
We miss you, President Obama!

Thank you.
Dear President Obama, 
Please come back. Sincerely, me and probably a handful of others.

Two faced Kenyan

That Kenyan is laughing at you
Merry Christmas, Pres. Obama.  I just told Adam Schiff to run for Presidrnt in 20/20
Happy Channuka!
Love  u!
Since when did you ever care about Jews?
Mr Obama has always cared and it is only the right wing amongst we Jews who portray him as otherwise.
I want a specific example as to Obama ‘despising ‘ Israel. Is it because he supported a peace process? What evidence to you have to make that statement? It’s absurd.
How about when he gave an actual palette of cash to a regime that wants Israel wiped off the map?
You ‘re talking about Iran? How much cash did he give? Please indicate where I may find this information? I would like to read about the details of what ever deal was made between the United States and  Iran.
$400 million in cash. 

"The money was flown into Iran on wooden pallets stacked with Swiss francs, euros and other currencies."
People like @JohnCrespi probably promoted things like Pizza Gate while staying quiet on any of trump scandals . Don’t bother with these people . Dying breed .

the latke in the bottom picture to the top left of the pan is going to be the best.
Lol!
I'm very pro-crispiness right on the border of burnt when it comes to these.  Just an fyi haha!
Duly noted when we visit NY19!!
Or next time NY19 comes to the city!
You got it!
No one day goes by, that I don’t thank God your no longer our President 
Two spelling errors & one grammatical error, Patricia.
Thanks you A mother’s work is never done She works from morning until dawn She spreads her love And keeps you warm But only once a year we say Mother we wish you “Happy  Day”
If all the girls lived on the other side of the sea, what a good swimmer I would be? Barack Obama  please come back to U S  need to
This is wonderful
I love you, PRESIDENT Obama @realDonaldTrump
We miss you. Please Mrs. Michelle Obama run for president so we can get this family back where they belong!!!! We need y'all back
We miss you so much, President Obama.
Thank you President Obama . Love from our family to yours!!
Return the nobel peace prize- hezbollah's secret ally
We miss you Mr. President!
Thank you. Boy, do we miss you!!!!  Merry Christmas to you and your family. #thirdtermneeded #dumptrump
Rush Limbaugh Explains How ‘Obama Weaponized the FBI Against Trump’ http://truthfeednews.com/rush-limbaugh-explains-how-obama-weaponized-the-fbi-against-trump/ … via @truthfeednews
Nice bot, comrade.
Good god I miss you
What?
Is there confusion?
Mini-stroke, sorry.
Please @BarackObama come back and do somthing about #NetNeutality #NetNeutrality
Congress Can Still Change This That Will Most Likely Happen Hope..?
Me too bro
President Trump threatens the UN to defund countries that don't support a US Embassy in Jerusalem. This is what is called, leading from in front. Thank God we FINALLY have a president with guts and determination!
When TRUMP says it is going to happen it will happen. It's not a  threat it's a promise.
This is a Real President
Disagree. The U.S. made a smart move and made a deal to have an enemy without nuclear weapons than one with. Trump is a pervert and a dismal failure.
Of course, you have every right to disagree and I look forward to a civil debate with you on this issue.
Iran deal sucks but it was better than no deal and the US didn't have leverage to get a better deal.
Actually, sometimes you have to leave well enough alone. This "deal" allowed Iran to get the money and ability to some terror around the world... And let them legally get the bomb shortly.
That money was held by other countries and not by the US, and those countries did the US a favor to withhold those funds with the understanding that a deal would be reached. The US couldn't delay or hold that back further.

MERRY CHRISTMAS
I'm from germany and there is a text like "media not illustrated because you don't want to see" and i have to tap "show me" hahaha
Rip free speech i wanted to see this
The secret backstory of how Obama let Hezbollah off the hook... sickening!
Many thanks and u r more missed than you could even begin to grasp. Happy holidays to you and ur wonderful family

@BarackObama Come back, we need you!
This is us with out you 
OBAMA THE COUNTRY DESTROYER. WORST PRESIDENT EVER ELECTED.
Yep!
Thank you Mr. President
Trump is president
Yup! FO!
We miss you! Signed, The Whole Darned World.
Lol...

Too ashamed to show your face SQWEEZ? hope I spelled your name correctly since I don't have the Russian alphabet on my phone

Soros made you say that 
Good man better than Donald trump repost if you agree
No RT’s 
Excuse me, but where did #Hanukkah take place?

@emma07xo
thanks Joshua and former mr president
he’s my president
You refuse to celebrate or say Merry Christmas. You try to interfere with the elections in Israel and you wanted them out of the UN - and now you are pretending to care about Hanukkah. FRAUD
"It's very clear that they conspired to frame the incoming President of the United States."— Joe diGenova on allegations of anti-Trump bias at @FBI and @TheJusticeDept  #Tucker  http://fxn.ws/2yFQur6 
Why did you sell us out to Hezbollah drug dealers?
Mr Obama you are hypocrite who betrayed Israel and America for drug trafficking terrorists Hezbollah and the number one sponsor of radical Islamic terrorism...Iran. Your deceit and covert support of the Muslim Brotherhood agenda is exposed #Trump #MAGA #Obama #Hannity #USA #US
#PayToPlay payoffs #ClintonFoundation OBAMA and Hillary GUILTY #UraniumOneDeal #Russia KEEP TWEETING this
Yeah!!!
You're fake...Hanukkah? Really? When you're in bed with Iran, Hezbollah & Palestinians & despots? You'll say/do anything just to keep your name out there. The only time Americans want to hear your name is when you're sentenced to Leavenworth.
We love you and miss you, Pres. Obama!  Much love to you, Michelle, and the girls!
Can you come back for a 3rd term? Please? we’ll give you and joe matching aviator sun glasses .
HA! Watch Liberals LOVING the GOP Tax Plan When They Think It’s Bernie’s http://truthfeednews.com/ha-watch-liberals-loving-the-gop-tax-plan-when-they-think-its-bernies/ … … via @truthfeednews
My president
Thanks
Thank YOU, Mr. President!

Merry Christmas to you, Michelle, Sasha & Malia!

May the new year bring truth, justice, love and joy for us all!
Michelle Obama Neighborhood Library: Where Satanic Drag Queens Read To Children - https://www.cernovich.com/michelle-obama-satanic-drag-queen/ …
Thank you Mr. President. You'll always be MY President! #bringbackbarack

RT. GOP Congressman Sends Letter Demanding Investigation of Obama Admin and Hezbollah #ProsecuteObama #FusionGPS #UraniumOne #ObamaHezbollahTraffickers
I miss you so much!!
Class Act man you make me proud

Omg come back please
@realDonaldTrump Unlike the orange cheeto, pres obama knows how to spell Hanukkah !
#Divider In Chief... How Does It Feel To Be The Worst President Ever In America.. You Did More Damage To Your Race Than Anyone .
You Had The Chance To Make It Better.. You Created Division. #Kenya Called They Want Their Clown Back!
Israel & USA forever
I swear to bring the US to a low that has never been!
Merry Christmas! I wonder what  Hezbollah sent you guys for Christmas this year?
@BarackObama 
•Forgot to explictly reference losers and haters, like WH Occupier does

•Feels a bit empty w/o insults, like we’re #cult45 members w/o a self-proclaimed prophet to try to rip apart our self-esteem

•Seriously: thanks, & happiest of holidays to you & your family
Be a president again!!!!
Seriously worried about these 600k plus ppl that still haven’t figured you out yet. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Thank Pres. Obama. I still think of you as my PRES of the U.S.. OF AMERICA . Missed u on Fairfax L.A. when you  in CA. Merry Christmas
#MerryChristmas Mr. Evil 

NOW LIVE: The secret backstory of how the Obama administration let Hezbollah off the hook http://politico.com/project-cassandra … 
We all know your a chameleon. You love Hezbola*h & Iran. We all know of your Islamist UN agenda; But your evil plan failed to derail @Potus
President Obama did far more for Israel than any of his predecessors. Even Netanyahu openly admitted it. Yet Netanyahu, who has sold his soul to power n money and driven Israel to a far-right, tried repeatedly to undermine Prez BO. 

Ideology of hate destroys the soul.
How dare you the way you treated Israel was disgusting.
Obama helped allow Hezbollah’s drug-trafficking and money-laundering operations — a
 35-year-old anti-Israel criminal enterprise, to evolve into a major global security threat bankrolling terrorist and military operations.

I do think you are better,you will back right?
Most admired man period (any year ... any competitor)
Can u be our president again
Always so sensitive and inclusive.  Thanks for modeling character!
Yes I forgot what that was like
Please come back!  I think there is a place saved for you at the table!
Wouldn’t that be wonderful
Boy I miss you, President Barack Obama. You were one fine president & made us proud to be Americans unlike the current loser in the White House who has destroyed our democracy, the office of president & our standing abroad.
Miss you Obama!!!! Happy Holidays....
By they way  Mr.Barack Obama you and I share the same Birthday August 4th Leo's Rule.Happy Holidays.
Why do you say Happy Hanukkah but not Merry Christmas?
Damnnnnn Daniel
Thank u you were  better than trump in time prove will see that!!!
U were better than trump.in time people  will see that!!!
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Wish you could be here!  100% graduation, 53 million in scholarships, National Honor Society.
This school does your name proud.
Hi Barack. Would u do me the honour of having tea with you sometime. I'd love to interview you about your life pre presidential day and post. I would love to hear from you. Your most humble servant. Randolph Sutherland London England. God bless you and God bless the US
Yes please come back we have a very special boot for you 
But you hated and still hate Israel. Thank God you're gone for good.
What a mensch!! Extra latkes for you!!
@BarackObama I have learned that somethings don't need a response especially from ignorant people. I must say God, will protect, and cover his people against the enemy. #beblessmrpresident
Thanks for pretending
Thanks
OMG!!!
@realDonaldTrump was right all along.
By wishing people of other faiths a Happy Holy Day Christianity is RUINED.
If only there was one phrase we could use that would cover ALL of them.... Merry Holy Days? Blessed Holy Days?.. How about Happy Holy Days, would that work?
Thank you. My wife is Jewish, I'm atheist, my children are a healthy mix, and we all consider you the greatest president our country has ever had. We wish you and your family good health and happiness.
Missing u bunches !!! Your positivity is profoundly missed !!! No matter what, u provided HOPE.  Your greatest gift to us all. Thank you Mr. PRESIDENT BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA. YOU'RE THE BEST WE EVER HAD & DESPARATELY MISS...
He was just President he was king of the world
I'll give you five dollars if you'll come be the President again.
Same to all of you.from New Zealand.
Thank you and more blessings for you and your family .  Please come back!
To you and your wonderful family.  Much missed. Blessings
Kudos on your Hebrew. Except for the spelling of Chanukah. Or is it Hannukah? What matters most is bringing LIGHT into the darkness. Merry Christmas to you and your family as well.
Best President Barack Obama
We had hoped you had been silenced for eternity. No matter. You’ll fry while we watch. #TheStormIsHere for TRAITORS
wish you were still #MyPresident
would have been a happier Hanukkah had you recognized Jerusalem as the capital 9 years ago
Hello @AirCanada flight 1238 canceled due to no pilot after 3 hour delay. Now waiting an extra hour luggage. Let us out. #betterservice #aircanada

#FactsFirst #RealTalk #WaynesTake 
Just now watching Mr Robot and it’s cool that you actually took time out of ur presidency to film a little scene. Major props. Love you and miss you!
I want you back as a President, donald trump has ruined everything, pls
Miss you
Os brasileiros de love 
Same to your Family. 
How about Kwanzaa
LMAO — dude, you pissed on the back of the Jewish people and tried to overthrow their election when Benjamin Netanyahu.  What a snake you really are.  American is witnessing a true miracle today.  God bless the USA and our 45 th POTUS.
Happy Hanukkah ? 
What ? 
I thought you helped Hezbollah escape from sanctions 
עלק חג שמח באימא שלי שהוא שונא אותנו
hi pls be president again. we miss u
Happy holidays to you @BarackObama
The one and only. Thanks for being.
Creating worst ever relationship with israel u now dare say happy hanukah! My answer to this - happy u r gone!
Why bother, is real doesn’t recognize you. They only recognize you as a traitor. Merry Christmas.
I, as an American citizen, miss you in office; even as a typically conservative voter. You were/are one of the top diplomats of my generation. #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump #imissobama #changingsides
WOW! Former Clinton Strategist Admits Mueller and FBI’s Bias Has Been EXPOSED http://truthfeednews.com/wow-former-clinton-strategist-admits-mueller-and-fbis-bias-has-been-exposed/ … via @truthfeednews
-  We love you.......Come backkkkk!!
Your amazing
Hello obama my name is jesus i was wondering if you could help me iam trying to put a end on this drugs believe or not i could help alot but i dont havve the contacts that u probaly have if you could contact me on my cel phone number i live in mexico 6674722353 thank you
Salam Aleikum to yours!
Everybodywangchungtonight
Go away Obama!
So far no Merry Christmas from that closet Jihadist, communist radical, and foreign student Obama..

Ok, Merry Christmas
and let's MAGA 

Miss you!
i from ivory coast in africa . nice
I really want to be at a communal Seder in Chitown when you and the Divine Ms M can make it! "We were once slaves in Egypt."
Nothing but respect for you Mr president
Sir i am from sri lanka i don't know goog english sorry for that
sir this is my chidran ve don'have anione help ve don't have hous mony,my childran need shool bag ,book,shoos,cloth, food, and no fathar sir if i am,doing somthing wrong  i am, sory sir  ve need someone help
Marty Christmas and Happy Hanukkah to all. May God Bless each and everyone during this wonderful holiday season
Merry Christmas to you and your beautiful wonderful family Mr. President we miss you
Thank you beautiful god of heart best wishes to all of yours amen.
https://twitter.com/MarkYoungTruth/status/945011634396893185 …

READ ol' Barack. Thoughts?
Imagine you’re a sitting President. You pick your successor, weaponize the FBI, DOJ & IRS against the opponent. You control 90% of the media. You have 2X the ad budget, you collude with foreign powers against challenger, & you lose to a reality TV Star you claim is beneath you.
Dang you must have the most bots on your account following you then anyone I know must be getting pretty expensive about now
RT Obama is a small, vindictive man who had the chance to use his office to harass a man he hates, so of course he did it.
Wasted millions. Didn't care.
你真的是Obama嗎？
May you have a wonderful day, be blessed with many more years. Happy birthday, sir. Mr President.
Barack you were the best. Took us from a failing economy to 20,000 in the market and no controversy or indictments in 8 yrs. Thanks and Happy Holidays!
We love and miss you
Thanks for appointing #AjitPai.  You may be better than trump, but you're still a #scumbag.  You also murdered an American citizen and his kid with a #dronestrike, as well as a ton of other civilians...  Trump won't make me forget.
Thank you so much for the Hanukkah greetings! Miss you! You’re the best!
https://youtu.be/RkTbtZJj3V0  
ineed to check Microsoft edge of what HANUKKAAH festival is but i think all dry areas which psych out public need vegetarian restaurants?um*
Thank you !!



Yes! And this too!
