@BarackObama


Muffins
, what a wonderful person.
.@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …
@BarackObama

Hey new balance shoes made mostly in America
happy new year
@AlexPer32602913 Our kids have hope now after getting you OUT! Worse 8 years....
Oh shut up already.
The country misses you and your family. I believe even your detractors miss you. What are we going to do?
DONT MISS U
opa beauty obama I just want to say some things you are much better than trump I do not know if I can but if it is when the elections .
participates I will win the presidency again I am Brazilian
Can he be Vice President and have Biden be president
I miss having a president that cared about kids and the future. Instead we have a man who cares about himself and himself.
Don't forget also other wealthy people that kiss his ass..
Proud of you my president
We went from an Aston Martin to a Ford.
You are being way too kind.  We went from an Aston Martin to a Yugo, one of the worst cars ever made.
You should do a documentary, the way you captivate an audience. Your achievements are great, and continue to inspire nxt gen. Keep it up!
Come back king
#makeovamalookgenius
Miss you @BarackObama
I love you too muchhhh
Keep up the good work daddy, WE MISS YOU!!!
Proud of you for all you did for our country, sir!
Thank you President Obama - we all need hope right now in these terrible times.
Omg look how happy they are. So awesome.
This how a President should be!!
There isn't much hope coming from the White House. Nice to see this at least.
So glad that you are still inspiring us all Mr. Obama. Love ya.
Times are dark :(.
You wouldn't be the first 3 term president you know, right???
You are what inspires us.
"Hope is the basis of our nation, the belief that destiny is written by us." - Barack Obama
At least we still have one of you. Thank you. We all still need your inspiration. - America
The way these kids look at you. You're such a role model for so many. We love you Mr President.
We love you Mr President and are proud of their accomplishments as well thank you for sharing good news
We miss you!  Wish you could run again in 2020.  This country needs REAL leadership.
Please come back!
this shit ruined America
Engaged and connected with America...

Thank you, Mr. President, for continuing to share your inspiring messages! 

いまコーンフレークの無糖のやつ食べたよ
甘くなくてそんなに甘くなかったよ
間のちょうどいいのでないかな
おばま頑張れo(^_^)o
i like father Obama . god blss you
Obama don't go away angry.... just go AWAY!!!!!
i miss you

And hearing from you makes US hopeful about our future.
Mr. President!!!!
Best of the best
Please go away obammy
Can you please get rid of that useless piece of crap before he kills everyone 
I miss you so much.
Come back.
BarACK come BACK!
what about libyans future you left behind you ? welling to see an answer from you
Americans don't give a fuck about Libya Syria or anywhere that isn't mostly white people
i know just reminding him he the one should got that stick in his ass not geddafi ... come n clean ur mess hypocrite
The future is great as long as we can get Trump out of office sometime soon.
Once the country can start relying on science again and stop calling science FAKE NEWS we will be in great shape.
Education is the key to success. One day hopefully we can have free education for all.
Hopefully more democrats like Pelosi can begin having a great impact again.
Each time I get a notification of an Obama tweet I almost forget about the trumpmare.
*shakes head and limbs free of slumber dander*..... No, this is reality. Thanks Obama for still being (a) present.
nice
Se todos os presidentes fosse como o senhor, teriamos um mundo feliz. É bom saber que o senhor se preocupa com os jovens, obrigado senhor  Obama...
@BarackObama
We love you! Come back!
Speak for yourself! 

Don't send me your juvenile GIFs. Grow up! 
Grow up? You're rolling your eyes like a 10 year old to someone you don't even know to a comment I made on behalf of myself. YOU GROW TF up!
For someone who is no longer POTUS, you're surely obsessed w/ Barack Obama. Clearly, he's done something right to have loons like you mad.
When I say "we" you aren't someone I would even think of including in my calculus. Please, don't flatter yourself, sweetheart.
@BarackObama , am a kenyan 34 yr old and inspired by your. You made me feel like america/ the world was just next door from my bedroom. I feel there is nothing impossible no matter what obstacles come my way. We are going to leave a better world to the next generation. YES WE CAN
Basis education the child himself bud those who comes after this parents,school and church cots who playso more this the clutch thanks His Excellency
911 THE TRUTH IF YOU CAN HANDLE IT
Get out the way your no longer president thank god . godbless trump
The equipped youth for tomorrow
@BarackObama
ظظزظظظظ
You are well done!
SCREW YOU!  YOUR IDEAL FUTURE IS MUSLIMS OVERTAKING THE COUNTRY & THE WORLD!  WHO DO YOU THINK YOUR KIDDING U LIEING THIEF & TRAITOR!?????
You're a war criminal
Glad you support my fellow Techites!!#trotlynn
I miss you.

Video: police arrest looters caught on Camera as Hurricane Irma ripped through Florida https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/11/video-police-arrest-looters-caught-on-camera-as-hurricane-irma-ripped-through-florida/ … via @wordpressdotcom
The fact that you are still engaged in things like this give me hope about our future
Barack, Please mentor those that want to be Politicians. You can be a University Professor. I hope you consider it in the near future.
great
True leader
good
Your future or thier future loser
Read on "G+"my new poem.
*30 but goes back to school waiting around for Obama like*
I'll put you down for September the 13th? How's that? Yeah, good? K thanks!
Sir please sir message me personally I have a problem bro sir
Third term PLEASE....

M
Keep the positive spirit Prez!
https://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/?view=snapshot  4444
Awesome
Can we make this a meme
You are very missed Mr President
I Hope you mr continus in dedication for all people Words, and thanks for all
Donald Trump should learn inspirational and presidential tweets from the presidential President Barack Obama
Cgb http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/?m=1hjj 
대통령님 존경합니다 사랑합니다 축복합니다 건강하세요
HAHAHAHA 100 times more intelligent, than the inept , delusional Fool., who has infested the WH , in the past 8 months
They should all be strung up like you said
Your are so desperately missed as the president @barackobama
You mean brainwashing people
And every day, every hour, your service, comforting voice letting us know UR there & U truly care about us, is seriously missed!!
Good
Tory Wynter so inspired future leaders of the world
World Beat Dancing that is why I wrote and released a song
Titled:"ListenToThe Children"
- Nice - Well said Mr. President.
You are not a president . No one cares what you think. Go away . To little to late.
What the future that u have tried to take n give to Muslims and terrorism and low down criminal illegals and pardoned criminals
Proud my ass
Tu é o cara
waho great
You are a great inspiration.
I know d feeling!! d year of 1991 I helped former Rep. Mel Reynolds start his youth mentor-ship program!! Great sharing my intellect w/#them
Good
Obama, get over yourself! You aren't qualified to teach anything! Not even constitutional law as you violated it more than any President!
Not sure how this works, my dreams last were filled with you and michelle, you were most gracious, dreams most heartwarming !
Sou fã desse cara!!!
Thank god the most divisive President in history is no longer in office. Good riddance.
Good Morning / Night Sir. 
Have A Nice Sunday With A Prayer .God Bless U All Sir.
Proud of you! COME BACK. WE'RE SORRY
 Good Job McKinley Tech!! #AlumniC/O 97
يوم أسود وعهد أسود وحكم أسود
ي أفقر من عرفه التاريخ
hello sir your are number one president in USA

Good to know. Pls Mr Obama, can you put together some relief measures to the US Virgin Islands of St John and St Thomas. Plzzzzz
Miss you!
The world will miss you as a president till the end of time
You are the best, sir!  Those kids will carry this memory forever.  Thank you for your service.
Why does this make me feel sad.
Please STOP! You are no longer potus. GWB left you alone and did not continue 2 communicate as you are doing! You are causing dissension!!
There are no possible words that can be said to describe how much we miss you, sir.
Respect from Pakistan #permotepeaceacrossboder
i love you
We love and miss you! 

EXPOSED: Hillary Clinton Moved 800K From Her Campaign To Help Fund ANTIFA http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/09/exposed-hillary-clinton-moved-800k-campaign-help-fund-antifa/ …
Hello Mr Obama
Its not like we wont have a future now that Trunp is incharge 
You get cool point for this insprational move.
Priceless reactions...
you are the best, ever!
Thank you for visiting McKinley Tech. I am a graduate, 1969.  I currently live in Oberbayern, Germany.  You and Tech are FANTASTIC!
This is awesome I would so be that boy with my hand on my heart.  Freaking out
Admiro muito senhor presidente, para mi serás sempre o presidente exemplar, homem com muito carácter.
Don't ever change just to impress and please someone. Change because it makes you a better person & it leads you to a better future.
Good
success coming from education when we care in this point we can success
We hop to find  good and free ducation in the world
You're the best!
What is necessary to impeach #45? Is taking so long and becoming a horror bigger and bigger.
Always thankful and proud for your public service!
I miss you so much
careful
Love seeing you involved in the community!  You are a special man
Surely, there will be a post-Trump era we all hope for. My current wish is that you inspire promising candidates for 2020 and unify the Dems
