.@BarackObama will join four young leaders for a conversation on civic engagement in Berlin. Hear their stories: https://medium.com/@ObamaFoundation/join-president-obama-in-berlin-b51df1233a94 …
I really miss you sir!  It's just a shame that you weren't able to completely "child-proof" the WhiteHouse AND the job for DJT!  
He was to busy funding terrorist and taking money from white rich one percenters.BTW as soon as he was done who did he want to hang out with
You are saying President Obama was funding terrorists?    Well Mr Buchanan I only have 1 response to you: adjust your tinfoil hat,it slipped
Who's the biggest state sponsor of terrorist and had money snuck over. Then cut them a check for 150 billion.
It wasn't paid to Iran, it was returned to the rightful owner of said funds. They paid us for weapons but then we sanctioned them-returnedIt
And the 400 million shipped in at night unmarked bills different currency?
Their money being repaid. They couldn't get actual dollars due to sanctions. That was way cheaper than going to war in Iran! The deal isGood
Ran out of room to finish sentence? The deal is good for terrorist.
They're trying to taint your legacy, but we all know that you did your best to make the  better
Aint that the truth!
And he did it with the racist senators, etc fighting him EVERY STEP of the way! #GOAT
i get filled up every time i see a pic of him now. tears in my eyes.
He can't solve all of the problems, but to sit there and say that he doesn't have a good heart is ABSURD!.
Just an all around classy family. Real class. Not pretending like the Trump clan...
He treats Melania like  she's not a happy woman.
The video today of her slapping his hand away proved it. Too funny
Thank you for your time as #POTUS please continue to be an example of what USA can be.  #GoHigh
He can't hear you he's vacationing with his rich white buddies.
Which part bothers you more - that he has white friends, or that white people have black friends? Seems to really upset you.
Neither. The fact he pimped the minority community for votes then left them in worse shape. Then first thing he does is go hang with 1% 
@MarcusJ68064985 who's been pimping u ?all of your miserable life.HATER
Name one way the minority community got better under Obama?
Hmmm. That's a tough one. How about ensuring 25 mil people got health ins. Or the LBGTQ community finally were treated as equal. Want more?
Help us 
Good !
Great sir ji
Respect...
* Jai Hind*
Come back. Change your name and come back!

He looks like Richard prior in this pic 

Namskar.jai.hind
#44 Fmr.Pres Barack Obama ,A Good Monday! The OBAMA FAMILY
take the rest of us with you?
Leave now
i need to buy shorts.  Gimme a few hours.
You will fit right in with the Germans.
I do like beer and bratwurst
the Germans are better than Trump supports, for sure
The Democrats and the Nazis both hate Jews. Look in the mirror
No Democrats I know hate Jews. Especially the ones who ARE Jews.
When will you come back and be our president? Please!
This could be what we are about to be dealing with.
I think a third term is worth the risk
I WISH he could be prez again!
Putin misses him too! #upyours
You could start your own country and we will come with you. These Trump lovers can have this place. We can start fresh.
Since YOU can't be .@POTUS again, can you train someone? Anyone? Srsly, my cat could do better than .@realDonaldTrump 
WE MISS YOU &  U
we miss you

https://youtu.be/2eT-2sifsxY 
cool
KOELN:
@ObamaFoundation 
@ObamaFoundation U're still the true peoples president even @retirement... love u sir.
Please come back!!
Yep brought to you by the Muslim in Chief @BarackObama and @brhodes and terrorism enablers extradorinaire
@ObamaFoundation @Medium come back :(
Hi
Come back babe.
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/update-makalah-ulumul-hadist-of-kampus.html …
i miss you
Thank you fir everything Sir.
You are still my president.
Shows why Dems don't control anything any more. Thanks Obama come back in four yrs republican need more seats
Do you get off on killing innocent animals?
Do you get off by killing innocent babies? I'm pro choice with animals
PLEASE TAKE ME!!!!!
How my husband and I definitely feel.
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982723421326004224 … 4780
Are you Viking lovers ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/cy7tde 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/cy7tde 
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time
…
dad
We miss you sir!!!!
No thanks, I heard 8 years too much!
Miss you! 
Omg....I so miss you.  
