You have always had my utmost respect. Your integrity shines like few others. I miss you every day and the vision you have for the US
Seeing Obama & Michelle photo after long time.  Added few of their motivational quotes in my app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.qualitypointtech.quotes … #mondaymotivation
Sending love to you, family Obama From The Netherlands.
We are forever grateful of you
Case in point.
I am begging you please come back and find a way to be president again. America needs you
Now now, be real. There's no point living in illusion. Plenty of good men/women out there, Obama's earned the right to take his life back. 
You're right. We just miss having an intelligent, thoughtful president who doesn't embarrass us
Much love and respect to you too sir
Miss you
Our country is in deep trouble..we miss you so much! Please help us get this crime family out of the WH!
支持您奥巴马总统
We are also grateful for our wonderful leaders in this country. Especially you Mr President! 
God Bless America
You are so missed!! God bless you!!
Forever grateful for your presidency.
And we're grateful for YOU and your family, and MISS YOU SO MUCH!!!
Wish you were still the Prez!
Thanks Barry.
Thank you for your service. You're sorely missed
I pray!
Now this is presidential- no caveats, no boasts, nothing but a simple gesture of gratitude
Thank you Mr. President 
May their gentle souls know the rest of Almighty God.
Come back PLEASE
I'm grateful for your 8yrs of service as Commander-In-Chief. 
And the VNVet who stopped me from joining MedCorp in 71.
He saved my life.
Please come back
So many wars fought over Muslim attacks over the Centuries and in 8 years all you did was give them more power and protect them. 
Islam Evil
If your statement is true in this photo then why did you never salute our military why did you never stand behind our military you're a fu*king trailer bit*h and I hope you don't like my tweet suck my , NO I wouldn't let you touch me ,
President Obama, you are my hero.
R U still here?
Pls go away...
Mr Obama, you got a twitter to now! Or had it for long? Joining the trend? Just please not act like the other guy. Thanks from Norway :-)
Help us. This guy that replaced you suuuuuucks
And President Obama....thank YOU so much for YOUR service ,class ,dignity and eloquence
IF you loved this country, you wouldn't run over to Germany to undermine it's current President right before he gets there. #Disrespect4Vote
من الجميل رؤية هكذا منظر
Such grace. Thank you for your always thoughtful Tweets.
When you stare in the eyes of hate.
Putin knew he was looking into a pair of traitors eyes that's why he stared him down right back & called himLAMEDUCK whenHe told them 2 Quit

And Obama stood strong & told him to stop interfering smh glad Putin listened and stood out of our election

You keep making these accusations with no proof what so ever about president Trump
What accusations? Are you having a stroke?
Assuming I was defending somebody when I stated a fact idiot sounds like you're having a stroke about now :\

Thank you Baba
تو برای من قابل احترامی 
People may not agreed with your policies but no one can argue how you held the presidency with the most highest standard.
Of lying cheating and deception!!
Please explain his lying cheating American hating ways. I'm curious what you think.
Not agreeing with Obama's policy is one thing.  But its another thing honoring the office and trying to do the right thing. Thats Obama.
The right thing... giving Iran money in the dead of night, unmasking Trump and US citizens...undermining Israelis election, & Muslim brohood
Obama is a spider, working with Iranian Jarrett for weakening America and strengthening Iran. I just hate what he did to this great Nation
Nice pic

"Amen"
why do we have a foo L in the white house?
I miss your leadership, Michelle's kindness and knowledge and your wonderful girls.  USA isn't the same without YOU.
Yeah. It's BETTER!!!! #Jobs #Patriotism #AmericaFirst #MAGA #Trumptrain
That's ok.  Hope you're ready to crash on that crazy Trump train!  Mr. Obama has more integrity in his pinky than Trump.
IM SORRY WOOF WOOF WOOF LIKE THIS I PROPHESIED A MANS DEATH HERE AW WELL ITS ALL OVER BYE MEN BYE
oh sweeet free cobblestone in minecraft
Now this really made me laugh. You micro managed our military. So glad, our Military is getting stronger now that @realDonaldTrump is our Commander in Chief.
Grateful to have you as a president
Such an airhead... "love you" Bwahahaha
Not to be mean but that is what I'm reading in your tweets. The call of"Help I need to learn how to love myself and others"
Preach that to your community who desperately needs it!
hi
You are not those people who have sent to Afghanistan to kill them. They say that God has sent you to Jahannah.
3†*,3#*3#||#,|,|,¢×\||\£|©\\€,©|<€\®\,|\\©\,•©•€¢\\|
God love USA
I aggree, we need hou nowm
Really? I remember Michelle saying she was proud for the first time when all the idiots elected you to the presidency. Where's the love, Barack and Michelle?

Thank you for your service
Thankful Everyday for Our Kings&Queens 
.@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
We Love hou and we really do miss hou. We need hou as our sage president.
Go back to kenya
Your senseless wars in Libya, your support for insurgencies, spread chaos and endless war around the world. Give back your "peace prize"
As an American Vet can you let this cease on our Memorial Day. Are you with us or not?. I remember Libya back oh over 10 years.
My heart breaks for all the Americans and people all over the world who died in senseless wars from Vietnam to Iraq.
Then u should really hate Trump ramping up our men for war
See my TL. @canales_olivia
You should change your Twitter ID to PacifistAli. Stay strong in your battle. Hate only breeds hate. Love and Truth will always prevail.
The Left doesn't know what love means
They have a much firmer grasp than the right.
WE MISS YOU THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA MISS YOU
The entire civilized world misses him.
You must be high! You can have him and if you're not from America then he can ruin your country too!
That's what you're worth to me. NOTHING
CHICAGO CARNAGE: BLACK ACTIVISTS SLAM #REALFAKE TRUMP TOWER DECEPTION https://youtu.be/7dLCHECi1wY  via @YouTube

As we are grateful for yours as well sir.
you got me teary eyed Lisa. truth.
I am sorry my friend, his post did that to me and brought up how much he is missed.
no sorry needed. you are not alone.

if you love this country so much why did you work so hard to change it. It will take decades to repair it...if we ever can.
My family is Military and he weakened us. It has been so sad but now on the way back to being the strongest Armed Service again!!
You understand that Arms manufacturers are the only ones getting paid under trump not the actual service men & women no raises for them..?
The longer you are in the better raise. It has not taken place yet. My nieces will get 50 more a month my nephews 115. I am not a Rep/Dem
You were the best president i have seen ever.. 
I'm sorry I have to. BULLSHIT!!!! If you are actually believe that you are insane.
Not an idiot I just know the Constitution. The government cannot endorse or persecute any religion. If he tried the ACLU would have sued him

BLM has been spray paint tagging veteran's cemeteries.
I bet your followers are fake


Mr. Obama you're the biggest no count pony I've ever seen in my life I'm ashamed of you !!! I can't even believe that you are a American !!!
Went to the one in Normandy, its a harrowing site realising how many were killed in WW2. Couldn't condone war since.
Legit cried just going through your're twitter pageRNLike how cld the world not have u as the President forever.Uare a blessing EAfrican
One of many reasons we need you back in office. We need an honorable, honest, mature, caring president. Not some obnoxious pig.
Looking for a cozy place
09
good men good look men of god men of acts
Could not agree more.
If only you could teach the current administration what real honor, dignity and respect looks like. It is foreign to them. We miss you, BHO.

Why have you been shadowing our president? You hate our country and your actions prove it. I hope you get charged with treason.
¿Orgulloso de quienes Uds. (malditos genocidas) enviaron a invadir, matar, torturar y expoliar pueblos inocentes?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3FciD2EezQ … 
Your Friends Must Watch #WARx2 Movie @ #WARx2TheMovie – Exposing Arab Terrorism - -Terroristic Brainwashing
You never had respect for our military! So please stop showboating
@jsgcode he always has great huge respect for the military. You can't judge till you see for yourself. I'm a navy seal so I see
You have never cared about our military,  the United States, or American citizens.  Just be gone!
Indeed, miss u President Obama!

A friend & VietNam Veteran passed away from that dreaded Agent Orange, from which we suffer. RIP Charles "Charlie P" Powell.
REALLY???? THEN WHY DIDN'T YOU HELP THE VETERANS AS PRESIDENT???? YOU HELPED YOURSELF GET RICH.
no you're not. BLOOD of this child on your head
disgrace of unreal magnitude
Otto deserved it
Mr. O, Protect our freedoms and defend this country we love?" Mr. Pres, you never done anything of the above, but become multimillionaire!
Nice message
We send our love to u & yours.
So nice to hear love, appreciation and positivity coming our way via the airwaves. Complete opposite of current person occupying WH!
keep the Democrats out of our government!
Obama is a go of man
The best man
Good summer monday morning..to ...you mr.president...from summer helsinki finland..wishes to you..harry..what you think mr.bob marley?
Really now? Don't you mean 'this country you tried to DESTROY???'
Oh please. You never cared about them before. Who are you trying to kid?
Like you ever gave a shit about them! #WorstPresidentEver @BarackObama
Worst president ever!
Salut president s il vous une petite salutation au college marie auxiliatrice de sahagun colombie merci.
http://www.gideontanzaniasafari.com/mountains/kilimanjaro/10-days-kilimanjaro-trekking-and-wilderness-safari/ …
this is what class looks like....
You should have honored them while you served but instead you chose to support CRIMINALS/Illegals and worse! Good Ridden!
Hi mr Obama would you ever visit london again ide love to meet u
such a liar. Why don't you move the hell OUT, Indonesia sounds right
at least we happy here... problem?
Mr President if you care so much about our soldiers help President Trump make American Great Again.....for our solders
Freedom is not free!  Our military's men an women have paid the price!!  Top bad the government has reneged on their promises to them.
Its,a shame you didn't care while you where in office! AMERICANS aren't as ignorant as you think! WE KNOW what you're about!
Thanks for showing WWII vet @SenatorDole and Mrs Dole @DoleInstitute the respect they deserve  in contrast to @POTUS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2ceq_ntL1k …
Here are the corpses of those buried?
Is that why you ignored or vets and let their healthcare become non existent? You do NOT care about them so stop pretending
We never knew we had it so good...45 , God Help you DO THE RIGHT THING.. U have blood on your hands, your words were in that drivers head
عقبال ما نشوف قبرك .. عما قريب 
Good morning how are you cut off from my heart.
That's nice. Now please shut up & go away
I miss you so much President Obama!! Our Constitution is being shredded before our eyes. The least transparent administration in history SOS
Let us remember today D-Day June 6, 1944, the greatest generation fought for freedom from tyranny.
THOSE ACRES OF LITTLE WHITE CROSSES IS WHAT THE "RIGHT TO VOTE" COST !!!  THAT WHY I'LL ALWAYS HATE DAMNED MF "republicans" !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
For they r heroi

Is that why you went golfing instead while In Office?
Loved by many, missed by so many more. In your service he served this country and died. I miss my younger brother but I know he is @USNavy
I am truly grateful for the time I've served in the military because it gave me the structure to build my life on.
Indeed. God bless them.
I miss all the caring Obamas
Where is your comment on the #resistance warrior that shot the Whip today? You need to call off the wolves. It is time to end the violence.
Wars wars wars and we still do not learn
You are the greatest to have ever done it, all the love and respect to you and yours!
Nerv nicht bist kein President mehr
Lying muslim
Which country do you actually love? Kenya? Iran? Afganistan? Probably the one with the most muslims...
you are the best person ever and soft and kind hearted personal
