An announcement from President Obama: get ready for the inaugural Obama Foundation Summit. https://www.obama.org/summit  
U are the only president who will be remembered for sure than the current one
Weldon best personality in this cruel world..
I'm in
how....can....i...work...here?
I felt safe with you as our president. Now I feel anxious all the time. Thank you for posting this. It gives me hope!
You are still a tremendous inspiration to America!  Moreso then our current president for sure!
I only wish there was a way for you to come back!
Please go away, we beg you!
Could this be his 3rd inaugural address?
#Prophecies_Of_Nostradamus shows that #SaintRampalji is the changer & savoir. He has been sent by #lordkabir to give salvation 2 devotees
Great work Mr president

Four more years Mr. President. 
Please come 'be South African President
参加したいのに操作できない　ごめんね
You should of did something like this during your presidency
1 corrupt Foundation shuts down (Clinton) & another opens behind it. If he runs his foundation the way he ran America it will be broke soon.
Last time he inspired and empowered we got Trump.
I miss you so much
Love this man!!!!
Thank you Obama. I have a feeling this is going to be the best foundation yet
Meanwhile Nancy Pelosi is writing Trump's speeches
You have done more good for this country than all the Republicans in the last 50 years combined


Obama has a very joyful laugh. I miss him so much as president!
I'm glad he can destroy the country anymore.
I would love to donate this one of a kind handmade fidget spinner to your @ObamaFoundation
Let it reach us the Zimbabwean,,
Thank you thank you  ty 
Oh jeez. Globalists and their foundations. 
Michelle? Or Mike? What did you do to Joan?
Hi , How are you men!?
You both already inspire us each and every day!
Like the Clinton foundation. ??!??????????
This will be a great way to personally en-RICH yourselves just like the @ClintonFdn does for @BillClinton @HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton
Keep leading by example!  Regards to sweet @MichelleObama-You both exemplify ethics and integrity.  There will never be another like you! 
You ever see pics or footage of Michelle giving birth?

...good news for world. better news for people'.
Please come back and be our president 
Obama 2020!?!  (I know it can’t happen, but if 45 used the Russkies to get elected, why can’t you have a 3rd term? Seems fair enough.)

Always believing in you 
Common core is the dumbest shit ever created thanks for screwing our children
Come back to byward market it was a pleasure meeting you Mr. President.
I am one of those rabid followers! So what?
With a Congress that fought him and publicly berated him? I don't think so!
The first two years were spent cleaning the mess W made and saving a country. Remember he took us to the brink of collapse.
Etc
Can't believe you look up to this guy @Lordwarkworth, he is/was a twin of Tony Blair. Lets have another dinner party to thrash this out! x
In that he is a positive player, yes. I don't go for negative politics. 
True, but I also think honesty and integrity are required in a world leader! Something he was/is sadly deficient in! xxx
He said he doesn't care if the election system is fixed if it works in his favour, and encouraged violence against non-trump voters
Come back
Yes we miss you.
Have you ever read my
I'm sick of your battles for money, what do you and Michelle was doing to went from broke to new millionaires

pay back the money you owe

Oh boy another Foundation. Hmmm starting to see a pattern and why the @realDonaldTrump win was so devastating.
Keep this up. God bless you.
Nice
Ooh!  A foundation. Hope you give more than the 5% the Clintons give from their "foundation"
Great
Empower inspire wonderful trigger words for someone that didn't do anything for years
Please help us President Obama!!
Wow, did you watch today's speech by President Trump at the UN? That is what an American President looks like. Historical. #MAGA
I believe that devoting your life to such a transcendent good, you can remove yourself from the labyrinth.There are some innocent people
Michael you mean -Joan Rivers words. Your a traitor stealing like Saul Alinsky giving it to the U.N. richest-war creators. Thieves.
Come back pleasssse#
You doing a nice job sir
I hope it doesn't gain the same reputation as the Clinton Foundation

ما شاء الله منور سيادة الرئيس السابق
The world needs to know this: Brazilian judge uses fake documents against Lula. Coup in Brazil.
Ex-Odebrecht lawyer Tacla Duran incriminates Lavajato op and judge Moro for using FAKE DOCS against Lula (PORT): http://jornalggn.com.br/noticia/xadrez-sobre-a-falsificacao-de-documentos-na-lava-jato-por-luis-nassif … 
hmmm fonte desse tal delator do Moro não é mtu confiável não.
Pay to Play??
I wish I'd known about this sooner!  I am on the mailing list now so I hope not to miss anything else!  Thanks for your continued hard work.
Is that like the Clinton foundation.
Clinton foundation we now know 2014 990 tax form. 337 million in foundation. 32 mil paid out 4 charity. THAT'S ONLY 9.7%.Watch Obama's 990
How Can a thinktank like http://www.urd.org  collaborate with yr fondation. Are trying to launch  transatlantic dialogue on aid
Then is there any sent des for that sire
You're my mentor. I'm a senior. It all matters. Thank you.
Ex-President!
He's sorry!
Pssst!...Rumor going around (and growing)...that You may well have been The Most Corrupt President in America's History!...Care to comment??
ohh uncle Obama we miss you so much
Oh God, now YOU two fraud's are starting a foundation?  More $ theft? Why not The Soetoro Foundation? Don't you have to use your real name??

You realize that was a doctored student Id right?
That ID is a part of the permanent collection of The BHO Presidential Library...
No, it is not. It’s a complete fake

You always inspire the world and we believes you!'
Come back Barack Obama all's forgiven impeach trump now yours sincerely Ziggy Marley from Leicestershire in England respect to you obarms
I hope you discuss & resolve humanitarian crisis in #Yemen you started supporting Saudi/UAE killing with weapons & siege/starvation/diseases
He's going to finally get around to worrying about Chicago? Please!
We love you so much. Thank you for your inspiration. We miss you dearly.
Love you and miss you President Obama!
What a mess you left . Are you still insulted by Hillary losing ??
Obama Foundation  work  for developing  undeveloped  people  and in courage  to make things in proper direction
By taking money from the overly taxed and giving it to your friends on k syreet
I miss you, Michelle, and the Bidens, everyday. So proud to have voted for you!

Maybe yours will be real unlike the Clinto crime foundation. Always have to wonder about progressives.
سلام عمي بارك اوباما انشاء الله راك مليح انت ومرتك وبناتك نحبوك بزاف عمي بارك اوباما from alg
Mr Obama you inspire me of what you and your speech to public and Nelson Mandela he was an incredible man just like you!x
Why did you silence the ethnic cleansing of Rohingya Muslim Myanmar?
We, America have been very good to you, do us a favor and give up trying to destroy our great country, and just fade out!
"True radicals don't show their radical side; they show up to work wearing suit and tie" -Saul Alinskey
Please go away.  Play golf, you loved doing it when we were paying you.  Show some class.
Just another con-profit !
Obama is back doing what he does best , community organizer or in other words trouble maker!
I'm old enough to remember when we had a President that I was proud of.. Seems so long  ago! Sad!
You want to do something, how about you fix all the senseless killing of people in "your" city of Chicago.  That would make a difference.
How much money did you get to kill baby's
Great work! You are an inspiration for millions!
Who holds an inaugural summit for a foundation? Hilary and Bill can tell you how it's done! Crooked politicians are pathetic! Go America!
So you are taking a play out of the Clinton handbook and setting up a future play to pay scheme.
You messed up the country now you want to mess up the world, go golfing
Im running a small project called #Universelles to share women's stories and drive changes. Have a look at it! @UniversELLES12
Hello
I LOOV YOU OBAMA
Great one again!
Miss the Obama's!with you on Foundation.
Ah....another democratic "foundation"....
I miss his laugh also,Now we have to look at,well you know!!
You are the greatest
It's only so you can launder money.
Thank good of you
Thank you! Feeling hopeful again!!
http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … tftfyt
And I miss our America under your leadership and example. I don't even think I've seen anyone in DC smile since like September 2k16 
News flash: The temporary absence in US leadership ceased in January of 2017.
DID NOT DO IT AS PRESIDENT>> I guess better late then never!! You are a joke!
Yeah
He means Michael and him would like to thank you
Good job....God bless you mr obama
Jey
Joke!!
be like the clinton foundation,start the hookups.get bill and hillary as your advisers.
This is good news
It's former president Obama!!!  And it's a little too late!!!  Thank God for term limits.  Should be applied to all. Damage beyond fixing!!
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982898823705096192 … 2685
Did you like itt ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/QfGonF 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/QfGonF 
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time 
…
I miss you
Great stuff hope you will extend the mentorship across the globe in Africa, also do a lesson on leadership for http://www.mylearningacademy.com 
Opening up a slush fund I see
Is this the same as the Clinton Foundation you hack?
I think we need more ppl from third world countries
President George Bush showed class and integrity when he left office, your activism is showing neither
Very nic idea it was great to heard that you like my travel blog and my food and travel tweets
Thank you, Obamas. Thank you.
Why not? Corruption breeds corruption. Clinton Foundation made millions for them, Why not obama emulate it. he never worked day in his life.
To urge them to stand in holy dignity, to fully understand their precious value as human beings, to aim for their beautiful dreams.
Ah yes, the next great money laundering scheme. Or will it be used for domestic terrorism. I'm thinking both.
Sou sua fã presidente Obama!
Hi Obama Haw are You...
Didn't know he was still president
IKSPE!IZVARA KANJI kenanMUSTAFATATÜR*YAN VE ALT CETVEL YUKARI AJA SOL ZAA*BILGIgönder AIRLI CETVELI-HOH RUNTER LINKS REJDZ!DATEMENGEmesGERÄT
You had eight years to do all those think instead destroyed Libya creat isis which stared from Bush and you Clinton were treasons
You talked today on TV. Using the words hard to understand instead of taking simple. You should be teaching. foundation make you richer.
Like Clinton foundation. It may some goes to poor the rest goes in your pocket. Hope no one pays a penny! We don't need foundation anymore.
Are you taking a plane or car to this event if so you're part of the global warming issue and just stirring the pot!
I'm sure if all citezens stood together and said the government is not working out ,and that we have to let them go, we would be fine again.
Nice of u 2 inspire again. I know the president club is a small 1 & you all get along because of secrets you share but Inspire to impeach 45
So, you've decided to follow in the Clintons' footsteps!
I still have plenty of ideas, I just have to word them perfectly. For me, it doesn't matter what side I help, because leadership is 50/50.
Is this your idea of inspiration 
Merci !
Vous êtes une référence pour le monde entier !
Was Harvey on your list of people to inspire and empower women? Oh by the way what did you and Harvey talk about on his 13 visits?#sexist
pls sir***i need help as well.i used first bank of nigeria,my ac number is<3004322790,de name i used is Agbaje paul chukwuneke>sir***help me
Obama cool
Thank you Mr. President for you and Michelle's commitment to improving the lives of the people..
