We’re building a working center for good citizenship. Right here on the South Side of Chicago. Join us. See more at http://obama.org/the-center  
Are you registered to vote?
Nice

https://youtu.be/2eT-2sifsxY 
3
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982893464806395905 … 6751
Are you Viking lovers ? 
Perfect gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1tzcY1 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1tzcY1 …
Bunch of good little socialists who have zero ability to utilize analytical thinking. Then they all become Democrats who can't think.

As if he cld predict the future,

Mr. Know-All and a Prophet,…
Driving in my car waiting on President Obama to speak tonight can't wait to hear a real speaker speak after receiving the JFK award
If he did nothing, than why do republicans keep trying to repeal nothing?
I like that I'm pretty sure that those COLLEGE EDUCATED PEOPLE DIDN'T THINK ABOUT THAT 
How do you feel about #ReleaseTheMemo ?
Mr. Obama,  President ALOT of people miss ALOT.  Just so this doesn't go to your head, I miss Michelle as well and I bet ALOT OF people miss her too. 
In this picture, you look as though you might have gone body surfing.
That would be good fun to see. Lol
@BarackObama @ObamaFoundation
Is this as corrupt as the Clinton Foundation, or even worse???
Indeed
0969443814
Are you back in Kenya? Fraud...
Such a treat to listen to a great speaker. Congratulations on a well deserved award in recognition of your work #ProfileInCourage
Maybe Obama wants to draw another red line in the sand and other countries can laugh at him some more!
Meanwhile today in the WH Putin is the one laughing now
You getting tired of that narrative yet Tarahne? Seems that's all you poor little resisters got! #TRUMP is STILL your President!! Hahahaha
What exactly is your narrative? Oh yes it's Obamas fault! Lol pathetic 
https://www.gofundme.com/pu9sbm-my-education-my-future …
Yasna à eau
You hope, didn’t they just file suit to fight this?

Nice pic good morning
This is what a REAL President looks like.
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/update-makalah-ulumul-hadist-of-kampus.html …
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tips-mengetahui-kelayakan-blog-dan.html …
Barack Obama
Why don't you take money that it will cost to build your monument to yourself and give it to help clean up intercity gangs !
he is not about really helping anybody. except himself and his rich benefactors. this man is a HUGE hypocrite. #Hollywood at parties matter.
Not on your life.  Eight years were enough for me.
I am Obama. I am the most compassionate person in the world. Give it a rest already!!
cool
You should be very concerned about the Black on Black shootings and killings, by the gang violence in Chicago.   That is my advice to you.
Ho ar you
Me encanta de ti guapo
You,re rolling up your sleeves for another 8 years..........
Nice
هلل
hello sir.....
.
What has the o foundation actually done for anyone beside you ?
stop talking bout yourself all the time and quit patting yourself on the back as you did a real shitty job
Just as long as you are not telling people you are me today lmao...The REAL Antichrist.
KOELN:
I voted for u thinking u were gonna bring change! You did not you  liar. I'm glad your presidency is over! #maga2020 #maga
Hiiii
Ok
So over you and what you have to say
İyi bir davranış Barak Obama
Look this is nobody.Just a location to attack Dems.
Is this part of your $65,000 hotdogs and pizza party?
Very nice persedent
Thank you Obama you left the White house
Nice enjoy gril
NEVER WORKED A HARD DAY IN YA LIFE..
ANYWAY HOW DID YOU KEAVE THE WH WITH SO MUCH MONEY..
GOOD TO SEE HILARY LET YOU IN ON THE JOKE
You rolling up your sleeves? Yup that will be something new and a sight to behold, please instagram us!
So I can share my ideas for a better world
I'm very interested in consecrating my new passion in helping and supporting my fellow human beings. Pls email me at Sylvainn@rocketmail.com
I just signed up to your foundation, can all me Sylvain, I live in Hongkong and visit USA a lot as my  2 young daughters are here now.
I love you Barack!! Miss you and your family in the WH.
Even though you are no longer president, please do some of us a favor and resign from your presidency! #IMPEACHOBAMANOW !
Nice
"Good Citizenship"? Pay your bills Obama, so I can pay mine!
STOP YOUR NEVER LIES IF NOT FOR US HUMANS THEN FOR GOD (not your Allah. Jesus save us from his Evil
Thank you, for being YOU! Words cannot describe how much I miss you as OUR #POTUS. Wishing you and your family the best
Asante Mheshimiwa Rais mstaafu,we ni mfano wa kuigwa kote

Back where it all started? You mean your finally leaving and going back to Kenya? YES!


What a project! I love it! Setting the path for a much better community!
sanctuary city, the head and funder of isis, the impostor, frauds, treason, you are a multiple and many more crimes felony punish by death.
"Obama's School of Political Jihad". Sound familiar, "Sir"? Some of us fully realize the "torch" you intend to pass on. #MAGA
How amazing. Back to the southside of Chicago and makes an incredible difference.
Want to sign up for updates but live in Australia so no zip code!
Good job ...still very and will always be proud of your work ...good hearted man
Um ser humano de verdade.
Was he really that bad ?
Ready!
What can I do to help?? :-) I'm a nurse, my husband and I are musicians....please let us know what we can do..I want to show my kids too!
Il love you
Go away!
Oh my god,it'my birthday,we are staying on very nice holidays in Costa Calma Beach/Fuerteventura this year...Carpe Diem
BLESS ME NO MORE MOVIE CLEARLY YOU HAVE A BAD HISTORY OF THIS MENTAL ILLNESS IN MY FAMILY NO WE DONT

And training the youth brigade
About time you finally help all those poor blacks in torn up neighborhoods, drugs, violence how much worse can it get?#MAGA
Happy Birthday  Michelle Daytz LA CA..
So you're going back to ACORN and pushing Saul Alinsky's views... gotcha.

Don't forget the Church of Godd#mn America. You started there too

Mr. President, I hope your birthday is as special as You are. Thanks for the dignity that you brought to the Office. You are missed.
Can you imagine Trump called the Whitehouse a dump. Shame on him.
We miss your decency and kindness as well as really caring for us against all odds. Please keep speaking. I love you and Michelle.
Fre
You must be so proud.  It appears Chicago will easily surpass 700 homicides this year.
cool
Love yo barack Obama
#DemExit after witnessing this bullshit.
Total waste of money. How about you fund Obamacare with the millions it will cost to build this building.
Hope the workers dont get shot up!

, you my best Friend
I love your policies. You will live long and help Africa.

Rolling up your sleeves to milk more money  from poor low information black voters
Maybe you can clean up the crime first then balance a budget since you could get that together in 8 years - doubled the deficit
Maybe you should roll up your sleeves and personally try to stop the gun violence and poverty in Chicago. Armed guards and a limo.....quick!


very proud of you!!
Welcome back Sir #potus44

nice
You are missed around the world..history will keep your kindness and hard work for all people recorded even the one's who didn't appreciate
CHEERS! 
I'm in. Can we start an office in Los Angeles? Happy to help!
