I heard you were divorcing him.
She never had children.
.@BarackObama .@MichelleObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
A very happy Mother's Day sir. God is not everywhere this is why he made MOTHER 

@BarackObama @MichelleObama
Mr Obama hi
Abd CHP.
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/update-makalah-ulumul-hadist-of-kampus.html …
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tips-mengetahui-kelayakan-blog-dan.html …
awesome
Happy Mother's Day Mrs. Obama! and Thank you Mr. Obama for showing us what love is and should be!
Happy Mother's Day Michelle!!  We miss you both.  Hope you have a wonderful day.  Our hearts and prayers are always with you.
Love to you both. This mom is ECSTATIC to have raised her kids when we had honest public servants in The WH. Thx 4 being their role models!
Class Act you two. Best First Family EVER! 
Thank you!  We miss you and your lovely family!  #TrumpRussia
Happy mother's day to The first lady Mrs. Michelle Obama. Your a blessing from God. Thank you good role model to us all.
Well said, per usual. Miss your eloquence & Michelle's incredible poise. Happy Mother's Day! 
Happy Mother's Day 2 #Yazidi kidnapped mothers whom you left in ISIS Hands ,while your administration were able 2 save them #YazidiGenocide

Help us save this sinking ship. Not all hero's wear a cape!
Surprise my mom and take the presidency from Trump
Here you go! 
The only thing wrong with that is that if Trump gets impeached, we get Pence, and Pence is arguably worse.
I'm willing to take that chance ... at least until it's found out he's also crooked. Trump must go now!
Dad
We love and miss you both. Enjoy this day and your family. 
 thanx.. from a Belgian mother.. you are such a kind man...
Can Michelle please run for President in 2020? Thanks, B.
So miss you!!!!!
Thank you Mr President 
Please come back!!!!!
Thank you Barack Obama. You are still my president. Cater to your queen Michelle today. It's her day.  God bless you both.
Wrong day, homes 
Glad her shitty school lunch program is gone.
we miss you!!
Happy Mother's Day @MichelleObama  Mr. President, we miss you, we need you back and we're scared of what's happening.
We miss you. Trump isnt a good President
dude this is a mother's day tweet
Libtards never miss a chance to take their shot. Still sour over the beating they received in November.
Thank you! Happy Mothers Day to @MichelleObama Love  U2!
Happy Mom's Day Michelle and all moms.
please come back!!!!!
But not all those haters and losers....oh wait...that's the other guys line. Nevermind.
Thank You Mr. President!!!
I miss y'all
Don't be Selfish lol we all miss them 
Come back
Thank you
Thank you for demonstration what a father, husband, gentleman and President should be! May God continue to bless you and @MichelleObama
Your wife who had the nerve to want America to eat healthy & exercise?
Thank you for making us smile & laugh. You are the happiness of many & your existence is appreciated. 
Happy Mother's Day to your love and partner are you sure. Where was your mother from I don't think we really got the truth about
President, we miss the Obamas @ the White House! ! Thanks for the simple Mother's Day message, which I shared with many.
World celebrates Mother's Day?
Do we need a day or time to remember Mother?
Who forgets Mother in life? 
No one can I beleive! Sir Do you
Thank you!!!
Happy #MothersDay  to all the heroic #ResistanceMoms. It is strong #NastyWomen that lead #TheResistance, and they're who Trump is scared of.
Happy Mother's Day to your lovely wife, Mr. O! The whole world misses you both. Don't let Trump annihilate both your legacies.
It's not as though Obama can do anything about that now. He tried to warn America against electing Donald Trump... :-/
We did not elect him. He is destroying our nation because was selected through a boken system created by a compromise made to slave owners
True, but Hillary knew that's how the election worked. She should have spent more time in the swing states instead of Arizona, Georgia, etc.
.. or the DNC should've not stolen it @SenSanders ...they wanted to appeal to the white elites. Welp, look how it's working out.
And DNC "stole" nothing. Hillary beat Sanders by almost 4 million votes. Without trying.
HRC pd off Sanders. He got a million $$ & a brand new house.
Weiners
If only you could have had a third term!!!
He is correct, he just didn't clarify that the country that elected him was Russia.
I'm so glad we at least got a taste of what it's like to have an honest family in the White House
RETWEET If You Are Sick and Tired Of Trump's Childish Games and Tweets!!
Uneducated animal playing at politics. The decisions made are bias impacting a whole globe of people which is your intention.
The intention I'm speaking on is Donald Trump. Obama was a fine president. Wish he could have went another round.
You mean "Mike," right???
Please come back. We need you to stop this train wreck of a presidency.
Thanks
The best president of my time
You must be 15 years old.
Don't worry, wisdom will come.
Greetings from the uk sir @BarackObama #BarackObama
I LOVE PITBULL  He's the new blue eyes
Dad
Thanks#stillmypresident
Thanks for the wish, I hope to get many more. I send my wish to Michelle too . I give  her 3 kses: 1 form u, 1 from Melia, and 1 from Sasha.
@MichellObama1  happy mothers day
This is something you should've done instead of pandering to BLM, and excusing the assassination of police officers. We're happy you're gone
You are amazing my FOREVER president !
You such a good Husband and good Father Mr Obama. We continue to learn a lot from you.
Thanks @BarackObama So inspiring as always!! My biggest dream is to meet you one day.
Thank you.
You are very obsticle the felt of unkind of muslim people and other people because you had try to was amediation person and your government
My birthday in 6th august we can celebrate in my farm in KSA
@Barack Obama and @Michelle Obama you 2 have the love everyone wishes to have in this world...
Love & partner? So Michelle is a man! I knew it!!
Yea derrick, she's a man...
I have so much Love and respect for you Mr. Barack Obama!
And come on with your law AmeriCain is piling up more dead bodies a day then Syria.
Can you wish happy mother's day to a tranny?
Miss you one of the ppl I respect admire and beyond... may God protect & open the door for you !

We miss u...
that's so nice of you
Thanks Mr President. I appreciate and respect the role you both played for our country
Donald Trump's new moniker:  Benedict Arnold!!
thou on
I live in Canada and I miss you
Happy mathers day and I love you Mr obama
DONALD TRUMP IS DISTROYING AMERICA I WANT YOU BACK AS MY PRISEDENT PLZZZ DONALD TRUMP AHHH (BTW I'm ur biggest fan tell ur wife she pretty
Mothers r the greatest blessing in this universe.....Cz they are making our world better with the shed of affection 
I hear your dignified silence loud and clear..sometimes it's better to sit back and watch the "proverbial ship" sink its self !!! #IMPEACH
Greatness you are.....
Obrigada !
foolish ex-president
郭文贵Guo Wengui    
the outcome of the election?
I had hidden ball trick from at first.It's originator.I want to ask about payment.
Vem pro Brasil
Gag me!
Come back PLEASE!!! The stupidity of Trump is embarrassing
Am very happy 4u. Plz I need ur help seriously. bcs I don't have anything at hand not even to get job sir. Pz. Kindly help ur boy sir.
We sure miss you and your amazing wife...Thank you for all you did for us working folks we so wish you were in charge what a sad time for us
Thank You Mr. President!! We love and miss you!! Happy Mother's Day FLOTUS Michelle Obama!!

Mr president dear sir I really really miss you lot ...u r the real president for me ..india loves you with good blessings...always welcome
انت وش سويت يا الحبيب ..

8 سنين وانت تخطط على المسلمين والعرب  ..

ابو فهد ( نسف ) مخططاتك 
في ٢٤ ساعه 

طس
Please save us we need you
Man, what a class act.
من چطور مي توانم تيك آبي در حساب كاربريم بگيرم اين سوال رو از همه پرسيدم ولي هيچ كس براي من كاري نكرد و كسي من رو راهنمايي نكرد
God bless you both, thanks for all you do...
Si si yyyeeeaaahhh feel good une in.c
Thank you so much to the man that will always be my President!
米歇尔应该很感动
Thank you Mr President @BarackObama and @MichelleObama #StillMyPresident #POTUSandFlotus 
So sweet Now it's Your turn and Your Day We miss you so 
#We miss you Mr. President!!!
Bark sucks. Thank God he's gone.
Giv me 1 millon
This is my iban:KW35KFHO0000000000221050029468
Love
Thanks for visiting our Caribbean islands BIG - O,  AND HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY,  To your lovely and strong lioness Queen.
you are a good man.
Thank you so very much ! Happy Mother's day to you as well ! God bless you and your family
Wondering if you will respond to my tweet.  Is there hope for this country?
From some Moms who need your help: #PleaseHelpUniteOurFamilies, our legally adopted Ethiopian kids are #STUCK due to adoption suspension
Can't you just go back into the dark. Your time is done. Gtfo
O! Black fag 
Thank you great man. We love you
Love you both and miss you so much . Best president in history .
I miss you as pesident. COME BAVK 
we miss you
Why don't you say anything about Mrs Ann Dunham,  Mr ex President?
May it be the last for you both.
Thanks Pres. Obama! Hope Michelle had an enjoyable day. We miss you both during these tumultuous times. Take care Sir.
Thank you, Mr. President!  
Former president
if you donat som wealth plz  contact me(00923215669642) I want supply water a poor people town in a.j.k
Can you speak French？
Common Dreams article by Les Leopold just nailed you on your hippocracy for accepting $400,000 from Wall Street for a speech! Sell your soul
Michelle Obama doesn't like white people.
Good statement. .You go Mr President
Thank you
You mind if we invite your family over to work the land .The new president wants to make America Great again and those little ones need?
I MISS YOU!!! #3RDTERM
#suckballs douche
come here, to the Brazil! Please! We need you!
Oh crap, is it Father's day.
Partner. Micheles thinking bout that typo
She is pure greatness! Best to you both. JBL'90
Thank Michel
Thank you~we miss you!!
Thank you Mr. President
Hello obama ..do you love IRAN? You will go to jahannam with them ,
شوف علم اسيادك

Thank you Obama. America's finest President!
Hey Barack Obama you're AWESOME!!!
I'll miss you being President of America
Hi mr Opama .. I have good contract for you if you want to work in KSA,
Thanks，but......
虽然来的有点晚，但是还是祝福一下。来自中国
Happy Belated Mother's Day to Mrs. Obama. I don't get on here often that's why I'm late. Please forgive me...
