Prince Harry hosted former US President @BarackObama at Kensington Palace today. 
Ha ha foundations are code for money laundering...
@t88807 your small junk is evident. Shhhhh....
Small junk?
@huv77 Mike Flynn being cleared by the Obama Admin is like buying a used car without the Carfax. Extreme vetting for refugees but not Flynn
If you read the entire thread I mentioned it was a horrible risk and it failed, done out of loyalty, @POTUS made a misstep there very true
USA miss you ... people this is a serious tweet if wanna behave unprofessional go to Trumps tweets ... I do that to...
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982904600339546113 … 8833
Did you like it ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L  
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time 
…
Miss you President Obama! Glad you are doing well and continuing to help others!
Very nice to see BarackObama so relaxed! He was a great leader!
Well, Janelle, you can please some of the people some of the time, but you can't please all of the people all of the time; 
Miss you! Love you! Wish you here!    HELP!
Glad you are enjoy yourself and relaxing but I miss you as my president you will always be MY PRESIDENT
We continue to need your leadership. Thank you sir!
Thank you are very well
You're an inspiration Barak 
Simply fantastic
The most loved President in the world for a reason.
One of the most loved, respected, admired and trusted people. President or not.
OBAMA I MISS YOU
Thank you for your continued dedication to public service.
Very kind of you! Such a sad time for them ALL!
When Trump goes to England, he will be accorded formal gestures of respect, but basically handled with tongs.
You are so classy miss you 
Always good to read a tweet from a bonafide gentleman. God Bless You @BarackObama
This is WHY I LOVE YOU MAN!
Lads.
Enjoy London you rock 
Why was our election integrity compromised by you? 

Why is our country worse off after you spent 8 years making a case?
Yes - Great work, Mr. President!
Things Trump can never say: "my friend Prince Harry"
Because He Is A Racist?
I Dont Like Trump But Why Do You Guys Keep Criticizing Trump?
Nope. Cause no one likes Trump
Well he's the president. So obviously majority of the USA likes him
More people voted otherwise + millions didn't vote who now regret it. So no, the majority in the USA do not like the orange piece of shit.
Well he's there now and doing a great job. You should back him. He will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I'd polish his shoes everyday. He's making America great again
How presidential!!!
which you probably caused shipwreck
Thank you for everything you have done for us and sorry crazy manbaby is trying to undo all of your good sir
Europe now realizes what Americans are dealing with after seeing him up close & personal this past week. #buffooninaction
Not just Europe. The world over.
They've laughed from his 1st debate
Very true. We've laughed from his first debate.
We're not laughing now. He's mucked things up so badly-wonder if we'll ever be able to return to what it once was. #worsebytheday
That word scares me tho.  I hope to heck it doesn't go that far!  It would delight Putin so much!
Until ALL of wakes up & finallyALL realize how we were played 4 fools,I'm afraid not much will change.Having said that we mustn't give up!
The UK trusted us w/ you in office. You did your job as it was supposed to be done. You're missed greatly. We love you!
YOU LOVE BREAKING BREAD WITH THE HIGH & MIGHTY. ORDINARY AMERICANAS YOU THREW UNDER THE BUS  AGES AGO! STOP/ PRETENDING!
When we impeach Trump can you be our interim president, please? Asking for a friendly nation.
Impeach? For what? Speculation, obvious fools don't know the laws, just delusional thinking is their facts 
Lol another liberal with no facts, I'll ask you, facts? Proof? Or just hope n desire for delusional thoughts to equal facts?? 
I am still trying to figure out why talking to another superpower is illegal. Selling Uranium definitely is ok in your book. Neocons
Yes are you ok with selling Uranium to RUSSIA? Yes or no?
It's better to burn out than to fade away. In this case you are already burned out and need to fade away.
Please go away.  You've driven America into the ground with your Socialist ideology and now Trump will rescue it.
Great work...good morning Mr. President
Oh the good old days when our Pres was respected!
Seems like a lifetime ago.
Friendship? Hussein, global islamization leader & prince Harry, western civilization icon?
Pls sir your excellence I need your support but I living at tanzania
I miss you, terribly! Thank you for your service to our country!
Foundations = money laundering for elided "charity" but in REALITY IT GOES IN YOUR OWN POCKET...#worstpresidentever!
These Souls still making changes.Harry honouring his mother by this as well.Barack is honouring humanity as he does.TRUMP? Never has ever!
Any chance my school kids can interview you  Mr Obama?
That would be just fantastic!!! 
I run a radio station at school for the vulnerable children. They love it and have thrived because of it. Mr Obama you are a hero to them.
Yes! Mr President sir u r a hero for many of us it'd be SO GREAT if u could do this even for a few precious minutes, for the children!
@KensingtonRoyal
good photo  sir
He was probably shaking his head to the fact you were ghosting Trumps trip. Get a life ..
@KensingtonRoyal wish you all the best and blessings ever more
Hi
.@BarackObama .@KensingtonRoyal .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic

So much fine in that pic
I really think we might be witnessing the slow death of men's ties, similar to how JFK killed off the hat.
Come on you are comparing apples and oranges
Yeah You have poisoned Prince Harry on PRESIDENT TRUMP and the American People WON'T EVER FORGET
اهلا بكم كيفكم  ياحبايب
Very good 
Matthew 9:13
But go and learn what this means: ‘I desire mercy and not sacrifice.’ For I did not come to call the [1/2]
Yes,God bless Barack. A man of integrity,compassion...
You know a @twitter account is incredible when there are more thousands of likes on a post than there have been minutes since posting.
20.9k likes v 28 min at the moment.
Still! 34.0k v 32 min!
Ha!  I noticed that too. (Vs Trump's morning tweet one hour prior)
Haha yeah, overthinking @twitter data to mean anything more generally is usually a bad idea but I'm totally amused by this :D.

You can have him
Haters up and down
Missing you! You are one of the most loving Presidents ever Run again plz! 
#LGBT #LGBTQ #DNC #Bi #FlyingRawkHawks #Obama #gayrights
I saw a meme somewhere "Kennedy put a man on the moon. Obama put a man in a women's bathroom." I thought you might like that..LOL
You made me laugh darling XD 
Who will care for the victims of your drone attacks and help heal the scars of your and Netanyahu's 2014 massacre of 550 kids in Gaza?
Didn't Obama recognize Palestine as a state or country? Was that a bad thing also? He tried to help things more than this ine will do.
Thanks for sharing the tweets Obama was one of the best
We love and miss you 
Second that, Our True President!! We miss you and Michelle and the days when we were not embarrassed in front of the world + felt safe! 
Felt safe arming Mexican gangs and open boarders. Selling Uranium to RUSSIA Yes please more of that...
Your foundations? Prince Harry's I'm guessing will do a lot more charity than your political resistance "Soros Promotion" foundation.
I show you how to do ur job sire and how to set an example
Taking a break from Trump madness to reflect on what America had before chaos and treason walked in the White House!
I feel you! Seems like ten damn years ago!!!
Good to hear mr former president but i just have one question is your house big niw that you dont live in the white house
So get on this as ur maning faces instrutter as cuz the wore as ur maning faces instrutter
@BarackObama  Another @HillaryClinton slush fund? Sellout
Liked your tweet
Posh
Should have bought stock in crayon and playdoe  and real estate for safe spaces
Two handsome dudes!! 
Oh please listen to the pedophile talk about condolences and victims
Hahaha
Two LEGENDS.
Hey Citizen Boss, Very Best Regards.. So have you any thoughts on dems  joining th gop to acelrate red states move 2 purple in our lifetime.
Inspiring, motivational, opening eyes to not just the issues facing the US but globally and the ripple effect and impact  on all of us. 
We're ur scrutety and scrutety to the content to the nation that issue the Wiman and kids a self working investment
Love them.  Great work.  God's blessings all the way.
A great mentor   #Barrack Obama
Awesome picture of you two 
Somewhere along the way, our technology surpassed our humanity. One day, maybe humanity will surpass our technology !!
Is that Seth Rich?
@KensingtonRoyal What an inspiring photo!
You will be in Jail!!!!!
Good job!!! Keep up your good reputation do good like u did my president miss u!!!
Keep dreaming..the queen loathed u and Michael...shame on u..u r a traitor o this country..u divided the races and allowed murders by blacks
Come home to us.  Please.  We'll be better, we'll do all the yard work around the White House, just come home now.
King YUDAH-JUDAH wants. The prince of wales; to Meet and.Greet!! The King and priest.... Tribe King of the people...Judah Ohio valley city o
Love Him and Michelle. Xxxxxxxxx
Miss you wish u we're here bro
His grandma hired one to say your and my races cease to exist, another kofi. To make top candidates in the Dem party, ask you about
We REALLy miss you Mr. Obama
The Prince looked a little less than happy
As I'm holding there uman rights
I BET U LIKE PRINCE HARRY OBAMA! I SAW THE LIST OF ALL OF THE KIDS U BROUGHT 2 WH FOR "ENTERTAINMENT" IN THE HOT TUB, U SICK SOB! #PedoGate
Nice to see you .well com my home pls
Hey man go away like every other president after they leave office
Here for a vitamin of crime so what's do you actually say for the world
Prince Harry is much more handsome than you
Someone's nose will be out of joint...again! No pushing and shoving now!!!
Great to see you Mr. President, continuing to do good work!!!  Bless you sir!!!
No offense, but the royal family will be doing a lot more of this consoling thanks to their open borders and welcome of terrorists.
So true.
May God continue to bless and keep you and your family Barack. no matter what anyone says, God knows your heart
You lost
I'm just mad about Harry...
Thank you
Judah here boy ...get back to me Brothers of Brotherhood of man?
Nice..... even you're not a president anymore you're still busy as a president....so sad you had to leave ...so sad for the USA...
Good to see Pres Obama is still on the trail as an unofficial ambassador !!
I miss my president @BarackObama so much! 
Equally up wimans rights

Pls pop into @#Heal's on Tottenham cCurt Rd and see my daughter in the lighting dept. She will literally lose her mind!
And of course to lecture Brits on Islamaphobia. You are a real piece of work.
Um dos meus favoritos


the muslim agenda
Sir I'm your big fan... from India
U always working to make more money 4 ur "foundation"...Clinton taught you well. #Keepscamming
Please come home & help us to stop the madness!  Trump & Pence are trying to make us into Stepford wives.
Pres. Obama yes your reading it correctly thank you for the 8 years of service. I am very proud of you & 1st Lady USA never looked better 
That is sound advice, or, maybe, common horse sense should say, maybe choose a campaign manager, who is not immediate kin to ones opponent?

@KensingtonRoyal So proud of you and the Royals. We need humanitarians speaking up for us. Thank you very much. 
https://twitter.com/NYtitanic1999/status/870063590379794432 …
Just need to use Urban dictionary with Donald Trump code words?
Covfefe according to the Urban dictionary welcome to City of Villains party = Gotham City party. Just need to call Obama? 
Awesome 

We miss you Sir.
Clearly stated I was obamas citizen prime
I didn't know price harry actually did shit, to be honest
Heard you were going to donate to the #sethrich investigation. Is that true? You know, the American Hero who was murdered.
Please google Tinnitus and help spread the word.
U created the hatred and violence. U r not an American citizen and r an enemy and traitor..u dare to condemn the very bull shite you incited
I didn't vote for U either time, but, I was decent enough 2 GIVE U A CHANCE N U DID NOTHING RIGHTEOUS OR 2 HELP THE PEOPLE OF "OUR" COUNTRY
Every murder by blacks, Muslims, illegals N the very people u pardoned from prison were murderers. Do u ever think about BENGHAZI N FAMILIES
While the condolences are warranted for the innocent lives.  You sir are no longer President thank God so don't pollute the Prince
Lovely to see you here!
boss
For the wore
So when exactly are you going to help Chicago? I mean u had 8 yrs...
مبارك عليك الشهر طويل العمر.
Thanks Obama for screwing the middle class. Thanks Obama for the $8,000 deductible, Thanks Obama for all the hate & division in our country
True. He's a globalist illuminati it's in your Bible in the Book of Revelation.
He's part of those globalist one world order people
