Hi I'm John yakubu please I need your help.
Says the guy who released a TRAITOR to the USA from prison. As a decorated combat veteran, you have the lowest representation of "honor"
What about Bush Jr? He let  Bin Ladin's family leave the our country privately without any investigations and no interrogation???
Comparing the release of a CONVICTED US traitor to a terrorist who was never charged or trialed in a US court. Know your own stupid laws

Amen!
My phone number is 7179849368 please Obama we need your help I pray God so you can help us please we don't want to be in the street with this cold weather please help us thank you and God bless you and your family
Maybe I can help. What do you need help with?
we  remember  the war  in  Syrian and Iraq  that  american honored
After Charlottesville im no longer sure thats true
Do you remember the shareholders of @FannieMae @FreddieMac you stole from in the heist of a millennia #Fanniegate
Instagram #FANNIEGATE for news on @BarackObama @BrianCDeese @genebsperling @DavidHStevens theft of private property!
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …

صح كلامك لكن الجمو مجنونكم هذا يا أغبياء
Very deep  sir.
Hi
all our thoughts to the victims
My Lord I miss you 

This is how a real president shows respect for the people who have fallen, not by celebrating the fact that their building is the tallest
Peace
Yes,
We All Should pray to GOD #Kabir.
Because the Liberator Has Come.
Amazing
My présidente


We remember everyone we lost on 9/11 and honor all who defend our country and our ideals. No act of terror will ever change who we are.
We miss you sir
Thank you  
Please come back
Thank you President Obama!
Yes, in contrast, you destroyed a country like Iraq and left it an arena for terrorism and Iran and you made al-Qaeda, terrorism and extremi
We know exactly what you are #Obama

& we know you will always be a liar, a fraud,  & the #WorstPresidentEver who sold #USA out!

thank you mr. president 
Thanks Mr. President. Always the standard example of calm and class.

The sheer stupidity of this man! Govt is more intrusive and citizens lost privacy and freedom. Who we are HAS changed...dramatically.
Thank you, Mr. President.

However, 9/11 did change many of us: it brought to a forefront bigotry and fear that had been in the shadows.
For too many, 9/11 was an excuse to discriminate against our fellow Americans because they happen to practice a different religion.
A battle cry for many in the GOP was the prevention of Muslims building mosques... pretty much anywhere... because of baseless bigoted fear.
Our current disgrace of a president falsely claimed that he saw 1000s of Muslims celebrating in New Jersey when the towers fell.
A direct path can be traced from 9/11 to Trump's Muslim Ban; a substantial portion of the US believe Muslims are just terrorists in waiting.
It's a travel ban, not a Muslim ban. The country with the most Muslims was not banned at all. Please explain.
What country would you be referring to?
Indonesia
Thank you for your words of comfort. We miss you
Now come back to be president for a third term
What I think is funny is that some Republicans think that you were president during 911
We need to patriotism we had back then and  a strong leader to take us through the hardships we have now
To be printed on history's books
Didn't you send money to Iran in unmarked bills..?
So very true Mr. President
Grande reflexão... Manuel Lima (África-angola)
You are a id 10 t sir.
???
Why did you save the terrorist regime of Iran?
The problem existed even before he took office and OBL was killed during President Obama's tenure.
God Bless America And Company. Amen 1st
My President !!
All of you were crying to Obama like he's your Messiah he doesn't give a fuck
Amen Mr President
You are missed, dear Sir.
Never Forget @BarackObama
There's no emoticon to convey a hard enough laugh at you for this statement after the briefest review of your twitter account. Who's crazy?

We miss you Mr. President!!! Our REAL President! Come back!
The Orange man is crazy! At least we didn't have to worry while you were president! Cause you were a real leader!



Although I never voted for Barack Obama he did do some good while in office. he's not all bad. He took care of Bin Laden.
He did break some records...
Great job Tim, glad that you can post made up stats instead of linking sources yourself. Typical.
Barack, you are not President, fix your profile. #MAGA
If you had a brain you would know that all past presidents are referred to as Mr President. We'll even have to call the orange idiot that.
#NeverForget Obama is a Pandering fool... Anyone who believes he cares about lost life on #September11th is just not doing their homework!
Bush was in office and not Obama
But it was obama that traded a traitor for the GITMO detainees.
He wasn't a traitor until he was convicted.
And every American deserves to come home.
And the GITMO detainees that were there against the Geneva Convention rules, had never gone to court, and most were there to get intelligence.  They had never done anything wrong.
All your dam Muslim friends right? U suck phony I see right through u...
Uh, then why did you allow massive illegals to flood our borders? Some were MS 13 members. You certainly didn't do much during your 8 years of reign of terror.
U are 100 percent right on that!!!
That is true Obama
.@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
So you are confirming it wasn't done by CIA?
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982894575126745088 … 7978
Did you like it ?
Perfect #gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/FXgzqh  
Click URL: https://goo.gl/FXgzqh   
…
You was the best president of the United States of America and the best man and husband and father for your kid you are the best Obama my name is Carlos Pacheco and I live in Lancaster Pennsylvania my address is 212 COLAR Street Lancaster PA 17603 I want to know if you can help
Obama this is Carlos Pacheco I live in COLAR Street Lancaster PA 17603 we need your help I had three little kids and I paid half of the rent and they gave me two Friday the 26th January 2018 this morning we owe $300 for rent I don't have no job nothing and I please need your help
not even yours?
Obama doesn’t like Americathat is why he tried to  “ fundimentally Change “ AmericaRemember!!thank GOD For President Trump!#MAGA
I can’t stand trump personally but his dismantling of Obama’s legacy and trumps policies have been a lot better than I expected .
But it did change who we are
Very true
At first it seemed to bring everyone together, but I really don't see that anymore. I see distrust and hatred
It's a due to civil unrest.
It all goes back to that day. I wish it wasn't that way, but where do you start, to help change things
I think things need to take their course and all we can do is continue to be better people when others aren't.

We remember 9/11. Hopefully our country can rebuild back to where it was before you were President. Try supporting President Trump!,
i lv ur smile.bout i am hungry
IFB
I miss you Mr president
Michelle obama is a man ..
666
O Love Barack!
Please be our president again
So why did you deplete the army?? Why did you not take care of the veterans ??
Thank you!
Thank you. Mr. Obama.  Larry Williams
We know what you do in Iraq and Afghanistan
you are most welcome in Toronto, anytime! #youtheman
Survivor
Obama did 7/11
No, no act of terror could change us. But you sure as fuck did.
Nah no honor 4 the death of black middle class by bank fraud! Fam had 2 sell the house  grandpa built! No bailout 4 us we bled4 it u didn't
Except the terrorist act that was installing trump. That'll change things.
Amen brother!
Yes we will become better in stronger in we together will make America greater than ever before
Bless My President
That's right President Obama

Hi dear president;do not forget west Africa also.
Stau
Your dam right Barack
No one of the terrorists came from Afghanistan Mr. Obama
You lit up our White House like a gay bordello and now confused men are allowed to use my ladies public restroom!
God bless you President Barack Obama... we all miss the real Potus
No need to miss him - the real POTUS is in the White House
Amen
hey thanks Mr President, it fell so much better to know u still wit us
http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html …
We sory
Welcome back my President.
HI,PRESIDENT.

We absolutely do.  I'm happy to see you are on Twitter so we can still feel your presence.  Very important to us blue folks
Am pride of you Mr.Obama
But you will use it to fundamentally change the America for the worst.  We are the 1st and only country to go to war to FREE the slaves...
Mr. President what is being done about Trump and the republicans move to eliminate all your accomplishments & trying to wipe out the last8?
Miss you and your family
Thank you Mr. President. 44 forever.
God bless you and your family.
We need you sir more than ever!
Hi
Can we remember the people that we lost 2008, because of the banksters wall street terrorism too!? That Terror Costa more lives...
tu es un assassin et tu le restera a vie .souviens de ce tu as fais en cote d ivoire pendant les elections presidentielles
Keep in touch with us Mr Obama
But bad imigration policy will do!
Oh ok, like the time you knew the attack on the consulate was an act of terrorism, but decided to blame it on a video instead.....
http://pieceofnews.com/?p=1873 
For me you are still the president of the USA
God bless America
Funny you never mention the heroes we lost in Benghazi on their anniversary. Why is that?
Dear Mr Obama I live in the UK & send my love & thoughts to your country. I wish you were still  President Trump has no idea. Thinking of u
It's sad to learn that a man like you still think that wasn't an inside job 
SUPPORT MY BREAST CANCER T-SHIRTS #MYPASSIONWAKESMEUP
Terorist is product of west mr former peresident
I believe that the pen is mightier..............I still think of you as my president!
He is a Muslim spy who infutrated our Whithouse spent the next 8 years selling America out.Turning everyone agsinst each other.Your the antichrist lusafer.
I was really touched when they said "one more year", you are really an amazing president!
It won't change who you are, You will always be an anti American fraud
اسامه  نونو اسامه كلب ماصل  اسامه لا تلعب قراند اسامه حالف الحمدالله رب العلمين الرحمن الرحيم وملك اليوم الدين ايكا نعبد وياك نستعين هدنا
*MEXICO EARTHQUAKE PROPHECY FULFILLED 
*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A64vKGVvKco&hd=1 …*

Video: US military trains alongside its South Korean counterparts in Pohang, South Korea https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/13/video-us-military-trains-alongside-its-south-korean-counterparts-in-pohang-south-korea/ … via @wordpressdotcom
we miss decency and respect
TRUMP SAID HE WILL TOTALLY DESTROY NORTH KOREA... WHATS HE GONNA DO, RIG THEIR ELECTION & BE THEIR PRESIDENT ?
Are you sure Osama at bahamas? Osama doesn't like bahamas. Take your time, bye.
Just shut up and go away you have almost destroyed our country
@stephanylfisher Go Trump
Пидр
Go away already
You are such an Honorable man!
Dear president request you to say something about the riots against rohingya
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
We love and miss you President Obama!  You and your family are a Class act.  Thank you for your compassion.  God bless them all!
President we miss your knowledge, wisdom, compassion, love and respect you had for the office.   I pray for you and your family!
تتسهوك يا زول
Says the guy who negotiated with terrorists to save a soldier who abandoned his brothers.
I love America's country very much, I can give my life and give it to this country
 
Buster
You don't have two feet to stand on.  Ex Fake President.
Hey My Prez!! We still love you guys over in Mississippi!
Good keep you
We miss you
911 we lost over 3K innocent Holocaust 6M aborted/murdered innocent children $60M USA alone! Feel proud to have supported?
Thanks
we also same
We want you back Mr. OBAMA this country is in trouble
You will be 1 of the best presidents we every had.
Amen, but also talk to museveni not to force Ugandans into terror actions
Happy Birthday queen
I think it already did and not for the better
We never forget you
@BarackObama we miss you Mr.President, and it's increasingly evident
U released TERRORIST and gave them STUFF
You're term is done. Go back to Chicago or wherever & leave the American public alone to repair the damage u caused
