I heard you were divorcing him.
She never had children.
.@BarackObama .@MichelleObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
A very happy Mother's Day sir. God is not everywhere this is why he made MOTHER 

@BarackObama @MichelleObama
Mr Obama hi
Abd CHP.


Right back at you two!
awesome
Thank you Mr President 
Happy Mother's Day Michelle!!  We miss you both.  Hope you have a wonderful day.  Our hearts and prayers are always with you.
Love to you both. This mom is ECSTATIC to have raised her kids when we had honest public servants in The WH. Thx 4 being their role models!
Well said, per usual. Miss your eloquence & Michelle's incredible poise. Happy Mother's Day! 
We miss you both humble, passionate couple in the white house.Hope you will occupy it in near future.

Surprise my mom and take the presidency from Trump
Here you go! 
The only thing wrong with that is that if Trump gets impeached, we get Pence, and Pence is arguably worse.
I'm willing to take that chance ... at least until it's found out he's also crooked. Trump must go now!
Happy Mother's Day to your lovely wife. I really admire you both.
Dad
 thanx.. from a Belgian mother.. you are such a kind man...
Happy Mother's Day Michelle!!!!
Can Michelle please run for President in 2020? Thanks, B.
Hey, @realDonaldTrump, look, Obama's mothers day message had more likes than yours.  

Thank you Barack Obama. You are still my president. Cater to your queen Michelle today. It's her day.  God bless you both.
Glad her shitty school lunch program is gone.
we miss you!!
Happy Mother's Day @MichelleObama  Mr. President, we miss you, we need you back and we're scared of what's happening.
happy mother day
Hapi Mother's day Mr.President
But she is a Man :)
Happy Mom's Day Michelle and all moms.
please come back!!!!!
Thank You Mr. President!!!
I will ALWAYS love you & your family President OBAMA!!!  May all your dreams come true!!!
I miss y'all
Don't be Selfish lol we all miss them 
She is a wonderful example of a hardworking mother 
Thank you! Happy Mother's Day Mrs. O!  We miss you both! 
Love you both!
Happy Mother's day @MichelleObama The Greatest First Lady Ever We all miss you so much
What an absolutely stunningly beautiful picture!!!
Happy #MothersDay  to all the heroic #ResistanceMoms. It is strong #NastyWomen that lead #TheResistance, and they're who Trump is scared of.
I'm so glad we at least got a taste of what it's like to have an honest family in the White House
RETWEET If You Are Sick and Tired Of Trump's Childish Games and Tweets!!
Please just come back!!!
Or @MichelleObama for 2020 and we'll have best first man ever and America will be great again
No. That destroys the tradition.
Some traditions, need destroying.
What does he even mean by tradition?
Perhaps the tradition of only having a man as POTUS?
We miss you. Trump isnt a good President
dude this is a mother's day tweet
Libtards never miss a chance to take their shot. Still sour over the beating they received in November.
Ah yes, the beating when Don lost the popular vote by 3 mil then claimed it was fraud. Good times, that beating. Fair win, not a beating.
mkay let's not get political. nobody cares rather you like trump or Obama or not, this was Obama being nice bc it's Mother's Day :)
Folks always going off topic.  They're just slow and hateful.
Those liberals are like that. Promotes hate and vagina faces. Uhg they are nasty
With all that is going on with 45, I think you guys are stuck on stupid!
Weiners
Happy Mother's Day to your lovely wife, Mr. O! The whole world misses you both. Don't let Trump annihilate both your legacies.

If only you could have had a third term!!!
He is correct, he just didn't clarify that the country that elected him was Russia.
You mean "Mike," right???
Please come back. We need you to stop this train wreck of a presidency.
Thanks
The best president of my time
Greetings from the uk sir @BarackObama #BarackObama
I LOVE PITBULL  He's the new blue eyes
Dad
Thanks#stillmypresident
Thanks for the wish, I hope to get many more. I send my wish to Michelle too . I give  her 3 kses: 1 form u, 1 from Melia, and 1 from Sasha.
@MichellObama1  happy mothers day
This is something you should've done instead of pandering to BLM, and excusing the assassination of police officers. We're happy you're gone
You are amazing my FOREVER president !
You such a good Husband and good Father Mr Obama. We continue to learn a lot from you.
Thanks @BarackObama So inspiring as always!! My biggest dream is to meet you one day.
Thank you.
You are very obsticle the felt of unkind of muslim people and other people because you had try to was amediation person and your government
My birthday in 6th august we can celebrate in my farm in KSA
@Barack Obama and @Michelle Obama you 2 have the love everyone wishes to have in this world...
Love & partner? So Michelle is a man! I knew it!!
Yea derrick, she's a man...
I have so much Love and respect for you Mr. Barack Obama!
And come on with your law AmeriCain is piling up more dead bodies a day then Syria.
Can you wish happy mother's day to a tranny?
Miss you one of the ppl I respect admire and beyond... may God protect & open the door for you !

We miss u...
that's so nice of you
Thanks Mr President. I appreciate and respect the role you both played for our country
Donald Trump's new moniker:  Benedict Arnold!!
thou on
I live in Canada and I miss you
Happy mathers day and I love you Mr obama
DONALD TRUMP IS DISTROYING AMERICA I WANT YOU BACK AS MY PRISEDENT PLZZZ DONALD TRUMP AHHH (BTW I'm ur biggest fan tell ur wife she pretty
Mothers r the greatest blessing in this universe.....Cz they are making our world better with the shed of affection 
I hear your dignified silence loud and clear..sometimes it's better to sit back and watch the "proverbial ship" sink its self !!! #IMPEACH
Greatness you are.....
Obrigada !
foolish ex-president
郭文贵Guo Wengui    
the outcome of the election?
I had hidden ball trick from at first.It's originator.I want to ask about payment.
Vem pro Brasil
Gag me!
Come back PLEASE!!! The stupidity of Trump is embarrassing
Am very happy 4u. Plz I need ur help seriously. bcs I don't have anything at hand not even to get job sir. Pz. Kindly help ur boy sir.
We sure miss you and your amazing wife...Thank you for all you did for us working folks we so wish you were in charge what a sad time for us
Thank You Mr. President!! We love and miss you!! Happy Mother's Day FLOTUS Michelle Obama!!

Mr president dear sir I really really miss you lot ...u r the real president for me ..india loves you with good blessings...always welcome
انت وش سويت يا الحبيب ..

8 سنين وانت تخطط على المسلمين والعرب  ..

ابو فهد ( نسف ) مخططاتك 
في ٢٤ ساعه 

طس
Please save us we need you
Man, what a class act.
من چطور مي توانم تيك آبي در حساب كاربريم بگيرم اين سوال رو از همه پرسيدم ولي هيچ كس براي من كاري نكرد و كسي من رو راهنمايي نكرد
God bless you both, thanks for all you do...
Si si yyyeeeaaahhh feel good une in.c
Thank you so much to the man that will always be my President!
米歇尔应该很感动
Thank you Mr President @BarackObama and @MichelleObama #StillMyPresident #POTUSandFlotus 
So sweet Now it's Your turn and Your Day We miss you so 
#We miss you Mr. President!!!
Bark sucks. Thank God he's gone.
Giv me 1 millon
This is my iban:KW35KFHO0000000000221050029468
Love
Thanks for visiting our Caribbean islands BIG - O,  AND HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY,  To your lovely and strong lioness Queen.
you are a good man.
Thank you so very much ! Happy Mother's day to you as well ! God bless you and your family
Wondering if you will respond to my tweet.  Is there hope for this country?
From some Moms who need your help: #PleaseHelpUniteOurFamilies, our legally adopted Ethiopian kids are #STUCK due to adoption suspension
Can't you just go back into the dark. Your time is done. Gtfo
O! Black fag 
Thank you great man. We love you
Love you both and miss you so much . Best president in history .
I miss you as pesident. COME BAVK 
we miss you
Why don't you say anything about Mrs Ann Dunham,  Mr ex President?
May it be the last for you both.
Thanks Pres. Obama! Hope Michelle had an enjoyable day. We miss you both during these tumultuous times. Take care Sir.
Thank you, Mr. President!  
Former president
if you donat som wealth plz  contact me(00923215669642) I want supply water a poor people town in a.j.k
Can you speak French？
Common Dreams article by Les Leopold just nailed you on your hippocracy for accepting $400,000 from Wall Street for a speech! Sell your soul
Michelle Obama doesn't like white people.
Good statement. .You go Mr President
Thank you
You mind if we invite your family over to work the land .The new president wants to make America Great again and those little ones need?
I MISS YOU!!! #3RDTERM
#suckballs douche
come here, to the Brazil! Please! We need you!
Partner. Micheles thinking bout that typo
She is pure greatness! Best to you both. JBL'90
Thank Michel
Thank you~we miss you!!
Thank you Mr. President
Hello obama ..do you love IRAN? You will go to jahannam with them ,
شوف علم اسيادك

