800+ #CSforALL schools (like Shiprock HS in NM), educators, and advocates on call were thrilled by words of encouragement from @BarackObama 
It would be nice if our current president understood that future technology is more important than past technologies like coal.
Instead the Republicans want to turn the clock back and erase all the progress we have made
We have a 71 year-old president who has the mind of a 91-year-old living in the 1940s.
As a nation we can't let this evil man undo everything that Barack Obama has done!
Our country needs to move forward like it was when Obama was POTUS. Not backward like it is under the troglodyte at the WH.
If America wants to succeed in the decades to come technology is the most important area to invest in.
One of your many successes was your investment in technology and the future of America's youth
Now we are just all too concerned about Republicans taking Obama care away.
I beg you to come forth and speak out against what the GOP is trying to do this week


Love those guys!
Both Obama and Biden left America better than where they started. Neither Trump nor Pence can say that about USA or even their home state
Yes We Can Stop Child poverty, pls support our children’s campaign by giving generously. Together we can make a huge difference.
i cant believe that this is real until i tested him, i want to use this medium to warn everyone that criticize this great healer Dr abaka email drabakaspelltemple@gmail.com for what they have not test and confirm, i have tested this man and confirm him he is real and genuine
love you still my PRESIDENT ALWAYS and FOREVER 
Obama my BRB 
Some great work in this way has been done by @karliekloss with her Kode With Klossy, a coding camp for girls.
You're not the president anymore!!
Thanks obama

Hi Obama
Hi Obama :^)
I'm female and love coding.
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982895668363714560 … 4902
Printed in U.S.A
Click URL: https://goo.gl/WrBGCf  
Click URL: https://goo.gl/WrBGCf  
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time
…
Help us
https://m.youtube.com/watch?sns=fb&v=k3PhslUUZJA … Obama hope you like my videowatch my video guyz
Arre yaar kisne bola coding is fun? 

Yaar code karte karte dimaag ka bhajiya ban jaata hai. Sabke liye nahi hai
Coding Fun? Please.
Thanks  for  being involved  !
Gracias.
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/upbeat-after-thrilling-victory-in-their.html …
Thank you Mr President
Good morning
The first time I tried it, my hands trembled with excitement. I knew this was what I wanted/needed to do.
yeh yeh yeh
We miss you so much .
.@CSforALL .@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic
Yeah I hear you...

Comparing you to the current president? You care a lot more about the kids and people in general. You united all regardless of anything
Miss u sir
Mr. President
Having a real President is important and fun too.
The GOP is trying to shove Trumpcare down America's throat. They just won't stop trying to kill us.
We need to defeat #GrahamCassidy and save healthcare for all Americans.
We all wish Obama was still President. Trump is a clownface joke.
Our children have intelligent brilliant minds that need sculpting and nurturing, coding is essential and should be taught in school
We miss you Mr. President. Thank you for everything we appreciate your service and hard work. We love you and your family. Hope all is well.
Still my president!
I m indian but ur big big  fan sir
Thank You for continuing to show in your words and deeds (and tweets) how to act Presidential. 
This is how a President tweets. Professionally without the harsh criticisms of attacks.
We love you, President Obama. NO racist or conservative will ever change that....
So right on. Started coding in 1965 on punched cards. Now use Raspberry Pi to help my grandson code in Python. Remember Colossus and Turing.
2 decades too late
this was critical in the 90s

Automation has overtaken
& our clock is running out
& survival of most humans
is improbable
Deal with the facts
(the science, not my opinion)

we have a few hundred years
before Earth can no longer
sustain human life

#FixThis
Coding is a science by itself :)
http://split.nyc/split-it-pays-to-share-on-1QMJdaVf …
Who are you???
Dam I miss having a President with a brain....
This reminds me of the days when the USA had a president who valued education and expertise.  Now it's just about making America hate again.

please come back
If the constitution of the United States lets him but to us he's a citizen, father, husband and former President. Trump never lives up.

I went from unemployed to making serious bank thanks to @BarackObama. Your unemployment extension allowed me to get my Engineering degree.
Congratulations! Well done on your awesome achievement! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jt3_gs0hdpc&t=228s …
PsycoSwitchd My Heart Care To His Side,Overbearingness,Unaquanted40YearsJodyTrailerTrashPuruvyPsycisisObsesed,
Yeah, because you didn’t use your magic wand to keep the manufacturing jobs here. 
Thanks obummer
Thank you President Obama.
We miss having a POTUS that values education, future leaders and the global economy.  #Obama
A real President does it all. He may have left but to all of us, we will remember this...Yes we can, yes we did and forward! -2008 and 2012.
You said it all in 140 characters!!
I did! Wow. I am so proud of myself!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jt3_gs0hdpc&t=228s …


FLASHBACK: Obama makes a 2008 campaign promise to recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s capital. 

He later broke that promise, used the U.N. as a politi…
AFRICA KIDS NEED EDUCATION ,WE KNOW .HIGHTECH IS A BONUS... THANK U.
BABA'OOO HAPPY HAPPY 2018. CAMEROON AND ALL  AFRICA ARE INVITING YOU IN 2018.... KISS DADA MICHELLE AND GIRLS 4 US!!
u sure did your best to BR this country and now u r interested in kids
Learn to code so you can #WireTap better.
Go pound sand. Who cares what you think
med ia PLAYER?PLEYER?PLÄYER IM INTERNET?JALTE(J=SCH) INTERNET ZUHAUSE AB-ABER HABE IMER NOH INTER ANJLUZ?DURJ MEDIA PLEYER DATEN DIBJTHAL
Great skill for wire tapping..lol
Looks fun!
key in preparing 21th century youngster to master their world
Love you Barack.
How is it competition when companies can ship jobs to places they can pay 1/7 of what they would pay an American?
I plan to start coding in a couple of months. Wish me luck!!
Thank you Mr President
Man, I loved you but you are breaking my heart w/yr Wall Street buck-raking.  Hope & change feel very far away.  I implore you, stop.
Did you give Russia the codes to DNC server?
Codeing is important but it is definatly not fun. Going on a roller coaster is fun
Coding is fun, but I doubt Mr. Obama really knows how fun it is.
The Tech world is gonna boom forever and is a great investment in every childs future
Thank you my president Obama for all you do
Wish you was still in office
You are absolutely correct Mr. President. This is the future.  Even I am learning myself :)
It's not fun
my role model missing you great man
The world misses you Mr President
Thank you, doing something REAL for kids!! Been to Shiprock
Nigeria way to go . Educate the young mind
来b站做鬼畜啊
Thanks for sharing intelligent things on social media. I miss having a President we could be proud of and aspire to be like
You and Hillary just can't let go.  Not everyone has missed the chaos YOU have created.  Liberals? Mmmmmno.
@JonahWitcig he be plugging
What would make things better for all would be for you disappear from America; you've done enough to destroy this nation!

I Love  What you did/How you did/What you said/ How you said.May you&your family receive blessings of initiatives you started/approved.
We have the same phone
很难想象啊
New Mexico is proud to have President Obama
We need more of you your exellency, please. Don't shy away. The fight for civil rights has only began.
I need someone to teach ME what coding is.
President Obama is an Awesome,Amazing ,Magnificent Human Being
Please check out @pluralsight #kids #courses #coding

Obama now knows the effects of the TRUMP BUMP as he gazes at his stock market portfolio! Can you say wow Obama?
KOELN:

Obama really doesn't credit a out americans. Always trying to dumb down education for the ones that don't want to work .  Kinda like him
I'm 38 years old, and even I'm learning to code! Definitely fun!
Thank you for all the great things you did as president. You are missed
Ily rapmon loves you too. We all love you
it is kind for you
@kyleeloo
Yup, there's an increased need 4 cyber warriors. In fact, there's a whole new Unified Combatant Command to ensure fair competition 4 all! ;)
En Colombia http://www.makeitreal.camp  
every American kid*
the world miss you
Should #Children become employees of #Companies that do #Deforestation  #Pollution #Junkfood #Physical inactivity
Wiretapper!
I am heartbroken that our country elected someone not fit to be called President.  I cannot imagine what you must truly feel.
Hiiiiiii sir How are U
Miss you
O my dear brother, I wish to see you and to protect you
This is so awesome.  My grandson who loves mathematics would Love to do this?
Thank you president for recognizing that. Wish we still have you in the office but I am sure you will make a big impact on your new role
Thanks for sharing and leading, Mr. President.
Go away now
to bad this is your imagination
I can't say enough how fantastic of an idea this is.
Indeed, my kid will start coding after school this week!
OMG..! How I f**cking miss you Mr. President... Pls remain relevant sir.
Mr. Obama, you're awesome :)
Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
Even the most reluctant students loveit
Get a digital skill set and change the world! @42SiliconValley is here to help these students continue with their programming education.
People are suffering and need your help. Dismantle radio frequency grid in the east, west coast! People stuck in jail are forced to v2k me!
Barack, do you know @SetVeintiuno? Coding in Latam schools!!
看不懂你说的什么
We miss you Obama
Good job
Forever love
@tamarhuggins made me think of your work #techsparkto
so président trump was right about wire  spy its not funny anymoore because people cnn use to laught about it
Go away you are a reminder of a failed past!
8yrs of pain with this "President"... Thank the Lord that he's gone!
Thanks for DIVIDING OUR COUNTRY Former Obama
Coding helps making better decisions and managers should learn it as well CC @Aurelie_JEAN

Oh please… go kiss some more wall street ass you sell out!
Always thinking about our future generations.  God bless and protect you!
We are in a coding class at our local library right now!   She is 6!
Dear Mr Obama...I miss you so much....and I'm not even American!!
Thx for the mess you put this country in.
For you to come forth on any worthy cause for kids is pathetic. After you infiltrated Iran Muslims into America to kill American children.
@casseveritt
So dull
Turn every Republican out as they come up for reelection.
If children are so important, why did you support terrorism and help to kill children?
Sometimes my twitter breaks from coding go on a bit too long but after reading this, I'll be back quicker w/stuff I want/meant to do.
This should replace high-school trig and Calc. Coding is real work. I'm 24 and never used trig or quadratic equation. And I'm in IT
No, you learn it to understand it if/when you need it & how it works internally if provided. Else you're stuck as scripter & hdwr babysitter
I'd rather learn python than trig and those other useless math... Algebra can stay. school are lacking in general. No financial literacy.
Python has scientific math & graphics libraries, you'll eventually run into some use for that info there. Finance is prob & stat & ledgers
I learned it in college. Only did basic arithmetic. And as long as it's put into something that makes sense it is worth it.
