In the meantime, I want to hear what you're thinking about the road ahead. So share your ideas with me here:
@ellis_texas @ObamaFoundation thank you for your service to our country for 8 years. Excited to see your next chapter.
his 8 years of service, just about destroyed the country.
No. By every metric, the U.S. is far better off than it was at the end of 2007.
97 million out of work 10+ Trillion of new dept, a failed health care law list go's on
You might want to turn off Fox News and read actual facts about 2008-2016.
CNN, MSNBC, ABC, Washington Post, NY Times are the worst.
A discussion won't be possible since you are not willing to use facts as basis.
There is hope, Trump self funded trying to help us, not perfect let's give him chance
A shadow Government is likely a Treasonous and Seditious one that can lead to bad consequences for those leading it.
Concerning the road ahead, sir, follow your predecessor's example. Let @POTUS @realDonaldTrump do his job without any interference from you.
scared of the road ahead. It is a daily nightmare.
unfortunately Trump is digging up the road ahead and replacing it with a dirt track
@WednesdaysWoe27 @BarackObama Not an obstacle course.
An obstacle course built on top of a minefield lol
Why don't you keep your nose out of @POTUS business? What happened to the peaceful transition you promised? Oh wait..promises=0
This was one of the greatest days in my life knowing that your Muslim @ss would no longer be President
My IDEA is the "road ahead" will be GREAT with PRESIDENT TRUMP at the helm!
Oh, America's change is GREAT! TRUMP!!!
Nice pic
very troubled. Trump is continuing to divide this nation.
Mayday mayday 
Barack we need help getting rid of the Cheeto. 
Please send help! Fast!
I'm reverting to this.. Its the least I could do
hahahahaha.  love it!  And your sense of humour!!!
Stop agitating. Stop dividing. Stop sabotaging. Stick to golf. You do that and maybe, just maybe history will be kind to you.
Please stop meddling in OBSTRUCTIONISM of our duly elected POTUS
Ideas?... let's remove the new presidency.. you have NO IDEA how disappointed we all are.. simply, devastated
Who's we? You mean everyone on the left. Now that Hillary lost, she can't finish destroying the Constitution like Barry wanted to do.
Hello sir
why is valerie jarrett moving in with you?the truth will prevail!never any obama ever again
we are thinking we don't want you to be apart of any road we are on. Stay out of our life's. No world order
It will be great now that you are gone.
I'M GRATEFUL ,HOPEFULLY POSITIVE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 8 YEARS..#MAGA

can you give me examples of his divisiveness, what did he destroy, his corruption, how is he inept?
How do u know he was elected based on color rather than his ability to be POTUS? Did fox do a poll or Breitbart, info wars?
or are u like every Trumpet and Trump himself and just talking crap bc u have no idea wth is going on
Obama will always be known for taking out Osama, historic numbers of votes n rallys. DJT will always be the orange guy
with small hands, small man complex , bird nest hair, and killed Ryan on a failed mission bc he failed to listen.
TRAITOR
please stay away.  We don't need you.
You let us down in so many areas.
I am elderly buying Chemo drugs that are outrageously over priced for my Leukemia.  45 is trying to kill the elderly and poor.
move back to Kenya and all your muslin brotherhood clan!
FABULOUS!!!! Better than we could ever imagine!!! God has BLESSED the USA!!!! Thanks for asking.
Are we still paying for your vacations?  I wouldn't mind paying if I never heard from the Obamas again.
Obama pai sna ki hal e

This 22-year-old Dutch engineer is running the largest ocean clean-up in history. @wef http://buff.ly/2pkITeH  
GOOD BECAUSE YOU DID VERY LITTLE TO HELP AFRICAN AMERICANS OR THE COUNTRY!~
Your administration lost half a trillion dollars for HUD program & Dr. Ben Carson Secretary of HUD conducted the investigation
#smellsfishy
Your road is  A Dead End!
You said Russia meddled in our election yet it was your dirty rotten Administration meddling in our election just like you did to Netanyahu
Save us, dad
I am so afraid of the road ahead now that we have a mentally ill person in the WH! Please guide us Mr. President!
He's not your president anymore and he thinks he is but he's not
Leave President Trump alone. Give him a chance. All X Presidents in the past have given the new Presidents elbow room.
Except for Barry the dictator!!!
excited to have America great again!!!!
Since you left office, America is in turmoil, ppl are feeling vulnerable with a mentally unstable dictator.
President Trump will  MAGA.  Tired of Democrat behavior. ~ an independent
I'm also an Independent. I saw through Obama's lies in 2008.
the road ahead leads to #cakebuzz #cakebuzz #thecakebartender #thecakebartender time for a treat
I'm thinking you need to find your own road ahead. All other Presidents have been able to leave and let the new guy do his job.
Perfect response  I'd like to throat punch all these RESISTERS...
crazy  4yrs, MayB 8 People regain Ur composure. Rioting trash not class. How can he do his job if you're distracting him is that Ur plan?
Republicans aren't doing what's right for the country or the people. It's all about spite and lining their pockets at the expense is USA
Saus fucken who.... you... bit arrogant arent you.
Hahahaha that's what Twitter is people's opinions. And trump hasn't taken The right to speak mind away yet.
I feel The DNC should spend more money to win these red state spots now that republicans.are waking up to how Trump has lied to them. Put
The DNC has the chance to win the country back. The RNC is lying about the ACA. The ppl will lose their health care. Taxes are raised. We
Can win the country back and get rid of the gerymanderong. Dems must not fail. Our demovracy is in danger. American way of life is under att
Poor whites, People who need education from community college and on the job training so they can get traini g for new jobs Wind farms,.sola
Infrastructure  jobs. Old coal jobs are not coming back. Lower class workets need training. Auto manufactureing robots are doing. Help us
A house divided will fall
We miss you and @MichelleObama  now more than ever...even as Canadians #bestpresident #ever #Potus44
 you are clueless lamBPD
Obama
I'm full of Hope because we have a president now that cares about America. America is finally first
Citizens of the world?   $400k speech fees $60 million book fees "you didn't earn it"
@coton_luver @ObamaFoundation Bigly will do more 2 enhance your legacy than any PR firm could. Chill & take in SNL 24/7.
I'm interested in prison reform, please help
it's one thing I know it is no easy road
@PutAHappyFaceOn @ObamaFoundation We need a balance between corporations and the gen. public..so more grassroots candidates
Hey YOU ARE NOT THE PRESIDENT ANYMORE, You nearly destroyed our country, you will never win Over The Power Of God!!
Any road that doesn't involve you would be good.
The road ahead looks wonderful with our new President.
I found Trump positively scored on all 9 realms on DSM III-R for "Narcissistic Personality Disorder." Few aware of implications
lol. And what does BØ's say? 10/10
she 

secretary
Good nordest senhor presidente das américa lenbro eu do dia 7 DE setembro ki vc enviou um monte de avião busca bim lard bim lard mim segui
Your smile is enough to go ahead. You have won millions of people in US and around US. Now the road ahead is to hold Trump Yes

Thank you Sir,You are noble honest a true patriot.God bless you.
Help us get Dems registered to vote, campaign for newcomers, help Mr Carter build houses. 
ps. We miss you!!
Mr. President don't worry about those HATTERS, they think like Trump there nothing in there but hate.
What hatters? You mean the Mad Hatter? Or is that just a typo? I gave Barry a chance, he failed miserably. The left are the real Haters.
SOS
A moral higher ground where children are free from abuse of being brainwashed by liberal beliefs. Let them grow up!
I think we need to Fix the damming when Donald Trump is not president B)
Love hou and we truly miss hou.
hi l like ur comment hw great ar they
, Иисус Христос, да благословит вас ,, мир, здоровье, счастье, прощай
As Michelle said, you have no hope. What little legacy you left is going down in flames. Appears Susan Rice lit the match.
Need focus en mass to accomplish forward instead of backward.  Want renewable energy, clean water, clean air,
we miss your intelligence,diplomacy,elegance.class,humor,y high standard of excellence..the fact u truly care about human race
O'Bama - Happy St Patrick's. We miss you!
We have gone from one of the best presidents to the worst president. President Obama, your country is suffering.
I am proud to be an American and greatful to President Trump #AmericaFirst
so were the nazi-sheep untill they lost,were interned & hair cut off as visible public shaming!
And what is skit ret
Just stay quiet for a few years. Enjoy your family get some sleep.  History will judge you soon enough.
Thank you President Obama for continuing to serve and care. I miss you. You're still my prez. Ignore haters
You mean ignore the truth that Obama tried to ruin our country.
I think you should consider a third term.
Here is a great idea,  you had your chance to make America great and did not, leave Trump alone and let him!!
The Dems, though multifaceted,  need to strengthen their unity & PR. You can help, as one of out most beloved ex-presidents.
Worse so called president ever....  I don't hate you but I do not like you
PLEASE stop lying to the country.
#Michelle2020
I can't believe how mean most people are on here. Canada loves this man! Definitely Trump trolls...you can stay away.
We will have a facist dictator, r country will be ruled by dark money billionaires, environmental protctions will go,no health car 4 poor
President Obama knap, hello, zegene u, goedemorgen, goede middag, goede nacht, bereid, Heer, Heer Boeddha, Jezus Christus, zegen je ,,
Discouraged by toxic climate we now face & people embracing such delusion- but never hopeless. TY for your dignity and grace.
This site is worst than the Obamacare website!  You are a complete failure!
@BarackObama
Another slush fund!
I miss you
I think the road ahead is looking great after we got rid of you
We need to help the democrats and liberal independents (me) find focus to help those who will be stranded by the Trump admin.
i respect for you and your honarable
Your presidency taught me that its wrong to monetarily tax hard working people who chose to not sign for Federal Healthcare
Apprehension in spades.*******=" a person who betrays a friend, country, principle, etc." We MUST be on guard. This is serious.
Good monograph association asked now more
Show some class and retire.
go back to your shithole birthplace in Kenya.
why  is  there  NO   Guarantees  on   any thing   on  any  of  the  Conditions    ?
I like it
That orange neanderthal is killing our democracy
These black clowns have lost their fucken minds. Paranioa and platitudes Go do something with your life, stop whinging about mine and others
You need to know that anything good happen today,stock,job,we're done by President Obama for the frist year,as it's always been
I'm sorry for being a jerk about you for 8 yrs. I had no idea how bad it could be... Until now.
REALLY, U think the people don't know what U R doing! It's called SHADOW GOVERNMENT! U + SOROS R colluding 2 undermine!
It's a bit fucking late for that, no?   You didn't help us when you were president, why bother now?   Go away.     #marijuana
Obamacare is the law of the land! 
I joined.Good Lord ! Is there anything small you and Michelle do? My concerns are about ethics, we need to raise the standard?
It’s@all about the #BlueWave, President Obama! Enjoy your vacation. When you come back, we hope you’ll help make our country beautiful blue again in November.
#BlueWave2018 #Democracy #Indivisible #BlueTsunami #Elections2018
I have huge respect for you Barack, you worked so hard for your country. I have Zero respect for madman Trump. He is a laughing stock of a man.
what road? Get a job ,and live happily ever after!
Or GO TO JAIL!
You tried to meddle in our election by wiretapping Trump etc... Rice & others admitted it.   You will go down as the worst president ever 

The road ahead is going to be the worst. But I want to encourage you to head back to your roots, if it's not to late. Rev.Wright.
B loyal 2 the USA. Respect the will of the American People. Put the well being of USA above UR SELF IMAGE.
Road ahead will show you are heading a clandestine government trying bring President Trump down.  U are a "bad (sick) man."
Move to Iran where your friends are!
Here's what I think. Trump spent 8 years bashing you. Time to fire back, 44. The country needs you to call out his lies. #MAGA #ImpeachTrump
Truth is your biggest enemy and it is growing.

It'll be good to see you go to prison for treason if you continue meddling.
I just want my grandchildren to raise up in a peaceful world, hence there was no chance for my children
@Johnson41299 @ObamaFoundation absolutely with you.
mr.President the Kogelo people and Kenyans wanna see you! c'mon just one visit is enough  for Siaya.
I'm very inspired by you,  sir
#myfantasy Homes for families & individuals escaping domestic violence- do THIS :)
Our society needs GOD, morals, respect..as you can see without these chaos runs amuck, young people have no direction, do you want a legacy?
i brlieve Trump will be a much better POTUS that u ever were.
The road ahead is a hot mess. Oh, and the new driver is drunk as a pirate. Maybe he has scurvy.
President Obama, I've been trying to get a hold of you for 8 years now. I do have ton talk to you. John Alfano, please
Are you ready for us?  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJ6CcEOmlYU …) Because #TheResistance is ready to talk to you! Boy, oh, boy.
We need your dedication and passion. Everyone!
thank you John A
Very good
THE ROAD AHEAD has been made into a HUGE CURVACOUS TWISTER with FAT RUMP at the WHEEL
Great Human being, Great President, Great family,
I think we have strong POTUS taking our country back America First no more apologizing to world strong military, jobs & better healthcare
Go away please
Are you able to fix it? Syrian children, women, schools, victims? I doubt that
the road ahead...
leves
oh look another rightwing snowflake asking for a safe space from people with opposing views...
Is this as lucrative as much as the Hillary Clinton foundation?
I'm thinking that I would like our government to work for US, not spend every moment attacking each other.  That's not why they were elected
