شلونك غالي ....ما اشتقتلي ؟ ؟ 
حج اوباما توصالي بالكنغ علاء و لا تنسى تشتاقولي 
عراسي ابو محمد الكنغ بس شفتو بوجهي قلت اطمن عليه من لما استلم ترامب ما حكيت معو للشب☻
لا لا تقطعو بضل اوباما من جيجاتنا
Sad thing is I’ll bet he can read your post!
I'm sorry you find it disappointing if people are multilingual. :^)
But please , feel free to scribble away, I will find my way out, I hope at least the exit sign is in English.
Bye racist!
Cant wait for OBAMA indictement just before the wedding
Britain has truly become a left wing country with islam soon looming boldly

That or you just can’t stand that a black guy did better than you in life 
We miss you!!  The good old days!!
The poor welfare days?
I know you just did not, best not come to my hood
Yes, congratulate fellow globalists who enslaved your people while blaming cops for it back in America. Do you even know everything you do has been prophesied as you are an antichrist figure? Your star (Jupiter) enters Libra on 12-21-2017 lead world health
You can call Trump a bully, racist, xenophobe, liar, islamophobe, fascist, or even a cheeto.

THE TRUTH IS, you hate him because he’s a white Conservative Christi…

#RACIST #SCUMBAG
https://www.google.com/amp/insider.foxnews.com/amp/article/59329 …
FOAD MOF’r
#SCUMBAG

They spelt Palestine wrong :)
@BarackObama says more women should be in power because ‘men seem to be having problems’... @PattyArquette @JoyAnnReid @AprilDRyan @cher @rosemcgowan @AsiaArgento @ava @SymoneDSanders just to name a few.
Right the hell on sir.
Please update your profile to reflect your current status, ex-President.
All former Presidents are called President after they leave office. It is a sign of respect. Try it sometime

It’s the Prime Minister decision 
Actually, it's Prince Harry and Megan's decision. The Prime Minister is afraid that Trump will have a tantrum if he is not invited and the Obama's are. I hope they do get invited... Itay give Cheetolini the stroke we are all wishing for. It's all politics.
Well I can’t see why anyone likes these two evil people obama was trying to destroy USA thevevil muslim!
They are only evil according to your skewed world view. They show more class than that that orange Julius Caesar ever will.
That that is your view, 
not everyones;)
The Obamas didn't run for president, want so what does this prove? I'll wait...
So sorry you and Michael were erased from the guest list!!!  What a shame!!!



. @BarackObama  You are an IDIOT!! We know about you, OFA, Obama holdovers, Muslim Brotherhood, your belittling to Sadiq and Macron! #MAGA https://twitter.com/nivisa4031/status/938919664670969856 …
Ur still not invited...
Please come back!! The new guy started a dumpster fire and... well... we need an adult!! #IWouldVoteForYouAgain #TheFireisSpreading #NotMyCheeto
I sincerely miss you in the White House Mr. President! America misses your class, dignity and intelligence. Thank you for 8 wonderful years of service without drama! You and Michelle will forever be respected. God Bless 
Michelle Obama Neighborhood Library: Where Satanic Drag Queens Read To Children - https://www.cernovich.com/michelle-obama-satanic-drag-queen/ …

You and Michelle will always be cool with me and Bob!
I hope they’ll be as happy as you and Michelle. Your marriage is inspiring. Miss you and your family so much.
hhkkkkklokkk lakhkkkkkk kkjlkoiiokhsk
who cares what you and MIKE think
We want to congratulate you on your move to another country , be safe be well. I'm Thankful we finally have a @POTUS that understands the American people.
Right? That’s why Trump the election by most electoral votes, and the popular vote twice. Lol just kidding that was Obama’s. The only thing Trump leads in highest disapproval numbers. 
55
What’s that? The percentage of people who strongly disapprove of Trump? Or the age Trump was the last time he grabbed someone by the pussy?
Your followers #faketwitter
Lol did you see Trump’s lying tweet for today? 45 million views for his SOTU and it was the most watched in history. Trumps telling you 54.2 M Obama got was less than the 45.6 M he got. Do you believe 54 is less than 45?
55 #faketwitter



We love and miss you....The way you carried yourself in office, you should be proud..... i’m so scared on the route we’re on right now. We have someone so incompetent running something so important

So true... he is a traitor also ... not only worst president EVER!  #@BarackObama needs to fry for these: #ReleaseTheMemo #ObamaGate #UraniumOne #LoganAct
How do you run to China to be a micro business? wwww
Just go away and stop stalking our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #Trump2020 #MAGA
I got a belly laugh from this picture.
And once again you never fail to be the epitome of grace and honor. Thank you, my President and First LADY! And congratulations to the lovely couple. May they reign long, and bring peace to the world through their courage and insights.
You wish them joy, yet you put Americans through hell for 8 years.
Michelle and you always seemed so happy and in love. Mr.  President,  you are a very caring man.  Thank you for being such an example to our nation and the world how the POTUS should act.  You, sir, are a class act.  Miss you and our family being at 1600.
Jane
Gross man
We miss the First Lady and You!
Can we have you back please!
Hell no!!!
To quote the article announcing Prince Harry's radio interview of President Obama:

"How nice it is to be reminded that America once had a President that you wouldn’t think twice about inviting to your wedding."

PLEASE MOVE TO ENGLAND AND FIND YOURSELF A NICE HOLE TO CRAWL IN
In your bio add the word FORMER before president.
Nothing but class. You will forever be my President.
History will stat he is the GREATEST PRESIDENT we ever had....Thank You President Obama. ...
Come back please
This tweet makes my heart happy
It’s a great day in America when our kids no longer have to wirry about the crappy school lunches you forced upon them #chocolatemilk
You need to update your bio, sir: EX-pesident #LoganAct
American presidents hold the title for life.
My take on this is that he had the title of President, but President Obama is no longer President. So he should update his twitter.
Have some class! Why don’t you retire & ride off in the sunset like other presidents?
Nobody cares anymore what you think. Not cool to dis our Prez est overseas!
That’s your opinion, mine is diffrent than yours. I still look fotward for the former president, more classy and eloquent and very well mannered
But weak on borders, immigration & foreign policy, not to mention economics
He gave Iran, the biggest supporter of terrorists, 1.5 BILLION DOLLARS OF TAXPAYER MONEY. UGH! Manners! I’d rather have someone with strength & who supports the military.
#pathetic worm  invite  #realSad #WorstPresident EVER 
Now that @meghanmarkle is moving to the UK she will have to be #FATCA compliant, a draconian and deeply misguided tax act enacted by you that causes suffering to millions of Americans abroad and causes havoc on the global financial system. It must be repealed @realDonaldTrump

Whose ideology & actions are closer to fascism & early Nazism?
Go away
You can keep your plan

Priceless
you and michelle need to shut the heck up and let the new president do his job. Democrats lost big time, now move on and quit causing problems for America. Your legacy is tarnished and ruined already so stop while you're ahead
Don't let Diaper Don keep you from the wedding.....hopefully he'll be in handcuffs by then
Go and have fun!  If POB attends i might even watch!  
at least we know that whatever Obama does it will be with dignity and class.  things our current president lacks.  #Resist
How about congratulating Israel! Another W for Trump and a loss for you!!! 
Haha your not on the Guest list. for their Wedding.
Queen Elizabeth herself said the invites are for the Standing President and First lady. Not the Previous circus
Thank you Mr Obama you are a man with God blessing
You people are so brainwashed if he told you the sky was falling you would believe his BS!
What


政治の方は、今後どーしていく予定ですか？
the queen doesnt want another "queen" there 2 outsnub her. LOL.
Besides, u guys r all tied up anyway, right? #QAnon 


Will one be coming to the stag doo Mr President? Apparently uncle Harry said it’s going to get “a bit messy” #HRH #PrinceHarrysStagDoo
Yes congrats to Prince HarryMeghan Markle! Very happy for the both of them!

Nobody cares.
good
Please help us Mr. President! Our world is crashing down....help, help
Nice job seeding small minds into thinking the TRUMP has similarities to Hitler. You really are scum. 

Why don't you have a seat, you're not POTUS any longer so stop pretending you are or we will ask DOJ to file charges against you. Logan Act.
Well..
They like u. So?!?
I could go on and on no disrespect but u really didn’t have clue .. but you guys are the greatest lies of all time:::  may you ask for forgiveness for hurting America and Americans for your personal beliefs... very hurtful

Michelle Obama was an excellent
First Lady.  How dare you post this!  She has more class in her little finger than Trump has in his whole body!
Nobody cares what you say go hide in the woods with Hillary
#ShadowPresident #LoganAct #TourOfApologies
meghan markle.. harry... who cares.

I miss you.

Love you sir u r great.
Bro, GO to the damn wedding! #presidentpervert does nothing for you but try to embarass you and your family. Don't deny your family this because of a little bitch who should not be in the White House.
I wonder if @realDonaldTrump will congratulate you guys as well? No, I mean, he doesnt have to. He wouldn't dare come behind a black ex-President whose popularity is still higher than his. That would make his dentures do tha "SupaMan" and start singin, "I believe I can flyyy"
Barack thanks for 21 trillion my kids grand kids will be still be paying that off
U can not take credit for All Trump has done, ur Evil & Worst Pres in History, diff between dark and light
Sir, I really miss you!
You aren't qualified to lead a small village in Kenya!
Your grace and class are so sorely missed.

I miss you as our President.  I voted for you in 2008 & 2012.
How I wish that you could serve a third term; miss the safety I felt with you, Barack Obama, as our seated President. Stay blessed and safe 
Cant you just gracefully go AWAY?

Please stop bashing  Our Prisident  and America Abroad  in other countries in house ok no one likes it back home. My daughter needs to know Respect  the Prisidency he is your Prisident and you said we must support  outcome of this election  move on we must push him to succeed .
We miss you sooo much!
What kind of advice would Michelle offer to other Transgender women?
We miss your graciousness, wit and statesmanship.
I want to make you a Best Friend
So are you want??
Because I need a Best Friend.
I am alone in my life.
Lol and you got took off the guest list by the queen. Good for her. She knows when people are fake like you and Michael. You both are a frauds and should be deported since I don't believe your a American. Go back home to Kenya before our wonderful president sends you to prison.
Sure you do if something is in it for you!  So laughable.... Go to your birth country and see if you can rob them
... but you don't get to go the wedding.

BAHAHAA they don't like you
I wish you would just go away.
How about that Muslim travel ban?
What about Merry Christmas in the WH?
How about Jerusalem and the U.S. Embassy?
D.J.T. is great right? YES
About time you change your profile. You are no longer president! Get over it!
Your a spy ..... against Americans..you need to be arrested
God bless two of the greatest people on earth. Note I’ve been a Whitesox fan since 1959 lol

Can someone tell this pos to stop pretending he is still President
You mean Micheal right?
俺は応援してるよ！
俺も応援してる！！
So Donald Trump grabbing pussy won Presidency, Roy Moore molested teens trying to be a U.S senator. The people that voted for these guys are the same MF that want to crucify black folks for taking a kneel for injustice. How shameful is that? - So You Know http://www.soyouknow.info/3/post/2017/11/donaldtrumproymoorevoters.html …
You are the laughing stock of the world.. Paranoid that Trump’s gonna kill 60 million? Comparing Trump to Hitler? Lol look in the mirror, put down the crack pipe 
Mr. President, we miss you so much for your calm, intelligent, thoughtful answer to many of the problems you faced during your administration. We missed that intelligent mind. But we will always wish you an Michellle the very best
Thanks you for always keeping it 100% Miss you and Michelle so much in the White House. #allgoodthings
Harry S. Truman: “You can’t get rich in politics unless you’re a crook.” Obama, Pelosi, McCain, Waters...etc! Anyone care to explain how they become wealthy? @POTUS & his family already had money before his presidency. #MAGA
This couple will get back just what they’re putting out there. Donald Trump is President and Jesus Christ is King...just sayin.
Can't wait to see what comes out about ALL  THAT WENT ON  DURING  "YOUR" presidency??? MAGA.
Hi
Hi
We are "delighted to congratulate #PrinceHarry and #MeghanMarkle on their engagement. We wish you a lifetime of joy and happiness together", @BarackObama.
#ReleaseTheMemos #ReleaseTheMemos #ReleaseTheMemos #ReleaseTheMemos #ReleaseTheMemos #ReleaseTheMemos #ReleaseTheMemos
What bullshit!!!
Haha neither you or Michelle are invited it goes out to the standing president and first lady not the formers
You are so cool.
We hope your attending and the UK welcomes you with pride.
The World loves Prince Harry and Princess Meghan Markle  and President Barack Obama & Forever First Lady Michelle Obama 

You know they are doing this for papers right? Only way for royal family to spread DNA on American soil!
I heard you’re invited to the royal wedding but not the grifter Trumps, smart move on Harry and Megan’s part. No one wants Russian mob trash stealing the wedding gifts and silverware. It’s fun to see Ivanka beg thru twitter trying to get invited sorry grifter
How Nice!
Donald Trump is crazy oh yeah dun dun take over the world internet then people don't like it. I don't like it Donald Trump get should fired today you should take it back this. Nickolas Matthew McConnell

USir are quite possibly the 2nd coolest most articulate refined person I have ever heard, seen or encountered in my life!
My son Anthony Charmar (1979-2007)!
#EaayToBeFriend!
You, Mrs. Obama and I should go to the wedding together.
Obsma and his best half Michelle obama is a gifted role model for both of you prince harry and Meghan markle follow in their footsteps and live a very very happiest life
https://youtu.be/SB3JH17wMSI   Can someone explain this?
You guya celebrate beauty and union come back we need some of your love!
Lathang Dinh. Ông ấy đã bị bắt ở vietnamese. Ngài barack có biết? một người bạn đang bị rắc rối cần được ngài giúp.! Hãy bỏ ngoài tai chính quyền để thực hiện tốt cho ngày nhân quyền.
Thank
Hope you will be visiting the UK for the wedding.  Trump is banned lol
Hey Barack you’re no longer President  I just like saying that
Another phony sentiment -- we can all see thru your lies. Go back to Kenya where YOU WERE BORN. @POTUS can easily get ALL your "sealed records" later when he goes after you....... That day will be sweet.
@BarackObama you finally got something named after you. Picture.
You're a joke in my eye's never liked you cause you're very sly
We miss you
They will make a better family, Life is about determination.
Obama you’re the one that is like hitler, not President Trump
Weren't you removed from the invitation list?

Trump Derangement Syndrome 
:)
You’re not invited
We love America too
You won't be going.
How dare U make a comparison of Trump 2 Hitler. Y do U have 2 use cheap divisive tricks 2 fool PPL? In a time when U could help bring together instead you use your position as opposition 2 a duly elected president. Could have spread the love instead you sowed the discontent.
ZAFER ALLAH'INDIR 
Obama it’s so funny how trump is killing it as president . jobs up,  stock market up , border secure , isis dead , medical ins... he is awesome  then your time as potus:: isis was created massive migration of Muslims men in other countries Germany and many more , FBI destroyed
You were the worst President America ever had.
You did everything you could to destroy this great Country while you were in charge!!
In case you haven’t noticed you are not our president anymore thank God Time to sit down shut up  and watch president Trump #MAGA
You will go down as the worst President we ever had !!
YOU SHOULD BE TRAVELING TO THE INNER CITIES TO SPEAK ABOUT BLACK ON BLACK MURDERS .
