We’re building a working center for good citizenship. Right here on the South Side of Chicago. Join us. See more at http://obama.org/the-center  
Driving in my car waiting on President Obama to speak tonight can't wait to hear a real speaker speak after receiving the JFK award
Awe they really love you Obama...
Yes they do
Sooo you love this? What is wrong with you?
President's lie it's true but Trump LOL has taken lying to a NEW HIGH there is a old saying U JUST CAN'T MAKE THIS STUFF UP ( YES HE CAN )
Oh oh  that's all you got - weak a$$
LOL u are a true Trump supporter just like him u throw that piece of chocolate cake out and u want me to bite it L M A O   
We all know that Donald Trump is trying to trash president Obama's legacy we all know this
Oh President Trump does not try, he executes. He's not trashing it he is detonating it!
Yes he is DETONATING HIS ON PRESIDENCY BEFORE YOUR VERY EYES @LatinaforTrump
Go tell that to your 55 followers, bot!
Reading your lies about you got the economy going! You stifled the economy. Trump has done more in 3 months.
trump hasn't done anything except steal healthcare from the poor and further enrich himself
He spent billions of his own money to run. He isn't taking a salary. How is this enriching him?
we spend millions on rent at trump tower and mar a lago. Kushner debt retired
Trumps are going to send their own money on their vacations.
false. Prove it
I'm sure there's more. It's convenient we can't see his financials huh?
You can see his financials. Just not his taxes.
Thank you Barack. And by the way you can make as much money as you want giving speeches. It's your American right
Earns $400,000, donates $2 mil. Damn straight he should earn as much as he wants.
Yes you can! Thank you for your continued dedication to our American democracy!
CHANGE YOUR NAME AND RUN AGAIN PLEASSSEEE!
What if Biden ran and Obama ran with him as VP?
THAT'S FUCKING GENIUS
I wish that was allowed.
Is there a rule that says he can't? I know it's never been done but I don't know if it's not allowed.
The constitution prevents this
How? I'm legitimately curious now.
In order to become vice president, you MUST be eligible for the presidency. Since Obama has fulfilled two terms, he is no longer eligible.
plse tell me that you have found a way to run again...
Yes , please
I MISS HAVING A REAL PRESIDENT

Please, help with climate and healthcare. The world needs you.
Go back on vacation

God bless you 
Congratulations! Looks like function was the priority. What a gift to the city.
Can't wait!!!
Sir you best. 
Talk talk talk and make money
Roll up those sleeves and get back in the White House.
Good...because we need something positive in the world right now!
really?  How quickly you forget.
We miss you so much!
WE LOVE YOU BARACK OBAMA. GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY 
Perhaps you could inspire Trump to be altruistic ?. If it doesn't involve personal profit then no chance of that happening
Mr. Obama, I wish I had your strength. To keep going strong when your past work is being ripped apart, is beyond me, You are a true leader.
God, I miss you and the First Lady
Love it! Awesome Job! My President
Such a treat to listen to a great speaker. Congratulations on a well deserved award in recognition of your work #ProfileInCourage
Yes a great speaker who uses nouns verbs and adverbs correctly in a eloquent coherent sentence. With No need for a 3 stooges translation 
Glad to be a part of the change we need. 
You are doing a great job  KEEP UP the Good Work
Is this as corrupt as the Clinton Foundation, or even worse???
Great another Clinton Foundation.
If you're gonna run home at all you should stop at my office!! (It's on the way)
Or we could just do dinner at your place! Really up to you
See you at 7 then??
I would like to join this dinner
Meet me at my office in Hyde park and we'll walk over together #familydinner
Are you registered to vote?
We miss you man! I already forgot what it's like to have a REAL president!!
Your only as strong as ur team so support and push each other towards greatness!!!!
https://www.gofundme.com/pu9sbm-my-education-my-future …
We are with you, u got a chance to go ahead
We miss you 
If you want to make this a hub of the community add a public library component @chipublib has changed CHI neighborhoods @bbannon
King
What to make this country weaker the you already made it?
no, destroying the US is # 45 job and he is great at it. He got you on hands and feet
Mr. Obama,  President ALOT of people miss ALOT.  Just so this doesn't go to your head, I miss Michelle as well and I bet ALOT OF people miss her too. 
In this picture, you look as though you might have gone body surfing.
That would be good fun to see. Lol

As if he cld predict the future,

Mr. Know-All and a Prophet,…
DOING GOOD FOR THE PLANET UNLIKE  @realDonaldTrump @BarackObama CONGRATS ON WELL DESERVED #profileincourageaward TONIGHT #MSNBC
Nobama Windbag, Bullshit artist!

thank you for the low unemployment rate.  New so called pres claims credit.  Sad.  
didn't see Obama meeting with business leaders, making deals with other countries. He did nothing for the economy! Worst Pres.
Obama ,  a   natural   leader!!
Natural leader for terrorism! Wake up
No,you  misunderstood!  Terrorism  made  by  mossa 'd   and   we  are  exploited.
You hope, didn’t they just file suit to fight this?

This is what a REAL President looks like.
How do you feel about #ReleaseTheMemo ?
Are you back in Kenya? Fraud...

What gets me is these people will not even respond to the facts we show them. They are whimps.
because these aren't  facts it's an image with questionable statements & nothing else show facts
Boy, what a delayed response.  I'm not into that convo anymore.
because you basically have no facts?
 yeah cuz clean air, healthcare and protecting Americans from predatory Wall Street is so in American. LOSER!
Really?? Tell that to the thousands that lost everything when the GOP removed regulations when Bush  was president. How stupid are you!

Barack Obama
Yasna à eau
Nice
Nice pic good morning
3
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982893464806395905 … 6751
Are you Viking lovers ? 
Perfect gift for your family members and friends
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1tzcY1 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/1tzcY1 …
Indeed
Bunch of good little socialists who have zero ability to utilize analytical thinking. Then they all become Democrats who can't think.
@BarackObama @ObamaFoundation
Why don't you take money that it will cost to build your monument to yourself and give it to help clean up intercity gangs !
he is not about really helping anybody. except himself and his rich benefactors. this man is a HUGE hypocrite. #Hollywood at parties matter.
0969443814
I am Obama. I am the most compassionate person in the world. Give it a rest already!!
Not on your life.  Eight years were enough for me.
That's more like it.
Get real, Trumpy should be leading the line up. Aka as fake celebrity!
Enjoy Chicago;the World's largest outdoor shooting range!The police are neutralized,the citizens are DISARMED
You're just trying to destroy America as we know it and it's got to stop
I was so glad to hear Obama's speech tonight. I had forgotten what it was like to hear a president who makes sense.
I've written you letters, sent a few tweets. Just wondering if you answer any correspondences? You've inspired many, myself included.
GO AWAY. The world is sick of you; we have moved on to a great leader in the USA who does not apologize to the world. Please go now.
Yeah, we need you NOW.
Maybe you should go to Hollywood and be in movies , that way we don't have to watch you ...
So exited for the Obama library!  Make it as awesome as you!!! 
@realDonaldTrump 
Obama, New FBI agent might investigate your Treasonous acts. Your prison cell awaits! #MAGA
You need to stay out of the government and give trump the same courtesy that Bush gave you
Mr President, i am an italian citizen but better a global citize, i alwas had admiration for you because you are one like us! Compliments.
Think you can make as much $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ $$$$$$$ as the Clintons did? At least they offered to sell America. What can you offer?
你好
Why don't you spend the half a billion on the poor in Chicago instead of your EGO
Yo dumbass shoulda legalized it
Ma che cazzo c'avrai da ride......boh...
will go down as the President that divided and ended the USA.
Straight to the ash heap of history for you Barack Obama!
牛b
Rolling up our sleeves in more ways than one! We are trying to re-claim WH/ country from den of thieves! You're voice is the light!
Good job ...still very and will always be proud of your work ...good hearted man
Oh, running out of money? Did our president cut off some of your funds?
No doubt you'll steal money and misappropriate funds like HRC did with her foundation.

Let's hope they are smart enough to put him on @MichelleObama 's  lunch menu..let them reap what they sow.
And #Nasty
Amazing as always
please go away. You not the president.
no it's not back where it all started  because you never started.
Thank you

Issh, feel like taking a shower after being on this site
God help us...
It's sad to see so many people with such hate for a person they don't know. Ask yourself, what have you done to make things better today?
#DemExit after witnessing this bullshit.
What a joke
Please help us!!! With Trump firing Comey, how will we ever get to the bottom? How is this happening in this country ?
Mr Obama, l wish you could have served another eight years.
to the people of Chicago: Obama does not care about you he only cares about his wallet (aka "Charity")
Sana kendi başımdan geçen bir anekdot anlatayım biraz gül!
pppopop

He was a murderer from the beginning, refusing to uphold the truth, because there is no truth in him.  John 8:44
Yeah you do that #Obamacare in ashes 
Ppl can't afford the High Cost
Your Pocketing $ frm hard working #Americans
You have No legacy 
#Trump
Rolling up your sleeves to do more hard work for #WallStreet you're terrible.  Like @HillaryClinton you should shut up and go away #DemExit
Will u be taking Russian money or Saudis Arabia again
nice.
Mr. President, I hope your birthday is as special as You are. Thanks for the dignity that you brought to the Office. You are missed.
And 4 the millionth that's wat makes America great! Debates!
How many millions did Hillary and Bill make through the Clinton foundation?
Heard your speech today. You are an evil, lying, deflecting, anti-semitic, anti-zionist POS! Great for US you are gone! MAGA!!!
You have the "audacity" to be arrogant and condescending while being monumentally ignorant and foolish!

A diploma/credential does not mean someone has the knowledge/ability to create/implement change,Make sure u read each resume. Actionswords
Obama had 8 yrs to do this,he waits till it's worse than than ever in Chicago! NOW he wants to roll up his sleeves -blah blah false promise
Congratulations
BHO for prison 2017!!

Even Nixon didn't do 24/7 surveillance on his opponents , are you above the law BHO??
Just another one of your plans to turn us into a third world country!
God Bless USA & help us fight for our country & rid us of this plight.
More money for you to steal from the rest of us. no thanks
حسبي الله عليك
I wish with all of my heart that you could run again
So your back at trying to destroy our country Deep state socialist globalist like you never win in the end
I hope you're right.
Come on. Let's start by being friendly instead of war. It has its repercussions.
YOU ARE UN-AMERICAN!

Comey played with fire,

and got fired!…
Has The Democratic Party galvanized you to the point that you cannot help fellow Presidents, no matter what the Party Affiliation?
PLEASE WRITE SOMETHING ABOUT THIS CHAOS. WE NEED YOUR STRENGTH.
So you're going back to Chicago.... good.
Mr. Obama! I hope that you make sure that Jo Biden or Elizabeth Warren / Bernie Sander is running in 2020. If they don't, plz, run in 2020!
Another one of your brain washing facilities??
Let me guess free line of coke with admission.
@ChloeBennet4 MUST MUCH. My sweat heart It's soooo much wonderful to read and see this.

Yeah the disgrace of America & in debt Obama plz go away worst president ever
最長一個多月的盲人按摩公司，其他撐不到2週，最短半天，我自己也經營過公司怎麼會不知道當老闆的當面試官在想什麼，這些腦殘級的，全都是我申告，檢舉，軟禁，下毒謀殺我未遂，居富軍，馬曉龍，馬英九，陳旺彬，張朝國，陳俊廷，紀忠信，劉司懿，
good morning sir happy to meet you.
I for like  to speak will u sir oo am lucky from Nigeria Edo by d state sir
You mean "good Komradeship", you COMMIE! AFTER 8 YEARS I CAN BE PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN AGAIN!
*he white* *he human*
In my heart nobody can change the good you did for all as President of the United States.  I'm still rooting for you,  too.
Miss you so so much were all suffering from ptsd
YOUR RIGHT WE ARE IN A STRESS STATE ..
Roll up your sleeves tomorrow and help defend our democracy. This is beyond politics. All hands on deck.

NEW: @ObamaFoundation @BarackObama new @Spotify playlist. #NowPlaying

 https://open.spotify.com/user/obamafoundation/playlist/5OWcKGJMaJ1ulmQMIvqNz9 …
That's great. Can you help refund the schools that your buddy Rahm cut? I'm watching United Shades of America that makes some valid points!
Buy yourself a bullet proof vest first.
