
Even grumpy, old white guys (like me) love this family and will miss them.
Really ,how old are you snowflake? 80,90?  Smh
Malia Obama.has been crying. Barack Obama's emotional.Not Goodbye Gentleman.We always will with you. #Bangladesh #ObamaFarewell
no we need you to stay !! Trump is a traitor!
trump done. Lmao
ya might want to watch the news your boy got caught!!!!
watch idiot!!!!
Thank you so much for what you have done for me and my family
sorry to see you go you done a fine job in the time you had god bless you and your family
All the very best&Good luck to your #FarewellSpeech in Chicago!What a wonderful 8 years of remarkable legacies you've got!
such a privilege we've had...thank you #BarackObama
See ya bitch!
our beloved president Obama
ewwwww.
can u stay for president for 100 years plizz u are so cooool
tissues pleasethis one for the Gipper
Thank you for your service not only  for your country but the rest of the world. You have been a breath of fresh air. I'll
thank you for everything you and your wife have done for America
wished you could stop that pervert from being our President..it makes me sick to my stomach hope ya get to rally for us still.
Thank you! You've been one of the best US Presidents ever.
What's he done to deserve that?
Look @ the figures. GDP growth, # of jobs increase, the US respected & supported by world allies.
Are you serious? 1st prez to have under 3% GDP every year, 95 million Americans out of work. This is BHO's legacy
Interesting how wish ill-will upon America because you lost. You defined "leftist crybaby" perfect
Israeli Soldiers abuse & assault a disabled Palestinian and then shoot people who come to help him
The Best President Obama, and Lovely family. May life Lead you into more challenging things.
"progress" hahahahaha
What progress??
@realDonaldTrump  your legacy

ce n'est qu'1 au revoir 
Daje !
era ora che ti togliessi dalle balle
Really ???


god president. Can you come to Africa to bee president . Africa need president like you.

There is one SSN he's used that stands out from the others. It is the number 042-XX-XXXX that was issued out of the state of
the world is already missing you, God bless you and your lovely family.
Shoo, fly, you bother me!!!
.this is the one the state sent the letter and i'm still in court and this how you meet from maunal high schooling in raglan
you will be missed, period.  Thanks for getting my family back on our feet.
this ISN'T PROGRESS
Having healthcare is.  Do Trump's bankrupt companies that stiffed working class folks make you think progress?
ANY successful BILLIONAIRE has failed  AT SOME RISKS, BUT SUCCESSFUL ONES KEPT GOING. #obama never signed a paycheck
...He got huge savings on taxes for others losses, small companies that did work but took loss. He oversells..
he pays MILLIONS IN Property and Employee taxes.
Are you sure? I am sure his companies have been unable to avoid some taxes and have paid, but given $ billions.
because he took advantage of @HillaryClinton tax laws that SHE imposed for her wealthy Wallstreet  supporters.
Those laws were in place for decades through multiple presidential  admistrations...
COME BACK OBAMA I LOVE YOU SO MUCH IM HIGHKEY CRYING IN CLASS
2 more dayswe get a real leader who loves this country
When BO met with the Chinese leader, he bent so low his security guards and the Chinese leader thought he was tying his shoe. now that's progress.
Why did you stop tweeting November 5, 2016 to January 10, 2017?  Did you have a bad taste in your mouth after the election?  That's how defeat tastes.  Enjoy and get used to it...its goes down good with global warm water.
I was going to vote for Hillary until the day you said she was the most qualified ever, even over you. I was a democratic until that very second... and then it switched. Poof, Trump
Ry
as, a
Farewell address??????  Bye already!  Go!  See ya later alligator!  Sayonara!  Bon voyage!  Eight years of PROGRESS????  You're kidding, right? What other "Presidents" did this?  None?  Shoo!
Obama's like a piece of gum stuck to my shoe; I can't get it off!!!  Go away!!!

THANK YOU for eight years of service "Mr. President"!!!
Miss you Obama, every second of every day since you have been gone! We will make it though, I have great Hope!!!!
More like eight years of decline
Sos
We NEED your voice now more than ever. We need SOMEONE that will speak up.
cool
Should take one or two seconds!!!  What progress???  Dividing America is NOT progress!!!
lol

You were one of the best president ever
Uh. What did he do? Lol
Obama Make same sex marriage/ordered Schools kids to let the MaleTrangenders use the Girls Bathroom.What a Pig
Well that couldn't have taken more than a few minutes!
don't go :-(

Can't get any more fake than the two in this pic.
I see you've commuted the sentence of Oscar Lopez-Rivera,could you do the same for Rod Blagoveich,Mr.President?
President help my people from southern Cameroon...they are been jailed,kidnapped, killed by Pressident Paul biya of Republic.
#JusticeforJallikattu 
#BanPeta
omg I just cry everytime I think about you and the first lady leaving.. Love you guys
I TOLD BILL NO HILLARY ATTOUR FAMILY REUNION, SHE TOLD MANKIND SHE KNEW ALL THE SECRETS OF GOD, YOUR BEAST IS A UFO HILLARY
 one very professional passionate compassionate man. In our lifetime, the first black President. #obamafarwell
i  am the citizen of india  my name is mohammad saleem i run many charity programs at this time a poor girls marriege plz help
Thank you for the past 8 years and all the best for the future.
I hate you
what progress?
Pain in the Heart 
Today 
Unforgettable!
you are one of the best presidents  we ever had ..I cried when you left..but I am fired up and ready to fight to keep  ACA ...
Mr. President you are my hero and a fine example of what a President should be! Thank you for 8 years of service.
yeah that's why the country's divided, hate each other, there's violence on the streets.  Hope in Trump!!
This show may last 3 seconds ???
Having a minority lead the country means a lot to me. Enjoy yourself, Barack!
coulda shoulda gone for twelve, not to late too steal that Ball,,-_-,,
On 20 January, within government, we may now at last begin an honest discussion and assesment about the doctrine of Islam.

. U will always be my knight in shining armour. Love to u and Michelle. Will miss u deeply.
Thank you for 8 years with the best US-President I've ever seenPlease keep on fighting 4 the rights of every living creature 
FULL PARDON BARACK,, THEY DONT BELIEVE YET BUT SEEING IS BELIEVING
A damn great 8yrs. Only the haters don't want 2 acknowledge what President Obama did & was obstructed from doing more 4 America
One more pardon!!  Bruce Harrison . Let him go home to his grandchildren.  He's more deserving than Manning.

Thank  you. You are the Best President of the USA EVER.
come back!!!! 
cannabis healed my cancer. Please make it available. Train our doctors.
You will always be the World's President No matter who may be in the White House.

thank you for everything. You've made me feel safe over the past eight years. Your actions will not be forgotten

free political prisoner Leonard Peltier. Please, there are no credible witness surrounding his case 
Wishing you and your family have a great vacation.
No not progress for Americans but for muslim go back to Africa
Eight years of "progress"? Hm okay nice try
The former president sings his #farewellAddress..
(Yes. He. Did.)
Progress?  Really?
ur cool
Obama, un saluto.
You fought the good fight Thank you Mr. President...
hope you're having a good last day. Good luck in everything you do
I understand human as well ,they would get jealous,, I have a beast PROGRAMMER around me in a ufo
progress my a** more like 8 yrs of destruction. Thank god we finally have a real president. Trump will fix ur mistakes though
saludo presid desde venezuela 
Mr. President. Zeit E.S.zu begnadigen. Finden Sie nicht? Time E'S. to pardon, do not you?
God am I going to miss you. It's like the WH is being been drained of all its intelligence. Sad!
@realDonaldTrump @LindaSuhler,  Trial for murderer @BarackObama @federalreserve @POTUS
You are the best president of the world
i am not an american citizen though your speeches have given me hope to pursue greater things in life thankyou #ThankYouObamas
cont'd Unemployment numbers, also known as The Big Lie. Anyone who earned $20, or worked 1 hour (lol) was not deemed unemployed
Mr President. Please decriminalize marijuana. You have two days to make it right!
Family reunion, I WANT TO SEE @JessicaSimpson
goodbye dictator
Progress--you underhandedly took the most advanced healthcare system in the world and turned it into a 3rd world banana republic HMO.
pardon Hilary
progress? Thugs
I miss you and your wonderful family already. Bless you for your outstanding leadership through chaos.
please sing amazing grace again that was so cool
8 years of un American bullshit! Take a hike!!
come baaaack we need you 
Do you have plan to be a basketball coach ?
great job Mr President 
Thank you
I want a diclosure of UFO intelligence, alien life before u leave office.
Our hearts are heavy w/t state of our nation, many of us look back in remembrance, nostalgia, a little despair; but your message reminds /2
Us that we absolutely MUST grit our teeth, square our shoulders, and LOOK FORWARD, to a better future, and for that we all have to put in /3
Thank you so much President Obama for liberating our Oscar López Rivera  God Bless You 
THANK YOU OBAMA #ThankYouObama
you were the one who had the greatest personality in US president history, which will be to be told for good, be back someday.
Communism & Islam don't belong here...you freed 1,715 criminals including terrorists from GITMO...your legacy is over! Get lost
great
you're welcome for this vacation paid for by the people glad to see you go
دوران ریاست جمهوری شمابرای طبقه کم درامدومتوسط خیلی پرباربودکه ترامپ انرابرعکس خواهدکرد
gag I just threw up in my mouth!
A president can resign, a true leader: no. Still following.
have fun now. We love u. You can be effective on the outside too!
Will be missing u all. U and ur wife did an amazing job.God Bless
as always it was eloquent and resonated.
your done, you suck and your old lady is a dude! #sukit
I am really going to miss you, Michelle and the kids. Please keep in touch.
Stay with us & Good luck!
progress? Lol you are a joke
Barack Obama I Love you Dear you have Excellent performance in the world Shahzad Khan Pakistan
progress????
what progress?  The only progress you made was in making America weaker and enemies stronger....TREASON! Tried to destroy us!
good to see you go. Please take your ideology with you and ruin things else where so it won't do as much harm disappointed in u
Could @BearGrylls meet @realDonaldTrump like @BarackObama & just leave him in the Wilderness? @Channel4 #justsaying
Thanks for sharing your journey with us as our Commander-In-Chief.  Well done! God bless you.
I love you 
8 years of failure
Great press conference you gave today, responsibility of the press, voter fraud, Russia, Israel, LBGT, and HOPE. Will miss U
Thank you!
You mean 8 years of bombing and destruction ?
@U2  how many times you think its been built,hmm evil men buy into it, I HAVE ANGELS IN HELL THAT PREFER IT, LIKE JOSHUA
Visit my blog.Please
…http://desdesevillaalospicosdeeuropa.blogspot.com.es 
You commuted Chelsea manning prison sentence  & r proud of it! The PEOPLE that were KILLED or harmed r not proud of you!
Obama Legacy R. I. P. (Ruled In Peace, Remain In Prayer, Respect In Perpetuity, Royalty In Perpetuity)
