miss u already!!
Thank u & we miss u already!
you are my secret crush God bless you and your beautiful family you will be truly missed
We will miss the Obama family. How about Mrs Obama for the president?
COME BACK!
We truly miss you. Are you back yet????
You can send letters to the president?! I didn't know that! Look out, Donald.
every bady will like it.
Sir, you and Mrs Obama are an influence for good in our world and our world needs you. Please revisit us in the UK very soon.
miss you sir
COME BACK DAD
you not being in office maybe will stop black people from being murdered by cops
. @BarackObama We love you Sir !
Whole Fucking World Does.

you don't see the knife Barack has at Lady Liberty's back
lets hang out and listen to some records sometime
Take care. Be well. 
can you please explain to us what is happening with our government?
our president can't even spell honored. What am I supposed to do!!!
you're still my President.
This is all I have to say.... come back
we need a do over, some of the American people made a mistake.. we went from u, a man of class & integrity to this.. SO SAD!!!!
love you so much 
You are amazing!

We miss your grace, passion, and patriotism.
can Trump read?
haha
miss you already in Kansas
hope you stick around.
hi ex president you are the most impressive world leader we r miss u always I am indian but I miss you
you up?
What you've given us no one can take away. Best wishes and success to you and your family, you will be missed!
Worst president ever and still won't stop.
Because you're a wonderful person, a great leader and the best role model.  May God bless you, beautiful Michelle & children.
Mr. Barack Obama is awesome. We all love him. @iMariaJohnsen @BarackObama
We don't care about #idiotTrump & his dogs commenting BS. Mr Obama is loved among all #people @norskseo1 @iMariaJohnsen @BarackObama
I wish you were loved by all. I think the election of Trump in part is a racist backlash.
you would put the blame on racism. Try making yourself a better person instead.
. @stromeDome #dont disagree with the fact because u r white.
-I'm black & think Obama was a horrible president.
@FloridaJanet13 @JordanUhl @Maggyw519 @tonyposnanski @shl
Out of the mouths of babes.
Well, the musings & writings.
@ClaireB20164206 @58isthenew40 @lleuer8 @Maggyw519

Read the whole story of my daughter's note:

Link http://webfashioner.com/politics/eventsrecord.asp?id=23 …
Your daughter is amazing.. good job mom & dad.
We adopted her when she was 6 mnths old. She calls me Grandpa
having a good heart makes such a difference
having a heart period! Makes a difference! #ditchthedon
Thank you @ClaireB20164206 4 the kind words
We adopted 2 over the past 9 years.
THEY both made my heart swell.
absolutely gorgeous 
we love  both of you sir !!!!

after becoming president still Trump looks sad what's wrong with him
Because he has to wake up every morning knowing he will never be Barack!
yep
obama's shoes aren't big enough, or good enough for Donald trump.
false your Potus  is a fascist a monster
Speaking of worst president...




Thank goodness you liked to read! Not so much with 45 unfortunately. 
I'm 70, retired, white, middle-class, some would say a quintessential Trump fan. Wrong, I consider U best POTUS in my lifetime
@ShowTime_32 @BarackObama I'm 55 white semi-retired atty and consider him slightly better than carter...agree to disagree
If you can't see that anything Obama wanted to do they wanted to block then I think your not being
and some of what he wanted were not good ideas
He came in with the worse economic state of all time. You notice that's not a issue for Trump? Also unemployment is down!
they measure unemployment differently...more are unemployed now than in '09
Ok have a good day.
you could still use 1 more pitcher...
.
Love and the family Bro. Enjoy your life. Job well done.


Yeah right, you don’t know how to read
At least you can read, write and speak without making up words nobody understands. .jeez, I miss you.
cool

Halo pak Obama apa kabar

Boo go away! You failed. Here comes Trump!
(1) @BarackObama @nytimes 2015, I sent an email & never expected to hear back, I was venting bc Obamacare replaced state insurance that...
(2) @BarackObama @nytimes was available year round to enroll but Obamacare was only available at open enrollment so I had to wait 6mo for
(5) @BarackObama @nytimes Now, I am writing to thank you & take back/apologize for negative email in 2015. I have Obamacare &  it. Thanks!
My husband was laid off last year; if not for Obamacare, we would be bankrupt or worse.
Why is @BarackObama sucking up to @richardbranson so hard? Allowing him to post awful Virgin branded vid
Maybe they're just friends, why make a big deal out of a really fun vacation?
Nimrod is an appropriate name for him 
@paul20011965 respect gor a good housefather christian and presedent like you
please free internet and phoning on my lebara.nl provider on my nokia n 5310 I telephone on nokia n 5310 I
Hi Paul,

Please send us a direct message with your query.

Regards
Rooman
Please send us a direct message with your query,so that we can help you better.
Regards,
Lijo.
wil graag gratis internet enbellen op mijn nokia n 5310 I
Via lebara.nl provider
tel.nr. lebara.nl +31613108087
@mystcole @nytimes if every lawyer got together could they come up with strategy to remove trump?
We must focus on regaining control for midterms at every level, from city to the house and senate.
he was at our mall when jfk eagles got a celebration for winning state championship.
Good Riddance! Good luck?
Was so nice having a president who could actually get stuff done and wasn't in gridlock with his own party... #Impeach45 #ImprisonTrump
Bring what? The end of the GOP?419 congressmen (mostly republican) voted to limit his power today b/c he's 2 stupid & senile 2 be trusted.
So good to see pictures of you enjoying life!! But geeze, we miss you beyond words. So much love & respect for you.
both traitors and liars. IN TRUMP WE TRUST. We're on to you obummer with you're little Osama bin laden bunker in DC.
If u wanna hear, I can say: I didn't saw anyone more dirty than u!! your government was the worst in the modern history.
please come back....
we miss you!!!!!!
You were great at creating no HOPE and you can keep the CHANGE! If you know what I mean.
BURNING BUSH FAMILY
it was so oooo nice to see you leave the 21...made America great again!!
It feels like we exist in a different world now! I keep thinking I will wake up and find you in the @WhiteHouse
prob means little from UK res but u should be so proud of your presidency and as scared of the new POTUS as every sane human.
where are you? We need you!!
Dear @BarackObama , you are missed.
Your nation misses your inspiration,vision, intelligence, class, and especially your leadership right now.
Dear Mr. President, my hubby & I MISS YOU & Mrs. Obama.  We love you both'
Hillo sir Jo vi karo pavitra aatma se karo mann Jaise dushit vabana ke bahkabe me mat paro Writer Balramsony @BarackObama @nytimes
Hillo sir i u big fens  satya bolne se aatma pavitra hota h aur mann ko shanti milti h  Writer Balramsony@BarackObama
Awestruck and inspired by you & the team you built. Best wishes from Mx for a long and impactful post-presidency!
Read this
you were the best
we are Canadian and we miss you!  Have fun on vacation
I miss you Dad
You weren't my president but by God what I miss You!!
S O S
toi pas lire lettre toi lire date toi encore trompe'
hello
we miss you as a president  of  the usa
Come on back please !!! We need your help Mama & PaPaBama

February 14
Shocking : Kim Jong- Nam’s brother assassinated by a spy
http://www.libertyfighters.uk/world/shocking-kim-jong-nams-brother-assassinated-by-a-spy/ ……
Thank you for 8 years of incredible change!  With you, we have had the best President ever!
from Barack Obama to Trump?  POOR America. Such a deep fall from grace. Mr Obama the world economy thanks you.
, @MichelleObama I miss you!
hello
This was such an incredible, sad and yet powerful story. Thank you for listening and caring for us these last 8 years.
2020 please Barack #missyou   greetz from The Netherlands
Buna dur demeliyim! Hayatım tehlikede! + ömrüm çürüyor! +sabrım tahamülüm yok~ eğri oturup doğru konuşmak gerek.
Trump is just another Obama just so stupid to conceal his evil side ,i like to go for trump ,atleast nit phony
Congratulations Barack, hardly a break in your routine. Continuing to do what you do best...vacation, vacation & more vacation
after your vacation can yo help us save our democracy- I mean get some golf in too- you earned it. But we are struggling here
I miss your leadership!!
Did @MichelleObama get the same volume of letters?  Were they similar to ones you got?
we need a MAN,who we all love. Uncle Joe is my pick for president. He needs to come to Tulsa and cus up a storm. Sasha Malia u
I don't know why But I think you are very approachable.
lprick
sure miss integrity in the white house. Right or wrong decisions, I still knew you cared and we're doing it for us
our new president doesn't read Sad
Sir, you read them? Nice. Responded? Great! Why not telling people the TRUTH that your responses had NO PRACTICAL VALUE and served only you?
We miss you. So much!
you were a respectful president always we miss u here in mexico too
the legacy u left for #Americans is #GaysLesbianism #Abortion and stupidity
We miss you so damn much !  
Sir, you are needed back at the white house before Putin asks more of his trump administration to step down
Where are you?
enjoy your vaca hitting those waves. No worries about america we will be ok. Our core values will overcome hate & ignorance
Sir. how can we keep allowing the Republicans to distort the Democratic Party. Drumpf re-opened the doors of racism.
I proudly hold you up to my kids and grandkids as a model human and model man. Happy Presidents Day.
Please tell us you handed Trump fake nuclear codes?
hey  you. Not impressed that your hanging with an art thief. Mosquito island hey? Dont get bitten.by the zombie fly.
Barry will u please go Bulworth now????
http://ln.is/washingtonpost.com/wqFbo …
I miss you...I'm Canadian!
please come back, we need you
It takes a soul to build, yet, an empty ego to destroy! See Obama vs. Trump. We love you and your family, President Obama! 
Thes seivf the woerd
We are talking 2600 dollars A MONTH! you did that to us out here and you wonder why we REPUDIATE ALL YOU STAND FOR! its UNAMERICAN!
Thank you for always serving the people 
BTW, President Donald J Trump is our President & so far has done more than you've done in 8 yrs FOR the American People.
Thank you for everything you've done. Best Pres of my lifetime! :) Thank you for the gay rights...
why can't you just fade away! You have done enough damage- go back to your vacation  & stay there!
are you still on vacation?
At least you CAN read, Barry. Miss you, bro
Happy Presidents Day Mr. President!
You are a CHARLATAN. I voted for you. Your lofty speeches promised Americans racial progress, you delivered racial chaos.
I have witness a brilliant Black Man with all the things such as Heart, Grace Intelligence that God intended a Man to Be. BHO
MAGA
I think it's despicable the way Trump maligns you after you've been so gracious to him.
TRAITOR TRAITOR
Ur legacy! The great destroyer & divider, just doing it behind thee scenes now! Haven't u done enough damage?
Don't you mean Trump?
Obama had office for 8 years, Trump havent even got his full cabinet yet. Thats just stupid.
If you can elaborate on how that's stupid, I am all ears.
Youre obviously to numb to understand, If you dont already.
Trumps already done 8 years of damage in under 1 year.
Where do we send letters now? I'm joined and donated to the foundation. Is there a physical address?
You were never fir we the people you were taught by the most corrupt heartless person Hilary and followed well in her footsteps now it'sover
We love you
<3 <3 <3
should have spent more time doing your job
Please fade away, you've done enough damage to this country!
can you love America? Not sure you do. Anarchy is fatal to societies. I supported you but not now.
your legacy is donald trump! Your a clown!
you never wrote back but I can hear u in my head. ( :
.@barackobama I am so tired of @realDonaldTrump messing up & then finding a way to mix you up in it or blame you. #DefendYourself
I miss you!  America misses you!
Ridiculous that I teared up just reading this message, but that's how frightened and desperate most of us are feeling.
Love and miss you Sir!  Great Respect. 
