Respectfully differing with @BarackObama so out on a limb here, but I have a gut feeling my @TAMU @aggiembk #Aggies are going the distance @marchmadness. #GigEm 

Millions of Americans are not wrong, Donald Trump will always be our choice!

@potus @realDonaldTrump 







Trump feels left out and wants to pick the next McDonald’s restaurant.
Actually, I think he’s changed his mind and wants to eat steak with ketchup in his golf cart.
Next to Stormy Daniels.
and his daughter.
He does like to run his own bracket pool.
Your trying way too hard to be funny dude
This is awesome @BarackObama and @GeorgeHWBush. Thanks for making this fun again.  #GoZags
I miss REAL Presidents!  You know, ones who were smart, true patriots.... didn't call people names, make stuff up, lie, take credit for everything.
You don’t get it either. Yikes. Obama, smart?
I don't "get it"? And your credentials for judging me are.....?  Dare to compare Curriculum Vitaes?
You're assuming TL knows what  a CV is.
Right ....hard to understand Barack Hussain Obama's CV reads as follows:

1. Community Organizer 
2. Absent IL Senator voting present 70% of the time
3. Divisive POTUS for 8 years
4. Deep State CEO from Nov 2016 to present

Not difficult at all!
#ObamagateSpyingScandal
I would love to see 45's bracket.
What you want to see him predict KFC will win March Madness?
Wow I miss having a president that would disagree with another and not call them “Crooked” or “Lying”.
Trump has united one group of people...all the ex Presidents...in opposition to him.
And all the Democrats are United against him as well and independents and I guess some good Republicans are switching to Democrat as interviewed before the PA election
Most good conservative  republicans are switching to unaffiliated or Independent.
There is good republicans but the elected ones have given the whole party the worst name possible.
Wow don’t you miss Presidents that wasn’t insane?
Well Well. Barack what do we have here.
Go Barack
Ah, remembering when things were normal.
I'm using your real estate Mr. Obama. 

This needs serious attention  Father of two (Type A+) desperately needs a kidney. We mutually follow each other and have opposite views but this is not about that. He needs a donor. Please RT/ the below Tweet
I need help getting the word out. I've been on dialysis 11 years & running out of time. I need people who can get tested for a transplant. Even if your not a match for me, if you donate on my behalf, I will jump to the top of the…
Here are some other recent Tweets where someone is also looking for a kidney. Pasco County, Florida. Type O
saw this car- please boost.
it reads:
DAUGHTER NEEDS A KIDNEY
TYPE O BLOOD…
Texas. Type O+
PLEASE READ:In April 2016 my Dad was diagnosed with kidney failure& he has been in and out of the hospital since. He is currently at 7% kidney function and is not getting any better. I would like to ask anyone willing…
Devin Foster
Best friends Devin Foster and Jabari Parker leaned on each other through health struggles this past year.

Parker is back on the court with the Milwaukee…
Again, I don't want this to be about politics, if you don't like me for being a Trump supporter that's cool, but he needs help and doesn't have the same presence big accounts do for exposure. Thank you to anyone who can help.
I need help getting the word out. I've been on dialysis 11 years & running out of time. I need people who can get tested for a transplant. Even if your not a match for me, if you donate on my behalf, I will jump to the top of the…
You keep signing off twitter for “research” but you never actually leave.
um ...hello, we're still here.. waiting. 

and your march madness has nothing on our 2017-2018 insanity.
This is so fun!

This is awesome.  Party lines don’t stop friendly competition.
Civility isn't dead, as long as Trump isn't involved.
Okay this is cute you guys. I'm glad your having fun but it feels like the world is coming to an end and you two ex presidents are playing with your doodle boards.
It is not the job of past presidents to save us from present presidents.  It is the voters job and we will right this wrong in 2020.
It's the job of all Americans to speak up against corruption and abuse of power. Not just the masses.
Former presidents are careful to not speak out against the current occupant of the office. I respect the fact that they thus far have not lowered themselves to the current POTUS’s level. Not that I don’t think he deserves to be lambasted by them. He does!
Hahaha y’all so cute sending your coded messages!
REAL Presidential banter! Miss U 44 too much for mere words!
The way these former presidents communicate with each other... it’s so... presidential. #Remember
Everything I’ve read has said that the Bushs and Obamas get along really well when there’s no press around too. Which honestly makes my heart happy.
Kinda refreshing to see two great POTUSs from opposite parties getting along like this 
I know ( and care) nothing about football but the mutual respect and cordiality in this interaction, compared to you know who’s typical manner of speaking, made me smile.
It's obvious, since March madness is about basketball.  But I agree with your other statement.
. I clearly missed that 
Love it!
Look at all these ex-presidents, tweeting away ... from "the home".  Aren't they cute ?

(Are they laughing ?  If not, show them a picture of 45.)

[ Inspired by Rickles ]
Awww yissss. Giggity gig em. 
It is astonishing how a bit of normalcy and civility restores hope. Made my day.
 Cala d'Hort, Ibiza island, Spain 
Loving the Presidential bants between two actual Presidents...
Hey @BarackObama let’s get Joe ready for 2020.  I can’t wait for all of the Trump policies to be reversed!!!! Btw you would make a great VP!!!
I wouldn't mind being a campaigner. #HireMePlease
I too remember the days when our presidents had loyalty to the home team.
Volte a comandar os estados unidos da América urgente,pela paz no mundo.
I like that he’s as goofy for Miami as I am. Can’t trust the Canes. 
This is so cool.
Bravoooo
I don't even follow basketball and yet I'm excited about this back and forth between our Presidents. #Respect
#Respect #class 45 should take notes!
“loyalty to the home team”

love it.  #presidential
I love how we listen to GWB and smile these days. Because we've all witnessed hell.

Nice banter... above board not personal and makes everyone share a smile...nice
Super
Ball’s in your court, 42 @BillClinton
Love the banter between two, respectful, intelligent and compassionate icons of our country.  @BarackObama and @GeorgeHWBush 

Awesome!
Hah I love this.  Civilized people acting normal.
Please come back. 
Refreshing somehow.
Respect...  I dig it gentlemen!    Could either of you fine Presidents ,(possibly a 3 way call) call or just drop by your ol digs, and teach a crash course on presidency, class, and how to be a man to 45?     Thaaanks
Have you seen @PhizLair’s?
Ha! Perfect.
Can’t wait to see 45 on this thread from a prison asking about the cheerleaders!
@YouBetchaBagley why did this just make my morning??
Cause Obama is the GOAT
Also: can those of you living presidents please take a collective stand against what is happening to us? Write a resolution? Something? Please?
So much respect for this Pres!
39, 41, 42, 43 and 44 - please make a group stance against 45. That’s what matters most. His BS needs to be called out.
Did you guys have Texas Tech over Stephen A Austin?  #MarchMadness
Gig’em! @GeorgeHWBush
Biggest thing you’ve taught me is optimism in the face of challenges! You’ve shown this in your presidency and just generally! You are a true great sir!
I so love that 44 is tweeting to 41. I want to cry.
Same. It’s a beautiful and refreshing thing to see. We’re all so happy to see this unity and respect between former presidents, because that’s how leaders *should* behave. It’s wonderful. I miss it.
Me, too. And I miss hearing you on Stephanie Miller! But it seems that things are good for you, so I hope that all is well. xo
Thank you! I’m so happy at HLN/CNN. I’m doing well and I hope you are too! All the best to you! 
So good to hear. :) xo
A true unifier!
Thanks for being the most classy dignified potus ever!
Boy, I miss both of you guys. Glad you both are doing well. It is always refreshing to hear what a respectful president sounds like!!!
It just makes me happy to see these two former presidents of different “stripes” engaging in friendly banter. Just like friends. Like normal people.
A truly great man in so many ways!
I absolutely love the respectful tone. When will this ever come back to American politics?
So far I’m pulling with you except for BAMA! I’m a Bama girl! Roll Tide! President Obama! We sure miss YOU!!!
Former president showdown
I love the relationship you & your families have.

@BarackObama @UHCougarMBK Don’t know about the “home team” business. The guy lives in Houston but I don’t see any sign of support there. None. Put his damn library in College Station. Ever been to College Station?
agree.
https://twitter.com/KTHopkins/status/975342356949094400 … please help stop this global racist..this is an insult to Black people ..#WhiteSupremacist
Meghan Markle will be preggers faster than an 11yr old white girl in #Telford

Meghan Markle will be preggers faster than an 11yr old white girl in #Telford
Ahhh those were the days 
Awww maaan I miss real presidents
Trump fucking up so bad Barack and Bush best friends now lmao
So refreshing to see intelligent grown men who differed in their approaches but can still joke with each other. I miss what we used to have.

We miss you so much it hurts
Who do you think is gonna be fired or go to jail next?

I think you and Hillary will make it to the final 4
I don’t want to say 45 will lose, but he has pulled state funding for losers UCLA and replaced them with Trump University.
Tbh pretty disappointed he didn’t fill out a bracket, I was really looking forward to the tweets about how Trump U - a great school, tremendous basketball team - was unfairly excluded in favor of all these liberal elite institutions. 
I'm not saying it's cheating, but the new Trump U point guard seems to be deflating the balls so that they release a little more to his liking...
Hey now. Don’t drag Tom into this. 
Happy Birthday to my mini me 
Come back. Biden/Obama 2020.
I miss you so much
41 and 44 - two presidents who have always put America First, but have not thought it is or should be America Alone. Refreshingly patriotic. 
Remember what normal presidents were like?
Kill baby
#Afrin
 #BreakSilenceOnAfrin


@GeorgeHWBush Two words, Gentleman... #GoDuke

His physical challenges notwithstanding, Prof #StephenHawking was the celebrity face of modern physics. A torchbearer for logic, reason and scientific temper, the professor left an indelible mark on our…
Come on W, you know better then to bet with your heart
I love this!
Oh you two!!!! 

It's so nice to see a R & D enjoying a little healthy competition! @GHWBush. You both made me smile today. Thanks @marchmadness
Errrrrk
FU! #Fraud44 Kiss My Americana A** 
We Are Loyal To #Trump45 #MAGA #KAG
Miss you fam
OMG YOU TWO ARE KILLING US. We miss sanity.
United States grants shield to terrorists in Libya

#ذكرى_غزو_ليبيا_19_3

I prefer the Obama bracket. Go green, go white!
Sorry about your bracket bro, and by bro I mean my forever President.
Presidential Odds and Scores, twitter #marchmadness
https://play.google.com/apps/publish/?account=6495914935934404059#AppDashboardPlace:p=com.gilmanlabs.sports.budsalley.sportslines~4976285367716457170 …
This is pretty cool actually
President Obama, you will always make me & so many Americans proud. Americans like you are what give us hope as we endure this current travesty of our values and democracy and look ahead to a future beyond this very dark, dangerous and disgraceful period of our history. #resist
I want you to run as Vice President of 2020 President election with Biden!!

Friendly competition among presidents gives me hope.


The world is silent ...
#BreakSilenceOnAfrin
@Akalhor3 @BarackObama @realDonaldTrump Stop killing children in #Afrin
This bracket is trash
it was good until nova lost
I like those guys.
Can you explain how you preached, not long ago, about immigration & all the illegals & it sounds a lot like our current president? Essentially, you agree with Trump. Were u lying then? Or are u lying now? Or lying then and now? Or ... you always lie.
Wow. Throwback to when Senator Barack Obama agreed with @realDonaldTrump on immigration! RT this so your friends see this! 
These are the types of tweets that I like to see from the Presidents...Trump could learn a few things! Class act, gentlemen!!
The example of bipartisan compromise the world needs right now
How presidents used to be.
Miss you both sooooo much!!!
#respectthecuse #wemissyousomuch
Loyalty to the home team?  That why you gave the mullahs all that cash?
Yes! I love the friendly competition of our former POTUSes Poti?
I rlly adore you.... please come back

WHOLESOME
He took the higher seed in every round of 64 match 
Oh my gosh. Two presidents, from two different political spectrums, engaging in good natured civil discourse.  Wtf has happened to this country?
This is cool...two ex-POTUS from different political parties can get along without calling each other names or degrading each other. I bet everyone, except a few, miss these guys now
It is so refreshing to see two former Presidents, who respect each other and some friendly competition. No name calling either. 
#MarchMadness2018 
#Respect
Reading the playful, respectful, light, good humored banter between @BarackObama and @GeorgeHWBush warms my soul. How I ache for a respectful potus. Those Were The Good Old Days 
Let’s see your bracket!  (#Wahoowa )
So refreshing to see #44 President Obama and #41 President George H.W. Bush playfully sparring with each other!
Keep up the levity. We need it.

Is your buddy Farrakhan helping you with your picks?
I love the comradery between #PresidentBush41 #Presidentbush43 and #PresidentObama44
So can you & @GeorgeHWBush please step up and help us FLUSH the traitor & his filthy spawn & cronies out of our White House? 

I've heard you're involved but we need an INTERVENTION. ;-)
Ah, civility. So refreshing. You have been missed! @GeorgeHWBush @BarackObama
Please some one tell him only Obama can sport those shorts and shades!!!
I miss you BOTH so much now.
I miss you.  You said we were going to be alright but I don't think we are.
You mean Kenya?
It's pretty cool to see #41 and #44 respectfully interact!
Wich home are you talking about Barry, because we know that America was never your home. Look out because Comey will testify against Hillary and Hillary will testify against you. And you are the one America wants to pay for the crime's on America the most. Your time is coming.
#BreakSilenceOnAfrin.
 #BreakSilenceOnAfrin.
 #BreakSilenceOnAfrin.
#BreakSilenceOnAfrin.
 #BreakSilenceOnAfrin.
 #BreakSilenceOnAfrin.
#BreakSilenceOnAfrin.
 #BreakSilenceOnAfrin.
 #BreakSilenceOnAfrin.
#BreakSilenceOnAfrin.
 #BreakSilenceOnAfrin.
 #BreakSilenceOnAfrin.
At the risk of repeating myself Mr Presidents....GONZAGA WINS AGAIN.
Let’s get one thing straight! Michigan State is NOT Mich.  Fix your brackets please! And while we love the Aggies, GO GREEN!
Please tell me you named your bracket “baracket o’balla”
Is that the dude from Black Panther
Haha, nice
Now that’s civility!
210k likes for a comment on a little b-ball.  Thats more than trumps ever gotten for his hate filled tweets
This makes me smile  today, thank you! 
44ever 
Such a great family!
Can’t people just give it a rest and let them talk about basketball?
Does anyone else find former presidents march madness adorable or is it just me?
Respect you as you where a elected president and head of state Mr President Obama
when free speech in a country is blocked not only does it becomes dark  place and also a 1984 state ... History allows us to remember
#neverforget
It seems like 41 might have been onto something 44. #MarchMadness #SecondRound #TexasA&M #GigEm #Aggies
https://www.facebook.com/groups/738793346508316/permalink/739160396471611/ …
@GeorgeHWBush @BarackObama That home team pick is looking pretty good! 
Loyalty used to be something we could count on from our Commanders in Chief. And civility, and an understanding of the constitution, and law-making, and diplomacy, and coherent speech..
Sadly, 41 did not pick @LoyolaChicago #Ramblers. #hoopdreams
Lock him up! Obama thank you for being so classy and when Trump gets prison he should have to read "All the Presidents men"Nixon is rolling over in his grave saying Whaaaat?! He was bad but Trump takes the cake!
Hello Mr Obama. My name is Yamato. I'm Japanese a boy
Nice to meet you.
Could you tell me how to speak English? So....Ok?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvK-ze8_0CU … This is video of BO's Vice President Joe Biden clearly groping a young girl as she reflexively pulls away--Begin watching at the 2 minute mark--Biden is known for this--Everyone in DC knows about it--Including BO (Obama)
Thanks @BarackObama But George W  and @JennaBushHager your Dad has gotten this wrong.  UK will be in the Elite 8 maybe further.
#GigEm #12thMan #Aggies #Aggiehoops
You always stood strong for America!
I'ma just drop in with a Roll Tide! (no matter how unlikely) And an OH LORDY, 44, I wish you were still there to host my National Champion Tide football team again this year!
Besos
PLEASE COME BACK, @BarackObama
Hello. Sometimes you want to hear only one to Obama's. That of net Trump favorite?

Never got to know him that much but the little I just knew today made my day. RIP #StephenHawking 
Beautiful people always tell on themselves the fact you had Susan Rice send herself an email that you wanted everything done by the book and the fact you say your administration and buddies where without scandal tells us how crooked you all are just turn it around for the TRUTH
I wish the President and his family happy Easter may God always bless
Classic competition between two real presidents.
I’m sorry Barak but neither of those are NUMBERWANG
@EPlezia here’s a shout out to the Aggies and two former presidents that make America proud.
Love the comradery! Where is 45's bracket? Oh that's right,  it's way too risky. He is never wrong.
I like this,too!!!!
Shall we talking this?
I like the friendly banter of you two. Way to keep it classy!!

@POTUS Ya you aint’t part of the club.  how to tweet with class.
check my song Freedom Fightets,featuring Barack Obama & Bunny Brissett on Utube. Total respect
I miss having Presidents who were sane...
I love that even on trivial things like this, Obama gets 3 - 4 times the likes that serious tweets from cheeto-face gets
Interesting you find the need to put citizen in your bio...hmm!
