
Very heartwarming message. 
We are all embraced by historical heroes in the sky. 

RIP
President Obama: Always thoughtful, kind and in touch, in other words... a human being. Any word from 45?
Come back.
Me: Obama or Hawking
Adam: Both
Me: Thought so.

Me: I did nazi that coming.
Adam: Donald Trump is...
Me: Yeah... I know. T_T
Nazi jokes are always great, Anne Frankley I could listen to them all day.
That's just not reich...
Oh sure it is, I’ll even bet you. Let’s say, $6,000,000?
I'm sure that concentration of funds would be the final solution to all your problems, but it would cause quiet a furher. Some people might feel gas-lighted, but after a while you just get burnt out. I probably should put a gestappo to this, I feel horrible. XD
come back to the white house pleaseeee
he would give you so much shit for saying he’s in the stars
Thank you President Obama for your thoughtful and touching farewell.
Best actor in the world.
.I live in a lot of fun,
but I miss you a lot here..
So Touching!
DEP #StephenHawking


It's nothing short of miracle that he lived this long
he is flying free
You ruined @netflix for me now. No more membership. Go away.
“Life would be tragic if it weren’t funny” R.I.P. to the incredible Dr. Steven Hawkins
PLEASE COME BACK! ! !
Barack I love you
GAHBLESS 
You are still the man!
@elonmusk I think we all know what's going up next
LMFAO... WORST Pres ever. He sold us out. Sold our secrets to enemies, opened boarder, gave billions to our enemies. Weaponized his administration. You need to start researching, Gitmo will be his new home.
Sandra, stop talking please. I don't kniw if I can...oh god...
Have critical thinking and research.. yeah
. you are probably right...
he belived in nothing after physical death as I recall.. Basically, he's non-existent now and not among the stars :) Just sayin'
RIP Mr. Hawking.
Remembering~ #FirstClass
It is lovely to see that President Barack Obama & First Lady Michelle Obama are held in such high regard! 
#StillMyPresidentObama #StillMyFirstLadyMichelle 
.@POTUS44 
.@MichelleObama
God I love this picture
My damn eyes are leaking.
amongst*
RIP
RIP Stephen Hawking the world has lost a great man fly with the angels
Beautiful.

Nice
*windows xp sound*
Meanwhile, no mention of Hawking's passing from Trump, who HAS taken the time to thank @FoxNews today for hosting some lame tax reform roundtable.
I bet he believes in god now.
He always had you spiteful bible humping nutzoid
He didn't believe in that.
About what? The stars?
In anything beyond this life
But Obama don’t lie. He will become where was belong: like the stardust
Even if his mortal remains are somehow sent into space, I still don't understand how can be fun if there were no conscience after death.
Spoken like a true gentleman. Don't expect a word from Chump - he's way out of Hawking's league

For your sake, I’m hoping I’m wrong about Hell. 

Sadly, I don’t believe I am.
Cool
My nephew will love that I took a screen shot. He’s in the GATE program when I picked up the kids in Wed they were devastated over the loss of Stephen Hawking.
So often our @POTUS44 knows precisely the right words to say to give us comfort and hope. Dear Lord, I miss my President.
Your on the wrong side of God. Obama is the antichrist you will see soon enough. Do your research : New World Order......

cool...
https://youtu.be/bArx5B6m6ks 
watch this video about US flag in the moon. Is it disappear?
我是愿意上去看看的，可惜没有工具
Stephen Hawking's words of wisdom on Donald Trump

"By denying the evidence for climate change, and pulling out of the Paris Climate Agreement, Donald Trump will cause avoidable environmental damage to our beautiful planet, endangering the natural world, for us and our children."
Stephen Hawking is and was an inspiration to us all.  Everyone should listen to his words, and cherish what he told us.  Brilliant men say brilliant things!
Hawking believed nonsense that was unscientific
La mort d'un pilier pour les présidents africains corrompus,Bolloré mise en examens par la justice française.kabila dégage
@BarackObama
I love you
He was just flesh and blood like any other man. He had a brilliant mind but a body that had betrayed him. He didn’t believe in God and when he died he took nothing with him. I would rather believe in God and be right than to not believe in God and be wrong.
هردوتونو دوس دارم
is bery god obama
Obama #1
You care NOW? A little late. So GREAT to have a President now who doesn’t apologize for AMERICA but who puts AMERICA FIRST. I am still trying to figure out what you did for this country in 8 yrs but you sure have indoctrinated the media. MAGA AND KAG
오바마 전 미 대통령 말~!! 멋지네요~!!
우리 함께 지낸 지 두 해 다가와
네 모습을 보여 주었다
잎새 사이에서 아무도 모르게
수-욱 올라와 어느날 이른 아침
조용한 얼굴로 방안 가득 채우는
너의 향기여!
하나님.주님을 필요로 하는
사람들을 멀리 하지않고 그들
가까이 우리의 발걸음을 인도해 주소서. 그리고 그들을 만날 때
하나님의 뜻하시는 대로 우리의
말과 행동을 이끌어 주소서.
ப்ரோ உங்க பக்கத்துல நிக்கிற பொண்ணு பேர் என்ன 
பொண்ணா.. அதுசரி பாத்ரூம்ல மொபைலுக்கு என்ன வேல?
ஹா ஹா அண்ணா 
what those guys said
என்னடா வாக்குமூலம் குடுத்துட்ருக்க 
Bro now he said, you are a funny guy. Block him
@JanSiery டேய் சோடாபுட்டி ஆம்பளையாருந்தா ப்ளாக் பன்றா பாப்போம்.
He asked you to come to his street. Danger fellow bro
dr unus bangladesh need you

Hello king...
I can't wait for you to get to your new home in GITMO! You are a Traitor and many of us know this!
Claiming Kenya won't help you! Tribunal on the way!!!
god bless the 44th president!
Per Stephen Hawkins he isn’t anywhere. Prof Hawkins was a devout atheist. So he is either just gone or burning hell. Really the only two places he can be.
Perhaps the comment was not meant entirely literally.

Unless his body is actually being fired into space.
Lol #Tesla true. Love your work Sir.
あかさたなはまやらわ
Mr. Hawking is great and thanks him for his service to mankind
I miss Steven hawking
Best president ever
And GOD 
Shut up and respect one of the greatest minds in the history of the planet, without pushing your odd political agenda
Didn’t realize God was a political agenda lol
You’ve used god as a political angle before
I think you mean Islam.
Islam masquerades as a religious ideology when it’s actually the most brutal, subservient political agenda the world has ever seen. You can be a Christian and be a lefty. I’ve seen it. I was one before.
Where did Islam come from? You brought that up out of nowhere..separation of church and state, right? No wait, “god put trump in office”..you said that right?
She only wished a dead man peace with God, are you so detached or bitter to deny or insult someone for this? I pray that Mr Hawkins found god in the stars and in his last moments asked for him to fill his heart.
helloptasidntbarackobamahereyoumypagetwettirwelcomersabctemanandiwontyouhelpmycantryealnajafmachexsadntandvictimeandlaidygeangcraimenkillegah..alialsesstanyedangermansopostinpolicesaddamdirtysceratfortimsaddamfodleingmanplstainpleasfllaowingcompnyemyhapenforyou
Not a new theory. Nobel committee figured he's a plagiarist. Check wiki https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiverse_(religion) …
This genius put some science around these stories .. you calll this creativity?
A sweeter more gentle life I've yet to know of....thank goodness we've shared space with him even if just a short time.  He brought smiles from space to us all.

Es muito crido en ajudar
Correct
#Obamaknewlockhimup2
...
You & your lovely wife are always a much needed breath of fresh air for me. All the nasty stuff coming out of The WH every day since you left, it's always so refreshing to end my social media day with something like this to put a smile back on my face and in my heart. Thank you!

Have fun out there among Heaven. God takes even atheists who lived a good life (even when he cheated on his first wife).
ارتاح لك كثير كرئيس
I knew you were an atheist.

ow hell noar!!!

good work sir!
Miss you scientist

Nic
The Best President.
What a beautiful humble moment  Such a professional leader.  I pray that you continue to be strong and stand tall. May God keep you and your family under his precious wings. I miss you so much as my commander and chief.
Two great man.
HI I LIKE YOU
@JoelOsteen AS EARTH WAS FILLED with people, sin again INCREASED. THE PEOPLE BOWED DOWN TO IDOLS AND FORGOT THE LIVING GOD @Drake @JColeNC

#StephenHawking experiences a zero gravity flight. Check out the smile on his face. 
I love to see you again, your legacy still live. A sign of love.
Stephen Hawking is such a superb physical scientist.I like one of his famous sayings"Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet."望走好。
He's in hell.
http://yogeshbairwa94.blogspot.in/2018/04/blog-post.html?m=1 …
In fact, I cannot tell how I love you in my country Ghana
But he didn’t believe anything happened after death...
There’s literally never anything that isn’t about you in some way, is there?  Always a picture of you, first and foremost. Yikes.
I can say there is only one star here and the other is a black hole but race baiters will go nuts.
BTW my intention was to imply that a black hole absorbs any information that went in and is lost. His presidency was a black whole of the truth.
You are always in our hearts...

holy shit bruh
interesting, very interesting.
You mean the 0 and 1s

:((((((
It's a shame he passed, I was really pulling for the man, I was hoping he would live long enough to see a man land on mars....if only...
Love this picture. Souls in gratitude and joy for their lives on Earth.
He’s spending eternity in hell but go ahead and make jokes. I expect nothing less. BTW, do you hear that sound? It’s the sound of your legacy dying.
#notinheaven
He was amazing... and yes, he loved the stars!
I miss you & Michelle so much!  It was a sense a tranquility with you two to total chaos now. Grandma Beth
We are all, Stardust...

2 great men
Obama had a chance to be America's President but ended in being a President for African Americans and insurance companies. My opinion.
انت سالب لم تؤثر شيئا في حياتك تتركنا نتذكرك
We  @BarackObama and his family. You protected us. We will always protect you. We cherish your time in office sir. God bless you and your family!
hello barack obama, congratulations on your farewell to stephen hawking, one of the world's greatest physicists. RIP
Before you get there lol
I wish you could have stayed as president

OH, my dear. That was a very nice.
Among the stars?
Good
long long memory
No, he was an atheist.  Don't insult him.
Wow I’m still surprised by this he was such a genius 
What a sick comment.
Mr Obama is such a star as well.
salut
Great man, great president ,great father ! Wish you would run again for presidency cause Trump is destroying the country! Please come back and help us!
Good man
Can't they just switch the power on and off?
Lol I’m glad you’re outta office
R.i.p

Un
I'm glad you believe he's in the Stars now. We're gearing up on Earth to compete with these star dwellers. Big moves coming
Very sad that he past away

Stephen Hawking passes and you show a picture of yourself with a side view of Mr Hawking.

Narcissistic personalities love looking at themselves.

Rest In Peace Mr Hawking.
Your grace and intelligence are sorely missed at this dark time in our history.  #AlwaysMyPOTUS
We miss you Barack! You were a great President.
Awesome send off.  We miss you.
I can only imagine how uncomfortable an exchange it would have been for Trump and Hawking. Never mind, Hawking would never have wasted his breath.
He worshipped ur same God
nice
Thank you,
We miss you sir. ⚘⚘⚘⚘

His atoms have sailed to the cosmos to reconstitute into new stars. Farewell beloved professor.
This gives me the feels. R.I.P Stephen.
What a lovely thing to say 
Well, Mr. Obama, we may wish that was true, but it is not. He is unconscious in his death right now:-)
Two legends.
It’s not a true Obama condolence unless he’s in the picture...
Ecclesiastes 9:5
"For the living know that they will die, but the dead know nothing at all, nor do they have any more reward, because all memory of them is forgotten."

The only hope for the dead is the resurrection: https://www.jw.org/en/publications/books/good-news-from-god/what-hope-for-the-dead/# …?
You the best president 
What a guy you are x
Amazin
You are never lost for the perfect words! Kudos, as he was one of the Worlds true Stars!  Just as you are Mr. President.
You have a way with words sir
The Stars Around here are Looking For CoupDe'tat Abuja Nigeria.
Obama, do you think after life, we will become little stars....
MR PRESIDENT GONZAGA WINS
Have fun out their among the stars! That's GODs play ground.  If you don't believe in GOD you don't on the black top!
أوباما انت أذكى دجال و ترامب  البغل أغبى دجال حكم أمريكا على مر السنين
R.I.P He was an amazing man
A "starry sky" person who has a taste for peace. He is more “warm-hearted” than politicians who split humans and “bite” each other between humans.
This is a Chinese from China who has a strong patriotism. The most sincere respect!
I love this.
Best. Tweet. Ever.
Hawking is in hell!! He didn’t believe that Jesus died on the cross for our sins and didn’t believe in God.

Stephen Hawking 's last words 
The universe is yours to explore
Everyday I do a little dance in celebration that you and Hillary are not in the White House.
And every day I vomit that Trump and his crime family are
I'm not pleased at all with @POTUS antics, but do support tax cuts (which should have been bigger) & rollback of a lot of #EPA #regulations. Keep #BigPharma research going strong! Kill proposed regulations on premium handmade #CIGARS. #CigarLife @CigarRights
Don’t forget the microbrewery incentive too!
Absolutely!
