MSU ROCKS!!  #MichiganState #hoops #MichiganGirl
@BarackObama: Villanova/Virginia in the title game; I believe @realDonaldTrump has Moscow Institute of Technology over St. Petersburg State
I like your picks. 
Chalk!
The only upset Obama has is Loyola-Chicago. I wonder why.
Damn did UMBC dirty
UCLA??? The Bonnie’s are your team. :-)
I like the MSU pick.
We love you
Wait, Presidents don’t have time to watch tv???? Really?
save us
Way to go out on a limb there, Mr. President.
Ever heard of UNCG?
They the underdogs this year
Not much for upsets are ya @BarackObama ?
@DukeMBB is going to mess up your bracket, Mr. President! Haha
Enjoy our American sports while you can lol
You’re so close, Mr. President, but this \V/ Mom knows better. Go ‘Nova!
Mr. President, are you sure you don’t want to wait to see how this play-in game goes first before you pick @Cuse_MBB?
Come back to us and we'll help you get a winning bracket sheet!  We miss you like crazy!  
*Virginia
I’m think you have the inside info so I’m copying yours!!!!
You had Zero bold picks!  Most boring bracket ever.  C'mon man you're better than this!  Haha
Now I KNOW Loyola-Chicago gonna win!
GO GREEN!!
And GO BLUE this November ;D
Like your picks! I have Michigan State on one too and Duke the other! Best time of the year March Madness! Miss you in the WH.
Sorry All but it's Villanova All The Way!
When the tournament is over Cadet Bone Spurs will point out your blown up bracket, call you loser & claim to have picked a perfect one. Sadly his cult will believe him Mr President.
Thank you for Showing The world what leadership is!
We miss you and your love for American Culture!
Trump probably doesn't even know the difference between a basketball and an orange.
You are the "coolest" President America has ever had, but that level of coolness pales in comparison to your level of integrity and your overall respect for Americans of all races, religions and creeds.
Are you for real?
Please come back. Bring FLOTUS, the girls, Bo and Sunny. We’ll be good. Promise. 
Villanova LOSING to ND in the 2nd Round??? 
First the first time, Mr. President, we STRONGLY disagree.
The Iran deal?
I, along with every diplomacy and security expert with functioning rationality, agreed with his Iran deal 100%. The only reason GOP didn’t was simply because it was...well...his.
Trump doesn't have time for brackets, too busy cleaning up your mess.
#MAGA
I’m a @michiganstateu alum and even I didn’t pick them.  But they can totally prove me wrong and you right!! 
You’re still worst president ever
We miss you and your picks!!  Thank you for having the Tar Heels in the mix again but I'm disappointed you're not picking them to win it all again. I hope you're wrong!
Your pics were close to my pics.
We miss you Mr President


MY PRESIDENT IS BLACK ALWAYS CLASSY N A REAL RESPECTFUL MAN!!
BLESSINGS UR WAY FOR YOU N YOURS!!
What do you mean "more time ", during your 8 years in office that's all you did plus golfing and vacations!
Most expensive ex president costing taxpayers over a million a year!
cau Barack ako sa mas ja som s europi Slovakia ja vas obdivujem ste spravni chlap s Afriki držim palce ,odpiš te mi cau,
I think @UNCG and @NCState will go  further than that!!
Your picks are awesome!
You're awesome-er!
Amen!
Whoa whoa whoa! Arizona over Virginia EVERY DAY, sir!
They lost!
Yeah I know
Hi family good morning hw u?
Very beautiful
Like anyone cares.
Why comment if you don't care?
Hi family hw
Are you not the Handsome
With or without we miss you mr president you are the best  champion.
swt love u
I've always said: " Let the best team win."  We can all crow about it later...
I want you to be president again! =[
ex prez muslim didn't do very well................what a bunch of hooeey ya'll fell for.  He knows about as much about basketball, as he does foreign policy (red line in the sand).
Really
As German I don't understand, what you mean :-) But I know, that you will get more Favors and Retweets with this tweet than the Orange Dotard with ten.
March Madness NCAA Basketball  Tournament Brackets = National Collegiate Athletic Association 
College  Ballers in an annual March basketball tournament also known as March Madness!
do they play the whole season in March?
This is not the regular college basketball  season.  March Madness is a month long of  tournaments among college basketball teams. The regular season does not start until Fall.
Thank you, Laura.
Your welcome! ..Lots of well wishes sent your way from your friend in the ! 
All the best from Germany!
I miss this Brilliant man in the White House.. President Obama was truly the Greatest President of my life time  #Forever44

loser
 ... bold predictions my president!!!
Michigan st. Was my winner too!
Putin is poisoning allies, Trump is attacking the government from inside and you are posting March madness bracket. As a former president I demand you take action against this. Precedents have been utterly been eliminated. So you saying more isn't going to hurt anything. #Resist
It would not help at all. Obama is wise.
He's a statesman well respected globally I believe if he went to the U.N. this would open a hole in the trump GOP armor. Obama is trusted by all but a few million racist Americans.
You are in a bubble. It would energize Republicans. It’s a no win. He’s talking to allies privately. So it Bush and Clinton.
And I mean you aren’t living in a GOP stronghold or you wouldn’t say that.
But it's my opinion and you are welcome to disagree with me. I talk so much crap to scared whitefolk up here it's amazing. They think the country is being taken over by Muslims over in east Michigan. Its insane
Loyola Ramblers!!! They might just bring it home!
Go Huskies!
Thanks for supporting MSU, Mr. President!  Go Green! Go White!  #SpartanPride
Michigan beat michigan state.... twice!!!
Best POTUS ever, truly missed and loved!
ok. here is my partner, @MikeGoody . {smh}
Barack you didn’t have faith in Nevada and wow that hurts
Well they didn’t even make the tournament soooooo
I literally don’t know what any of those words mean in this context
It was impossible to pick Nevada to win even a single game, because our Women’s team wasn’t good enough to make it to the tournament.
No our men’s team obviously made it to the tournament and he picked Texas
The picture linked is for Women. And if what you say is true I am smarter than Obama.
No there are two pictures
I really miss the great sports fan you are, you are so very sweet,best to you and your family go Villanova!!!!!!!!!!
Xml
We miss you !
Great respect for you and your wife and your accomplishments. But not having St. Bonaventure listed after they beat UCLA hurts a little. #unfurl #GoBonnies
Barry should’ve taken Penn further. We need Cinderellas in this dystopian hellscape.
Nice , we have the same final 4.
Too much time in your hands, my friend?
@BarackObama YOU'RE CERTAINLY MISSED
Umm... Roll Tide!!!
That bracket just took a huge hit, Mr. President, but you are not alone. #UMBC
Thank you President Obama. Miss you and your family. It sure was nice having a president involved and interested in our college athletes. 
#MarchMadness2018
You really are a cypher.
Follow me everyone
@GamecockWBB @dawnstaley is knockin UConn out early
@BoilerBall in #Elite8...nice!
I think Mrs.  Donovan is either at Metropolitan State Hospital in Norwalk, it may be working or trying to at The Village in Costa Mesa. Check College Hospital Costa Mesa too.
UCLA lost last night, they shouldn't be on the bracket!
Barack-etology.
You can talk to Dr.  Paul Yoshino in Downey too. He put this switched Device in me.  Was a bradycardia pacemaker. Now a tracking unit in their new computer system.  18003 Laurelbrook Cerritos,  CA I think. Found the other day. 562 806 0044
Cool, but what about the KANYE bracket???  #RosewoodBracket

Year of the Sparty (I hope)!  Love your Hoops IQ sir.
I miss this dude as President! #comebackBarack
https://www.facebook.com/HillaryPureEvil/videos/789469507872484/ …
I am thinking Kansas is gonna take Michigan.
...bet ya a Free State IPA.
Make that two.
michigan lost :(
It's about the only thing your good at!
Oops! UMBC
Sheeooot. Trump's gonna win it all, just ask him.
I am hoping for Villinova!
@Stoop_Kid24 your picks?? The Spartans??
Who cares?
https://www.foreign.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/FinalRR.pdf … All the information you need to combat Russian Meddling and the TrumpFlake Adminstrations denial... (PS..... Obama you were the best POTUS ever.)
Do you have less data/analytics at your disposal? :)
#NationalChampionship #LetsMarchNova #Villanova  It's ok though... you tried.  You're still my favorite.  
Where is Arizona?!!?


No love for Oregon State? #GoBeavs
Miss you and your family Mr President good luck on your picks.
I am a proud Papa, my 11 year old completed her first ever bracket. I think she may actually beat your bracket sir! She looked at your picks and said...."Wow, the President is going down!"

Love her confidence , which you inspired btw.
That's a solid Final Four prediction, but that's not unusual for you, sir :)
Even Obama's bracket is busted thanks to UMBC.

Will they let you watch games in prison? 
#McCabe
Comey's next & he's going to spill all of your beans, Barry. 
I miss and love and respect you, Barack Obama’s!!!!
Thank you sir. We miss you!
Well I hope you are right cause my bracket looks a lot like yours
good brackets!!! def agree with your women's champs!!!!
@DathenC
Thanks, Obama  #Sparty
I like it. I have the same champions.
Dad and Mom, please come home! The house is a mess and the new babysitter is scary and creepy. Promise we'll be better....please......(sigh) 
How’s that bracket looking, Mr. President 
Optimistic
I gotta respectfully disagree with you izzo is 1-11 against coach k sorry Mr President
Good pick! I hope you are correct! Go MSU.
Well that was fun. Your bracket is like Trump's White House.... Teams getting tossed left and right and chaos everywhere! #NCAATournament

Did you help your picks cheat like you helped killary? To bad she lost anyway, thank god!
I’m sure your picks are better than Trumps!
Donald does his bracket in pencil.
@AGDumas  fill your brackets just like this!
University of Michigan, not MSU; otherwise I agree!
I guess I could be happy if Tennessee made it to the sweet sixteen. After the way they played Kentucky though, not sure they will. #GoVols
Down goes, Oklahoma!
Who cares
Except UCLA lost !
http://videobulur.com/video/tarih/nikola_tesla_tarihe_damga_vuran_sozleri-72799428 …


Hi kanjar tum kese ho
My husband and I were just talking about how much we miss your leadership.  We keep praying for another "you," a good man, to lead us forward.
Just another addition to your long list of failures. At least this one doesn't jeopardize the lives of American citizens.
 Tsavo West National Park, Kenya 

Well President Obama, looks like the top half of your bracket is busted! My entire bracket is busted because I had UVA winning it all !!
New Mexico State over Clemson wtf man
#SSCExam यहा SSC का लिक हुआ पेपर है जो Barack Obama ji ने कर है

My March Madness prediction:  current @POTUS posts his perfect bracket days after tournament concludes, blames ‘leakers’, declares himself smartest man alive, fires entire cabinet and orders KFC to celebrate. #marchmadness #alsoregularmadness
Sorry Mr. President. Have to disagree. I pushed all in for UVA. But, only because one of their starters (Kyle Guy) went to the same HS as my kids. Personally, I’m a B10 guy.
I take that back why u have no faith in arkansas
Everyone’s brackets are wrecked! 
#Terps losing to #Princeton #wow #noway #sorry
I like your picks!!!!!
Respectfully sir, there went your bracket
the Obamas! Miss y’all!
@ChrisPonceee
@BarackObama @EliseLev30  I love ya and all but did you not get the memo? #GoBlue #Michigan #MSBoo
Told you @BarackObama
Yeah when your not making millions preaching about nothing !
Basically all chalk expect Loyola Chicago.? I guess that's politically correct.
President Obama thanks for placing my #AuburnTigers. They upset me but I still #Loveem
yeS GO UCONN !!
Go Green!
Fantastic, Mr. President. I have the same outcome! Woo hoo! Miss you!
Busted! #ubbulls #bullieve #firstwineverintourney #cinderellabulls
