We’re excited to announce Obama Foundation Leaders: Africa, a one-year program to train and support 200 emerging leaders from across the continent to drive positive change throughout Africa. https://go.obama.org/leaders-africa  

One day, years from now, there is no doubt in my mind that you will have your own holiday. It’s already overdue!
Maybe we can get him on a $100 bill too 
They are gonna put him on food stamps which is more fitting!!!!
Bot 
That’s the only reply you mindless liberals say because you are not clever enough to have a debate!!
Clever? I don’t think clever would be the term. I don’t agree with ignorant people because if you do go to their level they also win because of experience.
That'll be about the time the  is hitting the fan and you'll be exposed...

As usual 
Dear President Obama,

Help us next!

Love, America
I love you
You love a spineless turd??
We love you.
Come back!
Leading the way to life.
Bruh they just caught the waffle House killer you think this a good time to talk about this not that?
COME BACK

We miss you!
We certainly do Mr. President!
You are doing 1000 times more for this planet away from the presidency than the current president is doing to hurt the planet. Awesome job.
@BarackObama is still the Moral President of the United States. The other one is just... a nothingburger
What?! Lazy bum you've been off for 2 years and have not gotten around to showing up to a charity that is named @ObamaFoundation ?? This summer LOL! Sure!! Just like last time right dead beat dad!?!
(This is your rebuke brother) 
Of course I'm completely full of crap but are you?


Its ending.
Dude. What planet are you living on?  It came out over the weekend that the fbi had ZERO intelligence to open the investigation into trump.  Flynn’s been exonerated.  You’re in for a huge ass chapping because you refuse to believe what Nunes has found out. Enjoy.
Zero intelligence? You mean Papadapolous flapping his gums isn't evidence?
Apparently not. Lol
Well that's how it all started. But here's some evidence:
This has nothing to do with trump. Not part of his campaign. Not part of his administration. You’ve got nothing. Still.
Thanks for making Melania smile for the first time in years. Come back. We miss you!!
True 
#FlightRisk
Thank you, Mr. President, for being a REAL leader who is constructive and inspires people!

(...unlike the current Resident who only complains and insults everyone.)
@BarackObama you are my hero.
can they visit you in jail?
How soon before the Obama foundation becomes exactly like the Clinton foundation?
JOEY M IS A RUSSIAN TROLL FACTORY BOT WHO HAS GONE BY JOEY MANNARINO AND JET BENEDETTO... MAKE UP YOUR MIND TROLL!
Hope you are doing well.
Everyone misses you.
Lots of stuff happened.
Pretty hard to list it all.

Until we see you again.
Stay cool.
Education counts. Education differentiate between the actual and the former President of the United States.
And: The world miss you, Mr. President.
Best president in modern history!
...
I'm so glad that we still have you to represent our country in the world. Thank you.
Unselfish making the world a better place for all. 1 child at a  time. RESPECT.
@BarackObama
We so miss you and Michelle! You are so amazing and I hope you know how much you are loved!
The $20 Trillion debt Obama left the US cannot be written off even in the fantasy world you live in.
Real leaders know how to bring out the best in people....you, sir, continue to do just that!  God bless you and your beautiful family!

Could you fix Chicago first?

This is the sort of the thing our President should be tweeting. You are missed Mr President.
We miss you, sir!
We miss you so muchMr. PRESIDENT
I'm juh too jealous of SA

You see, Barack? This is why this new leader of the free world will never be like you- you just know what to say, other than the chump who just tweets nonsense, constantly. God bless you and your foundation. And I do miss you.
Fier de toi
Missing you as a POTUS I am proud of & wishing you & your family all the best. You deserve it.
Please b our president again 
PRESIDENT OBAMA THANK YOU FOR BEING A GREAT AMERICAN INSPIRATION, FROM WE THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA " GOD BLESS THE USA "
President Obama, we miss you. Please come back!

So much class 
He’s a REAL GENTLEMAN! @BarackObama ! WE MISS YOU!!
Yes he is!
You can come back anytime now.
Thank you for continuing to be an inspirational force around the globe.
Also,
That's so cute!! 

I was just about to post this meme. Something said, scroll 1st. Damn it, you beat me to it.
Post it again! Important to get it out there!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkPSbp3zTfo …
 Come Back, Barack - SNL - YouTube

This is everything
I'm in hell; dreaming of you and Michelle! Love it!
I actually play that song a lot, even when I'm driving.
I don't blame you. Seems like that video was out 10 years ago! In trumpland, time is at a stand still!
It has been a very longgggg 15 months
When I see your tweets it's like witnessing a shooting star on a dark night.

Miss you so much!
Thanks for making me smile and giving me hope.

We  you dad!
Hey I just came to make fun of you lames.
I just come by to report your tweets, lame one. Buh bye.
Is there a mosquito buzzing?

I blocked that MAGAt bot.

Bye Felicia!

Obama brings all the bots to the yard. 
No kidding! There's a few twitter accounts that bring them out by the billions. Anything #44 is a guarantee. I miss that man, his family and their high ethical standards every damn day. 
Let's reminisce of happier times!
Oh, sob!!
This is what the Presidency & being Presidential is all about. Going out to the world to sell the US, not putting up barriers to anything & everything. A free trade nation does not penalise others with pathetic tariffs, e.g. aircraft from Canada, 300% tariff!
I need to go all my words are wasted. I love and want President Trump 8 years at least.
"Why are the United Nations and the rest of the world so quiet about Hazaras being killed in Afghanistan?"
#StopHazaraMassacre
Warm greetings from  My fatherland Greece  and me. If you love the Art, the Nature and the beauty dreams, please, follow me and I f b you always, immediately. Thank you.

You lead from behind and now all of HISTORY KNOWS ....worst PRESIDENT IN HISTORY...
Clapper is an old crone FEM Dem while Tapper is a cute fascist FEM Dem
I love you!!!
Seems like you’ll share your empty @NobelPrize with an American president that actually did something to deserve it. 

#MAGA
Mr Obama it's good what you are doing but there are other provinces in South Africa that is always left behind. If you have time take look at parkside primary school in East London,  South Africa. They need help desperately! Not just financial but Human Resources as well. Thanks
Blah Blah Blah
Hi

Not one peep from you on the Korean War ending.....says a lot!!!
ტقناة البينة العامة:
#المللك_يدشن_القديه ➫ #عهد_القسم ➬
ـة ولايــ❃ـة #الفرات
نـ استهــ❅ـــداف♾نقا,ط للجيش النصــ❈ــيري بقـــ❆ــذائف من نوع SP:G9 في الهريشمال #البوكمال
https://twitter.com/autm5psb8vlldk1/status/990295580457996288/photo/1pic.twitter.com/3Pc8jKVWZz 
And you did nothing.  You had the power to change, instead you gave speeches we are too stupid to understand what you did.
@Christo72066620
That will be hard to do cuz you’ll be in GITMO.

Check out my we Got hope song Obama


I support President Trump and our nation all the way. That being said, don't disrespect our former President. I disagreed with him a more than I did not. He was still our President and it's wrong for anyone to disrespect him. When you disrespect our Presidents you disrespect 
We are all AMERICAN and it's time that we acted like it!
New talent in my country for the future but I failed. I think you will
So you squeezed company’s with regulatory hits, then in at least two of the companies bff Marty McNesbitt got on a board  and made 279,937 dollars in a railroad company where he had no business being.
Then Marty Nesbit became a board of director at America Airlines making 397,704.
You didn’t give us jobs, you destroyed them.
Please move to Europe...
@BarackObama come back , this country needs u  #savetheworld
https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocratsLogic/photos/a.1648005522084023.1073741829.1646874365530472/2099905323560705/?type=3 …
Worst president in the history of the United States of America.
He Mr. President you know the song by Pink Floyd. Wish You Were Here. Most Americans would be signing that to you if they had the chance. (LOL)
That’s great news 
I want you as president again but I understand!

Trump is making Obama look like a totally incompetent wimp. The difference between a do nothing politician and a billionaire businessman running the country. I’m sure Obama is a great guy & family man but terrible POTUS.
You like this guy?  Obummer...you not paying attention....Q Anon has the info .... Treason!!!  BO has lawyered up but he is still guilty of TREASON says Q
Hello dad m'y dream IS to live in usa to do what for get a visa
He should be in jail
Dear Ex President Mr. Obama , if possible please let me know how can I contact to you Directly ? I am Iranian and I live in Thailand ...... Thank you very much
هلا اباما
Hi mister Obama 
س ع
Im not for certin, but i think your enjoying how im handeling matters this term as the presidents man Sir/ if so thats good, stay tuned our lifes have more time, than not.
Re piola
Yes you did great things
Always the class act!
I agree because you want to promote new talent in your countries. I trying before 20 year for promoting my
Did U know this about “ME” at B.A.S.E.?

B.A.S.E. MARIJUANA DOMAINS

1. N.S.C. (Natural Seed Cannibus)

2. H.D. (Hydroponic Dope Organizations Cannibus)
nice
Obama Family and Strzok Family go back decades...
Good job and good luck. A saying goes like nobleness enkindleth nobleness in the same way this good effort can bring amazing results. Wish the foundation all the best
War criminal...South Africa doesn't want you here!
What about here in the inner cities and rural country side why not here first. Why Africa first.
Apa kabar Pak Obama?...i can't imagine the world without USA... greetings from Indonesia.
Map of Europe of the year 1641 with Catalonia, created by Joan Blaeu.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catalan_Republic_(1641) … 
Catalonia: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catalonia 
Catalan courts since year 1027
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generalitat_de_Catalunya …
The Jerry Seinfeld Presidency. Meaning your presideny was about...
You and Michelle both deserve an invite to the #WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner tonight.  Because the current White House occupant is a #WimpyPresident who can't handle the press.
Sounds to me like another clinton foundation,you crooked pos!
你是个善良的人
God bless you
Yesssss, I would love to be there!
Recognizing opportunity and taking advantage
and using that skill with education is the challenge....i wish them great success!
You are so lame!
We miss you
The United States needs you
Just wondering what you did to deserve the Nobel Peace Prize other then bomb the shit out of Syria, let ISIS roam free, and do nothing to your home town of Chicago. #Fraud #Obama #ObamaGate #WorstPresidentEver
talented: eyes to see in
front and the distance,
nose to tell if everyone can keep alive there, hand and foot to work, ear to hear somebody's advice and explain, mouth to communicate and warn?  as you know.
We have a president that is taking the country to the gutter, feel completely hopeless and depressed and I am afraid he will get re-elected .,can’t focus on anything else !
hello  Barack
يسكيوزمي
This is what real leadership looks like, you sorry POS.
奥巴马先生，您好
U asked us to thank u for the job market when u regulated the shit out of for profit colleges putting some of the ITT technical colleges out of business, which put tens of thousands of people out of work.  Ur best friends broke up these companies.  Thank you for...,,
You’re bff, Marty Nesbit and Kip, owned Vistria , a private equity firm that bought the for profit schools, after u regulated them, they bought them for pennies, sold off shares.  The Vets with the GI bills ran out and some of these guys became homeless.  So yeah....thanks a lot.
Friend Marty Nesbit shows UN in this one too.
So you chocked the banks and the finance industry as he comes in to save the day and reap the rewards.
Trump is making you look so bad!!!! And we love it!!!


just found out that there's a criminal investigation into your presidency.  Didn't vote for you but our family always. always supported who's in the oval office.  Hope you like orange.  Orange is the new black.
Back in your homeland. Good. Stay there.
Intelligent...... talk
Miss your class and deportment.
To make AMERICA BETTER (not Africa) you need DRAGON ENERGY.
Apparently, you don't have any of that.
I love how @RealCandaceO and @kanyewest think.
hi baracka
Keep up the work !! Appreciate you !!

Good for you captain
Come back Barry Soetoro come back! Who is wendy?
It will be a great day when you are finally in Guantanamo!
Trump will sign Exec Order open sealed applications transcripts Barry Soetoro aka Barack Obama Occidental College received a Fulbright scholarship didnt attend Columbia! It's time we clear Barry Soetoro's good name

Welcome home Mister President
Mr. President please go to Chicago and tell them to stop tge killing. They will listen if you go. You represent our freedom. Speak and they will listen.
Building a better tomorrow
You are so are awesome
I WISH YOU http://THE.MR .OBAMA.GOD BLESS YOUR LEGACY

Did you use your forum to denounce the South African's government recent illegal confiscation of farms and lands from all "white" farmers? (racist) EXACTLY what Mogabe did in Zimbabwe to destroy that country and you did not say a word about it? Friend or foe?
great African man
In 15 months Trump has done more than your ENTIRE presidency, what a shame.
So many concrete goals, so little time!
كيف حالك يا اوباما عساك طيب
