#MLK family voted for TRUMP!  #MAGA #BlackHistoryMonth 
Of course she did; MLK was a staunch Republican; who truly understood the Democrats devious ways. Founders of the KKK, voted AGAINST the civil rights act, and on.. #DrainTheSwamp #releasethememo @potus @realdonaldtrump
Just a history lesson for Obama & his  “followers” I haven’t received one negative comment on my posts on his page? Hmmmm are they all bots?
More than likely. CNN supposedly has 39M followers, but most tweets have only a few hundred comments
This is just one company, I’m sure there are many more.
Miss you
Amen God Bless
Thank you for your service President Obama
Please come back 

Am.eagle waiting to meet with you at the radison in Fargo no.dakota to swear in father and daughter of the great state sign contracts and make our world wing    appearance at the UN to satisfy international forces demands upon the United state
@BarackObama Happy MLK Day!!
Nice one president
Gonna go now. Think.
miss having you in the WH.  this coming from a lifelong GOP member.
come back
Thanks president Obama
Your immaculate example has set us up for a future of maginficent leaders. Across every race and every nation of the world, people are inspired to do better, to be better and to fight against the injustices that affect our global community. Forever grateful to you and your family
Rosa parks sat so Martin Luther could walk
Martin Luther walked so Barack Obama could run
Barack Obama ran so all the children could fly
So I'ma spread my wings, you can meet me in the sky
#MLKDay2018 #MLKDay
MLK was harshly critical of America's imperialism. Obama's presidency was characterized by terrorism via drone. Under Obama's reign many children cowered in their homes at the sight of a blue sky because blue skies heralded death.
So, we celebrate his legacy as we will every year and we will continue the push forward. #EqualityForAll
Happy #MLKDay to you too!  I'm sure #MartinLutherKing would be protesting Trump’s every move if he were alive today!
Obama, you have been an inspiration for equality and justice for all.  We miss you incredibly, and MLK would have been proud of you!
So very true, we certainly miss you!
Miss you!
I'm inspired by the ants in my backyard which manage to take my breadcrumbs on what appears to be a marathon journey away from my house.
A real President!
AllWordsRepresenting[Solid Ground]..
ItsTooBadTheIndividual N TheWhite Doesn'tUnderstandThat ItTakesSolid GroundOf"WeThePeople"4It2Happen..

Thanks for the inspiration,  we will take back our country and make you proud
And 65 years later America has regressed by electing a racist lunatic who thinks neo-nazis are “good people “. #MAGA
Thank you 
Dr King thought homosexuality was WRONG.
You rocked with Letterman on Netflix.
And in life.
Respect.
Too bad your entire life has been the opposite of #MLK  race baiting at every turn possible.
Yeah... you're a great example... how long did you turn the other cheek while taking a rapist' s money... years? A decade? How many women were punished for your success.
Happy #MLKDay  FYI, I miss you being president. As a law school graduate, I admire your work in constitutional law, arguably the hardest first year law student class with property a close second. First year is the worst year! Bless you @BarackObama and yours.
MLK must be turning in his grave because of this current "President" and his behavior. That i can tell you.
Amen #POTUS44. I'm so blessed to share the same birth date with  not only a great Black Man, but a great American.
Are Republicans Racist? Vanderbilt Professor of Political Science Carol Swain explains, the Republican Party was actually responsible for nearly every advancement for minorities and women in U.S. history—and remains the champion of equality to this day.
There was a shift in party ideology to appease southern democrats, go research when this change occurred,  I believe late 50s or early 60s. This NOT the same party you describe.
NOT racist:



We miss you, Mr. President.
Your interview with David Letterman was extraordinary. Thank you for all you did as president to move our country forward, and thank for continuing to inspire us. We will fix this mess.
Such a great interview.  For an hour I felt happy again and inspired.  When it ended, I was reminded who was President now and felt depressed all over.  I miss him so.
Trump’s insanity is being normalized. Every. Single. Day. There is a new outrageousness.

If you want to remember what a true President and Leader of the Free World is like, then go watch his @Letterman interview. 

So sad what we have today in Trump 
And your felling just like true Americans did when he was elected 8 years ago that was sad And  bad day and you realize we went backward racism was huge after he was in office
This is a perfect example of the insanity of the right.  Those who can't even spell or write, offer these odd projections where they say the truth are lies, and lies are the truth.
Predictive text can be tricky, so can thumbs typing on small screens. If you think a couple of spelling errors is an indication of insanity than perhaps you do not know the definition of the word. Please do some research and find out who paid for the dossier & why BO spied on DJT

EXCLUSIVE: The FBI says Rep. Devin Nunes won’t show them the memo alleging agency abuses. http://thebea.st/2BiOK8J  #ReleaseTheMemo 
And he was a Republican.
No he wasn’t.
Actually he was, look it up..
King was not a partisan and never endorsed any political candidate. You look it up 
I did and he was a registered Republican.
Martin Luther King Jr. was not a Republican. Or a Democrat. King was not a partisan and never endorsed any political candidate. In a 1958 interview, King said “I don't think the Republican party is a party full of the almighty God nor is the Democratic party.
Guy Treebush is 100 percent correct. He was Independent, not Republican.
I Am Happy.
U r right Mister president
#Release your sealed records.
It's time we find out who u really r I think it would answer a lot of questions of why u tried to destroy the country
And he would be ashamed of what he has seen others attempt to do in his name.
No results have a good day bye bye for good.
Citizenship is not a spectator sport. Democracy is a verb. 

No matter what our age it is every American's responsibility to ensure our American beliefs & Democratic foundations are kept intact, safe, protected & doing so by voting, volunteering, standing up & using our voices.
I was too idealistic SusiB.... I was going to write in my vote on my dream ticket ... @SenSanders with @marcorubio for VP... pasted it all over my FB, made a T-shirt& everything... told my friends & family they should too. If we all voted then in, THEY would have to represent, R?
From little things,  big things grow
Traducir a espanol
C
Sir, Obama  my best wishes to you and family.B lank spaces created  in advocacy for Justice after you got down from First'cit. Though Justice in India is a farce  , your inspiration always pushing    us    towards to raise our voice  against. In Justice.. Best Wishes.
Funny, most Americans say “toward..”
わかる
He also had a negative view a gay marriage, but we overlook his reverse racism and personal agenda because  he was a public speaker?  Just sayin, he didnt discourage Black Panthers but his encouragement to organize and fight back has divided our country.
Obama. Is. Great man.  Great. Fother&great huspend  he. Treat.his     Wife.  With  respict
How do you think Dr King would have felt about 26,892 bombs dropped on mostly civilian populations in the Middle East in 2010 alone? 90% of the dead were civilians.
What about over 20 women, sexually assualted by a sitting president? How would he feel about that ?
What women?You didn’t hear? Gloria Allred was paying women up to $700,000 to make fake accusations against trump! Back to the subject! I don’t thing Dr King would have liked the 26,173 bombs dropped on 7 countries in 2016 alone either! Get informed! Turn off the fake media!
Another poorly informed fox news viewer. No one can take these viewers responses seriously since they are all over the place & completely absurd! They can't make a valid point, stay on topic or prove a damn thing. Pure and utter nonsense.
Poorly informed? Why don’t you get your Google search engine ready! I will destroy you with facts! Undeniable government documents! Freedom of info releases etc...! You like being a sucker ?Show me how many bombs obama dropped on 7 countries in 2016! Since your so smart! Sheep
That’s because you have no debate! You care about truth you should learn it!
No, it's just that I don't care about you or what nonsense you have to spout off about. Take your agenda elsewhere.
http://yogeshbairwa94.blogspot.in/2018/04/blog-post.html?m=1 …
Just like Dr. Jr .. You have left the humanity with courage to stand by what they believe is true to every spirit.
#WorstPresidentEver
Great
Yes!
NGO - NZT - MR. Liridon Aliu - Activist For Human Rights Liridon Aliu - http://www.facebook.com/liridon.aliu.internacional.law.community …
Yes, but his protests were peaceful, even respectful of our country.   Yours, on the other hand, encourage violence and even the murder of our police force.  Our state can no longer recruit enough for the Sheriffs positions thanks to you. You are not even close to being a new MLK
THEY WAVED #USA FLAGS! TONS OF THEM!

Obama hates America!
Dr. King would be ashamed of you Barry !
I had a dream a dream to lead the greatest nation which would just not be lead.
Reason to dumbed out west red necks
Feel better ...?
Barack Obama is a legend of the greatest nation which would just not be able to get the process done
Really -   Well let him come to your country and duck it all up for you -- will that work for you ??
You are nothing compared to MLK. We saw the 'other' paintings by your favorite artist. Game on.
Your amazing
barry at his BEST!
To Michael Buesg.
You Should be Ashamed of yourself over being so rude, that’s just NOT okay whether it is the President  or NOT, or Amy Othello person.
Shame om you and all WHO talks like that abaut Other people. 
I
must pay Delinquent tax,every month.
On the other hand,
Disney start to pay profit to stuff.They always pose as good person,as super star.
Am I treated by Disney as crazy?
Is it solution in USA?
I Miss u
Tired!
good
When FEDERAL desegregation laws where broke in the south the president sent the #military

Today we protect #SanctuaryState let #IllegalAliens & other foreigners vote in the #USA

Just not #Russia
#OBAMAGATE
happy Valentine's day
Sizi Amerikanın en kötü Başkan'ı olarak düşünüyordum . Yanılmışım. Trump freni olmayan bir kamyonet gibi .
Is my drawing
Still pulling blacks and white apart with this. We need a letter saying how we are all equal not btinging up the past idot
Asslamualikum
Нига выпий пива
Well, least now I know Russians collude with Barry.
Dr. King did not pit us against eachother...... He did not tell us to ride in the back seat.
Hello Mr president. I don't know how to report these things but if it's true good. If not sue them big time. From madworldnews.
Too bad for you that you are not him. Not even close.
All a setup.  Just like the entire story of all this the first time.  Trump is a pro-wrestler on the same team as 666 Madison Ave, can you sign my Russian flag “Wolfpac” guy.
#Married_in_17mins
But how can this possible?
You can't believe this but it's 101% real
Must watch Sadhna channel - 7.40 to 8.40 pm everyday
Siriya log v to insan hai  apko taklif nhi hoti ye manjar maut ka dekh kar rok do sir nhi to upar wala maf nhi krega
Barack Obama. you the  best president in the whole wide world you need to come back because the president we got now obviously don't care about nobody kids. but if was your kids getting killed you would have did something about it
Obama respects the law and the law says only two terms.
Today I follow the story to my engagement w/ the dancers in the inauguration ceremony- oh,the happy spirit the happy geniuses,to my engagement in the Paris the encounter in the Cathedral which made me think on my dear climate-mediator &friend. @JLo @foreignoffice @EmmanuelMacron
Barry......  Tick.....  Tock...... Tick......  Tock......
Actions speak much louder than his prepared bs words. The dude is a racist traitor, period.
LIikEsYoupAeLOokD

I'm trying to find Justin Bieber can you please help me elephant Georgia thanks Marilyn
this evil man supported you and paid you
The fame is the smell of heroism #HeroActs
Brak obama sab i Love you
Those days are gone
I thought you said monogatari 
I was shook
Yes, push through all obstacles, even if you’ve been invaded over and over again. Elephants 
Been stumped by elephants GO TRUMP, keep stumping .
But Joy Behar thinks Dr. King is a certifiable Nut Case????
http://videobulur.com/video/tarih/15_filozof_15_soz-72799428 … #obama #abd
Nice one. You are so alt left.

اوباما نگاييدم
It may again well be time for peaceful protests!  Our children need to be safe, our politicians need to be able to pass a security screen, we need healthcare for all, and working people deserve a living wage!
Kehinde Wiley is the guy who painted the #obamaportrait. Here is a pic of another one of his works: a black woman beheading a white woman!
Why would Obama choose this 'artist to paint his presidential portrait! Disgusting!
Clearly not.

Looser
I appreciate everything you’ve done tried to do and continue to do unlike most who are unable to or refused to I’ve always seen through the vail and I know the challenges and heartbreak felt by the level of betrayal and sabotage of everything you tried to do
Dear Lord!
I think the American people are not desperate enough because it only takes one person to make a change if the people are desperate,they can force the Government  to pass the gun control Law you guys talk about protecting our children how? When everyday they have been gun.

It was fun dragging Obama for his bizarre presidential portrait, but I didn’t have a problem w/ it. After looking at other paintings by the artist, Kehinde Wiley, a theme emerges tho: (1) lots of flowery backdrops (2) surprisi…
So quiet.  So...so.. quiet in here. It can only mean one thing. It’s been too long to mean anything else. What a wonderful day. I’m ready.
Justice is for all!
It’s ashame you torn apart all the progress he made. Disgraceful!
Can you please explain how President Obama tore apart all that you think MLK did?
OBOMBA, Why did you kill so many of our brothers & sisters? Why did did U fail 2 explore the Cosmology of the Unified Field Equation, 1 = ∞, that I gave 2 U & your sister before UR first election as POTUS? Wages of sin is death, how can U account 4 all this rebellion & Treason?
How r u sir.Thanks a lot for ur contribution to the society.Good day
YAS, my president, Yas.
https://twitter.com/Thomas1774Paine/status/963111906553851905 …
Have you not stirred up enough, regarding race relations?  Very bad choice.  Your worldview is showing.
Obama Portrait Artist Likes to Paint African-American Women Holding Heads of Decapitated White Women https://truepundit.com/obama-portrait-artist-likes-paint-african-american-women-holding-heads-decapitated-white-women/ …
It is becoming more evident as the Russian investigation goes on that maybe it is you and your administration that should be investigated. I think the worm is turning and I doubt that you could stand the same scrutiny that Trump has.


Justice?! Don’t compare yourself with Dr.Martin Luther King. You are more like Malcolm X. Dr.King was a hero you are a zero.
You are a great man...I was so proud to call you my president! Thank you for your constant words of inspiration....bless you!!!
hmm coffee moment in history
I don’t think your portrait painter did this in the spirit of the great MLK:
I miss u Mr. President!

How true this is now. Seeing these students from #MarjoryStonemanDouglasHighSchool is inspiring #keepfighting #wearewithyou #TimeForChange
The king was a far better man than you will ever be! You tried to ruin our USA and we can’t wait to see you at GITMO! You are no longer welcome!

Dr. King always had FULL confidence in the Constitution, that it would triumph over the will of Democratic slavery and discrimination. His dream was realized.

You want to undo everything the Constitution has achieved. You despise the document that freed blacks from Dem slavery.
Preach Mr. President! We miss you so much! 
Still trying to divide the races? #pathetic
You could only hope to have the courage Rev King had.  He strived to being people together.  You?  Meh!
I celebrate you
I loVe You Sir@ Good Man
Please explain to everyone why YOU chose a disturbed artist who paints pictures of Black people BEHEADING White people to do your portrait.  Pretty creepy and sick!!!!!!!!!!!
Do you know that somalia  and its people are 
prisoners because of your hiding.
The Jews are stalking and erasing Somalia since your birth ,1962.
You must have a courage to end this Israeli
fraud, be more than  H.
They occupying somalia sea and land,
 using UNO and NGOs  .
#Trump for 2020
Sure miss you Mr. President!
Your disastrous foreign policy and strong anti-Israel bias (bordering on antisemtism) are responsible for events this weekend between Iran/Syria and Israel. You emboldened Iran and provided Russia free rein in the Middle East.
And joking that you are “essentially a liberal Jew” is a cover for you being by an antisemite of the worst kind.
Dr King was arrested beaten and killed because he walked the talk and stood against power not with power. Dr King would be ashamed and disgusted on how silent you were on abuses and constant war. You've perverted the truth about what he stood for.
https://t.co/CWy2rVHqUO?ssr=true
He was an inspiration for all who stood firm  against injustice.
Lanjodaka Neekenduku ra Twitter Madarchodh
so why are you  stepping on everything he did???? He does not believe the same way you do.  He did not try to get the black vote and then leave them in the dust when they were no good to him anymore.  TRAITOR
Justice to whom?????  We have a real problem with justice now, in the white house that you screwed up with crooks, liars, and thieves
Did you pick your #ObamaPortraits artist for his depiction of BEHEADINGS OF WHITE WOMEN ON PURPOSE?
Did you push for justice or mass chaos?? Come on Barack- time to face the music. YOU USED THE MSM to push your msg & dishonest agenda. It worked until America woke up & strong-willed white tiger stopped you & your plan! Now who’s the whiner??
I am cat
Just bought a new Hyundai Accent
