President @BarackObama surprised our public meeting tonight to share his vision for the Obama Presidential Center and our mission to inspire the next generation of leaders: http://Obama.org/Chicago  
#JusticeForAsifa India
Hello President Obama! My wife and I still owe you and Michelle a bbq at our home on the San Pedro River in SE Az! We often think back on our day with you at your home in Chicago. 
Thank you for continuing to inspire good in people.  We miss you and Michelle.  
In 2014, I signed the 'Promise Program' into law to pay people like Sheriff Israel to ignore certain crimes. And I'll bet you didn't even know it existed. It allowed Nickolas Cruz to buy a gun and stay out of jail. ~ Barack Obama
Hearing from you helps heal my shattered heart. @BarackObama you are and will remain my favorite human being & President, ever. I hope you still read your messages. I write often. It helps maintain my sanity. 
Your sanity may be salvageable but your moral center is damaged beyond repair.
I hope the Obama foundation isn't corrupt  as the Clinton foundation.

You ruined Chicago.  Community organizer.  Why don't you do something for your So called city?  Because it would fail. Just like all your policies.  You ruined the US as well as Libya and other countries  @HillaryClinton would have done the same
I know you're not talking to me...
Fun to be home in a city where you made no impact in 8 years where children are dying in a gun-free zone and you did nothing
Spread your wealth to all the children of Chicago  the war zone
How many $billions& did you take in for the new building? How many homeless, starving women & children could that feed, clothes & house? You would know the answer if you REALLY cared about poor folk. There shouldn’t be any but Govt resources were re-routed to care for illegals.
You need to spend LOTS more time in Chicago .. Get out play B ball & drink some wine with the locals..  Maybe they could teach you a lesson in life's reality !!   Not the dream world you live in !!

Have you ever had a REAL Job?
Dealing with you fukkkn crakkkers is a real job worldwide Jon boy !
And we are thrilled to pay millions of dollars to construct a monument to your achievements or lack of. Perhaps it will be completely empty just as your presidency was ?
Prayfully you can get Chicago headed back in the right direction God Bless you and your family
I miss The Obama's in the White House!!! We're stuck with trash at it's finest!
You are nothing but a big talker who accomplished nothing. You fool no one
You did nothing for Chicago as s community organizer and state Senator nor the United States of America or the world as President. In fact, you did damage. Please, stay out of our lives.
My President forever!
You get what you deserve.
It is fantastic that you can love the man who destroyed your future.
FyiAs other past presidents have it listed on their biography, they were the 40th president,35th president and so on. You are no longer our president President Donald Trump is. We the people voted him in. Please take off president and just say the whatever president. Give respect
I wonder how many security guards he took going into the south side of Chicago ? Oh that's right theirs a gun ban in Chicago ,yep that really works




The best president ou America !
My dream is to live in United States i have a dream,i want to travelling and stay forever in this Country number one,the extraordinary number one!
Great
Ohhhh I get it. You did nothing in Chicago so you could use it after your 8 yrs. good strategy. #ICE cleaning up gang activity at the behest of Trump. #MAGA
Hows that working out is anyone left in Chicago or did they all shoot each other yet #2A
I miss you, Mister President.
You keep holding those town meetings and President Trump will change the world and make it a better place for Americans.
Obama Inspire the next generation ? What a joke .. you want to teach our children to sleep with the devil? Give millions to our enemies so they can kill innocent people ?  You should be tried for treason
That great thing we most be doing sometime

@presidentperine had a great day helping the homeless with NBC 15 Mobile Al 
Yeah, never mind that you have completely dismissed the local coalition in the #SouthSide who want inclusions and input on your stupid-ass foundation to lessen the impact on soaring housing/rent prices and job inclusion for the locals. You are a real POS, you know that?!?
How's those Gun Free Zones workin out for ya!?
Keep it up sir,you did a lot for Americans as well as for world wide.
I read The Audacity of Hope. Enjoyed. It made an impact on me. Took me to places I've never been before.
Amen.
POLICE KILLINGS: DONALD TRUMP HIGHLIGHT 10,000 BLACK MEN’S ANTI-TRUMP MARCH AND RALLY APRIL 21, 2018 #Topbuzz
Maybe a separate place for trolls, with troll-designed jobs, schools, parks, entertainment, and troll govt, will create #happiness
Which side is the side where all the illegal guns are and folks shooting each other over heroin in a gun free zone?
Can U Even Airout My Name. That Is Success To Me
Shocking picture of Africans being held and sold as slaves by Muslims in Libya 
Nobody cries for them. No International Body moves a finger. 
In the meantime - BLM makes allies with these same Muslims in USA.

You can thank Obama and Hillary for facilitating this.
The problem with that is your wife can’t seem to include or appreciate views other than her own.  Negative comments about our President and women who voted for President Trump say it all.  Hypocrite!
Why don't you really focus & make peace in Chicago. Give it your all for 1 whole year. Ask for gangs to turn in their guns. If everyone does it...
Chicago is still a shot hole.  Good job son
Sir my children , wife & myself expect you to come to our home. ( In Chennai India ) please come.
Love The Obamas.
Wocaonimagebi?hwn

Nice way of your life sir.
Please please I need help
His Excellency the great president. You are a great person. I wish you success and to your family. Hayat, San Diego welcome to visit me.
I love obam
Yes, real human development begins with community development. Congratulations, Mr. Barack  Obama.
Awesome President Obama, we need you back on the job and old lard butt tRump can spend 23 hours on the golf course telling us how much he has accomplished in that leftover 1 hourworking
Happy Easter
Why didn’t you do anything about the number of ppl being killed in Chicago!

Taking after the Arkansas Crime Family, huh?
Dear Barack Husain Obama,
While you were president I couldn't meet you .But now you have finished that very duty of the Presidency , so to meet with you how many days earlier notice / communication should needed should be given to your staffs so that I can make a meeting with you
Your meeting with community organizers opposing plans for the Obama Presidential Center didn't go so well did it. And then accuse them of being racist just because they were doing to you what you use to do to others. HYPOCRITE!
An excellent Leader!
I'd like to thank you, Mr. Barack Obama, for your time in office, and what you have done positive for the American people

You should’ve stuck with community organizing. We elected a President not an activist!
PLEASE TELL ME HOW MANY WONDERFUL BLACK MEN AND WOMEN WERE KILLED IN YOUR GREAT CHICAGO THE TIMES YOU HAVE BEEN THERE ? MAY THE VERY LORD OF HEAVEN REMOVE YOUR SO CALLED FOUNDATION BUILT ON THE BACKS OF THE USA TAXPAYERS MOHAMMAD
Hopefully inmates will get to know you better when the corruption buck leads directly to you!
The Best
.@obamafoundation .@MichelleObama .@BarackObama .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic

I love you President Obama!
تحية ليك
are you modeling your foundation after the Clinton foundation?  I figured as such.
What happened to that house in Chicago you say you owned?  Why didnt you move back there?
http://videobulur.com/video/motivasyon/tembellik_etmeyi_birak_motivasyon_videosu-72799428 … #barackobama 


Please work on the violence in the city.
He still gets all that
You did your part Wuod Alego Siaya.. God bless you and your house Mr President of the people
The former, former, largest community of surf boards has relocated to Tennessee River Valley Authority.  Be alert for any unexpected marble ridges, and, #NoSki
Say that Obama
The words of a father and husband who cares about our kids future 
Should be a National Holiday....
Gentle
Wish you were still President. So embarrassing to listen to the news now.
Hallo allemaal wij willen Obama terug als president. In plaats van die trump krijgen alleen maar meer ellende Door die gek.
Why do democrats demand Trump denounce David Duke  (which he did repeatedly ) but not a peep when an Anti White, anti semitic scuba bag is working hand in glove with Obama?  Democrat hypocrisy no no bounds.
Gud
You, failed them as a community organizer. You, failed them as a Senator. You, failed them for 8 years as President. You, are a complete failure. The way to help them is for the people of Chicago to vote out all democrats. Democrat policies  destroy. #NeverVoteDNC
Are you EVER going to do anything to help black communities--your 8 wasted years in office proved your inclination not to
Should have stayed in Chicago, My country would be better off
Good sir
Help me get started saving lives of school children,families and firefighters with my invention https://youtu.be/8Wl1ztA3K7s  #betterthanlifeinsuranceitwillensurethatyoulive #thelifeyousavemaybeyourown
LOOOOVE
B Obama. Was great president.
nice Mr.
Save his ideas for prison he can unite his fellow convicts.
The people that you have changed their lives building that damn thing aren't happy to see you. I bet no-one that lives in the area get invited unless of course they got paid!!! #GOAWAY

I just want to say you are by far the best leader our country ever had and I wish you nothing but the best in life god bless you sir
Worst president ever’
You sure didn't care anything about the Southside when you were sitting in Washington DC for 8 years, you had an opportunity to make a difference, you failed your own people.
Thank you Mr President. You and Mrs Obama are greatly missed. Glad you guys get to have some fun.
Yeah man my respect sir always working sir good morning too you sir
My gut says I'll get there FIRST, and, I WILL continue to support u, God willing!
Until further notice, you are my president.
You turned a blind eye to Chicago during the 8 grueling yrs you were in office. Praying for Trump & his administration to indict you for your involvement w/2016 election, illegal surveillance, etc... You deserve to rot!  @realDonaldTrump

Sorry I missed it we love u barrack
Democrats aren't simply the pro-immigration party! They've become the anti border party. The party opposed to citizenship itself. They don't want the Border secured. They oppose the deportation of anyone, under any circumstances even criminal offenses@tuckercarlson. UNBELIEVABLE!
Hi!!!
#DemocraticPlaybook #PROPAGANDA #MSM #RulesForRadicals guide for future community organizers uniting low-income communities "Have-Nots" to gain SOCIAL POLITICAL LEGAL ECONOMIC POWER #LiberalLogic #Brainwashed #TRUTH
get your money baby
What's up with Tillerson and Kenya? Got any sauce? Also, wondering how big a deal you sharing those PDB's with everyone is going to be? You didn't have a bunch of unmasked citizens in those did you?
#QAnon #TrustThePlan #InternetBillOfRights #Patriots 
We got our start last night with the first  just by taking $1.8 million in retirement from him.

So they will be murdering each other in random hails of bullets?
Money for future legal fees, you do see whats happening? They gonna roll over cause thats what scared white people do when you mention Prison.
