We learned from you Prez O!
Yes, we can!
N.B.U
NationalBlackUnification
#nationalblackunification
    Starting May,1 2018
  Follow me on Facebook
Need your support. Thank you
Saya suka sama barack obama saat menjadi presiden amerika , karena kebijaksanaannya dan adil sama semua agama
My online friends from around the world also said that they love President O bc he is intelligent & wise; but most of all, humble. I think his greatest trait is knowing his weaknesses & not afraid to reach out to others for help.

Greatest US President Ever!
And for his reading & writing letters to civilians, answering the little people’s prayers. Best POTUS ever!
The late great organizer and chief. He's a joke and really needs to go away.
Oh Vanessa you'll figure it out eventually. My family faught in the Revolutionary war the Civil war and WWI and WWII so I think I have more to say that some person that ran across a border and collects welfare. Good day!
To our 44th USA PRESIDENT !   You are an international inspirational being !

So trump is responsible for multiple school shootings then right
If he is not responsible for what was going on then tell us what he was doing to prevent it...  Who was the President during that time?
This beautiful tweet, from President 
Obama, just made me cry!
I know it did the same to so many of us! Can you believe, how
on our knees, we are as a nation, that here we are, reduced to having our children fight our battles to abolish the evil that has surfaced in our society?
This upcoming generation doesn't get the recognition it deserves, These young people aren't afraid!! That says a lot. Out of the mouth of babes. Mr. President please help us!!
"Young people have helped lead all our great movement." - Barack Obama
Because you laid a brick on the youth empowerment monument.they learn from the best
yes we do,we must vote
I must say through all great movements. It's evident, that the pen is mightier than the sword. I'm a witness and even participated in some of em. Now grown I know much more. The Word is mightier than the pen, and prophecy is, no child is exempt from our Lord, and chores given.
Well said! We miss you as US president. The world needs someone like yourself. Please try and persuade your wife Michelle to run for president next time, I am sure that she would have lots of support. We need some sanity in the world.
@MichelleObama

However Trump can not take credit for this economy yet, he has only been in office a little over a year. When his term is up (if he gets to finish it, which I doubt) lets see how the economy is. Obama inherited Bush's economy and fixed it, Trump inherited the fixed economy.
Obama destroyed America. And you say the economy was good under him, when all he did was create part time temporary jobs? . Give me a break. You stand with evil cause that's what obama was. EVIL!!!! 
People love to use the energy and ignorant enthusiasm of youth too their own ends. This is why we send our young to war, and why we get them to march for our self serving causes. #stopmanipulatingourchildren
If you are with the kids we need to look at what schools are doing in common that they are the place where disenfranchised people commit violent acts. How many kids are unhappy but just aren't desperate enough to pick up a gun, and why? #lookattheschools

Thank God for President Donald Trump....
I will thank God when the mental case Trump is locked up in a very secure location. LOCK HIM UP!!!
Everything you find bad about Our President I find shoutable thrilling and it makes ignorant persons rant just seem ignorant like it is, just go away...

So love these young people!  Thanks Barack for your wisdom.  We so miss you.
Not to smart are you?

These young people have been driven by the far wack job left. The young conservatives have been silenced and their words have been scripted.
Miss your entire family very very much.

Yeah, and replying to you and 45:
84 
Unorganized chaos is a good thing?
I’m so glad you’re not my president any more you divided us more than most people realize. People wanted you to heal our racial divide but you managed to increase the chasm. You had the chance to be know as the best and to finish the I had a dream from MLK JR
Yeah, he had the nerve to be black while president in a country with so many people who lack self-awareness, and instead of processing & owning their ineptness they project it onto others. 

Tell us what Obama himself ACTUALLY did to "increase the chasm" along racial lines.
American people voted to heal our deep wounds about race. Obama’s campaign was based on him being the president for all his people he was both!!!! He used that as his platform. Yet By the time he left office 47% of people felt he increased the division between use.i felt it
No, I asked you what HE ACTUALLY DID, not what your impression is. 

I've seen countless people claiming outrage over him "deepening the racial divide", but oddly enough can't point to a single thing that HE DID. Only their own perception.
He broke up our mixed race family is that good enough for you. He bought division into my personal family where for 25 years there was no divide just love for all of us. Also in my mix race neighborhood there was no longer a common ground that was once there.
So Obama personally came into your family and broke it up? How did he do this? Did he send the secret service into your home and have some members of your family taken away?
Gow wants the president to act like he doesn't realize sequence  shifts.  Former director of the F.B.I. Robert Luskin lied to you, and lies with these F.B.I. physical delusions and liars.  They need to tell T to smash the F.B.I. What used color was/is for these stayed fake scence
Its always great to learn some History #QAnon ##GreatAwakening
P v
Yeah bend over young people the #CrookedDNC will stab you in the back #FusionGPS #ProjectPelican
I am so proud of these young people and I am with them all the way!
Mr. President, those young men and women are changing America (USA) and not "the World" as per the American definition. Please do not involve us.
People around the World look to Americans on how to change things. They emulate and follow America so we must set a great example.
again... you refer to them as fearless, but when a conservatives expresses disagreement you call them vulnerable victims that should be treated most delicately.

today is beautiful 
I live Korea
l like you
You've got nothing Barack, unless we consider how you'll be remembered as being the cause of so much division and hate in this country today. Go away,
You are an inspiration  to me sir.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10211066390367876&id=1599233571 …

Which of the Bill Of Rights gives the right to learn safely?
Left wing propaganda and the democrats /liberal adults are organizing and financing the marches. The kids are props.
FULL OF SHIT DUDE. I was a teenager during the 60's, I participated in anti-war and civil rights marches. No one paid me nor organized our protests. The same is happening now with these kids. You don't give them much credit do you? Or do they instead scare you? Our future.
This has been the best 8 years because of you Barack
You are our inspiration!
Boy, u don't want to reach very high do u...
A lower bar Is easier to reach.

Get a grip...HE'S GONE.  Its people as simple minded as you are that make this country so divided.  TRUMP IS YOUR PRESIDENT!!!

see how judges needed to switch names and forge them w thepolice stacking faked police reports multiple for same arrests recored to prevent their rape threats/confessions from being told. They say more tied princple sex offender used toture with them.They switch names+fake news
We miss the class and intelligence that you and Michelle brought to the Presidency.
Class? What class? 
Not surprising you don’t know what class is. Let me help you, everything your POTUS is, class is the exact opposite.
And who died and left you boss? You don't know the difference between corrupt (hillary) and good. ( TRUMP). TRUMP, Trump, Trump.

I literally only have a Twitter to see what our buffoon of a president is tweeting, but I am glad that the only comeback you have is to attack the amount of people who follow me, thank you for making my day!
And you people are retarded when all you can come up with is "bot". Give me a break. 

Not soon enough
MPO Floyd and others are also recorded with crimes with police from my town and with forging/switching names with them unsing child predators, and with evidence reception bodies.  YOU were/are lied to the whole time, Chief.
Who does not 
LOVE PRESIDENT OBAMA?
America's last legitimate president!
all the other people that never cared the way you did when you took care of us better than any of the rest and you were more human I mean I loved yours and Michelle's relationship while you guys were in office I mean I just think you guys are wholesome thanks for the great job
Ty.
You were waiting for the children to do something?  And you were President for 8 years?  Just how do you have their backs? What message did you send to the children when you joked about killing people with drones?
Why did Trump let those school shootings happen HELL he could have done something
We still have them undefended from what raised/es evidence fabrication natures with the courts, and with databases.  CCSU is recorded conscious of their crimes with courts, and with foreign drug clicks with/as them also using child sex offenders more to hide their lie progresssio

@diananyin1951 There was/is a Michelle Rice that a Colello family confessed/recorded involved with on/off campuses/inter-branch evidence fabricaiton rackets also foreign, and also with policing of stories, and of drugs w sex offenders proven tied their clicks+schools more.U know?
Dude, you really need to work on how to form sentences. I don't think anyone here knows what you're talking about. It seems completely out of left field. What is the relevance of what you are trying to claim?
she reacted to another conversation tied to some sex offenders tied to the name RIce.  I don't know her.
Now go collect the 300 million guns out there.
You people don't understand. Those who speak out against the NRA aren't wanted to take away ALL guns. All we want is to prevent mass shootings and preventing young people from being murdered in an enviornment where they don't even deserve to THINK about that possibility.
The Parkland Shooting could've easily been prevented with better gun laws, and that is what we want. Peoples' gun(s) are something they can keep if they are old enough. An 18 year old teenager shouldn't be able to get their hands on an AR-15.
I adore this man; his intelligence, courage, compassion, and overall impectable reasoning.  Oh, how our country needs this kind of leadership!!
She is obviously speaking about DJT!! Thank God we have him in office now!!
What punk/incompetent dictates regarding what to say to Putin, too, per the physical delusions w sciences yet/fact treatment natures.  Russians were/are here recorded with crimes with the judgs switching names and such w the principle sex offender just sentenced. More tied childr
They do need to pass a quiz on what they know about the current laws before they are congratulated for making change don’t you think? We should not walk out to be a follower. We have high school & college students who don’t even know who our 1st pres was 
I think they should be congratulated for standing up for something that's important to them...ending gun violence and calling for a safer future  for all.  Why do they need to pass a test or know who the first president was
To learn the true meaning of our bill of rights. They will never take our guns.
So then you must be a gun owner who is part of a "well-regulated militia" which of course you must know the 2nd by heart since you "know" the true meaning of our bill of rights. BTW it used to say women can't vote and blacks are property, until it was changed.
So if you have nothing nice to say about Obama, shush!
Yep.
Nazism is a right-wing ideology
I see history was not your strong suit ... wow.
It's pretty impressive that 100 year old political misdirection of the DAP in Germany rebranding as a socialist party still had fools like you confused as to what they stood for
What’s impressive is that you and your 40 followers don’t know that “Nazi” is short for National Socialist lol #Instablock time!
Everyone is quite aware of the efforts of the Third Reich to co-opt the labor movements of the early 20th century, it's just impressive how dolts still believe the propaganda they produced
So true mr.president
Never my president, ever
I am going to start a movement in order to allow a great President to run for office more than just twice.....are you with me Barack?

Yeah, you wish but his legacy will be restored in 2020.
You call 8 years of his shit legacy? We call it Treason
When Obama took office Dow Jones closed at 7,949 points.  Eight years later it had almost tripled, closing at 21,414.  Yeah, give me that shit legacy!  Do your homework!
Mr. President, I am a high school teacher in the South Bronx. I say these words almost daily. You are STILL the leader we need. Thank you.
How about teaching the students to stop bullying and problem would be solved
Is there a particular reason that you're assuming that my students bully? Be careful...your bigotry is hanging out....
There are certainly ways to get students to think critically about more than one issue at a time. Young people are incredibly smart.
So then its on the teachers and other staff then ?

Over 3.2 million students are victims of bullying each year. Approximately 160,000 teens skip school every day because of bullying.
It's on all of us in one way or another. It's an issue that impacts us all.
Sure is .. parents need to stop trying to be friends with their children and start parenting and teachers have to  have their eyes open more to the bullying.. this all is so sad
Definitely.
You need to go away
My president
And the reason so many people on the alt right don’t like the young standing up for what is right, IS THEY ARE SCARED OF THEIR INCREDIBLE POWER!
God is the truth. Your a liar. Bless your heart
They sure are. I love our conservative youth! Not the ones in these ridiculous marches financed by soros where there are more adults than kids.
Great. Another POS that bullies kids that are peacefully protesting gun violence.
Worst President since President Carter.  I can just hear President Carter's pray,  Thank You God for Mr Obama...
Obama funded terrorism
...until you get locked up #WaitAndWatch
You missed your chance Barack when you sent the drones and the death squads. The only way left to redeem is to offer to stand trial for crimes against humanity. Please show that law, order and justice are the only way! Please lead by example, otherwise you will remain a slave!
It's great to see a leader encouraging teens to speak up and stand up for what they believe in. #STCEgov7
Just like Bill Clinton was wildly popular and his effect lasted awhile but faded your voice will fade. Yes, it’s powerful but without the platform slowly will diminish?

Since when were you concerned with keeping Americans safe? You coddled criminals, invited ILLEGALS in and protected them even when they committ more crimes!
Well said, and very true! They say folks always think their generation is the best one. Well, mine was a good one (and a great deal more innocent), but I give the kudos to the Parkland Generation! I'm not sure what their "Gen" name is, but they are inspirational and give me hope.
Hello brother
God ov
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @mashable
MAGA
Specifically, young people of all colors, ages, abilities/challenges. Sole qualification is red blood. Rest superfluous.
KEEP ON STANDING FOR JUSTICE.
Whose?
Nice
@BarackObama You Are the Best President The US Ever Have I Salute You Sir 
Love You From Pakistan
That's great, you strongly believe believe in this youth able to remarkably change the world.
Rock the vote!  Yes we can!  Yes we can!

Shut the fuck up terrorist
1.2 million likes! congratulations, 9 years ago kids needed help, now after some liberal indoctrination they are completely insane. How inspiring is to run a constant instigation for non sense marches to solve no issues? I voted for you, what a disappointment!
Yes
Wow, does Kenya has a lot of tweeters.?
I bet most of them are fake & duplicates by a number of naive school kids around the world because Kenya & it's neighbors don't have that much IT to go around.
Damn ignorance is running ramped.
I think you meant to say "rampant" which means 'flourishing or spreading unchecked.' Ignorance is a gift at birth. Simple literacy training gets you upward, speaking, and potty trained. Starter education gets you the ability to post on twitter. Selfie(sh) intelligence is "ramped"
Young people of America are blessed with so much hearted good will from God. They need to be guided the right way all in faith peace and love. World peace.
Ffdhyv DC.           UjhuuOK OK yo yWhat y e f Dreee"hVgvede
http://yogeshbairwa94.blogspot.in/2018/04/blog-post.html?m=1 …

You're still roaming around free?  Incredible 
That’s a president!
What happened to Larry Sinclair ?
Come back!! Please!!
Yes, come back. And face prosecution.
Yes it’s a bowel movement 
#JusticeForAsifa India
Yea Antifa!  Yea BLM!  Yea kill the cops!!  Sad.......You ruined your legacy..... not Our Great, Strong current President!!!!!  He has brought hope, joy and real dreams to our "citizens"!!  You killed those dreams & gave handouts!!! Yuk!! !!!
Awesome, they are the change Agents
Thanks for the inspiring words, We owe you a lot.
Come back
From a real President
Great
Young people have also created the "tide-pod" challenge and the "condom-snorting" challenge. Yea really smart
Keep giving these how-to-be-presidential tutorials. I’m not seeing “someone” catching on. Oh well; maybe they’ll help a future president. A young female Obama, even, perhaps...
You mean He/She was a full Male ?
What happened to Larry Sinclair?
Marching doesn't do anything. We need the states to make changes to poli8ce handbook.
#alllivesmatter
You and your paid mobsters are dangerous, but we are plenty and we are strong. Don’t count your revolutions before they are done.
So glad your out of the White House!!! Going to take president trump most of his first term to fix all the crap you did!!!!   Good riddance!
Young people are our future champions for a better world.
Yes, how wonderful you were. So sorry that the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt did not come thru for you...perhaps you can find other ways to advance your Muslim proclivities & defeat Israel.
#IMPEACH45
I ADORE U & I MISS U!! I can't believe we went from the BEST POTUS EVER (u sir) to an illegitimate, incompetent, & corrupt squatter in the WH!! 

I agree with u regarding these young ppl, it gives me hope 4 our future!! 

All my love to u, Michelle, Sasha, & Malia. 
What an idiot! Isn't this the same guy who oversaw the loss of over 1,000 democratic seats nationwide? Who forced healthy Americans to pay his Obamacare TAX of several thousand dollars /year? Who drew a "red line" in Syria where chemical weapons are now being used? F_ck that guy!
How safe was your Chicago District or is it still one of the Murder Capitols of the US!
Will you be watching the trump peepee tapes and see him getting pissed on
Never had anyone’s back but your own. Why the sudden change ?
Bs
5 ..f.

You are so full of crap! How safe were they when you let M-13 gangs into the country? How great you were to steal money (without telling anyone) have that money laundered and then paid Iran (a 2nd time) with the money to get hostages. How great were u in the Uranium deal?
But you didn't have their backs when they were getting shot up.  Your VP PUT GUN FREE ZONE SIGNS ON THEIR SCHOOLS.

YOUR ORGANIZERS organized DAVID HOGG & co.   "Remake the world as it should be"....in whose opinion?  YOURS?   Sorry, we don't like terrorists and foul mouth brats

qw

No Barack, like all elitist. You got your back and no one else’s.
Right to be safe?  That sounds terrifying
After so many pleading attempts for help and extraction.Our four Patriots died waiting for YOU!TO HAVE THEIR BACKS!!.we all know how that ended! Weeks of denial. Lying to the America blaming it on a YouTube Video!!What makes you think the youth want you to have "Their Backs"?
I think most people like the way things used to be.  A time when children were respectful of their parents and elders.  When adults ran their households.  We’ve all been young once and grew up to realize our youthful ideas were mostly wrong. No thanks Hussein
Assalamu Alaykum Dear  Sir
Wa?
We love you in Australia too... and gun control worked fo us here, why not give it a try? Lives will be saved
Barack Obama doesn't waste a chance at indoctrinating the Youth into Socialism when Young & Maleable.
You are SO damned straight! (Pardon my French", but your pathetic replacement uses worse. And one of my followers' country is listed as "Shithole". Disgusting's reached a whole new level.
President Barack Obama, in a Country where the color of our skin has become more important than Moral values you are standing up as a torch showing our young people the way to walk straight and with dignity. May The Lord bless you and family always!
How much  or what did you promise them?
Heloo
Listen to what the Pope said , he is for the kids. Check out D.C vs Heller part 2
We miss you 
It’s the divisiveness you instigated #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
They should have started after Sandy Hook. Or did you draw a line in the sand for that too?
Hi .. my friend
they're giving up their right to be safe by giving up their right to defend themself you dope
You proud of them for snorting condoms and eating Tide Pods too?

Couldn't have said it better myself, @BarackObama. Thank you for taking notice in what our courageous children have been doing and always being on their side.
Did you like it ? https://twitter.com/VikingsArea/status/982904600339546113 … 6550
Did you like it ? 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L 
Click URL: https://goo.gl/Eivx9L  
Worldwide Free Shipping for a short time 
…
Really look at London they took guns away they have superseded NY for murdered and since they don’t have guns they are cutting people’s throats! Yes in we Globlalism NOT Obama Sharia Law followers want to eradicate the West hello??!?
_ደደደደደደደደቀደ .قاا.  
اااأااااأااق.  ا
http://ali.pub/2f6n4z 


The country got a lot closer to how it should be Jan 20 2017.  Everyday since then the stain of #44 is being erased.
PROJECTION the muslim and liberal way.
The guy who failed our country for eight years is now calling on kids who are shooting each other to lead the country. They are suddenly gun control experts. Barry I am still waiting to save my $2500 on healthcare. We are now finding out the extent of the Obama crime spree.
Go to hell
Well said President Obama.  Thank you for continuing to be a voice of reason and concern for our country.  I miss you.  Annette
Thank you for supporting the NRA and the 2nd Amendment. Thank you for supporting the brave young male and female teens that stopped other from making knee jerk reactions.Youths wise enough to know guns today, knives, tomorrow, cars the next day. Curb liberal insanity.
The left wing communists control of young Americans is breaking down that's why u preach hate 
Kids are getting smarter and learning freedom
You were the worst president of ALL!
Go smoke another joint Loser! 
#kentstate
Worst president ever behind Jimmy Carter of course.
you mean stupid sheepeople
Are you proud of my son? He proudly walks the halls of his college supporting our amazing President!
You never had anyone's back - remember you left your own black people in worse shape then they were before you took office.
