I don't think MLK would respect anything you have done, by the way what have you done besides dividing America?
So upset that he’s more popular than trump? 
Are you I hope you're talking about Martin Luther King because if you're talking about Obama then I don't know what the hell you're talking about
 I’m talking about Obama, if you think trump is more popular why couldn’t he win the popular vote? 
He did. He won by not going to graveyards copying names off of tombstones.  Barack Obama had an advantage by going to graveyards in Africa.  This is exactly why Democrats don't want voter ID laws
You got to admit it was fun having two dudes in the White House
Always knew her balls were bigger than his n hilliarys
Two living legends speak about a past legend. I have no choice but to watch.
Past legend was very important!
Obviously.
The power of hope
We support you. We are together to unit defend democracy!

All thanks to #CivilRights hero Dr. King for advancing #Equality!

Let's continue his legacy & demand #EqualRights for women with the #EqualRightsAmendment in all 50 states: Call upon #Illinois to #RatifyERA!

 #ERAnow #PassTheERA #MLK #MLK50 #MenForERA  #SJRCA4 #ILleg
You might also want to give a shout out to Corretta Scott King as well. She campaigned hard to get ERA passed during the 1970's
Worst president ever.  You almost succeeded in destroying USA, but good always wins over evil.
Bot alert
Nope truth speaker!!!!
Co-bot alert!
Barrack Obama is a wonderful example of what a PRESIDENT Should be!                       #TheResistance
Suuuuure he was.
Find something better to do than spreading your Hateful Rhetoric!  What is up with the MAGATS making nasty remarks trying too bait people into arguments? Work in your community! Teach your children to be respectful!
Good read !
Which is if I may?
#Inevitable 
@BarackObama is a criminal & a puppet of globalists.
Take a look.

TRUMP DERANGEMENT MAKING IT HARD TO DIGEST FACTS?
Try #Reality 
Sometimes it might be nice to turn off @CNN & think for yourself...
Embrace #Reality 
It's where facts live!!
100% of US Presidents recommend #Reality as a cure for Trump Derangement Syndrome, isn't that right guys?
I rather have a President that doesnt have 3 wives and 2 mistresses, who tells the truth for one day,  who doesn't  tear down others, and ask a foreign country to interfere  WiTh our  election system. Plus where are all the jobs??
That this is the President that you would prefer says everything that anyone would ever need to know about you.
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
GET WELL SOON!
Trump's claim about weak economic growth under President Obama doesn't tell the full story | PolitiFact@
Guessing you weren't valedictorian...
Some of the most powerful people have not used force to exercise that power!  Dr. King was one; John Lewis, another.  Thank you, President Obama!
John Lewis has lived such an amazing life! So glad there are young people following in his footsteps.
Thank you, President Obama and Rep. Lewis for your service, your courage and for this post honoring MLK Jr., inspiring our future leaders.
Thank you for not retiring. We love you and still need your voice more than ever!
Obama failure is Trump result
Obama was elected to be a real secular but he was not look what he did to world and americs
Never forget his life and legacy.
Rep. Lewis is a national treasure, and we should be getting every story that he has to tell down on audio for the next generation of activists who won’t be able to hear him actually speak.
And you single handedly erased everything Dr King stood for.
Says an old white dude
A Great Legacy.Thanks for sharing
In the work of you two great leaders, we see the power of Dr. King' s legacy, and the promise.

ICYMI [H] Targeted by Q. You’re going to the gallows, enjoy the ride. You thought we were sheep? How stupid you are, but then again you thought Hillary would win. #Q #QAnon #GreatAwakening #TheStorm #WWG1WGA #WeThePeople @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #WeThePeople #FollowTheWhiteRabbit
I cry when I watch this, every time.
Thank U for Sharing this with Us!!!
Just awesome! Two generals passing it on to the next generation! What an example and inspiration!
God how I love these men. Peacemakers and peace keepers.
This is excellent. #providinginspiration
Does anyone wonder if all these "Likes" and "Followers" are real on Obama's site?.....I'm willing to bet most are FAKE and are posted by bought individuals....who wants to bet?

The Same "Folks" that put Osama in Office Had MLK jr Executed
#qanon
#whatawonderfulworld
#WhateverItTakes
#theTruthcommunity 
@LeakProject 
@realDonaldTrump 
@Education4Libs 
@mitchellvii
Thank You @BarackObama & @repjohnlewis  #MLK50
Shouldn't you be protesting the removal of staues honoring Nathan Bedford Forrest, troll?
Thank You
So many of us Americans...miss you, former President Obama. Thank you for sharing this video.
Mr. Obama: "Young people have helped lead all our great movements..."
Remember your buddy Lula?!
Visual aid
Can't wait for your turn... took them a while. Patience pays off.
John Lewis is one of my heroes. What a tremendous human being. Lotta love for him. 
Where did this come from ...... 
I'm Sure You Know  , You Got 
All The Info  Well All Done The Game Is Over Time To Chill Like The Villian We KNOW YOU ARE  Good Try U Lost   WON 
 Wins In The End @POTUS & 
 #QAnon #MAGA #MEGA #Winning 
#FridayFeeling #KAG 
Letter from FBI telling MLK to kill Himself 
.... Inside knowledge I'm sure barry knew 
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @VP @EricTrump @TuckerCarlson @seanhannity @foxandfriends  love  my 
Measured by the content of your character, your legacy is one of hatred, divisiveness, violence, indebtedness, poverty, minority unemployment, dependency, lawlessness, no borders, & sedition. Alinsky would be proud, but history will remember you only as an evil insurgent #MAGA
He might be dead but his ideas still live on. If you aspire to be immortal have great ideas.

What a blessing to have had you both.
Can someone tell me why are melinated people brown folks I didn’t say black because we are not really black they say we are black but I am original! But why the so called white hates and don’t wants us to have equality??? Where is this extreme hate comes from
Simple dude! Whites used to own slaves. So they don’t see black people as human but as property. As sub-humans. As animals. They think they’re superior when in reality the opposite is true.
Only the elite Illuminati feel that way. Everyday Americans, black & white all inbetween can see that they try to keep us divided! No one gets to chose their race. We do get to chose how we treat each other! #HumanKindness
It was my surprise and pleasure to meet Rep. Lewis at the rally at the Atlanta-Hartsfield Airport, 2017. (regarding the travel ban trump tried to invoke) There is a huge presence around Rep.Lewis. He looked me in the eyes as we briefly spoke, it was a life changing moment. 
What did the rally accomplish?
What most rallies do - showed the nation that there were large numbers of people that did not agree with the governments purposed law. This time it was a travel ban. Also allows freedom of speech - your collective voice to be heard. I believe you might already know this Mike. 
Maybe if they tried lobbying their disagreements and voting as a collective force it might be more productive.
Oh but he is. Martin Luther King would have been so proud of him. He is the Martin Luther King of today...such a great, charismatic man, with such integrity, class, & compassion. He is so loved, that America voted him in twice...What a great amazing president!
#Are you #looking #WordPress #Developer? Or #Need to #customize #WordPress #Plugin? I will help you. 

Contact me: http://goo.gl/h3UDFv       

#wordpress #looking #hairing #plugin #development #hacking #malware #customize #CSS #Fiverr #mystery #JesusChristSuperstarLive
Explain, if it's not true I will take it down. Wouldn't even post to you buyt you continue to harass Trump when you should be back helping in the killing fields of Chicago.
你好
Obama: Trump is not going to be President.
Nov.8 Obama: Uh Oh
Let the cover up begin
Jay Z recently said why are white men are so privileged in this country”. Maybe we should talk about how former crack cocaine dealer can come up from nothing & make hundreds of millions pushing shitty rap music that promotes violence, drugs & women abuse.

hahahah 2 of the most corrupt anti Americans speaking hahahaha what is wrong when U choose these 2 for Ur leaders.. How did 2 gubment slubs get soooooo RICH????
@BTS_twt was in the @StevieWonder video with you....Now can you notice them and their song they name after you mic drop Obama?



#DreamStillLives 
#FACEYOURSELF 

Rip Martin Luther King!
Martin Luther King Jr. loved America. You would have been a major disappointment to him.
Yes, We can....
Wooo
Barack Obama is also roll model to me
Selfish in Xhosa is called iNdim,Ndim how true is that , Khawume kancinci ndisa phota  iNdim,Ndim
Two amazing men that have shaped this country talking about a legend that lost his life too soon fighting for equality. President Obama is inspiring and outstanding. I miss his leadership and his passion to unite us all,
Thank you so much for sharing these reflections with us.  I was in Chicago on that dark day 50 years ago with a singing group on tour.  We retired to a private space to sing some spiritual music in King's honor.  Then we walked out to see smoke rising from the inner city.
Hard to believe we have gone from men like these to Don the Con.
I feel for you guys. I'd feel for you even more if us Brits didn't have enough troubles of our own Conservative Government to suffer. You should have gone the way of China...Obama for life!
NOPE!
Hah, well in your case ...you've got what you deserve. How does 'Make America Great Again' look to you? 
Didn't vote for him!
the same Obama my Kenyan brother ended the life of Africas best Muamar Gaddafi..double standards
Your Kenyan brother Obama!!!
yeaaa Obama is Kenyan-American
And the other half isis!!!
To mark 50 yrs since MLKjnrs assignation BBC 4 showed two documentaries tonight 
1st using tv and radio commentary of the time the events leading to his death 
2nd the historic march to Washington 
Just finished watching both , moved beyond belief 
Assassination  - so sorry !



Will you celebrate the death of the folks in Benghazi as well? You were responsible!
...I thought Hillary was
They all were!

Racist
u should know takes one to know one
great memories...thank you both of you...

#Qanon
Hi sir ji
Hi
For All Those Feeling Sorry for Melania TrumpDON'T
If you feel bad for Melania, Don’t..... 

How do you do? I think we have to stand up for equal circle and world peace.The world is connected at a sea.(Eternal Wood Village)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jXVtfWRQSQ&t=6s …
Email Obama he will gladly help you get to the US!!
You are sorely missed...xox
#MAGA
MLK would have never supported Sancuary cites for criminal illegals and he dispised you race pimping democrats. Democrats judge by skin tone not content of character. MAGA...
Ive played roblox with obama before, u guys should join
Al Obamas faggots!
Caught red handed - Staged ISIS execution. 
Leaked footage obtained from a staffer of US Senator John McCain shows the making of an ISIL “execution” video similar to the videos portraying the beheading…
You sold your people out!!  What did you ever do for them?  Not a thing, you just wanted to make this country divided and weak and easily defeated, but you didn't think about how tough the American People are.  Fill your pockets, God will deal with you in the end.
Obuma... yep.. it’s spelt right 
he had a dream, and he knew one's dreams could be realized by constant effort that will never hurt others meaninglessly as you and other politicians know.
Thank you so very much sir for sharing this. I’m rewatching Eyes on the Prize today and am reevaluating many things. #MLK50
#MLK50Forward #MLK50 #MLK
I miss you
About as much as aids!!
Not even right!
On this Day we should honor Martin Luther King, a great American of the 20th century but instead the White House is silent. Little can be expected from a POTUS who has attacked various minorities.A Day to honor the courage & intelligence that Robert Kennedy displayed 50 years ago
POTUS gave the great Martin Luther King Jr.  a special ceremony and signed special 
Paper honoring this day in his name & spoke highly of him.But fake news ignored it.
Yes he also had Wayne LaPierre to white house dinner on the 5th anniversary of Sandy Hook.... thoughtful POTUS
Please explain Wayne LaPierre,
Sandy Hook connection.
Are you serious?

Don’t you remember me? I used to be your best cooperative partner， a Chinese citizen called Xiaochuan Sun(孙笑川). If you know the chinese social software,please search ‘带带大师兄‘.
