my 6 year old son will be devastated when I pick him up from school today. He loves   John Glenn.
Give him extra (((((HUGGZ))))) from this 63yo ex-future-astronaut & lifelong fangrrrl. =^..^= @NASA
thank you so much!  I think he will cry. He's always wanted to meet him.
Almost in tears myself…personal connection w/ the space program - dad was one of the machinists who built the rocket engines.
My mom was one of his secretary's at Edwards AFB when I was born. He was one of the nicest guys she's ever met.
Wow, cool. Yes, he was quite the gentleman as I understand. Not half-wild like a lot of the other jet jockeys. @AprilDeming
yes I actually have a congrat's on ur baby girl card signed by most of the astronauts.She was 21 & low on totem pole
Now that’s what I call a keepsake! @AprilDeming
"As I hurtled through space, one thought kept crossing my mind. Every part of this rocket was supplied by the lowest bidder.”
That was either #GusGrissom (who later died in the #Apollo1 fire) or #AlanShepherd but I’m sure they were all thinking it. @NASA
No it was actually Glenn that said it I believe in an interview
Looking it up now. @FPL_Fly @NASA
...and?
It was definitely Glenn. I promise you.
Glenn alluded to it but Gene Kranz says it was Shepherd after his Freedom 7 flight. @SirEthanMac @ChiefSpartan116 @NASA
Idk all the same a great man has died today
He never landed on the moon. Fake or otherwise.
Exactly? Then why drag John Glenn into your lunatic conspiracy? Reaching for straws dude.
Yeah, well, you don't know your NASA astronauts. DUDE!
We are done, p h dummy.
Thank you John Glenn
N' abandonnez jamais vos rêves et surtout restez curieux!!
respect you!
good
POSANO SCHENDERE IN CONTINENTE EVROPA
JOHN GLENN VERDADERO PIONERO CON UN VALOR INDESCRIPTIBLE -A TRUE AMERICAN & WORLD HERO-
extraordinary gentlemen - super hero
sic itur ad astra

#2016  enough already.
you're starting 2017 with Trump's inauguration on the 20th of January. Enjoy 2016 as much as possible.
looking forward to 2 solid weeks of nothing but good times 

#2017
He was our hero growing up.
may he RIP
i thinking that hé reposés in peace AND Space too ! Ayons une pensée pour sa famille et celles des autres Astronautes disparus
...CON TUTTO RESPETO NON E CHE PER CASSO LA STANPA LIBERA EVROPEA E EVRO PARLAMENTO SIANO DA VOI
GRAZIE
I'M Fathima ,Wishing john Glenn his whole Family Happy new year this new year Bring Happiness may God Bless them & America thank you.
From the earth  to moon and to the heavens beyond,
in flight, rip  #JohnGlenn inspiring astronaut, leader @NASA https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Glenn 
Superman for sure.
John Glenn a hero for all Americans.
A true American Hero @SheffAlena07
Someone the whole country can be proud of.
-

I sat in our back yard at 1am on the day & peered as deeply as I could into space, for that's where John Glenn is now.
@Glenda71185065
Beautiful man, man of morals & life. It was a thrill to meet you all those years ago. God speed!
You lived a life most of us could only dream of.  A true America hero and gentleman. Well done sir!
i'm Fathima , Merry christmas  & Happy new year John Glenn , Wishing his whole Family Bring Joy,God Bless Them& world stayed in peace
:(
It was 1962...
July 1969 for the first Moon Landing.  @c_clark_2525
that is true...
what part of that was complete nonsense? My first statement was wrong, I acknowledge and apologise for. Sorry if I annoyed you
O my God. May his soul rest in Peace Amen.
https://youtu.be/8qqVRBZO5gc  "put out my hand and touched the face of God"


(((they))) killed him because he was about to release his life's long work, proving the earth is flat #ripinspace
.@purpnorng @TakeThatNASA @NASA Silliest damn thing i've ever heard. Used to be slang for stupid people.

.@purpnorng @TakeThatNASA @NASA It's so funny. You ridicule photos and video, then present crude drawings as evidence.
@susanltracey Oh noooo... #RIP #JohnGlenn
yes, an unusual way of saying it but I do agree with you, very sad
yes I just said what I was thinking at the time. But seriously screw 2016 for taking so many wonderful peeps
I  completely agree with you,  it's been a bad year
A man who lived life to the fullest

RIP to the legend and worldly inspiration, John Glenn
rip John Glenn
God's speed John Glenn!
RIP heroes of science
Godspeed
Godspeed indeed
this is bittersweet. I didn't know he was still around in the recent generation til I knew he just passed. Thanks for letting us know
a great man who did great things, may he Rest In Peace.
the first man made us to believe.
I'm sorry for your loss. I know how it feels I lost my grandma when I was 8 I cried for hours. :(
John Glenn, my hero.
@McGruffatNCPC Google the #legalnamefraud
legend never due to disappear
Per Ardua Ad Astra John Glenn
@USAmbRwanda RIP!!
I lived in Derry NH in the late 60's saw Johns buddy Shepard in a parade and remember a little of John's flight.  Inspiring!
Es una perdida terrible.Un gran científico. Adiós amigo
R.I.P. 
: John Glenn, thank you for sharing your amazing life with us. You are a patriot, a hero and an inspiration to generations.
Really he was space hero
I most profoundly admired John Glenn from the time I was around 12. If Mrs. Glenn still living deepest condolences.
Heros are few in our lifetime and John Glenn was one!
@TheDemocrats Great American aviation and war hero but a lousy Senator.
@josephepifano
@carlagugino RIP GLENN
Rip to a hero
The Truth of the Absolute

Step aside ego and let it flow...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIgoeRS73ac …
@NASA
grew up to Mr. John Glenn!! RIP!!!
luceat eis
First WHITE american. not my blood . not my skin colour
god bless.
R.I.P John Glenn
Never let death get in the way of discovery. Mr.Glenn put down the materials for a road to space God speed John Glenn RIP W.M.Y.
Flowers at The Smithsonian in front of Friendship 7
You can add 'perfect timing' to the long list of things he excelled at
Prayers for his Family.  RIP John Glenn
he was a great astronaut and we have lost a great a American may he Rest In Peace
godbless
@DJDelleon FROGSPEED John Glenn you have web feet and a 20 foot tongue like most all other astoNUTS seen them myself!
waw waw
Godspeed John Glenn..
they lied to us about this moon shit
Rip John Glenn great American hero
un grande cuore ! orgoglio dell'umanita ! R.I.P.
#Godspeed, John Glenn#RIP
R.I.P. He really accomplished a big journey
bye Rocketman
Honoring John Glenn
He's in the heaven
:(
Speed is relative.Can be traveled in Light Speed. star orbiting space should live in the city https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tf3xaWP4ims&index=1&list=PLb98UtvfkIQESKrlfqB5B67GDFQxxz-Dd …
RIP
my dad took me to c #JohnGlenn at EWR after his spaceflight.  I was 7.  never saw my dad so excited to see a celebrity. #AmericanHero
mucho ánimo, era un gran hombre
@nprscottsimon #Ohio #RIP
mis condolencias esa foto es un gtan tributo para un eroe lo recordaremos
I'm sorry  his family and beloved friends rest & in peace  everyone will miss u  , i do remember when you set off go to space  /
A TRUE AMERICAN HERO. GODSPEED, JOHN GLENN. AD ASTRA.
WE ARE SADDENED BY THE LOSS OF SEN. JOHN GLENN, THE FIRST AMERICAN TO ORBIT EARTH.
@DMashak , you now have a universe to discover, God bless you John.
To ride the big flame for eternity.
Thes is my hoop
He lived a good and full life.  God has other plans now.
many great people die in December
a true American hero
@UkuleleRambler thank you
Praying.
he was truly the reason we're are better off today.
He was an amazing man. He will be missed.
@WhiteHouse John Glenn, US Marine, astronaut, senator, statesman, American hero.  RIP, sir.  You will be missed.
see you space cowboy
RIP Sen John Glenn
@LivTheDenimLife a great loss. 
Great man, had a long fruitful life. I remember his historic flight.
R.I.P. Pioneer
As we grieve, let us as fellow humans use this moment to commemorate the life of a true pioneer and a hero of mankind.
true American hero
Rip
john accepted Saturn 3 not say I'm in sane but Glenn was a world hero and still I respect and here to a future and new life my friend.
новая звезда в небе рядом с Юрием Гагариным
@AdrianneCurry Pfff, Yuri Gagarin did that first too.
a true American Hero has passed
Great brave American 
R.I.P.
Really the existence of Universal Beings diffusing electronic wave into my brain, so we can't see about, the exploration of Cosmos is!
As an elementary school student in the 60's our school watched tv to see John Glenn orbit earth. So exciting!
Sen. Glenn was one of my first heroes. Amazing man.
Un heroe, un pionero del las estrellas.
Godspeed, Sir- now you have slip't the surly bonds of Earth, reached out your hand and touched the face of God
A true space adventurer
God's speed John Glenn
I remember r as a kid growing up in California, watching him and those to follow him into space and every touch down in the ocean. RIP
Glenn became my hero when I was 6 years old and stayed one through my career on the Space Shuttle Program and beyond.  RIP @NASA
to infinity and beyond Mr Glenn
I met him numerous times @ my job. He was a gentleman and always friendly & would always treat people well. RIP, sir.
john Glenn was an inspirational man it is so sad to he has died
America hero RIP 1921-2016
As you slip through the bounds of earth AND travel through space, you will be protected by God, SIR JOHN GLENN.
A very good man died.  Rest In Peace John Glenn!
Salute soldier of courage / achievement/ service. Journey/dimensions.
Godspeed John Glenn you have inspired many to reach for the stars!
RIP Sen. John Glenn, Around the world and you changed the world... #space #orbit #nasa #hero #astronaut
RIP to Sen John Glenn
a true human hero!
he was the 1st human to orbit our planet. A true legend
RIP John. Happy flights.
My grandpa, Dr. Roy J. Kelly, was his medical monitor from Guam and said his heart rate was very steady while entering atmosphere...
@NASAGoddard yes...AMERICAN LEGEND
let's go back to the moon and build a station there and than on to mars,let's get this done before 2022
RIP and again, Godspeed, John Glenn. Say hi to the others in the great spaceship in the sky. You are all our heroes.
All young ppl have a true hero to emulate. God Speed John Glen.
grazie john sei stato un eroe per tutti noi. Ad astra.
sad
Now you're on stars John...Rip 
John Glenn...star man shining in the sky.
RIP sir.

RIP 
RIP viejo pionero, uno de los primeros hombres que se atrevieron a dejar el jardín tierra.
I still remember watching John Glenn orbiting the earth to this day! God's Speed John Glenn, your are now in the stars.
R.i.p.
@NASA
RIO 
God Speed.  I watched him go up and come down.  Always a hero in my mind.
RIP. Godspeed
Rest in peace John Glenn. A true pioneer of space.
RIP
