As a Republican I am disgusted at what this party is becoming. If no special prosecutor is appointed, you will lose 2018
To get a prosecutor appointed, you need to say a crime was committed. There is no crime
No, prosecutors investigate crimes based on "probable cause" before bringing the charges all the times.
Please name the crime that there is probable cause for believing it happened.
Also see this:
. @jonfavs asked in his podcast what exact charges Comey could possibly bring against the #TrumpCampaign. cc: @docexblog, @JLKirchmeier
I gotta listen to a podcast?  Pls just name a crime and not "obstruction of justice" with no details of who/how/when justice obstructed.
It's a thread open it.
In Senate testimony, most of "Russia" is about propaganda.  Did you ever run across that army of bots? I didn't. And RT is over a decade old
I'm in no hurry to see democrats take control of both houses, but if that's what it takes, because you've already lost most independents
Democrats are the dead party and will remain so.
take off bot
Excuse me, but why would anyone care what a foreign bot wants. You can't even vote.
Ashamed of you Senator! Still allowing Dems to walk all over Us! Where were you: IRS Targeting? Fast&Furious? Benghazi? EmailGate? SpyGate?
Where are you Senator???

It is clear the (1) President lied, (2) Vice President lied, and (3) Attorney General violated the terms of his recusal. THIS IS NOT OKAY. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/862802422783234052 …
#Impeachment
EXCLUSIVE: Sealed Indictment granted against Donald Trump https://patribotics.blog/2017/05/14/exclusive-sealed-indictment-granted-against-donald-trump/ … <--- by @TrueFactsStated and me.
Hahaha hahaha! Some Lunatics actually believe Mensch! Tin foil hat time!
It is not up to the NYT to prove what you are supposed to be doing on the Committee. Do your job! Subpoena the "tapes" and Comey memos.
Mr. Coates could get Comey's notes! Seeing as you don't know anyone with the authority to subpoena those notes. @MarkWarner @SenFeinstein
U need stand for Americans n stop Trump n Russia. If our president can't protect the USA our congress should be!
Doesn't want oversight or an investigation into themselves ,for spying on journalist ,,senators ,republican candidates beside trump
You're more upset about the American people learning of Trump's Russian connections than you are about ... the Russian connections. Wow.

This was checked out two years ago. No evidence of any laws broken. We're investigating Trump's people now. Deal with it.

POTUS-VP-all Civil Ofcs of US shall be removed from Ofc Impeach for & Convict of Treason Bribery or high Crimes & Misdemeanors.
Following latest @nytimes story-q 4 u-if this memo exists what would u do? What about other loyalists including @SpeakerRyan ?

Exclusive: Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian diplomats in their Oval Office meeting last week http://wapo.st/2pOKFnO 
It appears to me the only crime we have is the leakers , yet comey didn't start an investigation , it appears Intel community
There is a clear Trump threat. https://travelingpoet.net/2017/05/12/the-optics-of-trumps-january-27th/ … #18days
You didn't do your job!
we want a special prosecutor!! Now!!!
The FBI an EIGHT Republican-led investigations found she broke no laws. You can't just make up shit to put people in prison you don't like.
Sen Burr, when are you going to Seriously go after these criminal leakers of classified info? They are the biggest security risk
WE WANT TO SEE TRUMPS TAX RETURNS!!!!! DEFEND THE UNITED STATES!!!!
The Republicans wanted Clinton impeached for a oral sex but Trump do what ever you want 2018 around the corner most of America distrust you
Press 4 
#TrumpTaxes
press 4 
#TrumpTape
press 4 
#IndependentInvestigation 
Do Ur job, don't B-Trump loyalist, he is NOT abt America, R U?
Senator, U kno Trump is not well, N Ur history U have seen this B4. Show strength as a leader, it's not abt agenda anymore it's abt America
https://twitter.com/atleecs/status/863035537959120897 …
#IndependentInvestigation
#SpecialProsecutor
#MoneyLaundering
#TrumpRussia
You are a huge reason that Democrats, Media and our enemies use PROPAGANDA to stall and deceive. Stop encouraging them. WTH are you doing.
Never forget the manner in which Comey was fired. A career patriot never deserves such disgusting treatment. Unbelievable!
Richard Burr doesn't care about NC
I live in your district and Im a registered voter.Sir if you choose to go against President Trump then you will lose my vote for sure.
We want a special prosecutor now !!

.@SenatorBurr, #FulfillYourOath & call for a special prosecutor to investigate Russia’s election interference 
No special prosecutor is needed! Just let the FBI - senate  do their investigations-
How bad is it going to get before GOP Congress will remove Trump?  Put country over party for a change!
Now is the time for you to rise above party and be a profile in courage. You could be one, or you could go down as another Trump toady.
I mean he "ASKED COMEY IF HE WAS UNDER INVESTIGATION"!!! REMEMBER WHEN CLINTON WENT ON LYNCH'S PLANE??? Sir, you can't be this blind. Please
Senator, we beg you, this is not dem vs gop. We need a modern day baker, goldwater etc. A true patriot, republicans who stood up 2 their own
He JUST admitted one of (if not the ONLY) reasons he fired Comey was over the russia-trump investigations!!! WAKE THE F--K UP!!!THIS IS BAD!
Ummm...did Trump say in a video interview with Lester that when he decided 2 fire Comey he thought the Russia-trump inves is a hoax??
Is CIA Director Pompeo giving your committee all the information you need? We are watching your work here in NC
Why isn't Paul Manafort listed as a foreign agent? Is Jeff Sessions involved?
I regret voting for you If you can't see Hillary broke the law.
It is sad you are not concerned about the treasonous acts committed by HRC and Obama and the fact comey didn't prosecute. You should resign
Our representatives must stand 4 America not Trump n Russia.  We must find the truth. Having the Russians @White House is pathetic.USA 1st!
Top of the list on your Threat Assesment is sitting in Oval Office! I don't see #Trumprussia on report. #IndependentInvestigation
Haha.....I'm sure he will get right on this!!
I demand a special prosecutor into trump's Russian ties!
Employees fired by Trump:
Sally Yates
Preet Bharara
James Comey

Employees investigating Trump:
Sally Yates
Preet Bharara
James Comey
KEEP DRAINING THE SWAMP SWEET MAN
You know Comey didn't tell Trump he wasn't being investigated! This is a sad, sad joke!
Meet your president America!
Two choices today for Republicans: 
1) man-up 
2) political suicide
You said everyone has come forward to testify, not true! Susan Rice declined. You & Dems only focus on Trump & not spy/LEAKS! @RandPaul
Really, Russians on the French election is more important than the national threat from exposure caused by Weiner's #AwanBrothers ? @POTUS
So Saddle Burr, former tranny & Rancid Prebum PR flak with Devi boy, your chat w/Rod Brownnosenstien live up to expectations?
The Democrats and their lapdog media are attempting the overthrow of a sitting President. Circle the wagons. Fight back now.#MAGA
The future of our republic depends on your next move. Side with the people and call for a special prosecutor.
9 senators and investigators on trump russia over 50 on bengazi .this is starting to look bad
I am not sure if we the people can trust you. Trump is guilty as sin. Empeach
Literally, the #Russian press was in the #ovaloffice with the @Potus while the #American press was banned. WTF!
.@SenatorBurr Trump started voter fraud committee. Could you in Senate start a permanent cyber team to work with Intel? Trump doesn't care.
Thank you senator for take Trump Russia ties seriously.!
We need a independent investigation and special prosecutor that is fully funded. History is watching!!

Never Forget:

When Trump asked Burr to call Reporters to stop the #TrumpRussia stories he said

Yes Sir, Tell Me More & made lots of calls.
Deputy attorney general and FBI contradict White House official story. #IndependentInvestigation
It's funny how when Obama was in office yall wanted Comey out. He's out now your bitching make-up your minds leftwingers
If you read this report or listened you KNOW Russia is a major threat, DO SOMETHING! SPECIAL INDEP PROSECUTOR ASAP!!!
Please don't be illiterate...
You're my senator & I'm beyond pissed ur still stuck on 702! Wtf?! We are in the middle of a Constitutional crisis OUR COUNTRY...
And democracy at stake! You are giving yourself AND party- a very quick death. @GOP will NEVER BE trusted again. Ur a disgrace! U interfered
You wouldn't even sign off to collect evidence to examine if we were at risk. You coward!  #LockEmAllUp #PutinsPuppet #ByeGop
You really need to appoint a special prosecutor to get to the bottom of this. Otherwise this will never go away.
Why isn't the US included in the Regional Threats section? I see no greater threat than our Executive & @GOP Legislative branches
You watch way too much Liberal propaganda. Snowflake.
#NeedIndependentInvestigation
Are you listening Richard. Russia Russia Russia. 
Russia invited into the WH. Why?  PUtin TOLD Trump to!!!
Party above  let see Taxes
DO YOUR JOB
Your Honorable Sen Burr! Please push for the remaining 7 conditions at CLWC to be Presumption to the VA for many Marines are suffering/Dying
You've been a reasonable leader in our govt, willing to hear both sides. Please call for Rosenstein to appoint of an independent prosecutor.
U people need 2 stop this BS-we r SICK 2death of this-theres NOcollusion-indeed-get a special INVEST & lets get 2bottom of HRC/OBAMA ADMIN
Coats is off-topic, wasting everyone's time discussing other topics than  the one at hand. Obstruction of justice...doing Trump's bidding.
The directors of intelligence agencies has dimissed Russian involvement into our election.  The insane far left is hurting Democrat Party!

Are you kidding us? Act like an adult, not a partisan hack and ask for the appointment of a special prosecutor.
Prosecutors R 4 crimes. No crimes have been committed-but by all means-get special INVESTIGATOR-so we can get 2 bottom of HRC/OBOZO ADMIN
Your legacy is on the line sir..you can be like Sam Ervin...or just another political hack... history is waiting
Call for a special prosecutor. It's time to protect our democracy.
mind telling him that its not Nuculer ffs
Rich, we the true Americans & Patriots don't trust you, not at all. You should be totally ashamed of yourself.?
WE ALL are in a constitutional crisis SIR, get off the pot and investigate TRUMP with RUSSIA.  Stop being a REPUBLICAN be an American!!!!!!!
Thank the Lord you are leaving office. Your Russian investigation actions will taint your career forever!!
SPECIAL INDEPENDENT NONPARTISAN PROSECUTOR TIME - no excuses!
