I hope you subpoena Comey's memos. Your voters & the world are watching.
You better get this right.  Country over party, sir.  If fascism takes over, it will be your doing as well as the whole of your party.
Thank you for actually putting America first!
You are useless, Senator. As an R in NC, I am embarrassed for you.
So who are you representing now? Russia? POTUS (see Russia)? NC residents require representation to make education better for all. Retire
Please take your country seriously. We have been attacked by Russia. We must have a special prosecutor. Please be a patriot. Ask for one.
We were attacked by terrorists in the white house 8 years ago and nobody bitched and complained then because yall  were getting yalls
If you stop us vs theming, you may get back to being Americans.

If you can't fly your flag the right way move the out of the country. And further more your another 
It's a symbol of distress, sweety.  Maybe learn about our customs before you comment.
And I AM A BORN AND RAISED AMERICAN AND THAT'S NOT A CUSTOM
Look it up, and stop being so ignorant.
And you're way too old for that color hair.  You look ridiculous.  Grow up and act your age.
He should be reminded of his last sworn testimony.
Make this an open session or recuse yourself! #Trumprussia
Why not let Comey speak in public? Sunlight is the best disinfectant. Come out of the shadows and stop shielding Trump's lies and treason.
Really sir going to loose your sit over money wake up we know and more are going down,,,,

Just another one of Trumps promises that is not being kept. Lock her up!!! lol more like lock him up!!!
Come on.  Both we and he want him to testify in public for the unclassified part of the conversation.  Are you going to allow that?
Better yet, forget the hearings and just move straight to impeachment. Then impeach that lying old klansman AG Sessions, while you're at it.
Ask him why his covering up #ProjectDragnet
#maga
I would like him to testify publicly, including the memos that he routinely wrote post meetings. It seems you are stalling to protect Trump.
Senator, we need you to put nation over party and GET OFF THE CAN! Investigate Russian influence and follow the trail wherever it may lead
Where are the investigations on Susan Rice, Podesta and Lynch? Or is us okay to commit treason if you are Democrat?  #MAGA
Thank you.  I'm a North Carolinian distressed by Trump's disparagement of the former FBI director. I hope you'll speak out.
Country before party.  Please remember this. We are depending on integrity.
Invited? Isn't it required? Let's wrap this thing up and Move on to the real business of the people! Insist Comey testify NOW! We Need JOBS!
You consider him honest/straight shooter, then we all have a problem with people like you in office!  He has changed his stories over & over
Do you support a special prosecutor
No . Clapper says no collusion.
Clapper also said during same hearing he was unaware of what evidence was coming from the counter intelligence side ..
As many times Clapper has been caught in lies u cant believe nothing he says.
Special prosecutor now!
How about open session now that he is fired? Or will that just cause unnecessary alternative facts?
Open session ! Not closed
Fired Comey! Now we have Muller? A Democrat leaning silent type? What The...
Closed meeting continues the coverup & now too many GOP members are likely involved 4 Americans 2 trust any of you to do the right thing.
You are a fraud.  Impeach trump or resign.  You embarrass NC to protect the GOP
The Atlantic-Richardson, Ruckelshaus, and Cox Their example shines nearly half a century later because such a choice remains so rare.
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @SenTedCruz @marcorubio is it a crime for @USAGSessions to perjure himself claiming recusal, then taking
orders from @realDonaldTrump to come up with FAKE REASONS to fire FBI Chief Comey. We have only GOP leeches and spineless bullies when we
Good riddance to Comey who created a two tier justice system.  When is the investigation into Uranium One Deal? An inept civil servant.
A two tier justice system. There is no equality under the law - a standard the Clinton are not held to and the standard everyone is held to.
save our democracy from the evil Trump has brought upon our great nation. His constant denials and obsession are proof #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Richard, the eyes of history are on you right now. Our country is in a fog and you are in a position to show leadership. Let it be so!
Thank you Senator. Forsyth County NC
Your statements show me u r part of swamp that we will drain . All u speaking out against trump defend Comey u r gone next elections
COMEY TOLD OTHERS THAT TRUMP WAS NOT UNDER INVESTIGATION.  STAND UP TO THIS WITCH HUNT.  THE DEMS ARE ROLLING YOU.  GROW A BACKBONE.
america first. not party. not trump. Not McConnell. not ryan. America. We want our country back.
Why closed session??

Another RINO
My suggestion would be to avoid 45/WH staff.  Walk into the hearing your own man...country over Party. Be honorable, please.
Ask #Comey why he didn't insist on an indictment for @HillaryClinton for breaking so many laws? We stand behind our @POTUS
Has he accepted?
Don't fall for fake Narrative no money was asked for Coney screwed up he should have been fired long ago no evidence of Russia
Say something constructive.
Ridiculous, what can he say now that he hasn't already said!
Thank you! Please call for an independent investigation. You will show yourself to be a fearless leader and patriot. #NC is counting on you.

Trump is dangerous! Don't let him get by with everything he does.
Maybe you won't be 'troubled' after the closed session. Have you considered an independent investigation, then we won't be troubled anymore.
Put up or shut up! Wrap it up already
Please ask him why he was not investigating the illegal unmasking of Flynn.. and your constituents wonder why YOU apparently think that's ok
Finally acting like an American instead of GOP party puppet.  Democracy at stake
Russia, Rusia, Russia. RINOs will pay at election time
61% say Trump is dishonest 36% approval #SpecialProsecutor
. Your constituents down home think it's time for a special prosecutor to get to the bottom of what is apparently corrupted administration.
Look doesn't take this long for investigation. We do not need an independent investigation! Have not seen any evidence! Just distraction
You may be doing a great job. Way better than Nunez. But it can't be stressed enough that an independent committee is necessary. For America
Appoint Comey as your Special Investigator. Seems he may be already familiar with the subject matter.
Thank you Senator! Transparency and accountability are needed at this time.
It's reported you only have 9 staffers on this investigation @senatorburr. How are you getting anything done? Others have had 100+?
Y should ppl care about a closed session? We need open hearings to understand what is happening.
Deeply disturbed by this firing-hope to see special counsel appointed.
@susanbr42259458 we demand an Independent Investigation. Trust in you is a thing of the past.
@justabadazz Send a note to @SenatorBurr as Chair of #SenateIntelligenceComm at
217 Russell Senate Off Bldg, Wash. DC 20510 #TheResistance
tell @SenatorBurr we want an #IndependentInvestigation also call his office, but when prompted choose option 2, 1 doesnt work
Ty!
thanks for the RTs. His phone number is 202-224-3154
Enough is enough. The gloves come off! No more "I can't discuss that here bull shit" impeach and imprison entire Trump regime. All must go!
The committee??? You mean the committee planning to take over the US government and put us peons back down in place?
Man u people are all just f****** crooked & need 2 get out of office. Thank God 2018 is around the corner! Say bye bye! Shame on all U!
Now foreign intelligence agencies back up the true story of New York Times abt Russia isn't BS! Like u told reporters!
Well u better clean yourself up!.Right now we're going 2 wrk really hard 2 get u VOTED out of OFFICE! PUT SOME1 else that can b trusted!SMH!
Then Priebus meets w Dep Dir FBI abt New York Times article regarding abt Russian probe story is BS? Then ask u 2 steer away! REALLY?
So WH called u & ask u 2 call reporters steer away from the New York Times article!! About Trump's Associates repeated connections2 Russia?
Americans deserve to know if our democracy has been compromised by a man who meets secretly with Russians in the WH.
I am relieved to hear this. It’s much needed. 

When I voted for you, I thought @GOP cared about American democracy.

Please make that true.
Thank you Senator Burr!
Thank you!
Sad
Thank you. Independent prosecutor, please.
As another NC constituent .... Please do not let us down. Country before party.
So glad you are continuing this valiant, necessary work to preserve our democracy. We are being led by an autocrat. Unacceptable!
McCabe should not be acting director at FBI. He told WH investigation was BS back in Feb. which was unethical. He cannot remain!
Make sure to ask him about his 1st time under oath when he lied..
I wish you & @MarkWarner the very best in your investigation on Russian interference in our elections! Our country desperately needs to know
Whoopsie.
I hope he takes dt down
Thank you Mr. Burr.
It's a start
Thank you for your service...please continue to seek truth and justice!!
The only inclusion is America's voted for Trump. Snowflakes grow up
TRUE PATRIOTS ARE GOING TO TAKE THIS ILLEGITIMATE PRESIDENT/RUSSIAN AGENT DOWN AND TREASONOUS REPUBLICANS ARE GOING TO BE LOCKED UP!
Really is everyone whose tweeting didn't complete  your own election ballot. You let someone from russia complete 4 you? I completed  myself
When are you going to subpoena Loretta Lynch?
I think his testimony should be public. What are you hiding? #ImpeachTrump #VoteThemOut
Thank you @SenatorBurr for your forceful statements. I am yr constituent, and one of many Americans who cares deeply about Russian meddling.
Awesome
Tea party followers like me are getting deeply concerned that you are trying to undermine Trump.  What are you up to Senator?
Regardless of the past, people want the transparency we were promised & DJ has not delivered-this calls for an I P there is no question
glad to see there is still voice of reason Republican Senators in the Senate.
I think it's closed because of classified info. I hope he does testify.
Plz help form a bipartisan coalition 4 Ind. investigation. I'm terrified Trump will break our world. I need to trust results 2 sleep again 
Thank you!
Put country over party and DO YOUR JOB. 
We need a special prosecutor appointed NOW.
@SenatorBurr the country needs transparency including  an independent investigation. Please stand up for our democracy, sir.
When are articles of impeachment going to be drawn up?  Trump is obstructing justice.
@dremmelqueen I would hope you would hire him to run an independent investigation since Trump fears him greatly.
Senator, our country is in CRISIS. We need an independent special investigator. We have faith that you will put country before party, sir.
The real question is.....What will you do?
This was planned before he was fired #justsayin
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/mitch-mcconnell-may-be-making-the-most-important-mistake-of-his-career/2017/05/10/7ea476f6-35ba-11e7-b4ee-434b6d506b37_story.html?tid=sm_tw&utm_term=.b4f2f281caae … Yes. Trump is hiding his corruption (badly). .@SenateMajLdr wants it to stay hidden because he's corrupt too.
You still need to push the Justice department to have an independent prosecutor. It's clear the DOJ is working for the WH and not the people
I've never had any confidence whatsoever that Comey was capable of adequately protecting my family and I couldn't care less what you think.
Respectfully why wouldn't the senate Rs want outside independent investigator? what is the downside? Everyone who opposes looks guilty
Only butt hurt dems calling for special prosecutor. They didn't vote for you& they never will. Your voters will fire u if u act like a rhino
Question - in closed session can classified material/info be given?
Sir, you are the Democrats best friend.  Hillary committed a crime and Comey did nothing!
What's this Burr?
get to the truth.if nothing to hide, why not
and THEN you'll demand an independent counsel to investigate Trump?
Ohhh Lord, I pray that Jim Comey comes in to meet with y'all.
I KNOW he has a WEALTH of information...that got him FIRED!
Lord HELP US!
@CNN
What are you hiding? This should be an OPEN HEARING 4 US Citizens to hear! The US people pay your salary & have a right to all hearing OPEN
Thank you @SenatorBurr    Country before party.  #NC
Thank you
Sen. Burr Comey laid out MULTIPLE FELONIES, Hillary had committed then let her go! OBVIOUSLY, Obama ordered it! Comey is CORRUPT! GET A GRIP
Too little. Too late. 
Independent counsel. 
I love my country. 
Please don't let Trump destroy it.
that meeting that happened Tuesday must have forced Trumps hand in firing Comey, their on the right track to Trump colluding.
R u ok with his secret meeting w/ Russians today? Y only Russian press allowed?  Seems GOP is aiding & abetting cover up by not speaking out
Please help!!!!!  If he is a traitor, he can't be allowed to get away with it.
I am aware that this is your last term. I ask that you consider your legacy, and uphold your duty to this country. Please do right by us.

If you sincerely care about this nation which you swore to protect, you will join in the demands for a #SpecialProsecutor.
Country or party? You can’t have both in the age of Trump.
Trump is not a republican. More of a fascist megalomaniac,unguided mouthy liar. Ie:trumptard #impeachtrump
Why wait till Wednesday!!!!  Been going too slow already.
A good start.
We're counting on you to lead us out of this mess. Please follow the evidence wherever it leads. Be brave. Have courage. Godspeed!
Why are you not supporting an independent investigation? The American people demand the truth! Not biased half truths! Please be a patriot
phone is busy-this can not be delayed. I am concerned about the people simply going French Revolution style on our gov. Do the right thing
Standing tall! Do NC proud.
Great! Dir Comey needs to testify!  Americans deserve the truth.
He can't tell you anything.  Well he doesn't have to.  You know what all the secrets are.  It's time you let the American people know also.
Country over party, please mean what you say and start independent investigation
We The People,  do not trust any GOP Senator at this point to do what is right
Senate Intel. Chairman Richard Burr (R-NC) - "To suggest that I’d be for a special prosecutor would say I don’t think I can do my job."
Gah! It would absolutely not say that. My senator, sigh.
Thank you for inviting Comey. It's time to put the interests of our nation above partisan self-interest. Please appoint an indeped. invest
Thank you, Senator.  We need an independent investigation as well, though.
Ever hear you are so off base. This is pathetic

Bravo! You've found your #TruePatriot inside then??? #CountryFirst
https://twitter.com/LeahR77/status/862180208069267456 …
The Democrats are in complete meltdown, unhinged, believing their own lies, destroying their own party  - what's left of it.
Last I checked most of the internal disagreements are within the GOP over Trump. Trump actually made the Dems into a much more united front.
Ask him how much money his brother made working for the @ClintonFdn
Thank you senator.  A patriot
Thank you @SenatorBurr Please make sure an #IndependentInvestigation happens!!! This is beyond partisanship now! #ComeyFiring
