.@SenatorBurr @ThomTillis - Y'all think we were pissed BEFORE? You've sold out OUR KIDS - you haven't seen angry yet  #dumpBurr #dumpTillis
I think Burr isn't running again... But we are coming for you Thom in 2018!

@chachina @Varidienne @SenatorBurr @ThomTillis
Running or not, we'll make next 6 years Hell for @SenatorBurr & @ThomTillis. Your townhalls/phones will never be quiet again
ADD Burr & Tills to your list!  They MUST be replaced!
I think a strong candidate in the model of @JasonKander would do well in NC race.
@WhereIsMyUSA @chachina @SenatorBurr @ThomTillis
I'll check him out!  Just followed him and would love to learn more!  I'm In
Yep he's MO SoS thats leading a campaign to fight voter suppression now.
@WhereIsMyUSA @JasonKander @chachina @SenatorBurr @ThomTillis
Remember Trump took funding away from ACA first day, so they waiting til premiums go up to do anything!!
43,200 all we need to know!
only $43,200.  Man that's a deal.
@Mike_Beacham
DeVos almost paid you $1000 per word for that party line yes-man puppet response. You are spineless and she is in over her head
as soon as you announced this was your last term, I worried whose interest you would serve.  Now we know.  #shameful
I see you failed to mention how much she paid for your vote. Curious.
Sad you chose party over kids.  And I'm a Republican.
Won 't read.  Just make sure guns are in schools for all those grizzly attacks we read about
pos
Shes just an ignorant woman who gave millions to the GOP.  She was shocking-BAD MOVE on your part
Shame on you
You have no integrity.
@BetsyDeVos @IndivisibleNC5 So this is what a DeVos campaign donation buys. Selling out our kids, schools, teachers
your support of Ms. DeVos is shameful.
$ and that money is nice as always
But @SenatorBurr got less than @SenThomTillis, and only half as much as @SenatorRubio. Sad!
she bought her way in, we will VOTE YOU OUT PROMISE!
how about putting in that statement just how much money she has contributed to you.
wrong vote ..Watch the next election
It's a shame that your vote can be bought Burr. Glad that you are on your way out since you have no concern for constituents.
It may not be a DeVos-level campaign contribution, but here's my donation to you, sir.
Was it worth not listening to the people you represent? God, I'm so tired of you
Idiot
Keep bragging--voters won't forget. Keep going, though--you'll need to get a REAL job soon.
Pitiful excuses for selling public education to the highest bidder.
You didn't listen to us, why should we listen to you? My son relies on public education and IDEA...you sold him out.
NC voters deserve a response that actually addresses their concerns w/ DeVos not a weak PR release.
Shame, shame, shame. When is this Senate seat up for reelection?
: Sir, many constituents called, emailed and wrote to you. Shame for ignoring them.
bs, bs, bs!
thanks for your support and not listing to the people.  Will return in kind in 2018.
haven't you ever heard "don't mess with a mama (or papa) bear?" Well, Burr you just messed with a whole bunch of em, Good luck
you should be ashamed. She can't answer common sense questions. Guess campaign donations "trump" our kids, eh?
So glad a $43,500 "contribution" is more important than the education of the future leaders of this country.
ALL of our children deserve a good education. Not just the ones who have parents that can afford it!
looking forward to the day NC votes you out.
this just cost you any reelection chances. Have you, or anyone related to you, ever attended public school?
how do you sleep at night? You have no principle. You're a repulsive person. Shame on you.
SHAME!!! Padded your pockets. Public education will be de funded and "choice" will be government funding for the private sector
you should be voted out of office along with all your cronies. Shameful
Nice! Please continue to put people with the opposite of qualifications in positions of power.
how many North Carolinians wanted her in that position? you chose her donations over the preference of the people you represent
I can think of 43,000 reasons why you voted for her. You were bought. The only qualifications she has is her checkbook.
DO NOT VOTE FOR ANY REPUBLICANS AGAIN!! BECAUSE OF THIS GUY!!!
WE MUST DO MORE THAN NOT VOTE FOR THIS TRAITOR< PROTEST HIS PRESENCE IN NC> HE SHOULD NO LONGER BE ALLOWED IN NC!!!
Hope you enjoyed the $43,200 she gave you. You will go out in shame.
Hope they pay you enough for turning your back on the children.  Coward.
I'm one of your constituents.  Did you write her a receipt when she bought this position from you?
boooooooooo
You voted for an Incompetent, who bought her way into a 
Cabinet seat.
Thanks for reminding us how little you care for the students of NC and the nation.
shame on you for approving. 2018 is coming.
Do you thank her for the $40K she paid for your vote #NCpol #RESISTANCE
#shame
.@SenatorBurr here. I saved you the time and made a visual aid you can use to explain why you confirmed Betsy DeVos.
how do you sleep at night? You do realize this is a really important position right?
You chose party over children. You're a hack and a fraud.
.@SenatorBurr what are ya gonna do with the $43,200 she gave ya ya complete fraud?! Man you ain't foolin no one!
your vote was purchased.
She is grossly unqualified and you know it.  #MoneyTalks #ShameOnYou #TryListeningToYourConstituents
#shame
SHAME!!!! Your vote was bought and paid for! #PaytoPlay
.@SenatorBurr you voted against your constituents and for someone who paid you handsomely. Good to know where your priorities lie.
Will you release the call/email statistics your offices received about DeVos vote?
what about the attempts of the voters who oppse her?  Are those phone calls a distraction for you?  You are bought and paid for
LOOK FOR A NEW JOB! You were bought like a cheap suit.
serving only yourself again and not the will of the voters. Nothing new here
did that statement come with the check she sent you or did she let you type it all by yourself?
listen to the people not the campaign contributions
you sold your soul  #shameful
, is it true you accepted money from DeVos and her family? If so, why did you not recuse yourself? Large #COI.
Good luck getting reelected. You have ignored North Carolinians wishes.
NC wants DeVos. Good vote! Thank you Senator for supporting NC's wishes.
Her position was bought with donations to you and other republicans. This is shameful and our children will suffer.
in the style of your so called president....sad!
you should be embarrassed and ashamed of your vote for an unqualified candidate
spineless coward… that 50k must be better than our futures education.
You should be ashamed of yourself! She bought and paid for your vote!
I will be holding you responsible for this confirmation.

Unless it begs the forgiveness of all of the public school children, your constituents don't want to read it.
Bought and paid for by 43,200 dollars. Do you get that much for each Trump nominee or do prices vary?
Bet it took longer to spend her campaign donation than it did for you to write that press release...I hope to be wrong, but...
You are wrong about this one, Senator, and it was an important wrong too. The voters will remember this one. That is all.
Shameful! You didn't listen to the citizens of NC and sold our children's future, then put the blame on others.
Thank you sir!!  We need to keep the Trump Train moving!
Campaign Slogan for anyone running against @SenatorBurr:  He Voted YES on @BetsyDeVos.  Enjoy your last term.
Bad decision.
Incredibly disappointed. Your office was overwhelmed with calls against DeVos, and you ignored your constituents completely.
Playbook for Success:

1) Pocket cash from big donors
2) Ignore constituency
3) Blame Dems to deflect responsibility
4) The end
So you sold out NC's children for $43,200? Shame on you!!!
YES Adam tell dick how it is 
Shame. You are either too stupid or too corrupt to see how DeVos will add to that "very real struggle" for public education.
That is so disgusting that you would put money before our children and grandchildren. She is unqualified. You don't care.
Very disappointed. You put politics (#bigdonor) before our NC children.
Sen. Burr confirmed for King of the Swamps! Congrats!
I am a real person who called your office. I am a registered independent. This woman is not qualified
your statement doesn't give one reason to support her. Besides the 40k donation, WHY would you confirm? Name one reason pls.

Another decision you will regret come re-election,BIGLY!!
Shame on you. You obviously do not care for our children and teachers. We will not for you again.
Shameful
This does not say WHY you voted for her!  Are you saying that education in YOUR STATE is lacking?  Please explain yourself
You needed to listen to your constituents.
Just remember - You stated she's qualified even though she said schools should have guns for bears.
interesting perspective, sir. My question: do you believe you voted the voice of the people of NC? I do not believe you did.
you care nothing about public education. I hope you get attacked by those dangerous bears Betsy is gonna protect the kids from
You failed to listen to your constituents. You only listen to money. You have failed.
you should probably visit with your constituents more. #nc #teachers are sad, upset & disappointed by your vote. #ncpol
shame on you
Thank you
no recognition whatsoever of constituent concerns? None at *all*? #shame
Nice twist, trying to say that blocking this evil troll is hurting education!  Using @POTUS propaganda team now?
Shameful. Will remember next election not to vote for you
u don't deserve ur office
.@SenatorBurr You and @SenThomTillis took her money and doomed the children. Bravo. Make America uneducated again!
Good job making sure you didn't release this before the vote was taken. #sellout
Feeling the love Senator!!
please list specifics.  Your statement on DeVos is extremely broad.
Sellout much?  How much did DeVos contribute to your campaign?  The children will suffer for your lack of integrity #votehimout
it's a bullshit statement clearly bought and paid for.
democrats will be voted in for 2018 !! You and @SenThomTillis are a disgrace !!
yes, Devos has dedicated her life and millions to trying to "help" children- has it worked? NO! Look at the evidence!
, ASHAMED to have you "represent" our state. You don't represent NC; you represent yourself.
since you're not running again, you could've done the right thing and protected grandchildren from someone that is clueless !!
cram it where the sun doesn't shine!
This is one of the worst days in American history.  The @GOP is full of #Putin loving, USA hating puppets.
Youve failed the children of NC. We will not forget. McCrory is gone and youre next.  NC people unite when it matters! #devos
@SenThomTillis what do y'all have to say to NC's public school educators today? Betsy DeVos wants to tear their hard work down.
you are an embarrassment to this country and will have to answer to our children and your grandchildren !! What a shame !! POS
Big Mistake #DICK.  HUGE. (Spoken in Trumpanese) Your 'constiuents' will remember you at the Poll.  #noregardforthechildren
You are corrupt.  Admit that you had voluminous requests from constituents like me to vote no for DeVos.
proud Illinois stood for what is right on this vote. @SenFranken had the best argument. Reelect those who do their job
how about an explaination of what exactly you think she'll improve.
you're a sellout. You can't honestly believe that she will be good for children.
#partyfirstcountrysecond Great job confirming one of your donors. #boycottbudwiser #cantboycottwhatyoucantspell
you are a joke. #weakman. Way to disregard NC children's future.
Party over Country is evil DIck and you will be done next cycle!
please tell me what experience Betsy DeVos has. but I saw that she gave you a hefty financial donation Mr Burr.

By the way, I did notice that she's paid you over $43,000.00 in donations. That hasn't escaped public scrutiny.
.@SenatorBurr NO. I am so disappointed in you. She's devoted her life to UNDERMINING PUBLIC EDUCATION. This is not okay.

You were elected to represent the people of NC. You are failing miserably. Shameful vote that NC'ians will not forget.
.@SenatorBurr North Carolinians DID NOT WANT THIS. Might your support have something to do with the amount of money she gave you?
.@SenatorBurr sell out, our children will pay the price for your greed. I hope you buy yourself something pretty with all that cash.
boo
You are useless. Just because you aren't running again doesn't mean you shouldn't represent what your constituents want.
Make no mistake. We will vote you out next election!
Unfortunately, Burr won't be running again. So work to fill his seat. You can vote out @ThomTillis though.
Burr should not be allowed in NC, protest his very presence in NC, KICK HIM OUT OF NC!!!
too bad you couldn't stand with both NC families and NC educators. Disappointed
I am disappointed in you as my Senator today.
you are a traitor to our children. I hope you can sleep at night
Shame on you! Our children deserved better. You didn't listen us, your constituents and instead voted with your pocket!
"Betsy DeVos has dedicated her life to improving education" ARE YOU KIDDING? I would love to see ACTUAL evidence of this.
how to fail at being our representative.
how is she going to do this sell our children's education to the highest bidder---HUGE MISTAKE
you should be ashamed of yourself. You put dirty DeVos money above our children.
Good luck getting reelected.
He's not going to run again, thank Christ
why should we read your statement or listen to you if you don't listen to us? Shame on you.
#shame
