U need to stand behind the @POTUS We the people voted him in. Congress needs 2 start backing him,they r trying 2 divide us #Istandwithtrump
When will you begin to support your president?  RECESS?  @SenThomTillis is an embarrassment.  28761
You mean like @POTUS threatened w/ impunity (and a startling lack of understanding about DPRK) today? When will @GOP do its job and remove?
Bwahahahaha.  Anyone else looking into Faraday cages?  Just me?
Does Richard Burr ever respond to us??? Still waiting..,,
FYI. We are watching you on how you carry out Trump's agenda. If you go against him,I promise that you will be out
Were you wearing a brown shirt when you typed this?
No why
Google it ya dink
Google what dink
Not gonna do your homework for ya, muffin
.@SenatorBurr #NC would like a #TownHall for you to explain your position on #NorthKorea plus other subjects. Schedule? #indivisiblesNC
Sanction is an ambiguous term.  You would do better to explicitly state what is being done.
We need more diplomatic approaches towards nk not threats

Nuclear deterrence is only effective if threats are deemed credible, bluster hurts our national security posture
America needs to cool our jets and stop threatening nuclear apocalypse!   This administration and congress are out of their f'ng minds!
Yes they are doing something, what about you?
Very pleased with the Administration's work through the UN. However, very displeased with the President's "fire & fury" impulsive barking.

Nuclear deterrence is only effective if threats are deemed credible, bluster hurts our national security posture
But it's OK 4 unhinged, uninformed 45 to talk abt going to war with "fury?"  How many more conflicts can the GOP start around the world?
Senator Burr.... I would like to know if you agree with Trump, with his response to North Korea. ???
Has he responded ?
Ya the Donald screwed the pooch on that one today. I hope we're all still here and breathing tomorrow.
Please PLEASE closely monitor the POTUS. Keep North Carolinians and the rest of the country and its outposts safe.
I'm sure they're shaking in their boots
Have Putin take him and his generals out.
You have apperantly not been watching news. 45 has threatened NK...I think that makes 45 threatening them...impunity? SHUT HIM UP!!!!!
Please resign. You are no good
I agree. I only wish we could screen the expressions of the president. There's a time & place 2 say anything. Twitter is neither in threats.
What are you doing about Chemours/Dupont threatening a clean Cape Fear River and drinking water safety? #genx #pfoa
. In NC, those who voted for @HillaryClinton never will forget that you voted for Trump. You helped create the monster.
You and all the other Republicans are responsible for Trump now that's he's prez. Do something please
Why have you surrendered your committee to Mark Warner? "Grow a pair"!!
Thank You
I do not Trust Richard Burr, he put party ahead of Country !
But are China and Russia going to do anything? They are still allowed to trade oil and textiles.
Please keep Drumpf's tiny hands away from the football.
Will Congress step in so our President doesn't get us into a nuclear war with N. Korea.  We need sanity back in our foreign interactions!!!
Are you ready to repeal like you promised? Are you ready to stand up and support my president? In watching ALL OF YOU
GOP needs to take control of Trump's mouth before people get nuked because of it.
. Lesley You need to know history..japan and germany..backing down will get you in a war
Do your job. Repeal O care. Lower tax rates or u will b gone
time to get ready to strike at them with a lethal punch.
what are your thoughts on trumps statement???
Senator Burr, U.N. Sanctions are OK, but our Unstable President is threatening the NK Unstable Leader, who has murdered his own relatives???
@SenatorBurr  Can y'all do something about this. statement from Pres Trump is dangerously escalating the situation.
"Fire and fury" against North Korea. Sharp Trump words. Deterrence or preemption? Crisis clearly escalates. 
If we back down on war games and mock nuking them we may get further from war.  #nomorewar #industrialwarmachine
What do you think about the Idiot-in-Chief’s saber rattling? He hasn’t got the intelligence to outsmart N Korea without killing thousands.
Yes, but Senator: Is the president going to enter us into a nuclear war?
You best get behind Trump agenda or NC voters I'll sanction you
No we won't and also he does not care. Especially that he's not running for reelection.
Burr, what the heck are you talking about? This was on SATURDAY. This is TUES & we have 60 nukes aimed at us! Just go back to sleep!
I voted for you and I support you but we voted Trump in for a reason. Please don't let us down.
Now if we only had a clever, measured, statesman of a national leader who didn't scare the bejeezus out of everyone, that would be good.

Nuclear deterrence is only effective if threats are deemed credible, bluster hurts our national security posture
You mean like YOUR BOY just did at Bedminster?
For our servicemen/women, I pray the sanctions work & N Korea backs down.
it appears to me not working very well enough and North Korea going attack that what it say
There's a nutcase leading Korea. Kind of like the nut case we have for POTUS. #impeachtrump
A billion in sanctions. Isn't that what Exxon mobil scrapes off his show every night before he goes in the house?
did u just hear the idiot in charge threaten nuclear war??!! Wake up!!  #Countrybeforeparty
No man, that shit is done.  Now we nuke each other.
Your the biggest RINO in the Senate. Time to quit bashing @realDonaldTrump and support his agenda!
