I have found Director Comey to be a public servant of the highest order.
His dismissal further confuses an already difficult investigation by the Committee.
ur disturbing. If ur confused. Resign. Ur waste of taxpayer $ is criminal. Comey is corrupt. Proven fact. US voters demand end.
Okay! I hope you will pursue vigorously - you must find out what's rotten in Denmark. How many Russian operatives are in the WH?
'Troubled' is not the same as actually doing something. Want to be a patriot? Do something to fix this.
thank you, senator. Left a message at your office this evening. The people of NC are counting on you to do the right thing
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/richard-burr-donald-trump-north-carolina-235319 … Recuse.
Understatement of the day. But I'm delighted you're on it.
A week after his testimony, where he screwed up, and had a minion explain today?
Then do something about it, sir. You're one of the FEW who are in a position to take action. We can't afford for you to just be troubled.
We are losing faith in you and the @senateGOP as an institution that still stands for our democracy.
You and me both, my friend.
Call for an independent investigator...now!
It's time to stand up, Senator, and call for a special prosecutor.
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Troubled- not strong enough
You should be more than just troubled..you should be acting. Time to put away the partisan pants and remember the office you were elected to
We are one, today there's no Democrat or Republican, we all lose if we cut of the head of our democracy.
#Comey
THIS!!! I agree 100%. I don't understand y any1 wouldn't want an investigation. If u r sure 45 is innocent, there's nothing 2 worry about.
How about you DO something about it. Saying you are troubled isn't nearly enough. Save our democracy!!!! It's a coverup and you know it.
Please be more than troubled. ACT.  Pursue this investigation with double the passion.
#DoYourJob
I'm not sure I I believe you, but please demonstrate by recusing yourself from #trumpRussia investigation. Thanks
LAST BUT NOT LEAST, GET HIS KIDS OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE.THEY DONT BELONG. BELIEVE IT OR NOT THE ARE DUMBER THEN HE IS.
We need independent investigation. No Sessions involvement at all. Our Constitution is at stake.
russia used coverup 4seth rich murder dnc whistleblower 2wikileaks,comey coverup all hillary crimes/murders
Time to do something about it and stop just being disappointed in him.
If you are truly worried you better step up! #IUSA & im truly sick of party before country crap! If you DO NOTHING then YOURE COMPLICIT!
You & me both?
No duhhhh
ahahahah
Now that you've aired this publicly, do something. 

Your fellow Americans are pleading with you.
No shit. You gonna do anything about it this time, or continue to give Trump a pass as you let us slide closer to a full-fledged autocracy?
This isn't going too end well for ANY of you.  Unless of course, you do the right thing NOW.
What reasoning is that?  You already know what has been found out?
Have a chat with DepAG. He's very clear. Sound reasoning. How fast did you want him to be?? He's only been in the job 3 weeks.
Please, sir, we need an independent investigation. To fire the person investigating you is extremely suspicious. Nixon all over again.
Sick of your double talk @SenatorBurr. Are you a patriot or part of the treason?
Thank you for expressing concern. We need an independent investigation. Please support.
We need a special prosecutor
They need to drop RICO on these fuck boys. This is just another form of organized crime
I read somewhere the case they have going in NY is basically going to be a RICO case. 
Yes!!!!
Jeff Sessions lied under oath. Anyone else would be in prison. Tom Price made millions on insider trading. Anyone else would be in prison...
And the list goes on
Exactly. Even Martha Stewart did some time!
You should be
Special Prosecutor
Also, I love your loyalty to your distinctive car.
#SpecialProsecutor
Please put country brfore party and act accordingly.
Your actions here might truly dictate the legacy of your long and distinguished career.
"Tweet a platitude" troubled or "actually grow a set and do something" troubled?
Who cares what you think? Do your job and investigate the spying on americans by the Obama administration.
"And in fact when I decided to just do it, I said to myself, I said 'you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story,"
Comey is a LIAR and a nutbag! Support the Prez!!
Words are pretty, but what will you DO about it? This is a time for action by our leaders, otherwise the republic will be lost.
Independent investigation into all concerned, immediately.
Having doubts about your hero Trump eh?
Senator since you are troubled by this & intelligence you have received please do something honorable besides tweeting --special prosecutor
Great. Call for a special prosecutor. Enough is enough. This is literally threatening the Constitution.
You should be more than troubled. You should choose your country and do the right thing now. Push the investigation not the cover up!
We are troubled that you publicly remarked on an " ongoing investigation" lololol. Isn't that what you guys been complaining about?
@SenatorBurr NC, I have spent a lot of time in Fayetteville, 4 family members served in Army there. Unite, resist for our military at least
I have been fortunate to not lose one. However, trump is unfit to be CIC of our troops, our nation. It is time you & GOP soldier up 
#Comey
I like your style 
Thank you @SenatorBurr  for looking into this - from this registered and active NC voter
Duh I am  by 90% of DT actions.   see what GOP leaders can get done despite DT #transport #tax reform#realhealthcare watchout at mid term
Isn't this obstruction of justice? Trump said the way Comey handled the Russia investigation played a role in his decision to fire him......
Now that you know the firing of Comey was to obstruct justice, DO something about it as a Senator, not as a Republican!
and then there's @PreetBharara @DAGYates 36 subpoenas issued the same day hours before comey was fired then
manafort
flynn
alpha bank
etc
"troubled." is that the same as "losing my shit?" if so, i know how you feel!
I'm still trying to find the non angry part of myself again since this news broke... 
in the best of times, my non-angry part is a shy creature. does this LOOK like the best of times??
How can you be impartial when you're have "great conversation" w/Trump this morning?Does an investigator usually have great convo w/suspect?
Save it, you know damn well, that if there was anyting there, you would have found it by now.  move the hell on...
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! Become history's most influential Burr! SURPRISE US!
We all are. Wanna impeach Trump yet?
American people deserve to know truth about Trump's connections to & involvement in Russian hacking. Please demand independent investigation
Stand up like @SenJohnMcCain and ask for a select committee to investigate....being "troubled" and not acting is NOT OKAY!
so troubled you wont do anything but tweet? Where is a Senator Baker to ? the hard ?'s cause apparently u not.
Please do something about it, don't just tweet...act. Country over party, please @SenatorBurr
I'm troubled by the lack of Comey not doing his job
Please for love of country call a special prosecutor.
Sen Burr You have great resposibilty, Must be principles over Party and next generation kids ask you why you did not act right?
So troubled he's doing nothing about it.
TIme for an independent investigation
What are you going to do about it?
have you read the letter from the deputy AG? The letter says it all, now your questioning the deputy AG reasoning? You sound like Comey now!
Please help make sure the Trump campaign ties to Russia are fully investigated. Comey's firing casts a shadow over the White House.
Troubled? What did you think was going to happen? You and your fellow senators need to step up. This is about country. Do the right thing.
How troubled are you #SenatorBurr? You have the power as Chair of #Senate Intelligence Cmte to #makehistory. Will you #save the #Republic?
Then demand a #SpecialProsecutor . Otherwise, you're all talk, no action.
Please lead the Rep. charge to appoint an independent counsel to investigate Trump. This has gone too far. Our democracy is at risk.
Hillary would have ax him too. The guy had baggage all over DC. Plus there is nothing wrong with putting a new sheriff in town.
You are not a good man or a republican you are a greedy two face what you are doing is sending you home to your big fancy house
Forget troubled. Time for an independent investigation.
Thank you......country before party
We need a REAL investigation without party politics.
clearly compromised committee members have been evident in every public hearing. Asking ?s abt anything but Russia.
if only the constitution had a form of checks and balances built into it.
Special prosecutor. Now.
.Timing? No Good Time! 
Reasoning? Everyone knew he needed firing!
LorrettaNeedsLynching -KilledComey w"I'llAcceptTheFBI'sRecommendation."
Too bad so many of your Republican colleagues don't share your sentiment.
Your lies have left you with no credibility. Show us you are "troubled" and get independent prosecutor ASAP. Then maybe we will believe you.
Talk is cheap... action needed now
And then this morning rolled around and you are fine with it.
DO SOMETHING! A dictator is being created! Is this what you want? Congress is next So his power grows! COME ON! See the writing!!!
Do the right thing.  Optics look bad for the Admin but hopefully truth will win out in the end. Stand up for our country. We are democracy!
How many levels of fake indignation past "troubled" do we have to go through before you actually do something?
You better get way past "troubled" or be considered a co-conspirator from derilection and inaction. The time for troubled has past.
I'm troubled that you are still serving in the US Senate
Timing: "term not up" "Trump/Russia investigation accelerating" 
Reasoning: "word salad" "lies" "flip-flops" 
#Trump #Comey
This is a bullsh*t statement.  If you were truly troubled you would get an independent commission together to get to the bottom of this.
Yet you will not call for a special  prosecutor. Shame on you for putting party before nation
What are you going to do?  We need Republicans to act on behalf of the country, not yourselves.  Being troubled is not enough.  ACT
Timing indeed. The New York Times just reported that days before his firing, Comey asked for an EXPANSION OF HIS INQUIRY!
Be troubled then. Bunch of pantywaists. He's tough made a good decision. If you can't take the heat please let a real man work
WE HAVE A NUT IN THE WH, IT IS TIME TO DO SOMETHING!
Thanks for your honesty and speaking up when something doesn't look right.
As a constituent, being troubled does nothing. Take action. Talk is cheap.
But you have not been troubled to conduct a full and transparent investigation into Russian interference with our 2016 election.
special prosecutor please!!!!
I am troubled that Republicans eat their own. When was the last time you saw a democrat investigate another democrat?
Are you troubled enough to publicly admit Trump is unfit & unsafe for America or will you let him burn down America because he's Republican?
Is Guiliani in DC to do something w data? He is under i investigation so he can't be a pick???
Please do something. From a fellow North Carolinian.
Please appoint a special prosecutor.
Swell. Please @SenatorBurr lead the call in Senate for Independent Commission to do thorough investigation of Russian Interference. 
What are you going to do? Probably nothing, like all GOP.
Troubled. That's rich. If you had one ounce of integrity, you would start impeachment proceedings on Trump
As your constituent, I thank you for making this statement.  #RussiaInvestigation
Talk is cheap. Appoint an independent prosecutor NOW!
Then do something about it. We need an special prosecutor & an independent investigation. You need to subpoena wittinesses for Sen committee
You should be a lot more than troubled. Your President is out of control. A danger to us all.
U should b more than troubled! Do ur job and call for a special prosecutor!
We need Congress to launch an independent investigation. What are you going to do about it? #cltrise
Trouble enough to be against Special Prosecutor. Says he will remain in charge of Senate investigation i.e., no investigation. #nixontrump
I've lost total faith in our government. Democracy, truth and country have taken a back seat to politics. Sad for my kids.
This news has headlined BBC news in the UK .
You're "troubled"? Bully for you, Trump's-pal! Meanwhile, I want to still live in a DEMOCRACY. So I guess I'm "troubled" too.
You're suspect
Call for independent commission or shut up. You get no credit for false platitudes here.
Do your part to support an impartial investigation into this situation.
Senator Burr, every day this paranoid man is allowed to remain in office is a threat to democracy & the world. He has the codes.
"THE ONLY THING NECESSARY FOR THE TRIUMPH OF EVIL IS FOR GOOD MEN TO DO NOTHING." - Edmund Burke
do the right thing- our country is at stake. Don't let this be considered normal!
So do something about it. #impeachtrump
Senator Burr, thank you for doing the right thing and speaking out. History won't look kindly on those who conceal truth right now.
Your constituents are more than "troubled", sir.  ACT now
SO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!!  Country before party????
Does Burr have trouble with OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE? Why can't the GOP's be Americans and not ME ME ME FIRST. They Work for US AMERICANS
Sorry Steve, they don't think we pay em enough so they switched other party! GOP-Party Of Putin!
i hope you are prepared to do something about it
Stop being troubled and concerned. If you have one patriotic bone in your old body, get busy rectifying. Special Counsel now.
As one of your constituents, I urge you to take action now!
no shit!!??
It's Time Our Senators work as the Constitution stated . Justice and Democracy is at Stake.This is OUR Government, Not Trump's. Your Oath.
Call for a special prosecutor.
You should be, senator. Make sure that your Senate leader knows that as well. It's not only history that's watching you, it's the present.
Then please do something about it
Please do something about it for the sake of our country!
Get over it. Quit the faux concern and stop obstructing the  work of the new administration! WE citizens chose TRUMP!
Firing Comey does not change Russian investigation but now FBI can truly investigate Hillary. Dems are scared
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. Otherwise more empty words
So do something about it
Please do not let our republic die like this. You need to do something.
Timing is everything.
With respect Senator, you need to bring Comey now to lead an Independent Commission and continue his investigation, who better, take advtg.

Then be moved to action sir.
Ya think?
Why not support an independent investigation then? #PartyOverCountry?
Well I'm glad to see you can see the other side of this administration now,  unlike the election where you "were with Trump"
Senator, we'd like to know the "rule of law" still means something in America. Pres cannot be above the law. Investigation must be honest.
TIME FOR AN INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR...
So Trump already called and threatened YOU- be a man, standup to Trump and run multiple investigations
if there's nothing to hide, have a special investigation, GOP using this time to grandstand! #InvestigateTrump #DoTheRightThing
You should DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. empty words.
continue your work but also call for Assistant AG Rosenstein to commission an independent investigation. We are counting on you
brazen attempt at cover up, Independent Prosecutor please!!!!
@GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan How long must this mockery of Democracy n kangaroo Presidency go before #Congress acts on behalf of #USA ?
So do something about it.
GOOD! Thank goodness! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!
Do something, stand up & act! Make your parents proud! It's not that hard
Empty words senator unless you stand up and demand a full investigation.  Are there any republicans who care about the republic?
I am troubled by your tweet, sir. Please, put country above party, now.
I'm sure you didn't become a senator 2 aid in our foundations of democracy being dismissed & dismantled. Please help protect & restore them.
Bully for you, Senator. What are you going to DO about it?
Please organize your right flank and call for commission.
You have just reached the first time anything has come out of your mouth that I agree with. Must check on freezing status of hell...
Then do something or be in collusion with trump and his treason. We don't trust the GOP to do what's right. We think you'll sell us out.
Chair Burr, please for the good of our country recommend a special prosecutor to investigate the Russian/ Trump connection & bus. conflicts.
You know very well Twitler fired him for doinghis job and investigating him. We will watch your actions, not your words Sen Burr.
And I am troubled by you being troubled. Troubling isn't it. Trouble trouble trouble when Trump tries to save America. It's troubling.
Then move to appoint a special prosecutor. If you don't, your words are meaningless.
Have Comey be Special Prosecutor or head of investigation into Russia ties Comey is trustworthy
than sir call for #IndependentInvestigationNow thank you. History and the world are watching
EVERYONE SHOULD B!!!
Then do something about it!!!!!
Time to take the gloves OFF Senator. We have Russian operatives and Nazis in the White House. GET TO WORK
I am troubled by the lack of balls you have in pushing hard to get to the bottom of trump Russia details
Whatever, man! You'll fall in line with the rest of the #GOP and not do a damn thing about the treason that's in the air. #partyovercountry
Senator burr, sir
NORTH CAROLINA IS WATCHING.
Please do all that you can to insure that the government stays "for the people." Remind your colleagues & Trump that you work for us.
"Troubled"? Your house is ON FIRE, Senator. What are you prepared to do?  We need more than words here. We need ACTION. TAKE ACTION. #Resist
Independent investigator for Trump Russiagate, please.
