but yet DEMS want us ALL to suffer from their EVIL SOCIALIZED MEDICINE THAT KILLS EVERYWHERE IT IS INSTATED!
What's unacceptable is that you worked in trump transition and you're head of trump investig in Sen.
We demand special prosec
How many VAMCs have you visited?  Get out and see them in action and you will see the tasks that have are overwhelming.
Trump will gut the VA budget...he likes un injured vets.
It's also unacceptable that you continue to ignore your constituents. But here we are.
Send post cards! I made this one for Mitch Mcturtle
Tump going to increased military funding to help the VA or pad the wallets of companies that get richer with defense  contracts
@johnsie_ray @SenatorBurr you need to seriously educate yourself
more Obama bullshit!
,  maybe you should stop worrying about how other people do their jobs and #DoYourJob.  Investigate Trump's ties to Russia!
..Decades of veterans. I get excellent care there but there is a shortage of doctors.
it's unacceptable that we still have no independent investigation into #Trumprussia The time is now to clear the air.
Investigate Trump and Russian ties and interference in our nation #doyourjob #russiagate
Why is Congress not investigating Donald Trump and his ties to Russia? #DoYourJOB!
Has the entire Congress AND @WhiteHouse been compromised?  This is the most important event in our county's history! #DoYourJOB!
Congress has been dragging their feet on investigating. The FBI seems to be complicit in what is going on. #DoYourJOB!
There MUST BE an #INDEPENDENTinvestigation into what happened with our elections & the Trump campaign's involvement with Russia! #DoYourJOB!
I have resorted to sending post cards...I made this one for Mitch Mcturtle.
They did with the EPA director.  Sad.
Unacceptable that you are not proceeding with integrity on Trump/Russia.  Can you put country first, or are you a traitor?
Unacceptable that Merick Garland waited forever for a confirmation hearing but you didn't care then
we still haven't forgotten you voted for DeVos.. You Enjoy this term.. as it will be your last!!
or even better, FISAs issued for probable cause of Drumpfsters because of standard Russky surveillance ops even better! Taxes!
Then why is there a hiring freeze?
He should demand Trump to pay back the 12 million in vacation fees and give it to our vets!
Def. investigate 'TAPP', Comey will have to cough up standard intel surveillance of Russkys involved w/Donny, nada Obama did...
Trump is dangerously delusional a LIAR + a TRAITOR. This is real. this is a fucking emergency. Stop whatever else you are doing
What is it going to be, Trump or America? We await your answer.
It's unacceptable we have a crackpot in the WH! You have been compromised. Time for independent commission #Trumprussia
Azerbaijan. The foreign version of RICO. Drumpf a minor money-launderer for mafia Donny Putin. Wilbur's mid-level laundry.
Also unacceptable that my handicapped son has waited +7 mo for Medicaid, been denied mult x's, and the waiting list is growing
Your continued support of this dangerous admin makes you responsible for their actions. We'll remember how you sold us out.
It's unacceptable that you have chosen party over people, and are involved in #trumprussia #carolinaconspiracy
Unacceptable you are not doing your job. Constituents want townhall, investigation, prosecutor.#WhereIsBurr#TriangleTownHall
How long are you going to stand by & allow Trump to ruin our country? You are complicit by remaining silent.
You had many opportunities to correct this huge problem.
Is there a line in the sand where you stop impeding the #russiagate investigation? No? Didn't think so. You're partisan scum
Definitely agree. Very necessary for more providers to provide care.
That's your fault Sir, you voted the nut cases in the cabinet
Unacceptable that you choose Party over America. It is a very dark time in the USA. 
Also unacceptable is your receiving $ from DeVos, confirming her, donate that $ to VA
Also unacceptable is your disgraceful partisan help in the investigation of possible ties to Russia and administration
Also unacceptable is the wait for a town hall. I am a constituent not a "paid protester" .
thanks for protecting our #military and for investigating @realDonaldTrump on #russiagate which is jeopardizing our miliatry
Far more unacceptable that you have not publicly called for AG SESSIONS resignation pending perjury charges.
Unacceptable that Trump has access to nuclear codes.  Today's insane tweets are alarming, to say the least.
yes it is. How about doing something about it?
unacceptable that you won't have/haven't had a townhall meeting for your constituents!
it is impossible for the veterans to get what they need when the executive branch needs investigated. Do your job.
so let's privatize it? Cause lord knows the private insurance companies always act in the best interest of their customers?
Also unacceptable that I have waited 3 years so far for a disability hearing.  I was a hard working tax payer.
I've been waiting 3 months for an appointment.
the entire administration unacceptable - and so are you.
Unacceptable that you are allowing a lunatic to ruin USA. Bannon has no biz in DC. Cabinet is loaded with deplorables.
Senator, do we need to put YOUR picture on milk cartons too?
we have known this gor many years!  What is being done to solve the problem?  Talk us cheap, action speaks. Fix problem now!
.@SenatorBurr what is unacceptable is @realDonaldTrump's INSANE tweets! He needs to see a DR ASAP! Paranoia is a symptom of dementia! Help!
another thing that is unacceptable your committee not investigating Trumps Russian ties.
Also unacceptable that there is no independent investigation of Trump's ties to Russia. Or a release of his taxes. #DoYourJob
What is unacceptable is that you have shown no sense of urgency to full investigate Trump's ties to Russia.  Put country first!
it is. Also unacceptable, you avoiding your constituents and not doing a town hall.
thank God 4 Donald J Trump a man that's finally going 2 get something done 4 the American people unlike the rest of Washington
unacceptable that you work for the people of NC and you continue to vote against what we want.  SHAME!!
Our Veterans deserve better. They deserve a Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee who protects our Democracy.
This is Also Unacceptable #trumprussia
and you've been a senator for HOW long?
important question: is this longer than private providers? Try getting an appointment in Duke rheumatology.
so how about we not increase the military budget so damn much and use the money to take care of our veterans? #commonsense
Unacceptable are your votes for Trump Administration, no town hall and exactly what have you done for N.C.
unacceptable that you are writing tweets about it and not legislation, GOP controls all branches so do something.
yes it is unacceptable.  just as unacceptable as your voters waiting on a town hall.
if only you and your party had the power to change that?
Then let's put them on the same healthcare plan as House & Senate members!  Let your plan replace ACA & VA. Vets have earned it
Great idea!
Yes, unacceptable. Also unacceptable is your failure to represent NC instead of Trump, GOP, Bannon.  Do your job for NC!
Well, you have Trump appointee running it. So, if you have balls go talk to the guy who told you to stamp down bad pub.
Also unacceptable your collusion w/ WH. You need to step down as Intel Chair as you have shamed your position & us NC #citizen
If vets are suddenly so important to you, do something other than whine. Stop the freeze at the VA.  Grow up and do your job.
how is it that the government can not pay  the doctors for past 6 months for the veteran patients?
Yes but you allowed your man to freeze the VA. Shame on you. How is your fake investigation going?
It's unacceptable that you are not reviewing Trumps association with Russia! Party before country?
@SenThomTillis @thomVery good show of indignation, sir. Republican super majority. #theballisinyourcourt
what I want to know since when is it OK for a attorney general to lie to America what's your response sir
you've got the House, Senate & POTUS, maybe do something besides a press release or tweet!?
I see you finally found the #GOP #ACA replacement "plan"

#GOPFAIL
#TheResistance
unacceptable that a significant number of you constituents can't communicte with you  Do your job investigate RUSSIAN COLUSION
It's your and @realDonaldTrump govt now, do something about it! Can't blame it on obama!
Then take care of it, Senator.  Get your permission slip from Mitch and then go to it.
trump as president is unacceptable #resist
What is your stand on Sessions? When is your town hall meeting with us?
So what are you doing about it? That is what you should be telling us.
I spoke w an EMFP specialist last night at 9pm bc her days are so packed! Federal hiring freeze needs to end! More help needed.
You got a 3rd term so why is this now on your radar after 12 years already as one of our two NC Senators?
He WILL be voted out next election.  We won't allow him to win again.  He's a coward and does'nt care abt NC
If only there we $20B in frivolous spending that the federal govt could redirect to veterans. If only....
. @SenatorBurr Vets were brave enough to fight for our country, yet you're afraid to hold a town hall. #aaronisthebetterburr
It's also unacceptable that people are more than likely going to lose their health insurance. #nosecrethealthplan
do your job bud
. @SenatorBurr unacceptable that the Secretary of the VA isn't a veteran.
Yes, it is unacceptable to wait over 30 days, We've been doing it for 37 yrs and both my Vet and myself are tired...
have a strong feeling you have changed your mind about who should have received it after 7 yrs of abuse by those eligible now
it's more unacceptable that r 100% service connected disabled veterans w physical wounds of Vietnam don't qualify 4 Caregiver
PS right now as we speak David Price is meeting people in Chapel Hill and has three town halls scheduled. Where are you? Coward
maybe use some of Trumps money from the dinner and Betsy's contributions for renovations and increased staff?
Unacceptable that you won't hold a town hall to formally discuss this with them!
Yes, it is; but, you've been there quite a while.  What have you done about it?
that is why I do not go to the VA even though I am 30% disabled
The GOP is in charge. Seems like you guys could fix it yourselves. I forgot your only interested in dismantling  healthcare.
But more unacceptable is the possibility Russia helped Trump win. If so, he needs to be impeached ASAP!
We really need universal healthcare. Like medicare for all & fund with cap increase. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan
Unacceptable that you are aiding and abetting the dismantling of our Democracy and the Constitution.
I agree that this is unacceptable, but so is refusing to meet with your constituents.
It's unacceptable that you protect and cover up for the trump administration. Looks like you might go down w/ the ship
So did you vote in favor of @SenSanders VA benefit bill the last time it was up?
You're alive!!  I thought Russia....never mind.
