National Health Care plus free abortion like in Israel? http://www.timesofisrael.com/israels-abortion-law-now-among-worlds-most-liberal/ …
#USSenate concerned about lack of #ACA replacement plan 
 #GOP #USA 
How about you two?
@SenatorBurr @RepTomPrice 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/behind-closed-doors-republican-lawmakers-fret-about-how-to-repeal-obamacare/2017/01/27/deabdafa-e491-11e6-a547-5fb9411d332c_story.html?utm_term=.71960fe86084 …
We as a country cannot afford to allow preexisting condition exemptions. Do not let this happen.
And when you take it away people going to start dying that week, and the estimate
What's the plan, man???
that: there is no other plan to start with. So what you going to do is get rid of the
Now, support the president's cabinet picks. #itsyourjob #wevotedyouinwecanvoteyouout
LISTEN to the voices that gave you your job! VOTE NO!!
see you getting reelected when your people get sick and realize they have no insurance
My family relies on ACA insurance. What have you got that's better? Let us see!
NC deserves better than you!
When's your next town hall meeting with NC constituents? Would love to attend and hear about your replacement plan!
ditto, I will b there. Your constituents have some issues we'd like to discuss. U know, the people YOU work for?!?
https://www.wsj.com/articles/rep-tom-price-got-privileged-discounted-offer-on-biomedical-stock-company-says-1485800769 …
I oppose repealing ACA. Keep and repair the ACA! Vouchers do not work! Health care for all!  (Reg. Republican NC)
sad that you won't listen to your constituency
because of you, you better startlooking for another job.
Please understand that North Carolinians  are watching and your Job is at stake. VOTE NO or YOU'RE  FIRED!
@ThomTillis @RepTomPrice Fix it, don't repeal it. We all need assurances -& insurance.
Where is the alternative to Affordable Care Act?  Better have a replacement!
W/ WHATI have h.c. via job;this isn't self interest. ACA isn't perfect but WHAT is better? Tell us! #BeLikeSally
Don't act without a plan. Your constituents will suffer and they won't forget. Obamacare is better than no care!!
Tom Price perjured himself in hearings. Confirm? Prosecute!  https://www.wsj.com/articles/rep-tom-price-got-privileged-discounted-offer-on-biomedical-stock-company-says-1485800769 …
Years of snipping & nothing comprehensive to offer. What a bunch of bullshit.Obama gave Corporations plenty.
NC deserves to have a replacement ready to be put into motion before you remove our healthcare.
and education deserves better than Betsy! PLEASE VOTE AGAINST HER MR. BURR!
Price will shred not just the Affordable Care Act but also Medicare and Medicaid and has serious ethics questions
27,000 + people well die per year with out Obamacare to start and go up. I don't
only insurance they have, because you do not have another plan to replace it with.
Yet, over 250,000 North Carolinians will lose their insurance. We thank you for that! Support Medicaid Expansion
No, NC deserves better Senators than those who do not listen to what their constituents are telling them! #impeachtrump
And what would that be, exactly?  Still waiting to hear about an actual plan.
and you sir seem to be committed to ignoring the people of NC. But at least your family had healthcare. Right?
Excellent health care - we pay for it!  https://www.wsj.com/articles/rep-tom-price-got-privileged-discounted-offer-on-biomedical-stock-company-says-1485800769 …
LEAVE ACA in place.  You are hurting millions of Americans by what you are doing.
you hate it because he is black. Racism exists in you
Are you insane or just stupid. Tom Price is a pathological liar, there is no other plan to start with, let repeat
NO he is not. STOP the BS lies!
Price committed to enriching himself. Poor judgment to invest in companies you are  writing the rules for. No to inside trading
What's your plan? HOW are you going to fix the ACA?
Stop pharmaceutical companies from charging outrages prices will save us all $.
Come to my clinic and I'll show you the families who will lose health care If you repeal #ObamaCare
President Trump was one of many running for office who Pledged to getting rid of Obamacare. JUST DO IT!!
No on Price! Corrupt. Will sell us out to make a quick buck on biz and products. Be ethical Senator!
fix it, don't fight it
I want to see Congress give up thier Healthcare first.
I think it's time to find better representation in Congress.
in your eyes it seems that no health care plan is better.
I watched you questioning of Price and was not impressed. You were weak and uninspired!
no! Tom price. No! Devos. No! Sessions
As an NC constituent, I am keen to hear about the replacement.  Hope current enrollees don't fall thru cracks
- NC will remember you stood hand in hand w/ corruption from the top down. We won't forget next election.
How do you sleep at night Senator? Tom Price is corrupt & NC won't stand for this kind of politics! NO on BURR!!!!
The insider trading Tom Price? You're okay with that? Great
Actually @SenatorBurr - @RepTomPrice appears more committed to enriching himself at our expense. Allegedly.
I'm a very disappointed & disheartened NCarolinian. Please vote NO on Mr. Price for HHS!
he is clearly committed to lining his own pockets UNETHICAL stock purchase while regulating industry. UNETHICAL
What's your replacement plan? Don't repeal something that millions are on when you have nothing.
That is lie, you are supporting someone who is a crook! SEC voilator
Mr. Price should be criminally investigated. Fat cats keep getting fatter.
You're right. We deserve improvements that you've held up for years. Move forward, not backward. NO to a repeal.
.@SenatorBurr Sir, your snarky, condescending comments in committee are absolutely beneath the office you hold. You know #PriceIsWrong. Sad.
@RepTomPrice Y'all's partisan, uppity "We know what's going on here" exchange was a total bluff. Price, you're a heartless con.
NC deserves better than an agency head looking to line his own pockets on our backs.
show us the plan you had 8 yrs to design & tell your office staffers to stop hanging up on constituents they disagree with!
leave Affordable Care alone. Improve it. To leave people uninsured while you remain insured is inhumane.
DO not repeal without replacement, you just seem heartless.  when's the next town hall, we have lots of questions.
It is the fault of NC GOP for refusing to participate. Federal funds are going to states that did participate
Fixing it? Yes, by introducing vouchers, lifetime caps, and rolling back protections for pre-existing conditions.
Where's the plan? Remember you have constituents who voted for you and need health care. You have it!!
NC didn't participate because our #asshatpat gov wouldn't let us stop your #alternativefacts
so then you agree inclusion of pre-existing conditions, young adult coverage and taking care of our seniors is key
the gig is up burr- vote price in and we will absolutely vote u out
Ur days in congress r numbered if you vote yes on price- you can believe that
he wants2privatize #Medicare, stop insulting us by speaking lies you think we believe.
You are so wrong. My working family members use it, it is working just fine. Make it better.
you better fix it GREAT!
Please share your plan with U.S.  where is it published?
deserve better? What is you plan FIRST? Can't just repeal with nothing to replace. #jumpoffabridgewnoparashute
The ACA is working for millions. Dont take our healthcare away!
Don't repeal, reform. I vote in NC!
What's the pretty simple stuff replacement? #unicorns #centaurs #prettyponies
and your commander in chief's campaign promises? Gone?
No. No he is not. And you know it.
I've asked for info on your plan on FB with no reply, where can I find your actual plan so I can be an informed citizen?
there is not yet one person on here that agrees with you.  #HearOurVoice prove that democracy works
Democrats holding REPEAL hostage by Repeal.More time to demonize! Don't reinvent wheel for 320 million 4 the 1% that needs SafeTnet.
actually, NC deserves better than you.
What is the plan? Will my formerly uninsurable daughter be able to pay $115 a month like she does now?
while I support improvement I DO NOT SUPPORT repeal w/o replacement. Repealing ACA = constituents w/o healthcare
Neither are for the people or justice. Your track records are entirely self-interest. We deserve better than you.
what's your actual plan to replace it? This is about LIVES not money
Go ahead you lacky. Vote for Price
NC deserves better than you trying to ram nominees through in a rush.  Are you working from 'alternative facts'?
Nothing is perfect. Fix what may be broken,  but insinuating that you couldn't do it until now is ridiculous.
the only person who broke promises to the people are the ones who wanted the ACA to fail and that is you.
you can't keep your coverage because ins. Companies are merging and competition decreases. Or they pull out.

@SenThomTillis How so? Please share w/NC citizens your plan! What does a replacement look like? NC deserves 2 know
And, how does your government issued insurance plan work for you? Like it how about sharing.
if he actually cares about fixing our health care, he should propose a single payer system.
maybe if republicans supported ACA it wouldn't be such a mess.Stop working for profit and start working for people
we are going to have a single payer system since that is the only way to make it affordable?
my sister DIED 6 months before #ACA and WOULD HAVE LIVED WITH #ACA. what is your problem?
They don't care, they use the office for profit.
you sir are out of touch big disappointment
I could get behind him,as long as the controversial stock question is addressed he removes financial connections
Can you guarantee that no one that has insurance today, will lose their insurance under Trumpcare?
have no plan ready to replace - it's just 'repeal and run'
so put forth a plan not ideological warfare on poor people
Nice soft toss Senator Burr. Now, will your plan ensure citizens are motivated to control cost by untying them from employers?
Look at GOP senators proving that they will use their power to put @POTUS interests ahead of "We the people" 
@twright55 @RepTomPrice Must remove ltd antitrust immunity tht permit discussions & consumer info sharing X insurers,pharma,etc
your absolutely right... So why are you and other Republican senators going on a retreat the rest of the week?
you're not coming up with a better alternative. Lipstick on a pig.
As one of your constituents, please do not continue to support the repeal of the ACA or @RepTomPrice.
Mr. Burr, sir, you wasted half your time apologizing for a reasonable and civil hearing. NC deserves better indeed
I have looked at your so-called plan and it will hurt my family and friends. Please reconsider for NC and America
gov't should not be in business of healthcare. Personal responsibility!!
NC denied Medicaid expansion and kept thousands of the poorest from adequate healthcare. Price is bad choice.
@RepRichHudson  perhaps you should have a real plan in place before you put 1/2 million NC at risk.   What are you doing?
How much has @RepTomPrice lined YOUR pockets with his ill gotten gains? Where is your integrity? #ACARepeal #Obamacare
I hope you are correct or you will have blood on your hands! #ACA #Obamacare Protect #preexistingconditions
NC deserves better than YOU @SenatorBurr You don't care about your constituents. Your vote for @RepTomPrice proves it.
may be committed to health care reform, but it appears he's been doing so while lining his own pockets. Disturbing
exactly
what was broken? Higher premiums would have gone  anyway. Make changes, don't dismantle it #ACARepealDebate  #ACA
.@SenatorBurr @RepTomPrice Over half a million North Carolinians have health care because of Obamacare. Should accept the Medicaid expansion
you are a liar with no plan! You should pay for the funerals of people who die because of your recklessness!
why not hold him as if it was @HillaryClinton had done that trade
can you read senator burr you don't have a plan
If by fixing you mean eliminating, well, ok.  #premeditated
like this magically plan. You are delusional. Will remember this when it's election time
Repealing without a replacement =/= fixing
really? @RepTomPrice has benefitted directly from his stock deals in HC.  Is dismantling Ocare good for him or good for us?
he also betrayed the trust of public office by benefitting from insider trading. How about ensuring a level playing field?
Fixing with what?
