How long did it take you to script your elaborate lie about Mr Steele & the #TrumpRussiaDossier
BREAKING: Associate of Steele tells #Maddow that Steele said yes to Senate Intel meeting request. 
Barely hanging onto thin thread when it came to trusting you to do right by America.  Now I can't trust anything from your committee. #Shame
Why did you lie about Steele not being open to an interview ?
Sadly, the people of NC have grown used to not trusting him, as well as being embarrassed by him.
#ncpol 
#gop
That warner guy, on the other hand... he's a stand up dude
There is a traitor in the White House what are you doing about it, you'll take the whole country down defending trump
I'm sure glad that we got Mueller investigating this because I sure don't trust you Republicans look into a so-called Republican president
Mueller and the special counsel is one big fraud and a scam. Democrats should be investigated not @POTUS
Trump is a moron and a fake president and I can't wait till he is gone
Brief? You lied to America Mr. Burr! Why are you covering up for Trump!
Sunshine, your committee has no viability.   Mueller's doing the investigation.   Get used to it.
RELEASE THE ADS! They are reporting that you lied! Russian Ads are pro trump only!! #RichardBurrIsALiar
The look on Warner's face said it all: He's had it with your obstruction & SUCKING UP TO GOP MASTERS! Frig off and do your job!or RESIGN!
What are you investigating exactly? That Trump colluded with the Russians, 9 months later and you have no evidence! Collusion is not a crime

@MarkWarner likes to mislead the ppl. U may think this is bipartisan but we see how he tries to make it look.
Thank you for your service.  Out of the headlines but remains the most important issue for our country.
Thank you for 9 months of finding NOTHING! What a waste of time!
Turns out SEN BURR IS A LIAR & 
PRO TRUMP NOT TRUTH -
Russian ads were decidedly pro trump NOT WHAT YOU SAID! 
#RICHARDBURRISALIAR
I wish more were open hearings.
Richard why did you stand there and lie to us about #ChristopherSteele not agreeing to meet with you. #TellTheTruth
Steele wants to meet with you. Why are you lying about it?
Why would Steele agree to meet with Republicans when so many are #complicit?  (Nunes, etc.)
Think you need to remove yourself from the Senate Investigation Committee immediately Sir....Cover ups arent going to work.

WSJ: Facebook cut references to Russia from April report on election influence amid concern from lawyers. https://www.wsj.com/articles/facebook-cut-russia-out-of-april-report-on-election-influence-1507253503 …
Listen Numbnuts, the Press keeps YOU accountable to the people--you're not gonna do SHIT concerning the Press.    Are we clear?
Burr does not represent NC Republicans and must be replaced
Let me brief you: Donald Trump never colluded with Russians for any purpose at any time.

Committee adjourned.

How hard was that, chairman?
What a total waste of time.  That is 30 minutes that I spent watching this that I can't get back.
Will you lie about @realDonaldTrump? Still hugging it out with Mrs. Sessions? America does not forget the traitors 2018, 2020
Burr is a NC And national embarrassment. He is without a doubt neck deep in Russia dealings.
I would agree with u that Burr is an embarrasmemt.  I opposed him in the primary last time and hope he's primaried this time.
USA has $20 Trillion Debt & $600 Billion deficit/yr, GOP plan is TAX CUTS for BILLIONAIRES of $600 billion/yr doubling deficit. Is GOP nuts?
Burr is a big LIAR.  He and Warner know what's been goin down.  Crooked as day is long.
You straight up lie to us. Partisan hack. Steele has tried to offer info to you. He spoke with Mueller.
Electoral college members are just as subject to being misled/swayed by Russian meddling/false ads as the rest of voting Americans.
And lied about not being able to meet C. Steele, why the lies??  Sucking up to traitor Trump?
Is Edgar BergenWarner going allow you to speak Charley McCarthy Burr. I wasted a vote on you. Dissatisfied Deplorable Constituent.

Wow!- Chris Farrell: Senator Burr is a glorified sock puppet to Senator Warner & an embarrassment to his office. #Dobbs #MAGA #TrumpTrain 
Kick him out NC
You look like a fool! 
Y R you wasting OUR time and money?! Focus on taxes, healthcare, DACA. When i voted for #Trump , NO Russian was holding a gun to my head.
Burr is a fake Republican and corruption in his committee is. Who supports this clown?
You people make me sick wasting time & our money stop the witch hunt & go do something good for our country.
#ImpeachTheImposter
Under what conditions would u call for a special election? Our president is a moronic liar and u can't put country B4 president?
I used respect you , not anymore you are another puppets with not morals #stopWastingTaxpayersMoney #StopYourFakeCommittees
It's quite clear the 2 of you are being blackmailed by the deep state.  I suggest you do what's RIGHT no matter what.  #conscience #eternity
Do u 2 have any idea how incredibly embarrassing you are to the country. Today you both looked like buffoons.
Can't wait for the full report.  Don't think our country can wait either!
Time to stop the Insanity. 
Work with #POTUS on #Taxes & #RepealObamacare  

Put an End to #russiafantasy from #RadicalDemocrats 

#Trump
If they don't cut taxes, the American people will be irate.  The deep State's lies, violence and lack of progress is outrageous! 
Burr, does Mueller let you spit or does he make you swallow?
Your days representing NC are numbered.
Why, bother? You've nothing to say other than mealy-mouthed double speak, Mr. Burr. Unlike yourself, Senator Warren is an honest man.
WSJ reports that Russia hacked NATO cell phones. When does this stop?
And yet you're still spending the taxpayers money on this nonsense! This waste of taxpayer money is Criminal!
We just reelected you so quit the grandstanding. End this nonsense & focus on tax reform!
Fake Republican, YOU will pay for your treason dearly!
SHUT IT DOWN AND DO SOME WORK FOR THE TAXPAYERS FOR A CHANGE.
“There will be news” The news is you’re obviously not serious about doing anything in #TrumpRussia
Only 4 more years of your BS left @senatorburr.  Wasting taxpayer $$ on a RINO witch hunt.  Enjoy the next 7+ years of @POTUS Trump!
And all of the Russian bots swarm to Twitter. STAND UP against the Senator! It's your duty.
Don't you DARE cave to pressure! You. Be. A. Patriot!!!!!!
Yeah no hint sorry libtards
BTW, have any of you Einsteins found those WMDs in Iraq that you all also swore existed & which dragged us into another unending war?!
Your mention of the Steele Dossier suggests I question whether you are being paid by Russia to destabilize the election.
Russians pretending 2Bduping Americans into attending anti-immigration rallies! Not OK! @RonWyden @ChrisMurphyCT @SenatorBurr @MarkWarner
We don't need the Steel dossier, WE WANT TOTRUMP ORG EMAILS!!!! Stop being a Hypocrite @SenatorBurr Emails, Emails, Emails!!!! @MarkWarner
Impeach this traitor and his Russian colluding family. They’ve came right out and said it themselves had money pouring in from Russia.
Outstanding work on a daunting challenge! Our "instant gratification" society got a clearer idea of the complexity and intricacy entailed.
Russians pretending2B anti-immigration Americans duping Americans into attending FakePropagandaFest is this OK w/U? @SenatorBurr @MarkWarner
Release the FB ads. They were public to begin with. Stop hiding Drumpf ‘s criminal activity. Country before Party.
News Alert: 'We have a very,very important Non-Statement to make....stay tuned'
as a country need confidence in our elections.   Spending more time investing instead of fixingi would have been fired @realDonaldTrump
Grand Jury. Can’t wait.
says senator burr who follows john mccain, jeff flake, & megyn kelly but NOT our very own president of the united states
This do nothing crook has spent 16million dollars on this Russia story. Guess what they have no answers. Your a  political hack. Do ur job !
Don't cave Senator Burr we need you in the game America people have the right to the truth period
Your duty is to the American people first. That doesn't include burying the Russia investigation and enabling a crooked, incompetent admin.
How about investigating your colleagues in Congress trying to obstruct justice by attempting to shut you down. They're traitors.
Careful Senator. You defend him you will look like a Putin toady. The American people will not tolerate a Repb. coverup.
Will you be sharing any details about *THIS* - your efforts on behalf of Trump to quash journalists' coverage of Trump collusion?
Thanks for posting.
Please put politics aside and protect America! The Russians will NOT stop until they take us down.
Get to the bottom of it & STOP IT! Preventative measures needed. Protect our Politics, banks, gov, businesses etc.
You clearly are not a rocket scientist, lol
Attack,when will you start that investigation,state dept. just released 6000 emails to go thru
@JudicialWatch has new Clinton emails show her and Obama knew about Benghazi 9 days before
Looking forward to it!
When did u have time to investigate anything. You've been so busy gerrymandering!
Why are you allowing the dems to run the Senate 
Stop these stupid witch hunts and promote all they say is envoled. Pass tax cuts too
WITCH HUNT!
Tag! You're it!
I hope to hell you're investigating Hillary's Russia connection!
I am trusting that impeachment will begin very soon! He’s already done more than enough to justify it. Prejudice isn’t just about color!
I expect to be thoroughly disappointed.
Please, get to the bottom of Trump/Russia. I don’t know all facts like you, but from what they’ve admitted to already should be enough!  
The dems are so proud of you Richard. You give them anything they want. I  sure George pays both of you though.
Is the NRA buying the lunch? You are a hypocrite.
Impeach him!
For what??!!
Treason by deliberately undermining our alliances in favor of Russia, bribery by taking payments from foreign governments, and obstruction
Too bad none of that is true, 
So you wish POTUS was a traitor?
Senator Burr, please do not vote for the Tax Reform bill that adds to deficit while richly rewarding the top 1%.
Wasting your breath on burr. He could care less.
Respectfully, people want to know WERE VOTES ALTERED? not who talked to whom.
I'll bring the popcorn
Why are you taking the word of Kushner attorney Re: his undisclosed email address? I don't get it, are you an investigator or a shill?

Another waste of taxpayer $$$$.

No funny business Burr
Aren't you tired of wasting time on this?? Get to work on campaign promises!!!
That would imply he made any at all except to Soros.
I don't know, Richard. Will 18 hours be enough to come up with a plausible coverup?
You're a COMPLETE EMBARRASSMENT TO NC.
