Did you also prepare to disrespect Senator Harris while she was doing her job? Don't ever do that again. YOU are a Public Servant
She was being rude and not allowing him to answer questions-there are rules to follow and she chose not to follow them and got reprimanded
They have you trained well
I'm sorry, does an educated Republican woman make you nervous? Or can you just not accept facts? Sorry ur racism/sexism card won't work here
So Tom Cotton was tweeting during your Senate Intelligence Committee hearing. That's some Committee leadership you have Senator
If Burr or anyone else on the Republican side of the Congressional Aisle was a leader, Trump would NOT be acting as he does.
That's true. They are cowards.
The President abdicates role as leader in Foreign policy. Senate pretends to work. World in chaos. Who is minding store in DC?

Get with it. Stop non-responsive off-topic speeches by witnesses and order them to answer questions.
If a judge requires probable cause to issue a warrant to support an investigation, at what point does the lack of PC call for this to stop.
Your handling of these inquiries is terrible and incompetent.  Call Loretta Lynch. Call Hillary. Call Powers.  Call Obama on surveillance!
Why can't the chief us law official in the US be compelled to talk about conversations with the pres w/o exec priv,. help me understand
Why can't the chief law official know his policy&provide it?
Dump Mueller. He has 4 attys who have contributed to Obama and Clinton. Plus Mueller is a friend/mentor of Comey. Recusal a must!!! MAGA!!!!
Your defense of a corrupt an incompetent POTUS is duly noted.
It was your job to keep him on track and stop wasting time, being disrespectful to the American People with that BS condescending testimony
Please substitute @JoeManchinWV for @MarkWarner as Vice Chair of Intelligence Committee to bring fairness and non partisan politics back!!!
When are u getting rid of Mueller? When r u going to set the agenda instead of the Democrats? Disgusted w the Republicans lack of leadership
Why did you silence Sen Harris but not Sen Cotton?  She did not deserve you censure.  He did!  Sexist!
U should recuse your self for being partisan in the #TrumpRussia investigation. #IndependentInvestigation #IndependentCouncil!
U had no business chiding Ms Harris. Should have chided Sessions for the roundabout testimony. Shame on you for not supporting Ms Harris.
You were awesome in "Ironside" and "Perry Mason."
Trump should order Rosenstein 2 fire Mueller- U senators R full of yourselves w/this PROBE.. Pardon Flynn & be done- vote u out of congress!
It was rude and sexist of you and @SenMcCain to interrupt @KamelaHarris today during the hearings. You did not do it to any men, stop it.
@SenatorBurr thank you for your professionalism and consistently representing your constituents with the pride that NC deserves.
Do you have a prepared statement for this , traitor?
@SenatorBurr to @PatMcCroryNC: 
Hold my beer. I'm going to eff  up & save your name. I'll be infamous, I mean famous. https://twitter.com/funder/status/871509715985072128 …
Who do you work for??? America??? Hard to tell! Why are you defending & looking to excuse Russia from harming our democracy?
No more volunteer testimony. Use subpoenas, and when witnesses refuse to testify, hold them in contempt.
We wished you had passion regardless of your choices.  To bad we will zombie through a few more years.  #NeedLeadership
I'm beginning to like you @SenatorBurr Wherever the truth leads, we must follow it.
We're watching! We all ONLY want the truth which requires you doing your job! NC needs you to pick Country over Party!
I watched. Nothing but you throwing marshmallows.
GOP should be standing up for our president who is highly respected by millions of people! Trump works hard & deserves to be our president!
After Comey's testimony we shouldn't have a special counsel! Mueller is friends with Comey & is hiring democrats to help him! This is wrong!
@TheJusticeDept Every Tom Dick and Harry hacked us. Iran, China, Russia and Iran. I hope we are better protected now.Why were we not before?
Time to end this fake investigation  . Proving more and more that Washington is incapable of investigating anything
It would be nice if you stopped making speeches and started doing your job! Crime should NOT pay!
Wasting tax payer dollars on ridiculous political theatre!Shameful.We the people aren't represented while criminal cabal gets away w/murder.
You are just one of the Sorry self serving individuals in Washington
LOSER....
Blah blah blah
Why isn't comey called on carpet for lying, for leaking, for not reporting as req'd by law, for criminally colluding with lynch & clinton?
does the vice chairman think he can make this an issue? Dont let him drag this on, American people dont have time for this.
Swear him in.......
We R watching you & strongly implore u ALL to put COUNTRY over party & ...the blackmail threats..
Where are committee hearings about obama's illegal spying on millions of Americans?!
We're watching
so far you have made a fool out of yourself.Russia did not do any thing to the elections.It was Obama and Lynch who obstructed justice
You sir are a dirtbag
Why no one asked comey about his previous testimony that no one had ever tried to influence an fbi investigation? Perjury one way or other!
Excellent opening remarks, fact finding, non partisan!
Scolding us and our representatives pisses me off even more about you all.
Is pressing Sessions for the truth about his lies we already know about partisan "shots "?
Sen. Burr, times of hidden mtgs r over.trump has intoxicated Congress w/deception. Thank you for your committee's work
the more u expound on how well your working together with Warner etc makes me think you are resisting behind the scenes...
you are disgusting going after our president and AG while you sit next to the likes of Warner who has ties to Russia for $$$$$
Why are you smilling at this hearing?  Is there something funny about  all of this?  #SessionsHearing
Hugging Sessions' wife shows clear impartiality......
no Comey and Mueller are the traitors. Hillary Shills.
Everything the Intel committee does needs to take a backseat to the Russia Investigation. period
Do the right thing!!
