As our nation's top diplomat, the Secretary of State will be in charge of leading U.S. diplomatic efforts around the world.
At this critical time, I am confident Rex Tillerson has the experience to rise to the challenge.
why are you voting on the purse strings and not on needs of #humanity ? We won't have an #Earth to live upon with #climatefacts
- you are such a joke.
you and your rich buddies, not your constituents. TOWN HALL TOWN HALL TOWN HALL TOWN HALL TOWN HALL
Very disappointed in your vote. As an NC resident I will work to make sure you're not re-elected.
Yea, another Trump crook that will cost you another term!
BIG mistake to confirm a man with a personal agenda based on $$money$$
I only hope he has some influence over T.
Integrity for sale.  $40,000 will just about do it.
-NC has some of the finest educational institutions in the country - Vote "NO" on DeVos to keep it that way!
It did not come together. The GOP is ramming through people that have no experience at the jobs.
this NC voter is asking you to vote NO on #Davos. Please listen to your constituents.
you need to come together again, and vote NO on Devos!!!
Agree
Tillerson has no business being Secretary of State. A horrible pick. Totally unqualified for the job.
I am glad one day you and Tillis will be out of your seats. I've never seen two people not listen to their state. #shameonburr
Don't trust him or POTUS
senator Burr, surely you are upset with the reduced sanctions for spy software with Russia? What do they have on Donald?
so was Russia
glad you choose Russia and your job over us in North Carolina.
You have no spine. 2018. It's coming. #impeachnow
please don't vote for DeVos! Please!
coming together in the way they bypassed the regulations. Sure. Good job guys.
without the Democtats
.@SenatorBurr  you should listen to your constituents on Betsy Devos instead of your "president"
define "come together"
You have a strange notion of "come together" after the most lopsided SOS vote in history. Come out of the bubble...
I'm glad you're glad. I'm glad you will lose the next election.
yes with his close ties to our newest ally, russia, America will be in great hands #asleeponthejob
Rex Tillerson as an abhorrent choice to represent America on the world stage. Feel ashamed of yourself.
I'm not glad. Tillerson as SoS is terrible for US. Amazed, not in good way, you support. Party over country. We will remember.
Vote NO on DeVos and Sessions!
Vote NO for DeVos and Sessions. Your NC Constituent.

Spineless. Sad you represent NC.Senate did not come together, so tell the truth, not alt-facts.
#noDevos Stand up for NC
Well done on this. Let's get the rest confirmed and get on with the work.
Thanks for letting the Trump administration approve dumping pollution into our streams and rivers again.  Looking out for NC?!
You and Putin can throw a party.
this is your chance to stand up and be strong vote no for Betsy DeVos
great job. Thank you for supporting him and #POTUS. Hope you can get the others through and JudgeGorsuch
This is on you!
how much is he paying you to tweet this propaganda?
this is not a good thing mr. Burr. We should not have a Secretary of State who has interests still in Exxon and Russia. Angry
just another yes man that will put absolutely no thought into anything he is asked to do.
is happy to have #RubberStamp Tillerson for Sec of State. It's important to give Russia what they want as they bomb Ukraine
we know you will confirm DeVos since she contributed heavily to your campaign so that's a lost cause. Shame on you for that
maybe it would show African-Americans you actually care with a rejection of Session's racist history.
the hits keep coming Senator. You continue to disappoint NC. Save a little face and reject Sen Sessions as AG.
There's nothing like good ole "we'll do with or without you" persuasion. Enjoy the end of your last term dear
Vote no on Betty DeVos.  I know it will be hard considering she has already paid you for it.
thank you!
You suck
did you see the #ExxonMobil tweet telling #Tillerson "don't forget us." #quidproquo #payback? Very inappropriate, worrisome.
Senator, Tillerson is in Putin's pocket and cares more for his own enrichment than for our country.Americans will suffer deeply
This definitely goes along with the GOP plan to make Russia great again. Well done. We didn't need our democracy anyway.
I'm not. I'm not glad at all. Will you STAND UP for constituents and vote NO on Sessions and DeVos? Kids are counting on you.
What was the final count? Last I heard was 52-42.
Putin is glad too
your not listening to the people
Now, purge DoS of socialists.
Did you get some oil money to say this? Or was it Russian Rubles?
He has the most "no" votes of any Secretary of State in history. Hardly "coming together."
Vote no on Sessions and Devos!
please vote no on Betsy DeVos.
Unfortunately he is a staunch supporter of Betsy DeVos. Remember this on Nov 6 when it is time to vote
yes! Unfortunately Burr isnt up 'til 2022 & will prob. retire. Hopefully he prioritized liberties of all Americans
