and will provide some certainty for the American people that the investigation will proceed fairly and free of political influence.
The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence will continue its own investigation
To the extent any deconfliction is required, we will engage with Dir. Mueller &our expectation is that he will engage with the Cmte as well.
Is this your obsession?  Get on  with healthcare reform and  tax legislation.  Quit grandstanding.  Lame??
Based on today's events, looks like there have been positive developments. Wouldn't you say so Sen. Burr?
What about all the Obama scandals??  Why weren't they investigated????!!!
Because they didn't exist except in the tin Foil hats of birthers
Remember when he wore a tan suit? Omg not one Congressional investigation! 

Don't. Change these views.
Mueller was involved w/HRC/Podesta/Russia in the corrupt Uranium deal w/Clinton Foundation, who is gonna investigate him?
WRONG! That was Hillary. Hillary conspired with Putin to sell uranium to Tojo who used it to bomb Nagasaki. Who's gonna investigate her?
Did we do a special counsel on Hillary & her e-mails?
@realDonaldTrump is not putting Nat Security At Risk, it is #theswamp career civil service, @washingtonpost & MSM.
DT is the swamp.
Let's see what he says about this on Indictment Monday.
Thank you!  He is
This kind of stuff never happened under Obama, someone who was absolutely dishonest and evil. Shame on you Rinos - never vote for you again.

Why did you cave to the democrats?
He doesn't want to go to prison and someone's going to prison
Remember this when Trump inevitably makes moves to axe Mueller.
New pinned tweet
Sir, I hope this still applies.
Remember the outrage from the MSM when they learned Hillary sent     classified information to her maid to print?  Yeah... Neither do I

What say ye now Sir? Still on Uranium One 'scandal'? Will you step up and please do your job now??????
Richard Burr you are destroying the democracy you swore to defend
Why can't we the ppl have ppl that are not part of the swamp?
So who is going to investigate #RobertMueller for delivering highly enriched stolen #Uranium to #Russia during #ObamaAdmin?
Richard Burr you and the rest of inept reps calling for a special prosecutor based on NO EVIDENCE are FAKE you are wasting our tax dollars
please tell us what crime was committed forcing an independent counsel. U stood by and let Obama and Clinton do anything.
What a crock to be on side of the DEMS. Didn't see you raise a hand when Lois Lerner took the 5th. Lies accepted as truth is not progress.
After what Ive seen DONT TRUST ANY POLITICIAN!!  THATS WHY TRUMP WAS ELECTED & WE WERE MORE THAN RIGHT!! MORE NONPOLITICIANS COMING ITS TIME
Finally!
The "Repugnantcon" establishment, like you want POTUS Trump to fail.
Don't let Flynn act like he is above the law. We are a nation of laws first. (No matter what happens)
Thanks senator. Pls keep your investigation going. Please remember the middle class. We are in danger of disappearing.
Keep following the truth!
I agree
Comey already said under oath"nohing there".That is recorded and all over.
Finally hear from you when Comey was fired, but heard nothing for 8 years when Obama was using the IRS or Hillary selling Uranium to Russia
-(2/2) losing they don't know how to stand up an fight!!! This is not what the American people demanded  in the 2016 election. We need a new
-(1/2) The Democrats have declared war on you and your administration. Apparently, the Republican Senators and Congressmen are so used to
-(2/2) too long. It is beginning to look like OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE!! Do it!
-(1/2) Senator, what would be a really positive development is subpoenaing Susan Rice, And Evelyn Farkus. You have been sitting on this way
Yep and you must charge Flynn with Contempt
Shame you didn't have the courage to call for a Special Counsel BEFORE Mueller was appointed. You are yet to put #CountryOverParty
Why does the #GOP continue to get duped by nonissues? Where is tax reform, #thewall, end of #Obamacare? #Congress is useless.
It's about time!
We should have never got to this point.  The @GOP is complicit in this mess
You are unbelievable and I believe part of the problem. You have lost my VOTE and many others!
Sincerely, thank you! And thanks @botresist for making it easy to send you a fax every day for weeks! Keep it up! #CountryOverParty
Yes it is. Now you need to get busy. While you tweet the country is in need of leadership that will Support We the People. WH is in Chaos.
No thanks to you, you shill.  You will not be re-elected.
Wow I didn't think we would agree on anything. We agree on this.
Agreed. Thanks for any effort on your part.
Your future as a Senator is tied to Trump future success! Some quickly forget the hundreds of thousands that attended Trump NC rallies!
What a phony. You dodges the special counsel  question for a week saying there was no need. You are a true Profile in Weakness @maddow
Thank you, Senator Burr, for being a true patriot and allowing justice to proceed without obstruction. Thank you for defending the !
Stand up for what is right Mr. Burr. As a NC citizen I deserve your best. Investigate Trump like a bloodhound.
Welcome to the world of sanity and love of country over party, Mr. Burr #ncpol
Find the truth Senator. America is depending on you guys
it's about time.
This is good news. Do not stop looking at #Trumprussia. Country before party.
For a change I agree with you
WHAT WOULD BE A POSITIVE DEVELOPMENT IS FOR U TO GET YOUR LAZY ASS TO WORK ON TAX REFORM AND THE HEALTHCARE BILL AND STOP WASTING OUR MONEY
YOU ARE A COWARD.  SUPPORT TRUMP.  PATHETIC
Indeed. Hopefully in the aftermath a commission will recommend new disclosure standards for candidates for public office.
No thanks to you.
“I’m not in favor of a special prosecutor because I think the committee can carry out its responsibility” - @SenatorBurr, May 10
@SenBurr - your comments continue to worry me you are unable to get your job done.  #trumprussia
We still need an #independentCommission! PS, your feed is full of #putinBot spam!
Thank you!
I live in Nc and no one here gives a damn comey got fired! I voted for you so you could help @POTUS drain the swamp! I see I was mistaken
Make North Carolina Proud!  Do the right thing.
The fact that we're at this point is a negative development.
Don't let him fool ya people.  He is a BIG part of the problem today! 
for him and he may as well say.." I am guilty" we are on to you Senator Burr the American people are watching
Why did you wait until today, this moment to respond.  We the people of NC and America have called, emailed, faxed, protested to no avail!
They didn't do that, they purposely gave him an out, but make no mistake, if he fires him and he will, the optics won't look good
It better be.  Too many GOP hacks anxious to turn on our President.
Voters are paying close attention. 
Rally behind President Trump !
Agree- lots of @GOP hacks trying to screw average Americans. Trump belongs in jail for what he's done. #LockHimUp #obstructionofjustice
I just saw Maxine Waters talking on All in with Chris Hayes, republicans could have made it so Trump can't fire him, but of course
will the MSM, DNC, Establishment Rs, Never Trumpers finally admit they were wrong when this investigation comes up with nothing? apologies!
I've sent you so many articles. The real scandal is with Clinton. Obama and Lynch w Comey involved in CoverUp. I'm not over reaching at all
Sorry sir, but you have completely lost my respect. It's too late now.
close you are to the LEFT.  Again, the biggest issue we have is with Hillary Clinton. She is GUILTY. Comey let her go per Lynchs instruction
Special prosecutor can and will take a considerable amount of time.
Through his actions the president has shown he is beholden to Russia.
I don't like how chummy you are with Warner! He's a snake! I thought we could trust you but things came out along the way showing how ....
You dragged your feet. So your input does not matter. You could of done something sooner but chose not to. So I can say it's a positive dev
Why didn't this happen with Hillary Clinton, emails, Loretta Lynch, Rhodes, Rice and Obama? If we're doing this now; the other needs to be 2
Thank you for your service.
Congress should also have hearings on Capitol Hill.
The American people have the right to know the truth.
Good and it's past time. Leaking classified intelliegence given to us by an allie  should be part of the discussion.
I still have faith that you greatly represent the interests of North Carolinians and remain a country first patriot. Thank you.
Yes now we need special prosecutors for 2 scoops of ice cream one for every congressperson senator that is a millionaire
Great that there's finally a nonpartisan investigation underway. Unfortunate that it took some major mistakes by Trump to make it happen.
Just make sure @realDonaldTrump doesn't fire him
Good news: Trump can't fire him. Only Rosenstein can.
Rumor has it trump still can
He can't. Just like Nixon- he kept trying to get others to do it.
I believe #POTUS can fire Mueller. After 1999 the law changed. According to @neal_katyal who worked on new law. Interviewed on @maddow.
But your  guy clapper said there was no culossion and he was under obummer administration.this is a waste of tax payers money but y'all
Good. I personally feel like this is a good step.
