You're mentioned in this article.
You're a joke. Zero evidence Russia hacked DNC in first place. Good luck campaigning in Forsyth County buddy
There's alot of evidence Russia hacked DNC. Even DT himself finally admitted that. It matters, ok?
Show me Evidence, not 'opinions' from gov't agencies or media, ACTUAL evidence. Go ahead- show me...
Too busy fighting @POTUS &crew to do yr research 4u but quick Google search will do the trick.
that's what I thought.
And here's from Fox News about Putin'snmeddling in our election:
So certainly enough to warrant an investigation, no? Besides it's the Legislature's job.
Dems so upset about this with no evidence but Silent about Clinton Foundation with proof.
this constituent thanks you for making sure this important work gets done
history is watching u senator, how do u want to be remembered?
please do not let us down @realDonaldTrump always play dirty.
Disappointed Tar Heel this should be checked out, the Bolsheviks running this show?
Shouldn't have been any question if an investigation should occur. If it was Hillary impeachment proceedings would be happening
Stop the cover up. You've been compromised. An independent committee is now necessary.
senator it is time for an independent counsel
you need to resign.russian ties have to be handled by credible independent leader. You are not that.
we the people require an independent commission not a political wall.@realDonaldTrump not innocent regarding Russia
why dont you excuse yourself ftom this investigation given your ties to Trump
DO YOUR JOB - INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NEEDED- after 11 for Benghazi -we deserve senators that will work for people
Investigate Hillary's Uranium deal to Russian and how the Clinton Foundation made MILLIONS - paytoplay!  Also, Podesta's deal.
This sham of an investigation is not acceptable to the American people. We demand a special prosecutor! #TrumpRussia
what does mean?Moving forward,Uhaven't even subpoenaed his taxrecords.What kind of bs are U handing out today?
It better; we're all tired of the cover-ups.
keep it going! Investigate now. Don't cover it up #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxes
@thehill Do your job! You can't mislead the public. If you side with the President you go down with him too.
Sen Burr,  ur NO SAM ERVIN
to your chagrin I'm sure.
we want answers. we want independent prosecutor. #countryoverparty #nocoverup
. With your dirty fingers in the pot? You MUST excuse yourself from the investigation. MUST
It's 2/27. What involvement does the so called president have with Russia? You're embarrassing yourself.
Please recuse yourself + support independent investigation. This is too important to have doubts about partisanship 

NC voter
Why are you being releasing favorable news statements in regards to his issue? Is it perhaps too soon to do so Senator?
Aaron Burr bio excerpt: His activities eventually led to his arrest on charges of treason in 1807.
is another victim of Tweeterphobia!
what you've done so far shows you to be in with the rest of the traitors! Tick tock times almost up to stand up
Sen Burr you asked the media to censor stories about Trump-Russia. Doesn't this prove your lack of objectivity?
calling newspapers to tell them it is a lie... is not moving forward with an investigation. It is interfering.
hearing statements from u and nunes that sound a lot like a cover up in the making
#TrumpRussia
please hurry up and exonerate our President so he can CONTINUE THE GREAT JOB Of undoing Obama DAMAGE! PLEASE!
er... I stand corrected. You're just another obstructionist? DO YOUR JOB investigate #flynnghazi or get out of the way.
Good news, Senator! The people deserve to know the truth of what's going on & to restore some faith in our democratic process.
this is taking too long.  We want public hearings.  We want to see the liar's taxes.
Independent Investigation Needed...Do your Job for America. Be a hero to Democracy!
quit stonewalling Senator !!
Investigate #Trumprussia! Do your job and protect America. #Standup or #RESIGN
@Newsweek #DoYourJob
Time to recuse yourself! Your NC constituents demand impartiality & the USA deserves it!
take the high road of integrity and have this independently investigated.
Guardin' Gnome Spicer will throw you as far under the bus as he can. You should rightly fry for it.
Independent investigation needed
You lied!
Bullshit...cough...Bullshit...We will see if you are telling the truth on Tuesday Feb. 28th....
I am your constituent and I demand you fully support this investigation.
Shame on you trying to suppress the investigation of Trump!
"Can Republicans Be Trusted to Investigate Trum's Russia Scandal?" #RussiaGate #RussiaTrump http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/02/congress-intelligence-committees-trump-russia …
sir, is this investigation now going to include the question if you attempted to influence media about the subject?
You have still shown yourself to be a partisan and a traitor to true democracy. #recuse yourself now.  #shame on NC for HB2!!
News out today u tried to bury Russian story.  Hope u go down with the already sinking Trump ship, a-hole.


No one looks good in #RussianTies. Support a nonpartisan independent investigation. #NCindivisibles #RiseTogetherNC #ncpol
Are you in bed with Russia too? Have you also sold your soul to Putin. Do you love Trump more then our American democracy.
Your done Burr, Dems are going to take you out of power!
u r dirty! Independent objective investigation. Period. U look guilty as heck. Booooooo boooooo Burr is dirty. Russia lovefest.
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR. Burr is manipulating senators to cease Independent investigation. Booooo.
So we just learned that Trump/staff asked you to do their bidding...and you did. Complicity in Treason & coverup.
Please investigate Trump's ties to Russia
@msnbc. We need an independent investigation of the Russian fiasco. Put country ahead of party. Come face us.
Really?!? Honest to God?!?
He's been compromised by talking with Trump!
What's happening with this? We the people need answers!
it should be a thorough robust bi-partisan investigation..You're my Senator & I look forward to hearing your findings
So tell us what you have found. NOT SAYING MUCH ARE YOU. Hmmmm?
if you and your fellow republicans are short sighted on this it will be your undoing.
Special prosecutor needed. You & your committee not trustworthy given your under thumb of this Adm.  Talking to press.. really?
I hope this is correct. I have serious doubts. Prove me wrong.
yes please!!!
why did you call on administration behalf to quash the press?Independent investigation is only path to truth  STINKS
Your independence now questioned. Need special prosecutor now.
Its a miracle?! A GOP member choosing Country over party? We'll see actions speak louder than words..
BUT: you made at least one phone call to a media outlet, on behalf of the WH, to tell reporters there's nothing going on? QUIT!
It is important to investigate to the fullest extent.
Sir u swore to protect the constitution, not DT's  administration! Your conduct is completely inappropriate!! Do your job!
You cannot be trusted. You're compromised, and nothing you say can be believed. You did this to yourself.
no thanks to you senator!
you lie
Just be a good little boy and do as Trump tells you.
Let's get rid of this guy!
There must be an outside independent investigation of trump russia ties any thing less will not be accepted.No trust in congres
.@SenatorBurr @Newsweek Really? How thoroughly will u investigate when u are making  calls to press on behalf of the  WH. Spec investigation
so why did u tell the press "there's nothing to worry about"?
why are you not meeting with us? Just who do you represent? Obviously not us
@Newsweek we need a special prosecutor!
Give us an investigation like the 9/11 commission so we can move forward!
very necessary and Jeff Sessions must not be involved- as he WAS involved!
You compromised your ability to lead investigation by discussing it w/a witness, then advocating for Trump. RESIGN NOW!
As Senate Select committee chair on intelligence why are you calling NYT/CNN to dispute @POTUS Russia Involvement, Impartial?
this is directly connected to his war on the media and you should denounce: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/25/opinion/trump-is-damaging-press-freedom-in-the-us-and-abroad.html?ref=opinion&_r=1 …
u lied! RESIGN NOW!
meanwhile, u r calling journalists to tell them there is no story here. How can your committee be impartial if u r not?
It appears you may be involved. So, what are you investigating?
Step down now! Need Independent Committee now! @Newsweek_INT
You lobbied the media on Trump's behalf. Recuse yourself and hand the investigation over to an impartial entity.
It's not your job to defend this administration against the press. it's your job to find the truth. Get back to NC and face us.
.@SenatorBurr U've provided a poor example of ethics with UR actions WHILE AN INVESTIGATION IS STILL IN PROGRESS.
Sounds like ur predetermining outcome-leaking info?Warner calling u out. Shame.
And YOU are hampering it by colluding with the WH?!?! You need to step down.
.@SenatorBurr @Newsweek_INT Please tell the whole truth about what the WH asked you to do. It's atrocious.
We may not be out in the streets like the violent leftist are but we are watching you.
On WHouse orders, you called media to say 'nothing to see here' about T/Russia. Should be humiliating, certainly disqualifying.
https://twitter.com/funder/status/835330633614430209 … u incite violence?
Anybody on investigating committee NOT in on con trumputin is running?
We filed a Senate Ethics Complaint against Sen Burr for saying Hillary should "have a bullseye on her back" #trumprussia #russiagate #resist 
Why did you respond to WH effort to manipulate media reports of #russiancontact? We need an independent investigation. #resist
No it is not moving forward. You called the media to negate the FBI's evidence. Do your job, or step aside.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION w/AG Sessions totally removed.
have you appointed an independent investigator.  This is a potential threat to our Democracy and Constitution. #NorthCarolina
It must be country before party!!!
Read you will not be running again, leaving office in disgrace is how you will be remembered
Your actions will not be forgotten next time around. Stop Making NC a joke!
TRAITOR. YOU ARE NOT WORTHY
I'm from Old Fort. Is it true: The White House enlisted Sen. Burr ... to dispute Russia stories? You said what in response?
how can it move forward when you've been compromised? You think we're going to trust your findings now?
U R corrupt if you do not step aside for a true "independent" investigation into #Trumprussia ties.
refresh my memory...who said Clinton should be shot? You?  That wasn't you,was it? Or was it Nunes? @TRUMPRUSSIA
A Special Prosecutor is needed...fellow Repubs have been compromised, are trying to bury this bombshell.
Burr& Nunes have shown that there is no more Republican Party but Trumpublicans. Lies& deceit!
how can we trust you? Your spinning for the whitehouse.. how can you spin and investigate?
resign you are colluding with the enemy of democracy
Independent investigation needed NOW!  You are compromised!
& @DevinNunes I think U should separate URselves from the WH &DO UR job investigating Trump/Russia. Do what is right for #USA
you do realize that you will be the one that goes to jail right, not @realDonaldTrump  I'm sure he knows it. Save yourself.
It is time to call for an INDEPENDENT investigation. This is too important an issue to play politics!
@washingtonpost Burr and Nunes now appear to be part of #russiagate cover up. Prison in future?
have you already concluded your investigation? If not, what are these conclusions you go to the press with off the record?
and your phone calls to news outlets makes you no longer credible. Don't be so proud. Thank you free press for reporting this.
Haha we know you've been enlisted by Trump to influence the media & investigation
Sen Burr- U have obligation to see this thru-Entirely. Investigate Trump, Pence, Ryan & McConnel. Can you do it?
investigate trump putin ties immediately. why is the GOP in bed with russia? #trumprussia
You're an embarrassment, as Intel head u r suppose to be independent not colluding on Russian ties. 

Tel
"Nothing to see here, even though I'm not investigating," you embarrassment to NC politics, that takes doing, Trump shill!
you need to answer this before you do speak of anything else
How can Americans trust GOP to investigate #TrumpRussia ties when the lawmakers in charge help cover up the facts? 
We need an independent 9/11 COMMISSION. No favors just honesty.
yes, it's moving into the toilet, because you lied to the Press following WhiteHouse orders. Corrupt, Traitor!
@Ray15981641 @Newsweek Not convinced after proof of you and @DevinNunes making calls to press while you are investigating Trump
In Trump's pocket now, huh? You have compromised the investigation. You failed the impartiality test. #corrupt
Sorry, you're going to have to do better. Special Pros. Not Sessions. #LastTerm
I question your integrity.The people know GOP stands to lose A LOT to an independent investigation Think we r idiots
moving forward? Contacting reporters on Trump's behalf, what a joke you are, you do not deserve to be a Senator.
Treasonous. The American people demand an independent not-partisan investigation, not a collusive Trump puppet.

Why are you lying to media for the WO about this?  TRAITOR !
You politicians make me sick. You are so scared President Trump will get rid of the crooked politicians!
You are a poor example and I am embarrassed that you are from my state...what a criminal!!!!
why did u call reporters @ request of WH & @POTUS  INVESTIGATE RUSSIA!  Should We investigate u?  @CIA @FBI  @jasoninthehouse
You should be removed from office for your engagement with the White House when you were supposed to be fair and uneffected!!!
.@SenatorBurr .@Newsweek and when will we be able to investigate you? #Trumprussia
RESIGN
You put party over country,Sir
Scrape together some integrity &resign
#CountryOverParty 
#Indivisible
#Resist
Your working on behalf of WH coverup shows you cannot be partisan. We WANT independent investigation-Can't trust R's!
You, Sir, need to step down from committee. Your collusion with WH to suppress news is unethical and un-American.
