
"Senate Intel Chair Richard Burr has investments in oil equipment company that does extensive biz w/Putin/Russia"

This is stupid and not needed.
So...You were given your seat by an impeached governor and THIS bill will be your legacy? Can't wait for you to be in jail soon.
What do you know about Trump/Russia, and when did you know it?
We want to know HOW Russia put the crazy narcissist in the WH. Leaks? The leakers deserve medals!

Americans want the TRUTH!
No, let's protect the AIR WERE ALL BREATH ! Wake Up. help don't make it worse and reverse progress!!!
Oh sure, Russian traitor, protect motor sports but non sick Americans #TrumpRussia you are going down. Rybolovlev...
Why do you think they merit a free pass to harm the environment ?
You are so transparent.
NASCAR is a dying organization. I'm sure Exxon wrote this legislation for you, anyway.
Total Co2 released from every race in the history of motor sports combined is likely less than a single day of Americans commuting to work.
This is what is important to you Senator Burr? What about healthcare?
I believe Comey, he says he didn't leak HRC letter & investig Toad(R) fascination w/leaks. What were you & Devi doing immed after receipt?
Really? That's your main concern with #pollutingPruitt and the assault on our environment and public parks?
This is how @SenatorBurr who is the Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee prioritizes.  How about the Trump- Russia investigation??
Do you support the death penalty for those convicted of treason?
Look at those cars #Russian around!
Kinda like how your leaving the Trump/Russia investigation alone?
Are you stalling on Russia because there is something that YOU are hiding too?
If the @EPA is tagged why not just tag @CLTMotorSpdwy?  https://www.burr.senate.gov/press/releases/entire-north-carolina-delegation-reminds-veterans-and-community-of-vietnam-veterans-homecoming-celebration-at-charlotte-motor-speedwayhttps://www.burr.senate.gov/press/releases/entire-north-carolina-delegation-reminds-veterans-and-community-of-vietnam-veterans-homecoming-celebration-at-charlotte-motor-speedway …
SO ABOUT RUSSIA THOUGH
Sure, let's keep killing and polluting the environment for a dying "sport". You could be spending them time with constituents instead. 
The Russians should leave our elections alone. BTW no need concern yourself about current @EPA enforcing clean air act
Since you like racing so much, retire now and you will have plenty of time to attend races.....hopefully the ones NOT in NC.
Do you know they only make LEFT turns?
Please resign. You are collecting a paycheck for nothing. All you are doing now is providing cover for Trump/Russia scandal.

Is this a diversion so that we won't realize that Comey is speaking today ?Yates will follow.
Wise use of your time. Other senate committee is actually doing something. Why is yours continuing to stall. Why do you keep covering him?
Please go do real work, like find out how connected the President is to Russia.  I am a constituent of yours, and I expect more of you.
I'm actually offended you're using the Seal of North Carolina on your Twitter page; you've made decision not to represent us. Take it down.
And you should do your job and stop delaying the committee investigation of Trump-Russia connection.
zip 27511  EPA doesn't care about gearheads. Be a senator, listen to your constituency.  Do NOT be on the wrong side of history.
Still working on #russiagate? The American people want to know
Don't you have more important things to do, (cough, Russia, cough, cough, (can't breathe near NASCAR track)
You are unbelievable. No concern for the air we breath.
#rickhendick doesn't need you covering his ass, @SenatorBurr. Investigate the administration's connection to Russia. #russiagate
FINE SENATOR. BUT TELL ME HOW IS THE RUSSIA/TRUMP INVESTIGATION GOING? ARE YOU GOING TO PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY? I HAVE DOUBTS! #TRUMPGATE
Do something good for a change SIR! GET off your ass and do your job with INVESTIGATION or step aside. OBSTRUCTIONIST TRAITOR TO COUNTRY!
Motorsports???? Good lord Burr. Do we need to send you a list of your job responsibilities?
also #TrumPIGnorance is dangerous! Do your job #trumprussia #treason is a real crisis! #healthcare matters
no because #climate change matters more than a sport. As long as all the drivers have the same rules NBFD
How about investigating all the ethics violations and nepotism in the WH.  Worry about N Korea, etc instead of racing
Stop trying to stir shit by catering to NASCAR fans and alienating the ENVIRONMENT. Investigate Russia!
Bc the @EPA is soooo evil, and NASCAR is for god-fearing Americans, daggummit!  Burr, please quit playing with your toy cars, and do ur job!
Are you serious? You're taking my tax dollars to ruin the environment faster, while avoiding moving on #russiagate ? #DoYourJob or step down
Things that go fast. Cool! And what is it that goes really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really slowly?
funny how you never respond to our tweets
Some politicians do not understand the whole "social" part of social media. They see Twitter as just another broadcast channel.
Is this real or from @TheOnion U r more worried about race cars than the environment & the future of r children. Pathetic!
Imagine what those fumes R doing 2 the environment! I trust the EPA & Scientific facts. It's a shame an intelligent person like u doesn't
I went 2 a monster truck show in an enclosed arena & fumes coming from the trucks made my family & my eyes burn, heads hurt & caused nausea
I can't believe you sponsored that bill! What the hell!
I thought breathing clean air was a good thing! I support the EPA, I think you're priorities aren't straight.
The EPA is trying to try to keep our air clean, water clean, etc. That seems more important than something that is simply for pleasure.
The least important news I've read today
Yeah, that's what is really important, not Trump/Russia.  You are derelict in your duty and a traitor to our country.
You're leading the investigation into hostile interference with our elections, possible POTUS collusion. How do you have time for this?
He's not doing anything...
WHY should EPA leave race car enthusiasts alone?
'Cause vroom vroom.
Do your  job!  No one cares about a motorsports bill, you look complicit and bought and very weak Burr.  Lead the investigation.  Now
who gives a shit about race cars! Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia Russia!
NO ONE gives a shit about a motorsports bill.  NO ONE.  Burr is in on the coverup
No, it should not.
Since Trump hadn't released his tax returns we don't know if beholden to foreign interests. How does the investigation into TrumpRussia go?
This is what you spend your time & our $ on? SMDH
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?  There's no time for this!  You should be huddled with your lawyers on a plea deal.  #BurrRussia #TrumpRussia
Are you kidding me?  We have a man in the WH the colluded with Russia and you are worried about race cars?
My senator appears to be involved with Russian money so that's why he stalled the senate investigation and is more interested in race cars.
Yep.
