Oh, spare me the lies!  Ur responsibility to America people is truth!
Time to start working for your constituents, not the welfare of insurance company execs and the wealthy.
The promise was "coverage for all". This is NOT that. Shame on you. We see what you are doing and it is not right. Shame.
.@SenatorBurr
Save ACA! Listen to us! You have great healthcare! We deserve equal coverage!
Stockholm Syndrome is upon you my dear.
Just say NO to Ryancare!!!  That is NOT what we voted for!!  Get the government out of insurance regs/requirements!!
This is the promise you made?  To take away insurance from 24M Americans? This is shameful and irresponsible.
45 like Burr, get a fucking clue!
We look forward to putting you out of office or in prison!
Worse coverage, higher premiums for ages 50 to 65, tax cuts for the wealthiest. Was that your promise?? I want CBO numbers!
nah, you mean you look forward to working with your rich white colleagues to fulfill your promise to rich white American people
You will always be a failure with a worldview like that, Chip.
The American People do t actually want that anymore. You'd know if you answered your phones or attended a town hall. Come on!
this american person can speak for herself.
When all of the users (docs, patients, hospitals) of your new plan are against it, time to go back to the drawing board
Do you have any idea what those of us who voted for you want? And how did you come to that conclusion?
Pressure this coward,  send mail to his home!
Don't let us down Mr. Burr. Stand with our Predident and get things right.
The American people?? Or the corporations and small number of American people this plan benefits? Call a spade. #constituents
but we don't want this. Not everyone is unhappy. You are going to kill people by repealing.
I care for my husband who has cancer and my son who has severe autism. I don't have insurance. What are you going to do for me?
Are you promising death? Yes! Turn around with back to Party Line, front to the people.
@NCGOP more lies from a traitor to us democracy
My model for Transcendia is to give all my citizens Whole Life from birth. I fix the flaw of communism thereby.Defense & Ed.
Please don't. Special needs populations will fall through the cracks, my son being in that category.
Is tax revenue being diverted from important programs and agencies to pay off Russia and support 45's houses & trips? #resist
as a NC citizen I respectfully request you stop. #NotInMyName
You should clarify that you when you refer to "the American people" you are referring only to the wealthy minority.
I look forward to the day you are no longer a senator.
I look forward to you talking to Christopher Steele
#lameduck
Stop Russia now.
how about fulfilling your job with the intelligence committee. #collaboratewithRussia
Can we repeal your health insurance - the plan that taxpayers pay for? Do that first, then let's talk.
. @SenatorBurr as a constituent, I don't want #Trumpcare what we want is a meeting with you.
Why do you refer to it as Obamacare instead of the ACA.  The most people are concern about losing ins not Repeal&Replace.
don't vote that Obama care v2
@NCGOP Working people, regardless of employment status, deserve Healthcare Security
And I should have to pay for yours, right?
You really should make sure that the people want what you are offering. I doubt so many will sit out next election.
Don't include me in your promise to "repeal & replace". I wanted you to work to improve it instead of scoring political points.
you will be further financially crippling so many of your voters, so many Americans.  LISTEN TO US
I wish you would look forward to meeting with us, your constituents.  I've left you dozens of messages.. and not a peep.
same. Calls, emails, post mail & tried to fax but no answer to any
The promise that a majority of Americans don't want fulfilled.  Bravo GOP!
the House HC proposal will injure a large % of your support base; releasing it to media was unfortunate
you're on the clock, sir. Will believe it when I see it.
#RepealandReplaceBurr Taking coverage from pregnant women isn't pro-life. Giving millionaires a break at poor's expense? Nope.
Don't screw people in the effort. Fix it. Don't dump it just so you can say you did.
Promises to charge older citizens more? To give tax credits to the rich? To help CEOs making 500K+? To Penalize the poor? What?
Or this 30% penalty sure sounds like the kind of promise you'd make to constituents in a public setting - like a town hall mtg
How about listening to the American people who you represent in NC? Travesty. Fraud. Liar.
The majority of Americans don't want ACA repealed. You are not representing anyone but your donors. Vile.
investigate #Trumprussia 
 STOP playing partisan politics. START being a true PATRIOT today.
Let's investigate our #CIA dump on #Wikileaks instead.
explain to us the sliding scale payment that the young will pay less & the older adults will pay 3 times more in premiums
five times more
Thanks for correction worse then I thought
Enjoy your lifetime healthcare paid by us!
Elephant in the Room https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-time-cure/201702/the-elephant-in-the-room …  #TREASON lies madness! You must confront dangerously delusional @REALDonaldtrump
We took early retirement job appeared to be going away, work part time + have an affordable ACA plan SENIORS are being SCREWED!
We want a govt health insurance choice, like Mediciad, that we each pay for on a sliding scale based on our income. 27317
there are really not enough adjectives to describe how foul you are.
You need to consider that many constituents who voted for you have learned more about the ACA & do not want it to go
Hope your resume is current.
Why won't you put Country over party and call for Special Counsel for #Trumprussia ?
we agreed on no special counsel.
about time you did your job on the IC.  You represent all Americans on that committee, not just 45!
Thanks for promising to take health insurance away from millions of Americans! We are so grateful!
I look forward to working with my colleagues to fulfill our promise to the Big Business to #RepealAndReplace #Obamacare #IFTFY
