Trump is down to a 35% approval rating today. When are you Republicans going to jump ship?
fake polls we still love  @realDonaldTrump
Jeanie, u can bake a fake cake to bring Donald in real prison. That where this is heading. 
 stop trolling & attacking me I'm reporting you for harassment @JCLRRA @SenatorBurr
Harassment is all Dems know.  They have no policy ideas.
Establishment R's shhh we don't want to be called racist. R's & D's, how did Trump win?
Russian interference in our election. What do you think Burris investigating?
It's Wikileaks, hacked DNC & Podesta emails from 2015. Secure your email.
are you a never trumper?!
he was a long time trump supporter... Lol
he's not acting like it!
I'm VERY disturbed a president helped by Russians is now dismantling US gov from inside & not filling posts. Can't we put brakes on?
Thank you. We are ALL INTERESTED in how Putin was able to put tRump into office, the most corrupt administration ever.
Thank you for doing your investigations, unlike Rep. Nunes who is just an obstructionist  and possible cover up!
Rep Nunes is the patriot! Burr seems to be a tool of the Dems
Ты не американец
 another troll that hates America @EKiehna @SenatorBurr @CNN
COWARD BURR MUST RECUSE HIMSELF. HE like @DevinNunes& @jasoninthehouse PROTECTING TRUMP. Tweet coward BurrPUT COUNTRY 1st or STEP DOWN
DOES ANYONE BELIEVE these inside politicians will ever tell America the truth? We used to count on reporters!!
No, at the moment D's are bullying R's, they are running scared.An R partisan should recuse,why not D partisans
@funder
Total HOAX. Stacked deck of congressmen AGAINST @POTUS. Sham of magnitude & coverup for the criminals in Congress. Let's get these guys!#DTS
You gave floor to 3 Sen hacks! You are both dishonest and untrustworthy to lead these proceedings! How much did Obama pay?
We all know Clinton & Obamas shadow government is at work. I just pray justice is served and deep state corruption is gotten rid of
Please stand for Americans 1st n don't let Trump intimidate u. Do the right thing 4 your country n not what u think is right 4 your party.
Why are you placing party over country Senator? Stop impeding the Russia Investigation! #ComplicitInTreason #DisgraceToTheUSA #SenGOP
Will you call the reporters at @nytimes who clearly stated wiretapping happened ?
Keep up the good fight Sandi. The Demons of hell are buzzing mad because they hate righteousness.
We have to keep up the pressure.  These hearings are for show.  Need prosecutions!!
Prosecutions of DemRATS and their media cohorts for pushing this false pre-planned narrative.
Hey @MarkWarner THIS 
The Senate Used 46 Staffers To Investigate Benghazi, But Is Using Just 7 For #TrumpRussia

#BurrMustRecuse #resist
…
I'm certain you're going to honor Sen Sam Irvin and conduct your investigation as he would have. Thank you, again
660 million pages of info given to Comey 2 years ago by whistleblower from EX CIA Dennis
Montgomery, ignored
The Russia smokescreen is not what Americans are concerned about. How about true bipartisanship? Confirm Gorsuch!
taxes of Drumpf, Manafort & Ross since glasnost. Saddle Burr: "Nope!" Ervin rises from dead & piss-on econ your grave!
Really? Did you have to play that "fake news" card? "Just because you report it doesn't make it true." Other senator seemed more committed.
Still waiting. Hello, do your job stop sitting on your thumb
Russia, 'the best enemy money can buy" Read up on this book By James Billington "The Fire in the Minds Of Men" Learn about the hidden truth
What will be done about witnesses who choose not to attend?
When ObamaGate is fully exposed there will be key people in the Obama Administration who will be indicted #ObamaGate
I hope you all remain neutral and put Country over party.
Even real media buying your BS as the anti-Nunes. Inquiry 101: chasing money launderers, follow the money! Subpoena...
Why did you not mention an investigation of the wiretapping of @POTUS and his staff??  What about Clinton's and Podesta?
no reason to talk about things that are not supported by evidence.
Hey smart guy this Obama idiot just admitted to surveil/tapping on Trump & team. Fun times . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVGp2FZmVA4 …
unfortunately one person saying something is not evidence.
Interviewing Farkas??
thank u, Sen Burr for saying the right things today. The way Rep Nunes has handled things deeply troubling. #AmericaFirst
Where are you on this? Why have we heard nothing about it? We will keep a very close eye on this. Russiagate is a national security issue.
@SenatorBurr Do your job or get out of the way in this most important investigation. We demand answers-not a coverup
@MarkWarner STAND STRONG Don't let trump threaten and intimidate you the way he did to Nunes..We need you both! #trumprussia
Do the right thing and lead a proper investigation.  You don't want to be on this sinking ship when it goes down.
Noticed yesterday ONLY question: Can YOU be impartial<cross your heart> NOBODY asked Warner? Russia ties to HRC, Podestas!
The Fake News Warner mentioned was that Hillary was sick & she accepted foreign money. Both those things are true facts.
You better Investigate Obama Admin Surveillance of Trump camp & illegal unmasking & disemination of material.
@PattyArquette @CNN my personal feeling is that you will find a way to tank this investigation; but there is always the chance
you r a man of integrity; I'm betting against it; but we will see
we demand Hrc, obama and j pedesta be investigated now! Ties to Russia! Non partisan!
#Congrats @SenatorBurr for feeding the #Russia narrative... next will be #China #DeepState #7thFloor @CNN Let's Party! #Clueless #Dupe
Could you start w Bharara? He was pretty deep into it before he was fired. Just getting a bit too close... or resisting.
This is what u are looking for: #AwanBrothers
Awan brothers should be there since they had criminal records, hacked congress, are tied to a terrorist group,& made $160k
Did anyone invite the Awan Brothers to testify?
#AwanBrothers. They did work for 31 dems & burglarized 20+ drives w intel.
There are law's on the  against Communist n this country threatening our Republic. It's about time to prosecute the Dems
We, the American People voted, not Russia.
@Project_Veritas & @wikileaks 
provided evidence of DNC election racketeering.
why are you continuing this hoax? You sound like the weakest person in DC.
Are they going to be under oath? If not youre wasting ur time The only answers will be alt BS #QuestionUnderOath
@PattyArquette @CNN history will remember you after this as a hero, or a zero. I hope it is the first! We badly need one. Tks!
@PattyArquette @CNN First hearing today? Or next Thursday?
THANK YOU SIR!  #GodBlessAmerica
Thank you Senator Burr for manifesting these rarest of qualities: integrity and placing love of country over party.RESPECT
#Trump and his entire associates are #corrupt!
a real American no party lines involved. Politicians like RB MAKE ME PROUD
How much is @realDonaldTrump paying for all the #politicians to look the other way?
I hope for a complete and honest hearing. Find the truth. The American people deserve an answer as to Russia's involvement
Not "possible" cover up, there is a lot of cover ups! #ConspiracyTheory with #Trump & his team!
waste of time and money
U have expand the scope of ivstgn to include how thr STILL  beneftng from hacking us! &currnt relatnshps wth cab members!
believe it when I see it or have it concurrently reported.
please continue to remain so bipartisan. A patriot puts country over party. Country over self.
@MarkWarner @CNN Good start. Wondering why investigation limited to the historic "quid" and not the potentially ongoing "quo"?
Thank you! Finally someone who will stand for America!
Evelyn Farkas admitted on Live TV that Obama did spy on Trump and Admin. Admits other facts too! Oh, the webs they spin....
I hope Evelyn Farkas is on this list! She's key; worked for Obama, then Hillary; promised job.

http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/03/obamas-former-asst-defense-secretary-admits-obama-admin-collected-intel-trump-video/ …
gratitude for your participation in the bipartisan relationship with Warner- Russia/Putin US interference!
You, sir, are an honorable man. This lifelong Democratic has faith in you.
Sounds like Warner is running the show. You sound scared to stand strong. We need strong leaders, not R's that run scared.
Thank you for the honorable way you are handling your responsibilities on the intelligence committee.
Sen Burr, I believe it's time relay to your Repub colleagues your sentiments of COUNTRY ABOVE PARTY! This NC girl thanks u
you are my first republican on tweeter.  Please do the patriotic job of investigating the russian collusion with integrity
kudos to you sir for putting your country before party and any personal beliefs other then the TRUTH!!
Thank you for your willingness to oversee a fair impartial investigation. That's all we can ask for.
Thank you for standing up for democracy. We are proud to be in your district
.@SenatorBurr EVERY American should want  investigation to proceed & be successful! There's too much smoke to ignore! Keep  A democracy!
@SenatorWarner Thank you for bipartisan investigation into Russia interference.
You will question this woman won't you?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVGp2FZmVA4 …
So many are not sure whether to trust you or not!? The jury is out! We just hope that you can put your country above party
@MarkWarner thank you for being the adults in the room. I'm tired of being ashamed of my political system. #teamofrivals
Hopeful for the first time today after watching your press conf. Hoping you will make NC proud and take your place in history.
Senator, the house let us down. We are counting on you to have a legitimate investigation. Please don't let us down too.
Can you honestly be objective??
Remember your promise to keep the SCOTUS seat open for four years, before the election? No Russian probe, no SCOTUS robe!
@MarkWarner Thank You gentleman for renewing Americas faith that their are some grow ups in the house. #russiagate
will be watching, Please, for our Country, leave nothing unasked, unmasked, or in doubt. needs transparency at Risk
Thank you Senator. No matter what side of the aisle you sit, we need to find out the entire truth. (Call Sally Yates.)
If you are not looking into the current policies implemented per Putin's agenda,you are as useless as Nunes.Don't allow it
It's great that you are seriously looking into the #TrumpRussia investigation, and thanks!
But I really want to know why you think it's okay to sell my personal information without my permission?
really sad to hear u in the news,we feel shame of you!Because for our President Trump u and weak establishment still in Washing
Thank you, Sen. Burr, for your professional behavior this afternoon.  Americans r counting on you to do your job. Country 1st!
@clairecmc @RoyBlunt Thank you for your objectivity and professionalism.
.@SenatorBurr @CNN Thank you for your leadership and Patriotism.
You gained my respect today, sir. Thank you, Senator Richard Burr
 thank you for reminding me America > partisanship
@MarkWarner I'm going to have faith that the Senate Intel committee gets to the bottom of this! #Trumprussia
I just wanted to say even as a Democrat THANK YOU SIR! We thank you and Senator Warner! God bless you and the USA!!!!!!
GOD BLESS AMERICA!
thank you, senator for being committed to doing your job on the  intelligence committee.
"We The People" have faith that you'll do a fair investigation
We need to know what Russia received for their help in election and what they are receiving NOW?
Sen Burr thank you for those words today on the Russian Invst.Thank you for the work and getting to the truth & facts!!
great start / stay stong , always remember you work for us - make us proud # impeachment
thank you for showing the American people that YOU are really invested in us- not just Trump.ty for being professional.
Plase follow the facts wherever they lead. Our trust in your committee is fu damental.
Thank you, Senator. Please conduct this hearing in an impartial way that will make America proud. The nation looks to you.
Thank you for actually doing your job!!! We will all remember you and your great work ethic!! 
~ @SenatorBurr (R - NC) is betraying America. He's ALREADY called reporters & said there's nothing to find. Burr is a disgrace. #maddow
Isn't it your job, not the press, to keep US safe from nefarious Russian infiltration into our gov't? What's wrong w/u?
MrBurr how can the GOP defend a Pres who uses a divide and conquer strategy against all institutions of this great country
Sir, the Russians are getting plenty from us NOW.  Don't ignore the obvious.  We already know all the other stuff.
Mr Burr if you were honest with yourself, have you ever known a more hostile, vindictive narcissistic serial of liar Pres?
we are counting on you to find the truth.  Don't betray us.
Since Nunes is complicit in coverup, America is watching you @SenatorBurr @MarkWarner @AdamSchiffCA @CNN @CNNPolitics
Adam Schiff needs to step down .  He is unstable & unhinged.
Mr.Burr, no matter the outcome of the investigation history will prove you to have done the right thing for all of America
Mr. Burr, I'm not sure why more GOP do not want to be on the right side, ethical side of history with an investigation.
Be diligent!
Thank you for your integrity today. It was a huge relief to hear you will investigate properly and we will have answers.
investigate clinton and obama now! Accusing trump of their own wrongdoings!
Lefties that will never vote for you approve. The deplorables that gave GOP EVERYTHING will remember. @CNN
Are u aware of #PanamaPapers?
cc Sen @MarkWarner
#NSAintercepts #weaponized #unmasked
#HillaryClinton http://observer.com/2016/04/panama-papers-reveal-clintons-kremlin-connection/ …
Thank you to you and Sen Warner for your professionalism and bipartisanship. Let us hope that the House is watching.
what about obama and clinton ties to Russia?
What about Kennedy's ties to the mob? None of these people are sitting Presidents. Here and now.
Thank you Senator! Country over party. This is important!
Obama receives 22 visits from Russian Amb; Hillary gets 6
YOU need to go back to Obama Admin, Hillary Clinton, John Podesta for answers. They are involved with Russia too.
New EMAILS released on Hillary Clinton, Huma Abedin....
An opportunity, Senator, for you to show if you are interested in getting to the bottom of this. Why am I not optimistic?
senator Burr, since the committee has subpoena power, will u be getting trumps tax returns and following the money?
our collective sovereignty is at stake.
while I don't agree with your political views, I respect that you have committed to be impartial and do your sworn duty
@MarkWarner You made your country proud today w your commitment to America and the truth.  Thank you.
WE DO NOT TRUST YOU!
 tick tock #trumprussia
INDICT Pence Sessions Ivanka Tillerson Ross Pruitt Nunes McConnell Ryan
Move on with this Russia crap and work on Tax Reform and Health Care about sick of this Crap
Grand hypocrites! The US has meddled in many foreign elections. Now outsourced to Soros
Thank you @SenatorBurr keep our republic safe and free from harm.
Thank-you, Senator Burr. Country first.
Why r u not investigating the Clintons and Podesta.
No matter.  She did it.  It is illegal.  No proof Trump has.  Just accusations.
Why not??  It all has to do with Russia while they were in office.
When did they convict HRC or Podesta? Did I miss a trial? When is the execution? Seriously
I did not say convict.  I said they should be investigated too.
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain Thank you for putting Patriotism over Party. No matter the results, you are patriots.
Who leaked information?  You should be able to get information in 1 hour by going to NSA. Will the leakers be prosecuted?
Thank you, from a constituent. I wasn't happy about DeVos vote, but am proud that you are putting Patrotism over Party.
Tax Reform, Free Health Care from Government intervention and protect US Citizens! That is your mandate. Get to real work
Subpoena Evelyn Farkas NOW
A full investigation includes Democrats too. Don't cater to them as they were involved with Russia &  China more than @GOP
I will personally raise money for your opponent in next election if you mishandle this investigation & let Democrats take over!
Stop selling your soul to the liberal narrative.
please put some energy into investigating Podesta's brother getting paid $170k from largest bank as a lobbyist
Falling to democrat's pressure! Don't let this turn into never ending exaggerations & lies from the left. Likewise with MSM
Are U investigating abuse of intelligence info by Obama to spy on Trump? This is Watergate on Steroids. Leaks are illegal.
so is colluding with Russians. Meetings hidden until discovered still happening this far in is amazing. /1
are both parties being investigated?
Great job reassuring us that the truth will out, whatever it is. Thank you! Even your body language was reassuring.
Finally! Some grown ups in the room! Thank You
Thank you, Senator. Please continue to put country before party.
Thank you. I believe we are at war and you are our defense. Follow the facts wherever they go. We need the truth.
Will John Podesta & Clinton campaign ties to Russia also be looked into? Seems that is very, very relevant.
Why did you sell us out to ISPs?
how can Burr be honest when he is called 4Clinton face to have bullseye on it on GUN magazine? We need special prosecutor
Burr will be partisan corrupt politician just like every other GOP man! Independent commission and Special prosecutor!!
Thank u for doing your duty correctly  & w/integrity. Hopefully truthful- Democracy is counting on you!
@MarkWarner Public distrust of politicians & these committees is low & worse now with Nunes' scheming. #FollowTheFacts
I also felt the Press briefing was non partisan. Pls go into the hearings with that mindset. The American ppl deserve that
WaPo:
COVER-UP! @SenatorBurr YOU hid Montgomery HDs/docs 2yrs!
Drop #AwanBrothers Huma HRC servers' metadata NOW!
#MAGA #CNN @LouDobbs #MSNBC @ABC
I hope @Rep_DevinNunes is on that list. Your committee needs to find out what/who he's hiding and protecting.
Good luck. B tough. Please follow thru. Make NC as proud of you as it was Sen. Ervin. That means toughness, nothing else.
-(2/3) to influence the 2016 elections. To focus only on Russia's actions would make this investigation a farce, the American
After a year and NADA(if there was it would have leaked) just masking the real traitors Clinton,Obama,McClain. WE KNOW ALREADY
I hope you are taking this seriously. I recall you making a joke about Hillary getting shot.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2016/10/31/sen-richard-burr-apologizes-after-clinton-bullseye-remark/?utm_term=.186c6c20c417 …
What about investigating the surviellance by Obama admin. Comey LIEING and hiding info? He's had info for years, ignored
why don't you go look at the same docs Nunes saw? Why avoid them? Do your damn job and find out wtf is going on here.
I don't agree with you on policy BUT I have faith in your Russia investigation staying bipartisan. Thank you for that!
FACT 0bama spied on Trump. 
Evelyn Farkas,
Thank you putting country above party. (@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC)
You may get same WH pressure that Nunes did.  Do not cave, be a patriot!
Nunes didn't get any WH Pressure, stop with your lies! Nunes did nothing wrong... all a Witch Hunt!
is it possible to question Devin Nunes?
Warner is bipartisan?,well,he did manage to get his shotsjust his statement Russia picked a candidate & taxes?
That press briefing was the most non-partisan thing i've seen in quite some time, and It was very refreshing.
Burr, can we trust you?
