.@stevenmnuchin1 proceeds today to a full Senate vote on his confirmation.
.@stevenmnuchin1's credentials are self-evident proof that he is more than qualified to lead the Department of Treasury.
It’s time for the Democrats to stop their shameless grandstanding
Let’s get leaders for our government in place quickly, as has been the practice with every President to date.
Your constituents are calling with real concerns that you should to consider; instead, you are throwing us under the bus.
Since the senator doesn't plan to seek re-election, he DGAF what his constituents want.
Hope you are able to replace him with someone with integrity!
#TheResistance
From your tweet to God's ears. I'm already trying to find out who we might run.
NO to DeVos grossly UNQUALIFIED....No Experience!!!
Most of T's nominees don't need the kitchen sink ... they need a trap door.  Please use some objectivity in your votes.
Please don't act like it's a partisan issue to be concerned about Sessions and DeVos in cabinet posts.  They ARE NOT QUALIFIED.
Do you consider my mentally disabled daughter to be #everythingbutthekitchensick #BetsyDeVos does not even know the law #IDEA
Your constituents are calling with real concerns that you should to consider; instead, you are throwing us under the bus.
But not running again doesn't mean you should burn the country down on your way out. #VoteNoDevos #VoteNoOnSessions
Not that I think you're listening. I'm a NC voter and I haven't been able to reach you anywhere. Heard you're not running again
The Nominees are NOT QUALIFIED... And you know it. Please show some courage and integrity. It is actually you job!
I am disappointed! When you vote for unqualified billionaires you are not representing me #draintheswamp
you mean like the republicans did at Obamas.  Such hypocrisy and I am a true republican and I see it
Because basic qualifications and competence are too high a bar, apparently.
NO to DeVos-it takes no " grandstand" to see that she's simply not qualified
it's kind of easy when they're grossly under qualified.....It's not even a party issue at this point...
as they should, we will not tolerate fascist government
Turn about being fair play and all that. Please remember that some of your constituents support some of the things being done.
probably because they're so incredibly terrible.
you mean like tough questions on their supposed areas of expertise. Yea. They've got nerve.
stop whining, maybe y'all could try even a semi-qualified candidate with only small conflict of interest?
how short your memory is. This is the same mess that the GOP threw at Obama for 8 years.
“I am going to do everything I can do to make sure four years from now, we still got an opening on the Supreme Court.” 2016
You know why.  Most are grossly unqualified.  And you voted FOR DeVos!  Maybe because of her $43K donation to your campaign?
He IS more than qualified...to redistribute wealth upward to big business at the expense of average Americans. #complicit
bc they are terrible, incompetent, shady, self serving picks but you know all about self serving. #43k #betsyboughtyourvote
This is about candidates who are unqualified and/or ethically compromised. Respectfully, you're not listening to constituents.
NO to Sessions and DeVos!
I am ashamed to call you my senator.
This tweet is inappropriate and offensive.
yeah, that's your move!
Your inflammatory speech makes a mockery of politics. Use your brain, not partisan rhetoric. #enjoyyourlastterm #NCvoterswatch
I think you meant to say "throwing everything except a refusal to have a hearing until after the next Presidential election"
Just like you are throwing your loyalties to your constituents out the window by hanging up on, and mocking them.
"if HRC becomes potus Im going to do everything I can do to make sure four years from now, we still got an opening on the SC"
You haven't seen anything yet! Your little tea party was kindergarten stuff!
You and your colleagues are supporting a fascist executive branch. You think you can use it and control it, but I have doubts.
thanks for fighting!
Merrick Garland
.@SenatorBurr your CONSTITUENTS have been calling your offices & voicing their opinion on a daily basis. You have chosen to ignore them.
Funny you had no problem sitting on the nomination of Garland or blocking any potential Hillary Clinton appointees. #hypocrisy
"The people voted" to drain the swamp. Your job as our representative is to hold Trump to that promise #SwampCabinet
it's called vetting and GOP should be doing it too. These rush job hearing disrespect the process and American people
good job dems
It's called extreme vetting. You know, like what you want for children fleeing war zones.
As well they should. You are a bunch of bullies out to line your pockets as far as I can tell. The Billionaire Club?
tell me again why your party refused to have a hearing for Merrick Garland?
It's hard to believe just how hypocritical the @GOP is behaving right now. You should not even consider yourselves Republicans.
are you even listening to your constituents? I don't know why I keep calling your office. They're unqualified!
Really hard when the shoe is on the other foot? You wrote this playbook. Hard when they use it against you, isn't it?
Hey how is Justice Garland doing? Oh yeah, you didn’t do your job to even have a hearing @SenatorBurr
Even though the Democrats are throwing everything but the kitchen sink at President Trump’s nominees
we'll make sure to include it. Didn't need it anyway. Too busy keeping up with injustices.
Are you kidding me??? How about 8 years of obstruction by R's to @POTUS44 ?? Even if it was good for the people? #hypocrite
your tweets are quite sad.
Every last one of you needs to go! #turnALLseats!
we are your constituents calling with real concerns about our lives. Your job is to treat us and our opinions with respect.
I am a constituent and completely disgusted by GOP hypocrisy
Share widely:

Call @SenatorBurr (202) 224-3154

and remind him about the #GarlandSeat.
just like the GOP.  Two words for you BURR (1) Merrick (2) Garland.  YOU SIR - and your cohorts are hypocrites.
hahaha not one positive comment yet. We know GOP is full of....
When this administration implodes, the blame will fall solely on the @SenateGOP . Your blind faith in Trump is very dangerous.
Just like you did with Obamas nominee
@standingup4ever What goes around comes around @SenatorBurr . If you can't stand the heat,  maybe you need toget out.
With all due respect, there are terrible flaws with many of these nominees.
It helps when Republicans can choose to just throw out the rules.  Please explain how this is acceptable?  History is watching.
they are all great choices, we must stop the Dems
can you remind me what YOU did when Presidnet Obama had a nominee? Why should President Bannon be treated differently?
just like GOP did to obama for how many years?
