who all cleared the President.
WHY are you letting Angus King talk to these men like this?  Angus King is an ahole! I'd like to get my foot stuck up his @$$
If you're an American and troubled by King's questioning then you're contributing to the destruction of Democracy.
And please don't embarrass yourself; we all know the LEFT cares nothing about our Democracy!  Here's your leader ....
You completely misunderstand Hitler, who was an ethnonationalist authoritarian like Trump.
WRONG!  Trump is nothing like Hitler.  But your little brains just can't understand. Look at your pic? Says it all.
These men need to be held in contempt of congress.
@SenatorBurr If president asks an FBI Director "Am I under investigation?" Is the FBI Director required to respond honestly? Ask Comey 2Day
Richie showed the American people today that he puts Party/Trump/Russia BEFORE Country!#Resign #PutinsPuppet #TrumpsBitch #Traitor #Disgrace
WHY did u interrupt Kamala Harris and NONE of the males?
She needed to be shut down if she wasn't going to hear them answer and he did address the rest so don't make it a feminist thing
She asked a yes or no question! 
No she didn't!  Besides her question went on for 10 minutes!
You allowed blatant contempt of Congress. #ObstructionOfJustice Call them back under subpoena. #TrumpRussia #IndependentCommission
What a waste of time and money.  Sad.
It seemed that the entire committee was upset with the lack of answers. But you singled out Senator Harris and that was wrong of you. Sexist
It is sad when men who are supposed to stand for truth, justice and law refuse to stand for truth, justice,and law. Who has their loyalty?
The 4 Intel Chiefs have kowtowed to the crook in the White House. History will not forgive them. The hour called, and they FAILED! Cowards
https://twitter.com/PhotosbyScout/status/872576237381844992 … Shame on you.
Male senators repeatedly tried to silence Kamala Harris at a hearing. She kept going http://ti.me/2rWZBnx 
Does the 4 witnesses refusal to answer questions today constitute contempt of Congress and or possibly conspiracy to obstruction of justice?
Have you scheduled closed session?
Will you allow yourself to get handled by this admin or step up for yourself/and the GOP? Contempt congress today & you did nothing
You let all these guys off the hook, their discussions with #potus was neither classified nor privileged. This was contempt!
You should be absolutely ashamed about how you treated @KamalaHarris . Apparently #respect and #manners were absent from your upbringing
This hearing was a FARCE...The American People deserve to know the truth.  Sen Burr should have held them all in contempt.  McCain nailed it
From North Carolina ---Richard Burr is a disgrace...We tried to get rid of him---BUT he has too many crooked cronies...which he shows now!
I'm looking forward to the @TIME magazine cover that lists all the politicians who were complicit to treason. #HistoryIsWatching
Is that a shot of Donald pushing someone aside to get to the front ?
Appalling and thought-provoking stonewalling by IC! Their responses (lack thereof) raise questions about their motives and credibility
They're all @realDonaldTrump appointees and more concerned about their jobs than the country! 
Will you now ask them in closed session to answer questions they would not answer in open session?
I'm sending you a big ole hug  for understanding we don't want partisanship.  My vote means more than that. It means my freedom. So thanks.
Pipe down.
Your behavior towards Senator Harris today was textbook southern white male disgusting.
Outraged that Coats, Rogers, McCabe, Rosenstien refused to answer #TrumpObstruction ?'s! Do your job & threaten contempt! #CountryOverParty
@SenKamalaHarris is someone with extensive experience as a prosecutor, AG.  Why do you presume to interrupt her line of questioning?
Disgusting behavior toward Senator Harris. Another pathetic Senator that puts party over country.
Please remind Coats, Rogers, Rosenstein, and McCabe their wages are being paid by the US taxpayers. They showed no respect! And you took it!
These guys were a disgrace today. Are they afraid of Trump? They were under oath, right? And just refused to answer? Are they above the law?
Thank you Senator Burr. I'm not a Repub but in this process I appreciate your balanced approach. We just want truth. Party is 2nd to America
Misogynist Good ol boy system alive & well in Senate. U owe #SenKamalaHarris an apology. We want ansrs, not GOP obstruction. #WomenWithBalls
So how much good do you think that will do?  U certainly stuck your foot in her mouth today.  Not very smart.
They failed to answer questions without a legal reason to do so, what are you going to do?  at min charges of contempt should be issued
CONTEMPT OF CONGRESS.  How can you in good conscience refuse to do your job?!
You should hold them in contempt if congress! How dare they treat the Americans with such disrespect & contempt. They are public SERVANTS?
You have got to be kidding. The way you ran this hearing makes it clear you're in someone's pocket.
Will Rosenstein, Rogers, Coats and McCabe testify and answer your questions in a closed meeting? If not they should be charged with contempt
Shame on you, sir. Your insecurity is showing. Man up & let the woman talk.
These leaders are losers!
Are you dragging your feet bc RNC is complicit in Trump's treason with Russia? You need to be voted out if not worse - traitors all!
You DON'T serve the President/GOP. You are supposed to defend the Constitution & nation. These people must be held in contempt.
What are the consequences to these four men for not answering???  You have oversight. Tell us what THEY SAID BEHIND CLOSED DOORS!
Coats & Rogers are in contempt of Congress. When is the Republican Congress going to do their job? Are you going to keep YOUR oath to Const?
All these people said Trump didn't try to influence them!
Coats is covering up, the rest are riding his tails
Sir, as a citizen, I'm very disappointed that answers were not given to direct questions today. Not acceptable. Not acceptable.
I don't understand how those questioned in the Senate today are able to not answer questions. Would appear that they are in contempt.
There is a Large # of upset ppl about Sen Harris being interrupted & told to be courteous. There were Men that were doing same not interrup.
#Shameful  You clearly showed to woman and our country that we don't have a voice. You don't deserve to be the Chair. What happened to truth
even some of Trumps mouthy surrogates have Russian connections, ie Jack Kingston.
No one cares about their feelings unless they tell us what happened. #ObstructionOfJustice
Deflect. Deflect. Deflect. Putin owns you. Party over country. Dirty and complicit. #swingleft2018
#DNCLawSuit DEMS RIGGED OPENLY, THE DEMOCRATIC PRIMARIES 2016! WHERE IS OUR DEMOCRACY? let's talk about that Electoral Fraud please!
Fun hearing today. TY for insisting that guests received the courtesy of being allowed to respond to questions. Decorum called for.
Thank u for u service Sir, u look like an honourable man
Did you tell Sen. Harris to "Pipe down" because it was becoming obvious how much better she is at her job than you?
hold them all in contempt for not answering.
Your treatment of @KamalaHarris was appalling. A smart woman of color does NOT deserve to be corrected & mansplained to. #Sexist #racist
If we don't get answers to the important questions about the Russia investigation it will prove he need for independent commission.
You was disrespectful to Senator Harris.  Shame on you!  Your behavior towards her was despicable. STOP slowing down the investigation!  SAD
How is not answering direct questions not a violation of LAW. I know if i refused to answer i would be in Jail !
YOU ARE COMPLICIT!...guilty!
Senator Burr, care to explain why the only Senator you interrupted and spoke over was Senator Harris?  Hint, she's a woman.
We The People are watching and we are not amused by your shenanigans. Defend the Constitution from enemies foreign AND DOMESTIC.

You owe Sen. Harris an apology. This hearing was worthless.
I believe that this is a comical progression of power of withholding info. All of these members are criminal in their answers.
Are we smiling enough for you? signed  American females.
Racist misogynistic southern boy showed. You are complicit and why you delay on Russia. All from transition team should step down!
Your committee's "investigation" is an embarrassment & slap in in the face to democracy worldwide. Stop wasting our time and money!
I am disgusted that you only went after a Woman @SenKamalaHarris, cut her off for not being brief enough in your eyes!
Stop covering for Rosenstein. Harris was right in demanding a statement in writing that Mueller should be completely independent.
AS AN AMERICAN I FEEL AS THOUGH THE SENATE COMMITTEE  AND YHE AMERICAN PEOPLE WERE OBSTRUCTED FROM THE TRUTH
I hear you told a female to "Pipe Down" in these hearings. You really don't want another term, do you?
"At no time should you be in a position where you come to Congress w/o an answer." Except they know you have NO TEETH bc you are complicit!
You are the CHAIR. If you're going to let your witnesses get away with not answering, then why bother having the meeting? DO YOUR JOB
The hearing was a DISASTER. Who is the chairman of the Intel Committee? Oh you?  Get your act together, Burr.  You are a disgrace.
REMINDER: @SenatorBurr was on Trump's transition team and should RECUSE HIMSELF so he doesn't chair intel. hearings that TANK like today's.
"With Trump's permission"
Both Coats and Rogers say they'll answer Intel Committee Qs about what Trump might have asked them only if White House gives green light
Another letter answers NOTHING! The time for grandiose speeches is over, do your jobs, issue subpoenas, NOW!
Needs to not be reauthorized, we demand to see how the Obama admin misused this law, NOW! Get off you GOP high horse and do SOMETHING!
Thank you Senator for choosing Country over Party.. the American People will not forget Your Patriotism !! Keep fighting for us!!
@MSNBC didn't want any of them testifying in closed session today .. obviously giving trump time to invoke executive privilege
Being dismissive of females heightens our distrust. This is a singular moment in history. Allow uncompromising questions from everyone.
2- tapes exist! Treason is the worst off all! I am an American and not a Russian- Have u no shame?! I believe in u- I can tell u know truth
Hiding behind Section 702 screams guilt. Stop hiding. Come forth and give your testimony. Are you scared of Trump? Do you worry about life?
Why Hillary never honesty answered a question in her life!!!
This is not about Hillary. That boat sailed last November. This is about facing the public and saying what really happened. This is abt #45
Oh PHOOEY I got a sawbuck that says the only resolution U will accept is the total disgrace and figurative execution of President Trump!
What a joke! Fellow Reps focus on unmasking? Obstruction, perjury, collusion and hacking Election! USA before party! The docs r all there
Interesting that no male Sen gets rebuked but when Sen Harris gets even slightly confrontational you intervene .We noticed!!
I WANT EVERYONE OF THE TO BE HELD IN CONTEMP OF CONGRESS FOR FAILURE TO ANSWER THE QUESTION. HIDING BEHIND MUELLER DOES NOT WORK
This is your chance to prove that you have integrity. If you don't show it now ,the opportunity may never come again. Insist on full answers
Sad to see what these 4 men were afraid of.Russia meddled into our election,& if these 4 are hiding something they should be prosecuted.
Thank you RICHARD BURR, you are a stand-up guy.Get the facts,You ended this AM,with the exact words we all feel.All 4 men,were like babies.
@FBI @TheJusticeDept @CIA has CLEARLY pledged allegiance to @realDonaldTrump & NOT Americans .. these hearings were unjust & disgusting
They keep criticizing #MSM yet when given the opportunity to tell truth, as stated by @SenJohnMcCain with @washingtonpost They forfeit!
Your racism and sexism showed for the world to see today, jackass!!!
Those questions should be addressed in closed session TODAY - NO STALLING!
---> NONPARTISAN <--- Committee!!
He was on transition he shows by slowing down hearings and delays on subpoenas he has no right to be leading this committee
At least he hasn't outright pulled a 'Nunes'.
Sure he did, he could have had them attend closed this afternoon- chose not to!
This afternoon's closed session was cancelled?
Has the executive branch just succeeded in rendering senate intelligence committee ineffective? @MarkWarner #TrumpRussia
No reprimand for Sen. King, but you jumped all over Sen. Harris. Hmmmm...what's the difference?
Hearing waste of time, Dems trying to force their beliefs,not seeking right answer, a rookie sen. Harris on the  comitttiee always off topic
You were extremely rude to Sen Harris. Her actions& questions were no different then your male colleagues. Oh she's not a man!
more leaks... been proven WaPo false place to get info from need find out who their sources are & how reputable they are
Senate is consumed chasing BS. American People R NOT impressed! Trying to destroy intel community. Insane Liar Clapper, is not BAD source
Nice closing remarks! We dont agree on too much, but I thought your comments were needed and well-articulated! 
We Americans pay your salary. The Intel agencies have LOST the confidence of the American ppl. That is on ALL of you and your incompetence
At no time should come to Congress without an answer....unless I'm leading the committee.
Why would they have to deliver a message on their duty to the American people to POTUS ? Oh that's right he's a buffoon
I do not think it was appropriate to "correct" Sen. Harris. I noticed.
Gang of 8! Thank U!
Get Warner to stop implying and spreading lies and rumors. This is NOT a bipartisan investigation, it is all nonsense rhetoric spewing!
@SenKamalaHarris @CNN @MSNBC 

Senator Harris reps 39 million Californian's.
You NEED to show her the proper respect that is deserved #Shame
Shame on you Sen Burr. You showed bias today 
 when Sen Harris was trying to get to the truth.
You didn't cut off anyone else. She's trying to get to the truth. Are You? Sen Harris deserves a Public Apology from you ASAP!!!!
Respectfully, in 702 reauthorization or other specific hearings, Sen Qs s/b limited to the subject. This important issue is getting lost.
be fair, rich.  and still she persisted.

Stop letting the witnesses filibuster! They must answer these questions so the American citizens can learn the truth.
You're rude and compared to Sen Harris an intellectual lightweight!
Came in to say pretty much the same. He's a disgrace.
Ur conclusions r bogus. Comey is being sued 4 illegal spying of MILLIONS of Americans. Try & get YOUR FISA thru now
http://bit.ly/2r6iXTb 
Senator you really need to get a leash on your Dogs. They are drooling and foaming at the Mouth like Rabid Dogs! @MarkWarner @SenAngusKing
What an insult to our country! Stonewalling a means to get answers for the people! Disgusting!
Listen to the testimony - YOU'RE NOT BEING SPIED ON.
Please as a fellow American. We all know you raised money for DJT.

However, PLEASE PUT #CountryOverParty. 

#USA
Now you're trying to stonewall Sen Manchin in today's closed session?
Nice try but you're not going to permanently stonewall this investigation! These career public servants aren't going down for POTUS
I think they made it Crystal clear that their  Allegiance is with @realDonaldTrump & not Americans regardless of party @FBI is with @POTUS
WE THE PEOPLE DESERVE BETTER!!!!
Yes we do.  Sadly, I dont think we'll get it.
WE THE PEOPLE DESERVE JUST SIMPLE QUESTIONS!  THEY SHOULD HAVE BEEN  "PREPARED"  TO ANSWER QUESTIONS TO AMERICAN PUBLIC ALREADY
Do you still think Democrats will not be partisan hacks and use the oversight committee to demonize Trump?
The Obama Administration’s use of the bureaucracies as political weapons and propaganda conduits is an abuse of… https://ifiwerepresidentiwould.wordpress.com/2017/06/07/the-obama-administrations-use-of-the-bureaucracies-as-political-weapons-and-propaganda-conduits-is-an-abuse-of-power-10-times-worse-than-nixons/ …
This hearing is a waste of time and the committee should have known in advance. Only Comey said he wanted to testify publicly.
In your questions two acting Dir McCabe, Mr. King,Dir Coats & Intel Chiefs they gave away in their answer what they are looking 4 in thedata
PLEASE put Coats & Rogers in a close session & get the AMERICAN PPL & CONSTITUENTS the answers.
Thank you Srnator for the investigation .. Proud of you and Wagner
Listening to these hearings we definitely need an independent investigation!!  Country over party!  #iwantmycountryback
SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT!!
Per Teddy Roosevelt, "patriotism means standing by the country.  It does not mean to stand by the president"...iwantmycountryback
If FISA 702 resulted in collection of evidence incriminating Trump & his associates for collusion w/ Russia, they'll argue it is terrible.
U R THE SWAMPS POSTER CHILD! Going the Dems as Ur Not With POTUS & U seek no truth in your dog & pony shoe DISGUST ME!U NEED TO BE REPLACED
