“The time to reform our broken tax code is now.” –@SenatorBurr #TaxReform 
@SenBobCorker to @POTUS: “leave it to the pros?“ PROS have left us debt = $20T. Spending next yr's $$$ to get this yr's vote, pay off K St.
Plus a professional $100T unfunded mandates [Soc Sec/Medicare]. Bet you don't run your household like this. Give @POTUS all thru 2018.
So new you're going to collude with Trump @Lunch. #SHAMELESS
First you need to stop Pres Trump from disemboweling the ACA. The elderly and pre-existing conditions people  will be priced out of market
ACA requires the use of force. Force is immoral. Why be immoral? Why force me?
Your committee MUST investigate the Uranium One scandal. Why would the U.S. sell 20% of our uranium to the Russians??
#LDTPoll: Should the Uranium One informant be allowed to tell Congress and Americans what he knows about Obama-Clinton collusion?
Why don't you like to help kids Sir? https://plus.google.com/+ChristopherLeeHarper/posts/i6e8ZD2971U … https://www.facebook.com/Harpy73/posts/708394806032061 …

new Gallup Poll on how Americans view Trump performance as president: 35% approve, 60% disapprove
Please do the right thing and rid us of the unfit, lying President. YOU KNOW it is the right thing to do. Help America out of this horror.
Why doesn't @RealDonaldTrump have to follow the law?
#CountryoverParty
$20 TRILLION MISSING? Ya need,to get on WHERE IS IT?
Don’t support the Alexander-Murray bailout without freeing people to buy only coverage they want.
REALLY??? Is it to chase FB ADS of the Russians or to INVESTIGATE the LYING, CORRUPT Obama Adm and the CLINTONS! WHAT a complete JOKE!!!!
@SenTomCotton @SenatorLankford @LindseyGrahamSC 

ENOUGH Already!   #LockHerUp
Supporting Thomas Farr as a judge is the worst kind of betrayal of your job. NC will be glad when you're gone.
Shame on you 
Your a Traitor &  RINO
God Bless @Potus
Then stop taking from the middle class to give to the rich. This reform bill does not repair the system - just breaks it even more.
Getting to work OBSTRUCTING the Russia investigation? WE will never let the GOP sweep this shit under the rug no matter how much Putin pays!
You and the rest of congress needs to get this president under control. Don't you dare let him end federal subsidies for #ACA. #Sabotage
#MAGA
Your subjective view of great is a nightmare. Make American Think Again. #MATA
That's your opinion.
Trump would toss you into a wood chipper if he thought it would increase his net worth.
I also hope you get to work on Trump.  Do you want to be remembered as an enabler to an incompetent, or as someone who helped remove him?
WERE you PLAYED...or were you COMPLICIT?????
So the basis for the whole Russia investigation was a fake report paid for by Democrats. And they all kept quiet. How's it feel to be played
Vote no to banks and payday lenders screwing us over. Support Consumer Financial protection not the industry. We are counting on you
When will U join Corker and Flake and speak your conscience?  If silent I see you as condoning and approving of this #bullying President.

From FORBES: Want A Better Economy? History Says Vote Democrat! #SarahLiesLiesLies
https://www.forbes.com/sites/adamhartung/2012/10/10/want-a-better-economy-history-says-vote-democrat/#150c4b29cb44 …
How horrible that you voted to cut Medicare and Medicaid while passing tax cuts for your rich friends. I DO NOT APPROVE, @SenatorBurr
Collusion? Papadopolous, a Kremlin Agent on Trump NSC?
Knowing all we do now, this may be the most damning story *ever written* on Trump and Russia. 

I hope you'll RT it. http://www.businessinsider.com/jd-gordon-trump-adviser-ukraine-rnc-2017-3 …
Why did you vote against repealing Obamacare again?! -- October 19.
Why did you vote against Senator Lee's amendment to defund Obamacare?
Richard, How about you quit playing politics and impeach Trump. He is  obviously unfit and dangerous!
The far left doesn’t understand that the wealthy pay all the taxes in our country. Give everyone a break
Lowest job claims since 1973. Trump is the business President. He understands what it takes to get economy going. Get behind it
Certainly hope you’re going to get behind the Presidents tax plan. Our economy is great and will get even better when everyone gets a break
Why would Fusion GPS take the fifth in testimony to Congress? C’mon these people including HRC need to go to jail. Comey too!
Why does AG Loretta Lynch get yo testify in private over the real Russian collusion story? They gave 20% of our uranium to Russia!
You are on the wall of shame. How can you vote against elderly benefits?
GOP just voted to cut $1.5 trillion from medicare/medicaid. Vote GOP out in 2018!
Why has 45 failed to implement the Russian sanctions?

You and the rest of the GOP followed the orders of the Koch brothers and not your constituents
You don't work you cheat both in N. Carolina and the United States. Trump and money are not worth it. Try being fair.
You are paid and brought by Trump Russia.

REALLY???? Is it to END the Trump collusion FARCE and start LOCKING up the REAL CRIMINALS in the Uranium One CRIME, COLLUSION & BRIBERY?
Hopefully for all people! Hey
IC  knows specific details like that as part of Russian troll training they watched #HouseofCards, @potus calls it ALL lies! @GOP #impeach
THIS LIAR IS DISGUSTING DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT, BE A MAN
#25th for #45th Try work on this for the sake of America #25thAmendment
Can you try working on the #25th instead.
Everyone start screaming right now 
SCREAM LIES LIES @potus is a LIAR! @gop @houseGOP @senategop @senatemajldr @VP @speakerRyan #impeach NOW
Rino
Work you guys haven't done nothing in the Senate kissing up to Democrats is what you doing someone please run against Burr vote Burr out
The only thing that's broken is the G(N)OP and the presidency.
You always frame matters as"broken," the ACA, the tax system...adjustments and revisions perhaps, like our living constitution.
This idea Senator that you and @DevinNunes pretend you don't KNOW WHO in the @GOP financed #SteeleDossier in early days... is BULL.
It's a Distraction. A pitiful attempt 2change the narrative.  It won't work. & if you think America isNOT keeping tabs on obstructionGames?
It is about time @SenatorBurr does some work given that all he has done so far is behave like a unpatriotic liberal loser getting in the way of our @POTUS. #DrainTheSwamp
Richard - Hopefully you're not all talk. I am sure the dems will be happy with anything you have to say especially your boss Mark Warner!
Praise the excellent things POTUS is doing to help GOP strength in congress & help the American people. I support Trump 100% & so should GOP
Trump has a great tax plan, will you pass it? Stop the Dem lies on impeaching, mental state, Russian stupidity & work with POTUS on agenda
Too much time is spent on Russian stupidity & breaks than working with POTUS on promises to American people. How many bills passed senator?
We have a senate that is all talk & doesn't get anything passed.We need 51 votes to get things done in congress. Work with POTUS on promises
How about working harder on Russian investigation, talking to Steele!
If this goes as it's been going since January, most Americans will be harmed by this.
25th Amendment COWARD!!!
Burr must go. Wasting billions on phony lawyers and a made up Russia story.
Looking for some tax breaks for your rich friends?
You need to work to rid this country of that traitorous imbecile down Pennsylvania Avenue.
This is a mere distraction, focus on protecting America from Trump!
No middle class tax increase to fund tax breaks for the rich.
Do you have any comment on the act of terrorism at the Asheville airport this week? Asheville, North Carolina? Still your state, right?
How about single payer so no one dies bc lack of access to health care? Ur motto: Taxes, not people?
No tax plan until POTUS releases his tax returns. And NC voters do not want a tax giveaway to the rich. #TaxFairness
Reauthorize CHIP. Help PR. Secure voting systems by 2018. Get Russians out of the White House. All more urgent than your fat cat tax cut.
I’ll bet you miss your boyfriend Marky Warner
Respectfully, Senator, this investigation re the Russians will likely be your legacy.  Make it honest and honorable. History will remember.
@SenatorBurr wouldn't know honor if it smacked him in the face. Our hard earned taxes are squandered by this fatso on nebulous accusations damaging the country. He's a loathsome sewer dwelling leach.
absolute + imperious +  overbearing + need for  power + wants to control everyone = Trump! Burr you are a coward
I look forward to when you have the courage Bob Corker does and work to get this "moron" Russian puppet out of our White House
Time for the wall #BuildTheWall #EndDACA
They will
Please don't.
You mean cutting taxes on the wealthy and hiking them on the middle class? Or do you look at the data proving this would be a disaster?
how about you also work on #impeachment so we can get our country back. #MAGA begins with @realDonaldTrump stopping his damage to #democracy
No chain migration, support @potus immigration plan inc e-verify if u support american citizens. IF u don't u will expose yourself #tcot
@SenatorBurr @SenThomTillis Work on stopping the aggravating, time wasting phone calls we are being hounded with. Enough is enough!
Don’t pay off your cronies. Save our healthcare and stop the madman in the White House from killing healthcare & starting WWIII
He isn't interested in helping anyone but himself. Not that I'm telling you anything new or he hasn't said in his actions. My  for NC
Who is making laws -- Congress or the Exec Branch? Stop Trump and his exec order to kill the ACA before many people get hurt.  Thanks!
Really? Tax relief to the rich and now no healthcare for the poor. Are you that soulless?
What, is the Russian investigation boring you now? F-ck the tax code. Save our democracy. That should be your ONLY mission Senator Burr.
How about the rule of law.  ie obstructing justice, collision, treason.  All good with you and #GOP.
Gonna work on this?
Trump helped build a Baku hotel that appears to be a corrupt operation linked to Iran’s Revolutionary Guard: http://nyer.cm/md3i1fo  
Yeah get to work on screwing poor/middle class while giving tax breaks to millionaires. the @gop is for the working man! Tough job u got!
 #ObstructionOfJustice
After learning that Priebus was interviewed by Mueller’s team today it’s now clear why Trump invited him to eat lunch with him last week. https://twitter.com/kaitlancollins/status/916024606556934144 …
How about working on CHIP. Childrens healthcare program.
You had responsibility to serve the people. You had responsibility to uphold the constitution. You failed.
Oh great One day your grandchildren will want to know why you and the GOP destroyed America. What will u say?
As a Democrat, I am appalled that you refuse to remove the ingrate in the White House before addressing cutting taxes for the wealthy.
#TREASON $UCK$ + World leaders know! That should be yur highest priority, NOT screwing over hard working Americans to appease the very rich!
I think its time for you to take a long hard look at this president.  He is heading us on a path to war, Country before party.
Mr Burr. If there is going to be a huge tax rate cut what will fund programs like FEMA?
How about getting to work on the 25th amendment & saving our country. Or at least saving our citizens who r still suffering from hurricanes
Not fooled by windfall for wealthy while increasing the deficit.  Next will be to gut social programs. Do NOT support this ridiculous plan.
Sadly Americans highly doubt congress will pass anything to help us. Even those voting yes are doing it knowing others will stop it
Nah, no more tax breaks for the rich!
OMG this fraud didn't just say that. We been wrkn u been taking $outa our Chk , giving it to illegals,fake Russia&1/2theworld.wewantchange
Unless you speak out against Trump you will lose my vote. I will actively campaign against you....
Says the man who doesn't answer emails or faxes or has meetings in NC. I may have voted for U, but next time I won't.
Do your job on getting Trump impeached.  If this is tax cuts for the rich, forget it.  I will be watching your vote.
It's about time Senate works!
Well I guess you better find a few new senators because your obstructionist are still their
you have decided to actually do something? I thought you were Senator Warrens sock puppet! As usual you won't be accomplishing anything
Ur duty to American people is ending Ur witch hunt against a sitting President bc he undermines U. If could, we'd rout GOP Congress. ABUSERS
What are the odds of #Senate passing this year with the usual #GOP flakes opposing it???
Save the CHIP program. That's 9 million kids' healthcare on the line.
How about re-funding NC Health Choice so our kids can see the doctor when they need to? #CHIP
And unless @GOP can come up with a better alternative to the #ACA, leave it alone! Tell your boss to stop taking funds from the poorest ppl
Hey, how about impeaching the lunatic at 1600 Pennsylvania?!? Pretty please!!! @realDonaldTrump @SenThomTillis
How about reining in the man trying to bippity boppity boo his way through ACA destruction?

How much of our Country's well being, security and reputation does POTUS have to sabatoge before you think tax reform is no longer worth it?
Work on refunding healthcare subsidies instead. People will die without insurance.



Wtf, why did you take another vaction? how about doing you job and stop the Russia witch hunt your pushing


Please stop Trump!
The rich and corporations must pay
You’re losing voters Senator Burr. I see you’re dragging your feet on Trump obstruction and Russia collusion
There will be NO TAX CUTS FOR THE WEALTHY while you put North Carolinians at risk with no healthcare!
Why are you allowing Trump to uninsured 500,000+ North Carolinians by taking away their subsidies? How can you do that to them? They are your constituents!
Your a joke! No evidence what’s so ever against Trump and you won’t close it! Won’t get my vote again.
Now there is a Sorry example of a NC Republican that I held my nose & voted for!  Never again!  His term will end & I will vote against him!
Congress delegated nothing. Trump was not given permission to do this. He did this because of filibuster rule. Abuse of power.
So why am I dreading this? Tax cuts for the reach??
An order that unilaterally goes against the rules governing the making or changing of laws. Such orders can have Pres. Removed from office
Might be important, but I really don’t think it was important enough to allow a maniac to remain our president for almost a year.
Work on this! Do your job.
No work on putting forth impeachment papers for this EO just signed. An order that goes against our constitution.
Y'all fill your pockets full of money now.
Stop with the crappy tax reform proposed and get that deranged maniac out of office before he starts a nuclear war!
Senator Burr, As you look out for your Rich Friends & Donald Trump You Are Not looking out for the Residents of North Carolina! Shameful!
How about getting the lunatic traitor outta the WH first-thanks
No, it’s time to vote in favor of the House bill to help PR and to reauthorize CHIP. Your tax cut/my tax hike can wait, Richie Rich.
You have WAY more important things to deal with. Puerto Rico. CHIP. Keeping the president's fingers off the red button.
And PUERTO RICO!!!!
Trump just screwed over the most vulnerable Americans. What are you going to do about that. Hope you don't have any pre-existing conditions
He won't do shit. He's a Trump ass kisser who wants to be a lobbyist when he retires.
Well it shouldn't be a big jump. He's practically one for the NRA, Insurance, and anyone else who's pockets are deep enough.
Didn't @POTUS just dump Iran and healthcare back on Congress? You have more important things to work on.
Yes, you and the rich need to push this through to increase the national debt which all of you claimed would not happen. NEVER AGAIN LIE.
You've pretty much accomplised nothing this year. Pathetic.
Yes gotta feed those donors, amirite?
Yeah,we'll see. You guys haven't been too good at keeping your campaign promises. Seems like both sides conspire 2 make sure nothing happens
The tax code needs to be reformed so capital gains are taxed like regular income, not at a low rate.
Prevent the nuclear war Trump is stoking with North Korea and Iran first, then let's start on the tax code. Priorities you know.
Won't be nuclear from our end.  And they have been picking a fight for years.  We just finally have a @POTUS with a brain and a spine!
That's the sort of nihilistic attitude that'll get a lot of people killed for no reason. Is flexing our muscles worth the cost?
Yes.  We have been over civilized with both of these regime's for far too long.  Their sponsored terrorist are already costing lives.
Turning the Middle East and the Korean Peninsula/Pacific Rim into a nuclear wasteland will hurt a lot more people.
It won't come to that unless they nuke themselves.
You don't think Iran would nuke Israel? North Korea, Japan or Guam? Is it worth the risk to our allies? Gambling on nukes, man. Dangerous.
I think that's why I'm glad Trump is @POTUS .  Our allies could live in peace without the bullies.
What have you been doing the last 22 years, besides stealing judgeships?
Taking bribes, I'm sorry "contributions" from the @NRA
https://www.opensecrets.org/members-of-congress/contributors?cid=N00002221&cycle=2016 … yup look a check from Blue Cross Blue Shield and other health insurance agencies
Please confirm your agenda with Mark Warner.
