So, a curious constituent wants to know how you feel about Nazis.
Because your statement says nothing about Nazism, just "violence."
Does this condemnation of violence also apply to police violence, or just people fighting Nazis?
Thanks for your non-response in advance.
Thank you for your words about @POTUS today. I appreciate your candid and appropriately critical words~with which I agree. Thank you.
I am so interested as to why terrorism in Spain gets a formal letter instantly but Charlottesville... Not so much. Link to my buried graf.
Lame, Burr. Too bad you do not condemn Nazis in the population and Nazis in the WH with the strongest possible terms.
Just remember,  there are not enough Nazis in NC to get re-elected.
You as our representative must denounce White supremacists and the KKK and other hate groups! We can't allow Trump to minimize the violence!
Please tell me there is more than this. We are dying and the racist maniac in the White House continues to foment it. Where is strength?
Sorry, dying from Nazi murder I mean.
As long as that Nazi sympathizer sits in the Oval Office, your words are hollow.
Thank you Senator Burr
Please address open display of weapons, fire arms, swastikas, salutes, body armor, sticks.
Mr. Burr-I see the Nazi sympathizer is still in the White House. Care to comment beyond being a fan of his accomplishments? ::s::
Go farther. If you really reject racism, denounce @realDonaldTrump. Make N.C.'s voice heard. #DumpTrump
Where do you stand regarding Nazi sympathizers Mr. Burr? Donnie's a proud Republican after all-I worry you won't stand up to him. :scott:
It took 3-days to put together this passive aggressive, halfhearted condemnation of violence? There are literal torch-wielding nazis.
Nazis are super easy to condemn-a total softball. The only people you'll piss off are Nazis--but who cares? They're literally the worst.
Ready to impeach Trump yet?
You were quoted as saying Trumps statement was misguided.  Why not call it as it is and that his crazy.
Trump can not be allowed to minimize these hate groups, as he did on Saturday! Blaming the victims and justifying Ms. Hefner death!
Actions speak louder than words! We evicted Nazis in Germany, evict the Nazis in the White House! #ImpeachOrResign
Do you condemn Nazi racists, or stand with the President? The people need to know. #cltRise
Be a leader. Don't be complicit with neo-Nazism. The GOP has much to answer for by standing by @POTUS. Impeach/25th amend. He is dangerous.
Your mealy mouthed statement means nothing without action to back it up.
Coward or Nazi
Ambiguity noted
What are your thoughts on @realDonaldTrump right now? Bc it's time to stand up against him. Please, for once, just be a decent human being
So violence is bad. How obvious. Be brave and say "Bigotry is bad." Be braver and demand POTUS reject moral equivalence. Silence=support.
Trump is a bigot and a nationalist. His father was a member of the KKK! Hate and bigotry has no place in the Presidency. Trump must GO!
Gutless! Trump defended them. Call him out. Trump will take Republicans down with him, defending NAZIs!Grandkids r Jews
That's all you got?  You need a new speechwriter -- preferably one with a backbone.  Condemning racists isn't hard.  Try it.
What a coward. Really lame. Is it's Trump's wrath you are afraid of or do you agree with Trump and fear the people of NC's wrath? IMPEACH!
Proud NC voter to have a senator who has courage 2 say POTUS statement on Charlottesville didn't go far enough denouncing hate groups.
Will you vote for censure?
The Senator's voice is muffled by his hood.
But what about the Nazis?
Pitiful.. seriously?!  This is your response?  So sad!! What a disgrace.
Where is your condemnation of our Nazi President?
Are you bothered that there is a white supremacist in the white house leading your party??
SHAME ON YOU.
You can't even call Nazis, white supremacist, and terrorists out for what they really are.
And censure @realDonaldTrump for being a threat and divisive leader. Grow a spine!!!!
Then condemn those who voted for you who may identify as white nationalists and klan members for crossing over into VA and spewing hatred
When will you & rest of GOP ACT!! You & rest of GOP look like fools! Open your eyes & hearts #Act #GOPownsMess
Sir, it is time. Will this be the last straw for you, as it is for me? I fought for our Country, and for our Great State. Will you? 
More than 7,000 North Carolinians gave their lives to defeat the Nazis. Sir, will you wink at the Nazi resurgence within our shores? 
Good start but where is your condemnation of the Klan for this atrocity! Standing with the Prez is standing with Klan - not my rep!
I'm sure you're a closeted member of the KKK. You sellout for money and skin color. #YourLastTerm #Racist
Time to stop being a coward Richard. Call out the nazi loving maniac in the White House. Your NC constituents expect you to behave honorably
Insufficient!
Pretty cowardly statement, Senator.
Not sure why it took so long. Pitiful statement
Call the white nationalist,kkk n nazi out. Stand for Americans not 4 racism n #trump
Not nearly good enough, and late to boot. We need strong leadership now more than ever. Even rats know when to jump off the ship.
You're absolutely right @BlockeBuilders
Time to come out and denounce 45's continued cuddling with the alt-right.  Your voice matters.  Stand with your constituents in NC.  #GSO
Non-statement. When do you condemn white supremacists, anti-semites? They were there to start a fight.
We've had enough of 45! Please remove him! He's truly a danger to all we hold dear as Americans. Happen to catch him on TV just moments ago?
Your constituents are capable of seeing through your carefully crafted condemnation. #Charlotteville
Perhaps now you might DIRECTLY condemn Nazi terrorism & tell POTUS you reject his dangerous, vile racism. And- it's time for impeachment.
I regret having voted for you in 2016. I won't make the same mistake in 2022.
This is a nothing statement. You are nothing. If you are ever remembered in history, it will be for your failure as a moral leader.
REPEAT AFTER ME: DOMESTIC TERRORISTS or are you too busy washing your hood
You won't be getting a monument for that weak tea.
Wow what cowardice.  You don't even have the strength of conviction to call out white supremacists and NAZIs
Almost as weak as the trump's.  As a resident of NC I've been wondering who it is you're really representing... thanks for clarifying
Using the word "violence" without condemning Nazis is very telling.
So who are you condemning?  Who do you support?  Your record, not your empty statements, depicts you as a racist.
That's it? That's all you've got? Is the GOP really that dependent upon the Nazi vote? You must be so proud.
A few days late on this, Senator Burr.  You & all the GOP now OWN this racism, like you OWN Trump.  Good-bye GOP party.
That's all you've got???  No condemnation of white supremacist terrorists?  You must be (like Trump) afraid of upsetting your base.
To late, man. Shameful.
Of course, you do know Heather Heyer's death in Charlottesville would've been legal in North Carolina?  Right?
Not enough.
Damn Dick! It's Terrorism! Call it what it is & don't be a pu$$y! Confederate monuments are participation trophies for civil war losers
Refusing to denounce white supremacists...
This response to #Charlottesville makes me wanna throw everything in my house out the window. SORRY PETS. R U F*NG kidding me, @SenatorBurr
Do us a favor and remove Trump from office. This all started with him and his minions.
You endorsed Trump. Loser.
Sir, please start standing against hate by supporting @LindseyGrahamSC & @CoryBooker bill to protect Mr. Mueller. You KNOW it's time!
Our White House is infested by hate (Bannon, Gorka, Miller) & ignorance (Trump, Kushner, Ivanka). Our constitution demands you intervene!
How about condemning the White Supermacists and Nazis not just "violence" You are complicit in this mess.
U & most of your GOP Senate colleagues, along with most in the House are playing with fire for not impeaching T. He'll burn all of u soon.
At least your arch enemy Hillary Rodham Clinton (this country's legitimate President) had the balls to condemn the Nazis, KKK, & white supr.
Senator, I believe u and many of your colleagues secretly admire Pres. Trump for his racist views, regardless of your generic condemnation.
You shame all citizens of NC with this response. We need a representative that will stand with us against bigotry and hate.

Resign.
You suck. This one will come back to haunt you.
As your constituent I find your statement wholly inadequate. This was an act of terror spurred on by the #altright and you know it.
So that's it?! After days of pondering what to say that's what you come up with?  Complicit
That's it???! You own this @SenatorBurr. How does it feel to be a champion for a Nazi??
Incredibly saddened by the weakness of our NC senator.

Yeah,  it sucked!
Can't even specifically denounce a neo-Nazi murdering an American standing up for justice and equality. A disgrace.
US soldiers died fighting Nazis 70+ years ago, but you can't bring your racist self to condemn them now. Shame.
It's interesting how you, too, fail to explicitly call out white nationalists and Nazis. No, not interesting. Horrifying.
You should specifically call out the evil un-American values perpetrated by the Alt Right groups in Charlottesville. Shame on you.
Too little. Too late.
Pathetic
110 replies,all but two calling you out for this weak vague Trumpian statement. I am your constituent, and I despair of you ever standing up
Everyone in NC outraged by these words should be just as outraged at the attempt to shut down @UNCCivilRights, and take action to stop it
Yeah... I think directly addressing the evil posed by white supremacy is very important here.
Way to go out on a limb @SenatorBurr .  Just like the trumpanzee
You are my senator. Actions speak louder than words. Begin impeachment proceedings against the man in whose name they marched.
Denounce white supremacy. Oppose hate. Stop voting for policies that hurt minorities, the poor. Show us that your are not #Charlottesville.
The country will come together when the @GOP stops embracing the racism, hate and greed that have taken over the party.
you must condemn racism, Nazism, and the white nationalists. you must or you are just as bad as they are.
Be specific @senatorburr tell your president you don't tolerate this speech by clearing his staff of those that deal in it #Charlottesville
As your constituent I would like to know why you did not say anything about the way Trump first commented. It's time #impeachtrump
Your statement is grossly inadequate.  @IndivisiblesNC @ndivisibleNC6 #IndivisibleCLT @IndivisibleNC5 @IndivisibleNC5 @IndivisibleWNC
read it weak like the presidents.    y'all need to have a town hall.  we have a lot to discuss. football players don't back down.
Standing with all Republicans Stand Together and Strong
All these groups are Hate groups and Fake Media lies playing a Big Part of HATE
and it is wrong. and sure, he is retired. he may be dead. but the ideology isn't. so senator? do something more than condemn violence. 5/
and the dragon lived about, at the most 45 miles away from you. i was shocked. and it was/is real. so name it. call it what it is. 4/
real. i moved within 4 miles of the grand dragon of the kkk at that time. do you know where this is? you do. because you live in winston. 3/
charlotte to rowan county. when i moved to rowan county i discovered to my surprise, because i grew up in the chicago area, that the kkk was
is that it? is that all? violence? nothing about nazis? kkk? i will tell you something. i moved to nc in 1977. in 1979 i moved from 1/
I'm sorry, Senator. This doesn't cut it. You're either aligning yourself w/ the violent (among whom I include T) or your blind 2 the world.
#actionsSpeakLouderthanWords
Shame on you, @SenatorBurr! If you can't condemn Nazis and domestic terrorists, you have no place in the Senate! #Charolettesville
Be specific. Stand for something. #pathetic
Late and weak statement.
Your response says nothing. You said nothing about the white supremacists. Your state demands more than this
When are you going to bring your circus invitation to an end.
Hate is hate..  the title it falls under is mute.. by the way .a lot of hate in the posts above. Just saying..
#altriggt NAZIs chanted "heil trump" They admire @putinrf + trump! The attack was domestic terrorism! #FireBannon #treason=hate
Blaming Potus for riots is like blaming the ranger when a bear shits in the woods! Virginia judge that ok'd the riot is to blame
Woefully inadequate.
"I'm terribly saddened by Richard's behavior. Pig-f***ing has no place in our society" = OK. "Richard must stop f***ing pigs" = GREAT.
Repeat after me: "I condemn white nationalists and all racial violence. There is no place for this cancer in our country."
How hard is that? Just treat it like everything else you've ever said: a lie. Say the words and go right back to screwing us over Mr Burr.
Sen Burr isn't N.C. one of the states attempting to pass laws that would make it legal to "accidently" hit a protester w a car?
Can you retire now, instead of when your term ends? North Carolina would be appreciative.
Can u investigate every single Nazi please. People on Instagram are finding out who each face holding a torch was. If social media can u can
Could you sound less enthused, Senator?
To quote #Hamilton, "You are the worst, Burr."
you need to explicitly condemn White Supremacy ASAP! Vagueness isn't enough. #charlotesville
.@SenatorBurr WEAK. You're too scared to call out racism by its name? NC voters will remember.
.@SenatorBurr do you remember the Greensboro massacre? This was the same: racist murder. Say it or live with your shame.
Yes, but what about RACIST violence? You and your President and his administration are jokes. Sit down.
You needed to take this further! U need to explicitly denounce Nazism, racism, and white supremacy, and nationalist politics!
As seen in some comments, Nazis are taking your statement as support. Is that what you meant? Could you be specific in your condemnation?
What a vague, cowardly non-reply. Why can't you name/condemn Nazi-ism and white supremacy?
ANTIFA & BLM Bussed in to INCITE VIOLENCE is what started it off & Leftist Gov & Mayor who told Police 2 STAND DOWN-blood on their hands too
Don't Hear LIBTARD LEFT OR MEDIA calling out BLM or ANTIFA who were bussed in to INCITE the VIOLENCE-protest was wrong but peaceful B4 them
Senator, you need to do a little bit better than that.
Democrats lost it all because they got comfortable and didn't listen to the people screaming at them. Here's to hoping you repeat the past
Wow. You put very little effort into that statement. A a very minimum you should call out the nazis.
Mr. Burr your statement cannot be interpreted as more than "Sorry, shit happens". A life was taken with purpose by a White Terrorist #evil
Maybe White American Terrorist, you know like Radical Islamic Terrorist, the heinous immorality is equivalent. #HeatherHayer
I doubt if it had been a Muslim behind the wheel of that Charger you would have put out a 'milk toast' statement. This is terrorism!!!
Hoffifying. #NC Senator Burr also refuses to denounce #Charlottesville racists. The @GOP has chosen to BE the #WhitePower party.
#MAGA  too late for the left
As a new North Carolinian, I look forward to the day where I can cast a vote that removes you from office. Too vague and too late, Burr.
He's not running for reelection. So basically he doesn't give a shit.
Seriously disappointing. Take a  stand and say in a loud voice these are domestic terrorists and will not be tolerated.
Wow, took you 2 days to come up with that vague non-statement???
He's a wuss what else should we expect from our senator. He's got to get off the bench, do real work towards impeaching someone#impeachtrump
What about the rest of the issue? Do you also condemn what they were advocating for? Denounce not only violence, but what they stand for.
Can you clarify that you do in fact condemn racism, nazi-ism, and white supremacy?  Why so vague?  You can use more than 140 characters.
Trump will cost YOU votes. Remember that!
Only took you 48 hours. What an absolute disgrace.
BUT ... you did not castigate Trump for his first response or his delay in giving a better one. Shame on YOU. You're no better than he is.
While your words may be heartfelt,  please create policies and laws to address and prosecute domestic terrorism.#NoConfederate
A pretty mild statement. Let Trump know there's no place for alt-right in WH. #fireGorkaBannonMiller
Like Trump, you completely, and probably purposely missed the mark. White supremacist & Neo-Nazis had military weapons!!
Just more diversion, what I expected. Backbones are rare in Washington. Pitiful
You are as vague as the leader of your party. You have become an embarrassment to your constituents.
Oh it was only the violence that saddened you? You okay with the racist chants and flags?  I can't believe this took you 2 days
Not much of a statement
Thank God your views are not in line with the IGNORANT people placing blame and criticism on POTUS!
UNFIT
How can you continue to support the thugs in the WH?
Say it: "DOMESTIC TERRORISM"

Coward!
Take a stand against hate. Denounce the white supremacists. Demand that #FireBannonMillerGorka we can not allow Nazis in the White House
Gee, Senator, that was 2 days ago.  Were you waiting for Trump to speak first???
So are you calling this "white supremacy terrorism"?
Why can't you condemn white supremacists?
You're an enabler. #TrumpsTerrorists
I do not trust Trump. I will not support him nor will I back anyone who does. Signed - Registered NC Republican
I'm quite dumbfounded at how inadequate this is. Somehow worse than @POTUS 's awful statements.
Trump owns this and he failed this test
Weak as water. How about NC proactively relocate our monuments to galleries, dismantle rally points for this behavior, to unlearn racism?
Call it domestic terrorism by white supremacists. And get the #NCGA to kill the bill that would protect drivers who hit protesters @NCGOP
Can you share more info about this bill, I haven't seen that one yet?
Violence? You don't mention white supremacy, racism, fascism, Nazis, all the vile things that set this off? Too little, too vague, too late!
That is a weak statement. You make me ashamed as a North Carolinian. I'll let you know how much at the ballot box.
It's time to #DumpTrump before he takes down the whole lot of you @GOP Where are the patriots amongst you? #ImpeachTrumpNOW

Watch this Canadian doctor own a GOP senator on universal health care in 2014 

Critical {thread} on countering #ActiveMeasures 

Share widely....#InformationWarfare https://twitter.com/selectedwisdom/status/892687581414129664 …
Your silence makes you complicit.
Say NO #TravelBan for refugees.
Pictures say more than a thousand words 
Don't truat Richard Burr , he put Party over Country.
