@ericgarland @MarkWarner it better get better than it has been so far RU witnesses dying & so are US soldiers.  @SenJohnMcCain
propaganda! Dems lost not because of Russia but dem idiology!
uhm ...no.
Russia hacked the voting machines? It had nothing to do with Hillary, and obama?
you need to read your history. You are arguing that Nazi propaganda or Fire Act had nothing to do with  Hitler's appointment
Russia hacked voting machines & turned blue states red? Russia has tried to influence elections for yrs! FBI said this is nothing new
really. Truly. Find some honesty. & read something outside Fox propaganda  http://www.newsweek.com/fbi-director-james-comey-russian-tampering-election-576417 …
lol! Really never stopped him before! Hillary blamed Comey for her loss for speaking out when he wasn't suppose to!
Looking forward to it! America is counting on you to conduct full and fair investigation into Trump/Russia.
How about the FACT that DemRAT 0bama spied on Trump and his team? That is a crime.
U MUST be one of those bots we keep hearing abt or you've been under a rock #falseclaims
Bots are Soros and DemRAT paid serfs in call centers. They reside on the DemRAT Nanny State Plantation.
You need to adjust your aluminium hat.  Your signals are being crossed
Pap from an uneducated serf on the DemRATS Nanny State Plantation. Now go get a brain.

LIKE EVERY OTHER POTUS...JUST RELEASE THEM TO SAY THE LEAST! TRANSPARENCY should be on WH list w/36% ap
Whateves
You looked like a fool standing next to a man who's already said Trump's ppl did it multiple times.  RINO  !
Please sir, DemRATS R not ur friend. They R the enemy within. Don't B the proverbial deer in headlamps. The Republic is at risk
NO evidence about Trump Team!If so,would be up in lights! Cmon,get thru smokescreen to Real felony=leaks,spying, Evelyn Farkas
agreed.  She admiited it on national tv.
Grateful for your public hearing today and your news conference  yesterday...we are counting on you for a fair, thorough and complete inv.
Russia Russia Russia. Months of stupid accusations with no proof. Here is a fact. DemRAT 0bama spied on Trump Tower & Trump.
I have pages of proof that Obama spied on Trump! Maybe not legally, but HE DID IT. Stop protecting Obama! Criminal
why are you allowing Warner to frame the issue you know Trump is not involved with Russia why no mention of obama spying?!
because he's a RINO.
We have lost whatever respect for 45 we had & he has zero credibility & integrity. Thanks for ur work for the USA
who is we?  Do you speak for everyone?
Why aren't you investigating Hillary Clinton selling 20% Uranium to Russia? She then receives $145M from Russia.
This Russia fake news goes back to Obama and Admin. That is the REAL Story, not Trump or his Admin.
If you aren't willing to believe a Sitting President, then you have NO business doing investigating on him. BIAS
Listening this morning; Warner can't do this. He's calling POTUS a liar. Obama DID Spy!
Fmr Obama Official Reveals Pre-Inauguration Effort to Gather Intel on Incoming Trump Team - Breitbart http://bit.ly/2ozqetS 
can't wait for you Internet info to be available. Hope you enjoy the pay off for voting yes.
#Yates must be able #2Testify.Trump is putting us in seriousDanger.All his team have RussianTies+ Trump&teamLies
can we move on from the Russians?  It's absolutely ridiculous.  Trump won cuz 62+ million Americans voted 4 him.
Thank you, Senators for putting patriotism and our democratic institutions before politics.
..you represented our Country well today. . with conviction, fairness. 2016 opened my eyes to politics! Country 1st
..to the both of you: I was most impressed with how you handled yourselves today. Professional. Integrity. Openness
Thank you for providing hope that we can have a bipartisan investigation.
American ppl trusting u both to set aside party ideology/allegiance and help us know if @POTUS committed Treason.
FANTASTIC!  Bipartisanship!
Trump surveillance SHOULD be Top Priority! Democrat Russia/inuendo is 2 distract from unmasking,leaking=Watergate on steroids!
.@SenatorBurr @MarkWarner Thanks to you both for seeming to take the oversight job seriously. House committee making me lose faith.
I don't agree w/you on much. I admire ur attitude toward gov't & serving the people. Nice to see u with warner.
Sirs, you cannot ignore the ongoing benefits Russian has gained over us. #Trumprussia
I watched the two of you on tv. I trust the two of you to have courage and find the truth. Our country counts on it
The truth must come out to protect our Democracy.  Thank you for driving this forward.  #CountryB4Party
hope this is truly bipartisan where the Clintons ties to Russia will also be investigated, follow facts, right?!
Pls can I ask that U respect each other. Stand 2gether 2 get 2 the truth. That's wot's important. Don't let us down
my new hero sen burr
So if going to cover it, cover it all; FAIRLY. We know Podesta, Hillary and other DEMS involved w Russia as well.
During Obama Admin; Russia Amb visited 6x for Hillary.
FACTS show John Podesta involved w Russia; Hillary sold 20% uranium to Russia; money deposited in ClintonFoundation
If you're going to be FAIR, then you need to expand the SEARCH back to John Podesta & Hillary Clinton w Russia.
Thank you.
I'm so sick of Rhinos! They always go out of their way 2 kowtow to Dems!  I want to know what info Nunes was given!
Looking forward to your committee proving Obama admin did in fact surveil/tap @POTUS and staff plus leakers !!
Thank you for doing your job. Please continue to put the country before party. We are watching and appreciate it!
thank u Sen. Burr/Warner. Proud American here, but lost faith in @HouseIntelComm due Rep Nunes's strange behavior
HOW'D #DNC @HouseIntelComm #AWANBROTHERS STEAL HDs/INTEL
WARN ISIS IN YEMEN, KIA #RYANOWENS & ESCAPE?
@SenatorBurr @MarkWarner #MAGA #CNN
A win! https://twitter.com/ronnehring/status/847135420953571328 …
You and Warner stood up their and convicted Trump today and the Left ran with it!
I watched the press conference. You were fair n open minded n Sen. Warner gave a campaign speech. Seemed clear...
..that he had already made up his mind. We want the truth. Dems give us hearsay, NYT stories, n speculation.
Thank you both for doing your jobs!  This is important for our country!
Our IC already interfered in France's elections. Where's your proof any other country has.
all the info I posted on this thread is just a drop in the bucket of the ocean the public is much more educated
if u think we r going 2accept what happened the past 8years like Benghazi ur sadly mistaken few believes hysteria
Why did Sick Obama & CIA involve in French election?
yall keep on digging for the Russian Connection to yall starting the damn War
it has also been said HRC had 200 secret service programs on her secret server! What r u doing about that!
kudos for a bipartisan speech representing integrity! ensure integrity of our political process for agreat country!
You were great...Mark? he just want's to know about @POTUS taxes?  What a joke! more to worry about then that
I guess you really want Crooked Hillary in office so you can continue your crooked ways.  Burr lost my vote
You guys need to follow all leads - including organized crime, shell companies and offshore pirate banks
Class Act you guys!!! After the last 2 weeks of bad body language and twisted words.....that was straight forward!!
Thank you to both of you. I have much confidence after watching there will be a bipartisan effort.
&  Mr. Warner if you want the Presidents taxes CHANGE THE LAW! We r sick of ur promotion of hysteria! Stop it!

3. Kushner, Schwarzman have taken so much Chinese $$ while pushing no TPP/NAFTA they should be required to register as lobbyists for Beijing 

12. Oh and just *5 days* before the election another Trump project financed by a Russian billionaire pal of Putin went bust in Canada 

16. Remember Trump-Bayrock SoHo project with Russian partners that was sued for fraud?

DM from loan manager who saw Trump's tax returns  
Why did you let Warner attack our President at this Presser. Their is no way this Senate Invest is partial.
As a very interested American, I pray you two and your committee will boldly go where no man has gone before, TRUTH
I was impressed with your patriotism..pls dont back down..our country is more important than any party or President
thank you for your press conference and the transparency. Continue nonpartisan leadership for our nation!
Why should we believe this will be unbiased? All signs show you politicians can't work together.
After watching this conference, Im more confident in the integrity of this investigation. 
(NCconstituent who did not vote 4 u)
Call in Evelyn Farkas.  Here is your smoking gun on surveillance of Trump's staff.
Your press conference sounded reassuringly  professional for such an important task. Good luck both and all.
@cspanMcArdle @MarkWarner it's a sad day when the president need protection from inside..As they fight for sanctuary cities.
Are you also going to investigate Hilliary & the uranium deal & the Podesta brothers' ties to the Russian gov?
He is so so obviously trying to pin Russia thing on Trump. Up to you to keep things fair.
@cspanMcArdle @MarkWarner Great distraction from Schumer and others who are determined to break the law over illegal refugees..
...thank u for saying that even though u voted 4 45, the committee will go which ever way the evidence leads! We r counting on u
@cspanMcArdle @MarkWarner how many investigation's does it take to say.. Nothing found.. Great distraction from Clinton
& a nation wide video  (snoop dog) POS can release shooting POTUS! Get real!
After watch this I don't trust you at all Burr!
Here's a surprise.. peep voted 4 Trump cause we don't want world order, open borders.We want wall, strong military!
Mark you have the Trumptards in a tailspin
This sounds like a witch hunt to me! The amish pushed the Trump win in places like PA. NOT RUSSIA!
Clinton campaign needs to be investigate as they have their own Russian connection. End the media lies. Be honest
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE KNOW THE TRUTH. MODERN DAY WITCH HUNT. I hope you're not part of the 30% that's compromised.
Hope you guys know the longer you take on this fake Russia scandal the longer this dark cloud lingers above this administration
Please try and be an honest man with integrity in your involvement with the #russiagate investigation.
can't believe you waited 25 years to go to work.
we all know what is going on & we r the many now is the time 4 law & order. Stop w/ the Russia hysteria
Thanks. We're all counting on you to get to the bottom of #TrumpRussia. The world will be watching closely.
Sally Yates better be one of those invites!!!!! Show some integrity! Country over party!
independent investigation!!!
Why did you allow Warner to insinuate that Russian 'rigged' the election of President Trump? No loyalty. Swamp?
BURR for President in '20! I will go house 2 house & any campaign'n 4U, etc! We need a "REAL" trustworthy Republican! Please
Also Sen. Burr, why aren't you investigating Clintons/Obamas ties with Russia where there is ample proof of such?
Unfortunately Senator Burr you allowed Warner to walk all over you at the press conference. Take a note from Nunes.
Excellent job, Senators. Our faith is renewed. Thank you. 
Senator Burr, just want you to know I am a Dem who respects and trusts u. Don't let us down.
THANK YOU for putting America over partisan politics.
Senator Burr...hope you'll prove to be 'nonpartisan' as you've stated. I still remember...http://www.dailykos.com/story/2016/10/31/1589286/-Richard-Burr-talking-about-gun-owners-shooting-Hillary-Clinton-is-no-joke …
Difficult 4 me 2 trust a man's judgement who chose 2 vote 4 an immoral man, Trump.
We the People are counting on you. The Constitution's sanctity is in your hands and the Founders empower you.Gd bls
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Sen Burr & Sen Warner!
The under lying is that Russia wants to weaken America. Millions have given their lives to protect this country.
We are counting you to be independent in your investigation and not to cave like @DevinNunes @SenToddYoung
propaganda of this Russian hysteria which is distracting from the known fact of a felony that should b investigated
Thank you both. Our country needs you.
.@SenatorBurr .@MarkWarner Please do a comprehensive intel review including the Clinton relationships with Russia and the Uranium deal.
Rep Congress "tRUMP could murder a child on the WH lawn,eat him raw and those pussies in Congress will never do a thing.”
seriously u have seen nothing illegal about leaks what about the unmasking & leaking Flynn's name a felony!
Look at all the low IQ fools believing the Russian Fairy Tale.The 650k emails and AWAN bros ISI is the real scandal
Sirs please, don't let casino mob billions influence truth. Love loyalty our nation do protect defend support 
THANK YOU SENATORS! You have made me proud and confidence in your ability to get the job done correctly.God bless
you realize the American people do not trust Congress after Benghazi!
when are you going to look at clinton Russia connection ?
Thank you both for working together and putting the people over party.  Rep Nunes could learn something from you.
You say you are looking at all the facts..what about the ClintonPodesta involvement?
Sad you will not speak up about US interference as ACT OF WAR Just big deal when it happens to US
BTW some of  Warner's comments didn't sound to bipartisan tell him to tone it down his true colors are showing
DemRAT Warner spent time campaigning during the news conference. You allowed that. Stop these Marxist DemRATS. Stand & FIGHT!
If you are looking into the facts.what about the involvement of Podesta and Hillary ? If not, why
I'm so very thankful for your dedication to get to the bottom of the Trump/Russia intrigue. We're counting on you
Sorry Senator Burr... for all the tweets but I have a lot of info that can't be ignored.  I just posted a little.
If you are looking into this completely you should look at the Clinton Podesta involvement as well
, y r u targeting Trump when he wasn't even the nominee? We had other candidates still in the race not just Trump!
ObamaGate..........
You present well. We're counting on you to use integrity. Your sweating made me wonder, though.

you better be looking into the Clinton Podesta involvement during the investment
Witch hunt. Do you people actually think the American voters wanted Hillary's sorry "A" for President?? No!!!
Obama and his FISA....
I've been doing "your jobs" for months.  I have more info collected.
you better be looking into the Clinton Podesta involvement in election as well..if not why
We the People DISAPPROVE of how #POTUS is handling his job — 59 percent! https://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2017/03/27/gallup-poll-trump-approval-rating-hits-new-low-after-failure-health-care-bill/crkydX60VvlHGGRFKjdunM/story.html …
I hope you are including the involvement of Podesta and Clinton foundation in Russia..if not why
What about the Obama Slush Fund??
Report: Obama administration funneled billions to liberal groups through DOJ 'slush fund' 
its sad that the people find out how corrupt the US government is through being hacked!

Our biggest problem in DC is the RINOs in the senate ..I hope we fire all you frauds
I want to know if you are looking into the Clinton and Podesta involvement with Russia while in office and election
It is obvious that the Soros and DemRAT paid trolls are busy posting. Most America First patriots are out working.
What about Obama? All he's done; crimes!
Amazing how you ( R) establishment types go along with this BS Russian narrative but ignore clear Clinton ties?
A sham! Warner has confidence in Burr who denied evidence to reporters cuz White House told him to? We don't trust.
And you're ignoring this info to chase after Russia propaganda lies? The American People are sickened by this.
What a joke-all the smirks/chuckles-what is so funny?But I guess as long as u can bring down Trump, all OK, right??
it's sad the American people need to find the truth out through WikiLeaks!
Then Russia gives Iran Uranium. Did you know that? After Russia sale; $145 Million put into Clinton Foundation Acc
Awed at yr professionalism, candor, respect, etc. SO refreshing & as a Democrat trust u fully!Thanks for yr service
====Get over the Tax Return's...Pres. Trump fulfilled his lawful responsibility...re: disclosure forms..
The AMERICAN people are counting on you #Trumprussia
Nunes should Not be investigating Trump since they worked together. Please fight for Truth and Justice in WH.
if Russian interference in world elections is SO GRAVE why did you all DO NOTHING when Obama interfered w/ Israels
