I  Pray Senator thatyou will be respectful to General Sessions! He is a Wise man of Integrity a Humble man and a Patriot Comey  is the 
He's lied twice. He is FAR from humble. I'm a Christian 2. I'm sickened by the people the "Christian conservatives" choose as their heroes
Thank you, @KonaBean5! I'm right there with you.
Fools ! #TeamCorey #InGodWeTrust
Good thing he had you there to help him dodge the questions.
After a year of Obama spying on Trump World, Dems got nothing but smearing innuendo,half truths&lies to demonize&undermine Trump&his cabinet

#SessionsHearing Gushing over Sessions in an open hearings hardly helps dispel the rampant rumors of your own corruption
I wouldn't call the #NonAnswers he didn't give #Testimony Your the chair what about #ContemptOfCongress #CountryBeforeParty  represent USA
Didn't really happen.
you TRAITOR: nice block 4 Sessions, company man. Think u can take down Kamala? Think again, dirty Russian kleptocrat. We The People OWN you
Do u really call that testifying? If so u r in the wrong job!
Session's claims that he knew nothing of the Russian involvement in the election is just not to be believed. @SenJohnMcCain was on to him.
Thanks for the heads up. However. Now that it's over the hole is deeper.
No more volunteer testimony. Use subpoenas, and when witnesses refuse to testify, hold them in contempt.
He is gonna plead the fifth. A lot.
You called it!
AG Sessions did fantastic job! You & the evil Dems on your Committee need to investigate Russian interference NOT PHONY COLLUSION CLAIMS!
Bob, come clean with me.  Why are they knocking Trump around, & isn't he completely innocent?
Last week all intel chiefs and Comey testified there was no collusion and there was no investigation of Trump. It was all an Obama Lie.
#JeffSessions is an honorable and honest man, the rabid Dimms need to get over themselves -- just ridiculous!!
@TheJusticeDept Every Tom Dick and Harry hacked us. Iran, China, Russia and Iran. I hope we are better protected now.Why were we not before?
just so u know u have quite a few paid trolls on this thread! That being said time 4u to grow a pair! No Crime No Mueller!!!
Time 2end Mueller investigation tired of tax$ spent on investigation looking 4a crime!Where's the crime
.@newtgingrich: "Comey himself, by his own testimony, tainted this particular process." 
Nope, we need to know the truth!
That looked like a well scripted chapter in the overthrow of America. A dark day in America, at your hands. #SessionsHearing #treason #coup
#SessionsHearings Your personal shots were not even thinly veiled.
Bob, what's it like to be the chief crime fighting tool of congress?
You are afraid of what he might say, you are so guilty of the cover up!
Senator, You are a joke! A candid and honest discussion, are you serious.
Why do u think an investigation into an attack on a free and democratic nation should be done behind closest doors of elites?
Bob, Why was Senator Feinstein brought back to the committee?  How about newbie Kamala?  Are you with the high ideals of crime fighting?
Please ask Sessions to resign.
Why is #PutinsPuppet allowed to shut down press access today in violation of the #FirstAmendment?
Why did Rosenstein hire Comeys good buddy Mueller 2investigate?Why didMueller hire Clinton Obama donors 2help him investigate?Conflict-YES!
What will U B doing 2 safeguard @jeffsessions has & will recuse himself from #RussiaInvestigation since he participated in #ComeyFiring ?!
Sessions will lie at this  hearing and Trump knows this. This is a waste of time.
-You are Wasting Taxpayers money .There will be another election (Sockie)
I hope you take a lesson in tough questioning from Sen. Harris. It's not your job to be polite, it's your job to get answers. She knew that.
Judging from your previous comments, I think you would be totally fine if Trump fired Mueller. Just another reason I have no faith in you.
Reminder:  vote NO on Trumpcare!
Watching what the senate is coming out with for the health care bill. Preexisting conditions need to be in the bill!  NO state control!
Stop witch hunt.  Mueller personal conflict of interest.  If no,t I know for sure not voting GOP in the future will be the right decision.
I will reserve my thanks, Senator, until I see the committee take a stand against the unjust invocations of non-existent executive privilege
This man already lied to the Senate body under oath, to get confirmed into office. Do not let his lies pass US by. Don't throw it all away.
Senator Burr. I hope you do your job. My country is in trouble.
Trump sessions and crew with all these Russians connections, is like Bush Chaney n crew with saudi connections. Now let that sink in.
Why is JehJohnson obama loyalist doing meeting with senate investigators?
Why aren't you legally pursuing the Montgomery spying case? Millions of Americans unmasked. Political spying. #ObamaGate
If trump #FireMueller u need to stand with him. The ppl r sick and tired of this.
I can't blv u were setting on the fact trump not under investigation & u perpetuated this crap! The ppl have had it. #FireMueller
Aren't you ashamed you are a coward democrap puppet.  SHAME ON @SenatorBurr
PLEASE DO SOMETHING! I IMPLORE YOU. This NUTJOB is going top fire Mueller? PLEASE DO SOMETHING!!!
Great... get answers and show no deference; he has already lied to Congress. Treat him as he deserves
He should have resigned after he lied under oath the first time. You guys all have Russamnesia.
Will you call for  hearings on #AHCA ? No smoke and mirrors to throw 23mil off health ins.
Why don't you bring an investigation on Barack Obama and Loretta lynch and  Comey for allowing Russian interference in elections?
Oh! And THIS time he will tell the truth LOL!
Ohhh he must have been given an ethic's wavier. The constitution,nor the law means nothing to this administration
So,no one should believe anything that comes out of his mouth either he lied under oath. He should be disbarred and his clearance revoked
Country over party!
Pls ask Sessions if this  "takeover" of the govt by white dominionists was planned at the CNP?   Thanks. I see you .. I see all of you.
Is this why GOP silenced @KamalaHarris when she asked Rosenstein to change wording so Trump couldn't fired Mueller?
Source close to Trump says the president "is being advised by many people" NOT to fire special prosecutor Robert Mueller.
President Trump is a great President.What don't you like? Jobs?Patriotism?Saving our heads from Isis?Get over yourselves, join America #MAGA
Senators of the committee, this is important.  VERY IMPORTANT.    I think it's time you went into review, "What's My Motivation?"
Is Warner going to allow you to speak? You are his prize Lapdog.
Sessions will lie. He's already committed perjury and was nominated anyway.
I trust you will show impartiality,despite your ties to Trump and Russia, with this investigation.
We want real answers from AG Sessions on this 3rd undisclosed meeting w/ Russian officials, & his role in firing of Jim Comey. #Transparency
Do not allow Trump to fire Mueller.  Trump is getting nervous.  Don't disgrace NC.  For once put people before party.
There you go again spending tax payers money on an unnecessary hearing.  Instead how about working on health care, tax cuts.
#Comey lied under oath
Are you going to allow Trump to fire Mueller?  Americans will NOT stand for this abuse.  We want to know the truth.
@marcorubio @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @ConawayTX11 @realDonaldTrump
Do you really think he is going to tell the truth or say anything worthwhile. I doubt it
@marcorubio @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @ConawayTX11 @realDonaldTrump 

Comey and Schumer are friends.
You have his bumper sticker on your car - why are YOU the one questioning the Keebler klansman anyway? Trump counting on you to protect him?
We demand to know why he's still in office if he's obviously perjured himself at least twice? Why is he fit for office?
It's clear that Comey was with the Dems. I believe he was working with them the whole time. He cannot be trusted.
Ask Sessions why he did not include this "meeting " on his disclosure, and disgusted by cabinet today
NOW you'll get to see what a person with TRUE HONESTY and INTEGRITY truly looks like!!!! TIME TO END this WITCH HUNT..
GOP a DISGRACE. Mueller BFF w/ #Comey & MUST GO. Setting up leftist team. Crickets from GOP. #TrumpTrain won't support GOP if this continues
http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/06/the-secret-trumpcare-bill-is-a-giant-scandal.html?utm_source=fb&utm_medium=s3&utm_campaign=sharebutton-t …
Please review the rules for Contempt of Congress. You may need them.
I'm about sick of ur BS hearings that find nothing but a way to tear this country apart with the media!!!!!!'
He's going to lie.
What's the point of a hearing if u won't compel a witness to answer?
Ask him if he's a racist- why not add more perjury to add to the list.
He lied during confirmation hearings. He lied on his SF86. See a pattern? I am not hopeful he will start being truthful tomorrow.
Get to work on taxes, healthcare and the wall!!!  This is such a HUGE waste of time!!
Try to ask him real questions, Senator. None of this "party before country" bull that approved his nomination. #GOPdoesntcareaboutyou
He's going to lie.
Great job! Great news!
I support Attorney General Sessions.  I expect you to do so too.  Voting Republican from North  Carolina.
So, what happens if he lies? Just wondering.
Hopefully you will put country before party.   The man committed perjury and a felony regarding visits to Russia. Recused himself re Russia
Thank you for doing the right thing for America.....regardless of the outcome! #VeryAppreciative
Make sure the Dems do not use the F word.
Sen Burr, I live in Wake Forest, and I vote in every single election.  Please put country above party tomorrow.
Thank you Senator Burr!
ICYMI @SenateMajLdr doesn't plan to tell the American people what's in the #healthcare plan before it's voted on. #resistance #persist #ahca
Sounds like Obama Care when Nancy told us to pass it to find out what's in it.
We will be watching your ability to do the right thing. Put #CountryOverParty This is serious. Frump had no loyalty to you. And #YOUwork4US
Go cry obama will be investigated next
Please ensure the AG does not invoke executive privilege, hold him in contempt if he refuses to answer, Americans deserve the truth
Don't you see that all of this is going to come out in the wash?

Don't you want to be on the right side of history more than the aisle?
4) Do you and your supporters now see why I have no faith that you will put country over party as chairman of the Intel committee?
3) You downplayed Trump's childish tweets urging us to look past them right before you said "the world demands American leadership".
2) You also said you didn't think an independent investigation was necessary and would slow down the process
1) When visiting the bus factory in Archedale a month ago, you said you didn't think Comey was fired because of the Russia investigation.
Thank you for making it an open session.
I hear he is going to decide for himself-on the fly-if he can't answer certain questions because of exec privilege. Is that how it works?
You had BETTER apply same standard to MUELLER. He has close Personal and professional relationship with Comey. Mueller Must resign NOW!
@SenatorLankford @TGowdySC @JaySekulow 

Don't be fooled by Comey. He's been acting. He's NOT what you think.
I've never liked @MarkWarner  he's like a snake oil salesman.  Not trustworthy! Just listening to him talk drives me nuts! DISHONEST!
PLEASE READ;
Senator.. I came across something over the weekend that showed you were anti-Trump.  I am hoping that wasn't true. GOP needs to stick togeth
Why has Crowdstrike not under supeona?? A paid DNC entity telling you Russia hacked the server and you take their word for it? @SenateGOP
Now if you can ask pertinent q's to prove your loyalty to country and not the narcissist-in-chief that would be swell
Sessions perjured himself once in front of the Senate. What's to keep him from lying again????
He's already lied under oath during confirmation. Who cares what he says? No integrity.
Wonderful. When can we get back to h/c and tax reform?  You know, the stuff we elected you to do!!!
Why closed testimony? With all the collusion - I think it should be public so the American people hear it firsthand!
There is no need for a special counsel now.  There is no collusion no obstruction.  End this and govern
Please call for Mueller to step down and a different counsel be put in place or the special counsel be done away with entirely
@Can_ada  Breakfast of Champions
Can you ask him if Comey's account of the Trump encounters are factual?
Trump must not be allowed to block Sessions' testimony by invoking executive privilege. This administration must be investigated fully.
AND & as a vocal supporter of Trump’s candidacy &official adviser to his campaign. Why have you NOT recused yourself?
If, at the request of the WH, you spoke to media organizations to downplay the Trump campaign’s contacts with Russian officials
Weren't the public notified @jeffsessions will testify in open session last week? @ACLU a little late to the grown up table, much?
He will lie , had no problem with that 
He should be testifying under oath and in public....We have a right to know what he says...He's not telling national secrets
Did you notice the ease Comey answered Sen Harris' question that the other guy evaded?
Will you quit wasting time an $$ and get back to what you are elected to do?
Thank you for continuing this investigation and going where the inquiry needs to go.
Please ask why the Obama administration did nothing about the Russian interference...  inept
Don't let him wiggle out of answers make him say the words Executive Privilege! Treat women on council like the men!# sexist
How about you take THIS into consideration in public hearing when deciding WHO to believe?
Timothy O'Brien: My lawyers got Trump to admit to 30 lies under oath. 
https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-06-12/trump-s-history-of-lies-according-to-biographer-timothy-o-brien …
How about getting 2the BOTTOM of an American Patriot James Comey being viciously LIED about to the public by this TREASONS puppetry of a WH?
Never been so absolutely distraught about what's happening to our democracy.  Wondering if there R ANY Patriots left in the RepublicanParty?
Thank you sir, we look forward to hearing you put Country before Party & get to the bottom of this Russian influence!
Wonder how many GOP members THIS time will show they communed prior to hearing & strategized on ways to make Trump & this WH save face?
Thank you for putting country above party, if that is in fact what you're doing.
He lied to congress before, and on his sf86 - a federal crime, with no consequences to date. Hasn't kept his pledge to recuse.
Sessions will lie to show loyalty to President @MSNBC
PLEASE   Country over Party !
Glad it's open. Thank you.
Thank you for doing your job Senator.  The Trump Admin/Fox News will  attack you for asking questions and following facts. You must persist.
We need to get rid of all the RINOs in the party actively working against the base of the party  Burr is on thin ice
Thank you  and @MarkWarner for llsitening to the people. We don't classifeid info, just the truth and for continual lies to be punished.
Are you aware of a Pakistani ISI spy ring w/the Awan Brothers in Congress? #Suparco #HRCRatline

What you all do is absolutely HORRID.
So now back to #ResistGOPCare . Where are we on that? Is your party going to take healthcare from millions?
Why didn't Obama stop it?
Thank you for having an open session! We deserve to witness his testimony. #TrumpRussia #p2
He should do so publicly. We have a right to know what he says. Please stop protecting this administration, @SenatorBurr.
You may want to ask him if he objected to Russia interfering in US elections since it was widely known when he met his Russky pal.
How about Obama objecting. His administration did nothing about it tho they were in charge...
Question for AG Sessions:Why did he leave Comey alone w.Pres trump? Sessions knows it's not kosher & as Comey's boss was his job to step in
contacts made that are routine business in Sessions role of US senator were NA .WHO advised AG Sessions that these contacts NA? @marcorubio
@SenatorRisch @SenTomCotton @SenatorLankford @marcorubio "news" reported that @TheJusticeDept AGSessions was advised filing disclosure info
