you are a crook who sold our kids' future for a measly $43,000. We won't forget. Trust me, we won't forget.
You mean $ from the DeVos Amway pyramid scheme that rips of citizens? O boy where do we even start???
Our middle schoolers don’t even have textbooks! Not even for core courses. They do get lockdown drills though. Thanks, Burr!
How many constituent calls have you gotten asking you to oppose her? You represent us, too! #StopDeVos
Apparently the voice of your constituents isn't important. How many people called to say we oppose this nomination? #Devos
In the hearing today, he dismissed all the calls he got in opposition as a "Democratic strategy". He doesn't care.
shame  my wife @BlueSkiesOverMe just moved to NC and called as new constituents requesting #noDevos
I was almost in tears calling because of my passion. You have failed our education system.
has failed all of our children especially the disabled and disadvantaged!
Good to know @SenatorBurr can be bought. His price is $43,200. That's all it takes for him to ignore his constituents.
I was living in Atlanta last time you were running. Now I'm in Charlotte, and I very much look forward to voting against you.
You vote for her and you will be remembered in the polls.  #NoDeVos #AVoteForDeVosEqualsAVoteAgainstBurr
she says she expects something for her money-did she toss it on your nightstand when she left?
pig
Devos family contributions to HELP Committee Senator's Campaigns: Richard Burr (NC) - $43,200.00 Tim Scott (SC) - $49,200.00
his statistics about Detroit. What about his his own district?
vote no for DeVos. A vote for her is an insult to public school teachers.
my legislator is a fk n pig!
US Senate Seat for sale, $43k obo @SenatorBurr
Hey! My name is Thom Tillis. I'm a Senator from North Carolina. I just  want you to know I was paid off to the tune of $4,418,012 by the NRA to  stay silent and watch as our children  are murdered. Just in case you were wondering how I value the lives  of children.
please help your constituents! She's grossly unqualified and wouldn't be interviewing if she hadn't donated 20 million
$200 million to republicans. $43,000 in the Senator's coffers. Hmm...conflict of interest much?
more than 70,000 to @thomtillis guess that the going rate for our children's future
Burr settled for $43,200.  Seriously, Senators, you will be hailed as heroes with a No
come on Richard, please tell me you're not this stupid!  Guess you want your last term to be a legacy setter!
.@SenatorBurr you support her nomination b/c of personal gain not to support our NC children. Vote NO to confirm DeVos as Secy of Ed.
democrat or republican, she is dangerously unqualified. please do the right thing and #VoteNoDevos
as a North Carolina resident I urge you to vote no against Betsy DeVos. Put children before party. No experience No skills
MAGA! congratulations #Devos! More and more and more liberal tears. Cheer up care bears .  It will be ok
what makes her qualified in your view?
Time for some "real" teachers! MAGA!
Devos will get rid of the poor excuses of teachers that most schools have right now.
We wish getting rid of bad teachers that easy! Some unions prevent firing. See NY RUBBERROOMS
how do you know someone is a bad teacher?
Did some research re: performance in PUBLIC schools, ex. Rhode Island. Pay there & strong union, student scores 
please do the right thing for PA kids and schools by voting NO on Betsy DeVos.
Great to hear. MAGA
Public school teachers also want a world class education for kids. DeVos is not going to make that happen.
do you ever get tired of being a filthy, money grubbing liar?
It would take years to educate Betsy DeVos about the public schools of the US. Our kids don't have the time!#NoonDeVos
so I guess the 40,000 in donation made to you is the sale price of our children's future? #yourconstituentsdontmatter
We pulled our child OUT of Cardinal Charter Academy in Cary & put her back into public school for good reasons! No on DeVos! :(
Cardinal Charter Academy is a public school.
Please hear us educators. We know more about education and what is best for our future. Devos doesn't understand the basics.
#NotBuyingIt #NotoDeVos #StopDeVos 
We need to build up our schools not dismantle it!
to tell everyone in NC.  So its in your hands. Devos or Burr, the day u vote for her is the day we start grassroots against u
Mr. Burr, it is either going to be Devos or YOU in government, its your choice. Election is 6 yrs away, so we have time 1/2
Vote NO on #BetsyDeVos. She will DESTROY our education system! Our children and grandchhildren deserve better!
Devos does not have the knowledge or ability to head the MOST IMPORTANT DEPARTMENT FOR OUR FUTURE!
and why you voted Devos!! Everyone will know you were bought and paid for, and everyone will know who you really are
If you give your vote to Devos, YOU WILL LOSE YOUR NEXT ELECTION!! If we have to go door to door, EVERYONE will know how 1/2
If you give your vote to this nominee, every public school teacher, and former student will oppose you in next election
Many NC school teachers and administration officials do not agree with you. Please listen
Do you base your that on her 'state taxes to support private CHRISTIAN schools'? Cause that's not a separation of Church/state
Did her campaign contributions help you decide that?  The stats on private religious schools sure don't!
After u vote we will make a FOIA request re how many calls faxes emails posts etc for and against DeVos
No to DeVos.  My kid is not a dem strategy do the right thing #wrongsideofhistory
You said phones have been full of calls asking for NO votes. Do you consider constituent voices when voting? #VoteNoDevos

She'll dismantle public instruction & ignore IDEA. Least qualified cabinet pick by far. No to @BetsyDeVos. #iliveinNCandIVote
please do NOT confirm DeVos, we can do better. Think of our children. 
#notodevos #educationmatters #beyondpartylines
how about you support your future constituents and not your own pockets. No on Devos.
you just lost my vote because you're not protecting my children
he doesn't care-This is his last term. He announced he's done (after NC voted him in again of course) #politicalhack
You should do your homework on this one more!  Listen to the voices of your constituents! #noDevos
please reconsider. We need a rep for public ed not just charters.
you should've recused yourself. #dissapointed #lifelongGOP
She is unqualified and an enemy of public education. Don't undermine the important work of education.
.@SenatorBurr try listening to your constituents instead of out of state, big money donors. I'm a constituent, and I'd like a count of calls
Disgraceful.
democrats and republicans both recognize that she is unqualified to run the department of education. (28211)
if you care for your constituents, me (28211), you won't ruin our public school system by voting for this woman
you must be out of your mind. Nothing on her CV qualifies her for this position, but plenty that disqualifies her. #noDevos
I guess that 43k in campaign contributions makes her especially qualified. Well done, sir.
You must vote #notodevos
Please explain to your constituents why you feel she's the most qualified for this position. You owe us a better explanation.

@wral @newsobserver http://pulse.ncpolicywatch.org/2017/02/02/und … @SenThomTillis won't stand for NC children with a NO vote on DeVos. Will @SenatorBurr?
So disturbing. We are REAL people w/children in this system. NC Schools are FAILING. What have you done?
My son is an EC student. DeVos doesn't understand or respect IDEA (the Federal law) that protects his rights. What a shame!
.@SenatorBurr  how much $ has the DeVos Family contributed to your campaigns?
Campaign Contributions To Senators By The DeVos Family http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/betsy-devos-donations_us_5893bd80e4b0c1284f251c5f?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostPol
You are blatantly ignoring your constituents. We are well aware that DeVos is in your pocket. U will be remembered for failure.
NO Senator Burr - DeVos only area of "expertise" is with charters. Don't affirm DeVos!
Please hear your NC constituents! We are calling and we care. Reconsider and vote AGAINST DeVos.
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos, thank you.
Shame on you.
It is a serious mistake to support this woman, she is not going to support public education, especially for the most vulnerable
.@SenatorBurr Nope, I am NOT a Democrat. #DeVos is NOT qualified to be Secretary of Education. I guess money trumps quality.
you say the people have spoken about @POTUS and we should comply, the people are speaking about @BetsyDeVos and you ignore them
please reconsider. DeVos is incompetent.  America's children deserve better!
You are not voting for yourself you are voting for us and we are asking you to vote no to Devos.#devos #DumpDevos
I'm your constituent. I'd like to urge the senator to vote no on Betsy DeVos for SoE. She is unqualified & unprepared.
#nobetsydevos She does not know our laws. Protect our children.
Please reconsider. As a Duke PhD and a UNC supporter, protect the caliber of and access to NC universities.
As one of many NC voters who can clearly see Betsy #DeVos is wholly unqualified to guide public education, I urge @SenatorBurr to vote NO.
your constituents feel otherwise about DeVos. Do the right thing, Senator. Vote against DeVos!
, @BetsyDeVos is a poor and scary choice.  Vote No for the sake of the education of our children.
As a teacher, I urge you to not just go along with your party & confirm Mrs. Devos, she isn't qualified & won't help education
as a graduate of NC teaching fellows and a educator I plead that you cross party lines and do what is right for NC children
obvious you don't care about the kids in NC or the calls from constituents, just being a rubber stamp.#noDevos
please VOTE NO onDeVos #NoDeVos
So you received 43K from DeVos?  Can we pool our money to buy your NO vote on DEVos?
she is a terrible choice. No ed experience, doesn't believe in public ed, doesn't know anything about students w disabilities.
on what grounds do you support her? She is HIGHLY qualified.  #noDevos
we've all called you. And you have turned your back on your constituents.
so much for the President of the people. your constituents are begging you to listen to us. Vote NO!
of course you support her. She supported you first  You should have recused yourself #youaretheswamp #corrupt #devos
Future educator here.  Appalled by your endorsement of such an unqualified person to head my future profession.
don't play politics because she gave you $.  Put ALL NC students first and #StopDeVos
you've lost this lifelong Republican's vote. She is unqualified. Period. Ask any teacher. Hell, ask her. #devos
if you want to be Reelected maybe you shouldn't vote yes. #nobetsydevos
please don't support.  As a parent, teacher AND constituent, I'm watching you & expecting to make the right decision not GOP's
Any Senator that has received campaign donations from Ms DeVos needs to recuse themselves from a vote.  Do the right thing
$43K....is that what it takes to buy your vote?
Please vote no!
I know she gave you a lot of money for your campaign but please vote NO. She is not qualified.
This vote is a disgrace and I think you know that. I think you're letting campaign donations vote 4 you. I'll not forget this.
I am thrilled with this vote. Finally I will know my children are protected from the threat of grizzly bears.
She is completely unqualified for this position and would be a disaster for education in the USA. I urge you to vote NO.
stop that.
By dismantling public education?  Shameful.
PLEASE provide breakdown of constituents calling for vs against this decision. MANY question the legitimacy of this democracy
big #conflictofinterest You should've recused yourself due to #BetsyDeVos donations to you. #honor #putstudentsfirst #noDevos
if you want world class education, find someone who knows something about education. $43,000 donation is all it takes?
as one of your constituents, I urge you to oppose the DeVos nomination. She is severely under-qualified to be Ed. Sec.
You're insane.
Will she also teach them to plagiarize their work and bring guns to school? This is not OK! #NoDevos #boughtbydevos
How much does it cost to buy a vote?
Wow guess all those funds her family funneled into your campaign worked. Exactly how much did she spend to buy you? Vote No.
She has lied and all but ruin Michigan's educational system. I am beginning to wonder if she is passing out bribes
if you support #DeVos then you don't support the children of NC
She bought and paid for you. Think your support might come from that, rather than any concern for our children?
is 43K really worth selling out all the children in America. Have you any principles whatsoever?
I'm struggling to find anything, just one thing that makes this woman qualified to be in charge of the Dept of Education
of course you support her, she paid you well enough, despite the outcry from your constituents.
it's a shame that you put your own self interest ahead of your constituents.   Be a man for once and VOTE NO
HOW MUCH DID SHE PAY YOU TO WRITE THIS TWEET? CORRUPT! #draintheswamp
you do not have my vote!! And how dare you delete tweets from your constituents opposing your decision! #nodevos
You're obviously deaf to the will of your constituency.
#bitingthehandthatfeedsyou
#checkyourvoicemail
#youworkforus
.@SenatorBurr next time you speak with her, can you ask if she stayed at a holiday inn express recently? Thanks!
$43,000 buys your vote, right?
thanks for ignoring your constituents & ruining the future of NC children. Your support of DeVos is transparent.
.@SenatorBurr  Disappointed that you would vote for someone who is so unqualified. You just showed how little you value education #noDevos
you are NOT representing your constituents. You are only representing the GOP. That's OK, you'll be up for reelection soon.
she is the least qualified person for this position!! Something smells terribly fishy here.
Were you asleep during her questioning????? Out of your mind. You're going down next election. Wake up!!!!!!!!
I simply do not have enough middle fingers for  you Burr. Be warned we will make your life hell for this !!
Be ready to deal with protest and harassment.  You have failed us and we will not let you off the hook!
nooooooooo
Very disappointed that you did not do what was right for our public schools. DeVos is unqualified!! Money talks.
She is grossly underqualified to run our education system. We need someone who values public education and teachers.
As your constituent in NC, I totally disagree. Watching her answer questions from Senators made me cringe.
Anyone know if Freedom of Information Act would apply to records of constituents contacts RE Devos?
You showed #DeVos that you're the best her money can buy.  Way to throw education and your constituents under the bus,
great!
Pls reconsider your vote for Betsy DeVos. Our country's desperate for science & math ed. & she will not further that goal.
LISTEN to us! There more qualified candidates. Are $ and power more important to you than American school children? #noDevos
you should be ashamed. She's unqualified & your voter base tried to get you to listen but you didn't have the balls to fight!
you sold out public education to the rich! Shame on you.
I'm sorry to hear this.
I know 1,000's have called expressing concern at your support of Devos. WHY are you going against what we want? $$$$?
too bad she knows nothing about public education.
I'm an Independent, not part of a "Democratic " effort; I live in NC. I called and wrote to you! You are shameless! #nodevoss
#DeVoss #nodevoss you say she  has best interests of the children in mind. THAT makes her qualified? Shame on you! #nointegrity
#nodevoss You were bought! Just because you're not running for reelection doesn't mean you can't have integrity! Grrrrr
Disappointed but not surprised that you chose campaign contributions over your constituents.
Don't worry though, we'll keep calling!
world-class education like thousands of students @ Charlotte School of Law who have been defrauded & funding rightfully pulled
so hope you are correct.  I am from NC and will hold you to your confidence
How about your own State? Will all our children be receiving private educations? You sold our children out.
For our State, ranked so low in education, we do not need another low blow. #noDevos #PeopleOverParty
curious as to what life without a spine is like. Too bad you never answered your phones to explain it #StopDeVos
.@ChandlerHGray @SenatorBurr LITERALLY WHY CAN I NOT GET A CALL IN
.@ChandlerHGray @SenatorBurr tryina have words with y'all smh
@TomThillis you are the worst senators and I can't wait to vote against you next time you are up for reelection 
.@SenatorBurr, shame on you. DeVos is profoundly unqualified. The children of NC will bear the consequences of your vote.
your support of the obviously #unqualified Betsy Devos shows your deep corruption.  I'm ashamed of you, and so is NC.
.@SenatorBurr #DeVos is painfully unqualified & will only do harm to our state's public schools. Represent NC with a no vote. #ncpol
even in public schools? In rural NC?
shame on @senatorburr. He is going against the wishes of his constituents. We will vote him out!

I am your constituent, unaffiliated, and DeVos is the most unqualified on the Cabinet slate, Sessions racist, the rest corrupt
Your yes vote today was not representative of the people of North Carolina. You have lost my respect and my vote.
You have got to be kidding.  @BetsyDeVos is not qualified to be the Secretary of Education.
but I'm thinking that has to do with the Thousands of dollars she's donated for you to get into the seat you hold now.
disappointing.
She has shown no support for public schools, is under educated for the position, and plagiarized in written answers
what a huge disappointment. I know you were flooded with calls but you ignored them all. You'll follow your party anywhere huh?
"you are the worst, Burr"
b/c there was no one less qualified to support? Despicable. You are led by money not ethics, morals or intelligence.
, U mean "I appreciate her campaign contributions & am reciprocating 'cause I can be bought." #NCDeservesBetter #NotMySenator
I'm sure you do since she flooded your campaign with $$$$
Our children deserve someone with a semblance of understanding of education and not the ALEC based agenda. #NotoDeVos
I guess you have to follow what #PresidentBannon says, right?
, you just told #NCKids & #NCTeachers they don't matter.  Hope that #DeVos family $ was worth it.  #NotMySenator #Spineless
I am a citizen, not a strategy. Your dismissal of my voice is deeply offensive & undemocratic. #noDevos
, U R blinded by partisanship & campaign $. #NCDeservesBetter than you & #DeVos. #NotMySenator #Spineless
, you just told #NCKids & #NCTeachers they don't matter.  Hope that #DeVos family $ was worth it.  #NotMySenator #Spineless
