Senator Burr enjoying a perfect night out in DC with this VW Thing 
A Senator who understands this country is in crisis !!! You aren't that Senator.
Pls call for recess cancellation. Get the job done!
Do your fucking job!!
Looks like the perfect car to take to @FERC @ORNL @DukeEnergy and new concepts with @elonmusk
Millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions worried about what you sociopaths in the Republican Party are doing?
Aw...... .A #Hitlermobile
@SenatorBurr I am a Constituent.  I like your VW thing.  I do not approve of the Healthcare proposal.  Pls take my vote into consideration
Hitler's car!
Take that metal monstrosity down to NC and host a damn town hall!
How ironic, a vehicle designed for NATO driven by an Anti-NATO party chair.
As a MD in your state I'd implore you to do your job and listen to your constituents, who want the ACA improved, not repealed.
It's the TrumpCare mobile.  No cover and can only be driven by a rich white guy.
How are you voting on the healthcare bill?
Burr is a yes
How old is Burr?
Nice hashtag, Senator. #longliveanythingbutpeoplewithpreexistingconditions #youarebadattwitter
#treasonweasel
There may be hope for you after all.
Love it
What a rust bucket where is your seat belt?
I admit it - kinda makes me like you. HS boyfriend had an orange one (Go Vols).
Glad you're having fun while your constituents stress over how we'll afford good healthcare (and not die) under your Wealthcare bill.
Isn't he the guy who called for Hillary to be shot?
Who wouldn't?  People with pre-existing conditions.
Is that Thing your personal vehicle? Cool but needs a paint job fast.
Hope he wrecks his thing and dies!
Glad you're enjoying yourself while millions of your constituents will die from loss of tRumps 'wealthcare' plan. Remember the people please
#vivalathing!
Love the car. Please support decent healthcare for all
When one of my kids was young he absolutely loved that vehicle.
Even the dog is laughing at that!
Long live NC residents....vote against this healthcare bill #HealthcareBill
-Wasting Tax payers Money Russia Crap.
This might be the only time we're ever going to be in agreement. Love #TheThing
Is that a VW? Is it a vintage model? Is it 1.3 or 1.4 million of your constituents you're trying to take coverage from?
Self awareness isn't in conservative genes are they? You're out in your classic car supported by tax payer dollars,while 22m are hurt by GOP
Bluetooth too?
@ButteCurtis406 don't you have one of these?
I walked all around the Capitol today but no sign of The Thing...maybe next time!
Driving around in a redesigned Kübelwagen certainly makes your priorities clear.
What have you done to support Trump?
Are you gonna admit you're gonna vote to throw NC voters under the bus with a bad HC bill or are you gonna hide behind these fluff pieces?
Speaking of long living, we encourage you to vote no on @GOP #ACA. See you at home.
Is that your town hall getaway car?

BTW, VOTE NO ON OBAMACARE REPEAL!
Wear your seatbelt. - A neurologist in your state who opposes BCRA and can't get past busy signals on your D.C. office line
Love your "thing"
Keep pushing on Russia
Vote "NO" on repeal and replace
long live North Carolinians with #MedicareForAll
The Thing provides about as much coverage as #BCRA
Town hall? How about it. #TrumpsCare
a charlotte resident undergoing chemo terrified that she won't be able to pay for her treatment after you vote for trumpcare is who
That thing is awesome!
Fix the aca. Help struggling families.
Every reply is to vote No on the #BCRA #AHCA and work with Dems to fix the ACA. When will the people matter more than Party or lobbyists?
#notrunningforreelection
WE know what you have done and you will go down with the rest of the Putin punks in the GOP Got an Atty?
The original "The Thing" was a fantastic horror film.  Just saying.
It was ugly in 1975 and it hasn't improved with age.  Neither have you.
The VW Thing-Notoriously dangerous vehicle. Better have good healthcare coverage.
NC already has the worst healthcare in the state.  Please just vote no on AHCA and work with Dems to make the ACA better. That's all we ask.
Its life may be in jeopardy if the cuts in Medicaid goes through
Anyone who can't afford a car bc they are bankrupt from medical bills - that's one @SenatorBurr
Oh here's another one - a person who is to sick bc they can't get treatment bc no or insufficient health care!
We won't see him around NC for the next 4 years & then he'll be all over place. In the meantime he'll be hobnobbing with his rich donors
Isn't the VW Thing about 40 yrs old?
C'mon... Are you costing through this term or going to drive home some positive changes and be hungry to do it....?
Nice that  you can be out tooling around while I fret over whether I'll be able to afford health insurance
1.2 million North Carolinians will lose health care with your YES vote. Vote NO or loose your job!
Supposedly it's his last term. Burr could care less about North Carolinians.
Enjoying himself because he has good health care.
Drive down here to NC. Do a townhall or 7. And on your way, pick up your soul. 
And then go vote no on #trumpcare
You should really be looking again at the CBO score and thinking of your constituents.  just a suggestion.
#fixtheACA
So long as you're driving away from any back room deals to pass the AHCA #VoteNoAHCA
Must have pretty great healthcare to feel comfortable driving a go-kart wrapped in aluminum siding w/out airbags.
Senator Burr enjoying a perfect night out in DC with this VW Thing 
Unfortunately, he's also enjoying destroying  healthcare for many in America.
The vote is in Senator, it looks like these replies want a town hall from you and I am seconding that motion.
#longlivethething but not #longlivemedicaid or your constituents apparently
I wouldn't have the balls, if I were proposing to strip insurance from 22,000,000 people just to say FU to Obama.
When will you be holding a town hall with an unscreened public in your home state? Your constituents deserve it.
Wouldn't it be nice if you used this platform to engage with people? Just a thought.
How about driving it back to NC for a townhall???
That's great. Now please work with Dems to revise ACA rather than voting for a tax break that only helps your major donors.
