Thank you! Please stand your ground and repeal Obamacare. My healthy husband pays $800/month for insurance now. Unaffordable!
yes senator please get ins term limits for Lee's husband so when he does get sick insurance co. Will drop him
she'll whine about that too
she already has voted against her own interests wait until Trump gets a hold of his social security
I have no sympathy.  She voted to cut assistance from "others"
< has no clue Trump will cut her and husbands Medicare and social security  @SenatorBurr
You sir, have disqualified yourself as chairman of the Senate investigation into Trump campaign and staff ties to the Russians
1) What about McCain's ties to Russia, ISIS, Saudi Arabia?
If true, then we need to investigate that and others. New Commerce Sec could be very dirty as well.
If Wilber Ross is dirty, it's highly likely that Trump is as well, all with ties to Russia!
Not everyone is guilty by association. Just because one dog has fleas doesn't mean all the dogs have fleas.
Agreed, but we need to find out which dogs have fleas and eradicate said fleas!
That's why I don't watch MSM, I do all my own research. All MSM have their own agendas.
Personally, I appreciate the MSM, to include television & print media. Media is 4th leg of American democracy.
why are ignoring my calls, tweets and e-mails?  #nc #ncpol #youworkforus #NCDem
He is doing that is everyone in NC.
I stopped calling, goes straight to voice mail and is full.
I got through to voicemail at DC office today.
line 2 or 1
Now he is going to be your Russian Connection in all this too....all for the party.
How does it feel now to be a Trump patsy?
What about Wilburs ties to Russia?   Don't forget about him.
you took DeVos money. You voted a bigot for AG. You're colluding with @POTUS administration on Russia. NC deserves better.
Independent investigation of Russian connections to the President! Our national security is at risk.
Real news report via public record: Drumpf & Wilbur launder oligarch billions thru Cyprus, obvious now why...
how do you sleep #Russia
upside down in a cave
lol
what is your statement on Russian involvement in our elections
Please Chair real investigation into Russia, tax returns. Which values guide you? If u need help standing up, find other GOPs
sure am glad he was underexamined and you're happy he's in!  So much for draining the swamp, you stink as badly as D.C. does.
you do know about his connection to russia too right ? do you really not care about our democracy and our country?money right ?
Sorry. Not buying it. Ross is in the loop with the Putin and rest of the Putin lovers. Please stop dissembling
independent investigation!!  #DoYourJob Are you complicit in treason?
So he brokered a deal between Trump and the Russians, but you are OK with that?  How is your fake investigation going?
Was it worth destroying your political career to interfere wt. the investigation into Trump's possible crimes?
Nothing-to-see-here Nunes & Burr Drumpf transition dinks.
TRAITOR
Thank you, Senator. Your NC constituents ARE paying attention and continue to be proud of you.
No. This is NOT true.
A money launderer for Trump's Russian cronies.  Great.  Have you looked at Trump's taxes or deals with Russians?
Another millionaire to the swamp and Russian connection.  U R a puppet to WH and shameful for NC
Only remaining Q, were Burr, Nunes, Pompeii, in on a payola deal prior to bogus investugations...we know Beauregard had to be.
If 45 isn't guilty, y did he ask u 2 counter the Russia stories in the press? Why r u colluding with him? #russiagate #corrupt
What will be your statement when you are convicted of Treason? You are in deep now!
what about his connections to Russia.
Please exhibit much better judgment on how you vote on behalf of your employer,  the Taxpayer of NC.
45 Is choosing the WORST possible ppl & GOP colludes. Do you realize how guilty it makes YOU look? PutinOwn$GOP? #TrumpRussia
Ahhh, Wilbur Ross....just another one with Russia ties.  Putin must be SO happy with you, Sen. Burr.  Your constituents are NOT
People are calling you, and you're not listening. We will remember this next time you're up for re-election.
Is this really how you want to be remembered?  Your legacy in politics a scandal worse that Watergate involving treason?
You're making a big mistake trying 2 quash Russia/Trump scandal. When transcripts start coming you'll B left holding the stick.
Good for you - Ross seems to have links to Trump/Russian situation - you're part of coverup! Follow the money! Watergate redux!
.U are some BAD dude. We will keep a very close eye on you. You can't run from us forever. We are your bosses & U r accountable
Ross has #TrumpRussia connections as well. This is absurd you are allowing this, especially after Bannon's deconstruction talk.
.@SenatorBurr #Traitor or #Treason Wilbur Ross Russian ties Bank of Cyprus a Russian money laundering bank,Go between on Trump deal w/Russia
Putin's banker?   It just keeps getting better all the time, doesn't it!   @SenateGOP  @HouseGOP         #PartyofTraitors
you've tainted your legacy by hitching your wagon to #Putinspuppet. Cowardly behavior is unacceptable #resign and move to 
You sir are a Traitor ---  Aaron Burr not Richard Burr
you MUST RECUSE yourself from any & all Russia investigations due to your recent statements to press at WH urging! #russiagate
investigate #trumprussia
More interested in yr statement on #Trumprussia. Why ru doing WH's bidding? American ppl deserve truth! http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/white-house-makes-matters-worse-trying-suppress-russia-scandal …
examine his Russia connection thro the bank of Cyprus. Investigate trump Russia nexus. Stop coverup #trumprussia
Please Do your job & investigate the president's ties to Russia. If he's innocent, what is there to hide? #DoYourJob
Ross is also a vice chairman of the Bank of Cyprus, where he served alongside Viktor Vekselberg, a Russian oligarch!
Another Crooked billionaire? Whatever-We do not trust you on intelligence committee-Need Independent Commission=transparency.
huge Russian ties via Bank of Cyprus. You Sir must put Country before Party you smell. Coward. #Trumprussia #resist
Sen. Burr, u & your spouse are invited to 1 of Deacon Deaton's "famous" tailgates at Wake this fall! Pls see my backgrnd pic!
more billionaires. Great.
. @SenatorBurr Ross made his money by taking over struggling textile companies. This vote is a slap in the face to all NCians
how's the Trump cover up coming along senator?
I suppose you will vote for that intellectual heavyweight Rick Perry to compliment the stupendously unqualified Betsy DeVos


Why not come explain to your constituents at a town hall?


Are there dots connected to you too, Mr Burr? This new commerce man is connected financially to Putin, trump owes russia
One #TrumpPuppet supporting another... how about investigating #TrumpRussia ties, or holding a #TownHall for #ncvoters like me?
get the Russian Spies out of the WH - Now
shame
You will reap what you sow, sorry for your soul
Who are you sir? Watched you avoid credibility, morals and honesty today. Bullied? Or you are trump. Do something for America
I'm so ashamed to be from North Carolina right now.   Life long Republican until now, but NO more.
you are going down with trump.....how many prison cells will it take to hold all of you....write the history now
my statement on your statement is that first we'll throw Thom out of office. Then... you're next.
Question. Are you a Russian stooge or a #GOPcoward I thought you were a patriot. Stand up to Trump
TRAITOR
#SpecialProsecutor come on! Do your job!
https://twitter.com/funder/status/833824650706690048 … #trumprussia #trumprussia #trumprussia #TraitorGOP #russiagate #putinspuppets #TheResistance
#Breaking Report: Trump Dossier Analysis:Corroborating the Evidence: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RbpBxJ3QNyvts_w16UcSSGeH7cSrXK9U3wIq0OOq-Xs/edit?usp=sharing …

#resist #theresistance #russia #resistance #rt 
Tell us about why Wilbur Ross' ties to Russian Oligarchs was not a "Subject of Interest" prior to his confirmation?
How much money did this one pay you?  And how is that Russia investigation going?
Amer.will hold GOP responsible if u vote down "Resolution of Inquiry"Tues #Trump #Russia ties. Do ur job or we can change it!
Hey Burr, where do you get off doing PR for the White House,
Do your job. INVESTIGATE #Trumprussia OR ELSE
WE VOTE U OUT
There's something fishy about this guy....   

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Fish_of_Russia …
We want an Independent investigation, NOT YOU, NOT Sessions. Your career is at stake.#russia
But...but I thought you LIKED talking to reporters!! 
Running down the hall ignoring reporters questions kinda makes you look like a convicted criminal sir...
Reply to @SenatorBurr Looks like the watchdog the country relies on just got caught red handed betraying his oath and betraying his nation.
.@SenatorBurr how about a statement on NC antisemitism? No? A statement on why you're avoiding town halls? No? Great, everything is great
Sadly, I'd have to say he's a little of both. Sucks to have your senator screw over the state after the HB2 fiasco
really. It's his last term. Everyone is appalled by him.
His legacy? 1. Collusion to cover up 2. Bloodied the lip of NC while we struggle to recover from the $1B we lost w/HB2
His family must be ashamed of him.
Senator, how would you define "impartial investigation"?

Thank you.
another corrupt POS - need a special prosecutor or Congress on Russia investigation - what do you fear - the truth like Trump?
your silence in the hallways speaks VOLUMES. You're in the pocket of the WH. You should resign & go work there with Putin/Trump
Saw you slink into your office just now. SAD.
Slammed door in face of reporter!
When you scurry away from the press you look like a baffooon...and...very....guilty. #ass
When will you start investigating the Trymp campaign and Russia? When will you hold a town hall?
How many people with Russian ties do we need in the U.S. government?  Seems a bit crazy to me.
& at 79, I can only imagine how plugged into the new economy Sec. Ross is. You put party b 4 country sir.
#Trumprussia
@OfficeGovEthics How about your statement on trying to. influence an investigation. Pretty sad. Investigate ethics violation
I don't have to read your statement, I know you've committed yourself to backing Trump 100%. Too bad. We in NC deserved better.
79-year-old billionaires don't quit their jobs to "serve our nation." Are you out of Russian-tied billionaires to confirm yet?
would have liked to have seen you back home over recess but one of us was absent... #homeinnc #trumppuppet?
you are afraid to hold a #TownHall . honey, you're done.
He's bought. He has no allegiance to North Carolina. Unfortunately, he's probably not done.
His allegiance now appears to be to Trump and Putin!
White House makes matters worse by trying to suppress Russia scandal
Burr is now part of coverup - criminal act!
do your job and stop impeding an investigation
Heard u making highly suspicious statements on #Flynnghazi #Trussiagate.  This isn't going away. You will be exposed. #Supermax
Yup.. Thank you Erin
I do wish you would put country ahead of party.  Why confirm Trump's candidates if he will be recalled due to Russian ties?
Americans want a proper independent investigation of 45's campaign, transition and WH teams' connections to Russia. & now yours
why aren't you holding town halls? You work for us senator, not the millionaires.
Or Billionaires but sadly Repugs do-the Kocks, DeVos, Mercer, Wall Street.........
why did you agree to help the WH when you're leading the investigation? That's shady, Senator. You shouldn't have done that.
Did you get your permission slip from Mitch on this vote?
SHOCK ME! Another billionaire Caucasian male. 
#TrumpRussia
