Instead of complaining about Democrats, why don't you tell us what you are doing about Flynn, Trump and treason?
You stalling releasing the facts on Putin and @POTUS while confirming their nominees puts the world at risk. #LOCKHIMUP
How dare you say"stall"when qualification to serve purpose of agencies is very much in question?Specially after Bannon's remark
As @SenateDems try to protect the U.S. from #russianaggression, it should shame you and every @SenateGOP into doing the same.
No this was about Betsy DeVos buying her way into this position. It has NOTHING to do with caring for our children. Shame on U.
@DallasWoodhouse does #MerrickGarland ring a bell?
Are you suggesting that Senate Democrats should have voted for DeVos despite the fact that she is unqualified to be Sec of Ed?
but ur state's voter suppression is GREAT for NC, tight? not allowing fair elections or N Carolians 2 choose 4 themselves is ok
and you thiught the best was Betsy DeVos.  Damn.  You suck.
seriously?  Is this the type of support we can expect during your last term?  #Disgusted _Independent #Embarassing
How can u who stalled throughout O's administration say such a thing as this? I want a Sen who doesn't speak like a hypocrite.
No.  DeVos is simply not qualified to serve.  Don't try to use NC kids for politics.
Sen. Dems. were informing the Senate how much DeVos was not qualified. You choose not the truth but party line.
partisan rhetorical bs
Democrats only doing what you Repubs taught them about stalling nominees. Do you remember Merrick Garland? #LessonWellLearned
If this is truly your last term forget politics and please, please do not support Trump's insanity. NC needs you.
It's a struggle, all right. NC schools have long been in sad shape. Betsy is not the answer.
You obstructed, complained and stalled for 8 years now your crying like a little girl? Grow up
The US System dependent on property taxes is stupid & nothing but per capita public educational system spending will do.
Ucertainly failed us with ur vote to confirm ur unqualified benefactor DeVos. I won't vote for u in 28278 - I'll remember.
Perhaps you can share some of that DeVos money you received to help "the struggle of NC families seeking the best education..."
That is not true. DeVos was a terrible choice for children.
Well, you did it. You got yourself a Sec. of Ed. who makes the 'precedent' look smart,
Hey, Sen Burr, what abt that empty seat on the SCOTUS? Hmmm?? Dems learned from the best on how to block & stall things, right?
seriously, some of us are educated you know.  The all if Trumps nominees  are incompetent and you know it.
No. LISTEN. We don't want people like Pruitt and DeVos destroying the institutions that exist to protect us and our planet.
If you don't run for Senate again, may failure follow you wherever you go. You deserve it. SHAME ON YOU.
I called multiple times to your various offices. Your line was often busy. You said your family was even getting calls. Shame.
is this the best for our children? I'm asking for all constituents who literally begged you to vote no. https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/education/wp/2017/02/18/devos-criticized-teachers-at-d-c-school-she-visited-and-they-are-not-having-it/ …
as a mother of 3 public school children in NC, I am deeply disappointed by your refusal to hear your constituents.
your continued nominations if unqualified cabinet members is hurting North Carolina families!
@SenateGOP GOP invented stalling and obstruction. Now checks, balances, and democracy are in danger.
I am very disappointed that the woman who has destroyed Detroit's schools is now in charge of the country.
you did not listen to your constituents. Sad. Shameful. So typical of a #NC republican. You are just another embarrassment.
Bought and sold.
$43,000 worth of campaign donations from DeVos. Best Sec. of Education money can buy.
Yep, and @SenThomTillis got $70K. Cost DeVos just under $1,000,000 for the gig.
Called both their offices and left messages to that effect.
I'd say what really diminishes US educational opportunities is lack of funding & priorities for spending.I'm not for religious


Really? U care about NC families? have a town hall. your site says last one was in 2012. I have a lot to ask you. #hearmyvoice
The @SenateDems desperately tried to save public education from @SenateGOP & @BetsyDeVos, who destroy it as she did in MI.
next time you're short on $, don't ask DeVos fam. The ppl of NC can start a GoFundMe for u. All we expect is that u do yr job!
Hilarious!  You put Devos in as head of Education Dept!  Do you even listen to yourself???
she contributed to your campaign, let's be real. You care about one thing reelection. You lack real principles
hey Senator, I have a great idea . What if YOU have a town hall meeting? I'm sure you would have a big crowd..
I'm sure you believe separate but equal worked so well in history too. It doesn't. Pay to play doesn't work for anyone but u @SenatorBurr
Will you ever stand up for the people of NC, or just vote the (communist) party line?  #LOCKHIMUP
How about some information on that #Putin/@POTUS probe?  Or will you drag it out for four years? #LOCKHIMUP
I am American citizen. I stand with President Trump where do you stand? immigration, refugees , getting Americans back to work
No! Betsy DeVos is UNWANTED by us regular people!! You treat it like a partisan issue, it's NOT. We didn't want her!
Actually they don't.
history has its eyes on you
Bought by DeVos. You are a disgrace to out state.  You did not listen to your constituents and you will not be reelected!
sir why does the UN do our vetting for rufugees coming in the USA?
I'm so disgusted by you. Even if you're not going to run again, you should use your position for good.
you've clearly been distracted by the  DeVos gave you and forgot that you're supposed to pick someone qualified for DoE
The people want a complete investigation of Trump's Russian connections. #impeach
and what the R's did during O's administrations, that was patriotic, was it?
bwahahaha!  Seriously?!?!  NC families seeking the best education for their children did NOT want you to vote for Devos!
Don't pretend like you care about NC kids. You sold ur soul to DeVos & the Reps for $43k. Our Dems in Senate r NC's last hope @SenatorBurr
If you were an honest man you would admit your financial ties to Betsy. But you're not. For shame. For shame.
Idiot.
You sir have put our kids education in jeopardy by a woman who has funded RNC. Devos is grossly unqualified!
you are delusional ! Sold your soul to the devil named Trump!
Again, you are unbelievable. Women are watching and we will remember. #Neverthelessshepersisted
You voted for Sessions & DeVos. Everyone knows your vote can be bought. 
Sincerely, 
Cabarrus County Voters
what's stopping you and the GOP from listening to constituents concerns? Inbox purposely still full
No the senate dems are representing the NC folk who don't want Devos, Sessions, et al. More than you are.
@SenThomTillis The confirmation of Betsy Devos is a prime example of why we must #resist and vote you both out in 2018 & 2020.

Agreed !! Please don't support the proposed carbon tax either.  The tax on air is another global socialist scheme to ruin us.
Say all you want.  The $$$ tell the real story about voting for a candidate who is obviously unqualified
How much do they pay you?
Sir, are you daft?
oh hush. We are all very aware we are not who you are working for
You craven hypocrite. You really believe history will remember you as anything but the nasty hypocrite you are? Guess again.
No - they were trying to ensure qualified people get these positions. You ignore quality for money and party lines. You coward.
one day your money will run out. You'll still be a small man.
They’re only ones listening to voices of constituents. Heed US rather than your $40K+ “gifts” from  #Devos & co. #Corrupt
no it does not. DeVos will hurt education
vote nonon sessions
POTUS dragged his feet because he didn't know what he was doing, & nominees trickled in w/o required docs
WRONG.  Obama was prepared before 1/20 & nominees came fully prepared.
This is a lie. She is obviously unqualified and we will remember your support of someone who bought her position.
why you lyin!!
there are 98300 reasons you're unbearable but your hypocrisy abt protecting fams when you continuously vote against them is #1
Dems are fighting for our rights. You work for the people, not your agenda!
would like the tally of pros and cons of citizens calls and emails to you in regard to devos.  Also, when is the town meeting ?
remember to vote him out of the senate in November
yet the senate wants to end the dept of education in 2018. How is that good for eduxation
You are the worst, Burr.
you're a distraction
I'd say "go to hell," but it looks like you're enjoying the ride, you sorry self serving a$$#ole.
Help us find NC @SenatorBurr who's been MIA! #resist
#SenateRepublicans are acting shamefully in the interests of only the 1%, not the people that elected you. @SenatorBurr #TrumpStooge
Really?  Going to completely ignore how incompetent and self-serving she is?
my conservative-ass parents called you about this. This is not a partisan issue to anyone but senate republicans
Betsy Devos is a disaster...she is against traditional public education and will move forward promoting religion in schools.

I know, like can't they see that you're just trying to make your friends richer at taxpayer expense?! Jeez!
How is she qualified? How much money did she send in support of your campaign? Democrats stalling - learned from Republicans
#horriblechoice,
she inspires middle schoolers. Because she knows as much about our ed system as they do, but may not do as well as they could
you don't have a clue about NC family struggles.
You've got to be kidding!  Your vote for DeVos is the worst thing for NC families and children.  You were bought for $43k.

don't put this on the democrats. All party aside Betsy Devos is not qualified and YOU put her in charge of our NC schools
State of N. Carolina will remember. Come next election say goodbye to ur seat, Former Senator Burr. #senatorsforsale
she FAILED Detroit, and now she'll FAIL America #senatorsforsale
Stop the bullshit. Stop enabling the psychopath in the WH. Do not vote for Sessions the racist. #letlizspeak #impeachTrumpnow
- We know she contributed to your campaign. Your vote was bought and paid for. Ours can't be. You're out on the next election!
Dems are standing up & speaking for the majority of Americans who are astonished at this clown car of nominees. #wearewatching
what's distracting you from the struggles if NC families? You've completely ignored your constituents.
actually you and your corporate colleagues are a danger to the people of NC. Confirming trumps cabinet is treacherous.
I would like to know how many calls and emails you got pleading for you to not make this decision. Shame on you!
don't deflect.  Listen  to ur constituents
and DeVos is the best candidate for the job? Please help us understand that.
As a Wake County resident, I'm deeply disappointed in your choice to ignore us. We will not forget nor will we let you, Sir.
No....Senators who receive funds allowing themselves to be bought distract from the struggles of real Americans and NC families
does it make you upset she gave more to @SenThomTillis
And Betsy DeVos is NOT the way to get the best education for all of North Carolina's children!
you are a horrible person!!
Have you driven around rural NC lately. By yourself? If so. Tell me that DeVos was best.
and just what did repub party do the last 8 yrs? Block everything! Do you think we are in Momento?
I hope God gives you your just reward in hell
GOP just filed legislation to dismantle board of education by 2018.  They are taking education away from the poor.
How egotistical to think that you know better than teachers about the educational needs of our country and state. Blinded by $$
you are the one ruining the education of our children.   When are you going to have that town hall all your constituents want?
And Betsy DeVos is going to be able to give that to our children. Not bloody likely. BTW I'm from NC. V disappointed in my Sen.
you embody everything heinously wrong in politics. #senatorsellout
no, attempts by senate democrats for looking out for NC families when you're not is commendable.
You will be getting multiple calls a day for this, as well as the vote to silence Warren on the words of CSK #BlackHistoryMonth
@IndivisibleNC5 You represent all of your constituents here in NC. Very disappointed in you. Do what is right!
Our state has many counties that don't have private schools.  Regulations that hurt public schools in favor of private is wrong
I am so disappointed in you! You have failed the children of NC today. Unqualified Devos (27263)
Not buying it. You're a hypocrite, either way.
hi Burr! I'm moving to your state because this is an obvious lie. Get psyched to hear from me *constantly*. Thanks for DeVos.
we welcome  you here, its a great state other than the politicians here!
Thank you, Kevin! It's a beautiful state and I'm elated to be moving there.
I hope you love it here.
Thank you!!
What’s bringing you here?
Needing a change, wanting to call reps who don't already agree with me, biscuits.
sen democrats were speaking for YOUR constituents that YOU ignored. You know we the people of NC didn't want this.
you tell em, Dick!
Damn liar. She is ultimately unqualified. You received over $40,000 in campaign contributions from her.
let's see 2st time in history VP had to break tie great start
In your final year as a Senator, I wish you had the courage to do what was right for our schools. I'm truly ashamed of you.
They learned from you.  But they were concerned about DeVos lack of experience and knowledge. You were just being petty.
Hypocrite
you look like a drunk
All the NC families whose calls you ignored when you voted for DeVos?
I am looking forward to seeing you voted out of office!!!
As a Republican I think you are nuts.  A Sec of Ed who doesn't know the basics of Ed laws will set education back.  Sad choice.
It didn't distract us from the $43k she bought your vote with.  You are a political sell-out. You & Devos are a disgrace.
bought and paid for. No vote from me.
and what about Sessions? You think he is not a racist?
you ignored NC families today.
disappointed in the confirmation of DeVos. We will remember who u put first in the next election.
You only vote for money you do not do what's best for North Carolina only your pocket
.@SenatorBurr and @SenThomTillis you failed the public schools in North Carolina and failed to listen to voters in your state.
I live and VOTE in NC. You are not representing me or others in this state. #shame #dumptrump #dumpburr
you are really disturbingly indifferent to your constituents.

.@SenatorBurr, an ethical approach: "I've had donations from the nominee. Better recuse myself so there's no whiff of impropriety here."
Are you referring to the "struggles" of people who want their private schools funded by the taxpayers?
Your blatant partisanship and complete cluelessness as to the needs of NC students make YOU a speedbump to quality education
How does your consenting vote help the children of North Carolina?
.@SenatorBurr my thoughts when you voted to approve Betsy DeVos: https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&cd=5&ved=0ahUKEwiS38y3t__RAhUF2yYKHQgbAxAQwqsBCBYwBA&url=https%3A%2F%2Fm.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DVAFnbkEwqjI&usg=AFQjCNHOIA-3bpxLjGOHvebpR4igj3Y11A&sig2=V2JKKJPYSJHTKg51trO_OA …. NC needs strong Ed. leaders, not idiots!
You sold out our children. I pledge to support your opponent with volunteer hours and campaign donations. Time for u to go.
how many calls or emails did you receive in support of this candidate as opposed to opposed? That should be public knowledge.
let me know how that 40k feels in your pocket you sell out. Why do you keep pretending to care about education? Shameful.
You have absolutely NO right to talk about struggling families when you just voted yes to such a crazy nominee.  No surprise...
...you're not running for reelection, so your constituents don't matter and it's all about padding that wallet.  Disgusting.
