Under the disguise of a GOP Senator lurks a spineless liberal political hack! 
#NorthCarolina  #FireBurr  http://talkingpointsmemo.com/muckraker/richard-burr-devin-nunes-created-susan-rice-unmasking-narrative …
Exactly. Russian investigation =debris to cover senate intel complicity with BHO and HRC.
What's your problem? Why'd you throw @DevinNunes under the bus you know full well #SusanRice is at fault! Turncoat. What are you afraid of?
Yep Burr is part of the swamp. He does not care about political unmasking and meeting set up to get FISAs for Obama spy ring. Sad.
Your party is in power stop letting the Democrats run it
OMG how stupid can you be. Democrats do not rule both houses. the republicans are shooting themselves in the foot. Good god turn off faux
Why is Kushner and Manafort not open and public? Why do they get to hide?
Hopefully the reason you're not going to the luncheon today at WH is a rumor.  Otherwise please explain further.
@DonaldJTrumpJr should testify publicly! the American people deserve to know & he's already given out enough info!
Start acting like your committee leader instead of a water boy for the Dems. Get behind #Potus and his agenda demand Lynch, Comey invst
@DevinNunes is telling the truth. You are blocking an investigation into the illegal Susan Rice unmasking. You are a lying & are corrupt
Jared Kushner adds more than 70 previously undisclosed assets worth $10M to financial disclosure form
There is no evidence of a crime with the Russian investigation so why do we have a SC? You need to keep Mueller in line! #maga
it's unacceptable that @DonaldJTrumpJr is given private hearing after going back on "cooperating fully." You are a coward for allowing it!
Time for you to resign, Senator. Besmirching Devin Nunes? You are shameful.
I am going to look into what needs to be done to recall @SenatorBurr . Any help would be appreciated!
Sorry for his illness, but he is a cancer on the Senate and the US government.
The only crime was unmasking and leaking. You know it. And I PRAY and thank GOD  he will judge those that have higher rule. JUDGEMENT DAY 
Where is Susan Rice's testimony?, Fusion DTF's?, are we worried about all the Clinton collusion?  Make yourself and Republicans great again!
Kushner never stated he never rec'd $$$ from Russia.Has meetings with Russians without a subject,doesn't read n email or talk w/ bro/Manifo
Please explain to America why you're not requiring Kushner's sworn testimony tomorrow? He's a proven liar but now can't be charged w/perjury
Sir,you're an embarrassment to NC voters. You're pushing a fake Russia investigation and jeopardizing @POTUS  agenda. I regret voting for u!
Me too! He's as crooked as Schumer! He didn't ask Rice about unmasking & says Nunes lied AND he didn't lie in the same sentence!
Thank you for your integrity today.
Sen Burr is ordering lunch in the Senate carry out. 
Not going to WH while investigation under way he says.
Too good to have Lunch with the POTUS ? I'll remember that next time I'm in the voting booth.
Good!! Please DO remember! If you're stupid enough to vote for ANY Republican, you're receiving your just desserts, Pete.
Rep/Dem they both Stink on Ice.
thanks & btw could you pls stop repeal w/o replace nonsense & work w/dems to strengthen the ACA we need your help on this! crazy tweet below
Yes, yes; what she said! Repealing is irresponsible. We need Congress now. Work with Dems to save America, would you? Step up & take wheel.
Need to investigate Crowdstrike Ukrainian ties and DNC server to determine if Russia was involved at all! Why FBI didn't get DNC server?
Hendo NC end this ridiculous investigation. There's 0 evidence of anything & it's halting the @GOP #MAGA agenda! We voted for change!
American people voted for @realDonaldTrump support him! We also returned @GOP to power! End this nonsense & focus on the #MAGA agenda!
Thank you Senator for calling it like u see it reg Rep Dunes & unmasking. It's always good to see politicians speak their mind, reg of party
jared kuschner needs 2 b investigated.
Hey RINO did you just refuse to investigate the illegal unmasking done by the Obama asministration?
Shame on you for not being a patriot in defense of our Democracy. History will judge you harshly as it should.
Here Ritchie Here Boy Where's my bitch ?
How many times are you going to let Jared rewrite his forms? It is ridiculous! Nobody else would get to blatantly lie like this!
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RbpBxJ3QNyvts_w16UcSSGeH7cSrXK9U3wIq0OOq-Xs/mobilebasic …
Thank you for this link.
Do your job!! Call for impeachment. Our country is more important than party loyalty. Impeach!
@MarkWarner Good morning Senators. Have you seen this?
@StevenLHall1 See this? @McFaul https://twitter.com/mcatlady54/status/888579290761117697 …
MR. BURR WHY IS SUSAN RICE  NOT TESTIFYING IN PUBLIC THAT B.S WRONG STAND UP FOR AMERICA
Please subpoena Trump Jr. and Manafort for public testimony NOW!  Grassley is a Trump-puppet. Can we count on you to do the right thing?
How ignorant do u think the American people r ? Why did all Susan Rice files go 2 Obamas library? Obviously Richard the committee got played
Kudos to you, Sen. Burr, for calling out Devin Nunes for the liar that he is.  Thank you from a North Carolina citizen.
Hooray! Now press charges against Devin Nunes. He LIED to the entire country! Send him to #jail.
Shame on you @SenatorBurr !! Jared Kushner, needs to Testify Under Oath!! Get it Done... The Most Corrupt Administration in US History!
I hope we get a good primary this time! #Burr is another reason we need #TermLimits
I'm sorry I voted for him! In my defense, our choices sucked! We need new blood in NC! He is an embarrassment!
Will you be the first of the GOP Congress to flee the trump train?

Hey Rich, it's me. You up?
Want to talk about this pardon thing. Hit me up when you get a min.
Just haven't heard from any of you guys for a little while.
Want to make sure yall are ok.
I know it's hard for you. Knowing you helped get a stooge elected potus. I'm here for you.
Do not approve anyone until we are sure that @realDonaldTrump isn't trying to obstruct investigations
Hope @GOP @houseGOP @senateGOP will join Democrats + stand up for America! #collusion is obvious#trumpRUSSIA treason is tragic!
Written report on why the GOP has lost its soul
How many Russians, secrets and lies does to take to impeach Trump?

What the hell does our healthcare have to with Russia? It's an on going investigation! Your job doesn't stop for that!!
Are you a republican or Democrat
Not going to show Support
For Trump. Because of Russia
You know dam well he didn't
Do that u need 2 B  ed
What are you doing Why are you making Manafort and Don Jr. Testify in open session but no one else????   That is sickening .  Stop it!!!
Right! Met secretly with Rice, lied about Nunes...said he lied then in same sentence said he didn't. He won't get my vote. Primary him out!
You are an embarrassment. This Russia stuff is a lie and you know it.
Hey Richard, NC is my second home.
I know you must be doing what's right for the country.
Because anything else would be a shame, gurl.
Ashmanov worked to create Russian cyber systems that "protectedRussia". He also worked with skolvovo, or whether confusing Russian word.
Americans just wanna avoid mobs& criminals influencing our politics. Check this out:Bikers 4 Trump at bottom. This isn't safe. @MarkWarner

You might as well change parties the democrats are uncharge of your committee! Your another spineless senator Get rid of you
Heard you're dodging meetings with Trump because you're scared of him. He won NC you know. Thankful your 38 years in office ends in 2022.
Hoping he's out before then. Who doesn't even feel it necessary to ask Rice about unmasking yet says it occurred? 
Hope you're running for re-election,so I can vote against you this time!" Quit hiding behind the Republican banner!"
You are a coward to refuse to go to lunch at WH stating you don't want to be"Comeyed". You are obviously as weak as Comey.Good Luck!
I just heard that on Rush.  Good job for calling him out.
I have been harsh to you in the past, but I have never been more proud of a senator.  I wish more R Sen. would show courage as you did today
Kudos for not taking a meeting with those under investigation. Seriously. Constituent, here. America will thank you. I am now. Thank you.
except u'll never vote for him anyways
Very respectful move on skipping lunch at the WH today.  Wish others would do the same.  Integrity matters.
Thank you for not attending Trump's lunch. I really respect you for that.
Hey, thanks for showing integrity and not going to the WH lunch today. I'm your constituent, voted for Ross, but I'm impressed.
We can #endhomelessness. Access to #affordablehousing is key, but we need support in Congress. Will you help us,
ty for not accepting lunch with him!!! optics matter
why was it ok for Sessions to dismiss $ laundering case of Kremlin lawyer who met with @DonaldJTrumpJr  @jaredkushner+Manafort?
Excellent point @HouseJudDems have the letter viewable for all to see.
You have no credibility as a trumppuppet.

http://8harps.com 
You're failure to denounce that GOP healthcare plan, means you supported it. You're not representing the people of NC. Resign
*your. You're = you are.
