Russia DID NOT SWAY OR CHANGE MY VOTE.  I'm sick of the establishment not doing jobs and getting rich @ expense of American ppl. Ppl voted!
This ass clown is a partisan hack. Burrs a RINO and will feel the love soon
I'm trying to keep faith that you will put country above party. Please don't let us down the way Devin Nunes did.#Trumprussia #ClintonWatts
@DevinNunes is a hero for trying to bring the deep state corruption to light. Thank you!!! Pray it doesn't go in vain
An independent investigation is the only way Americans will trust the results. Too much partisanship for years now to expect otherwise.
Who influenced all the fraudulent votes cast in Detroit for Hillary? What happened to this criminal investigation?
If you fail to look at a Democratic/Clinton/ Russian connection, you are playing the Democrats game. Podesta/Uranium mine, etc.
It was Susan Rice and John Breenen
please keep this investigation non-partisan and do what is right for the country.
#ThursdayThoughts #factsmatter
WOW! A Russian diplomat told CNN that the Russians had secret conversations with the Hillary campaign... http://ift.tt/2lR1MaH 
you're trying to give an excuse to the American people why Hillary lost and a reason to implement your corruption
Do you see the all eggs with a few followers on this thread?They're russian propaganda bots trying to divide US.
How about all the anti-Trump @georgesoros bots?
Dream on, 45 approval level is so low, he REALLY is that unpopular. No anti-Trump bots are needed. America does not like him. Get over it.
don't you have a welfare check the pickup
At least try to spell properly when attempting a lame comeback.
well it's still better miss a letter then be stupid about the whole conversation
remember your responsibility to your country. Do the right thing and let the truth see the light of day, whatever it may be.
#factsmatter #ThursdayThoughts https://twitter.com/nia4_trump/status/841130226390355968 …
Seems fine except you left out the part about holding co conspirators responsible not matter who they are
God bless you and those around you. This is what our country is about.
McCarthyism is back. Now it is Dems turn to rant and rave that their is a Communist under every bed. More fake news by Democrats!
you sound like a true American patriot today. Thank you for looking into this.
There comes a time in life, where we must put our country first. Congress job is to protect our country & people.
this is another waste of time and Our money
Your committee has, so far, shown to be seriously interested in getting to the truth.  I sincerely hope, for your sake, that it continues.
Why does the Russian investigation not include the Clinton's relationships to Russia???
Why not include the Clinton's Russian activities in your hearing?
I heard we should be careful about trusting you.  I think we need an independent investigation.  #trumprussia
This is bigger than you, both parties & your position! Don't go down in history as traitor who helped Putin. We're AWAKE & vote
thank you
"Burr seemed to suggest there was nothing special re Russian '16 op; targets 1000s of targets all the time. DNC was just one" 
Thank you @SenatorBurr  NC has your back. Yes, I'm a real voter. Keep this bi-partisan. Follow evidence. America needs this investigation.
Russia did not sway my vote. Hillary and the rest of you politicians being untrustworthy was all I needed to vote for @realDonaldTrump
I would like to thank you for your non-partisan approach. Take note Nunes.
what about Evelyn Farkas? the ex obama employee practically admitted to spying on Trump? what are you people? inept?
I don't agree with you on many issues, but I am trusting you at your word that you will see this through with integrity.
Thank you and the other members for a bipartisan committee on this important topic......
U DID NOT ASK ABOUT TRUMP ASKING PUTIN TO HACK H. EMAILS. ALSO DID NOT MENTION TRUMP IN OPENING STATEMENT
Don't mess this up Burr. Remember, you are an American 1st, Repub 2nd. You need to open this up, or those at home will remember
been following Burr for months now.All posters trying to point back to Clinton r Russian bots, dont listen,they are not real.
Your participation in this political with hunt is the equivalent to Chris Christie hugging Obama after Hurricane Sandy.
Thank you Senator, I look forward to seeing the committee going forward and yes I do not care if you voted for Trump
It is mandatory that your committee subpoena Trump's tax returns!  That will explain the Russian connection!
it’s not what you say but what you actually do. Country before Party sir!
You guys are basically saying there is no way the American people voted for Trump, Russia did via social media. This is garbage
This is FAKE grandstanding by Dems & never-trumpers.Our government is SCARY!!!! It's the LEFT that use disinformation tactics!!
What about George Soros paying for social media, protests, campaigns, organizations. FB holding "trending feature" for democrats? HYPOCRISY!
Thought you weren't making this political? Did you listen to @RonWyden's unproven accusations? This whole hearing is a farce!
VIOLATED THE LAW WATCH THE TAPE I WILL CONTINUE TO CONTACT EVERYONE TILL YOU BRING HER TO TESTIFY OBAMA DID YES DID TAP TRUMP
@MarkWarner Thank you 4 being impartial, mature adults and restoring some trust in disenchanted Americans. Unlike @DevinNunes
TOLD NUNES PRESS AND OTHERS THIS THE DEMS ARE THE ONES THAT TAPED TRUMP + STAFF AND LEAKED INFO WHEN IT SUITED THEM AND CONT.
there is a whole army of us that have already done your investigarive work. We know when you are just pushing bullshit.
OBAMA THOUGHT CLINTON WOULD WIN AND STOPPED COMEY FROM TELLING PUBLIC SO THEY DIDNT HAVE TO DEAL WITH RUSSIA DEMS HAVE CONT
WATCH MORNING JOE 3/2/17 WHERE SHE TELLS WHAT SHE DID AND HOW UNDER OBAMA ORDER YOULL FIND DEMS DID THE WRONG NOT TRUMP CON.
OBAMA ORDERED FARKAS TO GET NSA TO COLLECT ALL ON TRUMP+STAFF  THEN LEAK A LITTLE AT A TIME TO RID STAFF AND IMPEACH TRUMP CONT
It may help your case if you didn't appear as though you were trying to stifle a laugh at some inside joke. #IndependentCounsel
GET EVELYN FARKAS BEFORE COMM.WHO TOOK ORDER FROM OBAMA TO USE NSA TO COLLECT ALL ABOUT TRUMP +STAFF WATCH MORNING JOE CONT.
This is insulting to all Americans!  I didn't vote @HillaryClinton Because of her decades of corruption that I lived through!
How about you ask them how Facebook and Twitter are censoring conservatives?
Please wake me when you find these mysterious Russian Trolls who posted in English on Twitter that swayed the elections.
PLEASE don't mess this up on behalf of our state and country. Be the bi-partisan voice you are claiming you will be.
Look Burr, defend americans by telling democrats that we were not influenced by russian made fake news. Have some spine.....
San Bernadino & Orlando, Police being shot from high buildings. High Crime. Drugs. Trump didnt win because of Russia
You must be doing the right thing, because there's quite a few russian egg trolls on this feed #Trollhunters
Did Russia help Obama get elected?
This hearing is a flipping joke!  All of a sudden you are talking about what happened in the last century?
We don't need a bot to tell us that you are part of the DC pay for play Establishment. Drain the swamp!
trump is the swamp thing
Turn off CNN
and were do you get your news? NPR, BBC, NYT, im assuming they might be a little above your pay grade
I use news sources who have the temerity to expose fake news like Benghazi was a result of a YouTube video.
hahahahahaa    youtube rants from bloggers are your news source, I think we have identified the problem
Yes. The problem is you trust sources like NPR who lied to you. You are fighting for the status quo.
look at all the commie lovers not wanting an investigation of Russian meddling in US elections, its bigger than party
How about asking them about our own fake news put out by American so called journalists?
britbart? infowars? the onion?
you're taking steps to try to control the narrative in the next election this committee is pathetic
Sir You are a great hope. You come as a whiff of fresh air after what we have seen in the Congress committee
this committee garbage right from the beginning I want the truth
Excellent remarks, thank you!
Im disgusted you would feed the Dems call to try to delegitimize Trump with this Russian BS.
what happened to your opening remarks you're a sell-out you let that Democrat walk all over you and the American people
Warner did not sound fair and unbiased - Do not let this be a witchhunt. We are sick of Dems trying to humiliate our President.
trump needs no help with that
Warner says fake news was spewed. I dont believe anyone disputed the validity of Podestas corrupt emails.
History will judge how the men and women of our Congress handle Russia's affront to our democracy
@MarkWarner This isn't Russia; where is the proof they hacked anything? We've never seen proof. Could be inside job. Given Wiki
There are three russian egg trolls on this thread alone. Let the Senate look into the facts.
if the name Warren Flood does not come up you are not looking very hard.
Thank you, Senator, for your efforts to get to the bottom of this without partisanship. You are a man of integrity and courage.
#factsmatter
Former Obama WH officials hv come forward 2say they were specifically told2 "work against”incoming Prez Elec Trump
http://truthfeed.com/breaking-video-former-obama-wh-officials-say-they-were-ordered-to-sabotage-trump/60104/ … 
None of you initial witnesses can verify Russian involvement at all in our elections!
I hope you don't let Dems take over the hearing be strong
Sen Burr how is an ivy league college an expert witness on this committee?
why didnt the DNC turn their server over to the FBI? Seems to be a reasonable question to ask.
"American taxpayers deserve a government that works for them" (from your web site), not  "lobbyists" or "Trump family" or .
You & the democrats,couldn't come together for a healthcare bill for the American people, but come together for the Russians BS
It's shameful the game played by our politicians and the national security agencies! But this will come back to bite your asses
After watching remarks by the Dem Senator Mark Warner, i dont see how this will be Bipartisan. His remarks were Anti-Trump
That is a russian egg troll you are talking to, not another American.

Talk about @HillaryClinton interference in Russian elections.  It was her decades of corruption that caused her to lose!
He said he is NOT politicizing the process.
What he says and what he is doing are two different things!
LAG is not real please ignore her comments
Hey jerk, I am very real!  Look who has the dummy picture!
Have you subpoenaed.@EvelynNFarkas regarding bombshell @MSNBC admissions of illegal Obama surveillance of @POTUS Trump/team?
