This is unacceptable... can't you do something?  Bypass the Dems?  This is NOT right or fair at all.
Two cboices:
1)Support Lying Trump
2) Support WE THE PEOPLE

REMEMBER WHO U WORK FOR.
WE WILL.
That's because he has nominated anyone.
This might pass as satire - after the years of stonewalling and now watching what you are doing to Roy Cooper
Then why r u Rhinos letting this happen? Why don't u fight back? Why aren't u supporting our President? Shame on U
Here is an idea. How about appointing people who are qualified for the job?
Reality: republicans control, change the damn rules. Issue is that many republicans are progressives & like Dems are against USA voters.
Did Democrats gut the State Dept?  Because we sure could use some right now.  Stop pointing the finger, Senator.
totally agree. wish @POTUS would do his job (I mean I don't because he'd do it badly. point is this is his fault)
Then pls speak to your compatriot @SenThomTillis . Have the 15K H1-B visas convinced him to stop blocking Immigration nominee?
Look, you can do math. Good job Senator. Of course, it's hard to fill posts POTUS hasn't nominated people for. #duh
I'm furious w/GOP why isn't the committee investigating Clintons connection to Russia.Russia fake dossier?It's so 1 sided. We are disgusted
Oh, and to be on topic, you're a complete hypocrite.  YOUR PARTY CONTROLS THE GOV'T.
Please name all the nominations so far so back up your claim & this story. I hope the list is more than 200. So far only the FBI director.
You have all three branches. The problem lies with POTUS.
What goes around, comes around. Remember Merrick Garland? #youhavesomenerve
Perhaps if we wrapped up this Russia mess, they might not think stalling was worthwhile. Might actually fix the real Russia hacking, too.
Dick, just stop.  45 hasn't put forth all the nom's.  +karma@nominee Garland?  You have become an embarrassment to yourself, family, and NC.
#merrickgarland obstruction was unacceptable.
That's because he's Trump.
reoubs & dems should learn how to cooperate.
U e un charge of government no more obstruction fund a way to change and push them through Americans r tired of games
Why are you allowing the Dems to run the agenda...Intelligence Committee ranking member is always pushing guilty-look at their history
Seems like you have bigger fish to fry at the moment. Why don't you leave the bullshit talking points to your comrade president.
Yes, what are we doing about that? Guess the Senate needs to stay put instead of going home.
Aren't Repubs in charge?  Repubs sre only good at making excuses for doing nothing.  Gutless wonders.
REPUBLICANS DID THE SAME THING UNDER OBAMA. ALL OF YOU IN WASHINGTON ARE TOTALLY DISFUNCTIONAL. NOT STATESMEN...POLITICIANS....REPEAL OC
Then go Around them and confirm the people. Republicans are ninny babies who don't have backbones to dems They walk all over u & u let them
One day you will be forced to acknowledge the mess YOU have made. Quit blaming others
Merrick Garland
If you would get off this Russia BS you might get something done.
Merrick freakin' Garland.
You said if Hillary won, you'd obstruct her Supreme Court pick!  Now you're complaining about obstruction... that doesn't exist!!!  Madness.
Completely UNACCEPTABLE  is ur lack of integrity on the committee. You r leading the GOP lack in spine and ethics for the people
Why have you all allowed so many of appointees w Russian connections through? Aren't any of you suspicious? DJT tax returns may be answer
What standards are you all working with? Why can't we expect the BEST for our country?
If Potus wasn't spending 75% of his time on Covefe, 18% on Trump Golf Courses & other 7% with "pen in hand" maybe you'd have nominees.
Sir, with all due respect, many nominees have not been what would be called stellar. A judge who blogs untruths by an assumed name? Really?
Obstruction=Republican. Guess Dems are in agreement now. Too bad karma is such a b*tch.
Fellow north Carolina guy here not impressed with your criticism of my president maybe you should do more of what you're hired to do
Unacceptable: You and your party intentionally did not even allow a vote on a SUPREME COURT JUSTICE.
Stay in session 24/7 until they are confirmed and Obamacare is repealed,
Oh stop, just stop whining. Paid for blocking President Obama all those years & getting nothing done, THAT'S completely unacceptable. Sad.
Delay is the right approach to deal with the routinely nonsensical nominees
He's NOT legitimately elected . He shouldn't get administration filled
It's your guy not making appointments, Dick. He hasn't discovered who Putin sold the offices to yet.
Maybe that was the subject of the second G20 discussion? Taking orders from his Russian handlers?
Yeah, all these delays are annoying. Almost as annoying as the willful GOP delays under Obama. U reaping what u sowed. Karma don't stop now!
Just wanted to share this with you ICYMI.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/?tid=a_classic-iphone …
All the GOPs are feeding cult 45 bc smart GOPs will turn soon if not already. SO MUCH MORE lies 2 blame Ds & instigate hate-mongering ! SAD!
I hope every American out there boots these reps and senators and start electing people we would see shopping in Wal Mart.
With American and military lives like that. First healthcare and now this. This is the worst Presidency I have ever had to endure.
Get to say wether they want war or not. Now the American people have no say. What kind of game are you all playing at that you would gamble
Unilaterally writes off that ability. No President should be able to declare war with out Congress approval. Our house is where the people
I tell you what is unacceptable is when you have bipartisan agreement to limit Presidential power on declaring war and you constituent Ryan
Trump shouldn't be allowed to fill any admin seats. Look how well #Flynn & #Kushner turned out 2 b. A bunch of #traitors. 
#RussianCollusion
Trump appointments have been in total incompetents & opportunists.Many, if not all intend to literally destroy our vital public institutions
Tell Dear Leader to get off the blame everyone else wagon and actually nominate people.  No one wanting to for for his is no excuse.  SAD
By my reckoning el trumpo hasn't even nominated the vast majority of appointees (not counting the ones who run away)
Completely unacceptable that Republicans in my party are not doing what needs to be done to protect our country from the traitor in Chief.
1.If that were the only problem.No 1 wants 2 work 4 Trump; radioactive political suicide. 2.Dems learned tactic well 4 past 8 yrs from Reps
Russians have Trump & his horrific kids working 4 them. The Republicans work 4 Trump. The American people have a few Democrats working 4 us.
Step up Mr. Burr! The repubs are stalling.
Aw boohoohoo. The way 'Pubs jerked @BarackObama around? Completely disrespected his right to nom. @Scotus ? Tough shit. Worry about #Treason
Then change the rules your party is in power stop letting the Democrats run it

It's frustrating that both sides are playing games. You both need to work together across the board
How can The Democrats delay anything with Republicans holding majority in house and senate?
Trumpisincompetent,has left HUNDREDS of posts w/o nominees. Plenty of time 4 golfing, violating emoluments, betraying America to RU!!
Ur supposed to place COUNTRY over party,what is wrong with u?What if this whole thing happened to a Dem?What would u do?Its not about u
I'm tired of u pushing off the blame.Take responsibility 4 Ur own shortcomings.I used to think u didn't want a Russian senate.
Geez, if it just wasn't for the Garland obstruction. Karma is a biatch.
Bull!Senator!We want to make sure Russia is out of r senate.Why do u have an affinity 4 nominees w/Russian ties?Response?
You're completely unacceptable
Well while you wait WHY DON'T YOU DO SOMETHING ABOUT GETTING VETERANS ACCESS TO MODERN MEDS THROUGH THE VA OR DO YOU NOT CARE?
#merrickgarland
REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW SENATOR BURR!!!!!!
Completely unacceptable: Kushner lying, Trump Jr. meeting, Trump/Putin hour long meeting with nobody else.  Respond to that!
Thats what you should've told wall street since no one went to jail!!! Unacceptable!! Do something about our next election!!
I don't know why you are letting him get by with all the lies and rule breaking. He is working for himself Not the American people.
Good! He'll be gone by then.
Remember Merrick Garland?
Yes, it is. Who's in charge?? Why did we bother rallying conservatives for the last six years? Stop trying to be "fair"..dems sure won't be.
The Republicans are not acting like they are in charge of these committees.  All Trump related testimony must be behind closed doors then!
Why is Susan Rice testimony behind closed doors.  WE THE PEOPLE demand an open hearing
President Trump had 130 nominees waiting to be approved.  What the hell are you people doing? Push these through !!
You're better than the blame game, Mr. Burr. This is really disappointing to see.
Trump hasn't nominated enough people AND Republicans did the same to Obama - glass houses, Senator.
It would be nice if all parties involved would get of their asses and do the job that they were fucking elected by America to do
we don't need more money laundering  crooks in this administration-keep holding up appts.
So far Trump had done nothing but lie to us and so far he's administration all been connected with Russia, so why do we want more of that ?
Let's get this straight we don't want no more Russian connection in our white house or with @realDonaldTrump's administration !!
Burr, three words for you: Judge Merrick Garland...
Ditto everyone else here.  Stop acting like you are representing us or that this administration is competent. You have no moral high ground.
your buddy Thom Tillis holding up one of Trumps nominees.
Please let us know how Trump Russia investigation is going. Thanks!

Also Obamacare repeal would hurt our state.
Do you forget you don't needs D to pass nominees. You just have to... nominate and vote on them w ur majority, peddler of lies.
What's unacceptable is a GOP Majority Senate that's scared to repeal Obamacare.
If that is true, we've learned it by the best. Remember Merrick Garland? Hypocrite! You bring NC to shame.
Tweeting false facts....I believe 45 must be rubbing off on you...not a legacy you want to leave #NorthCarolina
4.   – on the Eastern District of North Carolina. Not many people know that."
3. "This is not tough for me," he added later. "I had the longest judicial vacancy in the history of the United States –
2. opening on the Supreme Court," Burr said, earning a round of applause.
1.  "If Hillary becomes president, I’m going to do everything I can do to make sure that four years from now, we’re still going to have an
Did you feel the same when @GOP withheld the previous President the ability to have a #SCOTUS  nominee vote on? No double talk please.
No American witnesses present.  Why such an egregious break of protocol and secrecy?
Can we talk about the undisclosed, hour-long Trump/Putin meeting at the G20?  Only 3 people there-Trump, Putin, PUTIN'S translator.
He'll be long gone.
Merrick Garland also has thoughts on delaying hearings for vacant positions.
Stop your lying no one believes you.. retire
Then maybe you should get your boy @realDonaldTrump to stop tweeting and start fucking nominating people
Hopefully he will be impeached soon and the next president can pick them
1 not true DT hasn't nominated people
2 his nominees are the worst possible choice
3 Rs did similar things to O
4 you're the problem
1) Garland 2) No nominations 3) Lack of people who even want to work for 45 4) You chose this of all things to describe as unacceptable?
Dude, he's got to nominate people for the positions first and he can't even win at that!
You mean like how our own state still hasn't filled court appointments after 8 years in the coastal area? Not always the D's fault Senator
Libs pretend these positions haven't been nominated but most have. Senate needs to get busy including #FullRepeal as promised for 7 years.
Learn learn learn...dems smart and republican dumb...simple
We have the Senate, Congress and the POTUS. Still get nothing done. Bunch of gutless losers.
Something else completely unacceptable is Obamacare. How about you do something instead of complaining about it.
Sad that your Republican voters still believe your lies. Not enough Dems to stop a single appointment. Retire with some class already.
I trust Richard Burr w/ Nothing ! always putting party over country, now joining the Blame game over Trumps ineptness .
M E R R I C K   G A R L A N D
You need better candidates
You and the GOP denied President Obama's SC nominee a hearing, so just stop with your lies.
No one wants MORE if TRUMPS cronies in office! I hope they keep delaying. U need to be fired too
Well then Senator, do YOUR job and work with colleagues of ALL parties. You are paid to collaborate and talk.
And you're paid to listen to your #constituents @SenatorBurr
You worried about the dems, when trump and his family is suckinh America dry?
Isn't t that the GOP playbook when obama was president?
Well maybe the republicans need to decide if they're there to support the president or be voted out. The people have had enough!
Mr Burr you should never say a damn word about blocking appointments, you wrote the book
Stuff a sock in it, old man.
Be consistent, Mr. Senator. See: Burr’s absurd blockade of a judge in his home state http://goo.gl/3ltEqC  #ncpol via @ncpolicywatch
Hypocrisy: the practice of claiming to have moral standards or beliefs to which one's own behavior does not conform.
Enough BS, Senator! How are Dems going to vote on half the nominations that STILL haven't been made by incompetent admin you support?
You don't see the hypocrisy? All y'all did for 8 years was oppose all things obama! Also NOT true- 45 hasn't even nominated for many posts!
Merrick. Garland.
How many has he put forward that are to be approved vs no names being submitted? Just curious.
It time to use the nuclear option and vote them all in at one time!
You bragged about holding up judicial vacancies; you said you would deny HRC a SC nom. You reap what you sow, stop whining.
Since the majority of Americans don't want Trump or his cronies: see popular vote, 2016; I'm at peace with this.
" I’m going to do everything I can do to make sure that four years from now, we’re still going to have an opening on the Supreme Court,"
Those  who obstruct, delay, boycott, refuse to participate, should NOT BE PAID! They took an oath & they owe @realDonaldTrump &citizens WORK
Really? You blame Democrats?
In fairness, they are just using the Tea Party playbook here. A bit hypocritical to then bash them for using tactics we embraced.
kinda like Merrick Garland, ya know.  This admin is just horrible.  It won't take 11 years, hopefully Trump will be out in less than 3
So, what's your point? You're voting record is also unacceptable to North Carolina. You should work to impeach Trump. #impeachtrump #BadDad
Is this considered "fake news"?
With all due respect sir, many have shown they have no memories or unable to fill out SF86 or slipped in to do a non-recusal. Lies abound
Disgraceful, do nothing Senate.  Change the rules!
Inflammatory and false statement. Rs control, can push forward candidates. There are no candidates. What's unacceptable is YOUR reelection.
So we're you similarly upset by @GOP blocking Supreme Court nominees from President Obama?
That's your fault. Hell, Tillis is holding up one of the appointments himself.
I'm patient especially when it comes to destroying our democracy
were u this disappointed when u obstructed #merrickgarland's nomination to #SCOTUS? or when u obstructed @POTUS44 for 8 yrs. #Resistance
Senator Burr the mess we are in now is all on the Republicans doorstep. Trying to shift blame on the minority is pathetic.
Or " Be a Man" and own your own as well as your Party's behavior.
You blocked two judicial nominees for Eastern Dist of NC for more than 10 yrs.
My God, man. North Carolina and the country deserve better than these lies, Senator. 
p.s. you reap what you sow.
There are 2 issues holding back confirmations. Neither r Dems. Either Trump has not nominated in writing or person nominated was ludicrous.
And the picks he's making suck! They can't keep their hands clean!
Trump's strategy is to nominate no one for thousands of roles. Consolidate power in Exec branch. You're complicit. No one is fooled by you.
@MSNBC @FoxNews 
Really Senator? How about your OBSTRUCTION  and DELAY of Merrick Garlands nomination!
That was Completely Unacceptable!
Oh come on, Dick
Merrick Garland.
Then do something about it, sir!  That's why you were elected.  Stop letting POTUS make a mockery of us all!
This should not be a "we" - "they" arrangement.  All of the Senate and House s/b working for the benefit of the majority of US citizens.
Two words: Merrick Garland
Maybe it would help if he didn't nominate people that are ethically compromised and horribly unqualified
How most of us felt when you refused to even hold hearings for Merrick Garland. You reap what you sow.
Can you tell us why @SpeakerRyan has not brought YOUR Senate approved Russian sanctions bill up for a vote? Is he a traitor?
There are more than 450 senate confirmed positions HE HAS NOT EVEN NOMINATED too busy playing golf @ the cost to us of 3.6 million each
While I disagree with you on many issues, I genuinely thought you were more intelligent than this.
Merrick Garland?
You must have nominees first before you can think about a delay in their confirmation. @POTUS alone is responsible, and you know it, sir.
You lost all credibility on this issue when you refused to even meet with Merrick Garland. Do your job and stop blaming others for GOP mess
Come on... stop blaming the Dems. Just stop!
This Administration is incompetent.
You are really, really bad at governing!
What can be done about it besides remomimating with different candidates acceptable to dems
You've got to be kidding.Double standard Republicans like you make me sick. You had no problem delaying a Supreme Court nominee.Shame on you
That would be preferable to an AG that perjured himself 3 times NO FAITH IN HIM.  HHS that did insider trading to enrich himself
It would help if he were nominating people who were actually qualified for the jobs. Oh, and if it weren't for #TrumpRussia and all his lies
Because the Repugs didn't stonewall Obama's candidates??? PLEASE!!!!
Is your position to repeal Obamacare, or to go along with the GOP establishment and approve Obamacare lite?
