PLEASE #VoteNo #noskinnyrepeal too many people & their lives are at risk if this bill passes,including mine. #FIXACA don't rip away our care
A little diversion?
Well the IRS is on par with American voters the. As a country, we've mistakenly rehired McConnell, Nixon, Rohrabacher, GWB, even Ted Cruz.
IMAGINE THAT!
People who work for the government not following the rules!
Like EVERYONE in WH

Or GOP state reps in NC changing laws at will
Richard Burr is supposed to be investigating Russian Collusion? Is he afraid of Pres. Trump? Is he putting Party of his Country?
Why are you discrediting the IRS?
And targeting conservatives
So what? The guy in the WH is a bad actor and you are okay with that.
What are you going to do about it?  What have you done to support your president?
America learned that you work for special interest, not the people of NC. And your total loyalty lies with Trump.
Ahh duh American people hired/voted for a President with many failed projects and many bankruptcies.  #donaldtrump #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Why don't you answer your phone?
Please do not vote for the "skinny" bill.
Umm... the American people continue the wholly unacceptable practice of hiring bad actors.
Like Donald Trump?
Hard 2 believe you are concerned w bad actors given your blind loyalty to 45. How abt fighting for the ppl you are supposed 2 represent.
IRS has been used - ALLOWED themselves to be used as THE WAY to torment individuals who corrupted politicians have TARGETED
@SenThomTillis @LindseyGrahamSC So what is Congress going to do to fix it?  You have everything needed to resolve?  #RepublicansAgainsTrump
As you vote yes for #SkinnyRepeal, think about families like mine, whose monthly premiums will inc from $1,400 to $7,200 by 2016, aca to CBO
Not sure what you're expecting NCians to do, go without? Risk everything? We want to do the right thing. But no one can afford that.
You support the worst kind of actor:  reality tv!  Remember him?  Elected by the minority?
I wouldn't be surprised to learn that this misconduct was a direct result of leadership failures & understaffing creating bad morale.
No one cares. Stop trying to distract from your dishonorable votes to repeal Obamacare and replace it with crap. Voting you out!
Your "yes" vote and unwillingness to stand up to wannabe dictator Trump, secures your place as the most useless NC Senator ever. Retire now!
Well, you're in office, as is Tillis, Rouzer and tRump. So why should IRS be any different? Congress and Senate are FULL of back actors.
Until you see Trumps return you do not need to worry IRS about anything else
Kind of like politicians who get re-elected isn't it?
Vote no on the"Skinny Bill". Fix the ACA and show that you have a heart and compassion.
And a backbone
Donald Trump has failed we need to fire him
Speaking of bad actors...you conveniently still have a job. You shouldn't, but you do.
Impeach @realDonaldTrump
This wasn't quite the distraction you had hoped for, was it? #SkinnyRepealFAIL
I don't trust anything a Republican senator says anymore. I'm sure this is a fine practice.
Vote NO on skinny bill!
We won't forget you re-Tweeted stale bread 15 minutes before vote on bill to steal healthcare from a half million NC in need.
#trumpruussia #treason was an act of WAR people who resist are PATRIOTIC! #healthcare keeps US strong #Medicaid = HOPE 4 many
This is just one reason why we need the #FairTax.  Please take an honest look at this legislation and make it law.
Also learned past 6 months, our President only cares about self enrichment & you don't care. Thanks for supporting our shift to Autocracy
Quit distracting. All we want to know is what the hell happened with drumphf campaign & Russia. #ImpeachTrumpNow
We also learned from the Senate Judiciary today that POTUS is a compromised Russian agent. What are you going to do about THAT?
All the incompetent sycophants you personally have approved for this administration and you are worried about 130 out of 82,000 at IRS?
How about hiring someone to answer your phones!
Comments show how little credibility you have judging "bad actors." Grow a spine &subpoena Trump's tax returns b4 you have 0.
Why do you think they're hiring these people? Are there not enough applicants or is this widespread government nepotism?
Lets disc this and ur ideas and thoughts on Health Care and an update on the invest at your August town halls pls share dates w/ const. asap
You should be far more worried about tax evasion, money laundering and illegal campaign donations in ur own party !!
You confirmed:
Jeff Sessions
Betsy DeVos
Rick Perry
Scott Pruitt
Wilber Ross
etc...
What about your bad actor hiring record?
#GlassHouses
As awful as this is, it's like rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic. Save your outrage for POTUS 45
And also that @GOP wants Americans to die.
Several weeks ago the American people learned that @realDonaldTrump hired a known Russian operative as his NSA.  Where is your outrage?
Indict @RepDWStweets who is kidding who. How much real offences does she have to commit before she gets cuffs and a cell???
You set the example from the top down when the GOP chose Trump (and took on his whole family of grifters). Act right to lead, @SenatorBurr
So do something about it !!
Drain the Swamp, Repeal #Obamacare, 

Supporth @POTUS
hmmm, I feel the same way about Congress appointing inexperienced inappropriate people to trumps cabinet.    town hall please
#prioritiesallwrong
Senator, why do we always get voicemail when calling your office?
Seriously
Know what's also bad practice?  Taking away your constituents healthcare.  Not that you give a damn anymore.
Bad Actors, like Congressmen who are in the pockets of super-rich donor$?
Complaining about this while ignoring the bad actors this admin promotes and installs is height of irony. Take a legit stand against 45.
We also have a bad actor sitting in the Oval Office.  Impeach!
Just like the American electorate, electing incumbents who are happy to vote for a bill they've not seen, stripping them of insurance
How do you feel about people lying on their White House security clearance forms?
Pales in comparison to your party continuing wholly unacceptable practice of supporting known bad actor occupying the White House
Bad actors hired: Sessons, Mnuchin, Price, Tillerson, Pruitt, DeVos, Carson, Perry, Perdue et al, - departments in crisis. GET REAL Senator.
Wow, simply unbelievable. Very discouraging!
How about cutting the HUGE expenditure that DoD/Vet Affairs pays for Viagra!
Bad actors? Unconcerned about IRS hiring. Very concerned about all the hires trump made to tear down our government. Aren't you?
Yet, you blindly follow 45 who refuses to release his tax returns. Head in the sand?
People deserve a second chance and people need to work. It's stupid that you're even tweeting about this given everything else going on!
I know a guy who does this! Too bad you don't have the guts to speak out against him and secure your place on the right side of history.
Wtf are u even tweeting about this? NC depends on the military & our vets & you're on abt the gd IRS?!? While ppl are attacking our troops??
Don't care. I care more about you voting NO to repeal the ACA.
Time for you to step up to the plate. And repeal ocare or be FIRED
Go ahead. Keeping coming after them. Piss them off. They've managed to keep Trump's tax returns from the public so far.
Don't disagree!  Exert the power of oversight AND preserve access to affordable healthcare!  You can do both!
Well, we kept electing you, we elected Trump.  Perhaps that's just an American bad habit. Don't worry we are getting help.
Well you are not getting rid of trump and he is insane. Good luck with reelection.  You don't have my vote
You are worried about this. But haven't went after Trump for tax returns and tax evasion
Bigger fish to fry - how's the investigation going?
Remember when Jeff Sessions was denied in the 80s and hired this year. You're bias is showing hack.
