Thank heavens he has healthcare!
You'll will vote for "ANYTHING" = disqualifies ya'll from serving US! Declaring your willingness to harm AMERICANS for a traitor DISGUSTING!
What has happened to our great Senator, John McCain is why we need good healthcare.  Vote NO on repeal!
Americans overwhelmingly want to keep and improve ACA.
Senator, I am a constituent of yours and I am asking that you vote against repealing the ACA. Instead, work with Dems to reform!
The ACA does have its problems and that is why we need bipartisan measures to make it better because it has helped many.
Protect and enhance Social Security and Medicare. Vote for issues that serve your constituents in NC.
Senator, please vote NO on Trumpcare.
@SenatorBurr your conduct handling the Russia investigation has restored some faith. You've been tough and reasoned, just like John McCain.
Please do not vote to appeal the ACA. There are many - millions of Americans that depend on Medicaid and Medicare here in NC. Have a heart!!
Yes, it is very sad to see an honored veteran turn on POTUS and "we the people".  That's likely to be his legacy
And thank God this American Hero has healthcare.  If you vote to repeal but not replace, how many vets will lose access to care in NC? NO!!!
He may be a friend to you but he serves himself, Dems and their ideas. Definitely doesn't serve the American people. Put God 1st, not urself
Are you praying for us who will lose our healtcare and Medicaid? Moral Courage where did it go?
FIRE SESSIONS- HES USELESS & TRUMP SUPPORTERS HAVE HAD ENOUGH WITH PEOPLE WORKING AGAINST TRUMP- VOTE USELESS REPUBLICANS OUT OF OFFICE TOO!
Esp since he has taxpayer funded cadillac healthcare
honor him by fighting for immigration reforms instead of enabling current regressive policies.
I don't get why you hate
Trump a the Republican
Base so bad. Since you
Don't seem to care the TRUMP
Train is coming  4 U book it
Senator McCain is a great patriot and ive always believed the maverick is a true American before party. God bless w/medical trestments
The Democratic and Republicans are American and not the Bolshevik

He betrayed us!
It is too bad we can't expect near as much from you.
please add Senator Hirono to your prayer list
Takes a tough guy facing certain death to remove other people's healthcare.
And he HAS HEALTH INSURANCE but 20 million won't because of you too
Thankful he has a good healthcare plan. HOLD OUT for a BIPARTISAN solution. Time to Change HOW we do business in DC. Bipartisan or Bust!
He is tough. Will he also be courageous and vote against the corrupt BCRA? What will you do? The right thing or go along with McConnell?
I hope today you and the maverick vote no to taking healthcare away from the disabled in Medicaid cuts
Keep Americans alive, don't deny them healthcare
Vote "No!" Senator Burr and don't be a kiss ass to Kushner.
Willing to do the job at a cheaper price. You are all as expendable to us the People as the American People are to you and your party.
Seat to sit upon for very much longer. Just like every person out here is told about a job, there is always some one more able, and more
The massacre take place. Are you apart of that? Is that what you joined office to be? If so, then rest assured you will not have a senate
Soliders and the enemy are being fired upon and not caring he killed his own men. All the while he and his advisors sit back and watch
A man that puts his parties needs before his Country men is no man of honor. That's like a general who fires missiles knowing both his
Morals, ethics, and values to give esteem to a man that robs children. Donates a buck then ask for 100 in return for getting others to give.
Stained the very ideal of what it means to be President. I can not follow a man that bullies men and degrades women. It goes against my
You by standing silent to current events. Our President has lied, as his constituents, he has undermined the security of our nation, and
It needs tweaking but it doesn't need to be repealed. I hope that i as a voter, you understand your future prospects, and what encompasses
Speaking of health Senator I hope you too are not willing to put millions at risk all for the sake of a buck. ACA is working great.
Wish him well to stay home for good.  No need for RINO's this day & time when the Republican Party is not standing up for their constituents
"No further questions..."
“Mr. Kushner, this hearing is about the leaks coming from the WH that exposed crimes committed by you & others. Do u know source of leaks?”
PLEASE HELP HEALTH CARE BILL WITH HOLD OUTS

HUGE: Former GOP Senator Advises Colleagues to Vote No on Trumpcare 'MTP' Vote

https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2017/07/24/gop-senators-dont-approve-mystery-health-bill-david-durenberger-column/502976001/ …

Sitting in the rain, ok. Medicaid cuts to home/community care making disabled sit in urine, NOT ok #ADAPTandRESIST 
This guy did not fight to turn United States of America into Putin's playground. Let's get the Kremlin out of OUR house! #TrumpRussia 
We do not care how Russian mob compromised the GOP or what they have on you.  We just want our country back! #DefendDemocracy #TrumpRussia
My prayers and best wishes Sen.John McCain. Get well soon. We love you
He is an evil person like yourself! A traitor to the Republican voters that voted for @POTUS!!! You are a lying, corrupt politician.
I hope John McCain can vote one last time & scuttle McConnell's vicious bill. Does he realize the healthcare he has he would deny others?
All good wishes to McCain.

But. Do your job. Impeach the imbecile in the WH. 

Save AC.
You said @DevinNunes created the Rice unmasking? What? Are you serious? Did he make her do it? Are you a #RINO too? Geez #SusanRice
Resign- sick of RINO's! Sick if Russia lies! All intended to remove authority from our ELECTED President! He decides foreign issues Not You!
I wish the best for Mr. McCain as well. Now, how long are you going to let this Jarred bullshit continue. Come on man. Country BEFORE party!
How many times does Jared get to lie and still have his security clearance
Re Unmasking: Your as stupid as I thought you were
#trumprussia #treason is a WAR on US + we need @houseGOP @senate GOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems to act ASAP
Every American deserves good healthcare, not just elected officials.

Save AC!

No wealthcare!
We all are, @SenatorBurr
Jr & manafort need 2 testify publicly. GOP needs 2 be held accountable 4 putting party over country. This is BS!
Vote this idiot Richard Burr out. He is a swamp creature with no business in the People's House. "No, I did not ask Rice if she unmasked".

Yet another 10 activists en route to crash Sen Burr's offices. They got lost and took the freight elevator en route but are almost there 
Thank god he has tax payer health care, I hope you really think about what you're doing to families who are & will face diagnosis like this!

Be like John McCain Senator Burr. Put country over party & clean this mess up. Get rid of the dirty on both sides bought by Russia. History!
While you guys play politics you are stressing a country over taking away health care protections.
I'm hoping for McCain's good health too but also other people's health.  How's this going to work?
Somebody making $11,400 in a state that didn't expand Medicaid would have a *$13,000* deductible under BCRA, CBO says.
NC prayers being sent
Please do @SenJohnMcCain well and put country before party.
If I had a brain tumor, Blue Cross wouldn't pay for my care!  The GOP has become a bunch of hypocrites and liars.
He'd want you to do something about this.
Trump is still colluding w/ Krelim on joint cyber activities, while cutting State Dept. programs on cyber security.
http://www.reuters.com/article/russia-us-cyber-idUSL1N1KB14V …
maybe its time you met a working American one who doesnt receive handouts mote than happy to introduce you to them well after they eat safer
Why can't politicians care this much about their constituents and make an effort not to ruin healthcare for everyone?
Can you suggest ALL Americans gets healthcare like sen McCain?
Remember when Democrats said McCain would die in office & Palin was unfit to be president? These are the people you've aligned yourself with
I am praying for him too. He is a true patriot and you don't get much tougher than that.
he should be an example to all who serve. Make us proud Sen Burr. you have your own battle ahead too
