Think about your base while your on vacation for a month. The base can't afford vacation, healthcare, they are hurting
Who's running this show? Come on Burr; you're suppose to be Top Dog over there! There is NO RUSSIA! Dems made up!
Have to slightly disagree. ProgDems didn't make it up. They are projecting their own actions onto opposition.  
Ouch.  That exhange must have stung!
Maybe the traumatic brain injuries explain why you can't seem to grasp the connection between the Trumps and the Kremlin.
This is the best you can do for North Carolina? Geesh
He won't even speak to the people who elected, the shit. He works my dam nerve
Quit hiding behind meaningless tweets; have a realTown Hall meeting with real North Carolinians, not hand-selected sycophants!
WHO CARES? You need to be working on healthcare. @realDonaldTrump said it would be better but you're literally trying to kill people!


https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/07/bill-browders-testimony-to-the-senate-judiciary-committee/534864/ … Everyone!! Blow up this article with likes/retweets!!!! This is what Putin wants to turn the US into!!! #TrumpRussia

Watch this Canadian doctor own a GOP senator on universal health care in 2014 
Senator please post or tweet your August schedule so your constituents can know where we may meet you to discuss our varying concerns.
go and enjoy the fresh grass. you need to be put out to pasture.
Let's honor science stars
You passed a bill making it legal to hunt & kill bear cubs and wolf cubs in Alaska. You are a very bad person. Hope you suffer the same pain

#Jsutice4vets# WhistleblowerTarrefSimon 
I'm nostalgic for a decent person in the White House & congresspeople with the backbone to stand up to the embarrassment now residing there.
If this is your last term, do the right thing for we the people? Fix problems with ACA no repeal, a real investigation into DT n Russia
Our Government is falling apart and the GOP is trying to strip Health Care from millions, and you are tweeting about football?

Time to go out to pasture
2.  hired; all DEMS; Obama lovers. YOU tell me how this works out? HE NEEDS TO RECUSE NOW! Best Pals with COMEY! This cannot continue!
How about focusing on impeaching Trump and fixing The Affordable Care Act?
Why can't we have the smell if fresh grass every month? Legalize marijuana!
This mofo
I hope you were better at football then being a Senator. You suck at the Senator thing. You suck at the human being thing too.
What are you doing about #genx in @CityofWilm's water? In NY Senators pressured EPA to designate Hoosick Falls as a Superfund Site #PFOA
Did Senator Warner let you make this Tweet?#LapDog
But don't you feel political injustice dished out by dem crooks.  It even smells and not like fresh grass.  Barnyard type smell.
You looked Good BURR!!!! NOW ACT IN THE BEST INTEREST OF THE UNITED STATES!!!
You are soooooo hated by the people of North Carolina
Warner, Fenstein & Harris have blood dripping from their mouths! Vampires of the Senate. There IS NO PROOF. Now Mueller has 16 lawyers ....
Over a year of investigating and NO PROOF of Russia! @realDonaldTrump  is OUR President and deserves a huge apology for the hell unleased!
One of them being this...
https://twitter.com/MartinHeinrich/status/892448286682075136 … and what you intend to do.
Do I have this straight? President Trump wants to sabotage our health care system & cause premiums to skyrocket bc he didn’t get his way?
Senator when can we your constituents expect to see you and Senator Tillis to hold a town hall meeting in the 6th district?
maybe when you retire from the senate you can TACKLE #CTE as your post-senate mission.
What happened to you?  You like a kid in the picture that used to have principles...  #maga
Principles anchored in the constitution but I think maybe you too many favors. Not sure why libs responding here don't like u. RINO.
I hope No One gets hurt. It's lucky that we still have the ACA. (Which you voted to end with no replacement.) A fix is needed. Not a repeal.
I'd b more impressed w ur support to #FIXOBAMACARE
cute but just #doyourjob  @IndivisiblesNC @IndivisibleNC6 @IndivisibleNC5 @Indiviscarteret @wilkes_ccox49er  @indivisisbleCLT
Looking like a star kickoff team guy
Never knew...you look bad....I played too.
I'm nostalgic for democracy. #letsimpeach
All work and no play makes for a doll day LOL
I feel nostalgic for when republicans took threats to our national security seriously.
Our coach frowned on us doing pot during the season
Oh PPLLEEAASSEE!  We in NC prefer you direct your energy to the impeachment process.
Oooh brain damage! That explains so much. I'm so sorry senator, your loss is truly our loss.
Great photo!
It makes me nostalgic for those days when elected officials did what was best for the country and not their party.
WE have strong evidence that @realDonaldTrump campaign willingly met with an agent of the Russian government for assistance in the election!
Resign. Come back to North Carolina and smell grass. Bring @SenThomTillis with you. The state would be better off.
Do your job in congress & stop blocking @POTUS agenda 2 #MAGA Investigate DebbieWS & her IT if in mood to investigate! OCare, taxes waiting!
yes! Kick it right out of the WH , if you catch my drift!
Please get our delusional President out of office. Seriously, there is something wrong with him.
Nice! I hope you'll join the ranks of Sen. Flake. Soon before there's nothing left of our country.
Go Deacs! Go Demons! Rock on Senator Burr!
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE ABOUT MUELLER?  What have you done to support your president? Now Mark Meadows is a real Congressman.  Courageous.
Yeah, we know. Wake forest blah, blah. How bout you get busy investigating Russian infiltration of our govt. Who investigates you?
Well, I'm nostalgic for a time when our government wasn't in chaos and the @GOP actually cared about constituents and not big donors.
#trumprussia #treason is a crisis and leaders of the free world know! @potus should not be allowed to pardon anyone involved in HIS crimes.
Go ahead outside in the morning and stick your face in the grass.  It will probably be the most productive you've been for NC.
Sounds like You want to legalize marijuana...GREAT 
and a good old fashioned mind numbing blow to the brain. Go, cool guy stuff!!!!
Let's see,  we have a Pres. dismantling our democracy, who has dementia and the nuke codes, and provokes N. Korea via twitter...1/2
What could go wrong?
Reynolds or Wake?
Time for you to join with those wanting to impeach trump. Don't expect to be reelected.  If you don't #impeachtrump
Maybe focus on serving your constituents better. Or is that going to be another failed dream you tell your great grandkids? "Back in my day
All I did was reminisce on how bad I was at football, and then how many people I killed as a GOP senator! Good times kids, good times!"
"Now go make your grand pappy proud, and grab some pussies and best up some black folks. That's my favorite past time of all."
"But most importantly..NEVER EVER listen to your constituents. They're just poor people who want your money." Great job, Dick. Great job. 
I am nostalgic for the days in which senators look out for the best interest of their constituents. #TrumpRussia #Trumpcare
Run Forest, run...
If you don't shut down all this crap in DC against our Preseident then you can smell grass forever come the next election
He's not running again. This will be his last term.
Yeah
Once a Deac always a Deac..
Haha, the grass is so dead in OR at the start of football season that all you can smell is sweat. By Nov, fans freeing in NW rains & wind.
