Say Obama fired Comey during the Clinton email investigation-the day after he asked for more resources-what would your opinion of Obama be?
He didn't ask for more resources. That was #fakenews DT isn't under investigation. & Russia invest hasn't been affected/is on going. So...
He asked for more resources
McCabe said today he was fully staffed! Didn't need resources. Your wrong
And me maybe being wrong on this minor point, makes Trump firing the person investigating him perfectly acceptable to you
Stop playing here. You've seen the reports. No evidence of Russians, no investigation of Trump personally. So....
And no response? Exactly, there is no response to be made.
You tried so hard to  be PC that you looked weak. U let Dems say crazy things unchallenged & divide this nation. YOU NEED TO STAND UP!!!
I grew up with a different name for "PC" it was called being polite and humble in the face of those w/ different PoV
Oh you mean like Democrats,they are always polite.Excuse me have you even seen the vile things they http://say.Open  your eyes 
I never said that. Don't let partisanship rot your brain.
Think you already did.
I've already admitted I was wrong about 3 times in this whole thread, should I point them out to you? Where did you admit you were wrong?
I suggest you represent the people who voted for you in NC Which would be me. Sick of the Trump Russia story. Get it done with.
Trump will be out of office within months, you'll get your wish. 
#Clapper #Feinstine #Comey all stated no evidence #Trump colluded with #Russia. Please tell me how hes going to be gone as you say...
You missed Clapper's comments about a hour and a half ago on live tv...keep up
then that has no bearing on my previous tweet...doesn't change it at all...also if he was so uneasy about it why'd he go?
Because POTUS asked him to go. Please watch Clappers intervew today, it will fill you in on how much Trump is lying.
But that still doesn't change my original tweet...all those ppl said that there was no evidence of Russian Collusion with Trump...
Clapper never said if there was or wasnt, which he said today..
So quiet on the collusion with evil Russians that is actually REAL...
Pick a reason. Any reason. My reason is she LET our men die in Benghazi. PUT HILLARY IN PRISON. Put Hillary in prison. PUT HILLARY IN PRISON
Richard Burr you SUCk!
You're so busy! Maybe you should get some help for the Russian investigation. I hear this guy Comey is available
@SenatorBurr stop embarrassing NC! Reps need to get some backbone. Stop letting the Dems bullying you. We didn't elect you to be a dem.
Wow, who sends the trolls out? Burr you know you need to do the right thing here. An independent investigation also takes pressure off GOP.
It's pretty incredible.I think trolls are out b/c Hannity retweeted this & said how "disappointed" he is w/Burr.The dimwits came from there
I didn't know that. Makes perfect sense now. Thanks for the info.
Your bipartisanship would be more meaningful if Sen Warner at least pretended to hide his prejudging of Trump's guilt
FYI: "Cyber" is not a noun.
POTUS-VP-all Civil Ofcs of US shall be removed from Ofc Impeach for & Convict of Treason Bribery or high Crimes & Misdemeanors.

Do SOMETHING! NOW!

How can you drag your feet? Our allies are going to cut us out of intel. Leaving USS isolated/vulnerable. ACT NOW!
That's fine Senator, however ,we the people, want answers to the Comey matter. Our democracy depends on finding the truth.
No more tax payer money on the Russian investigation!
No more tax payer money on the golf trips of Trump or his family selling america around the world!
No cries for Podesta to step down after he was caught transferring shares of Russian worth MILLIONS to his daughter's name to hide it...
Breitbart!?! Wahahahaha... alternative facts...dumb
Widely reported and verified clown...
Sure it is just like the pizza place sex ring...dope! Why don't try living in the present for a change. Newsflash-Con man Trump won election
If Obama had been a communist, we wouldn't still be the great democracy that clown con man is trying to destroy!  #CountryOverParty
Yeah, yeah everybody is a Communist except the fascist Traitor who's trying to turn this country into Russia! #CountryOverParty
The biggest threat to our security is in the WH. Do your job!! Country before party or you're complicit in the makings of a dictatorship.
The undermining of our country began with a man who's middle name is Hussein. He set the demise of USA in place.
So if his middle name had been Bob it woulda been cool.
A guy with name of "BOB" would not have done it!  LOL
Done what?
Ah come on ma'am, u know what I said, u responded to it. I converse, I don't play games with all due respect.
You are embarrassments to the great state of NC! Sorry I voted for you.
I sure hope that Senator isn't going to take political advice from the person supporting the group that called for killing cops....

I know you're a liberal....but even you know that most US Senators have had contact with Russian government officials...right? Oh You didn't
One of the McCain insiders. Trump's got your number!
true colors shining through
Did U know that erasing evidence that was under a subpoena is illegal?
You need to work on not being such a puss boy allowing Warner to spout his talking points.
I live In your district and can control a lot votes!This is time to stand up and talk straight to these.Heard you campaign big Conservative
Out President is being attacked by all Democrat politicians,all MSM& many more. He is guilty of nothing, country was saved by his election.
Senator it is beyond disappointing as a lawmaker that you do not see how HRC violated the law on her email server, the Uranium pay to play..
We need you to LEAD! This is your time to show that you mean business and you care about truth and integrity!!! Do not let Dems influence u
Let's get to truth and stop wasting taxpayers $ . Demand answers I believe is the right thing to do and all the division will stop. #MAGA !
Backbone or get the hell out @SenatorBurr ! #drainingtheswamp
Sen. Burr, you are only embarrassing yourself. I TOTALLY support President Trump.
Stop wasting taxpayer $ on this witch hunt. Rs need to band together and MAGA.
Senator, you need to stand with your fellow Republicans against the Democrats. Divided we fall! Take a cue from the Ds who stick together
You, now, are grandstanding & certainly don't represent the views of most voters of our party, @SenatorBurr. Enough! We must pull together
Speak up to protect the president!!
America over Hillary Clinton
we want hillary investigated.
you need to represent NC not the DNC
...who exactly is part of the Obama/Hillary regime. Who else benefitted from her pay4play? It will become obvious.
Why are you afraid of the Dems?  What does the swamp have on you?
I only voted for you in NC, because the Dem Candidate was worse!
@SenatorBurr needs to go...a disgrace
MAGA # who's the chairman of the committee....you or Warner ?
Start asking abt the unmasking, spying & Hillary's crimes. No one is above the law, prove that to the American people.
We want an independent investigation now, sir.
We are watching this Absurd Kabuki Theater By you never Trumpers. 2018 is coming.
How can U sleep or hold your head up knowing u r gutless? All should b treated equally, break law, pay the price. Investigate HRC & Huma!!
I will not be voting for @SenatorBurr again . You know damn well HIllary broke the law !
You really are clueless. Amazing you are in the senate

Senator it is beyond disappointing as a lawmaker that you do not see how HRC violated the law on her email server, the Uranium pay to play.. https://twitter.com/senatorburr/status/862670741921304576 …
Stop embarrassing yourself & me.  I voted for you & will be more than happy to vote against you. End this #Russia nonsense. Enough $ wasted.
I voted for you but will never again . I have a feeling , you've lost lots of votes
You're a disgrace to our party. Why don't you support the president. I'll give the left kudos they walk in lock step unlike our weak reps
Time to get off this train . . . it's going nowhere, the hypocrisy is too obvious.
You're a fool and a #Fraud. Bought and sold by the #Democrats.
you should find out if the FBI is actively trying to over throw The President..by leaks & rumor
My prepared remarks: Once again u have failed us.U r weak.U do not represent the patriotic working class American.U represent the estab.2018
As a NC resident what gets me about Burr also is he doesn't issue his statements when something applies to NC, the people he represents
#TrumpRussiaInvestigation don't listen to these maga freaks. They are a small subset of HUMANS WITH BRAINS. Trump has got to go.
Uncle Jesse would be ashamed of you too
So sad that people like you will allow Dems to handcuff you when there is genuine lawbreaking with Clinton but chase rainbows to get Trump.
SENATOR HOW can you let HILLARY CLINTON off the HOOK what are you afraid of TRUTH.
Get behind Potus.  NC voted for him and want/need his success.  NOT politics as usual. Voters want to see strong support,not the Ryan type
When you're the GOP senator thats being toasted by the liberal left who hate our cops & the US flag....well I hope U don't need my donation
Mr. Burr I love how open you are with your remarks. Complete transparency! Nice work!
This guy is pro abortion just not late term.
Senator thank you and please continue with this investigation. The nation needs patriots not party yes men!!!
Unfortunately we have backstabbing GOP! Stand by the president Burr....its because of Trump we have the house & senate.
I am a lifelong N.Carolinian currently living in GA w/ a home in NC too. I am 61y.o. & I vote. Please PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY. All I ask.
Stop chasing ghosts and throw the people in jail you actually have evidence on
Way to step up & be a patriot. History will be kind regardless of what the Putinbots & mouthbreathers scream.
You will be out of a seat in due time. Conservatives have had enough from dips like you. We'll take you out like #Boehner and the rest. 🖒
You have to go and soon..
Investigate Hillary and Podesta about US uranium.  Enough of you and Wagner trying to frame the Predident
#Hannity for New York Senate!
Russian interference is brainchild of @BarackObama so that he can monitor Trumps campaign. Period. Let's stop the nonsense.
I don't know what's wrong with @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain and you all. You behave like a minority leaders.
Senator Mark Warner is a big drama llama.  When is there going to be an investigation of the Uranium One Deal and Podesta's ties to Russia?
When is your next election. I predict you will lose. You should be recalled.
you hated trump and still do, but guess what we love our president and in America we win
Are you an Anti-Trump Fake Republican?
no evidence of any collision, no evidence that one voter was a Russian spy, we didn't trust killary, or her globalist agenda
not one dnc or clinton server was properly inspected by FBI, one party lost a election yet the nation is being torn apart
your the kind of politician we will get out of our government, we will drain the swamp, comey has major conflict of h.c issues
Thank you Senator Burr for putting country over party!
I'm sorry all the MAGA zombies are attacking you. Keep up the good work!
burr your a corrupt political hack, comey was being investigated by inspector general,  comey committed obstruction of justice.
Good work at the hearing today. Your seriousness of purpose sets a fine example.
Senator seems the bots are strong on ur page
You are all corrupt and your buddy Sessions. When did AG rescinded his recusal from Russian investigation and recommend POTUS to fire Comey?
Please do the right thing & follow through with your investigation, wherever it leads. Americans deserve the truth. Country over party.
not as funny as his brother bill
Don't listen to most of the Russian bots/trolls on this tweet , your doing a great job and keep up the good work
WTH have you been doing for the past 8 years?  US Govt acting as a State sponsor of terrorism right under your nose?  Complicit in treason?
You strike me as a little corrupt. Who are you trying to impress Dems? Plan to run for higher office?
The compromised politicians are the ones screaming the loudest. Schumer, Schiff, Swallwell, McCain, Sasse, Flake, etc. etc.
You better support our @POTUS & stop acting like a liberal! We are the GOP & WE ARE WATCHING! Start supporting Trump in PUBLIC & interviews!
Obama is a trader to the US. Valerie Jarrett is an Iranian operative.

Clinton and her pedophile husband hmmmmmmm
Grow a pair....
https://twitter.com/MissLizzyNJ/status/760553153817444352/photo/1pic.twitter.com/4hSrR9ONLG 
Do you have any intelligence or do you just chair the committeeof the lack of intelligence?
Burr has lost some support in NC for supporting Comey and not supporting Trump. At least 8 votes just in my family. Supported him in past!
The single-greatest current threat to the national security of the U.S. is the malignant dangerous moron in the presidency.
I know you have been involved with the Russians too. You are involved in oil money along with Warner making money there. Shame on you'll
Don't understand why you don't stand up to the Dems snd and support u President
COWARD
You're gutless a  Dem wannabe. And the press is still not gonna like you. Your just a tool
Why do you question everything Trump does @SenatorBurr ?There's countless prominent conservatives, Former DOJ officials Trump was 100% right
You looked so week today at the news conference with Warner you let him walk all over you. Why not just resign and let him lead the committe
BS fishing expedition. "..
no Warrants...but upon probable cause...and...describing the place to be searched, and the...things to be seized"
Time for North Carolina to vote you out
Unreal! Have you been watching the same guy over the past year the American ppl have been watching? Or are you all in bed with Clintons?
How can you be so wrong about something.  You taking money from Clinton Foundation?
Meanwhile...
Comey should have been let go if he saw nothing that Mrs. Clinton wrong or Humia.  Ru wanting to retire?  Support the President.  Be blessed
Trying growing a This is political theatre. Get behind your @POTUS you are fully aware of this false narrative #draintheswamp #MAGA
No more money to your next campaign.
Mr. Burr, you are losing credibility
Get busy working on tax reform, tax cuts...and healthcare...stop watching tax payer money and time...

Why is it that Repubs can't stand up to the Dimms...if there is any proof that Pres. Trump colluded with Russia..then tells us ..now.!
My Prepared Remarks #RINO should be Dragged From Office 
How weak and pathetic you've turned out.  Hope North Carolina voters make this your last term.
Where have you been for the past year?
Obviously you will not, cannot or can't read the constitution and the rule of law! Q: are you holding hands with HillHag?

Did HRC violate laws with her private server in a bathroom closet with top secret emails? Erasing 30,000 emails? Do u support Comey on this? https://twitter.com/senatorburr/status/862670741921304576 …
Sad day for the good people of North Carolina and knowing that you are representing them
What a tangled web you weave Burr
We are done. Stop this wasted bullshit. Americans don't care. Do your job, healthcare and taxes. BTW, what about Iran and North Korea?
Anyone who would protect a compromised FBI director who allowed HRC to walk from espionage . Makes me think u r corrupt Comey protected u 2!
Do your job & drain the swamp or I will not vote for you again...act like a conservative
Term limits, drain the swamp, get rid of dc parasites. #MAGA
We want tax reform, repeal Ocare, border wall. Trump's agenda. Stop wasting time & tax$ on this Russian nonsense. You work for us, remember
If it wasn't for Rhinos like you the left wouldn't have a platform to keep the Russia narrative going!!
What skeletons are in your closet senator? As an American citizen I support POTUS 1000% He knows how to fight you apparently NOT
You need to register to the dem party next time
Do you need an attaboy from #fakenews? Will this make them love you more?
#Burr, ready for a #primarychallenge. Whoever is advising you has no clue about #NC. We are not happy with you, sir.
No we are not and I did not vote for him. He's about as dirty as they come.
Can't we still recall?  He's not representing our interests at all. Investigate all Comey, Lynch, Clinton, etc al & Russian ties by Dems
I wish.
I need to look it up. Of course, we didn't have a good one to choose from.
Congress needs #TermLimits now n boot our corruption #drainingtheswamp
Get out of my state

Comey deserved being fired, covering 4 HRC, BHO & Lynch. Mr. Burr, U will not get my vote 2018.  AND WHEN U LEAVE RALEIGH, TAKE COOPER W/ U.
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity another clueless person in office let's vote you out of office or put in place term limits
Disgraceful
10 months all paid for by the American people. Enough wasting our money on things that doesn't make our lives better.  #DoYourJob
Just another leftist on the payroll...
In the old days we called men who wouldn't fight and defend themselves sissies and cowards. Now I guess we call them GOP politicians.
I agree and I held my nose and voted for him.
Grow a Dadgum backbone and support your President if God sake!  It is appalling to American citizens how easy you Rep. Turn against ur own!
RINO comes to mind
Just how useless are you?
Not a good look stabbing the president in the back
The biggest threat to our country is, right now, sitting on his fat ass in the WH eating KFC and watching FOX news.
Term limits are a good idea regardless.
Senator why aren't you part of the solution?  No collusion Feinstein said yesterday. Game over & get to work to #MAGA 
I am tired of Washington BS The DEMs are leaking classified info to do in Trump and your mum you are the swamp  go away
A NC residents, my family and I will not be supporting you any longer. You're a little too left of center.
I know your friends with the other guy, but get the skid marks off your back! Republicans never fight back. You guys have the house & Senate
Grow some balls
Why r all of u so WEAK?  The dems laugh at all of u.  Where is your self respect?  And u all let your constituents down. That's #1
