Please ask fmr Dir. Comey if the DNC's machines were wiped and rebuilt before they accepted the private firm report: http://www.atlanticcouncil.org/blogs/new-atlanticist/russian-cyber-attacks-in-the-united-states-will-intensify …
Also, please ask fmr Dir. Comey if he knew the same firm was discredited shortly after the DNI report:
Fmr Dir. Comey seems to think it's acceptable to let suspects and victims do their own investigations. It's not.
And what makes you think you can trust anything he says!
Whatever. I'm sure you're working overtime finding ways to whitewash Trump misdeeds. Give some reason we'd expect truth from GOP-led probe.
You need this in your timeline. The DNC had a security evaluation in September 2015. It was NOT with CrowdStrike. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-07-27/democrats-said-to-ignore-cybersecurity-red-flags-before-theft …
ASAP buddy. The GOP is looking more and more guilty along with trump and co. 2018 is looking good for Dems and independents.
They couldn't even win a rugged election.
CrowdStrike also investigated DNC server about Bernie for 5 WEEKS--ending just DAYS before DNC called about hacking. https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/39728 …
How r Pakistani IT #AwanBrother able2 FIRE Congressional staffers
Y is Imran Awan still work'g4 Debbie Wasserman Schultz
@RepStevenSmith
@RepStevenSmith Ask Comey abt this
House IT Aides Fear #AwanBrothers spies r Blackmailing Members w/Their Own Data
How r Pakistani IT #AwanBrother able2 FIRE Congressional staffers
Y is Imran Awan still work'g4 Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Witch hunt,,how come you haven't subpoena rice ,,farkas ,first strike ? Witch hunt .
#HowdyDoodyPervert
in reference to Michel Flynn pleading the 5th amendment the penalty is jail, do you job!
Comey should testify when I am NOT overseas. I will be overseas from June 5/20th.
It is too much the report of subterfuge on Trump org. parts as is Jared Kushner story looking for profits & Power. We are aghast.
How can you believe anything this man says mow? He just got fired. He did not do his job correctly and needed to go. #GodblessAmerica
#COMEY has carefully documented a nest
Now holds cards close 2 vest
Patient play will win the day
Just consider it: historical foreplay
Hey Burr . Why don't u look into the real crime with the Dems. Us Trump loyalists will vote all of you out in 2018 up for reelection
Stop wasting time and money on this stuff. Go after real criminals that have a long track record
5 IT Staffers Report Awan Server+"thin clients"-BlackBerry Sync Again? 
HRC Hackers #AwanBrothers @RepStevenSmith
https://youtu.be/__LFtcyk1Mg …
Let's get this done efficiently so we can get real issues investigated:  Lerner, Fast N Furious, Obama wiretap of @POTUS, right?
hey spank ! DO YOUR JOB , or get another #pathetic
Why not ask Comey about #sethrich
The citizens of North Carolina fully support President Trump. We want all our representatives to do everything in their power to support him
@SenatorBurr Why is Comey testifying in public? The last time he could not answer the a lot of the questions because the hearing was public.
Please do it behind doors.  Get tired of the same cant answer because it is classified.  He loves the limelight and you should not give it.
#SethRichCoverUp
We know that in Burr's mind, the enemy is Comey, not Russia. Sad!
Time to put out this Trumpster fire...do your job Burr!!
is TRUE, that would mean there is NO RUSSIA to investigate! ALL a LIE started from the LEFT. This would be biggest scandal in history.
Take a quick look at @KimDotcom  page. @seanhannity working with him to get this evidence released. You have to consider this. If this ....
it's a FACT that John Podesta gave out his Password online through a phishing email. Anyone could hack once you have that. NOT RUSSIA!
Julian Assange has said from last year that Russia had nothing to do with it.  I never believe Russia did it. Wasn't hard to hack since ....
Sen. I just forwarded you some information on this http://KimDot.com   He says #SethRich and him were the Hackers/Leakers of DNC emails
Senator Burr you are not fooling anyone. You know Comey will lie like hell. We will not stand down. You McCain and Graham will pay a price
Why do we have to wait so long? Sounds like you're obstructing?
NOT INTERESTED ANYMORE! HE JUST WANTS CAMERA TIME!'nn
U gonna ask why Comey said this COMEY: Not in my experience. Because it would be a big deal to tell the FBI to stop doing something. RHINO
Sen. Burr, Hillary Clinton's misdeeds were also broadly reported & confirmed by non-other than James Comey, where's the special prosecutor?
NOW!!! Do your job! You represent the people not the GOP Greedy Old Perverts party. I hope you walk into a swarm of bees today
Tranny "Saddle" Burr, I hope to see YOU saying "Nothing to see here but Nunes' cavernous asshole" in front of Merrick Garland's VA appeals.
Thanks Senator Burr.
Should Comey be called to testify sooner?
Why are we waiting a month before this happens?
You guys should not forget about that Slug @jeffsessions his lies during the confirmation needs to be formally addressed #LOCK JEFF UP!!!!!
Thank you Senator Burr
I'm glad. Please do what's right for the country. Don't bury Trump/Russian issue just bcuz he ran as a Repulican. Restore  citizens' faith.
I voted for myself no Russian conclusion here.  Glad loser comey is gone.  He made 2 set laws 1 for Clinton's & 1 for rest American ppl
You are a rhino &part of establishment.  Will be glad when you finally leave. You don't represent me & my family. STOP PLAYING POLITICS
I bet anything this rhino won't pressure Comey at all on any answers or on why May 3rd Comey and Mcabe said no interference no change.
I hope the #Republicans grow a pair of BALLS and ask #Comey real questions under oath!
This is a national emergency.  Why not this Monday?
Good, we all want to hear the truth to the situation since the administration only lies about everything.
We need him to testify asap!
IN THREE WEEKS???? What is WRONG with you??????
Stand up for us and our President, Sir!  Mecklenberg county for Trump in 2020!
So all President Trump needs to say is No this investigation  is partisan politics  and  it's all over ? Cool !
You are looking guilty. I read u agreed to obstruct investigation for Trump. Bet he has it on tape. He learned how to kompromat u from Putin
What is more important than Comey's testimony? Why isn't it scheduled sooner? It appears you are one of the criminal republicans, doesn't it
Why are you waiting for such a long time? Why can't he speak immediately? Obstruct much? Do your job. #resist #Trumprussia
I WANT TO HEAR QUESTIONS ON HILLARY AND LYNCH and why COMEY did not prosecute them.  LIBERAL are SABATOGING and MUELLER is his friend 
why are you waiting so long? Damage by #fakenews media is taking place and your allowing it even longer!!
here is no reason to continue invest while special pros is doing one. Comey only will testify this committee. He knows there anti trump
No need to clarify.  Trump has basically admitted he committed obstruction of justice.   Impeach
I thought you were recusing.
STOP OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE! Let Comey testify now!
You fools. If Comey says he thought it was Obstruction. Than he broke the law. He is required by law to report any Obstruction immediately.
yes turn it those who stand against Trump. Don't look at Trumps crimes at all you fool!
I'm sick of you leftist puppets buying into everything the fake media says. They are framing a good man idiot. Russia is a lie.
Please make sure President Trump is not passing out secrets to the Russians.
So he's gonna kiss the committee's ass AND HIS!  And pretty much say nothing!
Without being pressed by any of them They are anti trump. Why will COmey only testify in front of this committee? it's because it a set up
Agreed. Comey is now a disgruntled employee. U dont get to come back and claim workmans comp after being fired and never reported it before!
Well do your job for a change senator, stop stalling & get him there immediately. You & your GOP cohorts are devastating to our country .
They are not GOP they are more DEMS they go against the will of Trump voters they are on your side stab Trump in the back chance they get
You can swear Comey in... he's LIED before under Oath! I am really tired of the GOP in DC letting the  GUILTY GO! Hillary, Lynch, Comey, Oba
I don't trust Comey, I never have. What he did last year colluding with Obama, Lynch, Clinton to keep her out of Prison; Unacceptable!

@TGowdySC @ConawayTX11 @jasoninthehouse @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept @FBI  #SethRich murdered for leaking; hacking. DNC DEMS!
@TGowdySC @ConawayTX11 @jasoninthehouse @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept @FBI  Believed from start there is NO Russia!  #SethRich
@TGowdySC @ConawayTX11 @jasoninthehouse @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept @FBI  Much Bigger than Russia!

http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/05/breaking-hacker-kim-dotcom-evidence-sethrich-wikileaks-source/ …
Bot
Can we send you questions? Thank you for passing for his testimony,  I am deeply appreciative!
Do you job Senator don't be an establishment hack..
@realDonaldTrump has committed NO crime. Republicans better stand with the President the people elected. All rumor, innuendo and hysteria
25th Amendment Article 4 please. Pretty plz w/sugar on top.
Excellent, so far he's the only one I trust in this whole insanity
Please remember that the questions you choose reveal your true motives. Whether your purpose is to get to the truth or to deflect from it.
Why weren't you concerned about #POTUS obstructing justice, abusing power, traitor to democracy...oh wait, that was you and rest of #GOP too
Senator Burr - will Comey be testifying under oath? Also, will there be a closed door hearing so he can't keep saying it's classified?
Who's side are you on sir???
WE, THE MAJORITY, DEMAND HIS TESTIMONY NOW! WE HAVE WAITED LONG ENOUGH
He has no credibility, I'll bet the whole thing feels more like a trial then it does an investigation. more of the Comey EGO Coasterride
Let's just wait til Trump's term is up!! Jesus why so long!?!?
Are you going to get to the bottom of Trump's behavior or deflect to "leaks"?
I smell one HELL of a cover up.
This President is out of control.
It's so bad... I miss President Bush! 
smh 
@JoeNBC @Lawrence @CNN @MSNBC
Comey has a HELL of a story to tell.
It got him fired.
After years at the @FBI 
Comey was fired for doing his job.
Humiliated.
@maddow @GOP
Please act accordingly!
Why do we have to wait 3 weeks?
I already made my popcorn
What do you think it means that Trump told Lavrov and Kislyak he fired Comey to relieve the pressure?
Your constituency appreciates your efforts to clear this matter up.
Will Comey be allowed to play a pump-up song like in the @WWE ?
How can a potential witness or criminal testify in front of a congress who could file charges against him
Because it's a set up. Comey will only testify with them. Plus they hate@realDonaldTrump. With special pros it unheard of to continue these.
Can you give us one reason why this is not happening next week, other than you're putting party first?
you need a spine to do the right thing.
Make sure Comey turns over his memos on Hillary, Obama, Lynch, and Holder for the past 4 years.
What date and time. Memorial day is im9 days. On the day after Memorial day is Comey testifying.? Quit dragging this out. Trump has nukes.
Even if he did say anything to Comey It is not Obstruction. He's his boss fruit case. Even the top lawyer in the country says it isn't.
Trump said he fired Comey to curtail the Russia investigation. Or didn't FOX news tell you that? Catch up.
The NYT tell you that? You  know their deep state sources. The ones who will say anything to get Trump. They follow like you puppet.
Please let's keep on topic.  This is not about HRC or Obama.  This is about obstructing justice - repeatedly.
WRONG! This all has to do with Obama, Clinton, Comey, Lynch, Rice, Rhodes, etc.. They started all this LIE about Russia!
I hope Comey Testify before the Judicial Committee hold a JOINT Committee Hearing with ALL House/Senate/Judicial Committee Intel....
Sure want to do that burr might get called out..
Why do we have to wait so long?  It should be done immediately.
Will you be the diver in his helmet next to the remains of USS Trump at the bottom of the sea shouting "Abandon ship!"? Will you?
in 3 more weeks? there will be another 100 shoes drop by then. Call him now and end this scourge on democracy.
Great 
I hope the GOP is ready to end this if his testimony is consistent with what has been reported.
Yeah, that's probably fair.
Good for you sir
Can't wait

