What a collosal waste of time. Make no mistake, @SenatorBurr is a #TrumpRepublican through and through. This is his legacy.
I wish you and Tillis had been as strong as McCain, Collins and Murkawski. Y'all need to learn the art of compromise.  McCain said it best!!
"All senators will have their say" as long as they say it telepathically
disappointed you were willing to take away my healthcare, offering nothing affordable or sustainable in its place.
I'm sorry you didnt vote for your constituents like McCain, Collins and Murkieski,   Party over constituents is bad for reelection.
Dissapointed in ur vote. Will not be forgotten. Mv now to reg. order. Don't make people suffer -ACA 'implosion'- to achieve pol. leverage.
Do no harm! Hurting the wallets of people is the fastest way to not getting re-elected. #voteno #HealthcareBill
Disappointed but not in the least surprised with your vote to move forward in denying millions of Americans proper healthcare
We want bipartisan solutions!  End partisan destructive practices!  Engage the democrats and fix the ACA!  Country over party, Senator! 
If it's broken, FIX IT! If it breaks from now on, it's trump's & UR fault 4 not appropriating enuf $ 2 it & 4 NOT FIXING it
What you're doing isn't fixing it.  It's making things worse Stop lying #KillTrumpcare
Reps get your act together and WORK for the good of those crushed by high healthcare premiums! Sacrificing 401K contribs to pay 2000.00/mo!
And then what happened?
Start working with democrats to create bipartisan legislation that will truly make the ACA better for ALL.
Stop this obsession with destroying everything Obama did, just so the GOP can "win."
I am glad that 3 of your colleagues has some common sense. My business relies on the ACA for healthcare. U would have put us out of business
I am disappointed in the non-bipartisan approach to throw the baby out with the bath water here. Shameful mischaracterization of state of HC
Keep pushing for Onamacare overhaul. Repeal and replace.
Please help us provide easier access to more effective and more affordable mental health and substance use disorder treatment.
#voteno2theskinnybill
No version of repeal is acceptable, @JeffFlake. This #TrojanHorse bill is no exception. VOTE "NO" ON #OBAMACARE REPEAL.
Very disturbing that you voted to strip health insurance from millions of Americans with no replacement whatsoever.
Oh my god, you aren't listening to anyone. Stubborn, greedy people.
Watch this. He's an idiot
This wouldn't be a bad statement if you left our the "Repealing Obamacare part. Do the right thing and work to fix it. Anything else is bad.
If you remove mandate that all be insured then remove the mandate that all pts presenting to the ER be treated regardless of ability to pay
I would ask "have you no shame, sir?" But we already know the answer, don't we?
Senator Burr has proven to be country over party in the Trump-Russia investigation. There's a chance he's open to reason on healthcare.
He's a smug ass. Watch this - he gets smoked
Shame on all of you who promised to repeal and broke your promise.
U voted against millions of Americans #healthcare. NC will vote U out.  NC needs a Senator that stand 4 the people not their party.fix #ACA
You are helping take healthcare away from the most vulnerable in North Carolina. You and your GOP are terrible people.
She  takes smug burr down!
@SenThomTillis and @Richard Burr No town meetings because neither of you are listening to your constituents! Do NO harm!Fix ACA! NO repeal!
Not failing as it is being sabotaged -- fix it and do NO harm!!!!
This is your state. Poor, uneducated. No insurance. That's here in Greensboro #nc #republicancontroled
Bcareful. Study that bill. Hurting the wallets of people is the fastest way to not getting re-elected. #voteno #HealthcareBill
Vote  no on any plan to repeal until Medicaid is protected and everybody has affordable access to healthcare.
Funny how RUSSIA is never going to happen. You sir are a traitor to Americans. You should resign
Fixing begins with a good plan which includes improvements. It never begins with a repeal which leaves us worse off.
Support @RandPaul's common sense solutions.
#AllTalkNoAction
U voted against ur constituents, and don't have the courage to face us after doing so. You didn't even vote for a plan anyone has seen!
enjoy your last term in office!
.@SenatorBurr #FullRepeal of #Obamacare  - 2000 pages of #Obamacare is full of PROBLEMS. We want Government Out of Health Insurance.
I was extremely disappointed in your votes to repeal the ACA. I hoped that without reelection hanging over you, you'd do the right thing.
I have affordable health insurance thanks to ACA.  It is not failing.  You are LYING.
What healthcare legislation?  What is in the bill?  After 6 years, why don't you share specifics of the GOP healthcare bill?
I'm 45 years old, am self-employed, and have a pre-existing condition. What's your plan for someone like me?
You are not fixing anything! You are trying to make the rich richer. I will remember next time you are up for re-election. I live in NC.
Heard that those calling Burr's office were treated rudely, and were told that they did not care what we thought. Vote him out next time.
Sounds like maybe you can get repeal done.  Do not allow the DEMS to stall the process.
And yet BCBSNC doles out millions in ceo and vps bonuses while doubling premiums
U cannot fix healthcare by capping Medicaid or by cutting tax on wealthy.  Make Health ins. Cap premiums & reduce CEO bonuses
Please don't. Don't vote for something like this that hasn't had rigorous investigation and analysis.
Your moral fiber needs a good shot of metamucil. We know this is not about "fulfilling our promise"; it's all about politics. FIX the ACA.
The people have had their say and you are ignoring them! YOU WORK FOR US! Please stop blowing smoke up our asses!
You should be ashamed of your vote to proceed debating a bill that will strip health care from so many, no matter which iteration.

Very disappointing. Shows you put tribal politics above the welfare of N.C. citizens. Bi-Partisan is only way to fix 1/6 of the economy
@SenatorBurr, u r there to support ur constituents, not to cut $ and hurt people. Do the right thing, work with Dems & GOP, protect ur peeps
Losers
Reverse Robin Hood! Shame on you and your party!
As a North Carolinian, I'm incredibly disappointed by your vote on this and your lack of true leadership on health care options for NC
Senator sold your vote to insurance industry for $450,000, at least you aren't a Cheap #PoliticalHack. Wish ppl of NC could match, but cant
Vote no on repeal and replace or repeal, as your constituent with a pre-existing condition I implore you. People over party.
Hope you are ready to go home!
Where is the health care lobby sending you on vacation for you vote against the American people
Discuss & debate, but don't vote to repeal today.

Tillis says he'll vote 4 "moving the ball along" on healthcare in any way. Asked when he'll know it's gone as far as it can: "My reelection"
Looking forward to seeing what solutions you have to improve on Obamacare.
No one disagrees #ACA can be improved. Improve it. U don't make a system better by withholding it from ppl who will die w/o it. #SinglePayer


You are sheer evil.
Very disappointed....you are not doing anything to help your constituents.
Vote on what it's all theater, some of the bills/ amendments have no chance. Return to regular order.
You should be ashamed of yourself, Senator. We will remember this.


@GOP :Keep your promise to the American people: repeal and replace Obamacare.
I'm 61, self-employed, and have a pre-existing condition. What's your plan for people like me?
Pleas think about ALL the people in our state not just special interest. We need healthcare more than the  rich need tax cuts.
your net worth has increased 500% in the last 10 years&you want to take healthcare away from the poorest in NC. Are you really that immoral?
You need to stop playing partisan politics and start working for the people.
YOU ARE LYING! CONSTITUENTS OVERWHELMINGLY AGAINST THIS! YOU ARE FOR WEALTHY TAX CUTS, DONORS. BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS, YOU KNOW THIS!
You better be very careful as we are closely watching and taking notes on the proposed health care bills that you vote in favor of.

@GOP - Why do you need medical assistance?! Work harder!!
America- We are! Childcare 75% of min wage!
@GOP - We should lower minimum wage!
How could you be so cruel hearted?  Insurance company investments and voting for policy to make yourself rich. Deplorable
You DO NOT CARE about your constituents. Shameful!
ACA isn't failing us the GOP is. You can't start over and do it any better. Bi-partisan, thoughtful adjustment is the answer. Charlotte NC
Burr got paid-He will be in the heath care money next go  COWARD
We want the ACA! You aren't listening! Implement the ACA as it was intended, expand Medicaid for NC #MedicaidMatters #NoRepeal
Staffer who monitors this page: Have you read the comments? Is the Senator aware of the count?
You aren't fixing ANYTHING....you're doing serious harm to the people who elected you, and to the nation, and you know it.
Work with the Democrats to FIX THE A.C.A.!!! What is wrong with you people?!
You need to get out of office
You are not listening to your constituents!!!!
U & @ThomTillis r huge piles of . U don't listen 2 constituents. Instead vote like the self serving, vile, sad excuse for humans that u r.
While your at it investigate the leaks, IT scam w Wasserman, comey, Lynch. stop bowing to warner and take the lead
How are you going to fix it exactly? I need to know. You probably should know too before you vote.
Happy to know you are still selling out the people of our state to follow the traitorous @realDonaldTrump. You should be ashamed!
Such a insincere statement. You've had ample opportunity to fix ACA. More #gop lies
Can you please add a single payer amendment? KThnxBye
What exactly is your vision for "fixing" the nation's healthcare infrastructure?
You're just insuring the end of your career as a senator for NC.
At some point do you intend to listen to your constituents? Just curious.
He listens to the NRA and other deep pocket special interest groups.
And here I was thinking you were a real American during the SIC hearings, now I know it's all a show and you'd rather see most of us die.
contrary to popular belief, most people who can't afford health insurance are not lazy or morally bankrupt. Remember that.
How's that working out for you?
I know that the ACA isn't perfect, but it's better than letting millions more Americans die because they are poor
PLEASE forget party lines and wanting to "win". Lives - beautiful, creative, productive lives - are at stake.
but what are you voting for? Do you know what's in the bill? Why doesn't the public know?
You are a pathetic dishonorable man and I'm ashamed to have you represent me.
We gave U all 3 branches 2 REPEAL Ocare & NOT REPLACE IT. GET GOVT OUT OF HC & give HC industry opp 2 fix HC NO MORE BAILOUTS 4 INS INDUSTRY

SHAME ON YOU
Tarheels need a bipartisan solution.  Please step up and support a bipartisan solution. #ProtectOurCare
Shame. You are shameful. You hurt the fine people of NC. Shame.
Thanks for killing my niece and her son who suffer from Crohn's disease. My 13 y/o nephew has almost died twice from the disease.
My like is obviously just an agreement on calling him out!
Many thanks.  My nephew and niece are both precious to me. They've both had a very difficult time with the disease.
Thoughts and prayers. Never stop fighting 
A suggested health care litmus test: insure more, lower premiums, lower medical costs?
You may notice, tax cuts are not part of the equation.
Remember that pre-existing conditions are not statistics, they are actual people.
Unfortunate result, the GOP should've supported #44
You just took medical care from people. You are a terrible human
#FullRepeal #Obamacare Any replacement of Obamacare involves Govt & we want Govt OUT of R #healthcare NO bailouts, Medicaid expansion, etc
Don't forget...healthcare is a RIGHT, not a *choice*.... U think jesus would be voting for Trumpcare?  No way man..
Good job pushing the GOP over a cliff next year. Can't wait
REPAIR NOT REPEAL!  REPAIR NOT REPEAL! REPAIR NOT REPEAL! REPAIR NOT REPEAL! REPAIR NOT REPEAL! REPAIR NOT REPEAL! REPAIR NOT REPEAL!
WWJD? Not this! Your obligation is to protect the welfare of the people of NC.
Unfortunately, the Senate has reached Vote-a-rama. Nothing good concerning healthcare is going to come out of this mess.
You should be ashamed
Can't wait to send money to whoever opposes you in the next election.
This is a tax relief bill for the rich.  It does nothing to improve #healthcare .
Woe unto you who legislates evil,who makes laws that make victims. Laws that make misery for the poor & rob my destitute people of dignity.
Here its healthcare, on FB its insurance. Always the @GOP's problem that you don't know the difference, don't care unless its for profit.
Disgusting monsters both you and @SenThomTillis
Looking forward to voting you out soon You are truly killing our posterity
Listen to all of your constituents not just the billionaires
please pledge to put yourself and your @SenateGOP colleagues on whatever "solution" you pass.
Disagree
I hope you're reading the responses ...just fix ACA problems...DON'T REPEAL! How about showing you have a backbone and decency for a change?
You're as awful and meaningless a person than Aaron Burr was...pitifully pathetic
Lots of talk about Medicaid. Truth about .@NC_Governor has said & done w/Medicaid. We the Ppl need 2 partisan talk. https://twitter.com/american_lens/status/889981002386472962 …
Truth be told, Rep/Dem, Congress ppl only care about self. We need to come together, research 4 self, & then hold ALL Congress accountable!
To all Congress: this is what we do NOT want in healthcare. This shouldn't be decision of govn't but of parents!
None of you is committed to fixing--only repealing and conceding to wealthy and insurance cos.
What's one thing you're fixing? We're not stupid (at least some of us aren't).
If u truly want to do what's best for ALL Americans, call for ALL CONGRESS to have same coverage as what you pass for others. 1/2
Until Congress agrees to that u have NO credibility nor trust of We the People! We the People will evaluate ur job performance w/vote. 2/2
No on Trumpcare, no ACA repeal.
Oh yes... I'm sure you're going to listen across the aisle, or even to your GOP women.

What about the 550,000 in NC who purchase through the exchange & the 200,000 who could be covered through Medicaid? You do NOT represent us!
please get it passed sir
Oh, come on. Many lives were saved thanks to ACA (there's documented proof online). Why risk them again for an already lost cause?
Look, not all members of the GOP are evil, yet it will go that path as long as Trump holds a tight grip on you & all your colleagues.
In the name of health, peace, & sanity, please change your mind during the next step. History will forgive you if you do so.
Somehow uR oblivious to the majority of ur CONSTITUENTS.... What's it like having guaranteed decent health insurance? MILLIONS want 2 know!
You're A-OK with 20M+ losing insurance at the whim of old rich men like you. Where is your conscience? How can you justify yourself? #BCRA
NC needs Medicaid expansion, empathy & compassion 4 ea. other. Integrity takes courage. Protect Medicaid, vote 4 us. AVL Voter.
What a load of crap! The "American people" want affordable health ins for all, medicaid for those in need, and NO tax breaks for the wealthy
#repealGOP 2018/2020 Repeal Burr! fix #ACA
We will vote u out!  Just like u will be voting against NC citizens healthcare. #save#ACA
who do you think you're kidding.  insurance companies will tell you republicans what to do
FREE MARKET INDIVIDUAL RESPONSIBILITY NOT REDISTRIBUTION OF WEALTH.
Let's not start from scratch and keep building on what is already there. We have no time to waste, let's fix ACA. Put egos aside
Shame on you sir. You work for North Carolina not POTUS.
Glad you are not running again but still I hope to make every repug pay for their greed.
Good work on #sanctions and limiting #PresidentTrump !
Can't wait to vote you out.
You are not fixing; only watering down the benefits #startover #norepeal
Protect your constituents. No pre-existing conditions, No reduction in Medicaid. I have a rare disease, this would kill me. #healthcare
tearing it all apart. Having a clear plan is better than just destroying to destroy. Please think this through and please listen
I'm disappointed because the letters we've exchanged have clearly said you wanted to protect all Americans and do what was right before
You listened to no one on this. Your own constituents didn't want this. This is #TrumpDontCare at its finest. Lost my vote for reelection.
Are you freaking deaf??!!!
Vote NO, listen to your constituents and vote country over party!!!
Will you protect those with pre-existing conditions? Please do what is right by all & not a rush to repeal just to repeal. Create a plan 1st
See you at the ballot box, you care less about your constituents than your party!
Your party can never again lay any claim to any buzz words of morality. No Moral Majority, No Family Values.  You forfeit along w/ yr soul
U have no idea the consequences of our family sons and grandchildren for death and bankruptcy. Want to discuss let me know. We met at pn can
All Senators on both sides of the aisle??
Have the right say. Do not vote to repeal. Millions need it. Do not play politics. My wife pancreatic 5 yr survivor. Preexisting will bnkrp
