NO - GOP does not care about citizens' health, only insurers' $$$
We are the only non-Third World country without national health insurance.
Wrong, we need a consistent plan because Americans often move from state to state. Let's become a civilized country!
 Senator ..... PLEASE don't let Comey get away with all he's done!

Must be held accountable!  #LockHimUp   
You're betraying rural counties and people with pre-existing conditions.
Idjit liking folks in some states dying because local politicians cannot fathom health care being a GOOD thing.
I support basic standards across state lines though!
Failure to repeal Obamacare will have me looking at challengers in the Repub primaries, time to support Trump's agenda!! or go!
These would include the same states that refused to expand Medicaid and generally couldn't care less about promoting universal healthcare?
We don't hv 50 fiefdoms. We r one nation indivisible under God. States' rights led 2 civil war. Voters pay pols 2 do the heavy lifting.
Did any ordinary citizens testify bef the cmte? NC pays doctors based on zip code. Wrong zip code means poor folks get screwed.
Too bad you never listen to we the people. Enjoy your time in Washington. #ImpeachTrump
I hope your right he gets voted out with tillis. Dont hold breath
What experts?
Sounds like doublespeak....
Senator, if you disrupt the Trump/Russia investigation you will certainly be voted out of office. Disgracefully!
What do establishment globalist GOP congressman fear?  A peasant who can read the constitution and understand it, cuz they can't
State control has not worked in your state. Why are you pushing for it?  Why do you not want people to have decent healthcare?  Tax cuts?
Would like to see #ObamaCare Repealed because of All the Taxes attached that have Nothing to do with Healthcare.
You realize you are from North Carolina, right?  Give control to those nut Jobs?!?  They're still cutting mental health funding
Richard Burr put Party over Country in the Russian election conflict .
So when has our Federal government ever made the right decision. Think they're going to do it now in the swamp?
You live in a bubble. Try getting your own healthcare - like millions have to do. Let's see you do it on a budget.
So now we will have 50 different ways to save money by restricting healthcare instead of one. Great leadership.
your yes vote on the previous horrible wealthcare bill tells all of us where you stand

For those elected officials in N. Carolina: I walked the streets to get Trump elected, don't get it twisted, most won on Trump's shirt-tails
Different experts say different things. This analysis is subjective. Think again. This is a national problem to be handled by the nation.
Repeal O Care catastrophe
This is the same state that lost $Ms trying to control which bathroom to use. You think they can manage healthcare? You stink of Trump!
By healthcare market, do you mean the market for health care, or the market for health insurance?
Jesus Christ @SenatorBurr. You represent NC, a state that decided children, elderly & disabled should stop being a drain on the system.
Like bcbs leaving providers please just do your job 8 years of do nothing is getting old.
What does BCBS say will bring down premium cost?  Nothing.  It's not going to come down. Doesn't matter if it's STATE or FEDERAL.
Who's experts?
Qualified people need to oversee healthcare! Not politicians who are clueless!
Basically cutting healthcare of North Carolinians so the @GOP has enough $$$ for their tax cuts to corporations and the top earners.
Unless re-insurance is reauthorized, you are euthanizing ACA. That's what GOP wants. It is not States, Our NC DOI has NO control over BCBS.
The more you cut programs the it will cost in the long run in major disasters, disease, and chaos across the country.
But what about states that neglect that responsibility or allow insurers to offer crap plans or price out those with preexisting conditions?
Doesn't make a difference who controls it if you don't address COSTS, like skyrocketing #drugprices !
NC only had 1 provider for Obamacare.
HAHAHAHA - Like when NC set up their own exchange to keep costs down??.... Oh wait... That didn't happen bc the GOP wanted to sabotage it
Mr. Creedler will NOT have control re protecting consumers' HC if Congress won't pay for CSRs & keeps this sabotage up, Sen. Burr. Keep up!
What we need are Senators and Representatives not beholden to Insurance Co. from campaign contributions. That's only a start.
There needs to be regulations placed on insurance companies about how much they can charge and how much they pay doctors.
That's precisely what ACA tried to do. The states (more often Red) fell down on this.
Why should the quality & cost of healthcare that I get in NC be different from the care I get in Iowa?
It is very important to design& sell the plan to consumers before trying to manage the tax,  Medicaid issues.  A better admin exists easily
take a look in the@mirror budy....you suck
were democrats invited to this meeting or is this another bulldozing job via gop?
No, Senator. We, as a country, need and deserve the same level of federally-funded health care Congress and your staff are assured.
And who are these "experts"? Doubt if there were any experts there to refute your Republican Bull Shit.
Also, we don't want to lose our valuable ACA ins policies for cheap junk policies.
"...tweeted the idiot Senator from North Carolina".

Might want to think about working on your resume.

Duh
That's great, where is it in your bill, Senator?
BCBS is already run by state mkt. I pay $726/mo and they still stopped covering my drs & hospital here in WNC. Profit & greed not good model
We want you to know that we realize that deferring to state control is a means of reducing federal $$ for health insurance
When are you going to call trump to testify about Russia? GOP were relentless  with Pres. Clinton.  Double standard? Or are you compromised?
I'm going with compromised.
No, we NEED #MedicareForAll #HealthcareIsARight that all US citizens should have #MedicareForAll is ethically & financially the best option
Maybe like gas or other things publish prices for competition?????
Sounds like typical GOP, not recognizing that we need to be able to move to any state and have quality HC. YOUR state wouldn't.
Senator Burr, Do You Have Stock in a Health Care Company? Many Republicans Have A Financial Interest in Destroying the ACA!
great pass HC bill enough already
I LOVE Medicare. Why can't we have that for everyone?
When are you going to get Comey up there to testify why he rigged the Clinton investigation? GOP has become worthless
What? Is that your main concern? Seriously?
Single Payer or stop talking.
You would lose the greatest healthcare in the world with Single payer. Can you see a Doctor working for 75k a year ! not going to happen
I don't trust the republican leadership of the state of NC to make wise decisions on my behalf. They've proven themselves to be ineffective
Amen!
You recognize our state is one of the most unhealthy ones and we would see an increase in prices overall?
