I know ur pissed. GOP is involved in Russia scandal heavily, u included
Comey is not credible! He's a fired disgruntled ex-employee who now gets the opportunity to try & screw over his former boss! Witch hunt!
LET THE SENATOR ASK QUESTION AND MAKE PPL ANSWER,  YOU CROOKED SOB!  HOPE YOU ARE FIRED
You owe #kamilaharris an apology. You're behavior today was disrespectful rude. She was doing her job & standing her ground to her an answer
You allowed the men to answer and speak as they pleaded but didn't extend ms Harris the same courtesy.
It couldn't be more clear by the refusal to answer questions that #trump is being protected & you shut up the 1 person asking real questions
U are nothing but a tool 4 Trump-what is it that u don't understand about him & his blatant actions? If ur on the Trump train, ur complicit!
You see no wrongdoing in a president suggesting FBI Director drop criminal probe of a close associate? SHAME ON YOU #BURR.
#ShameOnYou #YouAreGoingDown #Embarrassment #Disgrace
Thank you! Great conclusion; it summed up the whole hearing: an episode of Seinfeld.
Richard Burr continues to protect the interest of Putin and the Russian state.
Very troubling. Burr says he sees no Trump "wrongdoing" in Comey statement. 
https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/06/comey-statement-trump-defenders-absurd-spin/ … 
You're a LIAR all y'all so called lying Christians party b4 everything
.@SenatorBurr It's an insult to me as a voter to hear you say #Comey's statement shows no wrongdoing by Trump, the day before he testifies.
He's on the trump team! What do you expect?
Senator Burr, I hear you're tangled in the Russian money web. Please do not disappoint us by allowing a few dollars to effect your judgement
Myself, I choose to believe you're an honorable man in a dishonorable time. Please continue to exercise good judgement. Godspeed, good luck.
Can't believe you said that asking Comey to let the Flynn thing go isn't flat out wrong. Doesn't reflect well on your credibility.
Or your chances for re-election.
He's not running again, so he has no reason to listen to his constituents. He also has no credibility with us. Can't wait till he's gone.
Best Ever indication of transparency, honorable conduct of investigation!
Was Sen. McCain drunk in his questioning
Pipe down.
What about Comey And Obama talks about Clintons emails and pay to play conspiracy getting foreign nationals to donate to foundation
Written account of events dictate insubordination on Comey & McCabe. Obstruction of justice claim against Trump lacks the precipice needed.
Richard Barr, TRUMP IS THE MOST LIAR, DISHONEST. He need
To step down. The world wants Trump OUT NOW Trump EVIL
Can you please define, in clear words, "Obstruction of Justice"?
You're a disgrace and 2020 will be here b4 you know it VOTE THIS LIAR OUT send him to Russia BYE
@SenatorBurr by not holding 4 in contempt and by shutting down @KamalaHarris it was like you saying congress check and balance is gone!
You're on the line for your actions and words. Patriot or party-line? If youre complicit in your duty to our country and state it will show.
I just hope you didn't interfere too much for your slave master
I stand with Kamala Harris. Your attitude today was not that of a gentleman.
If you see nothing wrong with Trump CLEARLY obstructing justice, you are a FOOL and should not be a Senator.
@SenatorBurr get to the bottom of all of this! Be a Patriot. Put Country before Party! Signed- your constituent
#MustRead MT @SenatorBurr Senate Intel Releases Comey Written Statement for the Record http://www.burr.senate.gov/press/releases/notification-ssci-releases-comey-written-statement-for-the-record … #ComeyTestimony #ComeyHearing
Not impressed, Burr. I feel you're in this for all the wrong reasons.
#HowdyDoody
Please do not interrupt professionals who are in the middle of questioning. Signed, Your Mother.
Agreed. If Only Senator Harris acted like a professional. In H's words, this is a nothing burger, yet some people have to resist reality.
Senator Burr, you owe Senator an apology! Why did you interrupt her questioning but let your male counterparts do whatever they wanted  to?
Old men...so insecure
.@SenKamalaHarris was getting facts onto the record. I was not interrupted by @senatorburr when I asked tough questions. She was. https://twitter.com/yottapoint/status/872496489251180545 …
good job releasing the written statement so the WaPo or NYTimes can't leak it and try to twist it against POTUS. MAGA
Stop carrying water for Trump. He won't help you. He'll drag you down.
Pipe down with these annoying Tweets. Stay in your lane Richie when a woman is talking. Or at least raise your tiny hand.

#ShePersisted
U say you see no wrongdoing. Really? Asking to speak 2 Comey ALONE & then saying "Hope you can let this go" is NOT trying to obstruct?
You showed absolute uncalled for and frankly extreme rudeness in interrupting @SenKamalaHarris today. You are an embarrassment.
Your statement about not seeing wrongdoing is premature. Do you want what's good for our country or what's good for this president?
#ShePersisted -shame on you.
From this it's hard to imagine why Trump would remove Comey other than the Russia investigation. The innocent hope for truth > resolution
The reason I suspect was that Comey refused to lift the cloud by going public with what he told him in private
Chastising Senator Harris for not accepting evasive answers is not what you were elected to do. She's showing the courage you're not. Man up
With all the respect Sir, this is obstruction of justice and u need to act accordingly
Reads like a porn novel.
Info in an active investigation can not be said in a hearing. Wonder whyTrump didnt invoke ex privilege? Please try not to obstruct justice.
Suspicious, Senator. We don't want a sacrificial lamb. We want the Master Scammers & we're GOING to get them.
