Senator, are you willing to call for impeachment? He crossed the line impeding his own TREASON investigation. Deal now or go down later.
Thank him he's not burying this.
I'm skeptical. Call it not signing releases for info and no special prosecutor support skepticism. Does he benefit from Rostneft?
Are you also calling for a special investigation of the Clintons and Obama. Cause if you are I agree with you.
No charges on B.O. HRC had 7 million worth of investigations. Nothing criminal found. Get over it. Trump obstructed justice w/firing.
There was never a criminal investigation started because the FBI & DOJ were run by democrats. Hillary couldn't remember because she fell and
Hit her head her staff took the 5th. Attorney General met with Billy on a plane in the middle of nowhere n. Then Comey gave a perfect case
To charge Hillary then at end said he wouldn't recommend any charges ist time in history FBI acted as attorney general. But then the fix
I beg of you, PLEASE follow through. My father, my grandfather fought for this country.
My Grandfather and Father fought in WWI and WWII.... and if my Dad were here; he'd be supporting Trump! Obama, Lynch, Hillary, Comey=CoverUp
I'm sorry to hear that he would be on the wrong side of history.
Democrats are doing everything in their power to fight against Trump finalize Russian collusion case and move on
Time to subpoena #secretWHvisitorlogs which will show if Comey, VP Pence & AG Sessions were in #Oval on 2/14 at same time. #ComeyMemo #Trump
It is time for an independent investigation!
YES, #HistoryIsWatching
#GOP Delaying &do more!Congress needs resources &
mandates #911Style #IndependentCommission w/ #SpecialProsecutor
Senator, how do you feel now? Now that the Prez has shared code word info with Russia? We need an independent investigation.
Where is FLYNN?
you also have ties to #Russia.  you need to recuse yourself!
US has interfered in 45 country elections! Obama used tax payers money to interfere in Israel's election! Hillary paid Putin 20% in uranium
WE need You. Can ALL Americans trust You? are You another Repub. who cares more about party than Loyalty to our Democracy?#CountryOverParty
Rich, Flynn needs to testify. I said it from the beginning. The American People are aware of it. #Tatiana
Fine with me.I hope you equally want Susan Rice and others to testify as well to find out who is leaking/unmasking names & breaking the law
There would be no names to unmask if no one had committed moneylaundering and treason. How do you not get that?
COWARD
Thank you
Please DO NOT play partisan politics.  The American people deserve to know the truth
Investigate Trump's request to Comey to shut down Flynn investigation. STOP IGNORING THE MESS Trump is making of our country
Subpoena also Comey memos, It is not upto a newspaper to investigate treason. Just believe their memos incriminating Hillary if you need to.
COMPLICIT. Too late Burr
That's it?! Listen try not to rush this too much ok? I don't want you to work hard during these trying time. Relax! IT'S ONLY #TRUMPRUSSIA
Not trusting u too much Mr. Burr. U are all for Trump! Be a real man and demand an independent counsel.
Thank you for seemingly putting country over party, I ask for forgiveness of my skepticism considering current events.
Skepticism has returned....
finally you're doing something for you're doing something for your constituents
Country before party, Senator Burr. Don't go the way of your GOP colleagues. History will not look kindly on you.
Real Americans are with Trump. They go out and Vote and they don't care about social media.  Remember this. 
Ah, no. Real Americans are against treason, against nepotism, against selling our country to the highest bidder.
Sir, what don't you understand about Special Prosecutor?
You could have done this months ago. You are just trying to keep Flynn topical. You drip and drab like Bill Clintons infected penis.
Time to decide which side of history you want to stand on. Demand a special prosecutor and you will be one of the heroes.
An independent investigation of trump & associates would end any speculation regarding guilt or innocence. Don't we deserve it?
you are the person to watch, the rest will follow, let's do this!
You are such a disappointment to R's in NC. Why didn't you tell us you were a Democrat when you were running in 2016?
And how does this involve Trump ?? If it involves Flynn make this a Flynn inquiry . Ok?
If you stand by and do nothing you become just as guilty as those who tipped the scale.
Please help our country. Don't think about party affiliation. This man is dangerous.
#SpecialProsecutorNow #ComeyFiring #RussiaGate #Impeach45
LOL. A veteran kissing up to a pro-Russian traitor & 5-time Vietnam draft dodger who made up a 4F claim of bone spurs. Next. #Trumprussia
Please, Mr. Burr, we beg of you, not as partisans but as Americans: Continue this probe, and grant us an independent probe as well. Please!
Did you see Trump's interview with Lester Holt?
Obstruction of Justice!!!!
Maddow asked Justice dept 5x if sessions recused from manafort investigation and they will not answer .... why we want answers ...corruption
Sir, We have lost confidence in U as Chairman of Senate Intel Committee. U let Comey by w/ murder re: Hillary & Felony leaks.
/ Be as good as Senator Sam Ervin. Retired, war veteran who swore to defend the US Constitution. Expect that of you too. Thanks
Trey Gowdy for FBI head.
Senator Burr, NC veteran here, please demand a Special Prosecutor to investigate Russian interference and possible collusion. 
Thank you.
Yes! Sen Burr! I'm another constituent urging you to do the right thing and appoint a special prosecutor. America needs truth.
By not satisfying such a strong demand for a PI, committees &/or FBI MUST now find 'something' or ppl won't trust the outcome.
I hope Flynn flips on this W.H. So fast!!
Need To repeal the aca
Flynn is old news
Thank you Senator; please make your nation proud.
@SenatorBurr we are counting on you to save the US
We have known for months and you only do this now?  What's wrong, can't you obstruct any longer?  Stop pretending you care for our Country.
Keep up the good work: we're behind you. We MUST, for the sake of country, find out what happened. Country before party or career=honor. 
Good! Thank you! #CountryOverParty
This involves Flynns personal life.Why does this fall under your committee scope?Investigate HRC and Podesda ties to Russia.There's ur story
America is watching ....
As a decorated Vietnam veteran, who fought for and loves this country, I have 3 words for you, Senator. "OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE"
We need a independent special prosecutor for this Russian probe. The truth is needed ASAP.
#IndependentInvestigationNow  this is crazy, Ryan and McConnell will go down as traitors. You don't have time or staff @GOP GROW UP!!
The best part( sarcasm) this whole Senate Intel is BS! The GOP doesn't care about trump Russia they just want
Why is Flynn not in jail? GOP the new party of RUSSIA.
Two choices today for Republicans: 1) man-up 2) political suicide
I hope this isn't a dog'n'pony show. Not too long ago u were commenting about this w/others when perhaps u should not have. Country first.
Can any reporter/lawmaker anywhere find just 1 honest voter in US or France that the Russians made them vote for so & so? Answer NO
thank you for being a patroit! From your newest liberal fan!
We need independent prosecutors who are NOT running for office and will do nonpartisan investigation
@potus anger+impatience decided http://wapo.st/2q78mIP?tid=ss_tw … Demanded AAG+AG provide coherent plausible reasons. REALLY for #trumpRUSSIA #TREASON
Not buying it, sorry! Truth will prevail!
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
When are you going to call @jaredkushner @USAGSessions Carter Page, Menafort to testify
61% say Trump is dishonest 36% approval #SpecialProsecutor

Independent prosecutor. The only way to avoid being labeled a coconspirator. Do it. Do it now. You don't like the guy anyway. Grow a pair.
be a treasonous duck making Toad(R) Congress its Bitch McCuntall! Subpoena all Drumpf mob tax & bank recs, ties to Pootie mafia obvious.
If it talks like Groucho’s duck, walks like Groucho’s duck, publicly blows Lavrov & Kizlyak on PRAVDA unlike Groucho’s duck, it must...
Say the secret phrase “financial crime” & in lieu of Groucho’s duck, corrupt
ex-NYPD repel from ceiling holding “YOU’RE FIRED!” sign...
R u a joke! Comey was incompetent & in case u r not aware the investigation  (which is a Russian witch hunt) will continue. U r what's WRONG
Handle this right, and you could be the next Sam Ervin. Handle it wrong and you could be part of the cover up.
Remember Sam Ervin. YOU can save USA from this treasonous president-and be a hero - IF you are not also involved. We had Russian spies in WH
Thank you senator. This smells like a trump cover up!! Please get to the truth
independent investigator!!
Senator, please make a public demand for an independent prosecutor to look into this Trump - Russian collusion.
Trey Gowdy for FBI Please!
Please save us from Trump. Please save our democracy. Please don't sabotage the investigation. I hope u aren't caught up in Trump/Putin.
We need an independent investigation! U're complicit. The sane 's aren't falling for ur theatrics. You tried to cover it up in Feb.Resign
Is @GOP putting Party over Country? Reducing corporate taxes & a vulgar trust-fund baby over American values & legacy? Prove em wrong! #Vote
Call for a special prosecutor. Be on the right side of history. We will remember the patriots and the collaborators.
Powerful letter... If this doesn't want to make you side with the United States of America then there's something wrong with you !
Do you seriously believe He kept any incriminating evidence? He was Director of National intelligence after all. Ask Wilber Ross, He'll know
U GOP don't represent the people... u r serving president and the party... r trader to the people!
U care more about party than democracy!!!
Ryan, McConnell r traders just like Trump..he's brings in Russian press and keeps US press out,all u GOP should be booted out!
I pray you are the PATRIOT we are looking for. PLEASE do not let democracy down
PLEASE SAVE OUR DEMOCRACY.  HE IS OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE. IMPEACHABLE OFFENSE. HE INVITED RUSSIA INTO THE OVAL, THEY ATTACKED OUR COUNTRY!!!
Whether ours shall be a gov of laws & not men is now for congress & ultimately the American people. - Archibald Cox
DO YOUR JOB OR RESIGN DO NOT BE JUST "CONCERNED" DO SOMETHING!!!!!
Very necessary. Thanks for not backing down. Whatever happened or is happening, we need the truth.
Something smells in Denmark!  USA needs an independent commission & special counsel appointed re ties between Russia and Trump/Trump admin
Please continue with the subpoenas. There are many many more to be served! @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @OversightDems @GOP. No Immunity.
About time. Now subpoena #Manafort #Page  #Sessions #Tillerson #Kushner Ivana #Ivanka #EricTrump #DonnieJunior #Giuliani #Pence #Bannon etal
and yet you are rejecting the call for an independent investigation?!
I just can't put any trust in you. You are a trump stooge and have been part of the cover-up. Once a snake, always a snake. Prove me wrong!
Thank you Senator!
call for an independent probe plz
Anyone else afraid @SenatorBurr won't do the right thing when the time comes?
Why would any Republican be surprised at Trump's behavior ? To quote Trump " you knew I was a snake when you took me in".
It's a start
Sir, with respect, I have been disappointed by you previously - but I haven't lost hope in your courage & integrity. Please do right by us.
NC folks and all over the US are counting on the brave men/women who will put country first.  Independent investigation is a must!
Thank you. Now will you please call for an independent prosecutor? Don't we all want to get to the truth & deal with it? Country over party.
and you are doing WHAT about this? Anything? Demanding he be impeached? Independent investigation? ANYTHING???? Nope, NOTHING!
The spectacle exhibited by Trump with the Russians in the Oval Office today, in which no American press were allowed, was deeply disturbing.
why our some senators hiding? stirring the news media to stop probing colluding, there are "big"cover ups,I hear their close!
I pray you will go down in history as one of the heroes who saved America from this creeping evil we're witnessing in #TrumpRussia.
Please stop the bleeding out of America with #traitorous Trump, he must go to save our country. #CountryOverParty
What about subpoenas for Susan Rice regarding surveillance on private citizens????
Thank you! We are losing our country from within. USA needs nonpartisan actions to protect her.
Here's my professional opinion/experience 4 any1 believing a word him/they say---your being hustled.

Don't hold out hope in any of them!
And don't put your eggs in one basket. These "good ole boys" are anything but good. They are devious psychopathic criminals
Senator, I'll be frank: I don't trust you to conduct this investigation impartially. I've never hoped more to be proven wrong.
Please get the GOP to protect our democracy. Please. They are standing around, impotent, putting party over country. Trump is unfit.
What if he just ignore like the Hillary server guy...then what?
Thank you, Senator.
Have you asked Thos Pickering for Russian & Iranian interest? Crowstrike, the score of Russian hacking & others?
Congrats to you and Sen Warner for your professionalism and bipartisanship.
Stand with Real Americans and stand with your President.  Every former FBI on conservative radio shows today were backing the President 
WATCH THE DOCS DISAPPEAR LIKE SADDAM'S WMD
Yes! Thank you!!
Are you are a Patriot fighting for our democracy or a closet Trump stooge selling out America, in which case we'll write checks to dump you.
Thank you Senator Burr
We NEED ASAP:
Please keep this investigation moving forward - our democracy depends on it... #ChecksAndBalances
You diverted media away from NYT story about Trump/Russia Connection. Now will history show you as obstructor for Trump or saving democracy?
How did you like the photos of Trump smiling and shaking hands with the Russians??
How was the photos of Trump smiling and shaking hands with the Russians??
This is a step in the right direction. Keep it up!
The American people want an investigation. please do the right thing
What documents? A very non-specific subpoena and said documents may not have ever existed.
Is it True Trump has access to Comey's Computer ? Did you go to white house last nite Senator
Good for you!!!!! Thank you! #CountryOverParty
Push for an independent investigation too and you may land on the right side of history. You have the power to stand with integrity.
Stand up, don't weaken! The future of our country totally depends on you having a backbone. COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY, PLEASE!!!
Senator, please conduct a robust investigation with all possible speed. Please insist on more staffing. We need truth.
It's time you step up and defend the Constitution #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #Trumprussia
Please go further, don't give up, subpoena the president's tax returns to get to the bottom of this!
please investigate Russian agent Ovechkin!
You're committee can't do the job properly. You're too biased.
God's mission is clear. He may not come when we call him, but he is always right on time. I trust no one but him!
But as the saying goes, what's done in the dark will come to the light. Some will get it and some won't. God ain't playing people.
They could have saved us from all this hate, pain, & worry, but they chose to worry about Leaks. Without leaks we would still be in the dark
We The People should never ever have to beg ELECTED OFFICALS to do their jobs. Sad it has had to come to this. Send those prayers to God.
Two words- SPECIAL PROSECUTOR. Anything less & you appear complicit
Senator... you have the haters coming on here thinking POTUS always does something wrong no matter what. This needs to Stop! Respect Office
Senator, please READ .....

@TGowdySC @ConawayTX11 @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @TheJusticeDept @FBI  Comey is Guilty!
http://www.westernjournalism.com/former-fbi-assistant-directors-weigh-comeys-firing/ …
Go get 'em.  Don't protect those traitors.
Be mindful of the import of this committee or face being 1 of the tsunami of outgoing Republicans in Trump's wake. Constituents are watching
Good, but Americans want an #independentProsecutor  Get on the right side of history.
How are you still involved in the investigation after you made calls to press about NY Times story? Seems like you compromised yourself.
I want you to know that the NYT story is BS
Sure would be nice to see Republicans actually have a backbone and stand up to the Dems/media.Why you guys always spineless cowards?
We value yor integrity for trying to keep looking for the truth
Please our country first! Please go all the way. You are part of the American family our family. No matter what get the truth fast.
Please follow through with the Russian investigation, and please seek the truth, wherever it may lead.
Good! But are you going to keep going or trying to hide this under the rug like some of your other peers?  Trust is low right now.
What documents?
