Can't believe Congress is agreeing with poor excuse for a human being, 45. No guts obviously or compassion Certainly advertises YOUR values
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorLankford @SenJohnMcCain @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @ConawayTX11 @realDonaldTrump @CLewandowski_
We elect you to serve; to do what's right. YOU'RE in power now; if NOT NOW.. WHEN? 
#LockThemUp #LockHerUp
You have more evidence & intent.
Unacceptable to shush powerful women, like Sen Harris. Women are watching! We are not amused.
more bullshit
I respectfully ask you to review Sen. Harris' questions and other members questions to see that her treatment of Sessions' was no different.
funny how no one interrupted you @SenKamalaHarris
Senator, going with Judge's opening statement below; that was for JUSTICE for Hillary, Lynch, Rice & Obama. They are NOT above the Law!
Comey is not a good man at all. Mueller is good friends with him. Why did Rosenstein hire Mueller? This all stinks. Can't trust it.

Brilliant, wonderful, you are so earning your salary from the American people. 2018 is going to be ugly as sin for the GOP at this rate.
Impressed by your professionalism.
SHAME on you for trying to silence @SenKamalaHarris.  You are so corrupt.
Senator... I am pleading with you for justice! This is a witch hunt against our POTUS. $100M will be wasted on this. Comey, Mueller cahoots
Senator, who's side are you on? Please Watch this awesome statement! She is spot on! The Voters want action!
My #OpeningStatement - take a look: 
Continue you're hunt for #Truth, @SenatorBurr! Ignore the clowns. You've shown great leadership as chairman of this committee.
How many Senators did you silence? Just one - even though she didn't do anything that any other senator on that committee did #Misogyny
Nothing but a Political Witch Hunt at the Expense of Taxpayer's. #PoliticalWitchHunt
Any conversations in private w the POTUS has always been classified as "Private" and only can b disclosed by the POTUS and Executive Privlge
Please stop chastising Senator Harris. She has many insightful questions to get through.Your behavior inhibits that and reeks of misogyny.
Chairman Burr, Did u interrupt @SenTomCotton lecturing the Senate & questioning fellow Senators ad nauseam? Instead of ?'ing Jeff Sessions?
3 years til 3020.
#KamalaHarrisFISACourtSystem while serving #OutsideSatanicForeignInterests #InBedWithThem
Sen.Wyden wrote re Tues. hearing: "...Harris was doing her job. She was interrupted for asking tough questions. I was not interrupted."
Your partisan opening statement.  Why the need to attack the previous Senate?  Your open hearings & investigation are a joke.  You're a joke
You forgot the @gop can care less about collusion with Russia money laundering illegal contributions as long as they are ones getting them.
You did not disappoint; "No separation between you and Trump". #Notmysenator #Goodoleboy #Noethics
Please stop attacking Kamala. It's coming across as biased against women and just rude.
Don't  stop or check  Kamala Harris She's the most spirited and most probing in the room
When are u getting rid of Mueller? When r u going to set the agenda instead of the Democrats? Disgusted w the Republicans lack of leadership
#KamalaHarrisConflictOfInretest #InsideIntel
Special counsel Mueller should also investigate the GOP for campaign contributions given by Russia. How quick would the GOP change its tune?
Which party are you with?
Get off your ass & bring this #RussianCollusion fiasco to an end #NOEVIDENCE Everyone agrees they interfered in election where are solutions
So @gop only makes people answer questions when it's in their interest?
Coats, Rodgers & Sessions (all nominated by Trump) refuses to answer question vs. Comey NEVER once refused to answer questions! DO SOMETHING
Man are you disappointing. Why is warner leading you around like a puppet.  Don't you get what's going here
NO on ACHA 24 million will lose healthcare including seniors, children , disabled persons and you will lose your senate seat!
Everybody saw AG WASTED TIME on purpose, but you picked on a woman Sen. As a servant of the people I call you out of line & reprimanded!!!
I find u out of line & as a comttee mem. to suppress a colleague during question'g. U should've prompted AG to concisely answer #thatstwice
Shame on you for cutting off @KamalaHarris  #noburrin2022
Have all these guys been promised large laundry bags of cash?
The memory loss is staggering.
Very Sad.
Thank you for your fairness. How does Jeff Sessions get away with forgetting everything or refusing to answer???? People deserve better
I had faith in you until today. Prepare to not be re-elected.
Never Forget 

Burrs is "A Okay" with Sessions REFUSING to answer questions without ANY Legal REASON.

Wonder Why?
This whole thing is #Bullshit  a waste of our money, grow a back bone and act like you are the MAJORITY
Is the whole GOP being investigated for money laundering? Seriously need to speak about this
@SenatorBurr you may want to talk to your colleagues about being nonpartisan and bringing politics into the committee. Sadly they miss this.
Hey Senator how about treating ALL of your committee members the same. Sen Harris has every right to ask AG Weak Knees to answer a question
Senator Burr most Americans who tuned in are now doubled down  on having an Independent Select Commission Trump/Russia. Sessions Obstructed.
The constant interruptions of Kamala Harris was racist and misogynist! STOP INTERRUPTING WOMEN AND YOU MIGHT LEARN SOMETHING! Shameful!
I wish you would center on Russia & not Trump!! That's what needs to be done!!!
You didn't notice he answered non of the questions, i did. He's in Trumps pocket. Without immunity Mr. Sessions will not "sing".
Immunity for what?  There is no crime.  Sessions can't prove your fantasy isn't true, It didn't happen! Can't provide witness to nothing.
I would like to ask that you be mindful of the women on the committee. Sen. Harris in particular is respected and needs 2 b 
Completely unhappy with the way you spoke down to Senator Harris, she is your colleague not a subordinate 
Amen. How dare he.
#Sessions is NOT the @POTUS Lawyer! He the AMERICANS AG, Why is he acting as if he is representing @realDonaldTrump and withholding INFO!!
Your interruption of the female senator is turning women voters over to the Dem Party.  You did not interrupt your male counterparts.
Right after you hugged Mrs. Sessions and told her not to worry?
Horrible
Thank you for the professional and serious way you Chaired the hearing. You obviously respect the Constitution and American Ppl
If you were less winded perhaps Sen. Harris could finish her line of questioning?
Did Sen.Cotton discredit the validity of the ONGOING hearing which was VOTED ON to take place? Undermining the procedure. #PartisanSeat
> Interestingly, AG Sessions DID NOT PLEAD the 5th like Loretta Lynch did on multiple occasions in HER Testimony!! #Integrity
Nice stylin and profilin'. Wish you would look after us as much as you take care of the other side  crazy approach you have. #maga
> Thank you, Sir for your Leadership.
Shut this farce down !
the way they berated Mr.Sessions is not a way to teach our children how to respect ppl. this is a circus and when is it going to end ?
But I guess never telling the truth is a real sound lesson? It will end when the first Republican grows a conscience, which could be a while

@SenatorBurr to @PatMcCroryNC: 
Hold my beer. I'm going to eff  up & save your name. I'll be infamous, I mean famous. https://twitter.com/funder/status/871509715985072128 …
Stop bullying Sen. Kamala Harris!  Use a double standard!  You don't treat an other senator the way you treat her during hearings!
Burr, you suck, too!
Wasted opportunities. Where's healthcare and tax reform? This NC conservative will NOT support u again!!
We all want to know what the "rule" is that prevented Sessions from answering legit questions today. Are you curious, too?
C'mon senator Burr. These hearings are a waste of time & money. Get to the bottom of it & start coming up with cyber solutions.
To protect our country. We need a cyber security plan! GOP stalling is leaving our country vulnerable.
Traitors. America will rememeber  repay your spineless treachery.
Dear honourable @SenatorBurr, please STOP interrupting Senator Kamala Harris! It is ungentlemanly!
So he should that stupid woman wouldn't let the poor man answer. SO damn ignorant.
#TRAITORSFORTRUMP
And again you're reinforcing the worthlessness of GOP congress. There's more than one way to exhibit treason.
Never heard of "appearing Impartial" or just don't care? Smiling as you shook Keebler's hand,during your opening & being all chummy to Mrs.
You're a thorough disappointment. You seem to be covering for him. Mueller should start looking into your finances.
Your behavior towards @SenKamalaHarris is disrespectful and sexist. You didn't interrupt any of the men. Get your shit together.
No more volunteer testimony. Use subpoenas, and when witnesses refuse to testify, hold them in contempt.
How wonderful you got to speak. Maybe you can stop interrupting @KamalaHarris when she speaks. We see you very clearly senator.
Nice job of kissing Sessions butt, that man is totally unqualified to be our attorney general.
I certainly hope that you have your retirement plans in order sir. You're on your way out
Total Rep BS with leading Q's & allowing refusal to answer questions. Disgusting display of assisting obstruction of justice by Reps
You are an embarrassment.  Lock them all up!!!
Thank you for your work today. Seemed fair and honest in your quest for answers. I'm not liking the "I don't recall" defense so continue on
It's bs that Sessions is not answering. He needs to be called back for answers!
How is it at all acceptable for you to chair the Sen committee investigating Trump campaign where you served as senior campaign advisor?
Conrad Burr Americans with Brains meaning people who did not vote for you the Traitor, will hold you accountable, unlike you to Sessions
We are watching. Not a verdict in search of a crime (like they did to HRC). Just let the evidence lead where it may or may not. #trump
let's discuss Senator Mark Warrens Collusion with Russian. $6 Million worth! http://www.pacificpundit.com/2017/05/13/mark-warner-yandex-russia/ …
The only "partisan" comments today are from Republicans attacking the Democratic Senators who are totally entitled to ask their questions
This is the MOST RIDICULOUS #SessionsHearing EVER!! He REFUSES to speak & his mind is UNFIT to be AG because he "FORGETS" #WeWantTruth
Right after u hugged and kissed Mrs. Treason Elf Sessions?
This is a crock. We all know Sessions is lying. Why are you going easy on him? Oh, I know... You are complicit or you just don't care.
No he's not you so he don't need to lie. Libtards need to do that go get in your safe place
Too much grandstanding. Very disappointing. Just want the truth and relevant information.
What was the BS about the CIA's budget? Some kind of threat to the IC?
#impeachTrump
#TrumpRussia
Plz note @POTUS @realDonaldTrump the committee has determined there was Russian interference in the election!
They do it all the time it is not the first time we do it to so
Sessions can't remember but he's sure he didn't do anything improper? That's unacceptable. He remembers or he doesn't.
Thats funny because Comey couldn't remember a lot and neither could hillary when questioned over Benghazi.
What couldn't Comey remember? Want to check the transcript for how many,"I don't recalls" were used by each?   Not even comparable.
Many things. If you have the time to count how many times each couldn't remember, go for it, go count how many times.
After a year of Obama spying on Trump World, Dems got nothing but smearing innuendo,half truths&lies to demonize&undermine Trump&his cabinet
MR BURR MY WHOLE FAMILY HAVE BEEN ABUSE BY 5 STOCKTON CA COPS AND GOV IN STOCKTON CA MY SON WAS HANDCUFF & MAUL BY STOCKTON CA COP DOG WOW
You were very careful to warn against anything that might have been learned via Comey in confidence. This makes you appear to be a liar.
Last week all intel chiefs and Comey testified there was no collusion and there was no investigation of Trump. It was all an Obama Lie.
Every intel chief said there was NO obstruction&NO collusion&Trump is not&was not under investigation.Libs have moved on to their next lie.
You KNEW @POTUS was NOT under investigation https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2017/06/10/the-entire-deep-state-dc-institutional-apparatus-knew-president-trump-was-not-under-investigation/ … STOP THE BS
Your choreographed leading of the witness is grotesuqe. As a constituent, I hope you end up tainted and censured or jailed.
Hope you grow a spine and end this...you know it's all BS!
STOCKTON CA POLICE IS CORRUPTED I'M A MOTHER WHO WANT JUSTICE I'M GANG-STALKED DAILY THE WHOLE COUNTY IS CORRUPTED
MY OTHER SON JOSIAH WAS KILL A YEAR LATER MY FAMILY HAVE BEEN MISTREATED BY STOCKTON CA POLICE HARASSMENT AND BIAS CRIMES AGAINST MY FAMILY
While you try to soft peddle the bullshit that is this admin. Grow some balls, Burr. Otherwise you will join the ranks of national jokes.
He already has.
I NEED TO SPEAK TO THE USA SENATOR HOUSE I AM A MOTHER WHO LIFE HAVE BEEN CHANGED FOREVER MY SON WAS ATTACKED BY 5 STOCKTON CA POLICE
As a member of the transition team, you have zero business in this investigstion, and are suspect yourself. WTF kind of show is this?
you sure do put a lot of sugar on your words, Senator Burr.  wonder if #JeffSessions was a D whether your words would be this sweet.
Once again you are letting the American people down. Hold him accountable, he's lying and we all know it
Did you give a damn when the last administration let you down? Hillary is still walking around free as a bird.
Please, I know he is a former colleague but we the people need the truth, backed by evidence not blind faith.
There ain't nothing there wasting 
