mr. Burr I thought it was outrageous that James Comey decided not to prosecute Hillary Clinton, that was not his job
.@SenatorBurr, #FulfillYourOath & call 4 an independent commission & special prosecutor to investigate Russia’s election interference. #ATN
And still not one negative word about Trump ,not even mentioned in this statement. Sessions broke the law yet again? Where's the outrage??
I'm heartened that you put country before party. This investigation is too important to be covered up. Thank you for doing the right thing.
really mr. Burr? Doesn't matter what you think he serves at the pleasure of the president. End of story get over it
Commend Senate intel chairman @SenatorBurr. Could have pulled a #Nunes but chose to express concern re: #ComeyFiring & #RussiaInvestigation
"Troubled" - really - can't leave it at that. You need to standup and call for an independent investigation/commission.  #makesenervinproud
Thank you Senator Burr for being gracious and truthful. Unlike some trolls here... #IndependentInvestigation
We disagree on nearly everything, but I respect you for having the backbone to stand up for what is right.
Hey @SenatorBurr?? Why dont you st*u. Seriously. #COMEYis a CRIMINAL!Period! HeSHOULD have been fired by obama whn he protected criminal HRC
Aren't you a gem
She's talking Trumpkins gibberish why did Nixon do the Saturday Night Massacre? Cuz he was guilty as he'll and this is more proof Trump is!
She doesn't know history clearly...and for some reason, didn't know America has been GREAT since 1776 (maybe her Dear Leader said that?)
Guys she's a bot look at her activity and IP she's not real. Jali_Benz is a server bot
Guess who's got your BOT??!  NOT JAMES COMEY!!!!! Hahahhahahahahhahahahhahahahahah!!!!!! Love our @POTUS and @jeffsessions!!!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @voxdotcom
My family will work hard to have you replaced next election!! You are NOT a true patriot and supporter of MAGA!!
Nice statement. Actually do something now and block Senate business until there is an independent investigation.
Thank you. I still wish I’d never voted for you, but I no longer feel that I betrayed my country by doing so.
Investigation is not difficult.Very complex massive amount of work,yes. However, the players are so blatant, so stupid, helps investigators
Shame on Senator Burr....The right thing, after all COMEY let the FT Hood Killer go, Fast & Furios Go, IRS LOIS GO, HILLARY GO OBAMA
The overwhelming response is for you to put action into words and appoint a special prosecutor. Now.
.@seanhannity apparently thinks Republican @SenatorBurr is a deranged liberal crackpot?
Senator I appreciate your speaking out when your peers have not. Pls SUPPORT an independent investigation so house and senate can move on.
Who needs a Congress when you and the GOP rubber stamp all Trump actions, even those that are unconstitutional? @NormEisen
True which is why we must support Republicans willing to put  #CountryOverParty #CountryDuty #independentProsecutor
@Republican4Hil With all due respect, not enough. Be a patriot: investigate.
How troubled? Call for special prosecutor troubled? Or issue a statement saying you're troubled troubled?
Bravo!!! 
Please do not allow a political/partisan FBI Director be confirmed. Tone deaf to politics is what we need. Experience, leadership.
You,too,sir need to recuse yourself. We ALL remember your little 'bullseye joke' @ killing Hillary Clinton #independentInvestigation NOW!
ugh..true! we need him to step up now!!
Then do something about it.  Don't cover for Trump.    We are watching.   #IndependentInvestigation
What are we covering??? Whatcha got?
Can't read?  Bless your heart.  Typical.
Go away snowflake.
Eat 

Yes, for your side.  Enjoy the ride down.
You're letting this be personal.  From an outsider, Comey should have been gone long ago regardless of party.
You must do right by our nation. You know there is something very wrong about this. It is time for a special prosecutor, Senator Burr.
#dotherightthing A personal/professional misstep is nothing compared to cataclysmic generational destruction of democracy by conman Trump.
And water is wet. Thanks
Lost my vote
@SenatorBurr, I'm a liberal, but you've earned my respect (and Twitter follow).   Thanks for standing for what's right.  Country over party.
you trouble me :(
Independent investigation! Continue to stand for what is right.
Have you asked Comey who unmasked the names & leaked information on the @realDonaldTrump team since you've worked so closely with Comey. WHO
Read your statement. It's refreshing to read it after the tripe coming from the White House
Independent investigation?
Sen. @SenatorBurr I and many supporters find it sad that you chose to side with the radical Democrats in attacking our @POTUS & defend Comey
You are part of the swamp that is going DOWN THE DRAIN! Sooner the better!
@realDonaldTrump should have fired Comey in January 2017! All Presidents fire the old guard.
Thank you for standing up for our democracy and keeping a nonpartisan focus on what work needs to be done.
So, do something right for this country and Investigate Trump/Russia. Your duty, Sir, is to the people and the president. We're all awake!
Not strong enough. Trump is in deep shit and firing Comey was a defensive act. We want an independent investigation!!!
I think "troubled" is kinda weak- but I hope this means that you will stand up and be vocal about getting to the bottom of this!
If you are serious you will call for a special prosecutor to take over this #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #impeach45 #GOPcoverup
Country before party.
Hear, hear. I hope Sen. Burr follows this up with some action, as well.
Does this mean you stand will stand up to @GOP and w/ @SenJohnMcCain @JimInhofe and call for an independent investigation into #TrumpRussia?
Thank you senator, you represent me. Please do your best to discover the truth about the connections to Russia.
You have an obligation to protect this country. We need an independent prosecutor. Please do the right thing. Don't sell us out for a fraud
I think he was on the right track to find something out against Trump.
You better be glad you're retiring or us NC deplorables would be voting you out!!! @SenatorBurr #draintheswamp
@SenatorBurr might be troubled, but he and the rest of @GOP won't do a damn thing about it except rubberstamp @realDonaldTrump @FBI nominee
Have you been living under a rock for the past year. You call yourselfa senator and work for the people so sick of Republican liberals
GOP need to show strength. Trump meeting with Russians today after firing Comey. Blatant statement. Rumor he asked Comey to stop Grand Jury.
We need to vote all republicans  out of office that don't stand behind  an independent  investigation of trump/russia investigation ! !!!!
Russia just bragged about bringing a spy, a spy recruiter, and surveillance equipment into the Oval Office without any oversight.
maybe you should resign...I had TS SCI clearance & even 1 email I'd be in prison.  just shows politicians are above the laws they write
Comey covered up for Hillary despite compelling evidence of wrong doing. She should have been prosecuted for high crimes.
Thank you for rising about party politics and be honest about Trump. Your words have restored a bit of hope.
Thank you, Senator Burr. Now act accordingly.
Sir, I beseech of U, Trump is not a Republican, he is degrading Our standing,he is humiliating R party. Plz stand 4 ur Country
Why didn't it give you enough time for more coverups and diversions. As aTrump puppet with Russian ties you must resign

Get on this all of u ASAP.......
Need independent investigation to look into the Trump-Russia connection. Too many lives are being upended using the congressional approach.
The only question is why it took so long which is answered by DAG finally in place! Why insist on siding w/hypocritical Dems?
We all know Comey should've been fired months ago. Trump was gracious to give Comey 2nd chance which he clearly botched!
Dems are hyper-hypocrites who are only about criticizing Trump no matter what he does! It wouldn't matter what the timing was!
Who the hell are you! You represent my district and I am so ashamed of you. U vote to end my healthcare I shall vote to end your career
So do something about it.
Thank you for putting country before party. You are a brave patriot.
Bottom line dismissal was based on recommendations, PERIOD! @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump #MAGA @seanhannity @jessebwatters Left always whine 
Please call for an independent counsel!
@MikeYorke#Comey I hope your expression of concern for situation in Press Trump's firings is just the beginning of your response.
thank http://you.now  please get an independent prosecutor.
Will you call witnesses to determine whether the firing was an attempt to interfere with the investigation? Fundamental issue.
so- where is your call for the SP? you should already know about the indictments and such. You know Trump is trying to bury it
He holds back from any hint it's impropriety at best & that would be a stretch
Now perhaps you will get that long coveted invitation to the Schumer cocktail gathering.... Don't bet on it
Please, senator, stand up for us. This needs an #IndependentInvestigation--too many have been fired for digging too hard.
really there is No evidence of collusion  you are wasting my hard earned taxpayer money
Time for an Independent Investigation sir. Have you seen the pix from the WH today? Russian media allowed in to take pix of Putin's puppets.
Insist on a NON-PARTISAN Independent investigation immediately. The very constitutional foundation of our country's democracy is at stake!
Then do something. Do we have to resort to doing what S KOREA did. Massive protests will happen soon.
Yes-for six weeks or longer-whatever it takes
Please demand an independent, bipartisan committee to fully investigate all Trump/Russia ties.
Senator, do you support establishing a special cmte to investigate the ties between this administration and Russia?
Couldn't agree more, Senator. Thanks for the work you and Sen. Warner are doing- we need a truly bipartisan, transparent investigation.
Then do something about it!
thank you for this, and please continue to press for a special counselor and independent investigation committee with some teeth to continue
Comey must have been closer to revealing #trumpRussia ties.  PLEASE take a stand. We want a special prosecutor.  America deserves it.
A very true and compelling statement. But Comey brought this on himself. HE wasn't forthright with his team's findings. FAIR!  !!
you sir, are a true American and a Republican to be proud of.
My feeling is if you are hired to uphold the law, then do the job. The excuses or his reasoning in not releasing info on Hillary is baloney
If he has given so much information he had to violate the secrecy act or other confidential information.
Please support a special prosecutor.
You're a RINO. You're getting voted out next election. I promise.
It is not enough to be “troubled,’ Senator. Do your duty as a citizen and elected official. A special prosecutor is needed NOW.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW
Senator Burr, we need a special prosecutor. Cannot trust anything the republicans are "in charge" of.  ANYTHING.  YOU can be the hero here!
And??  Are you going to wait for DJT to give you financial records or subpoena them?  Why not get a #SpecialCounsel to coordinate info on Qs
Time 4 a special counselor w a non-partisan proven record in #TrumpRussiaInvestigation-No time 4 ur investigation w 7 staffers @MarkWarner
Allow Dir. Comey to testify tomorrow, May 11 2017. Then decide if a special prosecutor is appropriate. I think you will believe it is.
Thank you for speaking up. As your constituent, I hope that you'll support efforts to continue the investigation that Comey was leading.
You know DT fired him over #Trumprussia. Be on the right side of history. This is not what our democracy should be-
DO SOMETHING!!
Thank you Mr. Burr--I totally respect you now. Please help our country by pursuing truth ... I am so worried about our democracy.
Thank you for making this statement. Please take the next step and call for an independent special prosecutor.
The last thing you should be doing is finding anything to agree with the Democrats regarding this issue, or any!
Thank you. Please support an independent investigation.  It's time for good people from both sides to stand up and protect the USA.
Then that means you're corrupt too
Thank you Senator.
@Granniegal So.... what will you do about it?
Actions speak louder than words its time to give the FBI more manpower like you did for 4 flipping years with Benghazi committee. Hypocrits
Please Sen, explain where intent requirement in mishandling classified info is stated in law? Also explain differing standards in lk cases.
Also your feaux outrage on this matter is disgusting. Get a backbone and stop working to further a false narrative being pushed by Ds.
Do the right thing, Senator.  Call for a Special Prosecutor.  Uphold your oath!
We need a special prosecutor! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Statements are cute but let's see some action. Now would be goo, before we verify to the world that we are becoming a banana republic
There's something rotten in Denmark. Help us please, our country's foundation as a nation of law is at risk
A special prosecutorand or Indepedent counsel must be appointed.
Please! DJT is about himself, not America. Please stand on the right side of history?!
You put party before country! May you rot in jail and then hell!!!!
Conspicuously missing: "I'm calling for the appointment of a special prosecutor"
I implore you. We need Congress to do its job and protect this country. Be on the right side of history. This is a TRAVESTY of corruption.
Words mean nothing without action! Put the sanctity of our Republic before party!
This is your #HowardBaker moment.  Don't squander it. #NixonRedux #nyetMyGOP
Thank you - can you promise concrete action to protect the independence of our law enforcement?
How an Executive acts in front of a committee & how he leads a law enforcement agency are 2 distinct & separate issues.
do something tangible. Words are not enough!
So are you prepared to do something about this?
If u are so "troubled"#SpecialProsecutor now! #DoYourJob @realDonaldTrump is a liar US needs bipartisan investigation of #Trumprussia
Alright. Good for you. Now what are you going to do about it?
I appreciate your willingness to see through party lines on this issue. Now fight for an independent investigation to back this statement.
Just saw you on TV. So you are already backing off being concerned! Of course you are #IndependentInvestigation #disappointingusagain
special prosecutor
We need a #specialprosecutornow. Unite 4 ur country. #thisisnotadrill #saveamerica @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @SenCoryGardner @nytimes
Senator Burr and @SenatorWarner, please press for a special prosecutor NOW. You represent not only NC and VA but USA.
Words mean nothing. We need action. Unless you demand a special prosecutor, you're complicit.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
You are a fool to think an FBI director who plays politics is a good thing. It isn't.
And?
In light of fact this is third firing in three months of exceptional, independent senior legal staff by this Prez, see a pattern?
This is the time for you to take the side of patriotism over partisanship. An independent prosecutor is needed to save our country. Please!
From Old For, NC, THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Amen and Thank you
Senator is it possible McConnell is on FBI list to investigate????
I missed where you called for a special prosecutor. Try again #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussia #GOPTraitors
Senator, I have been a Republican all my adult life and quite frankly I am troubled by your comments. Comey at best was erratic.
Thank you for speaking truth to power. Demand an independent prosecutor!
Support an independent commission on Russia. Signed, your constituent.
Have courage of your convictions and support an impartial & independent Special Prosecutor. You don't want to be remembered as #BenedictBurr
Please call for a #SpecialProsecutor
Hmmm
Time for an independent investigation and special prosecutor, lets get this going
@colattesipper what the hell are you going to do about it.
I'm a constituent (ENC). Thought AG Sessions recused himself from Clinton email matters...why was he involved in Comey firing?
you were quoted by @TIME
American people deserve to know truth about Trump's connections to & involvement in Russian hacking. Please demand independent investigation
#SpecialProsecutor Take a stand for Democracy.  #CountryOverParty
Burr you were in this up to your neck..The american people won't stand for anything less than #SpecialProsecutor
Only a special prosecutor can bring some sort of calm to this constitutional crisis
Two words: special prosecutor
pls call for an independent special prosecutor now. We Americans need this.
As 1 of your constituents; I disagree. COMPLETELY. If U don't see how this man has eroded  confidence in the FBI; I question YOUR judgement
Independent prosecutor.
@LouiseMensch a statement? DO SOMETHING, our Country is under attack, and you issue a statement? Save our COUNTRY.
Then the question begs to be asked, sir; WHAT are you going to DO about it?

The fine people of N.C. should be ashamed of you. You are the perfect example of the swamp!
I think you are afraid the a new honest FBI Dir might stray into the Clinton/Podesta/Russian connection don't want that do we
Did the stupid, time wasting, money wasting, distracting investigation stop? No. The same people at the FBI are still doing. Regain control!
The explanation is simple. Incompetence. Intent was never a viable test when one breaks the law. He should have prosecuted HRC.
Do u see y Americans cannot trust the integrity of this investigation now w/o a special prosecutor?  IT MUST BE DONE, SIR!
And now you will act accordingly, right? 45 is screaming for impeachment.
The Republican Party will be forever tarnished if it is party of the coverup of Trump/Russia
Demand no executive action no bills passed  until #IndependentInvestigation clears this admin. Democracy hangs in the balance #TrumpRussia
RichatdcBurr you are my Senator and I am a Tarheel. I expect you and your  colleagues  to start Impeachment of  Trump immediately.
Thank you! We need more legislators like you who have the courage to speak up for what's right, not just what their party line dictates.
#CountryOverParty
National if not Constitutional crisis. Spcl Prosecutor and Trump financials now imperative. Please help US. (NC constituent).
So, you're going to investigate Trump's obvious obstruction then right?
Look, Comey is far from innocent in his part on helping Hillary lose election with his frivolous 2nd probe, his firing sends up red flags!
Then do something about it.   An honorable man is fired while the President a known con is under FBI investigation. #wednesdaywisdom
Demand a Special Prosecutor. NOW.
Good start but I am very worried for our country! What are u going to do now? We need REAL leaders from our senate. Please show ur strength
Time for #CountryOverParty #IndependentInvestigation This is for the integrity of Congress and America.
we've shaken the box, the shit still rises to the top. Action, no more talk. Lawmaker, uphold your sworn duty.
Thank you for your statement! Please protect our Democracy and stop this Autocratic regime! #IndependentInvestigation #Resist
I didn't vote for you, Senator, because you towed your party's cruel line against Obama. But I appreciate this.
