#IDEAUNITE #SayDyslexia Will u pls teach her about fed law IDEA. Kids with disabilities need your help & protection
@dyslexiaUSA8 @SenatorBurr @BetsyDeVos Teach her? This isn't an internship to learn on the job. She is unqualified.
Yes she is unqualified! Sadly, she is going to need on the job training. #InaugurationDay
Training on basics for those of us fighting for kids w/ disabilities=unacceptable.
Agree! I know more than her and I am not qualified for this job. Support IDEA for our kids!
I know more and I am qualified for her job. IDEA, college financial aid, Title IX...she is unqualified.
#NotMySOE DeVos is unqualified and unfit to serve as SOE.
She is ignorant!
Her vision the "For-profit private schools"! Again masquerading behind poverty!
what won your vote? The lack of knowledge of growth v. Proficiency, or knowing NC kids will be safe from Grizzleys?
I would characterize it as laughable if it weren't so serious. Her vision = gutting public schools. Disgraceful. #DumpDeVos
Hope there was a lot of talk about shooting those dangerous grizzly bears.
especially in North Carolina!
She doesn't know enough about education to have a "vision!" PLEASE vote NO. There are better people!
If by "lovely" you mean "so unprepared it's sickening" then we agree.
When does the committee vote on DeVos?We need someone that will support public education which is for ALL the kids. #DumpDeVos
- UNFIT TO SERVE- BOTH OF YOU.
lively is one way to put it
Schools need a change but don't ignore those with disabilities;Don't take away their rights. #IDEA #dyslexia
us as well. She is down right the worst choice! The grizzlies might be better.
She is unqualified! Please don't approve her. From NC constituent.
Senator Burr that was not a lively conversation at all. Mrs. DeVos clearly does not know what she is doing.
Yeah, that whole grizzly bear thing was hiLARious. But seriously her vision will destroy public education. @SenatorBurr @BetsyDeVos
"Lively?" C'mon... She knows nothing about our education system.
Her "vision" needs to be backed by experience, knowledge, and education - not just "commitment."
I offer you another choice. His platform, squirrel free classrooms. He is more qualified. #BrutusSecEdu!
.@SenatorBurr @BetsyDeVos you need to grill her like the others did. If you would, you would realize she is unquestionably unqualified!
what is your view on public education $ going to religious or private schools while allowing them to discriminate in enrollment
Lively? Sometimes I despair.
vote No to Devos
I hope you followed up by reviewing to the countless messages from your constituents. We have been calling you!
Lively is an understatement. Please put an end to this. DeVos is not qualified.
You can be serious! A child was shot in High Point today. I guess it was a grizzly
SUPPORT YOUR RIGHT TO ARM BEARS
And this is why I never voted for you. You refuse to listen to your constituents, and prefer to line your pockets instead.
By "lively" do you mean terrifyingly stupid?
clearly she is not capable of this position. She has no idea the why behind growth and proficiency.
She lacked a basic understanding of every aspect of the job and you  know it....this will be your legacy.
You're kidding, right?
Recuse yourself for conflict of interest.
I had to wrestle a bear today to save my kids.Please help us ur growth,I mean proficiency to get us guns in school
News reports say she has had great influence on MI schools, but their schools are mediocre, as are NC's, sadly.
DeVos didn't know federal laws or commit to equality.  She avoided simple question.  What exactly was her vision?  Think kids, not party.
http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/politics/news/a52357/betsy-devos-hearing/ … Grizzlies?? Grizzlies? What PLANET do you live on? IDEA is unknown to you??? #JOKE
no.  she doesn't even understand what is expected of her.   you didn't do your job questioning her.
She is unqualified and this support calls your judgment into question
does not even understand basic ideas of growth! Vote #notodevos
Hope that conversation showed how misguided her vision  is & exposed how unqualified she is for the job. #noDevos
how can you have lively discussion when @SenAlexander puts time limits on questions
You are glad that she displayed a total lack of knowledge about pubilc school education?


Richard Burr is putting $ over his constituents, and we won't forget!
Discussion requires 2+ parties. DeVos contributed nothing other than "I look forward to working with you on that."
please do not confirm. Please honestly look at her qualifications. Ask public school teachers for advice.
NC public school employees, students & families #denounce your support of #unqualified #ideologue @BetsyDeVos #gobacktoschool
Have you ever met a parent whose child receives services under IDEA? Her ignorance was STUNNING and disqualifying
Mrs DeVos does not seem to understand IDEA, has a hx of wanting to defund public ed, has no exp or credentials. Sad
please stop backing down to Democrates. They have destroyed this country for the last 8 yrs. enough is enough
Lively inasmuch as eyebrows got a workout being raised.. V concerned at you giving her clear ignorance such a pass.
regardless of how much Betsy DeVos donated to your campaign, she is truly and uniquely unqualified to be Sec of Ed
besides her $200 M, she has 0 credentials.  Are you blind or just a slave to the R party?
I guess the $200 million donated to the R party was just a coincidence.
gotta protect ourselves from the bears...Really? Wtf.
Are you HIGH??
Where does the bear gun go in the school?
What is her philosophy and mission statement?
.@SenatorBurr if by "lively" you mean "helpful in exposing her stunning absence of knowledge and qualifications" then yes, we agree.
please do not confirm this person. She purchased this nomination and is not qualified.
that one word for it #loadedforbear
