lol. Senator.  The President today revealed the existence of a "wire tap" on his phones prior to the election.
Will you release what the President's warrant was issued for?  You know the warrant..for the wire tap on trump tower?
Senator, I am sure you are aware..a warrant is issued and signed for this kind of surveillance.  Show us the paper trail please
With Trump's revelations now on the record, it's time for an Independent Prosecutor.  Today.  Today.  Today.
You were not forthcoming it seems.  There IS an investigation happening by law enforcement.  Trump confirmed it.
It's time for real americans to clean up the place.  Step aside.
Dr. Carson needs to be awakened, needs to wake up and smell the coffee cake. Carson speaks DeVonics as well as dear Betsy.
Fresh eyes and empty head. At least we can't connect him to Russia...yet.

Bi-partisan investigation into Trump/Russia!
U & both know he was appointed to dismantle. looking forward to removing U from office for voting yes; Carson, devos, Sessions,
you have sold the people of NC down the river!
This is a man that calls slaves immigrants? He's just another clueless Trump appointee. Shameful! @SenatorBurr
First Gentle Ben needs to bone up on his history...
"fresh eyes " is that code for unqualified ?
no, he won't!!! He is unfit for this office, as are all other #45 appointments.
Fresh eyes see slave ships as commuter traffic. He is a nightmare.
I don't thinking I would trust Carson's word about anything after his recent statements on slavery
By fresh, do you mean unqualified? #resist
- I don't have any experience in government, got a job for my fresh eyes.
- come on man you got to be effing kidding me. Immigrants in the bottom of slave ships. Give me a job I can do better then that
R U JOKING?
Fresh eyes that think slaves were refugees. Insanity rules the White House and Cabinet!
"Fresh" hooded eyes...
that's just a way to say he has zero experience
#russiagate Demand full investigation of #JeffSessions NOW.
Dr. Carson is unqualified. And clearly so r u if u can not #DoYourJob & investigate Russian ties to Trump campaign.
How about putting some fresh eyes on this.
I hope Carson uses that brain zapping technology he's been preaching about.
really?
Given his eyes can't read history, I'm not so sure their the eyes the American people should have looking at much of anything.
I seriously doubt this. Total lack of experience by Carson, biz as usual with Trump appointees. So sad.
How much did your vote/tweet cost him?
Sen. Burr's not running for reelection so y'all have no leverage for town hall or anything else. GOP is perfidious. #russiagate
What kind of B.S. is this? "US Senate calls on British spy Christopher Steele to give evidence ..."
perfect choice!  Fix the ACA.  Remember constituents, who VOTED 4 u, who are paying astronomical premiums due to the ACA.
et also. TodayjhRepublicans are weak and mean. (sorry）
What about the shit show with #Sessions？
Carson has zero qualifications for the position you sir need to pull your head out of your rear and do your job.
.@SenatorBurr going to leave this here until you make sense of trumps increase in defense spending. It's needed elsewhere
see you next tweet bub!
because he knows so much about it. We're putting you on notice. This is ur last term. #russiagate #RussianCongress #lockthemup
Really, why do you think this wasn't just another slap in the face by this illegitimate president. Where's your shame?
can you please put some fresh eyes on Trump-Russia-Sessions. What the hell is going on?
by "fresh" do you mean "completely unqualified"? #icallbs
can't wait till your up for reelection so you will be replaced with someone with "fresh eyes". Same goes for @ThomTillis
Dr.Carson will fail.  He knows about surgery not about hud.  Big mistake you will see!
Fine. First time a friend or student loses housing subsidies I'll be in touch pronto
not sure why you feel Dr Carson is qualified for this position. Starting to feel like you're not qualified for yours either!
your job, Senator Burr, is to study the Trump campaign-Russia connection with open, honest, inquisitive, fair eyes!!
Fresh eyes, that's rich.  In other words, he know nothing about running that department.
knows that Carson is not quailified to run this huge department, just like everyone else know before his confirmation.
You should stop covering for #JeffSessions because you will be next to be investigated
And please quit the rote line you use about the nominees. It may be polite but to someone who wants honesty, it is wrong.
I know someone runs 1 of the facilities overseen by HUD. She has less faith n Carson than u. She hopes he stays out of the way.
you need to step down from #oversight you've already been caught carrying water for the administration
@MSNBC @CNN @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi Senator Burr, when will your Constituents Town Hall be scheduled, for the ppl elected you?
We are talking about the man who said, he did not have qualifications 4 a cabinet position. Really why don't u lead?
I'm a 55 year old former nurse. I could also look at the housing policy with fresh eyes. Seriously: Is that how low the bar is?
Congress went after Bill Clinton for having sex in the Oval ofc, but I guess Sessions is OK? Double standard much?
fresh eyes that's always shut.
"I trust Jeff Sessions". Are you insane????? Is there a GOP anus you won't insert your nose in?!?!?? Please self immolate, Burr
