Richard you are starting to create a REAL legacy my fiend. Keep it up
As Mccrory did. An embarrassment to the state of NC
McCrory= terrible failure. i know Pat. I should say i knew him. Richard who I also know, hasnt been much better but he's redeeming himself
Him nor Tillis has redeemed themselves. They vote NO on healthcare maybe they will have a chance of redemption
stay tuned. Repeal & replace already voted down
But @SenatorBurr and @SenThomTillis voted Yes. They are not representing NC. They are doing what the OOMPA LOOMPA tells them
there are deep HC ties here in NC. lets see the final chapter as it gets written. That said, i hear ya
Can't wait for redistricting to be done. It's time to turn NC blue
Guilt
Speaking of leaving, when oh when will you rid us of Trump?  How much lower will he drag our country down before you do something?
Yeah we dont trust @SenatorBurr or @SenThomTillis to hold town halls to listen to their constituents. We say vote NO on healthcare.
Another lie. It's corrupt politicians like you who are the problem. Resign!
You should have made a stand with #McCain,#Collins and #Murkowski but you didn't.  Shame on you
And we should trust you after the way the Senate is acting on health care?
@ypegasus7 Funny that the current POTUS lies everyday , doesn't keep his campaign promises but it's ok with you not to call him out?rehires?
As your constituent, I personally don't trust DC with my taxpayer $$ because you'll "vote for anything," including taking away healthcare.
He doesn't care anymore, if he ever did, because he's not running for reelection.  Pretty gross.
Yeah, at least I can tell Tillis he might lose my vote. I've just been telling Burr's office that I'm embarrassed by his disgraceful tenure.
@SenThomTillis definitely will NOT get my vote
Are you going to vote for this healthcare bill? How can you justify this nonsense?
How much do the staffers who never answer your phones cost us? Can NC get a refund for them? What a joke.
I get answers. They say they'll pass the message along to the Senator (and he'll ignore it)
Theyve answered twice for me. Both times they asked my party affiliation before taking any message.
We don't trust you when you take huge contributions from special interests, corporations, and the wealthy. And then vote for a phony bill.
They also don't trust DC because y'all try to take away their health insurance and give tax breaks to the rich. Single payer is needed!
Koskinen needs to go.
Every penny poured into social security should b available 2 payee @ retirement if we pay into it...EVERY citizen should b part of program
THEN why hasn't he been fired.  Is IRS chief an apostle or something holy?
The GOP spent 7 years bashing Obamacare and had no replacement in hand. What a waste of money and you're concerned about this IRS issue? Sad
WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN DOING ABOUT IT.
No. Americans don't trust DC because our representatives are wholly owned by lobbyist. They have sold their souls and their votes.
We North Carolinians demand liars and cheats be removed from all layers of Government. Your statements here must apply too #25thAmendment
I am deeply ashamed of the representation you provide for the citizens of North Carolina. Party above country....everyone. shame on you.
He is one of Many that need to go! #DraintheSwamp
Please fire him! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
You stump for a wannabe dictator. Your term cannot end fast enough.
No that's not why but I can understand why you can't see the nose on your face.
No, people don't trust government cuz you "will vote for anything" #medicareforall
Really? Seriously? This? Do your job on #Russiangate. This is nothing in comparison.
Vote NO on Skinny or any Trump care
Protect people on Medicade
~ a constituent of yours
Wrong!  We don't trust you because you keep spending on yourselves and not for the good of the American people.  #KillTrumpcare
He needs to go. He is dirty.
Our lack of faith in gov't is directly related to you & your failure to represent the interests of your constituents, instead of $$ donors.
Which underscores the need for independent government councils, watch dogs. #CBOSCORE #CBO #Mueller
It's Republicans who put party over country is what make Americans mistrust Republicans, they know they R cheating us out of Healthcare !
If this were a medical exam there would be thorough tests done for the underlying extent of cancer, not just treating the surface wounds.
Maybe reevaluate your priorities. #doyourjob or #resign
Yet how many trips to play golf has Trump and entourage made on the taxpayer's dime?   And you say nothing - THAT is why we don't trust D.C.
Focus!! The skinny repeal still strips HC from 16 million. There are ideas to fix ACA on both sides! #dontbeheartless #voteNOonrepeal
Can I get a job with the IRS.
I don't trust you with my tax $$, sir, esp since you want to use them to give a tax cut to rich while ripping coverage away from millions.
Err no. We don't trust YOU. You're trying to rob taxpayers of their $$$ and give to the rich. Like Robin Hood. In reverse.
@realDonaldTrump @VP @tedcruz He needs to be fired. Lets do away with IRS all together by having a simple flat tax! http://youtu.be/2luYwTW3Y5Q 
And I can’t trust you with my healthcare so right back at you @SenatorBurr
This is precisely why Americans don’t trust DC with their taxpayer $$. Koskinen cannot leave fast enough for me. https://www.burr.senate.gov/press/releases/irs-watchdogs-report-finds-new-cases-of-repeated-hiring-abuses …
CHECK OUT.Why Clinton DNC Lynch and all in Obama Admin is covering up their Russian ties. They broke the law- jail time
Feel free to not use your sock puppet account. Or remember to add a photo or buy some followers next time.
Way more worried about Russians in the Oval and W Wing and the narc in chief threatening our safety
Of all the chaos unfolding in DC, this is what you comment on? I await your condemnation of #Kushner & #Trump (for everything)
How about doing what your constituents and rest of country want re healthcare, taxes and Russiagate
We don't trust DC because of people like you @SenatorBurr  #DoYourJob #ProtectOurCare Then #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
I no longer trust you. Stop tip toeing around Trump.
VOTE NO! On any and all Trumpcare!
Any press releases on the madness in the WH? Don't be complicit as our democracy and freedoms go down in flames.
you cant leave fast enough for me
And you cannot leave fast enough for me.
unfortunately we are stuck with this #douchenozzle until 2023.
Americans don't want their tax $$ to pay corrupt politicians. I don't care if D or R. Corruption needs to get the FCK out of D.C.
Fire him! Why does he still hold his post years after the Obama targeting of conservative groups?
I voted for you and support you Sen. Ignore the liberal critics. Defund PP, end O Care, fire Koskinen, build wall, and keep BOOMING ECONOMY
How about focusing on the #TrumpRussia investigation? When r u goin to stand up to Trump ask for his returns???
Thats old news get a life. No one  has to show taxes. Even if he did things wont change..duh! Start thinking
I'm sure it has nothing to do with the fact that we "elect" people like you to "represent" us...but you ignore us when you get to D.C. 
 You weasel! Killing AMERICANS  by taking away healthcare to give more $ to billionaires?!?! TRAITOR 
https://twitter.com/billkristol/status/890581541998387200 …
Why is ur focus on IRS instead of drug price negotiatns, lowering HC costs (my conventl chemo billed at $40K/round x 12) & #Trumprussia?
No Burr, this is just 1 small issue. You've proved who you are & we really don't like nor will accept your games w our tax $ and want $ back
So this is what you choose to talk about while all the other crap is going down?
Yes, definitely need to clean up Federal workforce...paying for lavish Mar a Lago trips with taxpayer $ is just as frustrating and wasteful
That's part of it. Now how's about this trumpcare clusterf**k?  Doesn't it make more sense to fix the aca probs than reinvent the wheel?
dude..it's fake conservatives who wont defend the president we elected from witchhunts,  that make us distrust DC
This is why Americans think having Richard Burr as a Senator is a waste of taxpayer $$.
It may be unconstitutional.
You guys can keep yelling about the IRS but until you ask the president to show his tax returns nobody cares, why don't you just resign?
Oh, it goes way beyond that. Isn't the income tax just temporary until WWII is over?
Funny I feel the same way about you.
Bravo 
Honestly he made it way too easy.
