So, you guys are STILL doing your investigation along with the Special Counsel?
Wow....there are a lot of investigations.
Keep digging, sir.
Be an American First and a Republican 2nd!
#impeachTrumpnow
Based on A NEWSPAPER ARTICLE!!!! BASED ON A MEMO NO ONE HAS EVEN SAW! YOU ALL SHOULD BE THROWN OUT ON YOUR ASSESS. WE CAN DO BETTER
You need to start supporting our president!
Thank you for doing your job!
Good! Now appoint an independent investigator! Truth can only help us at this point. Make it clear you are not complicit (and not afraid.)
You should be seeking impeachment. Period. This is a sham and a circus.
and i would like to see you seeking additional information from trump,please
Thank you sir. Now lighten your load, and join the call for an #IndependantInvestigation  and a #SpecialProsecutorNow
#resist
@SenatorBurr is an embarrassment to GOP voters by allowing Sen Warner to usurp leadership power of Sen Intel Committee Now all things Dem
@rlockrocks
Good!
How about you supena those tapes Trump tweeted about? Time to do your job or go home!
Thank you for pursuing this.  If it is for nothing more than our national sanity, it is worth it.
Country over party! Thanks for what you do.
How about you pressure the DOJ for an Independent prosecutor.
Thank God you're doing your job.
I hope Senator Warner holds your feet to the fire and we get an independent investigation into this disastrous administration.
And what will you do about Flynn's refusal of committee's supboena? Legally he must comply or risk prosecution.
@batterman_terri 2bad for U..shouldve thought about that before caving 2special prosecutor.. guess now u get 2go back 2pretending ur working
why don't you give Americans additional info on your own Putin-oil company $$ ties?
Seeks? How about Demand information?  Get to the truth and do not delay. Time is important to our country and the people who live here.
You need to do better to protect our democracy. Enough protecting party,  country first. I'm disappointed in you.
Well....with the Special Counsel.... Comey won't testify now.
Not in public anyway.
Your constituents want to see you really get to the bottom of this Russia/Trump matter. And are watching closely. Put country before Party.
If you represent the system of gov. but won't allow the President to be subject to the processes of checks & balances what does that say?
Thank you, @SenatorBurr.  You are doing a great service to our country.
@SenatorBurr is a full-fledged member of @POTUS's #TeamTreason, 
 @GOP @USAGSessions @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @VP @Cabinet @StateDept
@POTUS LEAKED CLASSIFIED INFO 2 RUSSIA @WhiteHouse. 
CLEAR & PRESENT DANGER
GRAFT & CORRUPTION
OBSTRUCTION & TREASON  #trumprussia
IMPEACH IMMEDIATELY 
I AM TERRIFIED
great you requested comey memos WHAT ABOUT TRUMP TAPES
RUSSIAN MONEY WILL BRING THE LOT OF YOU  DOWN!
Thank you
I want to see all of his memos!  The Liar!!
Subpoena! Get to the bottom of this! There is way too much smoke for there not to be some sort of fire.
Riding on turtles back to get this done it seems
When requesting Comey memos you MUST request ALL memos relating to Clinton's investigations as well!
Change seek to subpoena and then retweet
Good. Keep going.
Only 2 wks after fired?! He was required to report this Title 18 USCode 4.Obstruction requires INTENT.. Espionage Act has NO intent required
It is not up to the NYT to do your job. You need to get the document because you are CHAIRMAN of the Senate Intel Committee. Country first!
@nytimes wrote article @FBI  cleared #Flynn 1/24/17 THREE WEEKS BEFORE #ComeyMemo #COMEYDINNER
The never trumpets are trolling but the people who voted him in office see this crap for what it is.
I really hope Sen. Burr isn't trying to save his friends in the Democrat party and sticks to facts.
You are letting the Democrats control you! If you can't see this then we elected the wrong person for the Senate. Show some backbone!
PROTECT OUR PRESIDENT!!!! COMEY IS A LIAR
Richard, Trump was chosen by the people not Congress or by you. The people are not supporting the Russian allegations and etc.
Better late than never. Thank you. Pls set up independent bipartisan investigation into Russia allegations #russiagate #ImpeachTrumpPence
please please get the traitors out
Great start, but it seems time for subpoenas.  #IndependentInvestigation is needed as well.
investigation into your own party for the murders Seth rich,Shawn Lucas, John Ashe and Victor Thorn so look into this first sir
It's obvious we have either a Russian agent (or a useful idiot) in the WH. Whether you believe/admit it or not--a large % of your voters do.
Don't seek. Subpoena! And how about an #IndependentInvestigation by a #SpecialProsecutor while you're at it?
This thing is not going away, no delays please!
Subpoena
Comey knew what was up w/HRC decision. He's part of a cover-up that seemingly ev1 but Congress knows abt. (Or is complicit in.)
when this all comes out, hopefully you will realize what you've done and be ashamed. I doubt it, but you should be. #Impeach
How abt looking into the murder of Seth Richards? And y'all wonder why congress approval rates are at rock bottom.
Thanks Richard. What happens if and when we the people lose faith in our government? Please let's clear the air.
"seeks"? or "subpoenas"?
.@SenatorBurr  Please, we do NOT have the luxury of time sir. People/ Assests are going to get KILLED by this WH!
Wish we could trust you to do what is best for the country.
You sounded yesterday, again, as if you are more concerned with retaliating against leakers than the content of the leaks.
Thank you for pursuing this investigation!  Our faith in our democracy has to be
restored!  The president and the WH are a worldwide joke!
Stop letting corrupt MSM, DRats, play you! They throw lies,out 2see what sticks! Time 2get behind @POTUS or U pay dearly in next election!
Comrade Burr? @JournalNow @theobserver @newsobserver @NCDemParty "We Pledge Allegiance to Putin" http://tiny.cc/mpu2ky  #TrumpRussia #Trump
Can we get this going!?!  He is about to embarrass us on the world stage in a major way in the Middle East.
Did you see this post on Trump Jr's feed today? He appears to confirm convo but that it meant Obstruction ..... #TwitterIsForever
Better late than never but your hesitation screams #complicit .@SenatorBurr
Didn't Obama share classified info with Russia in Syria?  What say you?
Please follow through to the full extent of the law. We need ALL the info; US citizens are feeling unsafe and uncertain.
Asking for info is great and all, so thank you, but the only way to guarantee results is a subpoena. Do it now! We need answers!
 Moving in the right direction
Thank you, but send subpoena for Comey memos. The FBI wants it to be official.
#Comey will not testify without being subpoenaed. Subpoena him! #Tatiana
