https://twitter.com/euvsdisinfo/status/913675020152565760 … @MarkWarner
"When Trump became a candidate, we received orders to only give him positive coverage”, the source told. https://euvsdisinfo.eu/corruption-and-disinformation-backstage-at-russian-television/ …
Great, if there are no meaningful tax cuts given the inaction on ACA and the "wall" there will be many new faces after the primaries for the next election
Wow! Can't wait to get my $500. How much relief will you get? People want to know!
No to tax cuts for all you dishonest politicians that we the people will have to pay for. #notaxcutsfortherich
A  M  E  R  I  C  A  N   S  
             A R E
N  O  T       S  T  U  P  I  D
             SIR

Your bill is crap.  #Resist  #TrumpTaxScam
I like the idea of simplicity BUT NOT the huge giveaways to the wealthy. Disingenuous. Disheartening. We can do better.
this "tax reform" is really a politically correct way to legalize the death penalty for the poor, elderly and disabled. health/tax combo
Not when you're using it as an excuse to cut Medicare and other health programs that will suddenly not have enough money to fund.
How's it working for Kansas? Let's reduce taxes for poor and middle class, but not the 1%'ers. Quick robbing the poor to pay for the rich
When are you going to pass  balanced budget amendment?
Ah hell your buddy Mitch McConnell cannot get anything passed. All to do about nothing. Get paid and not do any work is our Senate
I don't trust Republicans to help middle and lower income people.
I Agree! GOP lie and corruption have been destructive to the American majority!
I’m impressed by how grossly incompetent you are when it comes to being a Senator. You’re an absolute embarrassment to our state.
Will harm NC residents in middle class wage brackets
We would appreciate a senator who says it like it is. You are wanting to lower tax on rich b/c you believe in the insane trickle down idea.
We can disagree (or think you're insane), but would at least believe you were truthful. Instead, you come across a bold face liar.
Just say "we're taking money from poor and mid class b/c we think richer top 1% benefits all." You would look dumb but honest.
Please lower or remove the Estate Tax! It is very important that my wealth over $5.5mil when i die is NOT taxed when given to my children!
I do hope you're being sarcastic.
lol yes, very. To think this is a real concern for anyone, enough to sway Republicans into using it in policy, is craaaazy...yet here we are!
As a senator, your actions not only impact those you represent but the rest of the people of the USA. Evidently, higher taxes on us is ok.
Sen. Burr: its a tax cut for your wealthy pals only. No poor need apply.. We need2see Trumps tax retrns.What about $5,902,968. U got fm NRA

Time's up: Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) just expired at midnight, as Congress failed to vote to renew. Healthcare for 9 million children now in grave doubt: http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-chip-funding-20170929-story.html …
Trickle Down Economics is a fraud on the taxpayers.  Doing away with AMT doesnt help middle class. All we need is W2 withholding on 1099 inc

FACEBOOK COLLUDED WITH HILLARY CLINTON!  PROOF!

I HOPE MUELLER IS SEEING THIS!
Doesn't help anyone significantly except very rich. ESTATE tax helps millionaires ONLY. You don't care about farmers! LIAR #treason $uck$
yes, senator. it is about time the top 1% gets more. those poor souls have suffered so much, just isn't fair to them
Maybe the GOP who do not agree with Trump should speck up.   Tax reform is a house of lies: http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2017/09/tax_reform_is_one_big_lie.html?wpsrc=sh_all_dt_tw_top … … … via @slate
This reform will hurt the middle class and, as usual for @GOP, enrich the wealthy.
Of course you are, your rich
GOP tax reform is exact same plan that used in Kansas that ruined their economy-
The cost to pay among other things is the loss of several programs that really help families esp. children . So disgusted with your party.
What about if Congress cuts expending?
The limited information  on your tax cut is a rerun of the same old REP crap. Cut taxes for the rich, pennies to the poor debt to next Gen
The working poor need the biggest tax break. They will put 100% back into the economy.
Repugnants will use slight of hand to convince you giving more to the affluent will flow down to you. Their river overflows yours dry up!
People live check to check not due to tax code but because Repugnants allowed the affluent to drain more and more of Nation's wealth to them
No. The framework only benefits the rich; This is not in the interest of the people of NC or the US, vote against this.
from what I have read this reform does not help ppl living from paycheck to paycheck especially w/ increase in lowest bracket from 10 to 12%
Your statement has nothing to do with truth. The ambiguous "plan" gives tax cuts to the wealthiest, at the expense of the working class.
You have an opportunity. Do not squander it by listening only to your donors. Run the scenarios 30K, 20K, 100K. Consider cost of living.
So I will pay more taxes but that's ok because a rich person, who pays less, can hire me now to make up the difference on weekends?
Moore's election shows people can overcome the impact of Big Money and Smear Campaigns in elections, true in NC?  Build Wall, repeal ACA, cut taxes and don't worry.  Get it done.
Yeah hey, we're all still sore about your healthcare vote. How's about you make 45 release his returns and then we'll talk, hm?
when will the new tax forms that say "I win!" on them be available? I want to get out of paying taxes just like the rich folks do...
Radical wealth redistribution upwards to the people that need it the least is an attack on the working people of N.C.
please help Puerto Rico. Americans are suffering.
Thank you Senator Burr for all you do for our state and country!
Many Americans were living unemployment check to unemployment check 6yrs ago. Why did the .@GOP wait until now to introduce legislation?
The GOP ruined NC. Bunch of good ole boys love power and money. We are no longer 
a democracy in NC.
You're just a trump mouthpiece. You are what's wrong with USA.
Trickle down didn't work with Reagan and it won't work now.
Trickle down doesn't work cuz the 1% are hoarders.
Burr, you're just one of the filthy rich. Money from selling out citizens of NC. Of course you support yourself getting tax break.
Vote no on this tax reform! It’s bad for Americans!
You're reprehensible. This doesn't help the middle class. It's one big tax break for the rich, who already receive benefits with deductions.
Really?  I see nothing in the "plan" that accomplishes what you and GOP are claiming as goals.  Remember when GOP cared about the deficit?
Yeeaah, "If you would just release the final tax tables" that would be great. EVERYTHING the GOP does is last minute #secret
"This is trickle down economics and I'll benefit" 
Fixed it for you.
Money made by money "capital gains" should = money made by working "income". Right now it's BS. Address that
Low unemployment but stagnant wages. Low emp rate should elevate wages. Why not now?  Tax break for big corp will not elevate wages.
Liar mobster traitor! #trumprussia #treason = ugly hateful multifaceted attack on US! SHAME on you, Nothing patriotic about being a traitor!
How does ending the Estate Tax for the wealthiest of the wealthy help working middle class people in NC? It does not.
Show us the details. Have some town halls. Listen to our questions and concerns.
You bloviate as much as Trump. Pompous feel-good words. Do you guys all use the same phrase generating software? Can't you speak honestly?
@SenatorBurr Your constituents would like to know how this will help the poor & middle class. That's right. It won't. Typical GOP politics 
This would gut services for poor, working and middle class Americans to give rich people at tax break. Balloon the deficit too. C'mon man.
Great!  Glad u r working & not "talking NFL"!  Reality=sweet!
Tax cuts for the wealthiest are not the way to improve American lives
Sorry but u also are on the wrong side of understanding taxes and the tax code. Reaganomics does not and did not work. Read the studies.
Thank you for supporting this important tax bill. People may not be able to see it now but it will do wonders for our economy &  create jobs
Yeah... I can't see how
Trumps tax reform is a joke and you sir are a joke but I'm too pissed to laugh
Anything associated with Trump is a joke, an unfunny joke.
So tired of your BS statements...NC deserves more...yes I vote!!!!
No tax reform if it’s going to raise poor people’s taxes. Need to see Trump’s returns first, too.
So why are the richest getting the biggest cuts? Bush tax cuts of 2001/3 did not create more revenue. You're blowing up the deficit. Selfish
What does this's have to do with Puerto Rico?
Eliminating medical expenses from tax deductible categories is a big negative for Seniors. Doubling standard deduction does not offset it...
You're talking out of both sides of  your mouth, man. The old theories that GoP has shilled for decades has been disproved
Did I miss this? did you lower middle class tax rate?And did u put in plain English,no cut to medicare&medicaid to pay for this cut to corps
Soooo trickle down helps north carolina how? Ohh lines the pockets of you and your rich friends
Do you think you're capable of getting anything done??!!  or any of the republicans in congress??
Shorter version: "I'll support any tax cut for the rich that GOP sends and say a few things no one believes about it helping middle class"
Ur on the take from DEMs .google Richard Burr scandals. Crook crook crook
Susan Collns has a bigger set of balls than you and @senthomtillis.
I'm a constituent. Please explain the math that justifies these statements. It's unclear that the proposed plan does what you say. #NC05
You’re so full of it.  Where were you on affordable heath care for the taxpayer?
Can you please give us an example of when trickle-down economics has worked? Maybe Gov Brownback can help you think of one.
How exactly do you find this reform helps the middle class?
After blindly voting for rushed dishonest cruel #GrahamCassidy bill that would have jeopardized health care for millions, hard to trust you
Help me understand how it will help hard-working people to take away the state & local tax deductions.
Corp rate needs to be 15% or how are we competitive?
Please prioritize emergency aid to #PuertoRico & USVI. A friend of mine just shared her aunt there died w/lack of food and water as factors.
4)I'm well educated on this, and will educate North Carolinians on it. It's shameful to support this 'welfare-for-the-wealthy' #taxbill .
If you really want to revolutionize the tax code, be bold Sen. NO taxes on any working person up to $100,000. THAT will lift our tax burden.
BTW - HOW ARE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ENJOYING YOUR GOLD STAR HEALTH INSURANCE PLAN.  YOU KNOW, THE ONE THE TAXPAYER PAYS FOR???
With all due respect  @SenatorBurr either the Dems or the Reps are lying.   How do we figure out which it is?  FACTS
You won't get away with this SHAM OF A GOP PLAN BURR!  
3)The money given to $Millionaires for Estate & "AMT" tax breaks will come from the Midde-class, Working poor, Medicare, & Medicaid. #Shame
This plan is better named "How To Screw The Other 95%".
NC voter here..your job is under scrutiny!!!
Don't tell me, let me guess. Big breaks for HUGE CORPS who DON'T CREATE JOBS & middle class gets screwed. Am I close Burr?
Will you fight to protect the state/local tax deduction to help out millions of hard-working North Carolinians?
The government lets you keep the first $5 million when you die.  Is that not enough for you?
Raise taxes on top 2% and when the national debt is paid off and services are funded that help people, then we can have this conversation!
Your GOP tax plan is A COMPLETE SHAM and every American with a brain in their head knows it Burr!
2)Alternative Minimum tax "AMT" only applies to $Millionaires that AVOID paying ordinary income tax thru stock & real estate investments
Oh, Richard. Trickle down economics didn't work with Reagan & it won't work now. This tax reform will only benefit the wealthy.
#FairTax is the only true tax reform. There are more consumers than employees.  Common sense reform not political BS.
1)Estate taxes only apply to married folks with $11million+/single $6m+. They can afford to buy life insurance to cover the taxes.
You're being dishonest about this

Also, there should be zero effort on tax reform until 45 releases his tax returns.
It seems to only benefit the rich!  Your rich donors !!
What about the giant amount of additional debt burden it will cause?  Growth will not cover the losses in any way except in the imagination
I don't care.  HELP PUERTO RICO NOW, YSTERDAY.
How is it helpful for the bottom bracket tax payers to have their taxes increased from 10% to 12%? Please explain that.
Please do. It has to be one of the dumbest attempts at screwing middle America ever. You represent us. Vote against this.
No tax reform until we see the President's tax returns. We have a right to know how he will personally benefit/his businesses benefit.
No more tax cuts for the wealthy. Trickle down economics doesn't work.
Lol. You guys continue to try to govern with your lunatic POTUS. Not gonna happen. #ImpeachTrump
Dumping tax brackets doesn't simplify anything. And this whole thing is  huge giveaway to the rich. You guys are the worst.
How the hell can you expect Americans to buy into tax reform if Trump doesn’t release his own tax returns?

The man is a goddamn fraud.
Actually its time to fix our broken government.
