Your #1 job is to lead a thorough investigation into serious Trump/Russia collusion.  Didn't you take an oath to uphold const?
oh and he promised the coverage would be better, not worse... another apparent lie.
you need to work with Dems & get healthcare correct. there are a 100 very smart members of the Senate It's complicated not impossible. do it
NO!! You must #VoteNoAHCA
Agree we need a fix. This isn't it. Why are tanning salons and insurance CEOs favored? #peopleoverparty
rather than these platitudes, please explain how it covers more people with better care for less money (as promised)
yes, @SenatorBurr please explain how this plan helps working families??
And tax break for rich and exorbitant premiums for older folks. Do you support that?
CBO analysis, inclusion of Medicaid expansion, replace income based subsidy no gap penalty good next step
The GOP healthcare plan needs to work harder at gaining coverage for sick Americans and less at lining the pockets of insurers
your plans is Horrible!!! Vote Republicans Out!
From your words to your constituents ears...enabling our insane clown president....
Costly is expecting us to eat the costs of unpaid ER/hospital bills from folks unwilling to pay insr like the rest of us do!
Appears Rep plan will help the rich most, hurt the poorest most and end coverage for the most needy. That doesn't bother you?
It doesn't bother him because it doesn't affect him. He could care less about us here in The Bathroom State.
It's a first step to give the wealthy big tax cuts while hurting those at the bottom who need help. Transfer of wealth upward.
What happens to caretakers of family members who can't work but save insurance companies millions?Where is our health coverage?
The President promised to lower costs to consumers, coverage for all, and no cuts to Medicare and Medicaid.  All lies?
no, it's not.  It is a piece of junk that will hurt millions of Americans.
sad commentary when considering just how bad your package is
We said REPEAL. Not recycle Obamacare. Are you listening???? REPEAL. REPEAL. REPEAL. The House Bill is Obamacare II. REPEAL
No it's a TERRIBLE bullshit idea for the people, people you SERVE!!
NO. NO. NO. It is a farce. It is simply Obamacare modified. REPEAL.  REPEAL.  REPEAL.  REPLACE.. ARE you listening to us????
Obanacare, while not perfect, is infinitely superior to this disaster called TrumpCare.
This "replacement plan" says nothing about controlling health care costs. But why would you care? You get to keep your plan.
Trump so far...broken promises, higher costs, less coverage,for poor and elderly. Tax breaks for rich.
get government out of health care before we all die waiting to get into a VA hospital
The house plan is a pile of horse shit meant to serve corporations, not people. The #RESISTANCE will defeat it.
wonder if I could sue the Federal Gov't for ageism? This bill clear targets those middle aged unemployed or under employed!thx
how does this plan cover more people.
are you serious??? This plan is a sad and pitiful joke on 63 million people who votes for the GOP.
My husband & I are new to NC. Very disturbed you think this is in any way a replacement of Obama Care. Far from it!!!!
it is a first step toward taking healthcare away from 15M citizens. #improvedon'treplace
have you lost your mind
No, it's not. It's Obama care lite.  Tired of you guys not following through. Full repeal now. Support @RandPaul plan
.@SenatorBurr why don't you let your constitutes read and respond according to  what's best for their families? NOT GOP/INSURANCE COMPANIES
. I'm so tired of you pretending you care about NC. Go find someone to line your pockets you do that best
But it leaves your plan in place. Since I pay for yours, I want to repeal it. Too costly for sure.
. @SenatorBurr Aaron Burr only killed one person. If you vote to approve this you will kill hundreds.
. @SenatorBurr no. You can't say you are pro life and end maternity coverage.
Burr retiring and leaving NC is a good first step to providing relief from career politicians pretending to serve NC.
don't knot it unless the new plan is better, how many folk have you talk to on ACA and medicaid to see how its working for them
At least your rich donors will be pleased. And that's all that really matters, right?
No... just a good first step to more lining of your pockets.
No, it isn't. It's terrible!!! #single payer #Medicareforall
Are you kidding?  Unless you're an insurance co or a rich man, this plan costs more for everyone with inferior coverage
you do remember you work for us, the people of North Carolina and not insurance companies, right ?
He forgot us long ago.
by making insurance companies rich. Thanks for nothing
You are government bureaucracy! Can we get relief from you?
Keep ACA, make necessary adjustments. No repeal.  Shifting cost from low income citizens to rich increases income gap not fair
Burr staff. You are the ones reading these responses. Make sure your boss knows these are REAL North Carolinians and we VOTE
by good first step you mean increasing the spend?  Please tell me how something the costs more, yet provides less, is better?
What are you going to do with your new tax breaks??  I bet you're excited!!
do you hear us at all?  Do you hear the parents of disabled kids screaming at you to fight for us for once?
you mean the gutting by the GOP? Why don't you worry about Trump's obvious ties to Russia and leave the ACA alone.
That's insulting. They are not obvious.
I guess we'll have to look harder. Thanks for the heads up lol
Those Least able to pay @SenatorBurr will pay more or have higher out of pocket and the more affluent will get tax breaks. Not #Christian
No, it's not. Please listen to the people of North Carolina.   You seem have to forgotten us....
I can't wait for you to retire.
tax credits approach skew help to highest brackets; not realistic in meeting services demand; high brackets not needing help
house proposal opens more problems than solves; does it repeal medicare? If so, non-starter;
the only people it relieves are the insurance co. execs. Listen to your constituents.
Blah Blah Blah.  Wonder when you're actually going to do something.  Question:  Did you get that post from Mitch?
I think 12 years of your stewardship of NC is enough. You're looking out for the $$, not our best interest.
house plan is trash
cut taxes for the rich, raise premiums on the elderly and cut subsidies for the poor and middle class. What relief?
what does this mean to people with disabilities?
.@SenatorBurr lol
you're as insane as @realDonaldTrump, did you read the bill?
how about the GOP promise not to deny insurance to those who currently have it? Seems like you're planning to break that one.
yeah, right, likely at greater federal expense, worse accessibility and for you very rich folks, lower taxes.
the 30% penalty outlined in ยง2711 is still a "costly mandate." Also, the age-based tax credits are deliberately regressive.
less govt more personal responsibility. Tax credits = income redistribution. Needs insurance competition across state lines.
The GOP will WEAR this ! PEOPLE WILL DIE as a result of your choices. ALL GOP will be held responsible
Worst NC senator ever!  You plan on throwing in a pay raise for yourself when it reaches the Senate.  How's your Russian inv?
Our Russian investigation is going great. Thank you for your interest!
Well speak of the devil, I mean comrade, I mean overlord, I mean friend.
no it doesn't and u know it doesn't.  it caters 2 the rich &will cost people more money. when r u going to have a town hall?
DO NOT CONTINUE YOUR GOP SCARE POLITICS. INVESTIGATE TRAITOR TRUMP ASAP. GOP PANDERING IS DISGRACEFUL.
it's a transfer of benefits from those who have a need to those who don't. I vote in your district so forward this staff 28625
Seems to favor the rich, the insurance companies. doesn't look good on you. #ACA
LOL, you're kidding, right?
We want a govt health insurance choice, like Mediciad, that we each pay for on a sliding scale based on our income.
you sicken me
it looks like this is going to leave millions without coverage! how is this a good first step?
Not that anyone will ever hire you again. Traitor.
can't figure out why Democrats won't work together to make it better for all Americans.
#GOPISTHENEWISIS presents insurance plan, #GOPDONTCARE /#TrumpDontcare, u pick! Way 2 line ur pockets on backs of constituents
instead of mandate fine going to gov to pay back into gov resources, 30% surcharge goes to insurance company profits
But not for poor or elderly or truly sick. It's going to be interesting when spending limit is reached before chemo ends.
Wow! Isn't that the pot calling the kettle black. Why are you so happy to take healthcare from 30 million Americans? #ACA
it better be the first step because other than killing the penalty it is a joke
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
