I am also pleased that @stevenmnuchin1 has committed to cleaning up abuses at the IRS.
Americans have been struggling under a stagnant economy for too long.
The Treasury Sec. is an essential member of the economic team and I look forward to working with him to get our economy back on track.
The swamp is already overpopulated by this and all the  other inappropriate nominees.
You're confidant n every nominee. It shows not much of a high bar or support 4 GOP vs. America.
Thank you.
That's all well and good...have you thought to utilize Intel. Comm.to investigate Russian infiltration of our democracy?
shame on the man who forclosed on veteran homes just to make a buck! WINNING
Thankfully God sent DEMS!!
Qualifications? He is a Financial Terrorist. Goals matter more than qualifications.
Wow!  Makes me feel confident too.  Did Mitch tell you it was OK to say that.
Clean the wax out of your ears, we're NOT confident in Mnuchin OR you!
In the words of Daveed Diggs: "You are the worst, Burr".
Sadly his qualifications don't benefit the average American citizen....
I'm NOT confident in your judgement, Mr DeVos water carrier.
So foreclosing on millions of homeowners and profiting from that makes you confident?  Disgrace!
lol, your phony sincerity is truly pathic.
don't his ethics concern you? What about "forgetting" about millions of off shore $$?
you tend to agree with  Trump's picks. Can't wait unti Nov 6 re-election tine. Update resume
Confident in his qualifications...to send even more wealth from hardworking lower & middle classes up to the 1 percent? Agreed.
@sandi_childs @GOPSenFinance @stevenmnuchin1 we are not! have you been listening?
His qualifications to foreclose on the USA?  The swamp is stinking. So much for little guy.
I'm not sure the thousands people he foreclosed on and robbed have your same confidence in him
Congrats, I guess u didn't ask about the grandmothers foreclosed on by his company. Sad. #CongressDoYourJob
the foreclosure king eh? I'm sure he'll make life easier for those struggling big banks.
.  your vetting process is  simple - they are qualified if Republican. How sad.
based on your total lack of independence, your confidence doesn't inspire much on my part
you continue to disappoint.  Next time your up for election your out
you're out
u would be satisfied with any answer from any republican
How much money did he say he'll give you?
Good God, man. HE IS THE SWAMP. Robosigning, illegal foreclosures, corrupt Wall Street ethics.
We sure Mnuchin will screw the rest us like he screwed all the home mortgage defaults.  Look forward to it. Hope you like it.
Not reassuring from after Devos & Sessions vote. Keep ignoring your constituents at your peril.
SHAME ON THE REPUBLICAN PARTY! DO YOUR JOB!
Not even surprised by ur level of corruption anymore. Why even bother to tell us? Do u see anyone who is happy in your replies?
You are our "representative". Publish your tally sheets on constituent viewpoints, show us that you are doing your job.
.@SenatorBurr How many ppl foreclosed by Mnuchin would have been too many for you you vote against him? 30,000 people clearly not enough...
Well actions speak more than words, how easily you sell your soul
Ur confident in his ability 2 swindle All the American people like Mnuchin did with his bank!
are you going to do a town hall this weekend? If so where I would like to proves I am a constituent not a ddos attack.
you're a bad hombre
it doesn't bother you that he practiced fraudulent foreclosure practices? I find this alarming
When are you scheduling town halls?  Would love this explanation in person
We are confident that you are a fraud, a crook and a sellout. You work for us!
when is your townhall scheduled?
I'm going 2 put this as politely as I can. You Sir are an ignoramus. I have magic beans for sale
Coming from you that mean swat! Just another swamp dweller!
But, see, you lost all credibility with yr support of DeVos. Can't trust you now.
.@SenatorBurr @GOPSenFinance @stevenmnuchin1 He foreclosed on a 90-yr-old woman for being short 30 cents. How did that help anyone but him?
when will you question Trump's ethics and conflicts of interest #DoYourJob
He knows how to move money from the poor to the rich, so he's qualified!
So you were good with his falsehoods about robo-signings? Just so we're clear, lying to congress is OK now?
.@hertel_will a @SenatorBurr staffer told me "he did his job, he showed up and voted." Apparently he's confused what his job is.
Not feeling very hopeful that ex-Goldman Sachs official plans to put the average American first.
your constituents don't agree. Once again you disappoint.
uh....I was in the mtg ind during the meltdown & he was evil.  I am a constituent & voter in nc.
This is not what NC folks wanted. This is not draining the swamp. You need to be replaced.
Shame on you for supporting him. I live in NC and you do not represent me.
his only "qualifications" are stealing houses from elderly widows and poor people
how is it that I can find this shit after 5 minutes of google but u couldn't find 1 reason to turn him away after a hearing??
are you that afraid of working that you're just going to approve every millionaire that Trump throws at you
Absolutely! I've been paying a 34%tax rate too long! Go to work @stevenmnuchin1 ! God speed!
what did you ask him?  his favorite color?
your constituents do not agree. U choose not to listen. #doyourjob
We want to see Trump's taxes! We want Flynn investigated! We want a Townhall!
Wow! That sure makes me feel better!
You are only for making yourself and your friends wealthier at the expense of the Everyman.
Goodness that's great news, I'm so reassured.  After confirming DeVos,  no worries.  #GetAClue
you continue to disappointment. You are NOT doing what is best for our country!
. @SenatorBurr @GOPSenFinance @stevenmnuchin1 how much did he donate to you? That seems to be the only qualification you care about.
is getting some good oral munchin' @GOPSenFinance @stevenmnuchin1
What's that saying, You broke it, you bought it.  Cause that is what U have done to the US Gov.
630 days until Midterm elections.  Time for the people to get out and vote.
of course you are. Party before country or state as usual
He is not qualified. Terrible choice. Stop enabling the Russian puppet! Investigate!
AWESOME!!!! now that's  out of the way maybe you can find time to answer some constituent calls?
The Goldman-Sachs Cabinet. How’s that whole “Draining the Swamp” going?
Burr can't drain his own bathtub without Trump's approval. Nov 6 is coming
You continue to be a disappointment. My father says you have a brain and a conscience. I haven't seen either.
As a constituent, you voted against what your folks want in every decision thus far.
dude is a scam artist
How can you sleep at night? Lies or is it alternative truth?
It's giving Zero Fucks about Americans!  #TellTheTruth #ReplaceHim #Coward #Selfish
To complete the efforts of turning America into a Renter-Nation of serfs. A neo-feudal state.
Putting more foxes in the henhouse. #SHAME
