use your power to reduce class sizes and funding to public schools - not toe the party line.  #StopDeVos
Well, she sure bought your vote. Let us constituents eat cake.
I would like to know how voter input went on this issue. Release the numbers of for & against Devos in comments by people of NC
But that's not happening,is it? No tweets to you approved of herb so what about calls? Your arrogance is insulting.
They will not answer the phone. We have been ignored by our elected officials!
we're all wasting our breath. He doesn't care what we think. Disgraceful.
so much for the President of the people. your constituents are begging you to listen to us. Vote NO!
ZERO experience, she is the epitome of unqualified. She thinks grizzly bears will attack kids. DISGUSTING. SHAMEFUL.
but DeVos charter schools in her state have lower scores than public schools. DeVose is not the answer.
Make the right decision because it is RIGHT. Stop lying to us and yourself - DeVos is wholly unqualified and you know it.
.@SenatorBurr the audacity!  How many times did you speak up while the NCGA made attempt after attempt to dismantle public ed in NC?
The for-profit education that DeVos wants is terrible for the poor. Please don't do this to our country.
Which is precisely why DeVos has no business being the Sec of Education. It simply does not stack up! Be better than this Sen!
YOU ARE NOT LISTENING SIR. #ConflictOfInterest  It's your last 6 years - wouldn't you like to leave a legacy of integrity?
So exactly how do you think DeVos will improve the situation? What does she know about public education? Really?
my students get an education on par with any charter school.  I pour my heart and soul into my work #StopDeVos
shame on you you sellout for our children- hope you are in our history books as a shame
#NotoDeVos
Senator, this NC resident is disappointed in your lock step votes for unqualified nominees. DeVos is a bad choice.
As a highly qualified, advanced degree holding, NBCT, with among highest test scores in your low paying state I'm offended!
but... grizzlies! -DeVos
She is not the answer.  Look for a John Dewey, not someone who showed how ignorant she is about the post.
You are an enemy of Education! You are an enemy of the people. Be ready for extreme backlash!
and she has zero experience and has never sent a child through the public education system. Are you just carrying the water?
if you cared one iota about NC children you would not support DeVos. #telling
she gave you a pretty nice contribution Senator. You're letting down NC and America. #DeVos bought your vote. Shame on you.
Then encourage @POTUS to nominate someone w/ actual education experience
@Mike_Beacham it seems to grow worse by the year.
you sir took money from DeVos. You are a puppet. You fail in your modest take to put NC children first.
.@SenatorBurr So let's support public schools and the Common Core, instead of siphoning funding off to private voucher schools.
, I am very disappointed. I watched the interviews for Ms. DeVos, found her to be unprepared, lacking knowledge and w/no plan!
She's incompetent as a leader of education, vote yes for her, I vote no for you
Wow. Thanks for throwing all of us hard-working NC educators under the bus. We provide an education that "stacks up" everyday!
In NC that really comes down to poor choices made by the state. No hope that Feds can help, only hurt.
What are you saying that you didn't receive many calls about #DeVosvote?
@NCGOP Burr you're fired for incompetence and dereliction of duty. We are the people. You were hired to serve.
Turned your back on #NC #publiceducation over private & charter schools. We wont forget. Your dismissive response was pathetic.
our public system has been starved. This vote continues that. Our children deserve more than politics. #noDevos
, politics aside, she is unqualified in EVERY way. You know this. Don't let careerism & her $ blind you! Vote #NoToDeVos!!!
, aaaaand #DeVos, who has #ZERO public school experience is the answer?!  No!  Vote #NotoDeVos!  #NCDeservesBetter!!!
too much time has passed allowing this thin skinned river goblin to vote on legislation
success and failure are not the sole responsability of teachers, parents have to do their part, students have to care as well
let,s not forget the role parents and students play in their own education
are you talking about NC?  And how will @BetsyDeVos help us?
Too much time has passed where public schools haven't been FULLY FUNDED. But yes, take more money from us. #schoolchoice
you created that horrid no child left behind over testing nightmare, only fair that you fix it. DeVos is rich volunteer only.
This is exactly why so many educators are leaving our state and Education in general. Low pay and no respect for what we do.
so you voted for a woman who plagiarized?? That makes sense.
How about fixing the schools instead of abandoning it?
So you're OK with DeVos' abysmal record in Michigan school system? Guess so since she bribed you with $43,200 to your campaign.
your right, but she's grossly unqualified to fix such a big problem. Please, rethink backing her.
helps if you pay the teachers a working wage. our state is pathetic on teacher pay.
How much money did Betsy Devos contribute to your campaign Richard? #PayToPlay. #DeVos bought her position. #Sickening.
Look to Michigan as an example. #DeVos destroyed public education there. #PayToPlay
NC Teachers First in Flight. Where were you when we needed you? You are a disappointment, Sir.
please be on the lookout for my 10 year old's letter to your DC office. She's in public school & disagrees.
no on DeVos you work for us? Or her?
.@SenatorBurr VOTE NO on DEVOS confirmation. #RepublicanParentsAgainstDevos  #ConflictsOfInterestsMatter http://campaign.r20.constantcontact.com/render?ca=ca0436d7-61c3-4c8c-9d8d-73c94a9174c3&preview=true&m=1104610489842&id=preview …
you are apparently a perfect example of poor education!
I am throwing up in my mouth watching these senseless tweets. Just be truthful...she bought your vote. #soldusforprofit
Yes. And DeVos is incapable of and unwilling to fix it in a way that benefits ALL children.
How exactly will charter schools better serve our special education students- particularly when Devos hasn't knowledge of IDEA?
@BetsyDeVos You basically just need a new Tweet writer.
surprising to me that you would support seeing more of that same gross incompetence in Washington
You and your ilk have completely left teachers in NC blowing in the wind. Poor funding, no support, low pay. It's not remotely
public school system is vile and will not be forgotten in the voting booth. You simply do no not stack up.
Daughter of a teacher who has dedicated her life to serving the children in your state. Your disdain for educators in the
She is not good for education. As a resident of #NorthCarolina please protect my interests. #StopDeVos
then hire more qualified superintendents and PAY OUR TEACHERS WHAT THEY ARE WORTH!
You are everything that is wrong with politicians.
yeah exactly why #DeVos is a horrible idea and will only make it worse
nc schools struggling due to actions of NC legislature cutting funds
Time that has passed was during your tenure in the State House. If system is failing who is to blame? DeVos is not a solution.
talk about states that don't stack up- then mention Michigan, which ranks 39th out of 50- Devos policies not helping there!
Then why do our richest counties have more charter schools? You did NOTHING to help children in NC.
Yes! But @BetsyDeVos doesn't know anything about fixing it. She'll destroy it. Protect SPED kids senator! They matter too!
She is NOT proficient. But she wouldn't understand what that means. Ask Senator Franken to explain.
Many, many public school graduates would disagree with you. DeVos is NOT the correct answer for our education system.
HOW HOW #NotoDeVos
#wrong
she paid for your vote. NC does not want #DeVos
what did you think would happen when States (like your own -NC) don't pay their teachers enough so they move elsewhere?
this is about NC education, not politics. You are on the wrong side, against your constituents. What a disappointment.
No Devos!!!
Because the public education system is underfunded. Are you going to increase funding? We'll be watching.
just shut up, you know you did wrong
Maybe if u invested in public education instead of starving it. Disgrace that teachers have 2 spend own $ to stock classrooms.
vote no
Too bad it will continue with DeVos.
Betsy Devo had no clue to federal special education law. She has no business as Secretary of Education
DeVos will do nothing to improve their education.
Because the Republican party has wasted 8 years stalling everything. YOU are to blame. #impeach
This is a true statement, to which YOU should be accountable for. What did YOU do before #DeVos to ensure children got more?
As a constituent, I'm deeply disappointed, and will be responding in the voting booth.
If NC republicans would adequately fund education we wouldn't have teachers fleeing the state due to low pay/support.
.@SenatorBurr the NCGOP single-handedly bears the responsibility for poor education here by refusing to fund schools properly.
Because you, and your GOP friends, refuse to fund public schools.
check openseccrets. She's a big donor. This is quid pro - filling the swamp with the highest bidders
So you get to choose not to go to school with any of "those" people...  Who are poor or the wrong color or religion.
.@SenatorBurr Thanks for the shout-out to all the hard working educators in your home state. Awesome.
no kidding. Teachers who work for less pay and support than their peers.
Because gov't cut public edu funding.
you accepted large donations from her company - Amway - You must recuse. Conflict of interest
your on the wrong side of this! You can't use kids education for profit! Help your constituents!!!!
Does not mean DeVos is qualified to address the issues.  The only qualification she has is buying the position by giving politicians $$$$$$.
she's only there bcs she donated millions to the republicans! Please help the American people!!!!
so the solution to put someone in charge that doesn't understand basic education policies? #VoteNoDevos
Is that even a sentence?
Richard, we got the Lottery here in NC and the school systems got worse. Question, where does that money really go? @POTUS
We are on the lower end of teacher pay so it doesn't go to the teachers.
The Lottery money doesn't make it to schools at all. It WILL be fixed, and someone is to answer for it.
