I'm asking YOU to put children first and vote No for @betsydevos@stopdevos
Despite being called over and over by your constituents with contrasting opinions, you still believe this?
English teachers won't be able to explain why the education secretary is allowed to plagiarize.
The majority of your constituents oppose her. She is unqualified, it's obvious.
Put NC first vote NO for Devos
The majority have spoken loud & clear (unlike her) she's an embarrassment & unfit for this job. PLEASE #DumpDevos
You could not be more wrong on her!! Listen to the people the majority agree she is unqualified! #DumpDevos
She is wrong for this job. Can't wait for you to retire, sir. You & your Congress & Prez are a disgrace!!
clearly we can't vote him out. #gerrymandered in NC
We CAN "vote him out"; everyone in the state votes for US Senators. You're confusing this with gerrymandered local districts
honestly, at this point I don't believe our votes count at all. Regardless of the election or seat.
Yes our votes count, I think you are just misunderstanding the gerrymandering in our state.
thanks for the mansplaining. I think I got it now.
She might put our children 1st but she's knows nothing.  If you care 4 our children find someone who can do the job
Sen Burr, I'd like u to elaborate more on your support for her. I have voices my concerns via phone to you already.
She never has put our children first...only the for profit schools...Vote to put children first...Vote NO
@NoDeVos WeNeedEqual $ & QualityEducationForAll! Betsy DeVos's record & statements disagree!  @SenateFloor
Totally disappointed with your vote. Betsy DeVos is NOT qualified!! You'll lose my vote next election
Maybe once she learns about things like IDEA, growth and proficiency....she can't put kids first-unqualified 4 job.
She couldn't even provide educated answers when being questioned about the position she paid for.
Everyone knows how much she paid you. The country is watching this one closely so do the right thing. #DumpDevos
so much for the President of the people. your constituents are begging you to listen to us. Vote NO!
After @BetsyDeVos donated over $40k to your campaign, you should be ashamed for not recusing yourself from her vote.
give reason why you support @BetsyDeVos beyond partisanship. Your rationale is partisanship same reason you discount calls. SAD
when she doesn't know the difference between growth and proficiency? Vote no.  There are better options.
wrong. She sees profit first. Knows nothing about education.
She certainly seems to know very little about special needs children and IDEA. How can she put them first? Vote no.
philanthropy does not qualify her for EDU sec. Give REAL reasons why you support. U owe it 2 your constituents.
let's talk about it at a town hall.
DeVos & her husband pd $10,800 for your vote. You sold off our children's futures. Shame on you. We will remember
NC makes charter schools accountable to the same tests as public schools.  She would not commit to that
Rewatch her hearing maybe you missed something! Saying she is unqualified is being nice. She's an embarrassment!
Privatization, vouchers are a sure way to to make sure children are left behind.
This statement is a shocking thumb in the eye to the mountains & eastern NC. Take $ from public school to go where?
Remember us the people that gave you your job? We can take it away & we will not forgive this one! #DumpDevos
, @BetsyDeVos is a poor and scary choice.  Vote No for the sake of the education of our children.
That's hilarious. But also not. Because you're serious. Everyone know she's unqualified. Doesn't look good on you to support.
is going to put our children first (as long as they're in a charter or private school). FTFY. Not qualified.
as long as they aren't in a high poverty public school
you say calls re @BetsyDeVos are a strategy. Yes, a call to understand your position. You haven't said why u support.
You are failing the American children.  Cabinet positions should not be for sale.
Since you didn't vote the way all the people wanted, Shame shall echo around you much like McCrory @SenatorBurr @BetsyDeVos
she won't! She does not care about our children's education. Support the people you represent and #StopDevos
This is a joke, right?
Clearly, the two of you are not. Shame on you.
is gonna make money first!!!
has put and will continue to put profitability first. A vote for DeVos betrays children to business.
Apparently your vote costs 43K. As your constituent, I'm appalled. How much will she pay you next time? #StopDeVos #vote4sale
If she can make a buck off them she just might. Otherwise the poor and middle class are screwed once again.
You're lying.
she is not going to put our children first.  She is unqualified to do so.
may put my children first, but what about non-white, non-affluent, ESL, and special ed kids?  Are they second?
you're making a mistake
And we won't mention the 'pay to play' qualification at the top of her pathetic resume....
An elitist busybody with boatloads of money that she handed out to GOP. ONLY reason she was nominated.
She wrecked public system in Michigan.
Oh please. Money talks. http://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/politics-government/article129863039.html …
She is going to put privileged white children first
I'm your constituent but I don't think you could represent me in a million years. Nor do you want to.
First in line to water the crops with Gatorade? She is the hinge pin of Idiocracy.
She can't put kids first because she doesn't even understand the system to help it. You put money before kids
my child isn't privileged and goes to public school so doubt he will be put first or his classmates. #nobears here
Clearly your not putting ALL NC children first or you would support public schools instead of lining your pockets with money.
when will you finally start to put your constituents first? #ncpol #shame #DoYourJob
I respectfully disagree. She's far from qualified. Your state is watching & wants education help in NC & USA. Tx
you are wrong and I won't vote for you
Noooooooooooooooooooooo
She isn't going to put my special needs children first. Hell, I don't even think they will make the top 10.#nodevos
don't you mean "will put RICH kids first"? Not gonna fool us. We know GOP is eyeing her deep pockets. #noDevos
As your constituent in NC, I totally disagree.
she got the nod because of massive campaign donations
The fact that she accepted position despite lack of qualifications shows her ignorance or carelessness. #quidproquo
What part of #noDevos do you not understand?
just like you put DeVos $ first. You lost my trust. Puppet
I strongly disagree. As one of your constituents, please do not vote for her. She is not qualified for the position
but not if they're not Christian or gay.  You hack.  How much money did she give you for her vote?
We listened today as you dismissed our fears. It's you with the political agenda, not us. Hope it was worth it. $$$
Sadly disappointed in your vote for a woman without qualifications. Ashamed to call you one of my NC senators.
she certainly will not.
You dismisssed thousands of calls to #OpposeDeVos. You threw your constituents under the bus. We will remember.
she has ZERO experience. A barista would be more qualified. #StopDeVos
Seriously? Guess you really don't want another term!  Coward!
Disagree.
No, she's a moron. Deer in headlights. Our kids deserve a better sec of ed, & we deserve better senators.
.@SenatorBurr absolutely disgraceful. You were bought. She contributed tens of thousands of $ to your campaign. You should be ashamed.
democrats would have found a way already to get their ppl confirmed.Hurry up and nuclear option this thing. Denver NC
based on these comments, looks like you're not speaking for your constituents, sir.
are you mad?
That's the most ignorant thing I have ever heard. I'm ashamed that you represent the people of NC
I was really hoping you would stand up and vote against @BetsyDeVos. In the words of Trump, "Sad!"
You are very wrong. She will destroy our schools & childrens future. She is unqualified and you know it.
I'd be more impressed if she hadn't plagiarized her written answers.  She is a horrible choice, Senator Burr.
i hope you are monitoring your calls and emails so that you know many of your constituents disagree with you.
and multiply by 2 to account for busy signals and full voice mail boxes
No, but she certainly contributed to your campaign. She puts herself first. Clearly.
Your vote for  an inexperienced billionaire for the Education post is embarassing. Ashamed to say you are from NC.
Maybe  wealthy, privately educated children Mr. Burr. no one could be less qualified. You sold out. Disappointed
how much $$$$$ has @BetsyDeVos and her family contributed to your many campaigns?
.@SenatorBurr @BetsyDeVos and her business interests will be second?
you're wrong and you have chosen the wrong side of history.
how much has she contributed to your bank account?
Lastly, I believe you owe it to your constituents to ask yourself if this is the best candidate for the job. Thanks
Further, most of these voucher schools that happen to outperform public schools do so because of demographics.
And taking further money from public schools to fund vouchers is not a long term solution.
#partisanHack #badforkids #soldusout #badforNC
 that's funny, I didn't realize you were a comedian
Senator:  Which Children do you refer to?  Her history shows no interest other than in Christian based priv school
Has no background in Education. No experience in the Public School sector. #repealDeVos
Find out what Michigan thinks about her. Do your homework please. Done be a puppet.
after she makes another campaign contribution to you?  She didn't know the term IEP. Do you?
just the children in charter or private schools.
She is entirely unqualified.  Her lack of knowledge will hurt education and children are put last, money first.
will put her own interests first and it seems you will too.
Shame on you both!  Wealth does not equate to experience.  Too bad the millions of voices saying NO!  Have no $$$$$
only if they are home schooled or in a charter school.    Our children in public schools are screwed .
If by that you mean YOUR children...maybe...if you have enough $$$
NC says NO but Burr is deaf!
but does she know the law and issues well enough to be effective?
haven't seen one person agree with you. listen to the People of NC that elected u, instead of your padded pocket!
no she will not! I will continue to vote for your opponent until I'm successful in filling your seat with a progressive!
please reconsider your vote. She doesn't know anything about pell grants. She couldn't even answer questions. Shame
she has no experience. She can't BUY her way to the cabinet !! I am disappointed in you.NC Wants better than her!
. I have a grandson with aspergers. I called, wrote, tweeted u many times that I am opposed to Devos. I see u listened....hmmm
this was brought to you by the money to elect #bestydevos

She's putting Trump first.  She said so in her testimony. "whatever the President says" It's disappointing you supported party over kids.
no, not mine, sadly. Pls represent our NC family even though we don't have $40K+ to donate
how much did she pay you to say that?  How much did you get paid to vote for her?  You have failed again. Resign!
is committed to helping some children succeed. She'll be a disaster for most children.
stop DeVos
is this a joke from the onion?
Yeah right. That's why children and teachers all over MI have cried out against her. Her record speaks for itself. @BetsyDeVos
how?  She's dumb as a brick.  If only she were as smart as she is rich.  But she ain't bright at all
what qualifications does she have for the job besides "she has good intentions"?!
not all children just the wealthy.  #resist
Nope. She will turn America into Detroit.
shes going to put her wallet first
No. You spelled 'rich' wrong. It starts with an 'r' and doesn't contain letters 'o' or 'u'.
nope!
no your pocket first!
only if a bear attacks! UNQUALIFIED!!! #DeVos
so glad there are still bargains to be had. SOE for only 45k!!!
The evidence strongly suggests otherwise.
untrue and I am sorry you believe this.  I pray you take some time to reflect why the public is outraged and listen. #resist
We hold YOU responsible for the damage she does to pub ed. Bannon coup will fail and we won't forget who helped him. #resist
surely you don't believe that. But that's what happens when you exchange money for votes #yousoldusout #votes4sale
first in what? School closures when she cuts public school?
No she won't. You've put party over country and should be ashamed. These are our children.
No, she absolutely won't. Come on, man. Don't roll over for Trump like this, it's spineless. @BetsyDeVos
How does she plan to do that?
is the worst choice. How do you say she'll put children first? #alternativefacts
only if you have the money or are a born again Christian
Burr's office's voice recorder is always full so we can't tell him how much we hate what DeVos will do to schools.
And they will stay at schools w/ even less funding bec. much will have gone to private schools.
Where's your evidence?  She has NO public education experience and doesn't even know what IDEA is!!  #notoDeVos
NO, kids w/ parents who can afford transportation to private schools will be 1st. Really poor kids will stay put.
just like you put the opinions of your constituents first? Fantastic, we're all screwed.
.@SenatorBurr @BetsyDeVos Here. I fixed this for you.
Ask Michigan! She puts profits before children! Education is a right not a fucking business!
NO SHE WILL NOT. She has no idea what she is doing. Please please do not vote for her. For once quit being selfish
First in terms of ignorance? We know she's not going to push for ACTUAL education. She's unqualified! #DumpDeVos
...first on the list of most undereducated students in the world.
You sir are a sellout & coward! The equivalent of a teen who thinks regardless what their parents say, you know best #ass
whose children? Rich ones? Yes, that's correct! Goodbye public schools!
You two are just awful. You will be looked back upon with nothing but disdain!! Your legacy will be nothing.
.@SenatorBurr @BetsyDeVos You are disgusting. Both of you.
will be the 1st to put children where? UNDER A BUS? You're panicking -you KNOW she's inept & incompetent. #PATHETIC
What?  How?  Nothing she's said makes that a reasonable conclusion.
Coward. #noDevos
...in line for the chopping block.
In what universe will that happen?  Ah yes.. in the Alt universe. #RESISTANCE
Really? Don't think so Senator.
are you listening to your constituents? Nope... just lining your pockets.
she isn't qualified
no she won't! She will put her agenda first. Dammit, man, we're telling you to VOTE NO!!!!!
she gave your campaign $ then you vote for her over protests from constituents. We see where your interest lies
Please publish details of the feedback you have received from your constituency on this nomination, sir.
Detroit children were first and how did they fair? Failed policies and future campaign contribution is what you get
Maybe yOURs and hers. No faith in yours or her leadership.
No. She knows NOTHING about educational theory or practice. This is pay-to-play. Period.
Wrong!
why don't you put your constituents first? Many NC voters- including myself vocalized strong opposition to @BetsyDeVos
is a rich sycophant who will ruin our children's education.  And you're too busy fellating trump to see it!
Please explain how.  She has yet to demonstrate the ability to do so.  Look at MI school rankings.
children? Is that a new word for money? Because that's all she's ever put first
She needs to listen to educators first. She's had decades to do so, and hasn't.
Are you saying that because you believe it, or because you were paid $43,200 by her to say it? Just wondering.
