Dear God in Heaven.
America First. 
Russian Intervention in Euro Elections. NO.
UNMASKING Americans. Get to the point.
Crowdstrike. Research
When will prove that CIA hacking tools weren't used to incriminate Russian govt.?
https://youtu.be/OAR2G76k1YI . AWONBROS hacked up 80+ dnc lawmakers possibly blackmailed?  meddling?  Paid even  after caught. Huge news story?
Why do you hate the poor and middle class?  Why do you want to punish the majority to give to the rich #Trumpcarekills
Why the Hell are we Investigating Russia V Euro elections? FIX USA.
GOPcallsthemselvesConserv Christians,Pro-life,but they will be taking healthcare/Medicaid from children,elderly & disabled Americans.Sad!
High crimes or misdemeanor, I don't care.  Find a way to save our country from this corrupt and morally bankrupt person.
@senateGOP #protectourcare ! Take care of #treason CRISIS! @potus is a MOBSTER + traitor + LIAR =dangerous for US ALL! #trumprussia #treason
Major attack: WannaCry-wanna-be. Our Witch Hunt WH needs to make sure all systems have been Patched.
#Ukraine The banks, the media, the network of gas stations and power companies of Ukraine attacked by a virus similar to WannaCry Petya.A 
If u r a true Christian! Vote no Senator Burr if you care for American lives! What would Jesus do?#TrumpCareKills
Still waiting for you to stop hugging Mrs. Sessions and get to work on our POTUS. Stop looking the other way
Glad to hear you are still moving forward, however the sancataions the senate voted on has been stalled in the house. WHY
http://nypost.com/2017/05/26/how-team-obama-tried-to-hack-the-election/ … our hooverstyle gov/commey dnc opertives now blame russia/trump rather than admit spying on all hillarys opponenets
Hilarious
We are sick and tired of the Russia Election BS. Get it over with! $$$ Burner. Get to work on forcing Dems to get to work!
Contrary to stmts by some of your DC colleagues, your Constituents ARE concerned w/the dishonesty in WhiteHouse, #Trump #RussiaGate  issues.
Why are you covering up treason?
The senator running the Russia probe was a vocal Trump campaign backer, once boasting he sicced the FBI on Hillary Clinton.
Any FORMER "reasonable prosecutor' sitting in Congress had probable cause for Clinton arrest years ago  Willful blindness is a crime too
Senator, please remember you swore an oath to the United States of America. Not to the so-called president and not to the  GOP. I'm a vet.
Have you found your evidence yet???  I doubt so. Wish Sen you would put that much effort in getting America GREAT AGAIN!
You voting yes for #GOPDeathCare is equal to you shooting my child. How can the GOP be so #evil ? Disabled Americans will die if it passes.
seeking info on the next hearings about 2016 Russian interference here in USA
https://youtu.be/OAR2G76k1YI . AWONBROS hacked up 80+ dnc lawmakers possibly blackmailed?  meddling?  Paid even  after caught. Huge news story?
Quit wasting time on Russia and pass a health care bill following a tax bill..the people elected DJT..support him
Comey told trump he was never a suspect in russia he refused tell public while news lied to convince people trump was a russian spy for 1 yr
When are you going to subpoena Fusion GPS  to give evidence before your committee?
Just visited Asheville this week. Heard support for your work. Thank you Sen.Burr for delving into the Russian connection. It is important.
@realDonaldTrump should NOT be allowed to meet with @VladimirPutin He is under suspicion or #treason! BTW I made below pic in JULY 2016! WOW

Everything is fine…. Don’t worry :-) https://twitter.com/ukraine/status/879706437169147906 …
Why RU running smear campaign against Flynn, when it is Dems trying to stop him testifying for Women who filed EEOc case against AAG McCabe?
Vote No on GOP wealthcare bill! Don't rob the MEDICARE trust of $117 billion to give to the wealthiest 400 people.
Thank you Senator Burr for being an honest broker. Signed Michigan Independent American 
Please rethink your support for the R Healthcare bill. Image the anger of millions who lose coverage. No talking points will cure the ill.
DO YOUR JOB FOR THE UNITED STATES!!!!!!
no to #wealthcare- we need Medicare for all not tax cuts for the 1%. This bill is unchristian and cruel, NC deserves more!
Vote no on disastrous GOP healthcare bill, 49 million Americans without healthcare by 2026! Put people over party! Vote no! 16% approval.
Repeal Obamacare in its entirety & start again. Let the people have a say! Do a referendum! Do a survey & we will tell you what we want!
Stop this witch hunt and do your job. Support Donald trump!
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/awan-brothers-it-technicians …. #AwanBrothers
R U with GOP Swamp that will b voting 22 million people out of healthcare? I hope not!How many elderly will be thrown out of assist living?
#healthcare being destroyed for greed #treason was due to greed!  SHAME on @potus LIAR should apologize #trumpRUSSIA treason
This will be the most important legacy of your public service, guiding bipartisan solutions to protecting the integrity of our democracy.
How are you voting for the health 'care' bill?
WASTING OUR MONEY
Please vote NO to Trump care.
On the day CBO says in 2018 42,000 people A DAY will lose HC, you Tweet this? Using Trump tactics won't help you.
Just make sure voting to repeal ACA does NOT appear on your itinerary. Will write a check to the DNC if you vote to repeal. #ipromise
Glad to hear SSCI news but please vote No on healthcare bill. It needs a lot of work. Work w Dems to make it better.
I watch every hearing, Senator. If I can't watch live, I watch on C-Span.
everyone realizes potus is insane.why not working to fix this?i am a constituent.do your duty is to the people who elected you not the gop
No on the AHCA.ut is criminal.   please make sure that safety nets in place so we don't get hacked by Russia again.
Start thinking of POTUS & the progress we could be doing to help the US! This Russia issue is stupid & GOP is letting it happen! Wrong Burr
I hope you'll protect your constituents from the AHCA.  My grandchildren will lose coverage.  My Rep. Co-worker's son needs a $970k surgery.
The 14 yr old will max out before leaving hospital.  I'm sure his dad won't vote for you again if he can't afford to maintain needed meds.
You are an elitist establishment lobby-owned hack. You've got to go. We need a rep who's for the pro-Trump, pro-American agenda 
OUT OUT OUT
This must be a joke
Thank you for trying to keep it fair. USA is in a spiral downfall.
Why are we wasting tax payer $ on European election hacking. Last time I checked we were a Free country & not a Colony of Europeans. STOP.
When can Americans count on an official end to the trump collusion scam? It's very clear that it is nonsense!
Non-partisan @USCBO report confirms: latest GOP bill still diabolical:
• 22mil thrown off their health care
• 15mil lose care in the next yr
Do not TRUST Richard Burr ,he is not putting country First.
Thank you.
