ACA needs repair not repeal/replace.  I oppose any legislation that defunds Planned Parenthood and cuts maternity care.
planned parenthood sells body parts and needs to be shut down
Are you sure this is stated correctly?  I would like to know why you are opposed to women having a choice? Help me see?
yes it is Stated correctly look up the video proof and do babies have a choice women do they should use birth control b4 sex
I do think abortion is terrible and wonder what role you think men should play in preventing pregnancy?
Not happening! 24 million Americans Losing their healthcare coverage is UnAmerican. Like efforts to #ImpeachTrump Health is beyond Politics.
no. Improve obama care don't repeal it. 3/4 of my family have preexisting conditions. I'll be sure to send you my medical bills
lol preexisting conditions are still covered
But there's NOT a cap on their insurance premium! So yes, Ins has to be provided, only so then can suck the family's bank account DRY!
Do your job. Represent your people. Keep ACA.
don't vote yes without cross state lines competition we should be able to buy from other States stand for  NC
why Ins. companies don't like ACA! Still does nothing to lower COSTS! Haggling over who pays the medical costs, doesn't lower medical costs
Total B.S!  You are betraying us, your NC constituents!  You were elected to represent us, not Trump, the GOP or Brannon.
he is representing me just fine so far
hahaha good to know that you don't think mammograms are essential for women's health and maternity costs not covered. Vote NO
GOP bill leaves out the elderly and most vulnerable. CBO estimates 24 M to lose coverage. Constituent here. Don't do it!
The legislation should not undermine critical protections for people with pre-existing conditions.
I do not believe Trumpcare is going to workout well for 20 million voters in this country-many who voted for Trump.
and you guys really have to get it together on this. The evil dems are always in lock step because they could care less..
Please vote no to this. You're going to hurt more people then you already have.
Said like a man who gets his healthcare paid for by taxpayers.
@NCGOP lies from a traitor to us democracy
will you & #congress use the same #health plan? #aca #Obamacare
Representatives HAVE to buy insurance from ACA markets, but they get federal employer subsidy to help pay for it.
ACA went to Insurance corps and said 'here's the people you HAVE to help, with this much $', corps' CEO's said 'but then we can't be 1/2
GET THIS MORON OUT OF OFFICE, DON'T ELECT HIM AGAIN.
making health care LESS affordable for the people who need it MOST is not moving in the right direction.  SHAME!
This from the career politician who thought Betsy DeVos was an excellent candidate. #pleaseretiretoanotherstate
"more control over their health care?!"Tell that to struggling folks who don't have $50 in their checking but suddenly get ill
you need to be very careful choosing our health care.  Everyone will be up for reelection sooner or later.
yeah right!  You are a joke!
The plan looks like a great way to kill off middle to lower income older Americans who won't be able to afford ANY insurance
how is forcing me to pay a 30% surcharge giving me more control?
You would save let's say $3,000 per/yr X 10 yrs= $30M....when buy insur again at $3M just pay
$1000. NOT BAD
whole bill is plain and simple playing politics with people's health! And making sure Ins. Corps stay rich! Bill does NOTHING to lower costs
No that statement is ENTIRELY FALSE.  My insurance will go from 104.00 a mo to over 1300.00 a month.  64 yrs old
@RepMarkWalker @SenThomTillis you're signing your constituents death sentences. Give us the same policy you have
Glad the CBO report is out - it doesn't look good fiscally or for the health of Americans.
trumpcare is not the answer. Stop drinking the coolaid, or is it for us to drink since your vote for Trumpcare will kill us?
I am a R living in NC and after the CBO reports this does not sound appealing to us in the middle class. No ACA fan, but yikes
Taking a quote from our Lier-in-Chief, "It's a disaster" Vote "No" on ACHA.
Trumpcare will leave over 600k NC residents without health insurance.  Will you be voting for Trumpcare?
People DON'T VOTE FOR HIM AGAIN.
.@SenatorBurr
if this passes, my mother-in-law will probably lose her health insurance because it will be unaffordable.
according to many independent estimates, the house bill will be more expensive care for fewer.  Only benefits the wealthy. 
Send mail.to his home at:
I will lose coverage. I work hard and pay my bills. You are bought and paid for. Period.
37 likes Burr, get a fucking clue!
Even conservative can see through your BS...Burrrrrrrr!
#TrumpRyancare not solution for uninsured-many whom are full time workers. 267 billion in tax cuts for top 1%. Not RIGHT!
if you are for reducing the insured in NC and increase premiums for your older constituents we'll #RepealAndReplaceSenatorBurr!
Burr is anti-America!! ACA helped Americans, Burr did EVERYTHING to make it FAIL! Terrible person, now lets bears be killed while they sleep
you are full of BS
I am 1 of Many women 50+ on thyroid meds need lab + Dr.visits Can't function/live w/o! 75% $8000 ins increase= death 4 many
Exactly how does this make health insurance more affordable? By penalizing the poor and the old?!!
I have no less control over my health care than before ACA, but I do have guaranteed coverage for my preexisting conditons.
I get contraceptives for free. I get preventative health care for litttle to no cost, including vaccines.
My medications cost less. My specialist visits cost more, but I'm willing to pay to support those even sicker than I.
Please explain how the @GOP plan will improve on this state of affairs for me and the rest of your constituents.
If it makes sense and the CBO gives the plan a thumbs up I'll be happy to support you.
all I hear are the pockets of the rich being stuffed with more money while the poor suffer
do you just parrot the party line, or have any integrity? This takes health from the poor to give money to the rich.
#Trumpcare #Republicare will cost lives, jobs and, I hope,votes. More affordable for the 1%, real harm to the poor and elderly @SenatorBurr
anything in there regulating pharma and hospital expenses? No? Back to work with you please.
I truly hope you read all these comments.  We The People are speaking!!!
affordable for whom?  Also, looking forward to CBO info on any bills drafted
House plan falls short. CBO analysis required before any assertions
Obamacare works. Leave it alone!!!!
waiting 7 yrs to repeal & replace the ACA and this is the best plan you could present?  WOW.  Get real buddy.
No Senator, we want a #CleanRepeal and free market health care solutions, competition across state lines
explain how your constituents are going to afford this.  I am scared to death , self employed almost 60 that ins will skyrocket
more affordable, are you on crack?????
not very happy that youre my senator in NC. Peopke are angry snd fed up with our Pres! Stand up!!
your solutions are not helpful. Tax breaks to the wealthy. Come on!
your proposal isn't to provide healthcare. it should be called #TrumpCareLess
TrumpCare is a joke. If this is the best the GOP can come up with, the party is doomed.
RyanCare0.5 poor replacement with deeply flawed foundation. Throw baby out with bathwater? Build on ACA or give universal care
you're a total moron if you believe that what was just introduced was a "solution"
It makes it less affordable for the disadvantaged who need it and gives$400 billion to the rich who don't need it. Shame.
Nice talking point but the reality is poor people, the elderly, and sick folks will get screwed in this plan.  Try again.
your lying!!! My healthcare plan for my family is going up 10,000 a year.  Voting you out!!
Republicans healthcare is horrible! I will be voting you out!!!
The plan introduced does not improve much of anything.
If you want to "make insurance more affordable" then this is not the plan, and you know that.
please look at this very carefully. The new plan is not a good one and would hurt many North Carolinians.
The GOP is just trying to get rid of their undesirables: Elderly, disabled, poor. You make me sick!
The GOP plan won't do that at all! Thanks Congress!
The new bill do not achieve more affordable care. Prices would go up. You are lying to your constituents.
You mean #PayMoreForLess North Carolina, aka The Bathroom State, will suffer even more. It will enrich the rich. Don't do it.
Scam on poor,huge tax breaks for rich.Same scam,soul sold to NRA, Loch,Banks,Oil.We vote &are educated.
Gotta be kidding me! #BurrCare #TrumpCare is awful! Fewer will be covered. Just a tax cut 4 rich people like you & ins co execs
.@SenatorBurr How do you justify tax breaks for insurance co execs making +$500K? Please, tell us how this makes things better? (Crickets)
My insurance costs will go up under your plan, so how exactly does this work?
This plan is just pure crap. Lower income people left out in the cold. Breaks for the wealthy. 

Keep ACA!
great idea!   How will you pay for it?  How will the poor people going to manage? And how's that investigation coming?
only the wealthy benefit
explain this in a town hall
#thisdoesntdoit.   bill means fewer insured. More debt, tax breaks for rich, profits for  insurers.  Say NO
looks like more government not less like we voted for.
BTW - Why aren't you investigating #TrumpRussia? Do you have something to hide, or has he simply bought you?
The plan benefits your corporate interests and hurts the American people. Don't pretend it does anything else.
OMG now U r giving same "alternative" facts as your crony, fake potus! Millions will LOSE health care! Helps rich, hurts poor!
@SenThomTillis please stop hiding from the people who hired you.  You are not representing us if you are not listening to us.
The ACA could be fixed instead of making it about politics before the American people.  #fixaca
How about being real by really listening, really talking, really supporting American people.  Put your country first.
Do you really think that Americans are so dumb that they believe this crap?  We've seen what is in the plan.
cross your heart
All you're doing is taking what little chance for healthcare away for many Americans.
Christopher Steele 
for me someone who has many health problems this will never work think of your people please
What a joke. None of us have control except the insurance companies.
Sir, it's broken now. People want 100% repeal, and Rand Paul like health care replacement. Not Obamacarelite with mandate, etc.
We MUST have an #IndependentInvestigation of our #corrupt @Potus and the #TrumpCampaign! #DoYourJOB!
Only one word comes to mind ... Liar!  That must be the new standard for this administration.
keep telling those lies until you believe them because we never will believe you or your lies.
What would Jesus do? Because you will be met with "depart from me, I never knew you" on judgment day
And just think of all those great big families because no birth control and no Planned Parenthood
and more money into the pockets of the rich. You are not for the poor or middle class.
Just think people, when we get sick we can "freely choose" death or bankruptcy. #obamacare can be made better.
Just a reminder that "access" to health care does not mean those covered under ACA will keep their health care coverage.
To increase your constituents' healthcare options and lower their costs, let women use Medicaid for #PlannedParenthood visits.
Oh please. Replacement will benefit insurance CEOs and the top 1 percent. You know that.
The #RepealAndReplace plan does not benefit me (a middle class NC woman with mental illness) and actively harms the poor&sick.
This statement is a lie.  Your bill will not get passed & you will not be re-elected.
the bill as it stands now will not pass it better include ability to buy across State lines or he def won't be reelect
or you can go to prison with the rest of them.
by not calling the right people to testify, you are as guilty of treason as trump is. You have ONE chance to do it right...
Investigative reporters have been proving the trump campaign dossier piece by piece. If YOU help make the investigation a sham
sure, and let's call it "Republicare" so America won't forgot who is to blame for this travesty. #Republicare
Maybe you could  talk to Christopher Steele now that he has resurfaced! Oh wait that would show you're backing the wrong horse
This is total BS and you know it. It's going to cause more small hospitals like Belhaven's to close! How dare you float lies!
Read bill. NOT more affordable especially for older Americans
Tx credits r INSUFFICIENT. w/o Mandate premiums SKYROCKET
or you could just subsidize as was intended and it wouldn't be unaffordable
It's all BS and you know it. Gives huge tax breaks to rich, not better than #ACA. How much $$$ have you taken from big business and DeVos?
Bring that bill, I'm for it. #Trumpcare cuts CEO taxes, costs the rest of us more $. Lots to fix before you #RepealAndReplace
BTW expect a letter from my wife every month she has to but buy her meds from Canada at 1/3 the price from US
what a joke!  First the refusal to investigate russia.. now this..With my "control" i plan to vote you out!
get over Russia Dak News bs
Burr is missing his soul
So what control do I have over my health insurance no taxes paid in no refund or tax credits so i will just wait to die
The only job that I can do is laying on my back and as far as i know that is against the law Thus leaves me in deep depression
The issue is Russia!  Do you need help putting the timeline together?  Don't block investigation.
How would you get around with DDD 3bad disk neuropathy numb fingers legs and toes and fibro yet i am declared able to work
Still can't even get medicaid They think I can crawl around looking for job and crawl my ass to work since walking is out
If we spent everything we made on Health insurance we still would not have enough to pay for it and buy food and live.
we need to repeal Obamacare. Government should not be involved in the healthcare business
please schedule real, in person town hall meetings where constituents can interact with you WITHOUT paying an entry fee!
please take away free health care for illegal immigrants and all these people with fake disabilities #RepealAndReplace
giving corporate tax deductions to insurance companies does not improve the health of our country.
This replacement is Horrible. People will die. How can you claim to be a Christian?!? #Shame
This fails miserably.
@NCGOP did you read the entire bill? How the hell did the gov get involved in healthcare? Where is this in the Constitution
Kizlyak money laundered by Drumpf/Ross laundromat? Nothing to see here! Perfect Senator for NC, make US forget Long's LA.
I believe @RandPaul has already built a solid foundation for that... support him.
This is nonsense. You are not living in the real world with real people and real finances.
Can you even spell oligarch? Putin, Medvedev, Agalorov, Rybovlovlev, Yanukovych, Fertish, Sater, Mammadov, Kizlyak. All but...
"And the best part about it is the fantastic insider trading deal Pussy Price got us on Aetna stock!"
Our pamphlet, title 'The Aetna PR Release' won't start fucking people til after midterms & won't really fuck royally til 2020!"
Christopher Steele resurfaced, call him as witness? He may have secured the FSB hooker piss tape for personal security.
My #InvisibleSenator echoes meaningless party line untruths about the GOP's #UnaffordableCareAct. #ncpol
it is going to drive prices up not down.  But you don't really care do you?
We want Trump to show his tax returns and we want you to support that effort. What do you have to lose? Elections do occur!!

How will this plan help families when it fails  to cover family planning, maternity care, and reproductive healthcare??
remember: no select committee. I'll be in touch.
I want u to vote yes on @BernieSanders Affordable and Safe Prescription Drug Importation Act 27317
I wish I could believe you but #Trumpcare is like TrumpU but worse Because I won't get to choose to join the deception.
trumpcare is obamacare in disguise. More entitlements, have to buy insurance etc. Do not vote for this. Repeal not tweak.
more affordable for whom?
Unless a person qualifies for Medicaid they must purchase a healthcare plan.  It is time to end free healthcare at hospitals!
We are holding you accountable to make sure the new plan will do this, why not fix the ACA instead.
Tax credits, don't help me pay rent, food & utilities for an entire year then wait for a "tax credit"
tax credits are moot point for ppl on SS who don't file tax returns anymore?  Understand that?
How about Replace #Obamacare w/REAL solutions that work first.  Then replace.  Cart before the horse as usual.
no it doesn't. It's a pitiful excuse of legislation
You've proven you're FOS. Are you going to be FOS on the Russia investigation, too? Or will you stand up and be a hero.
yes, he will be FOS.
I know. Just offering him a chance to step up, even though he is incapable.
PROVE IT! Show me the details. Until then STOP wasting my time.
It's craptastic and you know it.  Let insurance companies compete across state lines.
You're delusional, Rich. If not that, then you're a thieving, hateful, liar.
more people will die because the GOP is getting rid of their insurance. And you call yourself "pro-life!"  SMH
You'll eat those words when OMB scores it.
You aren't the brightest bulb in the box are you? And you are a coward and traitor to USA.
The replacement plan does NOT deliver on the promise of better coverage for a cheaper price. You have failed. #singlepayer
it's a joke plan. How about you sign up for it. we taxpayers quit footing the bill for your insurance you can clearly afford it
what is your stance on #Russiagate? Where is the special prosecutor?
we agreed on no special prosecutor.
just repeal it Senator. Federal involvement is the problem with healthcare, not the solution.
That's not even close to what you are doing. Now get down here and have a town hall so we can talk about it.
There is no repeal in this GOP plan. Why don't you do something in DC that the people of NC want? Don't rollover on this.
If you support this mess the GOP just put out, I will make sure you get termed in your next election. This is ObamacareLite.
and it also defunds planned parenthood which gives women comprehensive care and spends $0 of public on abortions.  Wow! SMH
...really?! More subsidy for the older and richer, less for the younger and poor.  That's perfect! Push it through!
Not enough to tweet a statement. Explain. Cost?  How many NC will lose coverage?
explain how this will help your constituents or will we need an "alternative facts" guide to get truth
Repealing the Affordable Care Act will not help the people of NC. Please back up your claims with data.
first the GOP guts ACA then tries to replace it with a barely comprehensive pro-corporate death panel? Come on!
DeVos vote cost the corrupt 43k to buy @SenatorBurr how much do we your constituants need to source fund to buy your vote to keep ACA?
You represent a rural area that needs ACA but you had rather serve your masters and party in Washington.
This will have a negative impact on a 1/2 million people in NC Senator. Is your rubber stamp tired yet?
please explain how your plan is not WORSE for the poor, women, the sick, the old, the infirm?
Only the rich benefit.
If you stand by these words you'll reject the latest Bill. 30% penalty for gap in insurance covg in last 12mo IS mandate to buy
Lying about built in mandate in slippery slidey kinda way that benefits health insurance co By inc costs by 30%
sounds great in theory; but does House proposal even approach this in theory?  It will injure people not even on ACA
Perhaps if you were to speak to your actual constituents we could tell you HOW we want the ACA fixed. Instead of avoiding us.
Coward,traitor burr
