well do something about it
Maybe they're horrible for the American People. Just because Trump puts them up doesn't mean they're qualified to do the job. Many are awful
When his nominees aren't disgusting & unqualified (DeVos), it will be easier. Plus, this is a distorted non-fact. But we know u don't care
We are counting on the @gop to get this work done. We support our President! We voted @gop control in order to do great things-
Fight!
Your hypocrisy knows no bounds
I don't think presidents should make nominations during their last year in office per @SenMajLdr
I see what you did there 
You obstructed Obama at every turn and he never could fill all his open positions.  You're a lying, two-faced snake!!!
Ok, I'm stepping away from my desk to call you, and tell you how to do your job. Spolier alert: not like this.
Lol and what do you think GOP did to the last president?!
Yeah because the GOP NEVER did that to Obama......
It should take longer #badchoices #nocriminals #notrump !! #noconfirmatons !
Please explain to me how a minority party can obstruct? Know it's the GOP party line, but seriously - please explain?
Pls explain how this isn't EXACTLY what GOP did in 2013. Dems following 45's lead & counter punching x10. GOP started this stupid behavior.
what I would like too know is when are the attacks on president Trump going too stop I feel he being miss treated.
Senate Reps block their OWN PROMISE TO REPEAL OBAMACARE
#alltalknoaction

Are you seriously crying "obstruction," when your party controls every branch of the federal government? Despicable.
Then change the rules!!!!
Let's talk about the Black people #POTUS obstructed from renting in his buildings. SAD. We all know the truth.
Blaming Dems for your allowing POTUS to get away w/o nominating people for these positions is disgraceful & un-American.
How, Republicans control everything
If this is the obstruction that you're concerned about, then I worry about your mental health.
"Oh! What A Tangled Web We Weave When First We Practice To Deceive"
Roy- it's Trump. He's not making nominations because he hasn't yet found out who Putin sold the offices to.
#merrickgarland
Trumpisincompetent,has left HUNDREDS of posts w/o nominees. Plenty of time 4 golfing, violating emoluments, betraying America to RU!!
Wouldn't be an issue if nominees were actually qualified for their positions
You are both not providing the full facts. President has to actually do some work to nominate before any delay - if needed - can occur!
GOOD  Hipocrites the way u guys done Obama at every turn u deserve what your getting but 10 fold go whine to someone else
@GOP @POTUS I wonder why.Everyone he's appointed is a http://thug.You  keep supporting this slimey potus we wiil vote you out in MO.
Then WHY aren't you Repubs doing something about it??  Can't you just put them through? Screw the Dems! They are running the show, enough!!
what about Merrill Garland?
you all did the same to Obama. Karma sucks
As soon as Donald divests himself of conflicting business practices that include his dirty cronies, that can happen.
Stop whining senator, your party wrote the book on obstruction.
Do you remember Merrick Garland? You are all hypocrites.
Fake News
Trump's nominees--just like your decisions--aren't in the best interests of his constituents. You're on the wrong side of history.
Wrong! Misinformation!
And were you part of the indecent cabal that kept Garland from a hearing? Stopped more than 4doz fed judicial noms? Hmmm. Pot, meet kettle.
"You lie"
It's called patriotism!  When a @POTUS has clear ties to collusion with a hostile gov and lies about it, you should question his nominees
You have the #s, so that doesn't fly. If he nominated mainstream not crazies, Dems would support. #Cynical #Untrue @clairecmc
Obstruction is your middle name. You had the precedent of the Founders in Chief Justice John Marshall & betrayed their example. #URNoPatriot
P.S. Pretty sure Christians are not supposed to lie. #URNoStatesman #RUaChristian ? #RedLetterChristians
Change the rules and confirm them no more bull shut. We won get it done.
@SenatorBurr Time to investigate DEMS.come on. 
 they broke the law and nothing has been none.  We are tired of double standards
Oh yeah? How’s Merrick Garland doing on the Supreme Court? Oh, wait.
Please. This fake prez is an utter failire
@SenatorBurr Rank hypocrisy coming from a participant in the last 8 years of pure obstruction & theft of a SCOTUS seat.
I bet Merrick Garland would have something interesting to say about that. Do you guys have no shame? WE SEE YOU. WE SEE YOU. WE SEE YOU.

He should try by nominating a couple...
This is a joke. Right? He's barely nominated *anyone*. You sat on a nominee for a year. Quit lying.
Last I checked, @realDonaldTrump hadn’t even made noms for the vast majority of positions. Plus, don’t R’s control both houses of Congress?
Karma is a bi*ch isnt it.  Do what is right 4 the people and stop lining your pockets
Merrick Garland. 'Nuff said.
No on Trumpcare
Seriously the GOP obstructed Obama at every turn. Repeatedly. What nerve u GOP has.
Boo hoo! Karma sucks!
Because the GOP never did that to Obama? Just stop tweeting and go check your political donations ;)
.@royblunt spews false propaganda. Talk to us about Pres Obama's candidate for SCOTUS last year......nothing......all I hear is crickets
Gentleman, your last batch of must have yest nominees rushed through couldn't properly fill SF86 forms. I am rep & smarter than 45 supporter
Respectfully Senator, the Administration hasn't done their job of providing vetting materials. You shouldn't expect a rubber stamp.
Merrick Garland...?
I have 2 words for any Republican whining about obstruction:

Merrick Garland.
The picks so far have been terrible I.e. DeVose, Sessions, so good reason to be very careful about
Hypocrite! GOP obstructed Obama for 8 years & didn't even grant Merrick Garland hearing. GOP owns Congress/WH. Don't blame Dems.
Democrats must have learned it from you, ass hat
do you think we could eliminate some positions? and condense TO SAVE $..that would piss off dems. and what is the law on this?
We can not allow this lying cheating false President to fill ANY positions. How can you stand by trump when he and family so corrupt!
blame your president, not Senate Dems.
This is ridiculous. You’re distorting the truth to fit your narrative. POTUS hasn’t filled majority of nominations. GOP has majority!
@realDonaldTrump is not doing his jobs. That is the problem. Not the Dems. Get him off the golf course and Twitter!
https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/ …
You've got to be joking.
Hypocritical much? Also, YOU have the majority and you can't get enough votes among YOUR party.
Sounds like the last 8 years to me! Do your jobs
Lying liar working 4 a lying liar. Grow a spine and stand 4 not against America putz! GOPers are selling democracy to Russia and R proud.
Remember that time when the @GOP refused to even talk to the Obama SCOTUS nominee? Go ahead & throw that 1st stone…
Blunt, bullpucky!
370 of 594 have no nominee; can't confirm if no one is nominated.  That's not GOP style obstruction, that's an incompetent executive branch
No shame from @GOP fake political promises and rhetoric don't work anymore. Try something else
Merrick Garland says hi
While the Democrats have been obstructive, the WH has failed to put forward nominees for many positions - literally by half the normal pace.
This is ridiculous. Stop making excuses. GOP controls every branch. No one to blame but Trump's own incompetence and your complicity.
having flashbacks to 8 yrs of @SenateGOP obstruction vs #obama or just 1 yr ago w/ #Gorsuch & #MerrickGarland? How dare u Shame on u #resist
Our President is a greviance oriented grifter with a dying brain.  His appointments thus far reflect as much.
Wtf
Merrick Garland! Nuff said
Sir, please see the following:
Merrill Garland says Hi
I'm not a democrat & oppose partisan obstruction. Unfortunately we have a Pres who is clearly beholden to a hostile foreign power. // 1/2
Appointments should halt until we know his motives for his nominations. Any other action is a danger to our democracy. // 2/2
It's going to take infinity years to put Merrill Garland on SCOTUS. #
Well let us all hope he's out of office in 3.3 years. So you don't have to worry about it much longer.
Really Sen. Burr? GOP has WH, the House, & Senate. You don't need DEMS for nominations. I'm an Independent & you are losing my vote in NC.
from the original party of first day obstructing anything and everything 
The vast majority of positions have no nominations. That's Trump's fault.
What can be done to rectify this? Prime example of a broken system.
I've come to expect nothing less from GOP
No, wrong. Dems have not had the power to do this since the GOP took control over the Senate and McConnell broke the filibuster rules.
And even if we DID have control over it, HE HASNT NOMINATED ANYONE SO HOW COULD ANYONE BE HELD UP?!
Can't something be done?
Bull shit! Your all liars gop! Let's not forget traitors too! Bye
Merrick Garland. Remember him?
Republicans control the Senate. How can Dems "obstruct" anything? This is BS from Repubs who won't hold town halls or face constituents.
Payback is well deserved... Remember Obama and the Supreme Court?  #payback
How stupid do you think we are? Most of the positions haven't had a person nominated! The fault of @realDonaldTrump - grifter/golfer  
Where do you think they learned it from?  It would be better if both sides of the aisle gave up this hyper-partisanship and collaborated.
"largely bcos of the slow pace of Trump’s nominations"
"always been slow, but Trump is running at a subglacial speed
#GOP lying every time they open their mouths
How could Dems have obstructed?He hasn't even officially nomm.many http://postions.YOU  hold house & Senate,which means REPS obstructed
From a guy whose party blocked the previous president from a SCOTUS nominee. Spare us your fake outrage, sir. It is unbecoming.
Merrick Garland says hello.
They are waiting for the nominees to be worthy and if Trump is our measure of worthy., none will get by
I think maybe you need to talk to the @GOP opposed to the (alleged) nominees. Your math doesn't make sense.
Remembering #MerrickGarland. And Senator Burr's pledge to obstruct all of HRC's appointees if she had won.
Now that's funny!
Unprecedented???  Really?  From the party who said with pride and relish that it's ONLY goal was to prevent Obama from enacting ANYTHING?
You are wrong. Stop spreading lies. Is this what you teach your children? Lie, cheat, steal at all costs? You sold America to Putin.
443 of 559 do not even have nominees!!  Stop spreading propoganda and do your jobs!!!

That's because he's an incompetent manchild the GOP keeps enabling. Glad there's still people opposing him instead of rolling over like you
Psst, don't need even 1 dem vote..one does need nominees.. where dey at tho?
He hasn't nominated most positions.

Have you forgotten Garland you hypocrite?
Look what else I found!
"Trump is running at a subglacial speed": he's just not picking people for vacant administration jobs. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/07/17/us/politics/trump-appointments.html … 
REPUBLICAN motto and action plan: Lie, lie, lie. Whn caught lie, lie, lie sme more.  When proof is presentd, keep lying. Off to jail, lie!
I'm from MO.  You Republicans are a collective piece of work. You have all three branches and can't get anything done. ASK YOURSELF WHY.
You've already spewed this stupidness.  Come up with a new tweet.  Or better yet, listen to you constituents!
Just like you all did to Obama's Supreme Court nominee? You and other Republicans are a joke.
Like the #GOP didn't do likewise w/ Pres. Obama's nominees. Both sides are being #petty little boys & girls. Stop #blaming, start governing!
Wait. What did you all do for the last 8 year?. You sir are a joke.
Look what I found:
Out of 564 Senate confirmed positions across gov, Administration has not even nominated someone for a whopping 370: https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/?tid=a_inl-amp … https://twitter.com/biannagolodryga/status/886667096259796992 …
Merrick Garland
After all the obstruction you guys did to Pres Obama you've got the balls to post this?
This is a hypocritical statement Sen. Blunt. 140 characters is limiting so I'll bring up Merrick Garland & you can work back from there.
As a MO independent, I always vote for the intelligent candidate. You continue to not want my vote.
You really said "when the President takes over the government" twice in a row? I suggest a remedial review of the Constitution.
Come on, Senator. You know the positions remain unfilled because there is a lack of nominations. Not through obstruction.
You've apparently forgotten Merrick Garland...tell us more about obstruction?
Thank You Senator Blunt!
stop lying. Republicans in the Senate did obstruct President Obama nominee. How does it feel.
"I will work to make sure Obama is a 1 term President" remember that ass clown.
You need to remind him that he's to be draining the swamp.  Not stocking it with wealthier eels.
Thank god for our Dems.  At least @clairecmc cares.  We need more like her and less like you.
This is false.  The POTUS has not put forth nominations.  Pls look in your own closet.
Mitch McConnell:  I will make it my # 1 priority to make sure Obama is a 1 term president. How stupid do you thing your constituents are?
Who cares? He's going to be impeached, not to mention he hasn't nominated people to obstruct.
How is this helpful. When is your next town hall. Missourians have questions.
Sir, it's a convenient memory you have to the previous admin's trials in office. Play fair.
With the level of corruption and the foolishness of most of his cabinet picks, do you blame anyone for trying to vet these people? #resist
I apologize Mr Blunt for the haters...
Thank you!  If we could also stop the wasted $ on witch hunts and investigate the press connections and $$$$ from the left too!
Oh don't like it when the tables are reversed do you
I know you don't write your own tweets, but whoever you have managing your twitter should reconsider their life choices
you are terrible...
Thank you Dems.  Keep it up until the clown is run out of town.
Please keep supporting my @POTUS and you will have the full force of the #MAGA crew for whatever you need
Two words: Merrick Garland. This is beyond hypocrisy. This is aiding and abetting criminal activity
A lot of people will die needlessly if your senate healthcare bill passes so #sorrynotsorry there are bigger fish to fry
His nominations have had problems with vetting.  Many congressmen would also at this tim in our history.  Constituents attitudes are crucial
That's rich. After you and your party refused to do anything with Obama's SCOTUS nominee. How stupid do you think we all are?
And again it is reported you are exempting yourselves from this horrible trump health care.
Roy, how about a town hall to hear your constituents health concerns.
I so hope MO wakes up and votes you out.
We will!

Whatever this is how it's supposed to work but in respect you did the same to Obama
Democrats are just crude, ill-mannered people, lacking in education & social grace. Finally, we have a gentleman like Trump to honor the WH.
Pot meet kettle. You hijacked a Supreme Court nomination. How dare you complain about this. At least Dems are keeping Russians out
Merrick Garland.  You are making things up
Your team is good at making the point well taken. Now, how about your views on Trump/Russia, Jared, Jr and your friend Jeff Sessions?
It will take that long BECAUSE TRUMP CAN'T/WON'T DO HIS JOB AND ACTUALLY NOMINATE PEOPLE. This is Mitch McConnell talking point bullshit.
Merrick. Garland.
POTUS nominees so far have been universally atrocious.
Keep up the good work sir!
