YOU ARE A TRAITOR PROTECTING REPUBLICAN @GOP OVER OUR COUNTRY! WE WILL NEVER FORGET THIS!
Remember your words from September? #impeachTrumpnow #Obstructionofjustice
It's up to the NYT to provide Comey's memo? Really? So you are abdicating your duty?
Now's the time to act, Senator, for the good of country.
Any comment on the ethics complaint against you?

Do your damn job!!!
You're a joke and an ongoing embarrassment to this state. Which is hard to do at this point.
At this point who can believe your motives? Funny how your response differs from others who know Comey. Do the right thing!
@MarkWarner
Way to dodge your responsibility. Its not up to the NYT to do your job. They weren't voted into office. You're a coward.
WTH? You believe lying Trump over Comey? I pick Comey!  Time to get a special prosecutor!
I live in Raleigh.  Who is working for the country?  Not you guys!  Spend  your time on every bit of fake news.  Who supports our President?
Wonderful to participate in your #TownHall .. oh wait you haven't had one of those
#ComeyChaos #memo is #US property so it's up to #Congress #Senate to produce not @nytimes #NorthCarolina voted you in & will vote you out
With you, why is it always about motor vehicles? Oh, that's right, they all use oil and gas. 
COWARD. TRAITOR. How much $ was your soul worth?
You continue to avoid doing your job!! I would feel better if you multi tasked. We need to know you are Loyal to NC Not  Trump #DoYourJob
BURR, WE DO *NOT* TRUST YOU.
POTUS-VP-all Civil Ofcs of US shall be removed from Ofc Impeach for & Convict of Treason Bribery or high Crimes & Misdemeanors.
Why don't you do your job and get to the bottom of all this? Are you complicit?
Would be wonderful if u did yr job instead of impeding #TrumpRussiaInvestigation! Now there's an obst of justice complaint on u too. #UNFIT
Complicit. Traitor. Your career is over.
This is how you will be remembered. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Why do you hate America?
Libraries are a valuable part of my community! Please sign the LSTA & IAL Dear Appropriator letters and #SaveIMLS
"Oh, the wheels on the bus roll over Trump, Trump, Trump!"
Don't care.  We want answers about Trump-Russia, and as a goddamned US Senator, you should too!!!
Choices are now stark....treason or democracy?  Should be simple choice.  Honor your oath!.  #BlockFBI #IndependentCommission
Do your job and please issue a subpoena for Fmr. FBI Comey's memo about meeting with @potus. #SpecialProsecutor
Burr, you big weasel!! Afraid to stand up for the US ? You should be ashamed!  We see you 
I'll give you some education, Senator:
IT IS YOUR JOB TO FIND THE #COMEYMEMO
You are supposed to be investigating #TrumpRussia, not @nytimes
Obstruction of Justice. Trump must go! DO YOUR JOB
Hey did you get thru to the WH about that federal crime yet? You know, the one you're giving a free pass to an insane alliance-destroyer to?
You should keep calling
I knew John & Pat Thomas in the late 70s from working at Atlantic Aero,now gone from NC owned to Carlyle Group.NC habit 2 give others Greats


McMaster comes across like
Dwayne Johnson as Paul Doyle (based on Carl Weekes, Stevenson Pierre, and Jorge Delgado) in PAIN & GAIN. 
You have no comment about Trump giving Russia classified info?  #trumprussia
OUR NATIONAL SECURITY IS AT RISK
IMPEACH NOW
MY FAMILY IS TERRIFIED 
PLEASE HELP US
That's nice but how about Trump giving our allies' intel to Russia? Shocking that u don't care. Is there kompromat on you too? #TrumpRussia
Hope Donny tries out his "5th Ave shooter" theory in delusional break already suffering, conflates Graham/Cruz & shoots you on Senate floor
Are you doing anything about Trump putting this country in danger? DO SOMETHING!!! DO YOUR JOB!
Hey Burr. Just wanted to make sure you didn't forget about me. I see you forgot about our IC & Constitution. You gave up OUR Country for $.
Please begin the Impeachment process immediately. 45 needs to go. You know it, we know it - please do it! He is a disgrace to our democracy!
Looks like Russia doesn't have to steal our secrets anymore because the asshole in Oval Office gives them away. Allegedly. You suck! Resign!

Congress spent millions when Obama misspoke about the CIA operation at Benghazi.

Yet Trump just gives info to the Russians

Trump may not have revealed sources & methods but he revealed CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to our enemy. What's it going to take?
Sen Burr.Please address the issue that Pres Trump gave classified intel to the Russians in his meeting the other day. this is frightening.
Impeach Trump! Reveals our top secrets to Russians! Republicans are dereliction of duty!
Trump revealed TOP SECRET intel to Russia that endangers our European allies.  Are you FINALLY going to do something about it?
Please explain @washingtonpost breaking news that Trump leaked classified info to Russians during their visit.
by dragging your feet you are part of the coverup. Fed prison time.
the Republican Party is officially the party of Kompromat. I hope you all go to jail.
It would be wonderful for you to actually participate in the Russia investigation but I have no faith that you will do your job.
get  back to work. Investigate Trump and Russian connections or resign. It's that simple. Stop aiding the Traitor Trump.
The confirmed and illegal leaks to the press in the Trump Russia scandal have come from Donald Trump, Mike Pence, Mike Flynn,
Mike Pompeo, head of the CIA, who, sources say, is greatly distrusted because he chose to leak to the press at the behest of Sean Spicer,
along with Senator Burr, chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, and Devin Nunes, the former chairman of the House Intelligence Com
U r  one of the confirmed leaks!?!?
Trump:  Obstruction of justice; collusion with the Russians.  #impeach

Hi @SenatorBurr! Word around town is you know there's 0 evidence on General Flynn but just want to bankrupt him via litigation. Comment?
That's nice...truly...but you have bigger fish to fry right now. For the love of God, pursue Trump-Russia investigation.
GOP Congress had more respect for a billionaire tax cut than the rule of law.
Isn't obstruction of justice a reason for Impeachment? It's time to dust off section 4 of the 25th Amendment! We're not safe with Trump!
You need to do your job. We elected you if u don't get with it u won't be there next election
No wonder NC tried 2 get rid of Burr! Warner is CHAIRING Senate Investigation! What about real crime Obama spying Reporters & Republicans!!!
You can do the right thing or the wrong thing with the Trump-Russian probe. Please make NC proud and listen to God.
Reminder:  we have a mentally unstable POTUS who has committed treason.  Put country before party.
Townhall please. We have questions about how you feel about healthcare.
History will recall what you do, or don't do, please remember us average American's out here, praying you will do what is right,indp. comm
I ask you to please do what is right for this country,  we urgently need an INDEPENDENT commission for this matter of DT + russia
Get back to Trump and Russia
Why are you avoiding getting to the truth on Russia & Trump? It seems the GOP fears info coming out that might also incriminate them?
POTUS had constitutional & full authority to FIRE incompetent Corrupt Comey. Siding with vile lying Dems will end your career.
#FundandFix Obamacare
can't find anything ? Certain you are not looking very hard # doyourjob
Burr will do ANYTHING to stop the #TrumpRussia Investigation.

Even call Reporters and say 

Nothing to see here....
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Call @SenatorBurr office at (800) 685-8916 and leave voice mail on ext 12, 14 & let his staff know #impeachTrump. @NCGOP @WRAL @NCIS_CBS
Yes yes yes do it. Trump had two scoops of ice cream instead of one like the rest! Impeach him!
These buses carry precious cargo!  But this Russia thing, Russian press and no US press during the Russia meeting?  Are YOU OK with this?
Go back to DC, you love the swamp
THx Senator. Hope u see that you hold the fate of our democracy.  Please, u are working for all of the American People.. Pursue the facts
NC voters will soon be getting rid of ineffective senators and congressmen.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/charlotteobserver.relaymedia.com/amp/news/business/article135450384.html … #Alevo #Russia #MKATE Burr, you're in so much trouble. #Resign #PowerGrid
Town hall? Independent investigation? I'd be fired if I refused to do my job the way you do.
We here at the Cherokee Boys Club have the finest bus service in the state! Come visit us
Constitution and country first. Do not become another ruined victim of our Narcissist in Chief. He is loyal to no one.
it would be even more wonderful if you had and participated in a town hall.   BTW when is that going to happen??
Extend the Russia  probe to HRC and Podesda and their "Russia" dealings. If you were serious, you would do this. I will also retweet
You can thank Trump for increase in manufacturing but you won't cause you are a never Trumper. Why don't u and McCain Switch to Dem party

How can so many Americans be so blind about hellary and podestas ties to Russia?  They got millions in giving them our uranium
Libs don't care . It's only about making up stuff about Trump that isn't true
They are the swamp creatures and they want to get rid of Trump to hide their crimes! #Pedophilia #SpiritCooking #SellingOutAmerica #Greed
Ready to put your big boy pants on an stamp your legacy and convince NC you care about us? Solidify your legacy by urging an Ind Prosecutor
You're a rino.
He's an anti Trumper . Trump support stronger than ever but never Trumpers like Burr and McCain STILL Dont get it and never will
#IndependentInvestigation
#SpecialProsecutor
#MoneyLaundering
#TrumpRussia
INVESTIGATE Trump!
I agree we should have an independent investigator on trump/Russia and one on Hilary/e-mails
Uh, you showed up at Thomas Built Buses for a photo op. Wanna participate? Independent investigation of Trump/Russian collusion.
Thanks for sharing. Looks like you have a few immature haters following you.Sad to see democrats can't accept defeat.
This is great. I love these bus are manufactured in NC

But, the wheels are falling off the bus in DC right now!

#IndependentInvestigation
We need an independent investigation into #trumprussia ties!  The republicans will go down in history as traitors!
Get lost
Terrific. Now appoint a special prosecutor.
We appreciate that you have other obligations as Senator, but America needs you laser-focused on Russia, scenes like this make us nervous
We want answers about Trump! When & where is your next town hall meeting?
Teacher pay is 35th in the nation--great work for such low pay
Get back to D.C. and take care of business! Trump is a criminal!
Do you have children? Grandchildren? What kind of country are you going to leave them?
You're going to know my name by heart, by the time this over with. Horrible, you're my senator.  #traitor #PutinsPuppet #TeamTreason
That's nice, now get to work on that special investigator. You have a job to do Senator.
I will continue to post it on EVERY TWEET  TRAITOR!!! 
You took Russian money and left paperwork trail. Should've been smarter. @FBI already has the evidence. Be scared! You're going down!!
You got more important things to be cracking on with

do your job., tax returns would clear up so much.  This is going to destroy more than DJT.  you have the power @maddow
What are you doing to save this country from the heinous threat within? We need a special prosecutor and an independent investigation.
Trump told the Deputy AG in charge of Russia to write him a memo he could use to fire Trump, and he did it.  Time for special prosecutor.
That's great but how about that Russia thing...call for independent prosecutor!
He took Russian money. He's guilty and left paper trail. Fbi already on it.
