Honored to serve North Carolinians in the U.S. Senate with @SenatorBurr! #NationalSelfieDay #ncpol 
Hey, Skippy. Vote no on Trumpcare and stand with you fellow North Carolineans
Can't you work with the Democrats and work on a health care bill that serves us all. Fix it. Show leadership. Fix the bill.
Neither of you are doing a very good job.
Please don't take aware healthcare from your constituents. Fight for a open and fair debate on care that works for all. Vote against AHCA.
If you & @ThomTillis want to serve North Carolinians, stop taking selfies and go vote "no" on this latest healthcare bill.
That baffoon Tillis is an NC embarrasment. Crazy to suggest restaurant workers shouldn't be required to wash hands. Don't be dumbed down.
Hey Skippy! Vote No on TrumpCare. This bill takes away from the poor and gives to the rich. We'll remember and vote you out.
Can we get a better answer on I77  fellas?
Vote NO on GOP wealthcare bill!. Don't rob MEDICARE trust of $117 billion to give to the 400 wealthiest people.
Vote NO on the Senate Health care bill That's how you  serve North Carolina
@SenThomTillis @RichardCooklish 

Please oppose this new health care bill.
Please Mr. Burr don't vote for this health care bill! Our lives are at stake. We feel so powerless and only you can help us. Winston Salem.
Senator Burr, compel Susan Rice to testify on her misdeeds & prevent her from stashing intelligence records in garbage dump Obama library.
Sen Burr, compel Trump to stop lying! Read the NYTs that has all his lies listed since he took office. Many, many lies. He is a disgrace.
If winning is a disgrace, Trump is very disgraceful!!
Ugh. I just vomited in my mouth. #trumppuppets
Oh! So that is what my Senators look like. Been asking for a town hall for months...????
I don't know how either of you sleep at night!
THE TRUTH. NONE OF THEM TRULY CARE ABOUT THE WORKING CLASS!!!!!!!
Glad you're both well but PLEASE consider the millions of NC voters who will suffer under #trumpcare. Especially seniors!
We suffered enough under eight years of incompetence. Trumpcare will at least stop the bleeding of ObamaNoCare.

Hey "Skippy"! How about actually DOING something for the people of NC? Try fixing our health care for a start. (Tone deaf much?)
$30,000 a year. Let them prove their worth as a "public servant" we need to start NOW!  ORGANIZE AND MAKE IT HAPPEN. OPEN YOUR EYES AND SEE
Have to literally beg them to do the right thing and while were at it we also need ro put a 3 year seat cap on along with a min/max of
I think its time to clean out all the houses on both sides. Its obvious they have too many special intrest if they didn't then we wouldn't
Wow, just wow. DEMOCRATS and REPUBLICANS are con artist. They make promises to us and their funders then only worry about the funders
Both the crooks have been bought and paid for
Watch footage of protest outside @SenateMajLdr office better yet go talk to those people + their families! I've worked with many on Medicaid
How about doing good instead of just looking!  Representing your own wallets!
Both of you should pack your bags if you vote yes on the horrible AHCA.
@SenThomTillis serve North Carolinians by voting NO on AHCA
Crop out @SenThomTillis and you're all good man.
This is what you do instead of checking your messages?
Would be great to see you and Sen Tiliis take a selfie after your vote to support NC Hospitals
Please support President! Investigate Comey/Lynch/Clinton.  Pass healthcare!  No August recess/work!  Pass tax reform asap.
. Oh Lord.  It's just so White.  And, Skippy, as in I'll just skippy over the need to share the @gop version of #ACHA.
Are you voting yes or no on Trumpcare?
This has my blood boiling. They don't care about our healthcare or anything else.
You and @senthomtillis are both reprehensible.
This is cute and all, while you're together can you agree not to support a healthcare plan so bad McConnell won't let it see the light.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP don't care much @treason because @GOP benefited from hacking+received laundered money? #complicit #TrumpRussia #impeach
Ugh - how about working and reading the awful Trumpcare bill your bros wrote.  No patient or MD organization supports this - including AMA!
Get a room
and @SenThomTillis  What is in #Trumpcare #wealthcare You both need to vote on the side of Americans and VOTE NO to this Tax break for rich
Why can't you both propose some fixes to aca that work for middle class and poor Americans rather than worrying about tax cuts for the rich?
Hope you washed your hands, Burr. No, I mean before shaking hands with Typhoid Tommy not washing your hands of the misery of the Sen HC plan
I think you mean you're ;)
How do you think kicking people off of Medicaid is going to effect the Opioid epidemic? More people die of this every year than car crashes.
Medicaid is cheaper than having people go without care, believe it or not. For many reasons. Here's 1 http://www.newsweek.com/heroin-addiction-costs-us-more-50-billion-year-626983?amp=1 …
I think you meant to say, "working for the rich white male North Carolinians."  But I can read between the lines.  SAY NO TO TRUMPCARE!
Don't vote for AHCA. Don't continue to support our corrupt and unqualified President. Represent the people of NC instead of corporate donors
No it proves that identity politics won that race and that it was closer than should have been for a gerrymandered district
Where's the bill, man?
Hey Richie, how's about you & Skippy get back inside & vote NO on TrumpCare?
Agreed. If you care about your constituents, please vote no.
They don't care. How many times do they have to prove it to us?
Voted for you both!
He's not running for reelection. Already said that but maybe he's full of shit. Who knows?
Consider changing Medicaid to sliding scale based on ability to pay w income parameters. Expansion would be offset and not such a burden!
Please stop taking selfies and tell us North Carolinians what you are doing to our health care. Skippy.
Skippy? Whatever.  If you vote for the AHCA, you don't deserve your office, you will be doing a grave disservice to your constituents.
How's that Senate healthcare bill coming along? CBO score?
