Replace with what?  What precisely was harmful about Obamacare, and how will the replacement plan do better?
As a hard-working North Carolinian changing careers, I need affordable health insurance NOT based on my job. #ImproveNotRepeal
Local constituent actually like ACA! Reduced my cost by half at first. Still pay over $100 less than my plan before ACA
Do the right thing for NC. Vote NO on DeVos and Sessions and do NOT repeal the ACA. We're watching.
Sad that you would so easily take away medical care from those who need it. Your next election won't be easy.
can you assure us there in fact will be a replacement before it is repealed? Many outlets are reporting otherwise.
Please stop lying to the American people. ACA has helped American to have access to medical treatment.Stop supporting Lobbyist
95,000 children in North Carolina are insured under ACA.  You are endangering their lives.  No repeal w/o replacement.
Constituent from 28602; Obamacare/ACA helps my little sister get the treatment she needs to recover.  Don't leave her behind.
I can and do, live w/in my means. Who I am referring to is mentally ill and cannot work, on her mothers insurance.
Lessons in compassion especially if Sen Burr can select friends!
you are wrong.
what is the replacement? American lives are at stake here, and you have provided no info about a viable alternative. Shame!
This is not what the great state of North Carolina wants.
You had 6 years to work on making the ACA better. You did NOTHING! If I did nothing at my job I would be FIRED!
well we know what NC voters will do! Get ready sir!! You're times up?
stay out of people's personal business. Stay on track. Phone or not senator burrs wrong, how much r u getting paid?
Republicans have had 8 years- before you kick millions off of health insurance, where's the better plan?
now all of a sudden you want to work. Selfish, but you kept your promise not 2 support Pres O. Senseless
Many of us our protected by the ACA & are stressed about talk to get rid of it. #saveACA
will the "replace" be real?
What replacement? Show us what you've got otherwise you have no street cred on this.
.@SenatorBurr @POTUS You will be voted  out of office if you take our health care away!
Vote him out anyway healthcare or not!!!
You clearly don't care about most of America's perspective on health care. Preexisting conditions? Veteran's health?
how to manage family business w/o Health Ins.  With a 3 yr old & baby on the way the stress of not knowing is agonizing.
we ask YOU to represent US and you're not!!
We'd like the same health care you get.
That my tax dollars pay for!!!
please give me the same insurance plan that your family has. As a tax payer I'm paying for it anyway.
Grab a clipboard, knock on doors & ask 4 people's phone number 2 send out a group msg to call reps.
They're very busy investigating that Trump guy.
I love fucking w/ people like you & you give me SO much to work with!
I'm an idiot. He's a satirist.
will you give Trump as much of a hard time as you gave Obama??? Something wrong with that
"Harmful damage" of providing 20-30 million ppl with health ins. @GOP has NO affordable replacement plan, only LIES.
you seem intent on getting rid of ACA. Just make sure you have a better cheaper plan to replace it with before you do!
STOP...LEAVE ACA ALONE.  You are hurting millions of Americans.
I benefited from ACA, so what do u have to replace it?
You are so cynical, sir. You are giving us relief from protection against catastrophic medical illness and bankrutpcy.
because people dying is so much better. At least have a plan first
I am your constituent and I support the ACA. It gave me affordable heath care  despite my preexisting condition
As one of your constituents I do not support the repeal of the ACA. Please listen to your voicemail and read your mail.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Do you happen to know what they're "replacing" it with?
sir as one of your constituents I have GREATLY helped by the Affordable Care Act #countrybeforeparty
 @tamcfall. Being on wrong side of life & death issue affecting 22 million will be answered next year in voting booth
I was able to keep my doctor too. Rather than throw ins market into utter chaos, pls repair #ACA & rename if you need to
it's not right to tell only 1 side. As small bus owner, my premium & deductible are much lower under ACA, & with better insurer
we the people do not except your alternative facts. ACA helping not hurting Americans. Your   constituent #SaveObamacare
Do you not understand how many constituents rely on this? Perhaps your health care should be taken away
Until there's a tangible replacement there is no 'repeal and replace'.  There's only repeal and you'll be one of those held accountable.
Give the US people the healthcare you in congress have. I'd love to have lifetime care for one term of "work" #healthcare
 are fricking kidding me?!? How about the senate giving their FREE healthcare away? What a joke you are  #TheResistance
hey, Dick, since you're getting rolid of the ACA, I guess you'll give up your govt healthcare.  Right, cupcake?
thanks Dick, for wanting citizens to die because of no health care!
this coming from a state that ranks 22 in federal tax dependency. HMMM....
can you explain the "damage" that you did not help cause by cutting funding? #Burrstepdown
Please keep healthcare affordable.  I am 61 and self employed.  If you replace Obamacare, make sure its a better system
yes, thank you for killing us slowly and limiting our Healthcare options. 
...And YOU will "take steps" to ensure a "better plan" is in place before HARMFULLY taking away ACA benefits?
the Affordable Care Act is not harmful! Call it Trumpcare and move on!
But it will kill 43,000 annually. https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2017/01/23/repealing-the-affordable-care-act-will-kill-more-than-43000-people-annually/?utm_term=.7f388d89efda …
It's been a couple of days, how's that replacement plan coming? @SenatorBurr @POTUS #MakeAmericaSickAgain #GotNothing #LISTEN
Millions of American lives are counting on a viable replacement to the ACA. Don't let us down.
Harvard physicians estimate nearly 44K DEATHS each year due to ACA repeal. http://usuncut.com/politics/harvard-doctors-obamacare-repeal/ …
the people don't want #ACA gone. But SOON they ALL will certainly want you gone!
I disagree with you my Senator. Repeal will disadvantage millions especially those with fewer resources.
You guys are harmful for trying to take away our healthcare! Fix it but don't waste money starting over! #FixDontNix
What utter BS. Clearly all of your relatives are so rich they don't have to depend upon ACA. Mine aren't so lucky.
How is health ins harmful?
.@SenatorBurr @POTUS We will be repealing  and replacing you Mr. BURR!!!
.@SenatorBurr @POTUS This is the number for Burr's Washington office:
202 224 3154
Save it to your phone, call every day!
Don't leave millions of people without insurance.
where's the replace?
@faintingproject our senator hard at work ignoring his constituency
As your constituent, I completely disagree. Taking healthcare away from Americans is NOT helpful #SaveACA @SenatorBurr @POTUS
as one of your NC constituents, I am appalled and dismayed by the dismantling of healthcare in America.
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO!
okay
My family benefits from Obamacare. What are you doing to make sure we won't get denied health care?
6 yrs ago, my son could not work due to illness.  He was helped by ACA and is now a productive member of society.
I am not in favor of repealing Obamacare unless and until you have a workable replacement. Shameful to act rashly.
Leave. Our healthcare and Medicare and social security  alone .
Burr needs to go. Join our New attempt to organize a defense. Follow & post to #TheResistanceNC
My son who has pre-existing condition benefited from the ACA/Obamacare. What about him? Sorry,I don't agree/"like" this @POTUS
How about fixing parts of the law. Instead of working on repealing for last 8 yrs, Republicans should have formulated a plan.
I fundamentally disagree with your work to take health care away from millions of Americans. #whywemarch
I am a constituent and you are about to be bombarded with letters. Healthcare should be a right not a privilege for 1%!
Tweet this number:
Richard Burr 202 224 3154
The ACA is necessary for millions of Americans. Do not dismantle it.
Let's put all Americans on the same healthcare government worker's have and we will all be treated equal.
we will remember your words...  We will make the change in NC. #BurrMustGo
I know I am screaming at a wall, but you are a cowardly little man that seeks wealth and power. Will you give us cake?
do you honestly not see that an unregulated health care market skews supply demand? How much is your life worth? All your $?
Because having health insurance is a bad, bad, thing
I love that you call keeping Americans alive "harmful damage."
why are you trying to put up barriers to care for small business owners?
@BCBSNC was able to give out a 34% raise to CEO last year. And you blame ACA for costs?
ACA saves lives.
Ashton Kutcher - America we have been PUNKED
@FoxNews @MSNBC 
ACA WILL SURVIVE, BECAUSE GOP HAVE NO REPLACEMENT!!
I am losing my insurance BECAUSE of ACA community rating & guaranteed issue. #FullRepeal is what you promised and what I need.
You are losing your insurance because community rating and guaranteed issue?? So you want there to be nothing?? Don't follow ur logic here
And thank you for making it harder for working families to afford #HUD mortgages! Making America Great, huh? #SHAMEFUL
.@SenatorBurr @POTUS please say #pinotnoir is now covered
...the top one percent of Americans, you mean.
Hope you both looked out of your office windows today to see your future.
you are clueless as to needs of your constituents.
I continue to marvel at your unfounded support of this man. I am disappointed to have you as a senator from NC.
making lives worse and violating promises of replacement before repeal. Lining your coffers with the pain of people.
where have you been? We got rid of Republican Gov and now have Democrat http://Gov.Cooper.you  are next
I don't thank him or you at all unless you replace with universal health care for us all. Health care is a human right.
please read my comments on your FB page.
do you mind that today he said to CIA that we might invade Iraq and take over their oil fields?
how does your plan help any low income citizen get health insurance when the subsidy depends only on age? #saveourcare
Yes and do your job Richard
Do you listen to your constituents when we call, write and tweet @SenatorBurr? When will u respond to the ppl of NC? We will only get louder
you know that is not what he did!
How will you decrease costs and keep everyone covered. We're waiting. We need to know what we are getting.
See us! We elect you, i'm watching you Senator Burr, if you do not see us, we will see you gone.
Right. Why should EVERYONE have health care? You've got yours, and that's all that matters.
you're the worst Senator
I believe that you are out of touch with your average constituent concerning healthcare.
Sycophant.
Do you even read the replies to your tweets? We don't want this.
Please don't take our health insurance away!
you really are out of touch! Have you been listening to the the millions of Americans the ACA helped
So where is the replacement? #SaveACA #WomensMarch #medicare4all The blood in on your hands.
Upwards of 10K marching in Charlotte, while you gloat over damaging their insurance coverage. #acaworks #giveupyourown
Are you paying attention to what is happening? Cut on a TV, listen to your constituents.
You are wrong senator. We want you to fix the ACA not repeal it. People will die and those lives will be on you and those who voted repeal
better pay attention. #womensmarchonRaleigh
Can you thank the new president for making me pay more for health insurance now.
oh please. If you actually cared about us, Senator, you wouldn't be voting yes for unqualified cronies like DeVos.
Health care should not depend on free markets economies #SaveOurCare #SaveACA
there is no relief look at the numbers demonstrating today across the US & in NC expand the ACA or #HealthCareForAll
thank you for participating in this effort to kill people who cannot get adequate insurance on their own. #SaveOurCare
repeal without an approved plan is totally irresponsible. #ACA #executiveorders @SenThomTillis @RepDavidEPrice
I am one of your constituents and I want the Affordable Care Act upheld.
@DallasWoodhouse @POTUS [Citation Needed] I'm gonna need some evidence for that claim.
It's #TrumpCare now! You break it, you own it.
6 years of complaining about ACA and Rs don't have a plan to replace ACA?  Sad.
replacement? Feel free to elaborate. Keep towing that line.
.@SenatorBurr I am your constituent. We'll be organizing phone calls to your office. Obamacare has helped so many get good care @POTUS
- Please connect with me Senator burr needs to know we are his constituents not the NRA or The Insurance Co.s'
Taking away healthcare is an amazing thing of which to be thankful. No more doctor for me. Hope I don't have cancer. 
Besides clearing the way for a tax cut for the 1%, what are you guys actually doing that will make healthcare better?
America is a burning hellscape that can only be healed by uninsuring workers and making it harder for them to buy a home
What is your plan for replacement?
Better have something to replace it. . Trump poll #s in toilet. Low # at inauguration compared to marches today.
- Yes well Senator Burr after securing his seat can shove it up our butts 
.@SenatorBurr you car "The Thing" has insurance, why shouldn't your constituents? #moreimportant #NC
I think you meant to say life-saving access to healthcare. ACA IS relief. There needs to be much more thoughtful action
.@SenatorBurr majority of Americans want to keep Obamacare #representativedemocracy #ncpol #NC
You can keep your Trump, we'd rather have our healthcare.
We WANT Obamacare!  Give up your own health insurance first.
all people deserve healthcare.
I am a constituent of yours, Mr. Burr.  I am a working mother in Charlotte.  I want Medicare for all.
I will continue to ask until you provide an answer. What does replacement look like to you? North Carolinians deserve an answer
Why do you hate poor people? Why do you hate sick people?  They don't donate money to you?
- No in order to get Mr Burr's Attention you have to be NRA or Ins industry dumping money in his pockets 
Do you have a better idea? We're open to listen. Why take health care away?
bad move
Thank you @SenatorBurr for ignoring how literally 1000s of your constituents are marching against this RIGHT NOW in Raleigh and DC. @TWW_NC
I believe the number is 17,000 - 20,000 in #raleighwomensmarch though that is unconfirmed.
What harmful damage?
turn on the news. Every continent is protesting you.
Look out your window or turn on your tv. Your thanks is misplaced.
What about the harmful effects of cancer? #CoverageMatters
you really do hate Americans that aren't rich white and old don't you!
I am a constituent. My best friend died before Obamacare because she couldn't afford insurance or care.  My daughter lived because of it.
I can't afford insurance. You are making my life harder.
