Happy birthday! Please pass tax reform- NO EXCUSES!!
Look at the Dems build the wall crooks
Nice tweet. 

Are you going to speak out against using disaster relief funds to build the wall? Ppl will literally die if you misuse this $$
Seriously? Get informed...stop watching CNN
Hey Skippy and Dippy, the tax "reform" your dipstick POTUS is pushing is tax cuts for wealthy and cash-rich corporations.  Stop it!
You & Skippy need to get out of the Senate. You are only concerned w/ donors & lobbyists. You don't give a hoot about the ppl of NC.
Wish you and Skippy would consider representing middle class NC.
How about you & Skiippy do what is right for the US & impeach our lying, incompetent, narcissist, golfing, crooked president?
Come on man! The Senate doesn't impeach.  That is the responsibility of the House.  If you don't know the basics stop voting!
Have either one of you spoken up about Charlottesville or @realDonaldTrump remarks or pardoning of Joe Arpaio? #Cowards
Now if you two can just get tax reform and healthcare done this year? Don’t forget to include All of Congress in any legislation.
Do you two go over to Mitch's place to play? And to get your marching orders. Any Democrats  ever invited? Any real people? Play nice!
Are you honestly going to take away help for flood victims in order to build the stupid wall and to cut taxes on people who are already rich
Voting both you anti trump out in 2018. If no independent I will not vote at all that will be first time I don't vote in my life.
I don't like either of the but Burr won't be on any ballot in 2018 
2 RINOS in a POD! Too bad you are both not up for re-election or you'd BOTH BE GONE! Tillis can stick his AMNESTY/CITIZENSHIP bill!
Keep up the good work Senator. I'm a new resident from Texas to your great state&I look forward to following you. Expecting to see progress.
You will be disappointed in these two. They care nothing about the people of NC.
Hard to tell from this photo which suit is emptier
Y'all both need to be investigating Trump...
A pleasure to work with my friend Skippy every day to undermine the rights and freedoms of millions of N.C. voters we don't value.
Kiss! I want to see you kiss! 
Screw both of u crooks
Your buddy Tillis is a traitor to us all, us little people. He is a cheap labor RINO, are you?
I sure hope both of you DO SOMETHING to allow the DACA Dreamers to stay.  Get to work and don't allow this racist admin to throw them out.
Deplorables.
Nice that the two of you can meet together. How about either of you meeting with us NC voters. TOWN HALL PLEASE, GUYS!!!!
Cute couple!
Oh, brother. North Carolina must do better.
Skippy? We nick-name adults 'Skippy'?  My pets get better nick-names than that!
Stop holding up @POTUS's agenda and nominees.
A couple of Trump Sympathizers on the wrong side of history that put party before country at the detriment of us all. Shame on you.
Ban old people from using the internet please.
If only you worked for us instead of yourselves.
How long are you going to cover up the fact that our President is an agent of Putin? Demand to see his taxes before any tax discussion.
That's nice, did Tillis take $8MIL from @SenateMajLdr's SuperPAC like you did, SenBurr? How much was dark Ru$$ian $?http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/04/new-report-reveals-mcconnell-ryan-took-millions-russian-oligarch-tied-putin/ …
I wish you'd work on getting that mad men out of office. America is better than that.
How about both of you start supporting @realDonaldTrump #draintheswamp
Will you and Skippy ever work for the people of North Carolina or will you continue to support the party line over the people?
28753 here Happy Birthday
Bleep you both!
Republicans are looking at cutting nearly $1 billion from disaster accounts to help finance Trump's border wall. http://apne.ws/mIcJW2P 
How about a Town Hall, gentlemen? Still haven't seen one happen. Unscreened. With your constituents. @IndivisiblesNC
Happy Birthday, Thom.  if you have a town hall, I will personally sing happy birthday to you.  let me know where and when.

Pass TAX REFORM! FAILURE WILL BE 100% ON CONGRESS!
our elected representatives

Why don't you get to work investigating Trump?
You are sorry assed RINOS! Burr let the  Dems carry out a Witch Hunt on POTUS and Tillis is blocking nominees to get Foreign Workers!
How about you two get on board with @POTUS agenda?  Repeal/replace OCare, reform tax/immigration laws, build wall for starters.
"Skippy" that figures. You must be "dopey".
Both are evil crooked and hateful men
Happy Birthday! Use This Event to Do Something For Our Nation! Introduce Comprehensive Immigration Bill & Stop Deportation Until Law Fixed!
There are Hundreds of Undocumented Immigrants Rescuing Flood Victims, Working Side by Side With Texans! America is Great & Good Example!
What are the two of y'all doing about genx in Wilmington nc?
Where do you guys work? We haven't had any senators do a town hall.
You two need to roll up your sleeves and get Rid of Obamacare and get tax cuts done.
ok it is totally endearing that you call him Skippy that makes me smile. HBD Senator
What are you doing about health care and tax reform and the victims of Harvey.
Happy Birthday Senator, I hope you have a good one!!!
Why do you 2 traitors want to replace USA citizens with foreigners on our own soil?
Burr and Russia
RINOs will have a hard time getting the base to vote for them over ANY primary challenger
HBD! But to be clear, you don't support a president who commits treason to win an election do you? #ImpeachTrump

Awwww!!!  Happy birthday sir!  We appreciate you both!
What about your pal Jelly?
