People of NC scream NO DEVOS! But seems you and @SenatorTillis have deaf ears to all but sound of $$! Shameful.
Thank you!
even though she herself plagiarizes and doesn't know a THING about public education!
How so, Senator?  Does she even know what children are?  I don't believe she's spent a day in a public classroom?
you can't believe that Betsy Devos is qualified
knows nothing about public education. Zero experience. So how exactly do you figure that?
She is UNQUALIFIED for the job. Would you hire me, a teacher, to be your heart surgeon? I hope not.
Maybe the head of HUD?
Is he going to surgeon folks into fair housing? Since when does inexperience = getting high ranking job?
Since a reality star became president.
YUP. Jesus take the wheel.
Jesus took a cab, and is long gone.
I saw Him in an Uber. #scabs
I don't doubt that she is committed - but she has NO experience or even basic knowledge of IDEA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#TaketheDeVosPledge I am a teacher in NC . If you support this nomination I will not support you next election
Your beliefs are your beliefs, have 'em keep 'em love 'em. The data, however, as presented by even supporters of charters, say the opposite.
listen to your constituents and not the person providing $$ for your campaign.
you have turned ur back on the people of NC u are unfit to represent NC
she is not qualified to run a federal department this is exactly why the American people are fed up with Washington
And this is the guy who heads up the Senate Intelligence Committee !
Apart from yourself, who the heck are you fooling?
because she gave you $43,500?
please reconsider your vote for DeVos. We can do better. #protectIDEA #highlyqualified? #integritychallenged
well Burr voted. There goes the neighborhood, education abolished, I'll keep praying.
U Blieve that lie??? You were bought!! You can't be trusted.
She is not qualified...only rich....Vote NO. Do that which is right for our children...not politics...rise above it
would you let an accountant perform heart surgery on you? Well then why would @BetsyDeVos run our education policy unqualified!
is that you or the DeVos money talking? Vote no on DeVos or be voted out. Doubt us? Go talk to McCrory
Maybe she's committed 2 it but if she knows anything about doing it, she didn't exhibit it in the hearing.  Vote No
you are wrong sir. This is an unequivocally unqualified person for this role. It is not even debatable. #rightsideofhistory
She is not qualified for the position.
On what planet?
DeVos highly unqualified if you care, vote NO. Don't make me regret voting for u thinking you'd do the right thing.
after funding gets cut and good teachers are gone because they can't afford them?
it is usually the class dunce who win Republican seats. Incapable of common sense
your constituents asked you to vote NO. We will remember this come election time.
It is time for you to listen to the thousands and thousands of bipartisan educators and parents that disagree.
PLEASE VOTE NO! Show the people of North Carolina that you represent them and you are not a rubber stamp for Trump
you should vote NO. Listen to the calls to your sons cellphone.
She is not qualified. She should hold all schools to the same standards. Assure all kids have equal access
you believe that if u don't vote to confirm the money will be cut off
Please reconsider and listen to your constituents who have begged you to NOT vote for DeVos! Our kids deserve better!
she is absolutely not qualified. Even major charter school supporters oppose her!
what in her background or statements has led you to this belief?Pls consider any more qualified candidate
She does not have the skills or experience, however, to make this happen.
Your responsibility is to the welfare of North Carolinians. You are not abiding in that responsibility with DeVos.
- PLEASE change your vote to oppose #DeVos. Be courageous like @SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski!! Please. For the children!
If she's in charge we're telling kids plagiarism is okay. They don't need to do hw, they can just steal it like @BetsyDeVos
is that based on her plagerism or her checks to your campaign? #disgraceful #betsyboughtyourvote
You have the opportunity to be a courageous voice of reason and say "no" to Betsy DeVos. Please do.
Very pleased to hear #RichardBurr supports eventual appointment of #DeVos! Get her to work for US now!
you are wrong. The sec of education should believe in a quality, free, accessible education for all kids. #NoDevos
so much for the President of the people. your constituents are begging you to listen to us. Vote NO!
pls do not vote yes to @BetsyDevos. She is woefully unqualified. Pls put this partisan bs aside & do what's right for our kids
you are missing the mark Senator Burr.
you are delusional . @BetsyDeVos has no business directing education.
are not clouding your judgment. Please listen to the concerns of your constituents 3/3
with special needs I was appalled she knew little of IDEA. I hope her financial contributions to your campaign 2/3
I'm sure she is a nice person but she is not qualified to lead our education system. As a mother of a child...
please reconsider your support. She has NO public school experience and little knowledge of IDEA.
The only thing she is committed to is buying her nomination. Betsy Devos' family donated $43,200 to your campaign.
@watchyourReps Of course you do, you have at least $43,200 reasons to! http://blogs.edweek.org/edweek/campaign-k-12/DeVos%20Contribution%20Data%20%282%29.xlsx … #NoOnDevos
You mean the private school children, right?
Elaborate on why you believe @BetsyDeVos will help NC children.
You couldn't be more wrong about Betsy DeVos.  Donating millions to politicians does not make her qualified.
a woman Who has never set foot in a public school is not qualified to lead education in our country!
No, Sir. Have you even read how unsuccessful she's been? My sister's a teacher in NC. Shame on you! https://wallethub.com/edu/states-with-the-best-schools/5335/ …
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  Maybe you should look to your colleagues for courage Snr Burr.  #partyparrot
your constituents don't want @BetsyDeVos. #Unqualified
There are better, more informed choices for Dept of Ed; @BetsyDeVos can serve in more appropriate role, not Sec of Ed
she might care a great deal about education but that doesn't mean she is qualified for the job. Vote no please.
Then you need to go back to school yourself, senator.  Dangerously inexperienced.
No. Committed to rich people gutting public education.
Sir, being committed is different than having the knowledge, skills and ability to succeed. Kids before party
No sir, I believe your assessment is wrong. As an NC resident, I request that you NOT support DeVos
I'm sure you do.  How much did you get for this tweet?
Your office has been flooded with calls from constituents on BOTH sides of the aisle. Please respect us!
based on what? Certainly not her experience or things you learned in her confirmation hearing
if only she knew the issues at play in our public schools. Her hearing made clear she does not. #StopDeVos
unaware of growth vs proficiency? Regardless of stance, she must be able to explain difference. #StopDeVos
Vote NO, all she has going for her is her money. Please vote no, so that we can have good public education.
This is her first job.
Congratualtions! Can always count on Sen Burr to do what is in the best interest of all of his supporters in NC!!
If I was given $43,200 I might say some bullshit too.
Senator, this NC resident is disappointed in your lock step votes for unqualified nominees. DeVos is a bad choice.
even though she has no knowledge or experience? It's out that she gave you a lot of money. You can't hide
disappointed in you
Completely unqualified & inept for position. Shame you have put party loyalty ahead of what is best for our kids.
No, sir. She is completely unqualified. Pushing a personal agenda with $$$.
The #DeVos family gave $43,200 to @SenatorBurr in the last election. The quid pro quo is real. You need to vote no or abstain
She is a danger to our future generations and I will take your vote for her as a direct attack on my children. You must reject DeVos
She is not qualified and will undermine public education by diverting funds to private schools
Your beliefs are based on politics, not on logic or reason. She has no experience, just a big bank account.
ur constituents asked you to vote no but u followed the money - we'll remember.  Devos is so unqualified, she is dangerous.
I am completely disappointed in you.  Party politics before country, before our kids?
she isn't.
stop embarrassing yourself Senator. She gave you a huge contribution. Bought your support. You have failed NC.
like you care what we the people think! Do your job and vote no! Go to any school, all teachers say vote no!
She's committed to the money in her pocket and your brown nose up your ass
Seriously? She doesn't know the difference between growth/proficiency! Put her in charge of hunting grizzlies!
how much education must the people lack for this to be a choice? Paid off much? Will cost country dearly.
I am moving to your state and your tweets scare the sh** out of me. Surely you can't be serious?
You're asleep at the wheel then. Listen to your constituents. #noDevos
Your days are numbered,  you have turned your back on us and you will pay!
what a joke, you are so disappointing!
We need someone who believes plagiarism is wrong. No to DeVos!
she is unqualified and you do not have my vote next term  #resist
has no experience only a deep pocket. You are selling us for her campaign contributions - shame
What is this belief based on? @BetsyDeVos seems a good person but utterly unqualified for this position.
@Mike_Beacham @BetsyDeVos agreed
Unqualified for the position. Vote NO on DeVos. #StopDeVos
You would say that after she donated shit loads of money to your campaign. Objective analysis? I doubt it.
You are shameful for caring so little about school children in NC and US!  #DumpDevos
unqualified and NOT  WITHOUT a conflict of interest! VOTE  NO!
I disagree. Please listen to your constituents and do not vote for her.
@Mike_Beacham @BetsyDeVos Now, if we can get parents and students on board! It's NOT always the school that's the problem.
Richard Burr did not listed to NC. He is a puppet. You sir are not meeting your responsibilities
she does not deserve the position. She is not qualified. VOTE NO! Plagerism. Why do all of trumps ppl plagerize?
.@SenatorBurr how is a person not familiar with IDEA committed to disabled kids succeeding academically?I support well funded public schools
.@SenatorBurr @BetsyDeVos
I am glad. You probably support plagiarism and copying just like Betsy, too. #sadlittlesellout #didshebuyyoutoo
Considering she plagiarized her Senate questionnaire I seriously doubt that. #DumpDevos
would be a disaster and she is woefully unqualified. NC teachers have enough to deal with already
Wow. This is unbelievable.
Her lobbying efforts backed by her large political contributions don't qualify her http://www.freep.com/story/opinion/columnists/stephen-henderson/2016/12/03/betsy-devos-education-donald-trump/94728574/ …
your constituents mean NOTHING to you. Just a sellout for money. #StopDeVos  was not a quiet movement.
Further disagreement.
bc 90% American students go to public schools. & trust & believe there is some amazing work being done there.
all well & good, but a basic understanding of the fed laws governing public schools and highered is necessary
so disappointed. A terrible day for our children
No. You believe in the money she's lined your pockets with. So you have no shame? You're a puppet. #Sad
You are supposed to be OUR voice - we say #noDevos  Speak for us!
R U agreein w/ the nom bcuz ur Prez nominated her? R U tryin 2 save ur job? Dont b a follower SHE IS NOT QUALIFIED
This is patently false, she wants to create winners and losers. Our kids, all of out kids deserve better!
I'm sure there are plenty qualified procharter school experts that haven't given to committee campaigns like @BetsyDeVos right?
not even close.  Far better candidates out there. Keep up the search process.
you are delusional.
I guess ? is why she's best if never held a position in a school or admin & MI charter schools are low perf/least regulated?
wrong
She is not.
Your support statement didn't offer any examples.
NC...41st in the country for teacher pay and 34th for performance. Our senator is just as disappointing. Shame on u
I will remember when it is time to vote#resist#votersarenothappy# findanewjob
Clearly you didn't listen to her. Completely unqualified.
Her interests only lie in private school vouchers. She never taught never sent her kids to public school!!
I'm from Chapel Hill. I needed IDEA services to get through school. @BetsyDeVos doesn't know the law. Please don't vote for her
You are not listening to your constituents who say not to vote for this nomination. #StopDeVos
I don't and I vote.
You are out your mind if you think she cares about kids education
First generation immigrant Professor @ top medical school begs you to use your moral compass and repeal DeVos
you can't possibly believe she's in it for all of the children. Public schools will really get the shaft.
Students know she is not qualified. Shame on you for following party politics and not what is best for our children
the woman is obviously uneducated. How can she be anything but benign?
Only the wealthy ones. I prefer an America where opportunities are not based upon income level. #ResistDeVos
as long as they are wealthy enough and not disabled though right? #notagoodchoiceforeducation
NO!
Is this the new standard of Reason?
...with the state of North Carolina.
.@SenatorBurr @BetsyDeVos is only committed to giving money to your campaign. At least now NC knows you are easily bought. Shame on you.
not with her brilliant idea of having guns in school to ward off grizzly bears. Burr you're not succeeding...
all you believe is that your debt to @BetsyDeVos is paid. Shame on you.
High school students get expelled for plagiarism.
I'm committed to working for Habitat for Humanity.  Does that mean I'd be a great HUD secretary?
senator U R so wrong & we will remember when u come up 4 re-election. You've done a disservice 2 children across the country.
literally how.
you have lost your mind!! The citizens of NC need to make sure you don't get re-elected!
She stated she would do whatever the President wanted.  The role is to advise. You picked party over kids.  Commitment doesn't = competence.
committing plagiarism is NOT helping our children succeed academically !
ALL of our children? The poor kids, the kids w/ special needs, the non-Christian kids? EVERY SINGLE ONE?
listen to America. We want an educator.She is not an educator. save America's schools
@NCGOP @BetsyDeVos *and by kids, I mean the rich, able bodied ones.
As an educator, I'm deeply committed too, but that doesn't mean I'm should be Sec of Ed.  I'm disappointed you picked party over reason.
How long can democrats stall confirmations?  Government needs governance...
except that's not true based on her hearing or history. Please reconsider
she is not thinking about the kids in my hood VOTE NO
Well, I don't. #gottago
Would you trust someone who's never worked on cars to fix yours? DeVos has NEVER taught in public schools. Shame
.@SenatorBurr @BetsyDeVos VOTE NO on DEVOS confirmation. #RepublicanParentsAgainstDevos  #ConflictsOfInterestsMatter http://campaign.r20.constantcontact.com/render?ca=ca0436d7-61c3-4c8c-9d8d-73c94a9174c3&preview=true&m=1104610489842&id=preview …
is unqualified and even she said she got the position because of money her family gave. #resist
She most certainly is not. See: everything she's done.
you're one of very few who believe that.
You are insane.
She is not qualified. Please do not support her.
