Please read this article...
#Guccifer2 #DNCLeaks #VIPS #Forensicator
#Wikileaks #RussiaGate #RussiaHoax

https://www.thenation.com/article/a-new-report-raises-big-questions-about-last-years-dnc-hack/ …
I hope some day you realize healthcare is a right. Thanks for all the town halls. They will be remembered.
Stop the Russia witch hunt.  I didn't vote for you to subvert Pres Trump. @POTUS is the BEST-help him #MAGA , support #RaiseAct .
What will it take for you to realize you've been conned?
I wasn't conned. You were by the fake news.
Lol. It's hard to admit you're wrong isn't it. Grand Jury is on. Indictment is happening. RICO and human trafficking charges coming. Fool
I am 100% correct. You are the fool.
Fire Koskinen...he's continuing IRS weaponizing
@toddashepherd How about keeping the employees we have now?Why is this admin getting rid of workers in our agencies
Try proposing bills to remove a POTUS guilty of collusion, obstructing justice, and corruption beyond reasonable doubt.  Same for Nunes.
You are a lying traitor part of deep state who does NOT support the POTUS that Patriotic NCarolinians elected! We support @realDonaldTrump
There is something much bigger than this right now.  That is the chaos in the WH.  How long are you going to allow it?  DO THE SANE THING.
He and the rest need to grow a pair.
An example of leading from the Top - where are the properly filed tax returns of .@POTUS? One law for you, another for us. #ComplicitGOP
Vote Repeal in full. One sentence and allow free market to achieve potential. Rasmussen poll= 16.5 million would exit OCare if it were legal
Doing anything worthwhile in our neighboring state today  @SenatorBurr
@toddashepherd  administrators of those agencies. This admin & Congress is doing everything wrong & against America
@toddashepherd  Depts. We didn't elect this President or Congress to destroy our agencies, hire the worst
Fine. But what I really want to know is why you voted in favor of that pathetic excuse for health care legislation this morning.
Really Beth? Being vulgar is the best you can do?
Brenda has virgin ears! Ahhh poor Brenda...go to your safe place
No. I just don't need to stoop that low to voice my opinion. It's so immature.
I can go much lower, specially with people who are too stupid to know how Obamacare is hurting the working people. #uneducated
You poor thing. Whatever. Bye now.
No you poor thing... worked as a government employee for 35 long years..use to doing nothing and getting paid.
No reply to the repugnant events in Charlottesville?
@toddashepherd  This admin is asking all employees eligible for early retirement to retire in the SSA,EPA,Interior
Stand up
What about Charlottesville?  Come on Congress - say the words white supremacists.  We need help in this country and fast!!
Still want to know corrective action taken with laws broken by Lurner and associates.  REALLY need justice on IRS tricks & cover up
Thank you for standing by @POTUS agenda!  That is why we kept you in your position.

Hi senator. Who was this nice Canadian lady that made u look like a pompous ass?  Wanna send her a .
Watch this Canadian doctor own a GOP senator on universal health care in 2014 
How about those who owe back taxes and aren't disputing them?
Burr hasn't spoken on Dupont contaminating NC because they funded his campaign #genx #pfas #pfoa https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/pacs.php?cycle=2008&cid=N00002221&sector=N&seclong=Misc+Business&cat=N13&induslong=Chemical+%26+Related+Manufacturing&newMem=N …
You take a recess while you have not fixed a darn thing of what you are supposed to do.  Do you JOBS rather than taking a vacation!
Get rid of ITS, problem solved
This is our govt...we need a law for this?
Can we please also have one of those for police? I feel like it would be a quick copy and paste job.
Mr Burr instead of attacking IRS for poor behavior why don't you call out the White House instead. #GOPcorruption
Senator, why did you turn the "phony Russian investigation" over to Mark Warner ?You need to reclaim your seat at the head of the Committee.
you sir are a more slimy evil C-cksucker than the IRS and that is hard to do
Proposes? Laughable. U can't even run an Intel committee.  
Mueller taking advantage; crickets 
Since u can't do ur job retire now!
Now we have NEW classified HRC e-mails on Huma's unsecured server!!! You people should be ASHAMED!!!! The Americans support @POTUS!!!
You & your party, Sir, will go the way of the Dodo! The dodo is an extinct flightless bird. Just as you, the GOP and POTUS are.
just heard the White House is a dump. What's going on?
Moochelle Obama decorated it. 
Keep hitting on the little people. You clearly have nothing better to do.
Work on a bill that keeps corrupt people out of our WH.
Yes! Don't hire obama again
The world's most dangerous  cartel is not a cartel. It is the Venezuelan Government.
The IRS isn't the problem, Senator. It's YOU!  End corruption now; resign!
I am appalled that after 9 years, you are still trying to enforce normal hiring and fire of government employees.
A disgrace to NC . a disgrace to Veterans
How about Richard Burr stop approving unqualified appointees and he can have a leg to stand on in this argument?
Seriously, THIS is what you want to focus on now? You are proud enough to pin it? This is what you have to offer to NC?
I disagree w/ you but I always thought you a man of integrity. I was wrong. 
#ThereIsNoNextStep
You have brought nothing but grief to our state. You claim to be conservative but fair and reasonable.
The truth is your head is so far up the ass of partisan politics you can't even hear our sacred institutions crumbling down around you.
@SenatorLankford @ConawayTX11 @TGowdySC @DevinNunes @ChuckGrassley  This cannot be a secret there in DC!
Our government finds ways to make mediocrity safe doesn't it? I'll bet it is a mechanism for purges. IRS is underfunded & understaffed.
Yes, Burr, we are sick and tired of your corruption. Resign!
Or you could stick a fork in an apple.
Hey while at it, all this important stuff, let's make sure we can start saying Merry Christmas again. 
Imagine that we even have to think twice about saying Merry Christmas. MAGA!!!!
"deflecting, so much deflecting, you are gonna get bored with all the deflecting"
Coach our president that effective leadership is about defining the vision and then influencing others to execute on it.
I know what his vision is... pay attention! MAGA!
Can you spend your time helping North Carolinians?
POLITICAN=GRIFTER
#RepealObamacare #NoLiars4Reelection 
#ReincePriebus #Kelly #TMZ
Don't Trust Richard Burr, he put party over Country.
How about doing something to get that moron out of the Oval Office instead of kissing his ass
Really?!? This is your top priority?
Right?!?!? After #TrumpCare I imagine he introduced illegible scribbles on a saturated cocktail napkin.
Good.  Why have the not cleaned house and removed leadership.
Why? Let's get in to something more important on your calendar and not REINTRODUCE failed missions. Got anything else to do?
U should  ashamed of urself for voting "yes" on the HealthCare Bill!
Why ? Do you want working, middle-class ppl. who can't even afford the deductibles to be without Healthcare, as  the ACA fails.? #NotMyDr.
There u r thought u were dead
Yes
How about banks?
RELEASE THE DICTATOR'S TAXES. Focus - PLEASE focus
What to HELL is a BILL needed for???  DO REAL WORK for GOD'S SAKES!!!
why no one in US can be positive about either house of govt if takes law not to rehire bad actors
1. I have more breaking news from NYAG  Schneiderman source on human trafficking/Trump Model Management investigation.
(2)Schneiderman has worked with INTERPOL on aspects of this case. Young girls were smuggled out of Russia/Eastern Europe where they were
(3)given new names and CRITICALLY, higher ages. They were then brought into the U.S. through various modeling agencies including but not
(4)exclusively, Trump Model Management. They were issued genuine work visas and many were then forced to "entertain" guests at parties for
(5)  powerful men including Donald J Trump. I'm told there are a number of high profile individuals involved in this-some of who are now
(6)engaged in plea negotiations. It is expected that at least one prominent individual is expected to offer testimony in this case. End.
Get busy on bipartisan health care reforms. NC veterans need help. (Unless you're going to show us Trump's tax return!)
Veterans are united against you
Really? The party of smaller government, less regulation cannot find a better way to clean up its own house?
Look, a squirrel!!!
funny, made me smile today. thanks
And fire the bosses responsible too!
Trump's speech right now in Long Island tells police officers to abuse & assault citizens, what the hell are you (Republicans) thinking?
#veryfakenews #libliar #libnut
I guess you think your stupidity has contributed to discourse, the use of character memes speaks of your zero sum intellect
Of course your a religious nutjob, same as the religious extremists out military is attempting to destroy, ISIL
Time to get this trash out of our WH! You included, Senator Burr
NOT !!! #YouWill
Trump who took an Oath of office to faithfully execute the laws of the land is threatening Dereliction of Duty will let law ACA implode
U are more pathetic than warren letting this investigation go on when there is nothing http://there.You  are a supposed republican. Ha
With everything else going on in the world right now, THIS is what you think is most important? What is wrong with you?
Great Job Senator, We must have a Special Council Hillary, Rice cover up and the rest
Exactly why need this bill?
How can we trust RINOS on tax reform? REALLY?
And this is what you are worried about? With the homeless rate and homeless veterans
If the government is rehiring fired workers. You are all stupider than we already thought.
Do you think? Daaahh! Omg what a great leader you are. Not
Can we get the same legislation for investment firms? FINRA is a joke.
Finally you are doing something we can all agree with.
How about a whole government hiring freeze?  Or 2 out, one in?
Does this include those fired while investigation a certain @POTUS tax records? The @GOP is complicit in all of this and must go ...
No, it means Barack weaponizing the IRS against Conservatives,(but you already know that). #NoIntegrity
Good idea but why do we need a bill? Make it a directive as any other employer would.
