Senator Lankford we want an independent investigation into TrumpRussian ties with an independent prosecutor.
Based on what evidence? You have to have at least some actual evidence of wrong doing. Trump-Russia conspiracy has revealed NONE!
I don't have enough room to list all off but you can start off with Treason
Don't lie to yourself man, Trump has not broken any laws. Going down this empty rabbit hole isn't good for your mental or physical health
Lolol thanks Chad for the humor but reality is Trump is going to be impeached and once that happens America will be great again.
Who's going to impeach Trump, the republican majority lol? If they did that they would DESTROY their own party!
Chad if didn't notice that party is destroying itself already
Lmao, that's what everyone said before the election, turned out the democrats were after the DNC rigged their primary to force HRC thru!
Fire and replace McCabe
You now have yet "another" tainted endured vermin temp running the FB I. Are there no decent ppl in the FB I. They seem to be a dog  pile.
Obama put a deep bench of henchman in every department! Trump needs to clean house in every department, sane way he fired all the fed judges
So agree. Trump needs to hire good citizens to help clean up. We have no " rose colored" glasses. Replace Obama leftovers. Done n done!
Need to speed it up and do it quicker. Once Trump replaced the director and deputy in each department with decision makers it will happen
Sessions didn't recuse himself. Rosenstein was a front. Lavrov next day gloated & laughed. Our own media kept from our WH office in favor Ru
Thank God there are no conflicts of interest in the Trump administration.
Twitter isn't long enough for me to respond. There is no cure for your clear ignorance though. The clock is ticking on your savior.
I hope that McCabe's little conflict of interest doesn't color his judgement!  Good riddance to Comey.  Inept civil servant!
You have to see the need for independent counsel. If you truly want to restore faith in the system bring in a true independent to review.
Clear the air. Please. Have an independent counsel for both. Seems the easiest way for everyone to get answers and results.
@Potus @DOJPH @NSAGov @wikileaks How much money did Mark Warner-D make off Russian Tech Co?
The first question that should be asked under oath of any witness is, "Have you pledged loyalty to president Trump?"
Ask McCabe has he given @realDonaldTrump a preview of his testimony here today.
Can't wait. Now will you please join the call for Independent Investigation? The ghost of Sam Ervin is waiting for you to do NC proud!!
The guy who said the NYT story on Manafort et al was BS? Who discussed an ongoing investigation? I trust you'll get to the bottom of that
You know firing comey was obstruction of justice. But you won't go near there. Because you put party over country. Impeach POTUS & AG.
Senator, your refusal & the refusal of ANY member of Congress 2 assign Trump/Russia investigation 2 Special Prosecutor is obstruction! #Fact
We must remember who these jerks are at election time and vote their corrupt asses OUT!  @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @FNC @CNN #Impeach45
Start the proceedings to #ArrestHillaryClinton #ArrestHer
STOP WASTING TIME.  TRUMP HAS DONE ENOUGH IN 100 DAYS FOR ANY NORMAL PERSON TO BE PUT IN PRISON FOR LIFE. RUSSIANS W/ELECTRONICS IN WH TODAY
You are still part of the cover up. Have you no conscience? GOP = Traitors. Not one of you stand for country over party. Prove me wrong.
Loose lips McCabe told @Reince45 the investigation was "bullshit." He must be removed.
You should worry about his Clinton connection and his wife's campaign donations! Collusion? Yeah. But you probably won't dig into that, huh?
Has to be pressed on his Feb 15 meeting with Priebus about "BS" investigation. Pressed hard.
This is the guy that called the Russia investigation "BS" right? Conflict of interest?
Be a patriot. We need a Independent Commission n you know it.

He has had questionable behavior in the past w/the Russian investigation. We need another choice- fast. STOP THE BLEEDING- IMPEACH NOW
He should RECUSE himself or RESIGN for interfering with an investigation and discussing it with WH!
We demand an independent investigation. We trust no one in office. You're commuter has dragged its feet for months. You're just Trump pawns.
The same guy who asked you and Nunes to call media saying the NYT story about Russia connections were BS. It isn't BS and you know it.
Make sure he is under oath and ask him about unmasking.
Andrew MCCabe is a traitor
He needs to be fired too
60 million gave this country of freedom to putin..asswipes
Rubio is unusually quiet
trump yes man?
Careful you might get him fired too
Stay strong, Mr. McCabe. Thank you for your courage.
So tired of this crap
This is what your committee should be working on. The elephant in the room isn't Russia! Or Trump! Or his Admin!  It's the Democrats!
The Biggest Scandal in History is Obama, Lynch, Rice, Rhodes, Hillary & Comey all lied about Russia, Covered Up for Hillary to win.
You have to know that Comey was fired for last year. He was involved in Cover Up for Obama & Lynch for Hillary. Email from Lynch proves it.
He should step down immediately because he can't be nonpartisan
Hopefully he stay within FBI protocols, unlike the political hack James Comey!
Tough questions need be addressed. FBI CI agents must continue to unencumbered investigation of Russian collusion! Need Special Prosecutor!
Please ask him how Sessions was allowed to weigh in on Comey, WHEN HE RECUSED HIMSELF FROM BOTH THE RUSSIA and CLINTON EMAIL HANDLING?
The one angle not well-plotted, the 7-10 days when the most corrupt guy in Bureau leads until new director selected.
AGREED!!
I live in NC and I DEMAND an ind investigation. Thank you for speaking out!
Mr Burr, he ain't gonna tell you nothing! You know what's going on with Trump and Russia.  Open up and spit it out! We deserve to know!
What? Why?
Me today
So what is status of FBI Director's investigation & report into Benghazi and Clinton Foundation???
So what...for what reason?  Also...who cares.
@greta This guy has baggage!
Will you ask questions about Russian collusion with Trump or will you spin lies?
@SenatorBurr We demand you do right by all of the American People
We need an independent investigation. Trust is wearing thin.
https://twitter.com/gingrich_of_pa/status/862223637486735360 …

Comey fired bc Clinton emails. But new Acting Director Andrew McCabe is under DOJ review for his ties to Clinton too http://www.newsweek.com/fbi-acting-director-andrew-mccabe-clinton-emails-606801 …

Ask him about how much $ Hillary paid his wife https://twitter.com/senatorburr/status/862357458592964608 …
I for one would like Congress to work for the American people instead of wasting taxpayer money on the democrats drama and innuendos.
Hes corrupt. Prib destroying evidence
Senator Burr if there is no evidence you need to stand up for your POTUS. This has been going on long enough. Congress needs to do there job
Should be even easier for McCabe to give Priebus a heads up now.
Need to isolate #McCabe from admin & assign body guards to him & #Comey. #Trump & Co likely got Kremlin "get rid of witnesses" coaching. #p2
We demand Special Prosecutor now.
Thank you, sir, u put country over the party.
Turtlehead must go and that means to jail with them
You better start talking amongst yourselves for some of you with any sense to cross over parties asking Dems for leadership position
Another lying Clinton supporter!
This man is terrified he's not angry
It is clear Trump tactic in the Mexican heritage judge is the same
@KatiePavlich 
I'm sorry, that's classified.
You should be talking about obstruction of justice charges being added to his repertoire
Good ask him what he thinks about Trump using witness tampering to discredit Future testimony in the witness pool
Sen Burr you tighten the screws on this Russian invstgtn. Subpoena or jail anyone not complying to bring forward the truth!
That's terrible - McCabe is corrupt & his wife got $$ from Hillary Clinton.
Massive case of THE CREEPS about Trump, Russia, Comey & Flynn. U should also. Yates was trigger to fire Comey. So obvious. Save Democracy.
McCabe is more corrupt than Comey! He is being investigated by the IG.
we want an independent investigation now!!!
Will you stand up for the truth and ask for a special prosecutor and an independent investigation into the President's ties to Russia?
Since he was "Trump approved" yesterday - can we lend ANY credence to his testimony? Investigate - do YOUR job
Maybe you are too young to remember how history will tell this http://story.Man  up.I know you have it in you.
Hillary Clinton paid McCabe's wife thousands of dollars. Conflict of interest
Can you, unlike house republicans, keep the questions relevant to the investigation?  Please don't embarrass NC with these GOP tactics.
Fire his ass too please
The proven liar that will cover for .@HillaryClinton because of the debt to her foundation - what are you joining the .@DNC?
I hope he explains that additional funds will be allocated to FBIs Russia investigation

Enough already! We need an independent investigation now! If you aren't careful you'll all go down w/ the shop during the next elections.
We need an independent investigation NOW. The GOP is playing with fire -- we will remember your complicity in future elections.
It's time to begin impeachment proceedings.
His wife took $700k from the Clinton machine to run her losing campaign. He's a partisan hack w/ obvious conflict of interest. Thanks!
Are you going to ask him about his wife's campaign donation or cover it up with a softball questions?
This constituent demands an #independentProsecutor NOW!  We don't want to hear about emails or leaks, we want answers on #Trumprussia!
Thank you for putting the country first, Senator. These are dangerous and terrifying times. McConnell should be ashamed of himself.
On my way to Trader Joe's for a bag of popcorn.
Independent investigation into Russian connections VIP
We can't trust you not to bury evidence of trump's collusion with Russia. We don't think you can put country before party. Prove us wrong!
There is no evidence Trump colluded with Russia! Where have you been? Obama's administration said there's NO collusion. Also Comey did too
SIR: Please ask McCabe about $650,000 campaign contribution from Gov McAuliffe, currently under investigation by FBI. CONFLICT?
What about Comey?
Get off your butt and support the President's agenda.  TILLIS is history you got lucky.
NC is voting you out. 
You're http://lazy.You  haven't helped the Camp Lejeune people at all. You don't support our President. TicToc
He's not running for re-election
The entire Republican Party is compromised
Exactly how? Lol
He should be recused from testifying on any topic that involves Clinton or Russia bc of Clinton dem connections. He's dem puppet
no way
@greta As Arthur Conan Doyle said: "The Universe is rarely that organized." There are NO coincidences.Trump is SO Street Smart.
I would like to hear what Comey has to say, screw McCabe. You are nothing but a Trump puppet.
What about the shake up at the census bureau?  Is this another attempt by GOP to control voters?
yep King trump wants to stay in power like putin
He should be clearing his desk!

Please ask McCabe who was involved in decision to use FusionGPS dossier and whether payment was ever made in connection.
Failure to demand an independent investigation while your office screens calls based on party affiliation? You've forfeited your integrity.
Wld love if Dems didn't make statements & just asked questions right Frankenstein
"Insist on full-throated, independent investigation of the firing, or be party to a possible cover-up."   This means YOU
~ a constituent
Didn't you want him fired October 28 during this?
The truth needs to happen and it needs to happen now. Action not empty words.We need a #SpecialProsecutorNow Get the job done or move aside.
Republicans need to get their shit together and ask real questions!  Stop trying to change subjects and waste time!
Enough with the open hearing where we learn nothing but how to avoid giving real answers. take it behind closed doors and get facts.
But not Comey?!?!?
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW
lol u snowflake would u like some play do to go with your safe space
Invite Comey. Also, time for independent prosecutor. Do your job.
It's time for you to choose country over party affiliation. If you fail there are no checks and balances left.

Left media ignores McCabe's conflict when he investigated Hillary's emails while wife took $700k from Hillary's pal http://www.loudountimes.com/news/article/with_comeys_firing_ashburn_resident_andrew_mccabe432 …
I have absolutely NO faith in you serving public interest in this matter. Your track record as a GOP toady demands an Indy investigation.
McCabe is dishonest & needs to go! You're gonna lose your seat if you don't back @POTUS 
I voted you in & can vote you out.
He'll say he's continuing w Russian probe and get fired shortly after. No HRC bs reason, it'll just be 'because'.
It's time for country over party @senatorburr
We demand an independent prosecutor or the GOP will never hold office again
I can't answer your question. That's classified
There needs to be an independent investigation now!
The liberal panic is  
We want to hear from Comey or your words are meaningless
What about Comey????
I hope Senate Intell committee asks Comey to come in as well.
Burr DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SOMETHING. PROVE that you are not a Russian pawn YOURSELF.
Another sham. He will say he can't answer in this setting. Just a political stunt
Nothing short of an independent investigation is acceptable, gentlemen. #TrumpRussia
I can tell from all you've said that you also want the truth about Russia. Please don't let this investigation get buried. Please.
You are running on empty in regards to the level of respect we the people have of you and the job you are doing.
Trump will destroy our GOP
he already did
First words out of his mouth will be @POTUS  not under investigation or he'll be fired too.
You're Gonna Lose your Seat... Dems hate You and Now Reps HATE You too... Good Job...
Put country over party. 
Call for an independent counsel. Immediately.
Back Trump Burr we elected you, stop bashing him! McCabe is NO GOOD!!
Would've loved to be in the room to hear Trump angrily say "wait, there's a deputy director that now becomes acting director?"
This is not enough sir. We need an independent investigation. We need it now. You know this. Please do what's right for the Amer. people.
Good 
That is a good action.  Thanks for reporting.   Trump is obstructing justice.  You must impeach him for it and appoint Comey and/or Yates SP
Yes please. Independent investigation too, please&thank you. #BeAPatriot #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussia #COMEY
Which client does Squire Patton want your ear on? Russia's Gazprombank? Why does Squire give U more $ than any other Sen? #Trumprussia
Squire Patton is deep into @GOP.
... with a whole lotta Russia goin' on.
Lobbying is a racket for former corrupt politicians.  Need new LAW passed that says no Lobbying for 10 years after leaving govt. @FNC @CNN
I like it. A little overturning of Citizens United would go a long way, too.
Stand up for our Republic sir!! Special Prosecutor NOW!! Enough is enough-NO confidence in Congress!! @All100Senators
WE demand a hearing on AG & DAG-they NEED to EXPLAIN to America why they rec Comey's firing now. @All100Senators
Why didn't DAG, on the job for 2 weeks, not wait for Inspector General investigation to conclude?? @All100Senators
Because he is a grown man with a job to do...that's why.
Please do the right thing Senator.
Start holding feet to the flame and WE DO NOT WANT TO HEAR BULLSHIT ABOUT THE DAMNED EMAILS PERIOD.
Amen to that!
What about comey?since he was fired is he no longer gonna be testifying?
Call for independent prosecutors or lose your seat!!
no such thing
We need an independent investigation now, Senator.
Based on what evidence? You have to have something to investigate.
