Stop talking. Act!  Impeach him.
Senator Burr you need to put a stop to the taking down of Confederate statues and signs in Charlotte North Carolina step up to the plate.
disappointed in weak sauce
Excusing @realDonaldTrump as "not a politician," confirms impression #GOP is fine w #racism as long as it's "just dog whistling." #standup
#altright HATE was a weapon used throughout @realdonaldtrump's campaign @PutinRF_Eng supports+ uses fascism part of #trumpRUSSIA #treason
Senator, U need 2 call out Pres. Trump since he supports actions of neo-Natlsts & White Supr. He needs 2B censored like Ud do if he was Dem.
You could very well take down all Martin Luther King statues and street signs but this is neither the way to go put a stop to all this.
No more hate or support for these groups that are dividing our country. Please
Thank you for putting country above party!
It's time to support our President- and do the job Americans voted for - tax reform ,replace    Obama care
Really someone had to die before you censored trump, hope it gives you comfort. Shameful
U chose to say basically no matter how morally repugnant he is, u will make sure he stays to term, to the detriment of this nation u serve.
You have to condemn these hateful groups by name! Nazis, the KKK, white nationalists. Why is this so hard for you?
Sir this is NOT about politics or being a politician, this is about a human life taken by domestic terrorists sheltered by DT, misdemeanor
"...his words regarding... was as strong as the statement I just made,"

Agreed.  You guys seem about equally concerned with racism.
Senator, you called it domestic terrorism but think we should work with this president regardless of his support of white supremicists?
 it's all about the power and oh yeah money.
It's always about money! We love to offer affordable lending and know how important it is to make ends meet, check out our page.
Senator Burr also you North Carolina politicians need to quit being weak and stop this with confederate statues and signs in North Carolina.
Is there no standard by which you hold @realDonaldTrump ?  Is there no lowest point crossed where you say "this does not represent the GOP"?
wow, no words about Trump's racist rant?  PATHETIC!
To right these wrongs, you need to review your position on policies that white nationalist support: voting rights, immigration & hc
"I wish the President would find a way to be a little more diplomatic in the choice of words that he uses."

Translation:

I don't disagree.
Thank you, @SenatorBurr, for your comments today regarding @POTUS "misguided" views on #cville.
Senator Burr: You are my senior senator;  My Question for you: Why can you not label Neo-Nazi organizations as a 'Terrorist Organization' ?
Condem #Antifa and #BLM. they are the 2 groups intent on #VIOLENCE
You didn't mention white supremacists by name either
Before I saw this, I had respect for Sen. Burr. I also read Charlottesville is his birthplace. Unreal. He's not running again& doesn't care
Is it your plan to let Trump take down the GOP and you with it?
Has 45 finally crossed the line for you, sir?
Talk is cheap Richard Burr. We are only interested in actions. Stand up or be counted a coward.
Until you reinstate the Voting Rights Act, this is all empty air.
Thank you @SenatorBurr for your unambiguous condemnation of the events in Charlottesville and the racists that caused them.
This is a shameful, cowardly response to a national crisis that goes far beyond the events in Charlottesville.
How can you ask me to work with a man who calls white supremacists "some very good people"?  As my Senator you must condemn POTUS' statement
It's time to do more than "wish" the president was stronger on this, Senator. He's not going to be. It's time to remove him. #ImpeachTrump
Do something, or you support Nazism. It's a clear choice now.
So, let's get a fresh take on your thoughts now, senator, after Trump's statements at Trump Tower? Anything to add about working with him?
You need to condemn the statements of @POTUS today. Anything less is unacceptable.
Curious: Did they just edit out the parts where you actually called out and condemned racism, white supremacy, or Nazis by name?
These people didn't vote for you...I did...stand with our president please
After today's horrifying press conference, it's official, we have a NAZI REGIME in the WH! Quit being Trump's lap dog & do something!
No. We will not stand to have this criminal white supremacist conspiratorial justice obstructing thief for 3.5 more years.This is not normal
Nothing matters unless you do something about Trump. Aiding & abetting evil is a crime. Don't go down on the wrong side of history. #Impeach
Even I can't believe what I heard from @potus today DISGUSTING! @GOP @houseGOP @senateGOP @VP time to do something #trumpRussia #treason
ICYMI: The time to stand up to this "president" and call for his impeachment is NOW, @SenatorBurr
So much better-- sincerely, thank you. Now, #45 said awful things today-- is the GOP leadership doing anything with that?
We will fight this Regime's agenda of hate & bigotry even though you are passive and support this Regime of White Supremacy. SHAME.
Work with agenda? Are you serious? IT'S AN AGENDA OF HATE! There are literally Nazi's in the WH! Do something besides save your position!
Will you also denounce the President's statements from today defending the racist violence in Charlottesville? Call him out too, Senator.
Rebuke your president!!!
So @realDonaldTrump sided with the white supremacists & Nazis. The ball is in your court. Everyone is watching.
And your feelings on Trump's statement that there were "very fine people" on both sides??
https://twitter.com/ChrisCerrone15/status/897573663788212227 … Literally nothing else matters. IF America still stands for FREEDOM we must #impeachTrump
the President feels there were "very fine people on both sides" at the nazi rally, is that your take too?
You didn't see the "nice" Nazis? The "friendly" KKK? The "affable" White Supremacist? Me, either.
Not good enough
#FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller #ImpeachTrump
IMPEACH IMPEACH IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT!!!
The hate disease has fully infected the executive branch and the GOP.
What will you do to save America?
He will do nothing. He is not running again. So he is riding this term out. He has made his millions in office. He is useless to America now
Our WH is being run by nazi sympathizers and you won't speak out against it! Why? #resist #ImpeachTrumpNow
The President just doubled down on "many sides" in his press appearance. You ok with this or are you anti-Nazi? #litmustest
Your leader backtracked today. Even equated G. Washington and RE Lee #AntiAmerica
neither reporter nor Burr condemned the Nazi, White Supremacists Al right groups. WHY?  and why haven't you had a town hall?
I hear maybe you ought be tuning in to @realDonaldTrump and start drafting your excuses for him over the next week. Maybe two.
Sorry. I did miss it. Too busy watching our Potus defending nazis, white supremacists and the kkk.
This Rhino have to go!! We the people love President Trump and  Dislikes ppl like you Burr!
1) so much better than your FB yesterday, 2) what will it take for you to resist 45? 3) can your outrage at racism translate to voter laws?
ICYMI: trump just defined GOP position on white supremacists quite definitively: you support them whole heartedly.
Someone needs to step in immediately regarding trump's behavior. Unfit to serve and unable to fulfill his duties as president! Dangerous!
I am so ashamed of my country allowing this unfit monster to sit in the WH #45 please senator HELP!
Please vote for NC HB 746!
Thank you.
