Instead of voting for your party, please vote for the AMERICAN people. Please do not vote in favor of a bill that has not been debated.
It's what they are voting to debate bill. Pay attention!
I am paying attention. And a debate on something affecting millions of people should last more than a week.
That's way more than Obama did and at least Trump won't lie to your face like Obama did. And nobody knew what was in it remember Pelosi????
No mention of healthcare, Senator? Did you really say you don't know what's in it but you'll vote for anything? Is that responsible?
If you vote for the repeal with NO replacement, then you are voting YES for the deaths of thousands of American people. #VOTENO
No, lets deal with some traitors like Obama, holder, hillary, lynch,waters. When will you investigate the demacrats?? Stop harassing trump!!
Wow your use of grammar shows why you are a Trump supporter. Are you another proud 8th grade drop out. The word is 'Democrats' !
YOUR healthcare vote is SHAMEFUL! YOUR silence on #Trump is COWARDLY. WE WILL NOT FORGET!!
I, too, am a constituent who will continue to speak out against your shameful and cowardly behavior. #GOPNoMoralCode
WHO CARES! You need to stop trying to hurt NC and vote NO today. I left a message w/ your office. If you want to remain in DC do as we ask!
Don't expect reelection if this bill goes thru get rid of mcconnel and get some real work done
Mr. Burr (I don't use "Senator" because you do not stand for America). You're career is done in NC. We will make sure of that.
Yes we will but Burr is a lock step republican, he will never stand for the citizens of NC over party!
DH was FT Army Colonel + me Spec6 So you will VOTE for anything + harm 20-30 million of US -veterans, children+ WORKERS to please a TRAITOR!
Looks like trumpcare is polling around 13% in NC as well. We will tie it around your neck and sink you like a stone if you vote yes today
Act like you serve NC citizens and not your own intrest no vote on a bill that isn't  made public repeal don't  replace open free markets
@SenatorBurr PLEASE vote to defund PP.  (I voted for you)
How about we defund your viagra! I am tired of paying for your viagra through medicare part D!
Are you going to feel like a true 'christian' when you vote to throw 260,000 NC citizens off of healthcare today?
NC constituent here: Please vote NO on ACA Repeal. You weren't sent to Washington to ensure millions of Americans lose healthcare!
Please follow the money. Don' give up. We need truth not these trumpian attacks on our democracy. Tx
Cool. Where do you stand on bankrupting my family and/or killing my child because he has a congenital heart defect? #chd
Yes and can I piggyback on that note & ask where he stands on my bankruptcy because of my daughters' type 1 diabetes? I am a constituent FYI
Important point. I'm also a constituent. Are you willing to talk to us Senator?
Yea, me 2.  I'm 62 to be, and my premiums will quad-triple under Trump plan.  #FIXOBAMACARE
Liar, their is no plan yet???????
Oh you better watch out I'm a second amendment gun carrying NRA member for life! 
Repeal
F-off . Worry about Michigan...

Thanks for not caring about people.
Go ahead, vote yes on the horrible healthcare bill. Commit political suicide, maybe we can get a real senator.
Trump needs to fire Sessions to get at Mueller...he may be planning this for when senate goes on recess
THIS is how YOU and your GOP tribe managed the win .. 'crafted in secret!'
"IT DOESN'T MATTER," Sen. Burr?! At least you've finally expressed your true feelings for your constituents. #BCRA
I'm a NC constituent...please vote NO.
"It doesn't concern me, as I said, I'll vote for anything" will be a wonderful pac ad in 2020. Vote no today and save yourself


GOPer Richard Burr on not knowing specifics of healthcare motion to proceed vote: "It doesn't concern me. As I said, I'll vote for anything" https://twitter.com/vaughnhillyard/status/889597231329714176 …
What are you going to do about this President firing the AG because of the Russia investigation?
Will you support a nominee for AG who will fire Bob Mueller? What if Trump makes a recess appointment?
This President is behaving more and more erratically. What are you going to do about it?
.@GOP today's vote is a moment of truth & will define Senator's careers. Will you vote to hurt & kill or protect?

Vote No! #Healthcare
Senator, I might not agree with politically, but I  respect you.Please for your love of this beautiful country,get the madman out of the WH
And, vote no to the healthcare bill and/or repeal. We need to help people not abandon them. People will suffer, history will not be kind
Trump was not chosen by God I was I dare for him to say he could have done what I have to here them say he is God's son liars
Hey Senator,
Who lies more @DevinNunes or @jaredkushner ?
Why not hear testimony from these Intel experts?
Intel Vets Challenge ‘Russia Hack’ Evidence
White nationalist. Ignore
Never voting Republican again, never is a long time.
Tomorrow's vote is #IMPORTANT !!
#JustSayNo
Act responsibly for your constituents and for our country.
Senator, why would u vote in favor of a bill that potentially may hurt millions of Americans? Why give billions 2billionaires? Please don't
Your incompetence is not acceptable.  This state will benefit with you out ASAP.
HOW do @SenatorBurr & @SenThomTillis sleep at night knowing they're putting MILLIONS of children at risk??
.@SenThomTillis meeting w/ @Nataliew1020 about her concerns for her daughter & other kids. Tomorrow he'll vote to take away their healthcare https://twitter.com/Nataliew1020/status/889616780834025473 …
We see you, you know. We know what you aren't doing. You and your buddies are destroying the very America that made you who you are
You're doing nothing to protect citizens of the US from Russian infiltration.
I suppose you're all for offshore drilling too.
You sold out to insurance companies. You're a killer of the people. You will be stained with the death of thousands.
Burr, you just sit and soak up money like a sponge. You're so bought and paid for you'll soon be heading for the recycle bin.
Your vote to repeal ACA will kill people in north carolina. You're a murderer.
Now you're pretending like you're doing something. Well, I know you've been busy screwing north Carolinians.
Do NOT vote for the MTP on Trumpcare tomorrow. You don't even know what the hell is in it. More importantly, NEITHER DO WE!
What does it matter? If you let Kushner continue holding his clearance w/o your objection, we already KNOW you don't care. #complicit
Further, please stop confirming nominees of this President. He is clearly no friend to the rule of law and our Constitution.
I hope you will be voting "NO" on the Trumpcare bill tomorrow. Please do not rob millions of Americans of health insurance.
Would u make sure they're QUALIFIED????


I have covered every health bill in Congress since 1986. There has NEVER been anything this nuts before in terms of process. Never. https://twitter.com/chrislhayes/status/889591081884635136 …
Stop obstructing. SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT. CALL FOR FAKE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION TO STOP
Senate Intel Committee Chairman Richard Burr on health care: "I'll vote for anything" - this is a new low for representation. #TrumpCare
Where is the link to that statement?
ACA needs adjustments, not repeal. Protection from insurers who rape us. Need 2 legislate for people not corporations.
Let's not, Dick.
Its so sad that you have to keep playing along with attacks on POTUS! Its making repubs look as corrupt as democrats
Corruption is not party specific. Neither is denial or ignorance. Facts speak, opinion is just that. Everyone has one the facts don't change

Stand up for the 63 million voters
That put faith in the Republican
Party we have put money and 
Time getting U electied your Turn
Speaker of intel ...
According to a TIME survey 13% of Americans Support @senateGOP 's Latest Repeal Plan! Yet they want to appease a lying mobster + traitor
So when are you going to take away the clearance from Kushner?  If I had lied on my SF86 even once I wouldn't have a clearance
Someone else loyal to @realDonaldTrump? Resign from intelligence OR DO YOUR JOB
WE ARE NOT PAYING 4 any of THIS MESS & YOU ALL will pay DEBT w all kickbacks etc etc you've STOLE FR US & certainly WON'T PAY 4 Mueller!
And the spineless GOP douchers who won't repeal Obamacare out
Burr you are a coward, you will cave under TRUMP- THE BULLY but we are looking at you seat next term- A person with a back bone!
He's not running for reelection. Burr does not care about his constituents he's got a job lined up already from his big $$$ donors.
you are right forget us
Don't trust Richard Burr, he puts Party ahead of Country .
Will Richard Burr stand up to Trump show he has Character?
