I have lost all hope that the GOP will act in america's best interests and i will hold you all accountable in 2018 and 2020 !
@dontaviansmith looook at us
Take more interest in NC & those in DESPERATE need of help! Something for you & @ThomTillis to improve on! 
Please support Single Payor amendment.
too bad you won't meet w your constituents a home.  Shame.
No Respect for you..
why did @DonaldJTrumpJr not testify today as promised?? this is TWO broken promised re this now... COWARDS!!
And you have lots of NC constituents who would like to meet with you here, too. Let's get some town halls scheduled!
Interesting how Senator Burr does not respond to the constituents he represents.. or is supposed to represent 
Really, Senator? Did you also tell them you can't wait to take away their healthcare? Odds are they're 1 in 1.3 MILLION in NC. Vote NO!
Healthcare is a product service, not an American right. Did you indoctrinated fools just fall out from the sky? 
You know another awesome way to meet North Carolinians? Hold a town hall! We'd love to ask you questions at home, not just in DC. #CmonSon
Absolutely!!!
I am disappointed in your recent job performance, but this is a step in the right direction. Next one: town halls in person. #YouWorkForUs
It's shameful that you would sign a bill without reading it which would hurt a lo of Carolinians tremendously.
Please vote NO on healthcare changes
@SenatorBurr do you meet with all constituents, or only those who agree with your agenda?
It's pretty obvious..
More words from a "loving, accept everyone" liberal. Well accept them as long as they agree with you anyway.
VOTE NO ON THE SENATE HEALTH CARE PROPOSALS!!!  Work with all members, not just GOP, to improve the current system.
Our current system is falling apart and it's only been in effect since 2014 and was pre prepaid for with taxes years before that. #RepealACA
Dont believe the hype. The GOP intentionally acted to make it fail. Oh and its "only"  been 8 years that the Rs  have whined about this
Do you own a calculator? It's very easy to calculate how it is bad. Here's the prediction just before it was enabled.
Why is Trump being allowed to remain in office?  Bullying Sessions, McCabe, Rosenstein,  Mueller.  This harms our democracy.
Bullying is not an impeachable offense.
He has been involved in criminal activity for years & is petrified of being exposed, hence all the bullying.
Then you will NOT destroy existing families - Stand Up for Childhood Arrivals and Co-Sponsor S.1615 and H.R. 3591 these children met rqmts.
Why not meet with them at their convenience, like at home?You don't want to justify throwing millions under the bus because you can't.Shame!
You wouldn't like to meet me. 28712
Town Hall please. Heck I'd settle for Monty Hall; Kids in the Hall; Brad Hall; Hall's Mentho-lyptus; Hall & Oates; U-Haul -whatever it takes
Did you explain to them why you seem to be in favor of kicking millions of Americans off their health insurance? Town Hall, pls.
Where did you get these paid actors? super duper photo op. thanks for sharing. what about sharing the 4 mystery plans for healthcare.
Are u afraid to meet us at a town hall?
U sure don't meet with them in NC.  NO town halls!  Guess we'll all have to show up in Wash. where I'm sure U'll have us arrested like GOP!
How about supporting our President.
Awaiting your Town Hall schedule for the August recess. It's even easier to meet your constituents in your own state. When will we see you?
Here's a question for the constituents, who wants to run in the next primary?
But where were u at when I was in dc?  Sure didn't see you on the senate floor...
https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/07/bill-browders-testimony-to-the-senate-judiciary-committee/534864/ … Little Mobster @potus wants to be more like @putinrf ! #trumpRussia #treason Sadly his prison won't be this horrid
But yet so MUCH FUN to take healthcare away from NC citizens!  Dead people must make you SO TURGID! #youfuckingshitstain
@marcorubio @LindseyGrahamSC @DevinNunes @TGowdySC @GOPoversight @SenateGOP  FusionGP huge importance; made up Trump info;email hacks, etc
@marcorubio @LindseyGrahamSC @DevinNunes @TGowdySC @GOPoversight @SenateGOP 

Unacceptable! Is this person coming back tomorrow to testify?
@marcorubio @LindseyGrahamSC @DevinNunes @TGowdySC @GOPoversight @SenateGOP 

Why didn't any of you BLOCK others to testify against Trump?
@marcorubio @LindseyGrahamSC @DevinNunes @TGowdySC @GOPoversight @SenateGOP 

The FusionGP to testify today is a KEY Witness and Dems block?
@marcorubio @LindseyGrahamSC @DevinNunes @TGowdySC @GOPoversight @SenateGOP 

Can you tell me HOW this happened?
Well you sure do not lead in committee

Senate Intel Committee Chairman Richard Burr on health care: "I'll vote for anything" https://twitter.com/VaughnHillyard/status/889602204826562564 …
Bet you wouldn't LOVE to meet me.  I abhor everything you stand for.  That's why I'm one of many who don't count.  SAD!
How many calls have you received this month against trumpcare ? Seems like an easy question to answer.  If you need help counting...
Do you meet with all your constituents or just those who are not patriots but just republicans.
I was mean to his rep on the phone recently.  I feel bad.  Even tweeted apology.  If he has a town hall, make sure he wears socks!
POS
My aunt has lung cancer and affordable healthcare pays for her treatment or she'd be dead
Don't Trust Richard Burr, party before Country, Never Vote Republican, they could care less about your HEALTH!
Great!  Now, get back inside and #FIXOBAMACARE 
@SenatorBurr how 'bout you meet them in NC when you're here?
Town hall. I think you have little idea how angry people are about healthcare.
Town hall. Town hall. Meet us. Stop voting down party lines.
I am still not sure that u will vote 4 the ppl (times hv changed) and not the party. Change the culture of the R club-it feels old & bitter
Burr, when asked what healthcare bill might emerge:
"It doesn't concern me. As I said, I'll vote for anything."
Did u tell them u will e taking Medicaid n #ACA From your constituents?  No! #trumpcarekills
DH was FT Army Colonel +me Spec6 Plz do not harm Americans by taking #healthcare + #Medicaid away from 15-30 million to please a traitor SAD
You coming to Asheville anytime soon? Would love to share my opinion on some items.
My DH was FT Army Colonel +me Spec6 Plz do not harm Americans by taking #healthcare + #Medicaid away from 15-30 million, 4 tax breaks 4 RICH
Town hall please.
What they said! Why are you averse to holding public town hall meetings? Not all of your constituents can come to DC. Or is that the point?
@SenatorBurr Is that what we have to do? You won't hold town halls/meet w constituents in NC...Let me know and I'll schedule an appt.
what did they say about yanking healthcare security away from them? Or did you lie?
Saddened by your health care votes. It's clear you don't care about your constituents or doing your job as a public servant.
Now if only you'd see and listen to North Carolinians who are desperate to keep the access to healthcare that you are trying to take away...
Wish we could impeachment Burr, he represents the oligarchs, not the people of NC.

http://8harps.com 
How about abiding by the Constitution of the United States: IMPEACH!
Every able-bodied American must be able to serve in the military if they wish. The Trump Administration is full of hate.
I'm thinking your house would be a great place to discuss your personal accountability for voting to kill my grandmother.
Do you stand with your LGBTQ community?
Hurting the American people and service members. Do you still have any decency left in you to stand up to this obvious decline in democracy?

CONGRESS,SUBPOENA ALL AMERICAN'S WHO VOTED FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP OR STOP RUSSIAN WITCH HUNT
Civil liberties and rights. You can not continue to turn a blind eye to this. You simply can not be a party to this administration that is
Senator Burr I implore you to please stop the over reaching and abuse of power by the President. He has attacked enough of our
It had to be way too hot in them suites
Oh, so THAT'S how we can see you in person, just go 300 miles to DC. Strange, thought you had a few offices in NC too...  hmm...
I believe you are supposed to meet on our turf.
But not at town halls.
You can meet even more of us at a town hall!
Is the part you told them you will take away their healthcare, and help a Russian sponsored president?
You are one worthless senator When are you going to take over your committee? Or better yet resign
Were they excited to know you voted to raise their insurance premiums and deductibles? That their PEC won't be covered thanks to your vote?
Nice going Richard. Shake their hand then stab them in the back by taking away their healthcare
hope they told you what a shit job you're doing since you wont hold a town hall
If you're so fond of your constituents, why are you willing to vote for any health care bill put in front of you? You owe us more, Senator.
Why are you against Democracy?
Please vote no for repeal and replace.  Fix the ACA.  It can happen if both sides work together.  Forget the lobbyists!
Were they allowed to use the bathroom corresponding to their gender identity? 1st NC now "dirtbag" @realDonaldTrump is hating on the #LGBTQ
How about going back 4 u r useless as a senator in the Republican Party
Would love to meet with our Senator too.  Please share your town hall schedule for the August recess w/ your constituents ASAP.
Get back inside & stop voting to take healthcare away from 1 Million of your constituents, sir!!
Many constituents visited your office a few weeks ago to express concerns about healthcare. Too bad you had no time for them.
Shameful
Really?
town hall
Hold a town hall. Meet them more often.
I hope they asked you not to cut Medicaid and preexisting condition protections.
was this before or after you voted to take away the healthcare of millions of people?
You don't know much about healthcare (HC)... b/c it did give people more choice. The exchanges allowed ppl to choose their HC. #knowledge
You sure won't hold an open hall meeting to answer constituents questions.  Why not listen to people of NC when they voice their concerns
and how do they feel about your vote on #Trumpcare ?  I would be interested in hearing
THIS is what accountability looks like.
https://twitter.com/_sirtainly/status/842403946794762242 …
Where will history categorize our SILENT LEGISLATORS?
39:
HOW OUR SENATORS VOTED FOR LIKELY RUSSIAN MONEY LAUNDERER #WilburRoss FOR #CommerceSecretary organized by state.
…
Did you the ones from whom you want to take health insurance?
