It was extremely boring. You know there was no collusion stop wasting our tax money.
Burr is doing the right thing.  GOP was going bats___ crazy claiming collusion between L Lynch and former president Clinton on a plane...
We saw them, it was collusion! LOL. Trump has never been seen hiding out with a Russian agent for 45 min. Nothing after a 1 yr investigation
Meeting Russian agents was outsourced to his admin & family members. Flynn, Jr, Kushner and folk.
I’ve seen no proof at all just hearsay and fake news from cnn msnbc and other msm stations. 3 investigations and 1 year later, still nothing
Nothing that you know... Mueller is too professional to leak info.  Unlike the Trump team.  Did Tillerson call Trump a moron or Fake News?
Tillerson said it’s not true. So you know more than the accused? C’mon now.
Tillerson said he wasn't convinced not to resign by Pence. Careful word crafting, hay? Also State Dept said Till didn't call Trump a moron 
We the people need the answers. This press conference basically just reported that you've interviewed a lot of people. Trump conspired.
Sounds like Jr. will be called back, hopefully under oath and public this time. Trump is too stupid to pull off plausible deniability.
Hopefully it'll be a public hearing
There is a lot more proof the government intelligence agencies colluded with Obama to corrupt the election.
Okay Mr. KC. Provide your proof, with real facts.

Ask my senator @SenatorBurr about the dossier.  Senate IC has already confirmed a good portion. Try again with your proof.
Senator Burr had a conference yesterday and said their investigation has found no evidence of collusion. Maybe you should listen to him
Let POTUS do his job and stop this nonsensical BS!
Potus spent this morning crying because someone called him a moron. The guy is a moron and unfit for office
I must have missed that but I noticed many times your boy Obama cried cos Hannity hurt his little feelings. Totally unfit for office!

BREAKING: Associate of Steele tells #Maddow that Steele said yes to Senate Intel meeting request. 
Ugg! Don’t send me his clips. Seriously he makes me ill.
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/10/10/carter-page-russia-probe-243648 … @MarkWarner @SenatorRisch @SenFeinstein @SenRubioPress @marcorubio @RonWyden @SenatorCollins @MartinHeinrich
@RoyBlunt @SenAngusKing @SenatorLankford @Sen_JoeManchin @SenTomCotton @SenKamalaHarris
Enough is enough on this witch hunt on our president.  We the tax payers are done footing the bill on this crap.
So, your hit a wall negotiating with Steel.....it seems that you may have been caught in a lie big guy.
I am a NC voter.Stop Russia witch hunt. 6 months of nothing stop wasting my tax money NOW. You look foolish,not respect the voter’s wishes.
It certainly hasn't been 6 months of nothing, and the only ones looking foolish are those that don't believe the Russia probe is valid.
6 more months of nothing...
Oxymoron if I ever heard it! Stop wasting our money, once again on this moronic "Riussian investigation" !! Unless you are actually ...
Investigating Hillary and the uranium one deal or her dealings with Ukrain or Bills speaking fees in the area while she was sec state!
senator burr follows:

john mccain
jeff flake
(((neo-con))) john cornyn
crooked john boehner
megyn kelly

sen. burr does NOT follow:

POTUS
That doesn't surprise me a bit.  This guy is totally useless.
How can you take a paycheck from a government while trying to divide it. America chose trump.earn your money honestly as America does
@HouseJudiciary @GOPoversight @SenateGOP @HouseGOP 

#DebbieWassermanSchultz  Why is there NO INDICTMENT? TRIAL?
Senator, DO THE RIGHT THING! Dems are full of SCANDAL & COLLUSION! Why is #DebbieWassermanSchultz  still there?
Seriously?  Stop wasting OUR money and shut this down.  You're embarrassing yourself.
You need to grow a backbone and stop this scam of an investigation. You r wasting our money. We are sick n tired of this. 
Please keep investigating. We, the majority, who btw didn't vote for him r not sick of this
Of course not...the people who didn't vote for Trump don't pay taxes because none of them work.
why you saying the russian ads were not pro trump? When we are seeing this?
Being Patriotic is a russian front to meddle in our election.  So why say you dont see russians being pro trump here?
Wrong. We are ahead of you. We know FB ads targeted WI and MI. Stop lying to us!
Godspeed, Senator.
Emergency! #25thamendment NOW! I sincerely hope they don't allow him anywhere near NUKE football. @gop @housegop @senategop STOP @potus NOW
Richard Burr lied about hitting a wall about Trump's dossier author. Steele has told Burr that he is available. What is Burr now hiding?
You need voted out the next time around for trying to frame a duly elected President. Trump makes you all look like the fools that you are.
Again, MAJORITY of Americans did not vote for him
Fake News. Americans do not include illegals or as you libs like to say, dreamers. (Or the dead)
What was done to you too have so much hate in your heart? Whatever it was I'm sorry
Unless you tell me someone interviewed @JulianAssange the SOURCE of all this, you can't tell me you have all the info. Period.
Why he is a liar. And a Leaker thought y’all didn’t like leakers
I like leakers...just don't like the leakers who lie.  Big difference.
Hahaha!
PUT COUNTRY ABOVE PARTY BURR THERE IS A TRAITOR IN THE WHITE HOUSE
History will remember Senator Burr as a coward and traitor who failed to protect our Nation.
Please just release the info you have on the Russia investigation or there will be nothing but bickering over literal fake news.
Burr will not be ellected again in NC
Vote the bastardized senator out
watch you watch your base? no thanks.
How bout you "expand" the investigation into Uranium One? How bout that!?
So SICK of them selectively investigating what fits their agenda and ignoring what doesn't!
How do you say you investigated the Podesta emails without interviewing THE SOURCE OF THE PODESTA EMAILS!? So insulting to our intelligence.
That's been the takeaway from the last year and a half. That our OWN government is so corrupt I loose sleep at night.
You did not say anything that most already knew waste of time!
The President is trying to keep focus today on Las Vegas victims and their families. Can you people really do nothing right? Why couldn't you wait a day?
Uh...you know you are supposed to be the one leading, right?
Pay for this bogus witch hunt out of your own pockets..I do believe all these comments are proof,we don't want to pay for it..
Haha! Check out comments on tRump timeline. According to ur logic he should step down. Actually he's at 35% approval, so that's accurate 
Trump stays..witch hunt goes..
TIME TO END THE WITCH-HUNT LET THE PRESIDENT FOCUS ON LEADING THE COUNTRY END IT NOW!
@realDonaldTrump

Wow!- Chris Farrell: Senator Burr is a glorified sock puppet to Senator Warner & an embarrassment to his office. #Dobbs #MAGA #TrumpTrain 

BREAKING: Associate of Steele tells #Maddow that Steele said yes to Senate Intel meeting request. 
several of your comments have been proven false and you wonder why we wanted an independent council. NO TRUST
why did you lie about Christopher Steele?
Sen. Richard Burr/Republican party is corrupt and dangerous bigots and fascist terrorist. GOP put party before country protecting Trump
Sen. Richard Burr is helping the Russian government and Trump attack America . Putin is laughing at us & has moved on to his new mission.
Republicans are colluding with Trump to conceal Treason. Putin puppets are putting America in danger





Expanding probe with no evidence?
You're pathetic.
Total embarrassment.
Watching u stand like a puppy dog next to Sen. Warner was very embarrassing.Do u really think this man is serious?Do u think he seeks truth?
Why did you purposely misrepresent discussions w Christopher Steele?@MarkWarner ?
It seems Burr misrepresented Steele's willingness to talk because Steele refused to burn clients (all the GOP wants).https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/amp/trump-dossier-author-talks-senate-intel-committee-n808401 …
You must be compromised Mr. Burr. What a shame on the office. So sick of Rinos. Your about as worthless as McCain. Fake Conservative.
Youtube must also be investigated. Tons of videos there: @HillaryClinton has Parkinsons. Look at this from Russian Insider.
@HouseDemocrats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqY-hno1wJE&t=25s …
Are you hiding the facebook ads for the president
Attempting to cast doubt on that dossier and its author?  Steele said to name the time & place.  We know who the FB ads helped, too.  LIAR.
Hey, dick: What were mumbling about regarding the dossier? Hard to understand while you were licking trump's hand...
https://mobile.twitter.com/SethAbramson/status/916073706505560064?s=09 …
How come Bob Meuller can meet with Chris Steele and you can't? Obstruction of justice?  It seems very suspicious of you
Do the right thing now or No more vote from me  for u - republican nc voter!!!!!
Burr is a liar
Don't you know by now that what you say will be fact checked. Why lie?
Wow, per latest report you are doing your best at blocking the Trump Russia investigation. #DoYourJob and stop shilling for Trump.
Why do you say that Steele won't meet w/you? He has met with S.I. Mueller, and has offered same to you.
Is this obfuscation of the dossier for the GOP? READ DOSSIER HERE. Much of this has been confirmed by FBI & CIA. 

https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/3259984/Trump-Intelligence-Allegations.pdf …
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-switch/wp/2017/10/05/russian-propaganda-may-have-been-shared-hundreds-of-millions-of-times-new-research-says/?hpid=hp_hp-cards_hp-card-technology%3Ahomepage%2Fcard&utm_term=.7ed3da01e4b1 …
Get a set bro
Your a fraud and wasting our money get to wrk for Carolina support the agenda of trump
Why are you lying
Well, well, it seems that C Steel spoke with Muller. Could be that Mueller's investigation holds more weight and credibility.
I watched that press conference, & frankly, sir, you looked like a whipped dog having his chain yanked by a sullen controlling Demo ASSHOLE!
According to MSNBC, there is NO WALL between Mr.Steel & your committee... RU just PRETENDING? game of looking good?
Why did you lie about Christopher Steele?
The swamp is chasing unicorns while ignoring real crimes such as illegal surveillance, unmasking and Hillary's corruption. Stop wasting 
Should we all start chanting 'lock them up'
Stop lying! Stop protecting the traitor trump. Christopher Steel will meet with U. Do your damn job + protect America from Russia. We see U.
While you LIE about access to Christopher Steele interview. @maddow outed you sir. Come clean. PUT AMERICA FIRST.
Watch you lie?
So, who holds the pres accountable for his #fakenews or lies? If media is investigated then t-Rump should be too!!! HISTORY WON'T FORGET!
STOP TAKING BLOOD $$$ FROM THE NRA! GUN CONTROL NOW!!!
Watched and nothing. We can't find anything but we will? Stand up to Warner and say enough!
What drove you to proclaim Mr. Steele was not cooperating when he accepted your invitation?
Is this your @DevinNunes moment?
or is the Steele testimony literally a conviction of Donald Trump and tax reform hasn't passed yet?
It seems like folks are delaying the expulsion of a soviet asset to cut the corporate tax rate. Neat Burr.
We are watching you Burr.  No more monkey business.
Our mutual Nation is far more important than @GOP fundraising
I noted your tone shift.  The money folks are telling you to scuttle
So there is no freaking evidence of collusion (not a crime) yet u want to continue investigating while criminals/your friends evade justice
Mr. Steele will meet with you now!  Please don't cover up for sorry ass Trump and most of the disgusting GOP!
Do you REALLY have to continue a dead end investigation that's actually embarrassing to you & disgusts the nation?
So N almost  a year, U haven’t found any collusion but going 2 continue because Rhinos,Dems,Media wants U 2.Stop it NOW!

We hear Steele offered to meet some months ago....so I guess there's no brick wall after all!  Go for it!
YOU LIE!!
Please explain. Steele says he will meet with you. Why are you saying he won't?:
BREAKING: Associate of Steele tells #Maddow that Steele said yes to Senate Intel meeting request. 
People he has to go!!
Why did you say Steel wouldn't meet w/you? That's NOT TRUE! His ppl have said he's glad to meet w/you! ARE YOU EVEN TRYING?! Do ur job!!!!
Mueller didn’t seem to have a problem meeting with Christopher Steele. Maybe your credibility is at stake? Bark bark.

BREAKING: Associate of Steele tells #Maddow that Steele said yes to Senate Intel meeting request. 
Why are you lying?

BREAKING: Associate of Steele tells #Maddow that Steele said yes to Senate Intel meeting request. 

Trump Seemed To Cite An Article From A Kremlin-funded News Source : NPR http://www.npr.org/2016/10/11/497520017/trump-apparently-quotes-russian-propaganda-to-slam-clinton-on-benghazi …

The Photo That May Help Unlock the Trump-Russia Scandal – Mother Jones http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/05/flynn-putin-dinner-payment-security-clearance-photo/ …

EXCLUSIVE Jill Stein op-ed: In praise of WikiLeaks | TheHill https://www.google.com/amp/thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/technology/292305-exclusive-jill-stein-op-ed-in-praise-of-wikileaks%3Famp …

How Roger Stone Interacted with Russia’s Guccifer and Wikileaks https://www.google.com/amp/www.newsweek.com/how-stone-interacted-russias-guccifer-and-wikileaks-673268%3Famp=1 …

Trump Russia dossier key claim 'verified' - BBC News https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bbc.com/news/amp/world-us-canada-39435786 …
End these outrageous hearings.  14 months and you have nothing.  Stop wasting our time and tax dollars!!!
It seems Richard Burr lied about whether the Senate committee could question Christopher Steele, of the Trump Dossier. Why, I'm sure we know
“Credible offer”?! He’s already risked his life for us multiple times to WARN us about the MORON @GOP elected. Stop this BS abt brick walls!
When are you going to hold the Russian’s accountable for electing Trump?

Steele is willing 2 meet w u What is goin on. R u tring 2 cover 4 Trump I can'tbelieve u would do that. I have admired u
And of course along with networks, you will hold Buffoon POTUS to account for anything he has said that is not factual, right? RIGHT?
Liar! Steele will meet with you.. you just don’t want to hear what he has to say.
Former British spy Steele met with #Mueller but not the Senate Intelligence Committee? Did you know about this?
Is the Senate Intel Committee going to contact #Mueller about this alleged meeting?
Come on. Stop the nonsense. U know as well as the rest of us...& tell ur pal @ChuckGrassley-really shouldn't go out looking like a traitor.

BREAKING: Associate of Steele tells #Maddow that Steele said yes to Senate Intel meeting request. 
Why are you lying? What are you hiding? Meet with Steele NOW! Stop trying to obstruct this investigation. Meet with Steele NOW! #Corruption

BREAKING: Associate of Steele tells #Maddow that Steele said yes to Senate Intel meeting request. 
LIES LIES & More LIES by Republicans No longer believe @GOP nor can we trust you https://twitter.com/maddowblog/status/916111985112006656 … #HillaryThankYouNotes
BREAKING: Associate of Steele tells #Maddow that Steele said yes to Senate Intel meeting request. 
Why did you lie. Chris Steele is willing to talk with you and Sen Warner. All you need is a time. Mr. Mueller has met with him. STOP LYING!
Who cares who paid for the dossier! It's the content! And the FBI knows its true. How sad you are selling America to Russia and DT. Shame!
Who the hell cares about payment for the #dossier?  The content is what is relevant! #TrumpRussia
Richard, stop all this ludicrous, insane, showboating crap & do something important. U must b a RINO or dem in disguise. My President is OK.
Well i guess you lied about the brick wall.  @SenateDems better keep an eye on your "leadership" of the senate investigation.

WSJ: Facebook cut references to Russia from April report on election influence amid concern from lawyers. https://www.wsj.com/articles/facebook-cut-russia-out-of-april-report-on-election-influence-1507253503 …
Senator, are you TRULY willing to place yourself on this side of history??
@SenatorBurr will continue to investigate if he wishes to preserve his status as an true American. At times he seems unwilling to do so. Concentrate on TRUMP, not media
Why don't you get off the Trump/Russia crap and investigate  Clinton,IRS,Benghazi,Clinton foundation,Clapper,Rice. Do u think we r stupid
keep digging senator burr. help us understand exactly what happened
You got up there and absolutely lied to the American people. Steele said he WILL meet with you. Quit sucking up to trump and get th job done
I don’t think you really want to investigate the dossier, the author - Steele wants to meet with senate intel since September. Pick the date
Looks like your brick wall statement is a lie. Steele will meet with you anytime. Are you trying to obstruct justice, too?
MSNBC reports Christopher Steele's associate says Mr. Steele is willing to meet with members of Congress.  Brick wall?
Why are you lying about not being able to meet with Steele? He has offered to meet with you!
You are lying!!!!' Unacceptable
https://twitter.com/MaddowBlog/status/916111985112006656 … he said he'd like to meet with you..so..you lied.. Why?
BREAKING: Associate of Steele tells #Maddow that Steele said yes to Senate Intel meeting request. 
Shame on you! Lying to Americans about author of dossier refusing to meet with you.
Watch Rachel Maddow tonight destroy Sen. Burr's claim that Chris Steele won't meet with Sen. Intell. Steele's camp says just give us a date!

The Senate Intelligence committee "We can certifiably say that no vote totals were affected" on Trump/Russia collusion = It's over #winning 
LIAR LIAR LIAR!  Christopher Steele is willing to meet with you. He is a RUSSIAN expert Some people connected with this dossier are DEAD sad
BURR. What a wicked web we weave when we practice to deceive. LMAO are you watching Rachel Maddox America is. Maybe he  will be  on her SHOW
@MarkWarner Why are Republicans obstructing justice for the American ppl re the Russian investigation. Steele DID agree to meet
#MAGA @Gop @SenJohnMcCain LIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIARLIAR
YOU SIR ARE A LYING CAD
#BUMPSTOCKS #BUMPSTOCK #BUMPSTOCKBAN

CHRISTOPHER STEELE!
Steele said hed be happy to meet so why are you lying???
What is President Trumps Russians collusion crime? There is none and collusion is not a crime! Your committe is a fraud, shut it down.
What is wrong with you people have you no common sense? After 9 months of investigating Trump collusion you have NOTHING! Shut down!
What a waste of tax payers money & still nothing & U can't be a man & close this Investigation. Support the POTUS like he did you!
You make me sick that you are still holding a seat in OUR senate. One year and NOTHING and you want to keep digging
How about you find out who initiated that fake dossier. It would be cheaper for the tax payer than this Russian debacle.
Burr hates Trump like the rest of the swamp. He wanted Pres Hillary. He has done everything to stop Trump's agenda.
Stop wasting millions of our tax dollars searching for evidence of a crime against our @POTUS Focus on the REAL crimes of Clinton & Obama!
These real crimes staring us N the face & U waste taxpayer $ TRYING 2 find a crime!! Shame on U!
Stop wasting taxpayers money Swamp Creature!
Your committee will hold the media accountable? When do you plan on holding #POTUS accountable? You can start with his tweets and go from there...
And put some socks on! Sen Burr, why so  ?
Cut bait or fish.
Stop wasting tax payer money on russian  conclusion. U have not found any evidence.
You are the most incompetent RINO in DC. Go home and crawl under your slime rock

Come on Sen. The collusion issue is a dnc, Clinton and obama issue. Start looking into them. Your wasting our time and money
Waste if money and time. Warner has you under his thumb.
Burr myst go
On what grounds do you continue this insane Russian collision witch hunt?
Happy about breaking news Mueller's investigators have met with Christopher Steele!!! #treason$uck$
Why don't you ask John McCain about the fake dossier, Senator? McCain's the one who delivered it to Comey.
Narrative you tried to paint on Steele doesn’t past Mr Burr
News per CNN: Robert Mueller has interviewed Christopher Steele who put together the Trump dossier.
Don’t listen to detractors. You are a true patriot. You and Mark Warner are a tribute to how Congress should work.
Really do you believe the Steel report was factual, duh it was fake and the whole collusion lie is based off this report
You're a puppet & a disgrace to the party. WHAT was point of this press conference? To tell us how incompetent you are? STOP WASTING OUR $
You've hit a wall on @realDonaldTrump dossier? That's a lie. You have the author and sources right in front of u.U just don't like the truth
Way too much investigation on a subject being investigated for 1 yr. plus has revealed NO WRONG DOING!! Corruption run amuck!
What a disappointment - You are finishing your career on a witch hunt.  A waste of your time and our tax money.
Listen to the people we dnt want a civil war,if they did want trump clearly not anymore...y'all stirred them up now calm then dwn
You got you all as leaders but you have some over you all as spiritual leaders,spiritual seeing all and having the dominion over flesh
2/2 ASK Twitter Senator to look at some of these accounts and get their locations!
1/2 Lots of Russian Trolls & Bots on your Twitter Acct Senator trying to get you to END the Trump RU investig - saying it was a Hoax.
You're an EMBARRASSMENT to the Republican party. Dragging the investigation for a payday. Shame on you! Scam artist!
Has anyone bothered to explain to you where and how the Steele dossier came about and that it was made up to prove a point?? God help us!
Senate Intelligence Hypocrite Richard Burr warned news organizations Thursday that his panel would hold them "accountable" for any false reporting in the Russia investigation. He will not however hold trump “accountable” for his DAILY lies.
U know, based on our history with Steele that he is reliable. Also, if the info within the Dossier is true, the source is irrelevant.
If I hate my neighbor & turn him in for a crime, if in fact it's true, my motive doesn't matter. It doesn't make him less criminal.

Sen Burr: Why is the committee still investigating the retarded Russian interference thing? So stupid. A complete waste of our time & $$.
Haven’t found and Trump Russia collusion yet? Are you going to look for 3 years and make something up? We know your after him #watchingyou

BTW.  Why should repubs continue to contribute to a party which fails to fulfill promises on full repeal of OCare, building wall, tax reform
stop wasting our money on your shit show!
Intelligence & @GOP is a contradiction in terms!
Senate intelligence: isn't that an oxymoron?

The only collusion taking place is between u and Sen. Warner to make up Russian collusion.
And how many hours did you spend working on the needs of Americans, ie tax reform, health care.  Those are pressing needs, prioritize!
You spend all that time and $$ to tell us something we already know? OMG. Russia interfered! What a surprise! And it's not over. what a joke
You suck as a Republican get behind our president stop the witch hunting!!!
This is a total and absolute disgrace. You want collusion you need look no further than the DNC and the Clinton campaign.
This investigation is a sham. Why r u ruining ur reputation by participating. After a year still looking to a hint of collusion. No crime
We the People are so fed up with this Russia nonsense. You're wasting our tax dollars plus time you should be working for US! Needs to stop!
Socialist Dem.,sympathizer, #RichardBurr continues to #waste millions of #Taxpayer $ on Russian #WitchHunt, while Clinton/Obama go free.
@USAGSessionsRussia madness by un-recusing URself,so U can act fully as A.G. #FireMueller #Open H.Clinton-Obama Adm.#Investigation
Next time you give a presser ... tell the truth and tell Warner to shut the hell up. Get behind our President! I trusted you.
2.  of my time.  I'm in my 50's and I'm so upset the way the GOP have treated him, gone against him because you're ALL the Swamp.
The Dems always stood up for Obama, they stood together no matter what.  Yet Our Party never defends Trump.  He's the BEST President .... 1
