VOTE NO on healthcare bill. 22 million people will lose their insurance.
Americans are forgiving of greed, fine with private property, rentiers, the profit motive, till the lies & greed go off the charts.
GOPers were elected 2 REPEAL it.  Every one of you knows that. new HC should have NO taxes, NO mandates, not protect insurers.NC is watching
The CBO says the BCRA includes tax cuts to corporations and the wealthy (contributions to National Healthcare) add up to $563 billion.
Totally repeal Obamacare, Rand Paul is right!
Trumpcare is deemed unworkable by every major stakeholder. You are supposed to be protecting us.
Senator, there is NO WAY you can review the legislation, receive input from constituents and vote by next week. Plain and simple.

Now that McConnell conveniently forgot to submit Cruz's amendment to CBO, I take it you will be voting NO to this travesty of a bill.
People over party Mr Burr.
I've tried to call your office (202.224.3154) 50+ times this week. Automatically disconnected every single time. Unacceptable.
I tried to call Burr over 20 times Friday and always got a “busy” signal. Have Tweeted twice asking him what is going on - no reply.
You almost certainly won't get a reply on twitter. Angela Wiles is his
Health Policy Director:
angela_wiles@burr.senate.gov
Thank you!
Don't forget Tillis' office too.
Thanks @freetimeectomy I'll be sure to use this graphic in the future.
H/T to @IndivisibleTeam for putting this nationwide list together:

Pls rt- 202 224 3121 Ask your Senator to vote NO-Parents like me shouldn't have to fight for our child's #healthcare 
The CBO says 15% of women lose access to Family Planning services as Federal funding to Planned Parenthood are cut in your new plan.
The richest nation on earth: America: The only developed country where the citizens do not have National Healthcare, because of our Senators
I implore you to vote NO on this haphazard repeal!
The state said send me your horror stories about ACA. No horror.Thousands of lifesaving tales. Vote NO to pub's cruel healthcare bill.
I am OK with your statement but wonder why there is nothing to stop high costs of drugs/treatments. These costs are part of high premiums!
P.s. I am OK except that NC refused Medicaid under Obamacare so this portion of the statement is deceptive which is a great concern!
Thank you for clearing that up. The @SenatorBurr statement sounds like the ACA, & we know it is far from it. NC stands for Not Conscious.
Vote no. Why do you want to hurt your constituents -the people who voted for you? No on #ACA #NoRepeal
Nobody in DNC who are really Republicans, but so many in GOP WHO ARE DEMS! SAD! ME knew Collins GOP so why does she have to act like DEM?
Mid-terms need to replace RINOS & DEMS WITH TRUE REPUBLICANS! You phonies in the GOP are hurting AMERICA, not just POTUS! Hurting us!
If John Edwards hadn't known better than to live the rich swinger lifestyle when running for President NC wouldn't be so Red. Lucky Burr.
Vote NO on the bill that will be put up tomorrow.  Have you even read it?  What exactly is being voted on?  Harming millions?
Prior to & during WWII there was amongst the high class a healthy fear of organized labor.WWI soldiers warned their sons about soldier's pay
As one of the constituents of North Carolina I want you to vote No on the upcoming health care plan. Do not Repeal #ACA
Vote NO
Do you really want your name associated with what will be a failed heath are bill???
Happy July 4th Senator. Celebrate by opposing loss of affordable care in your state. Terms of the new plan simply not acceptable.

You are another example of the need for term limits! To snub President cause you didn't want to be COMEYD is outrageous!
Terribly misleading. I'm in NC, have a pre-existing condition(MS), and even more concerned now with the #Cruz amend. Please do right thing.
The CBO said that Medicaid enrollment will fall by 15 million people, by 2026 under new BRCA.  Americans deserve National Healthcare,
The CBO says that the GOP Plan BCRA allows states to opt out of Mental Health coverage, making that coverage "very expensive".
Or is it that those with money & power make NC now stand for No Conscious or Not Conscious as "Same difference."
"While not perfect, the bill does..." Nothing in here explains why the bill isn't perfect. We need pros and cons, not just a list of pros.
Vote NO on new Senate GOP repeal of ACA health care. Don't take healthcare away from over a million people in NC.
how much going to cost my grandkids
The GOP ran on the promise of full repeal. Keep your word or say bye in #2018 #KeepThePromise #UnitedForFreedom
You came out in public support of Senate Bill before reading it! You owe you constituents more than that #accountability
We, the People were promised #FullRepealorNoDeal! #KeepYourPromise Get the gov't. out of healthcare! #UnitedForFreedom
Please work toward repealing then replacing Obamacare. That nightmare legislation needs to go away sooner rather than later!TY
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare! #UnitedforFreedom!
Ppl have become smarter and can see thru the govt bs. This is not repeal. Subsidies are just a form of wealth redistrib. Vote No!
TrumpCare is *not* repeal!! GOP promised Obamacare would be repealed and that's exactly what we expect!! #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
Obamacare continues to DESTROY health care in America. WHY ARE YOU BAILING IT OUT? #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
Jesus wept. Feed people, clothe them, shelter them, heal their wounds.  You are an evil man Richard.  You know it.  Shame, Shame on you.
Our health is priceless. Single payer healthcare is the only way to go. People shouldn't go broke from becoming ill or injured.
"You Can All Die, We Don't Care." Republican Health Care 2017 http://tiny.cc/72fsky 
Shame on you. This bill is an economic disaster for people aged 50-64. And you know this so you're refusing to have town halls
#VoteNO on Trumpcare. Millions of your constituents will lose healthcare if you and @SenThomTillis vote to pass this immoral legislation.
Those who are "woke" dont believe you, those who voted for you will know you are a liar & do not care about their health.
Simply put, stop all this foolishness about healthcare. This bill is nothing more than a tax cut for the wealthy.
Glad that you went on the record to support b4 the decision to delay vote. True colors - Party over country.
Vote no ... this bill is trash and you should know it ....
Can't wait to see you in a few hrs. Myself & a few friends will be out front of your offices to let you know just HOW MUCH WE LOVE this bill
These are lies, plain and simple.
I'll be waiting for the announcement of your town hall over the July 4th recess
Please help-unhealthy Boomers.I saved earnings,self sufficient againstMedicaid, age 63/64 & $550 mo prem all I can afford 4 1, 85 lbs 2 ill
oh man, you are just spouting a bunch of crazy talk here.
The most depressing part is that this is his last term and he gives zero f--. There are no repercussions and he knows this.
Maybe you should spend some time with your constituents during your time off.  I know a few who want to talk healthcare.
Would you want this kind of health care coverage for your family?  I'll take yours, you can have this.  Bet you wouldn't switch.
Older, low income ppl will pay MORE for healthcare. How do you justify that? People will DIE because of this bill, how is this OK?
ACA is flawed, but surely the Senate can do better than this? If this bill was a college thesis, how'd you feel about the grad it would get?
Dear Richard Burr,
GOP=Greed Over People
#CBOReport #HealthcareBill
https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/right-turn/wp/2017/06/26/the-cbo-confirms-senate-republicans-health-care-bill-is-a-turkey/?utm_term=.a96d83f16cdb …
Make America Greedy Again #MAGA
how about you just call this what it is. a Tax break for the rich.
Please read the CBO report, then vote no on this bill that will harm millions.
Vote NO on AHCA- you know it is the right thing to do....
Vote NO on GOP wealthcare bill! Don't rob the MEDICARE trust of $117 billiion to give to the 400 wealthiest people.
Sir, please vote against the Better Care Reconciliation Act of 2017.  It is wrong for NC and the US
Can I ask a simple question?  How does this draft of the Health Care Bill compare to the Health Care you receive as a Senator?
Go ahead, let's see this travesty come to a vote.  If it fails, good.  If it passes, good-bye GOP party.
This is not what the CBO report shows.  22 million lose insurance, elderly costs triple. And that is just the highlights. Vote no!
with the CBO score out, please explain how you can justify voting in favor of this legislation.
#VoteNoACHA those kids u used as "Props" 2 show ur human will "DIE" under the bill! #AMA is against it!
The AMA opposes the #Senate's #HealthcareBill, with physicians' vow to #FirstDoNoHarm at the crux of our opposition. http://spr.ly/60108oyAo  
Disappointed in your statement.  Please reconsider. #VoteNoBCRA
THIS IS NOT A GOOD BILL FOR NORTH CAROLINIANS! THIS IS NOT A GOOD BILL FOR NORTH CAROLINIANS! THIS IS NOT A GOOD BILL FOR NORTH CAROLINIANS!
We don't believe you. Other GOP Senators are challenging the bill for the impacts to their constituency. Why the rush and secrecy?
NO. Vote NO. This bill is a disaster. Do better. Protect your constituents. We deserve better. You can do better. Reach across the aisle.
Your staff told me not to worry, this bill would never pass. Can you guarantee that?
Why do you lie about this bill?
The more we learn about this bill the worse we learn it's impact will be.  Vote "NO". You will be held accountable for your vote
@SenatorBurr pretty sure your constituents are getting ready to vote you out! This bill does nothing that you claim in your statement
Congressional races in 2018!. GOP congress already voted yes to push 23 milion off healthcare.
This bill will kill jobs by starving small hospitals until closed, worsening the opioid epidemic and killing people for lack of care
If the bill is so great, why did the American Medical Association slam it?  DO NO HARM!The most vulnerable are at risk & you are endorsing??
Great CBO score - 15 million will be uninsured next year alone!  Go ahead, vote Yes on the gd bill.  Good-bye GOP.
#VoteNoAHCA
it's embarrassing for NC that you are so quick to support a bill when the process has left no time to vet consequences of it.
this bill will remove healthcare for 15 million Americans next year alone. It takes away coverage from those who need it most.
In the wake of the CBO eval of this healthcare bill, you MUST reconsider. Millions and millions more will be uninsured. Awful for US and NC.
CBO says 22 million more will be uninsured because of this law.  you're on record endorsing validity of CBO scoring. Now what do you say?
Tow the party line. If this is your last term, I would have thought for once you put NC first and party second, but no.  You have no balls.
So i will have to pay 5x more because I'm 62.
People, say the harsh truth. If this bill passes, human beings will suffer and die. That's what both the house & senate have put forward.
Also, why does a healthcare bill need a giant tax cut for the wealthiest while leaving the poor & middle class uninsured? What priorities!
@SenatorBurr AMA against Trumpcare bill, most citizens against it. Why would you vote 'yes'? People will die b/c of it. Is it worth it?
@VP @houseGOP @gop SHAME on @potus Should apologize for his lies +harm he caused to OUR country +his family! Mobster, rapist, liar, traitor!
Do not vote to leave millions uninsured!

Save ACA! Improve it!
Your phone mailbox is full.

Do not vote for new healthcare bill. 
It has nothing to do with healthcare but is a tax break for the wealthy.
@gop #healthcare being destroyed for greed #treason due to greed!  SHAME on @potus LIAR should apologize #trumpRUSSIA treason
Urging you to vote against the healthcare bill which will cause suffering to those who least deserve it. We are your constituents in NC.
Please honor your word to protect North Carolinians and fight this. Congress can do better!
Why is there never anything to curtail insurance costs?  Why is it #profitsbeforepeople ?
As a constituent let me tell you eliminating coverage does NOT equal providing relief.
@SenatorBurr I'm one of your many low income chronically ill & disabled constituents. Please let me live. Vote no!
You have a net worth of $2.64 million.  Of course you want tax cut called healthcare.  VOTE NO TO TRUMPCARE FOR CONSTITUANTS
You need to start listening to your voters
How much money are you getting from medical and pharmaceutical industry? #Impeachtrump  fire burr.
NC GOP refused to accept ObamaCare expanded Medicare, don't mislead! Nothing but100% pop w/ affordable coverage is acceptable #AHCAKills
Why can't you acknowledge all other industrialized countries cover 100% citizens for half $$ & you're so greedy u don't care to try to match

Don't screw North Carolinians again by voting for this shitty healthcare bill. You're Fired!
202-224-3121 ask for Mr.Burr Don't  forget Sen Thom Tillis
How about the cuts to IU disabled Veterans?
U know if they can't work they havnt been able to pay into social security right?
600 billion cuts in Medicaid yet NC health system will prosper?
Try calling his local offices or hand delivery a letter to his local office. Go to a rally today if able.
Your statement is full of inaccuracies and manipulative language. As others have demanded, a townhall is the only way to hear what we think.
WEALTHCARE is only GOOD for those who don't need the money. Why don't you care about the weakest in need? restriction on CEOs of HC Ins$$
This bill kills, and if someone in my family dies as a result of you voting yes, I will literally place their corpse in your office doorway.
Read your statement. Also read the bill released 2 days ago. Senator, you are a liar. Just like you lied about protecting our environment.
Senator Burt - I certainly appreciate all you are doing on the Russia investigation. I hope you will consider fighting for us on healthcare
And voting against this bill. Certainly there is a solution but this bill will hurt vulnerable Americans.
You forgot to mention the Millions of Dollars in tax breaks for the wealthy.

Stop cowering to your party & support your constituents who actually put you in office to represent them. #Hypocrites
A Yes vote on this bill means you are saying Yes to killing millions of Americans.  It also means you're voting Yes to civil war.
U went right to COrnyn b/c u know he is a Trump shill just like you.
I really dont like the way you interrupted Senator Kamala Harris when she was drilling Rosenstein. U involved with Russia?
Trumpcare cuts Medicaid by almost a trillion dollars so rich people and insurance companies can have more money.
This bill lets insurance companies put annual and lifetime limits on plans.  So, you could have insurance and still be bankrupt.
You didn't mention opposing ending lifetime or annual limits.
Obama care light. Fix it or we will primary You guy's to get it done.
How about you join the NC insurance market instead of having lifetime benefits from the Senate?
"Better targets the tax credit to low income individuals" dude,  get a grip. When premiums, deductibles and out of pockets skyrocket.
More untruths, "stabilizes the individual insurance market"? By eliminating options, by allowing insurers to not cover cancer?
Your statement is dishonest. Premiums for those above 50 will be allowed to increase 5 fold. How is that better than double digit increase?
This bill has a 17% approval rating. What does that tell you? Fix Obamacare instead of pulling the rug out from under people.
Until we get corrupting money out of campaigns...we will have politicians ignoring our best interests....like Burr, Tillis and Meadows.
What a bogus statement. In no way is this plan good for poor and middle class North Carolinians. Morally indefensible.
Women shouldn't have to pay more for health insurance.
In the richest country in the world we should have the worst healthcare.
@SenatorBurr vote no on this hc bill.
I think you need to be replaced.  I can't believe you would be ok with this.  Time to think outside box.  GOP are old school & need to go
Tell me you read the bill. Have you?
You have no heart for the poor or sick.  Giving tax breaks for yourself and the rich is an abomination to everything I believe in.
Pass it. Pass the FUCKING bill and say goodbye to the entire GOP and hello to a civil war. PASS IT. Be tried for murder.
Agreed, tired of trying to get legislators to do what is humane. So, pass it already--pop'n will then see truth here, set Repubs back 20+yrs
I totally agree. My senator (burr) even has his VM turned off. I will NEVER understand these people.
There are many, many people--and not just the desperately poor--who will not be able to manage these crazy premiums on top of rent & food.
Gross misrepresentation.  More flexibility to lower costs= people can now buy terrible insurance that covers nothing important.  VOTE NO.
It's simple, change your vote to no.
This bill is genocide for the elderly and the disabled. I fail to see your logic in how that is good for anyone except the rich.
Senator Burr, you seem to have taken your phones off the hok as not to deal with your districts concerns per the healthcare bill. shameful.
Don't you wish you were half the man that @SenDeanHeller is?? That you could actually be honest about this #WealthCare bill? Man up
How in the world you say Medicaid is improved under tRumpcare?? Please vote NO on this poorly planned bill. You rep all NC not just Repubs
And Obamacare didn't cut Medicare. NC chose not to expand Medicare when it was implemented. Those are different things. Stop lying.
Do not vote for legislation that allows insurance to cut maternity care or consider being a woman a pre-existing condition. I depend on #ACA
#stopAHCA, by ending blank check to #BigPharma, end monopolies, increase competition, let Medicare negotiate drug prices. #savebillions
Your bill is far from perfect. Charging people more for pre-existing conditions is shameful as is your press release about the bill.
Let's replace government healthcare with this plan and see how the Senate would react
You should be ashamed. You know this benefits the wealthy and hurts the elderly and poor.  VOTE NO!
You & the rest of the GOP will OWN Trumpcare.  Go ahead, pass the horrible bill, enrich your donors & kill millions.  See how that works out
“The committee process has become too politicized,” he said

He doesn't want any committee meetings on the bill. 
That is bullying Mr Burr!
Burr said he thought the Senate should bypass the committee process altogether and head straight to the floor in about one month.
You just totally lied in your statement. You know good & well it cuts Medicaid funding. Have you inherited Trump's lying tongue?

You said you don't care about re-election, do you care about your soul? We are our brother and sister's keeper. Vote no.
Congressional elections in 2018!
You lie as much as tRump.  What the hell is in it for you to want to destroy so many lives?
Switching to block grants for Medicaid will eventually bankrupt NC, or cause loss of benefits to seniors, children, and the disabled. :-(
.@SenatorBurr, please listen to your constituents. The #BCRA is not right for North Carolinians and will do more harm then good. VOTE NO!
Good job Sen. Burr!   Keep up the good work in the Senate.
Oe eliminating essential health benefits (which allows ALL insurance companies to charge more for pre-existing conditions) for all of us.
Oh I know! Is it the tax cut for insurance company CEOs that written right in the text of the bill? Is that what you like the best about it?
Is that what you want to go in record as supporting for the sake of tax cuts for the wealthy?
For all insurance even from a job - it is increasing everyone's deductibles and health care costs and annual and lifetime caps on coverage?
over half a million North Carolinians rely on Medicaid. Where will they be getting their care? JUSTIFY THIS AS GOOD FOR US.
which part of the bill you like, is it cutting medicaid for pregnant women? 53% of births in NC covered by Medicaid.
why is there a retroactive capital gains tax repeal in a health care bill? Why is there a tax cut for insurance company CEOs in the bill?
No suprise you put politics ahead of the well being of North Carolinians.  You are an embarrassment to the state of NC.
Senator, I disagree with your statement in full. The GOP plan is not market-based, it attempts to resuscitate Obamacare. Repeal Obamacare
You have signed on for Republican Euthanasia. Can you sleep at night? Keep your morals and vote NO for NC
And to suggest that Obamacare 'cut' Medicaid is ridiculous and shameful.
