Senator: Time for McCain to go to the home? BB was more important than a good nights sleep. This hearing wasn’t important enough for him?
What a pathetic display. King and Harris excepted
When are you going to put your country ahead of your party? Those officials were mocking you and your committee yesterday. #contempt 4 #usa
Burr: "Let me start by telling the women to shut the ____ up.'
Will the Committee address Rubio & Cotton's dinner with Trump last night? Don't let the Senate Cmte become the joke that the House Cmte has
Cotton wasted his 5 minutes seeking affirmation for the bill he filed. Went down the line: "didn't u like it?" Only question the 4 answered.
HORRIBLE!! How you woyld let all the other males in the room question those present in whatever way THE MEN wanted to-yet you just had to
Burr. She will be in her seat long after your gone. Old wheezer
I LOVE how your party tries to shame women while they speak, on either side of the bench, as long as it serves the terrible man you serve.
Your behavior today was embarrassing. It was a yes or no question, ppl are tired of backpedaling and lies. I can't wait to vote against you.
You were raised better than the way you act, and the hateful leadership you're afraid to speak out on. I think your parents wanted better.
Who the hell do you think you are, preventing a female senator from getting answers for #theamericanpeople for WHOM YOU WORK?? #sexist #pig
U.S. Senate  Comm on Intelligence - what is the purpose of "oversight" if admin officials do NOT have to answer ?'s Why bother with hearing?
I watched you shutting down Kamala  and Dems during questioning.
Where's the investigation of #SethRich 's MURDER ? #pizzagate ? Clinton foundation? #HillarysEmails ?
The American people deserve an answer to Kamala Harris' question. Show some respect, Mr. Burr, by not obstructing
Your "silencing" of @KamalaHarris was misogyny in its truest form. You might try listening to her, you could learn a thing or two.
You, sir, need to learn to respect the membership of your committe #kamalaharris #shame
Will you apologize to @KamalaHarris for your rudeness? Male Senators asked near-verbatim questions too without rebuke. Shameful behavior.
You make me ashamed to be a native of NC
With all due respect, you owe Senator Harris an apology for your conduct today. Shame on you.
Constitutional obligation to keep Americans safe. OK, DEPORT all the "refugees" to Libya & ban Sharia Law. Talk 702 after. @realdonaldtrump
Why wouldnt you allow @KamalaHarris to press Rosenstein for an answer? He was making every effort to pivot and she was trying to get answers
Are you going to insultingly interrupt a female colleague today?
Sen Burr RESIGN!
Why did you keep cutting off @SenKamalaHarris? #sexism
Exactly what I said. She rocked though. Seems to be a republican male thing.
or a "I am trying to protect our front man Trump here, don't make my job harder than it already is" thing.
Your opening statement? Yawn.... cutting off Senator Kamala Harris was pathetic, sexist, and downright rude...Southern Gentleman my eye!
@Senjohnmccain your witnesses' stalled, unanswering questions. So you teo obstructed @KamalaHarris attempt at truth. #Shame
Proud of my California @SenKamalaHarris for persisting thru your #mansplaining today. She will not be silence fool.
These 4 men should be locked up for contempt!
@KamalaHarris did NOT deserve the sexist treatment; 5 minute limit; AG was lecturing & she had many questions that could be yes/no answers.
Those questions could not be answered with a simple yes/no as the Senator had wished.  She was rude.
These hearings are a waste of time & money we sent you to DC to Repeal & Replace #Obamacare & Tax Reform not help #FakeNews Get to work
Disgusting that you cut off @KamalaHarris as she tryed
 to get a simple yes or no answer. #complicit
Your "oversight" committee is a toothless useless pol joke. Why don't you COMPEL thos admin officials to ANSWER the committee's questions?
You're a misogynist. #kamala2020
Be very careful YOU are not charged with obstruction 2018 is not far away
You're a disrespectful, antiquated old white fossil. Your behavior towards Senator Harris is an embarassment to intelligent men.
You Suck!
Rudeness does not become you! Let Harris speak!
We saw ur shameful misogynistic treatment of senator Harris! Shame on you! Ur no patriot ur just partisan
Sir, STOP talking when the adults are speaking @KamalaHarris.  NO ONE needs to be mansplained anything.
You're a very rude man. Give the women the same respect you give the men. 

Jerk.
Why do all of the Republican males talk to their female colleagues like they're inferior?Seems like you're covering for a corrupt president.
Very rude. Sexism just can't be hidden like the Russian interference in the election & the bozo in charge's role
Time for Mueller! YOU sit down Sen. Burr!
Shame on http://you.You  would never interrupt a man. Sen. Harris was doing her job and he was filibustering to use up her time.
She persisted. #KamalaHarrisIsAShero
a SHERO!  i LIKE!
You were quite disrespectful to K. Harris.
pipe down
You forgot to affirm your allegiance to Russia. We all know you serve Trump/Putin and are a GOP party puppet
Your treatment of @SenKamalaHarris was  the low point of the hearing. Any male in any other Sen committee does the exact same. Disgraceful!
U let @SenAngusKing ask his questions yet U scolded @SenKamalaHarris like a child?! What is wrong w/you? have had it w/GOP's misogyny.
Burr &the rest of GOP are showing their true colors.Americans are watching u defend obstruction by DT.& denying the Russian Connections.
Your disrespectful attitude toward Senator Harris did not go unnoticed. Folks are going to get their fill of misogyny.
OMG, could you pipe down? The delicate females can't handle your bold language. Laughing as we resist, insist, and persist. I'm woman's ROAR
I heard your scolding of a female senator, embarrassing. @SenAngusKing can question and push for answer but she can't?
Did your opening remarks include a warning to female senators that they should pipe down?
You still out here being a misogynist?
Then instruct the witnesses ANSWER the damn questions, Senator!  THAT'S Democracy!!! What you're indulging in, is an attempted cover up!2018
He wouldn't be senator, he benefitted from all this corruption . He's doesn't want the truth!
You owe Senator Harris an apology. She was doing her job very well. Your credibility took a massive hit today.
your reprimand of @KamalaHarris was disrespectful and sexist — questions are not being answered; you seem complicit in ongoing obstruction
You were very rude to Sen. Harris.  I do not believe if it were a male colleague in her place, you would have interrupted.  #trumprussia
I was impressed by the hearing I thought I would see partisan but 4 most part went well @MarkWarner seem 2 b on same page #CountryOverParty
@SenatorBurr During the hearings Democrats & Senator McCain were very rude and did not focus on FISA Authority, how do you decide the issue?
We have seen your disrespect.
Burr you came accross like an ass with Ms. Harris. It seems to be a thing Republican men do. Kudos to Ms Harris and continue to be strong.
Stop protecting Obama and the Dems. They spied on Trump's campaign with no authorization... we know it, you know it. DO SOMETHING!
-You and Warner Are wasting TAX PAYERS Money,I hope your Consti see this N.C.Where are you?Show  ing.
Brilliant
#incontemptofcongress please help get trending so America makes point not acceptable you showed your disgusting today front and foremost
Hey, how DARE you treat Senator Harris like you did? You're not Big Daddy, you're Misogynist Boy.
She was grand standing.  Acting like a spoiled child with her interrupting and making faces when someone did try to respond. She's a joke!
Silly u
Thank you for your attack on Sen. Harris, singled out unlike your colleagues.  That was singularly obnoxious and so GOP.
Attacked!?  Act like an child get treated like one.
Exactly.  He threw quite a tantrum.
Exactly and she got shut down like she should have!
#GangOf8Notification ...given the availability of that sensitive briefing avenue at no time should you...come to Congress without an answer.
Enjoyed your closing remarks very much #TY
The fact that they came into hearing knowing that they were going to be questioned and had ZERO answers in regards to Trump is unacceptable
Agreed.  #Unacceptable
Rude ass.
Thk you Sir for your leadership in this hearing I am appalled by the fact the IC leaders will not answer questions
I did. You are a sad excuse for a US Senator. Why do you choose not to defend our duly elected President?
Those High Obamacare Deductibles Aren’t So High After All
Burr defends Trump.
Responses from panel to questions from Senators sound convoluted, hard to get a straight answer. Difficult discussion!
Pls uphold respect & stop the badgering and leading and putting words in mouths of witnesses by ur committee @SaraCarterDC @realDonaldTrump
NC and the nation are watching you.  What are you doing to make sure our country is not sliding into this swamp of corruption?
#trumprussia #treason has harmed US All! This is not just a consensual BJ!  Trump is a mobster and traitor!
Do NOT add to the obstruction of justice already occurring. Do your job. History (and voters) will not be kind to you.
Chief of Cover Up Of Intel Abuses against POTUS & All Americans! Drain the SWAMP !!!
we are counting on you to save the Republic.
AMERICAN'S ARE BEING SPIED ON AND I DON'T WANT 702! THEY ARE USING THIS FOR POLITICS AND I HOPE YOU CALL.THEM ON IT!
Waste of time & taxpayer $. Not the job you were sent to do in Washington. Very disappointed in many republicans in congress.
Republicans and democrats
Senate Intel Comte on FISA 702 powers, no Focus of unmasking and abuse of power. Why re-authorize  power if not properly used is my take
I hope the Cmte can maintain credibility. Don't be complicit, root out the treason. Put Country over party.
Stop obstructing
We have never seen anything like this before in our country's history! #TrumpRussia
The fourth ammedment is what you should be focusing on, not political weaponizing our our nation's intelligence apparatus
Dear Sir,
   
The eyes of the #TrumpTrain are on you. We voted #Trump, and we're not deterred; in fact we're getting very angry.
Attention:the #TrumpTrain is off the rails. If you support a traitor, what does that make you?
Focus on Russia!! Obstruction of Justice is ongoing, root it out!!
What is the status of the investigation on the Clinton foundation?
