You need to question rice and the Obama administration
If you don't bring in Susan Rice, you will lose credibility.
You have to get Trump's Taxes following the money will lead to Russia that's what he's been hiding.
BS let's see yours
She is not the president or in office
You promised non-partisan, .@MarkWarner opening statement proved this is a very partisan attack, attack, attack on .@Potus .@realDonaldTrump
The truth hurts but POTUS is a traitor.
Pls wake up. If Warner was sincere,he would be concerned that Hillary sold  uranium to Russia for her foundations gain! Warner is partisan
Nunes is disappointing us, Please stand strong in your hearings, and find the truth.
Why because he is actually investigating whistleblower evidence that doesn't support Dems narrative of RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA more like OBAMA
FUNNY how Obama did nothing about Russia until Hillary lost & now we R finding evidence he was investigating Trump & informing Hillary camp.
What we don't know is how long was he investigating Trump since Farkas seem to know all about it & she left Gov & joined Hillary in 2015.
Remember this investigation, Sen. Burr? Stop stonewalling.
Please investigate misuse of intel by Obama et al; have journalist @SharylAttkisson provide testimony of what she went through. SCANDAL!
Are you going finally go after Obama and Susan Rice unmasking and get to the truth?!  Or whitewash it?!
why does a former WH employee have access to wire tap info! Seriously this is worse than Watergate! & it still continues
Go back to sleep, well wake you up for the important stuff
Burr, globalist owned insiders like u have been exposed...i don't believe u have allegiance to Constitution or USA..wholly owned by K Street
Don't let Syria sidetrack your investigation. Keep searching for the truth. Something is rotten and we need to find it and get rid of it.
Thank you for your strong leadership in the insightful, informative and ultimately alarming #SenateIntelligenceCommittee hearing today.
The Russia story is manufactured. Spying for political purposes? Obama used Russia tactics. Set up your circus. CONSTITUTIONAL CRISIS!
Great hearing. Please stay focused on the investigation. Not get distracted by the politics. We're counting on you. 
please investigate aggregate intelligence community in re Obama db collecting data on EVERYONE re ELECTIONS
Thank you for promising to find the truth; even if it undermines @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for conducting this business as a competent adult. Unlike the House, this shows promise. @DevinNunes, you now know how to act. Do!
.@SenatorBurr @MarkWarner Bipartisanship of #SenateIntelligenceCommittee is so critical. Today's hrgs were enlightening and frightening.
As an American from a proud military family, my thanks to you and @markwarner for working together in search for answers about our #POTUS!
well Mr. Burr what I c @ these hearings is what connection DJT has 2 w/Russia not how Russia interfered in our election
believe me Mr. Burr the nation is waking up the election was only the beginning the lies r being debunked on a daily basis
& the hysteria from the left is being seen & the people r seeing through it & getting sick of it. If ur going 2 do a true....
& sir this is just the corruption committed by HRC, BHO, & Podesta as it relates 2 Russia the people want 2 c the other known
corruption also pursued but we will start here. The more people I talk 2 that I can prove the bias in the media & the things...
not reported on that I can prove by facts I know on here but more importantly in my everyday life these issues r important...
& need 2 be cleared up & our govt needs 2 start working for we the people not the other way around....we are watching!
Senator. Witnesses! Subpoenas! Staff?! Come on... #shame #coverup
DO YOUR JOB!
Repeating are you actually going to do something credible ?! A. Burr?
Get on the stick, do your job and get this investigation going. Quit stalling!
You guys have made it legal for a WH to spy on political opponents? WOW ... how will you explain that next election? Why are you OK with it?
We are watching closely. Put country first. This has got to be a transparent bipartisan investigation. Your campaign work w/Trump isn't good
While you are at it investigate Obama interfering in Canadian & Israel elections & how to stop US interference in FOREIGN COUNTRY elections
Why is Trump still in the White House?  I know you're GOP, but you know how dangerous it is each day he remains.  Put country first!
FGS Obama spied on Trump Transition so do you think if he found evidence of wrong doing the Liberal Bias media would not be running it 24/7
think Trump collusion is Hoax.never saw where server was inspected by US Intel know Obama can hav every phone & email he made or sent 10yrs
REVIEW the latest Vault 7 Release from Wikileaks. CIA can make it look like "foreign" hacking...Don't ignore it please.
Time for Grand Jury New details on #DeepState @SenMikeLee @SenTedCruz ~ intel Nunes viewed at the White House
"Choose you this day who you will follow."  God and Truth? OR Politics and Half Truths? America desperately needs Godly Leadership
I'm relatively new to NC and I vote. Please just do the right thing!
Please continue this important investigation for all Americans. We deserve the truth.
Thank you R's and D's on the panel for maintaining a modicum of professionalism with the hearing. It is truly appreciated.
Will you be having more #deepstate 
has-beens who try to portray millions of Americans who rose up against Hillary on SM as Russian trolls?
Thank you!  This is so important for protecting our democracy.
hope you aren't there since you have no intelligence
#1 What fake-false stories are you talking about ? If you say RUSSIAN TROLLS spread false stories then you sure as hell better name them
#2 Russian trolls did nothing. The only hundreds of thousands of people who spread anything about #Hillary were #TRUMP supporters.
Benghazi ? A Fake STORY? 
Hillary's foundation donors? A Fake STORY?
Hillary's perverted Husband's sexual deviant behavior? A Fake STORY?
#DNC fixing the election for Hillary? DNC emails getting hacked & exposed by #WIKILEAKS? Was that a FAKE STORY?
Was #Hillary's server just a FAKE STORY? Was her sharing intel with people who had no clearances a FAKE STORY?
#JohnPodesta emails were hacked and exposed by #Wikileaks....FAKE STORY? You need to EXPLAIN SENATOR what FAKE STORIES you are talking about
.@SenatorBurr Sir, thank you for your leadership and participation in critical #SenateIntelligenceCommittee Russian influence investigation!
One or other of the committee's or FBI need to take his statement b4 he is assassinated.  Putin just denied any involvement in elections.
THANK YOU!  Please save our democracy. You know how important your committee work is now.  Your work will be in history books long after  us
Every day there are compromised Russian useful idiots in the White House is another day of direct assault on National Security! #WorkFast
Appreciate your desire to work slow and methodical but remember Intelligence Officers' lives, sources and methods and WORK FASTER!
Were you guys able to figure out what a VPN is? Seems like basic thing to know when you investigate "hacking".
I'm sure you saw this but..
Yesterday: At hearing, a witness diagrams how Trump parrots Russian propaganda on fraudulence of US institutions.
Today: Trump keeps it up. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/847766558520856578 …
Remember...country before party
Time for Grand Jury Intel Community politicized  damage @POTUS New details on intel Nunes viewed at the White House
I never believed Russia hacked us. It was inside job.
Please be fair & investigate other connections to Russia. Evelyn Farkas was a #Hillary campaign advisor while spying on #TRUMP for Obama!
If we have only seen 1% of what wiki/Russia has and they affected the election results, then what are they actually capable of? Terrifying.
Counting on you, Senator, to avoid the partisan behavior of @DevinNunes. Let honesty be your policy, and thank you for it.
Stay focused. Be honest. Use intelligence! 
NC ranked 48 in the nation in education when you were in school. You were not a part of that.
Thank you Senator, for putting party aside and putting our Country first! Great to know there are good people in our Gov! 
Thank you Senator. Country before party. Trump's tax returns must be examined for financial entanglement, our democracy is at stake.
@MarkWarner Thank you for this hearing. No immunity for Flynn. Keep us safe in spite of Trump admin. @RepAdamSchiff @FBI @JoeNBC @jheil
https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=49a_1360284775 …
http://www.freedomwatchusa.org/pdf/170321-Final%20Whistleblower%20Letter.pdf …

It's clear that they didn't announce the Russians issue because it wasn't worth mentioning- and nothing has come up http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-03-29/obama-administration-blocked-comey-revealing-russian-tampering-election …

Look at last page; signatures and dates.  Obama pushed thru this EO right at end.

https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/3283349/Raw-12333-surveillance-sharing-guidelines.pdf …




You're allowing the Dems their WitchHunt when Trump is NOT the one to look at; it's Obama and the others.
This isn't about Russia; this is about Obama and his Admin, Hillary, Evelyn Farkus, CIA, NSA, FBI, Comey. These are the people to indict!
Looks like your democrats side.
from what I saw you looked like a Democrat & Wyden was in the majority party taking control! Russia is a wild goose chase
thank you for being a patriot, putting country over party and conducting a legit investigation
Why does the Russian investigation not include the Clinton's relationships to Russia???
Election was NOT affected by this in Pa. I live here & it was not stop Clinton positive coverage & Trump negative coverage; Warner is wrong.
@rushlimbaugh was targeted by Twitter bots to try to make it seem that thousands of customers were demanding w/drawal of advertisers fr Rush
Sen Warner is wrong. It was not disinfo but actual emails from Podesta & others outed; no one has denied content of emails disclosed in 2016
Why not include the Clinton's Russian activities in your hearing?
You did well today. Please stick with integrity. You can be a hero like Sam Ervin or be a disgrace to your profession. We're counting on you
Must address surveillance, unmasking & leaks of Trump campaign. Are people on the Hill guilty? Is that why you aren't addressing the issue?
Let's see if senate uses "intelligence" committee more wisely than Nunes House committee
Make Sam Irvin proud . Do the right thing.
Thank you so much for your integrity.
Good job by the committee. Thank You. #congress
#BREAKING: U need immediate action on #Russia & #TrumpRussia? Plz ask US military to declare #MartialLaw to try #HighCrimes & #HangTraitors

Senators, @TimOBrien suggests that you ask Jared Kushner about 666 Fifth Avenue https://bv.ms/2nAFoBj  via @BV
The way to find out about trump /russia possible collusion all the facts need to be in play.This would include trumps taxes,he has some(
Thing to hide even a blind person can see that.The American people don't have to see his taxes the commission doing the investigation can(
Be the only ones that have to see his taxes but its important to know who he owes who he does business with.to investigate u need all info
Excellent work today.  You and your committee displayed the type of statesmanship  the American people are   Desperately wanting to see. Thx
Monsieur Burr, merci de laisser France tranquille. Français sont assez grands pour voter sans assistance américaine
The French people have no order to receive from the US Senate. Russia, unlike Washington, still leaves France free
Obama was interfering in Foreign election but the US only cares when Russia does it SAD
Russia does nothing. Being interested in elections does not mean getting involved
Russia is linked by deep affectiv ties (even if diminished today) almost sorority, and historical with France ; nothing more
You lied at the hearing,it's false that Madame LePen is pro Russian.She is trying her best for France,you have interfered w/ongoing election
No arrests so far demonstrates Intelligence Committee not serious about Intel leaks & illegal unmasking of US citizens.
twitter profiles of people thanking you, show them to be rabid leftists...I call on any sane republican to never vote for you again
Warner opened w/Trump bashing. Where was he when Hillary cleared path for Russian uranium deal? He is not being honest, he has an agenda!
maybe Lindsey will join u in your honorable & bi-partisan attempt at uncovering wrongdoing by Trump..ppl like u are despised by real America
fyi on how Moscow manipulates an entire political theater -- https://conflict-backchannels.com/2017/03/11/reflexive-control-process-allahu-akbar-terrorism-new-nationalism-neo-feudalism/ … -- "Reflexive Control" - not part of the public's vocab
you need to put your affiliations aside and work for us! This connect between our president, you and Russia is wrong
Then after DNC young man shot, DNC began to cry Russia but FBI couldn't look at their computers--like before w/Hillary servers-do you trust.
Young DNC insider who hacked or stole data then purportedly gave to Wikileaks. Why was he shot and killed a few weeks after?
When the first data was leaked, the news reported it was a inside young man at DNC disgruntled w/bias against Sanders--then he was murdered.
The last 3 witnesses should have been closed session. The questions, the answers revealed our weaknesses and that was not good.
U keep complimenting Sen Warner & he responds with partisan attacks on POTUS. Stop engaging in wishful thinking; we need leaders, not wimps.
In 1996 Chinese had huge influence on Clinton reelection; many convictions over that but Congress & media downplayed. Obama has dirty hands.
Vice Chair is as partisan as they come; he's focused only on Trump & 2016; context is important; Ted K in 1983 going to Russians agst Reagan
Thank you sir for a very well conducted hearing. I am much more informed. 
Thank you Senator from Blue Springs, MO for holding this hearing today - this was a class act - Glad @RoyBlunt was there - great job Roy
Your government led efforts to build coalitions to impose a reluctant Europe to join sanctions after Ukraine invasion. Prefer war?
The ppl want to know how much trump/campaign knew about Russia hacking.Interview them not mandia and Rid..
Try to stay neutral Sir or you will lose our faith
Warner should ask questions about DNC over you
Seemed like it might be a dig from you.
Thank you for your service to the American Public today @SenatorBurr towards #Truth #GoDeacs
Partisan witch hunt by a RINO
if you voted to sell us citizens browsing history, you have lost my vote and millions of others.
Your NC constituents/all Americans are watching closely. We hope that your February efforts at doing PR for Trump on this was an aberation.
TX! If nothing's done about this  will continue their attacks & our #fossilfuel ind. will continue 2 undermine our elections #Trumprussia
Never Forget 

Richard Burr and Devin Nunes called reporters to stop them reporting about Trump.

 Credibility
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
thanks you for conducting a credible investigation
Thank you!
#SenateIntelligenceCommittee.  unable to find 2p coverage???  no obvious link on url provided
seeing link and hearing now
15 minute warning! :-)
@MarkWarner Americans are indebted to you both and the entire SSCI for taking this on. Presentations are riveting. Thank you and carry on!
Warner obviously has an agenda.  He has no intention of going where this should really go.
Thank you for your service! 
Please ask why they keep floating the fake "Gutted GOP platform" story its creating false narrative.
Doing Great!!! Keep it up, we will be watching
