The interference is that we voted and Trump won. You are a waste of our taxpayer money, useless to our government and The American People.
Russia bought Facebook ads and targeted voters in PA and WI. Russia bought Facebook ads and tried to provoke black folks to protest. #Truth
Everyone that I know that voted for Trump doesn't use FB. Hillary did a great job herself to get the voters not to vote for her.
Every single person I know who voted for Trump - and unfortunately there are many of them, all use FB.  You must have unusual friends.
Voters decided by the candidates merit. 30 yrs in politics and HRC has changed her mind like the wind. @POTUS won cuz we wanted him.
A lot of people don't want to be included in your "we" and aren't included in your "we".
sorry Anne Wormer I'm part of that we &more than uThink pop vote went 2DJT

You said nothing. Why did you bother? Dems have you wasting a year over nothing.
Russia bought Facebook ads and targeted voters in PA and WI. Russia bought Facebook ads and tried to provoke black folks to protest. #Truth
ABC, NBC, CNN, MSNBC AND CBS ran one continuous campaign to get Hillary elected. Which do you think had more influence?
Trump got 2 billion dollars in free media from those same news outlets.
Free, negative publicity.
If Steele won't meet with Congress...there is a sound reason WHY!  The GOP is only concerned with framing the dossier, not the content.
Why did Nunes travel secretly to the UK?  Steele would be justified in speaking to Mueller ONLY.
War and Peace???
okay cool can we actually hold people accountable now? what are we doing to make sure it never happens again?
Make sure WHAT never happens again?  After 12 months of intense digging, NOTHING has been uncovered to show collusion for @potus. Waste!
a foreign power interfering with our election happened. whether potus colluded or not, it should bother any patriotic American.
Oh it bothers us but our Gov’t is JUST as guilty of interfering in international elections...it’s what certain govts do so it will not stop.
If Hillary had won in Nov, there would be NO investigation of Russian interference right now,DESPITE the evidence linking HER campaign.
I definitely disagree with you (she would have met Putin with strength) but I doubt tweeting abt it will change any minds. peace out! 
 Hillary would have given Putin the licenses to our Nuclear Plants as a bonus gift to her earlier gift of 20% of our Uranium production!
All that time and money spent and so far no proof of collusion!  Time to shut it down or if there is proof present it.
SENATOR BURR, THE RUSSIANS HELPED US GET ELECTED AS CONSERVATIVES. WE SHOULD BE THANKING VLADMIR PUTIN, NOT INVESTIGATING HIM.
And?  No public comment?
It's a farce you looking on the wrong side start looking on the left and the uranium deal special prosecutor needed for Hillary
You're the SWAMP! WHY ARE RHINOS SPINELESS. GO AFTER CLINTON FOR THE CRIMES WE KNOW SHE COMMITTED? Afraid you'll be on her dead body list?
PIG!
How many elections has the U.S. interfered with Sir? There was a crooked man, who walked a crooked mile...
And yall aint done shit about uranium 1 and hillary
BvLL$hi+!!! THERE WAS NOTHING THAT AFFECTED MY VOTE!  Look to DNC. Stop the charades!
Save Time And Money' It Started With HILLARY CLINTON'UNSECURED SERVERS AND HACKED EMAIL'S! UNMASKNG WEINERGATE! ALSO
@DWStweets  I.T. MAN !
I Ask You Please @SenatorBurr  Don't Let Statutes of Limitations Run Out!
Finish With HILLARY CLINTON's UNSECURED SERVERS AND HACKED EMAIL'S
He has NO INTENTION to investigate CLINTON. He has appease his special interests. SOROS OWNS HIM along with the rest of swamp.
Because Senator BURR Clearly needs BIG HELP understanding HOW Russia USED BLM to get people to vote for Trump!
How Russia recruited wannabe YouTube stars to convince Black Lives Matter activists to vote for Trump #TrumpRussia https://www.rawstory.com/2017/10/how-russia-recruited-wannabe-youtube-stars-to-convince-black-lives-matter-activists-to-vote-for-trump/ …
Idea that Burr says it's impossible to look at FB ADs and say they were Only helping Trump is obscenely stupid & insulting 2 thinkingAmerica
where is your probable cause to investigate US citizens sir?  Its not there.  Are you trying to find it?  That is not how things work.
Do the people's work, stop wasting time a money on this left wing liberal Democrat witch-hunt. Look at the big picture
When will you end this total waste of time and lead your committee and not be pushed around by that idiot Warner, poor form.
Still no credible response byBurr regarding lies he told American Press that #SteeleDossier author refuses to meet.






Stop wasting taxpayers money on your witch Hunt. You should look at Hillary and her pay for play Russian collusion.
You have nothing else to do except investigate RUSSIA? Why don't you investigate Clinton Foundation that took millions from RUSSIA?
You have lost my vote if you continue this crap.All this so called "investigating"is nothing more than an attempt to get rid of our POTUS.
There seems to be little or no 'Intelligence' in this committee.
Please do not continue to discredit yourself with this investigation. Close it already and MOVE ON.
Why 80 copies of WAP?
@TGowdySC @DevinNunes @SenatorLankford @marcorubio 

WE all know #DebbieWassermanSchultz  is heavily involved in this Awan Case. GUILTY!
@TGowdySC @DevinNunes @SenatorLankford @marcorubio 

Can someone explain WHY #DebbieWassermanSchultz not indicted?
Senator.... I've sent you so many articles with facts.  Our President has no LINKS to Russia, he did nothing wrong.

END this madness now.
@MarkWarner  Senator Burr, quit letting the Dems lead you around by your nose (I'm being nice). WITCH HUNT!
BREAKING FROM CMTE-BURR LIED. RUSSIAN ADS AIMED MAINLY AT GETTING TRUMP THE WIN (not equal as he said in the interview) #RichardBurrIsALiar
Turns out SEN BURR IS A LIAR & 
Pro trump not truth-Russian ads were decidedly pro trump(not equal as he said) #RICHARDBURRISALIAR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqY-hno1wJE&t=25s …
Waste of our $$$ Crooks investigating the innocent! #Awan #comey #rice #SethRich #hrc #wasserman #powers #clapper #lynch ......
Let me just add that Christopher Steele shouldn’t trust congressional investigators or their aides with classified information. He is putting his trust in Mueller.
Are you investigating who put out news articles repeated on CNN about fake cholera & mass graves in Puerto Rico? To make Trump look bad?
Are you investigating who is behind bots like this?
Are you investigating current social media activity?Much fake news against our President to sway voters & interfere in our elections.
Someone has got some explaining to do @SenatorBurr.  Why did you lie to the American public?
BREAKING: Associate of Steele tells #Maddow that Steele said yes to Senate Intel meeting request. 
How about a metric on how many times you soft pedaled the dossier/Obstructed justice, and ran interference for your GOP masters? sodomite!
Did you investigate the collaboration with Russia on the SPACE STATION.

Really guys....GET ON THE BALL HERE.  Not a Troll, A VOTER.
What is it Spock?  No need to be alarmed Captain, unless of course you are emotionally attached to the Russian lie, it's the USS DEPLORABLE.
James QUEASY LEAKS Comey, former Director of the Federal Bureau of "MATTERS" perjured himself in front of you LIVE ON T.V.  Arrested yet?
I assume a full pardon is in order for General Flynn, so that he may TELL HIS STORY TO THE PUBLIC, IN PRIME TIME, WITH THE PRESIDENT?
This group paid people to put on Sanders gear and disrupt Cruz, Trump and other campaign rallies.  Paid for by the DNC/Clinton team.
How about a progress report on the voter fraud, disenfranchisement of millions voters and the paid political terrorists from the DNC?
The AWAN-45 ?  Up to 45 democrats endangered our Troops, Ambassadors, and others by allowing real time information to escape their hands.
We eagerly await the outcome of your intensive investigation into THINGS THAT REALLY JEOPARDIZED NATIONAL SECURITY.
Now that you folks have left the "LAND OF MAKE BELIEVE", fake dossiers, polished memos, illegal surveillance and such, URANIUM ONE ANYONE?
Liars, you are useless.
Really? still confused by the dossier? Apparently Steele did agree to meet with your committee, although you said otherwise.  Tut tut you.
Who's lying? Let me guess.
Interesting...all that time and money...what evidence..you didn't list any findings...could that number be ZERO..
@FoxNews @newtgingrich why not investigate fake news, it hurts American people instead of continuing wasting taxpayer $ on nothing
Lol! You’re pathetic.It’s ironic you are on an intelligence committee. Mindless swamp thing.
You are never getting reelected in NC.  Pack your bags.
Mueller's team traveled to interview ex-spy involved in dossier alleging collusion between Trump campaign and Russia
Russia didn't go into voting booths. The American people did. You have come to the end of the line & you know it. Give up. You aren't going to stop propaganda from entering our social media. Vetting of entries should be responsibility of social sites.
NC needs to be rid of this hack.
How much $ did U accept from Russia? Cause that's the only reason you'd try a cover-up. Or are U simply inclined to put party B4 country.
Why did you lie about Steele being unwilling to meet with you?????
Why hold a presser, spew untruths about Steele not willing to meet w/you? Shameful work, We Demand the Truth! #Maddow #TrumpRussia
It was probably the truth. Steele keeping things close. Mueller doesn't want or need him talking to anyone else.
Good point, but why not state this instead of claiming inability to arrange. I’m not hellbent for political reasons, want the truth.
I hear you. Fair point. I'm giving benefit of the doubt due to sensitivity. But we MUST get the truth eventually. I still have faith we will
Yes. I will accept the decisions of Mr. Mueller. Dislike the political partisanship Mr. Burr demonstrates. Expect more out of Senators
He seems to have gotten better though. A few of them have. Not going to give them much credit though. They could have already impeached.
Yes they are enjoying themselves with a @GOP controlled Washington, disappointing. Party over Country!
So glad there's no more brick wall in your way dill weed
We will use that poster when we repeal & replace you with a real Republican. You should be ashamed of yourself. #TermLimits #TrumpGOP #MAGA
Stop this investigation. R's in charge and the Ds would end this if in charge.Quit playing this game,Warren & U R a joke.
Mr Steele is looking to meet with you. You have failed to set up a mtg time. Get on it!!!
U& WARNER ARE BEVIS & http://BUTTHEAD.TOTAL  IGNORANT DINGBATS.THE FBI HAS FOUND ZERO IN 14 http://MONTHS.YOU  R A MAJOR EMBARRASSMENT
Trying to figure out what your BRICK WALL was.  Maybe it was a STEELE WALL 
Any particular reason why you flat out lied about not hearing from Steele?  Maddow is reporting that he agreed to meet with you & Warner.
Your brick wall comment on the dossier is total bullshit. Christopher Steele is willing to meet with you, but you don‘t need me to tell you this.
C.Steele agrees to talk to you:WHY ARE YOU LYING? WHO DO YOU COVER?
Geez how much money did you waste on that graphic? Do us a favor and resign coward.
Collusion is not a crime so what are you investigating about our president.
The “Trump Dossier” is fake, & EVERYONE (who’s not a koolAid-drinking #FakeNews zombie) ...KNOWS IT. Quit wasting time & money.
What update, you haven't found anything in 9 months. What is wrong with you people have you no common sense? Shut your operation down!
The only thing U didn't put on your board is that U R closing the investigation. Quit wasting tax payer $$. The POTUS supported U for this?
STOP WITH THE PARTISAN POLITICS. THINK OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE FOR ONCE IN YOUR LIFE!! You will be out of a job. “Believe me”. Sad!
Where is the punishment for Sessions? Kushner? Ivanka? Flynn? Pence? Trump? They’ve all lied about Russia! Where are the penalties? IMPEACH.
You want to attack the press but let everyone else slide when the press is protected by the 1st Amendment. We already know of lies -
So, are you going to hold the Pres, VP, Jared, Ivanka, Manafort, Flynn, Sessions for ALL of their lies & false info on Russia? When???
@POTUS Wants to Censor the Media - The Atlantic https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/10/trump-wants-to-censor-the-press/542142/ … #TrumpRussia
Keep it up. The public has a right to know. People saying otherwise in the comments are Cheetolini cultists and/or bots. #RussiaGate
Then CLOSE it! You are on a fishing expedition to keep it open. You're Mark Warner's lap dog. Good thing you are not running in 2018. #DTS
What a waste of time and money by a couple of biased Senators. Shameful
It's amazing how you can dewindle away hard working taxpayer money on such a frivoloius investigation that is going nowhere.
SHUT THIS BS probe down! 
Stop waisting OUR money!
I hope Mueller is sued & everyone else who is cont. this 
FARCE!
So when will the american taxpayers get personal refunds from you and all of congress that push this unethically investigation.
Not once, but twice this woman failed. To be fair Obama helped her fail, I think this election was as much about distaste with him as her.
You have had all this time - have nothing to show collusion and want to continue to spend taxpayer money on a witch hunt. How STUPID
How much money wasted? How much time wasted that you all could have been doing your real job of helping run the country? 1/2
If you all put even a fraction of this time into the HRC or ovama cartels, but you refuse to investigate yourselves or work for America. 2/2
Because fb is THEE place to go for news. 
you spend millions on this the people are the voters are tired of it.They see this as being made because of your hatred towards president
I voted for President Trump and I will do it again!
there has been no evidence or proof on Russia interfering.Only media and Obama and Lynch and Bill interfered.
Great..you spent a lot of time, perusing a lot of literature, questioning a lot of folks and..maestro dtumroll please..the answer is????????
Plz don't forget #Skolkovo, 1/5th America's Uranium prod capacity...Russia, Kerry's 'ask the Russians' re IranDeal..
'Perhaps..only person who guessed the truth - besides C.Eastwood - was VladimirPutin'
https://pjmedia.com/richardfernandez/2016/05/06/the-men-who-would-be-king/ ……

Kerry: 'RUSSIA backs up U.S. fact sheet on NUKE DEAL'

Don't believe Obama? Just ask the Russians!

…
You are compliant in the fishing expedition in regards to Russia. Disgraceful. Stop wasting our taxpayers money, turncoat. Switch parties
I am more worried about Illegals voting than the Russians.
3/ Help anyone BUT Trump.  Here's a piece that helps break it down for you!
A fascinating look at the actual posts Russia used to boost Trump  https://thinkprogress.org/trump-russia-facebook-accounts-propelled-trumps-campaign-f8916bd8c55a/ …
2/ It is extremely frightening that some1 who's chairing this investig cannot see overall strategy.  Black Lives M RU ads were NOT used 2-
1/ Mr Burr, you seem incapable of connecting that ALL Russian Propaganda WAS geared only for supporting Trump& depressing Clintons chances
Your "threat" to news outlets about "factual" reporting on the Russia investigation was sad.   Please hold Mr. Trump to that same standard.
Known about DT collusion/aiding & abetting
 Crimes committed
 Probable cause
 Motive
 Means
 Secret mtgs
 Lies
 Lack of credibility
 Obstruction of justice
All it took was 1 mtg, 1 agreement to complete this negotiation. It would be near impossible to prove otherwise.
STOP the ABUSIVE investigation by Mueller! There is NO COLLUSION but u say it will carry on! WHY? This was all planned 2 take down Pres! 
Stop waisting your time & our tax money How about working on legislation to HELP the American ppl instead?
Who had time to come up with this infographic?
I hope the 100k pages of documents read weren't just the total pages from 80 copies of war and peace lol.
It's amateur hour, Burr is Warner's little lackey boy. How much has this Coup attempt costing us? It's not about @POTUS this is a movement.
You have no evidence.  You know you have no evidence. Time to stop this circus.
Thank you, more please. Our nation is in crisis. Your investigation is critical. He must be impeached.
Thank you. With the amount of data that has been collected I would be very interested in learning the methods used to validate and triangulate.  Look forward to next briefing
And zero results/evidence. Waste of time and money.
So our Congress play private investigator instead of working on the needs of Americans, ie tax reform, health care. I don't get it.
You are the lead hunter in this witch hunt. How does it feel to be the face of the resistance
We support U but Why isn't H. R. Clinton facing charges for pay for play,  negligence with classified info & destroying  evidence?
How much did you pay for this garbage with our tax dollars?  How about the time wasted?  When you run again, sending your opponent a check!
And you still have nothing except wasting my taxes based on Democratic fake agenda
Wow, what an impressive waste of tax payer money! If you still have nothing then its time to grow up and quit playing games.
All of this is well & good, Senator, but when will this lead to indictments, arrests, & convictions? 
#makerussiagreatagain #sad
Cannot rush law.
Publish the interviews and documents. Let’s see your efforts.
Funny how you can be all about social media - how about @POTUS and his treason?
Burr and Warner need to be primared!
Clinton n Obama r your problems
What a waste of American Tax Dollars!
You are a hack! NC NEEDS TO GET RID OF YOU! #DeepState  AND YOU ARE PART OF IT!! YOU LOOK AT WARNER LIKE YOU HAVE A CRUSH!!!!  #MAGA
STOP!  STOP...this madness NOW!  We the PEOPLE have had it with you that hate our PRESIDENT!!  You have lost ALL credibility!!
I hope you loose
When do you plan on interviewing Julian Assange?
I will contribute bigly to your challenger’s campaign next time you run for re-election if you whitewash GOP’s willful ignorance in this.
you are very good at walking the fine line.   I would love to have a town hall so we can discuss this and other pressing issues
how is this an update? it's a picture with a bunch of meaningless numbers on it.
So what’s the update? Numbers on paper. God man, wake up. People aren’t stupid. We want truthful facts and an update of information not bs
My son's History Fair project looked better than this.  Thanks for the tax dollars wasted moron!!!!!!
PLEASE stop wasting taxpayer $$ on this and challenge @TheJusticeDept to investigate all the real crooks of the Obama administration.
Would you please go away and find something useful to do for the country RINO
Are you done wasting taxpayers money yet. You know this is fake news ,but you people gotta kiss the dumassacrats asses ,sad
My concerns include: so disrespectful to our president when dems actual crimes go uninvestigated and abuse of taxpayers  $. Enough!

Senate intelligence briefing. Briefing essentially confirmed there was Russian collusion by avoiding all talk of it.
How juvenile. If this all you can come up with, your heart really isn't in this thing.
It's No wonder this country is in the shape it's in. Smh
Resign your position is the very least you can do for the citizens of NC. #VoteBumOut @SenatorBurr
Democratic bolshevik shill time to vote this RINO bum out of office! #TakeAmericaBack #MAGA #ProsecuteHillary #DNCCrimes
You're a liar
And what crime has been found ?
ВК и ОДНОКЛАССНИКИ !!! LOL
You call yourself a Repub when you try to find anything to discredit POTUS when pushed by Dems to do their bidding? Just switch parties now!
Y'all enjoying that #nothingburger?
I wonder how much $$ all this has cost the American people?
When Is Donnie sending your check? #fakePatriot
They actually had that picture in the senate hearing. lol
Friendly reminder.........the last guys on the #Pizzagate train looked the craziest. Might want to wrap this up at some point.
Lunatics
Are you on the payroll of Soros, too?? What a joke!! Stop wasting our time and money!! Grow up, accept the election results or retire!!
Ridiculous. Nothing but wasted taxpayer money. Still waiting on investigation on Hillary, Obama, and Comey and Lynch
Where are the actual charges?  It looks like a huge waste of money.
Now I know why all Americans pay too much Federal taxes - because we have elected Jackasses like you to waste our hard earned dollars. MAGA!
So Richard, how much time will you guys spend searching for the unfindable? # Taxpayer money!
I voted for you and Trump. Russian didn't force me to. This Russia crap is just that. McCain and Comey Russian Dossier. Should be answered!
and still we have the same president and his cronies!
Thank GOD we have the same President!  He is Making America Great Again!!
