I have no doubt about your commitment to covering up Trump's treason with Russia.
I have doubts about YOUR commitment to your constituents. Town Hall please! #whereareyou We want to TALK TO YOU! #Missingperson
Sessions needs to resign. We can't have a lying AG.
that makes one of us.
Dr. Carson is interested in serving himself, much like you seem to be. Your commitment should be to the people of NC.
I don't doubt Dr. Carson's commitment.  It is the fact that he is an ignorant bozo that is troublesome.
I have no doubt he is unqualified because he told us he was.  But hay those are poor people they didn't give you money, f them.
are you joking? When do we get to see you in NC?
I have no doubt you are not doing your job!

Bi-partisan investigation into Trump/Russia!

Save ACA!
your constituents question your integrity and ability to put America above your party. i welcome your condemnation of Sessions.
Is it on par as your commitment to the Russian investigation?  If so then housing crisis in 3-2-1...
Dr Carson's expertise is medicine/healthNOT housing/urban issues!  Just Bcause he lived in house/inner city does NOT= expertise
ummm, you have citizen/constituents in NC waiting to talk to you. When is the #TownHall...let's chat.
Please.  I looked at the use of your travel budget and you can certainly fit us in.
We would like to see a commitment to serve the nation, not the GOP, from you. #resist
you also had no doubts that someone who plagiarized their responses to congress could head the dept. of Ed, so... yeah... 
What past experience does Carson have in this field?
We'er cooked...No doubt.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @fox We do have doubts on yours! #DOYOURJOB #LOCKHIMUP
WH lied and Burr complied!!
they all lie. GOP AND DEM alike.  They dont care about any of us.
100% correct. They care about $$$.
Sir, @SenatorBurr should we doubt your ability to investigate Russian interference/collusion with presidential election?
Obviously we should, since he hasn't done a damn thing about it. The elephant is sitting on his lap!
He has no background in this area and has proven to be an Idiot when he ran for President.
It would help if you bucked the party line at least once.  Tillerson, Sessions, Mnuchin, Ross.  These men horrible.
Commitment is exactly what should happen to that dimwit Carson. With any luck they'll give him crayons and ignore him.
No bout adout it....
Ben Carson, a disservice to our nation.
when is your town hall meeting?
How do you feel about Carson referring to slaves as immigrants?  Still happy about your vote for him?
And that makes you about as smart as he is. There are surgeons who are not so bright & he's one of them. Horrible for HUD.
that's amazing because I have no doubts you can do anything without it lining your pockets.
You ought to, Carson doesn't know what time of day it is...But you're so in love with #45 you don't care.
i can't think of a nice way to say this but he is stupid and unqualified.  he can't even find his luggage.   you should doubt.
Well gee, it's wonderful he's committed! Just how do you think someone so unqualified & scattered is competent?
where are you hiding senator? Your constituents would like to meet with you!
really? The ACA is the worst thing since slavery? You're happy with someone who would make such a ridiculous statement?
it's not his committment, it's his ability to run HUD that i question
go back to Russia #burrisatraitor
what about his skill set?
Just like Trump instructed you to say again. He pulls your string and you jump. #DoYourJob #TheResistance
I have huge doubts about your ability to serve your constituents!
Well, THAT'S a comforting notion. So, when are gonna take a trip to Russia and meet Putin? Why not? Sessions has the hook up.
Do you doubt any of the cabinet nominees? Your rubber stamp must be getting worn out. #cabinet #carson
But us NC constituents have doubts about *your* commitment to serving it. #missingsenators
Commitment is one thing, capability and competence is an entirely different thing. Committment does not ensure success.
I have no doubt he'll eliminate all regulations just like pres .Bannon/DJT intend along with EPA, Education, etc.  Shame on U
On a platter?  Into a straight jacket?  Be specific.
Speaking of doubt, as constituent who believes perjury is a crime, I have A LOT of doubts about your being on intel committee.
Carson is unqualified, and you have no integrity.
we're having doubts about your ability to do your duty as the head of the Senate intelligence committee.
But North Carolinians have doubts about your commitments
I have no doubt that you are only thinking of yourself and not the state you represent. SCREW YOU
I don't either! Just not in the capacity in which he is about to serve!!
I certainly have doubts about ur ability to put nation over party. Ur a Trump lackey w/o integrity. Embarrassed ur my senator.
but I doubt that you can lead the Senate Intelligence committee if you are not willing to investigate members of your party
this man is a medical doctor, what does he know about running a govt agency?
funny you should use the word “commitment” because he certainly isn’t qualified
Do you doubt AG Sessions' ability to run the Dept of Justice after committing perjury?
Reply to @SenatorBurr Your constituents have doubts about his ability to manage a large organization.  And his understanding of the issues.
