Senator Burr, Donald Trump just yesterday said he hasn't talked to Russians in ten years.
This article about his deep knowledge of Russian Oligarchs?  2013
in the truth it will prevail and when it does and all the russia putin facts come out ?  you and the GOP go down.
You can hide from Press & voters but you put your eggs in the basket of a Godless leader & you can't hide from God
Heard by whom? Not by Burr, who disconnects phones and runs, runs runs like a titty baby from his own people.
really? Investigate trump Russia and stop covering up. Do your job or get out #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxes
Pretty obvious you're listening to the Administration rather than your constituents
how many times do I need to ask for a reply at your DC office before you get someone to reply to my concerns. 27517
where is your statement denouncing repeated threats to the Jewish center in Charlotte? Oh, forgot, you don't care
that was not a good look for NC .. we are watching you.
Senator, your generic form letters do not constitute responsiveness. They are insulting!
well this is just a flat out lie. How many calls asking for you to vote against a Betsy DeVos did you get?
How many calls do you receive daily?  How many are pro-Trump?  Any concern about Russia?
Independent investigation! Not feeling much trust in Burr after his bullseye remark & press talk!
Ur listening?Usually call but canthat u R besieged by Lib sore losers so please rememberNC VOTED TRUMP#Backbone
if you would like to know facts about people you are confirming check out @maddow and if you think its fake its not.
Burr is guilty of #TrumpRussia Treason. He must resign for trying to cover-up @realDonaldTrump's Crimes
Speaking of "22 years," how's your work on that "Contract With America" term limits amendment coming along?
Such a lie, total Bullshit!
Thanks for blowing smoke up our...B responsible work 4 NC constituents not WH? Insist on independent investigation!
looking at the smirk on your face when the press was trying to ask questions wont last long...you see I believe
ok so listen to the people when they want an independent investigation into #Rosneft/#Exxon and the election hack
You need to be a leader and not a follower on the Russian Trump connection.
Did you work with the WH to tamp down press reports while supposedly investigating the Russia connection?
depending on you to stay true to the truth and not play to the resisters.
we resist in your best interests too.
No they are not!!! WE need an independent commission on Russia and Trump NOW.  Also need his tax returns!
how much money did DeVos give u to thumb your nose at your constants
