king's staffer needs to be removed; facial grimaces, smirks, eye-rolling, etc. totally out of line
You being complicit is our biggest threat.
Trump is trying 2destroy America He's a traitor that puts enriching himself n his family above all else Get rid of him Now
Why will you not sign off to investigate 45? Your NC voters wants to know!
Please call for an independent investigation & a special prosecutor! America needs to get to the bottom of Trump's connections with Russia!
He can't! Burr has Russian crap all over his hands! He involved
Is the president listed?
So...funny you mention threats....#ImpeachTrump
.NASA manages U.S. geoengineering which is decimating our ozone layer–decimating LIFE ON OUR PLANET–as reported by numerous scientists in NASA Technical Reports Server. H.A.A.R.P. frequencies slice & dice the clouds of poison & ALL LIFE, OMNICIDING US!  DOOO SOMETHING NOOWWW!!!!
Please begin with the homegrown threats - our president's loose lips and love of dictators
Still dont see the need for an independent investigator. History is gonna make you look bad in the future.
You seriously told the #NYT the the onus is on the media to produce #ComeyMemo ?!? You need to ask for or subpoena #FBI. It's YOUR job!
@SenatorBurr a full-fledged member of #TeamTreason #trumprussia, CHOOSING PARTY OVER COUNTRY & making LAME EXCUSES for an UNFIT @POTUS.
You are supporting the biggest threat to them all.  Impeach trump and you should also resign.
Get to the bottom of leaks, obama admin spying and Susan rice lying! Russia hoax story is getting so ridiculous!
When the Russian press is invited into the Oval Office but Americans excluded it's not a hoax
 you guys love to make a big deal out of nothing. That's really sad. Show the proof! Oh that's right there is none
PLEASE make GOP see 38% approval rating is NOT the Repub voters majority! The fools that think all news isFAKE is all u HAVE&won't win seats
Trump is a worldwide threat...i see your more loyal to repugnikians than The USA
Let's investigate your Russian collusion
and @ThomTillis   Its time to defend the integrity of our nation.  Please request a #SpecialProsecutor
Sen burr thank you for demonstrating repeatedly that you stand with Russia. Today once again, you refused to protect our democracy.
Why do you obstruct?
Senator Samuel James "Sam" Ervin, Jr. put America above Party & Nixon. Sam" Ervin saved American democracy! Sen Burr, NOW is your time!
Mr Burr, history has not knocked on your door. Please rise up to its call like Sam Ervin did some decades ago. Put America First! Not GOP!
You should never utter the word intelligence. Ever.
Please live up to convictions: Country, God, Party. Do what is right and follow where this leads no matter what! You stand in the breach!
Sen. Burr please don't let Cornyn get appointed. It will only PROLONG THIS, he isn't acceptable. He is already QUOTED as being on trump side
#IndependentInvestigation
Since Donald J. TrumPutin just PUBLICALLY threatened blackmail against a Gov Official investigating him, FBI's Comey needs FULL IMMUNITY. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/863007411132649473 …
Will you subpoena Comey? It is imperative that we get to the bottom of this. We need an #IndependentInvestigation with a #SpecialProsecutor
Judiciary Comm had Impeachment Inquiry staff for Nixon,Intel Comm should appoint full time staff: lead special counsel + associate counsel
@MarkWarner @RepCummings @RepAdamSchiff @SenFeinstein
How about focusing on the national threat that is GOP complicity with Trump's obstruction of justice. History has its eyes on you.
special investigation now. did you read Trump's twitters this morning.  it is getting worse.  do something.  he is destroying our democracy.
POTUS just threatened FBI director and the free press this morning? When will GOP take action and put country first??
Seriously who in their right mind leaves @SenTomCotton in charge of Senate Intel for even a second? Should not even be in charge of snacks.
Thank you for conducting a bi-partisan investigation. Whatever the outcome you are a true patriot and should be applauded for putting 1/2
country over party. Whether Trumps campaign is innocent or guiltily you honored your most sacred position and Americans thank you for that
*guilty
We the people demand independent council to investigate Russia-Trump ties!!
One of the greatest threats we face is Putin&his aims. Due to #ComeyFiring &chance of further @POTUS meddling, we need a #SpecialProsecutor
Employees fired by Trump:
Sally Yates
Preet Bharara
James Comey

Employees investigating Trump:
Sally Yates
Preet Bharara
James Comey
How much money did Mark Warner-D make from Russian Tech Co?
The biggest threat is POTUS.  Did you catch the Russians preening in the oval office?  Did u enjoy???  DO YOUR JOB!!!
The U.S. people deserve a bulldog of a special prosecutor. Appoint the most anti-Trump person you can find, or it will look like conspiracy.
Only if an anti-Trump special prosecutor says there is no evidence will the scandal go away. Think Jed Bartlett MS scandal on Westwing.
Worldwide? What about threats of Russia in our WH? Behind closed doors w/out U.S. press but w/russian press. WTF was that? Treason!
Didn't you threaten to shoot Sec. Clinton?
Most Dems today did an excellent job of conveying concern but were rational. Except Warner. He took low shots & u let it go unchallenged.
with all so respect senator the biggest threat this world faces right now is sitting in the oval office destroying our cntry!
and unless you and your fellow republicans step up and put a stop to it we will all pay for it!!! #notmyamerica
The greatest threat to America is the psycho criminal in the White House.
You just lost my NCvote. You did Nothing when Obama interfered in the elections of Egypt, Israel, killed Gaddafi & tried to influence Brexit
Stop wasting my tax dollars.
McCabe's wife accepted money laundering from Hillary! Mccabe has been covering up Hillary! Fire him! All cabal puppets!
Better still, Google the word "Feckless". Let's have an independent investigation. Do the right thing for once
Google "Uphill Battle", Mr Burr. Because that's what you're gonna have trying to get me to believe a word you have to say.
We are watching. Stop Trump's attempts at a dictatorship, for the good of the nation.
Sir, please lend your support to an independent investigation/Special Prosecutor of #TrumpRussia.
Bollox.
You are a disgrace to the GOP. I should have voted for your Dem opponent-I would have gotten the same thing. Pls defend our @POTUS .
It's critical that you publicly state that an independent investigation would not interfere with your investigation!

You're only helping Trump destroy our country. You're complicit and a danger to our nation. #BurrIsADisgrace #LockEmAllUp
and I'm sure you are "concerned" about this too.  Time to not just be concerned, but call for an independent investigation of Trump/Russia
Please ask Mr. McCabe if he told Preibus the NYT story was Bullshit? He CAN answer that.
Trump had the Deputy AG running Russia investigation recommend firing Comey to shut down the investigation.  Need a special prosecutor, now.
@SenatorBurr , We SEE what you are doing in emphasizing "lots of other things to talk about" while Americans fear Russian COUP. We SEE you.
The world wide threat was in the Oval office yesterday
The extremely PARTISAN remarks by @MarkWarner are very troubling!  Political Grandstanding! Please CONTROL ur committee!
The more open and honest you are, and the fewer secrets you have, the less you need to worry about "security threats."
HOKEY
McCabe is tied in with the Clintons!! His wife took MONEY from McAuliffe and the Clintons; $700k.  He cannot be trusted... no credibility!!
No Wonder Warner likes you so much..... YOU ALLOW this Circus ACT!!!  Shame on you... who's side are you on???
Oh yea... .we all know how the @nytimes  operates @MarkWarner  HOW Dare you hold up that FAKE NEWS Rag Tag and LYING about Trump!
Our immediate threat is in the WH. Take care of that 1st!
So Warner is going off on Trump now about Comey!  We are so sick of the DEMS playing this game! Where are GOP to defend? This is BS!!
This orange guy here is our #1 threat
Oh... and... "Vladimir Putin ate my homework."
The ONLY threat... CONgress... #DeepState... #GeorgeSoros... #CrookedHillary... NOT #PresidentTrump
Y R U questioning the firing of Comey?! He was a crook along with Hilliary. I voted for u...Next time I will not!
your changing the subject on trumps abuse of power and collusion with russia
Another waste of taxpayer dollars
