Pres Obama should have fired Dir Comey after the statements he made during the Hillary "investigation."  TX to Pres.Trump for his courage.
Courage??? Really?? He's afraid of going to the UK cause he'll get booed.. what a baby!!!
Send Ricahard Burr a message We the people want to know #Mueller has clinton big donors on his team if so WHY THAT WILL NOT BE FAIR
Please televise the hearing! It's a civics lesson for students of gov't! Thank you!
I still don't understand why Crowdstrike, paid by DNC and shown to be wrong in Ukraine analysis, is the FBI's basis for claiming Russia hack
We the people want to know #Mueller has clinton big donors on his team if so WHY THAT WILL NOT BE FAIR
This is a NOTHING BURGER waste of time!!  What about my EXPENSIVE healthcare costs??
I hope you dont rely on trump!
Warner (elected by McAuliffe's illegal vote tally) making statements he can't support. Any evidence RUSSIA hacked/leaked info? @BillHemmer
Tons of evidence you choose to ignore.
Sessions' MUST be in public!!!
#CountryFirst #FollowTheFacts #NoSpin #NoExcuses
you really should be ashamed of how you react to women
PREPARED remarks? Very unpresidential!
Comey leaks memos anonymously, but testified previously he was not source of anonymous leaks. #crooked
I thought you were very fair and even-handed today. The country was well served. Thank you.
Time to put country before party even if you did take dirty Russian money. @GOP #ComeyHearing #ComeyDay #Trumprussia
Where is the Pay to Play Clinton foundation state dept hearing??!!
This is about Russia and meddling in elections. You had your Benghazi!!!
Just remember Trump is a Liar. God is watching u and the world 
Be honest. Trump the worst president ever. Just remember
How dare you blaspheme. President Obama is the worst President.
Burr occasionally pretends to put country before party. It's a scam of course, which must be why R's can identify with/ obfuscate for 45.
Probably if we uppity females would just stay in our place those "distinguished gentlemen" wouldn't have to return us to it so forcefully.
Out loud amongst decent men! Which everyone knows is a total boner kill! How can we produce compliant children with these ideas of autonomy?
House Intel Cmte has sent letter to WH asking for tapes.  Is the Senate cmte going to also request the tapes?
Thank you for an even-handed hearing. I can't imagine issues more critical to the future of our country.
Pipe down there, Sir.
Why didn't any of you discuss the government owned memo that Comey leaked to the NYT
Why are you allowing Warner to coach Comey with making him ashamed of being fired & switching what he actually said to benefit Dems side
another Trump b kisser. He could blow half of our country and you'd blame hillarys emails
So... you know this is about trump, not Hillary right? I know the (r) after your name makes it hard, but stop with the  irrelevant BS please
Richard Burr continues to protect the interest of Putin and the Russian state.
Very troubling. Burr says he sees no Trump "wrongdoing" in Comey statement. 
https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/06/comey-statement-trump-defenders-absurd-spin/ … 
@DavidCornDC
That's funny
If Russia if socialists
Then don't that mean in America they be liberals?
Just saying
Well done!  The emails! The dying gasp of a dying GOP. Pathetic.
Let's just hope you are actually searching for the truth instead of "seeing your way to let this go"
Today's hearing - pls require all testimony use more detail terms for Russia-Russians in Russia, Russians in America, Russian American, etc
Part of the mission should be to clarify the definition of "Russian" in testimony.   For example does "Russian" mean Crowdstrike employees?
Interesting your concern about Flynn, but OK that our Uranium sold to Russians. Your sounding like a real RINO! @realDonaldTrump
.@SenatorBurr, America is watching the #ComeyHearing. Defend our democracy—not Trump!
@SenatorBurr this is a time for patriotism, not political stunts. Seek the truth during #ComeyHearing!
You sir are an embarrassment to the office you hold!
Great job! You were respectful to Comey, & that says so much to me about the Republican Party.  I'm on the right team.
Shouldn't you expect them to be respectful??? Always???
You are investigating the Trump admin's involvement with Russia, not Clinton's emails. Focus. Sorry your guy is corrupt AF.
you may be chairman, but always seems like Dems run the show
once again Dems smear @Potus and Republicans say nothing

Comey must answer where his memos are from when Bill Clinton met Loretta Lynch
So WEAK. Listen to Warner, he indicted already. What the heck is wrong with you Repubs? Letting the Dems run all over you & our democracy.

What a clown show

Burr: This is too important for anyone to use it to score political points. Now I'll turn it over to Mark Warner to score political points.
All over Twitter yesterday most folks thought you just handed over who was running the show to Warner.  Can you please do a better job today
We hope you remember that because you are an American you are able to be in the position you currently hold. Put America First not the GOP!!
NOT about emails! We are watching you all today. I hope a repeat of the disrespect you showed Senator Harris is not repeated!
You  just said keep the politics out of this and now your Dem counterpart is going off script and slamming the President. That is "politics"
Just remember Comey is a FBI. Comey is a very 
Intelligent to write notes of everything Trump was doing.TRUMP is a liar Disgusting
If this is nonpartisan & looking only for truth, why does this exist from the @GOP? Which will you use? #ComeyDay
Here are the RNC talking points to Trump allies on Comey's testimony tomorrow 
You had to bring up the emails!  This hearing is about #trumprussia ties!! We need an independent investigation!!
Please STOP using the term Lock Step! It's a NAZI term and we are NOT NAZIs! We DO NOT March in Lock Step and should be referred to that!
Your constituents are watching you, Senator Burr.
