Not a Roast, just pure HATE!!!!
They have no class!
Speaking of class...
And this

President Trump wins again. This just proves he was right once again for not attending that event! #FOXNEWS #CNN #ABC #CBS
1st loser pres to not attend in over 30 years. Too THIN SKINNED. Can't bear to gear the truth or celebrate 1st Amendment.
And Reagan only missed it bc he was recuperating from an ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT!

trump is such a weak man.
I’m sure it will be funnier when Mike Huckabee hosts, he can tell amusing jokes about his son the dog killer. #blessed
I feel like too many people forget this happened.
 I didn't think she was funny but this outrage about appropriate things to say from the crowd who has defended everything from +-ssy grabbing to sh!thole countries is a new level of hypocrisy
Exactly. When you lie with dogs you get flees. Sara Sanders defends and lies for a president who insults people every day.
Btw, u see it as insults by our president. The left never insults our president? Celebrity elites never insults our president?  Senators Maxine Walters, Fredrica Wilson, Pelosi, Schumer, Booker never insult our president? GIVE ME A BREAK hypocrit! It's called defending himself!
Don't put words in my mouth. Read my reply again, and then if you wish respond. If you're just looking to pick a fight, find someone else because I'm not interested. Now go have a nice Sunday.
Oh come on! It was just locker room talk!
snowflakes
I'm sure that was @PressSec on the way home.
Hardly, too much class, and she knows we love her! 
Class? Slanders wouldn't know class if it slapped her eye's straight.
Oh did I strike a nerve?
Looks like you, Louise.  
Hey if you peel the foil off of that gold Trump coin is there chocolate inside?
when have any one of you called trump out on the HORRIBLE things he says every single day?  you folks are just ridiculous.
He is called out all the time don’t you watch CNN
I’m pretty sure he’s talking about the GOP silly. the irony is staggering.
Oh so now we ARE being PC again?  MAGA is so confusing.
One thing we know about Republicans...they can dish it out but they can't take it in. #humorless
Sarah took it just fine, Lady has class and Character!  
I beg to differ. She looked like a balloon ready to explode.
Why don't you pick away at her policy issues instead of looks...your ignorant is showing
It’s not her looks, it’s her facial expression. She looked very uncomfortable
I'm sure i would be to..
There is a difference between funny and hateful mean rhetoric.
Tell that to trump & his isle of misfits
These people are impervious to hypocrisy. It’s amazing
Both sides are impervious... Wake up sheeple
Unfortunately, the comedic art of good natured ribbing (roasting) has become a mean spirited forum to take cheap shots and hurl vile insults at political opponents, just as on SNL. No cleaver writing skills req'd. Just classless taste and hate.
There was a lot of truth in the jokes.

Awww, you’re mad... you hand out BS everyday with lies and deceit. The locker room speeches last night were too much? The truth hurts...
Who is the snowflake now???..... #hypocrites what about free speech? Stop pushing this narrative. #moveon
What?? @FoxNews who lies daily to their kool aid drinkers..offended?? Wait..SHS stands before tv crews, spews the lies of 45, insults reporters, shows complete disregard for even pretending to be human..and wait..the truth hurts..
Now you know how I feel every time I hear Trump speak and all the lies and insults come tumbling out of his mouthhole. #WHCD
Yes it really has gotten out of hand...

But trump being on stage, lying, mocking citizens, attacking our free press etc, is totally fine? That’s telling a lot about Trumpsters ethics.
It was just locker room talk....quit being such snowflakes.
If the people on Fox News are Pissed about the WH Correspondence Dinner then I know it was a GREAT DINNER.
Typical white privelege comments Dennis - you aren’t fooling anyone!
They did not complain about Alex Jones wanting a Civil War against Liberals, or Ted Nugent wanting all Democrats shot on site, but they R outraged about Wolfe calling Sarah a LIAR, which she is.

How about Trump mocking a disabled person?

Spare me your bullshit.
Nope. THIS is horrible 
#WHCD host Michelle Wolf: “Trump’s so broke. How broke is he? He had to borrow money from the Russians and now he’s compromised and susceptible to blackmail and possibly responsible for the collapse of the republic!”  #Truth

Oh, really? You should have been around when someone called Mexicans rapists or the free press the enemy of the people.
That was really something.
Out of hand.
 Poignantly, like the @realDonaldTrump administration.  
No sympathy for WH sycophants
Hey
I didnt mean 
2 cause a big scene 
Just give me an hour & then 
Well
Ill be as high 
As that ivory tower 
That youre livin in

Follow @RealErinCruz 
#ErinCruzUSSenateCA 
http://VoteErinCruz.com 
Nope. THIS is horrible 
You can’t pretend to be offended by a comedian’s offensive comments and give the President of the United States of America a pass when he does the same. And he’s not joking when he does it.
Oh lord, the republican snowflakes are upset again
It was just locker room talk
That was a roast where things like that are said; not a press briefing or campaign speech where your crowd thinks it’s appropriate
Great photo & header. LOL

was it more or less difficult to watch than para-olympians?

asking for a friend
Can’t take a joke? All other Presidents stood up and took it. And in must cases made fun of theirselves. Not Cheeto Head.  Pussy.
There is something to be said about laughing at yourself. 
Obviously, you have to lack a sense of humor to work for DT.

Nope THIS is horrible 
Nope. THIS is horrible 
Why aren't you guys focusing on the most important line of Michelle Wolf's set: 

FLINT STILL DOESN'T HAVE CLEAN WATER

??? #WHCD #SundayMorning
Calm down @FoxNews, it's just "locker room talk."
Because of Trump, the right can't claim to be the moral authority on anything, or anyone at anytime.
Awwwww. Did the #lilywhite #delicate #snowflakes get their feelings hurt?
Hey, Trumpites - this is exactly how I feel about your feelings regarding what was said by Michelle Wolf at the #WHCD last night:
Remember when Trump told the second amendment people to take care of Hillary Clinton and afterward we were all told to lighten up because it was just a joke?

Apply that the the White House Correspondence Dinner where there they really were just jokes.
JFC what a bunch of babies! They love Trumps constant daily insults, but can’t take a joke....from a comedian
Amazing how snowflakish everyone is.. It was just locker room talk. Wish people were half as upset when trump talked about about sexually abusing women by grabbing them by their genitalia.
Did you watch the presidents speech and hear all the lies? You can’t pick and choose. If it’s good for him..it’s good for her too. He really stretches the truth..suck it up Snowflakes!
Get real man, know the real thing happening in the country. Don't tell me you're still backing up Obama! Do nothing pres.

Classy
She did say kindly..
Enough, cancel the correspondence 
dinner. Show support for Sara do not let this story die.
I support Sara Huckabee Sanders.
You know what kills me about dems and repubs? Always having to follow party no matter what. Sanders is an absolute disgrace and it's ok to admit that and still be a Republican.......it really is ok.
 Fox News has SO MUCH concern w/ Michelle Wolf’s “lack of decency” in a one night comedic routine.   #WHCD 

But persistently indecent Trump? They’re totally cool with it  
#ridiculous #hypocrites #FauxNews
The whole Trump thing has gotten out of hand.

Yeah, the name calling and lying was outrageous. Wait...that was Trump.
#TrumpIsSoBroke he had to become president as he owes the Russian mob so much money they are "leaning on him". Now, with 3 fires at Trump towers, it appears he's not even delivering."- @MtnMD  #MoneyProblems101 #TrumpOwesTheMob
"It was horrible, it was just straight up horrible. The whole 'trump can be president' thing has gotten out of hand".  Fixed it for you michael
It was just locker room talk
You are right.  Watch on Netflix "Trump, an American Dream" Ep 4.  It was Obama's ridicule of Trump at this dinner that is the reason a man with no ideology is so callously erasing anything Obama worked for.
Trump consoling Sarah Sanders..
THEY SAID MEAN THINGS ABOUT DEAR LEADER!!!!
Given trumps personal insults and humiliations to hundreds of people both on twitter and in rallies and interviews, this truly is the height of hypocrisy coming from Trumpsters.  Fancy saying Wolf went too far in the face of what Trump has done and said 
It started with Hillary’s name calling. Credit where credit is due.
@POTUS did the right thing, he and we The American People have no use for them, it's like watching Pigs in Tuxedos, if I could look to the media and see even one day where they weren't lying or ripping him, then one day at the #WHCD would have it's place, now it's just Overkill.
Well said.
President Trump should end them. They are expensive & his supporters don't watch them, but we have to see their hateful remarks all over social media. We don't want to pay for the enemy to eat steak & have open bar for insults, we see it for FREE 24/7/365.
Poor snowflakes.
Dey has a sad. :(
This is humor to conservatives
That's disgusting. Right wingers! Right winger! Come and look at this and tell us how cruel and disgusting... right wingers? HELLOOOO??
It was no worse than what @realDonaldTrump has said. You hippocrate
Do you people even know what a roast is?
Somebody get these snowflakes some tissues lmao
You FOX NUTS are hysterical this morning with all of your righteous indignation!
What a hypocritical JOKE!  LOLOLOL 
Sunday morning buffoonery! 

She told the truth about huck a boo boo and it was horrible.
I remember tRump Tshirts saying "fuck your feelings".  Seems appropriate right now.
Never heard of this "comedian". What is he known for?
Google is your friend.
If I have to Google, are they that famous or relevant?
She was relevant enough to be the host of the WHCD. She does have quite a resume honestly. Funny lady.
You know what, I just realized I misread that headline. Thought Fox had found some other comedian to comment on the 1st comedian. I didn't recognize the name Michael Loftus. Totally my bad, sorry. Long night, brand new baby at home 
No bad . Enjoy the new baby!  One day, you will sleep again. I promise!!
Thank you, she is perfect. Just voraciously hungry  She might either be some kind of mass transit engineer or a dictator one day. Depending on how you judge the way she demands keeping a tight schedule. 
Lol. Boy I remember those days...
Couldn't get her giant ass out of the chair.
Never mock a person s figure ! Not nice !!
Just locker room talk. Means nothing, right?
Sarah Huckubee does her job and this retard comes in and mocks her in front of America , it’s not locker room talk , right ??
Why are you so upset at words? Big scary world not PC enough for you, snowflake?
Listen keep your silly remarks to your self , next move and I block you !! Not interested in cheap talk !!
Did I miss the tweets calling Trump's attacks, name calling and insults, horrible?
I’ll tell you what was horrible.  Switching the channel to Trump’s rally.  The more unhinged he becomes, the more rabid his base gets.
Snowflakes 
And in Fox where they lie as much as Trump, Sarah and Conway, that sure is — specially with their canine adulation of them. Not to mention their own scam of selling overpriced gold to gullible seniors.
Someone give this poor soul a hanky to cry in!wasn't NOT being "politically correct" the fun part of Trump's pussy grabbing, racial slurring, platform! Whatsa matter--you've "got blood coming out of your wherever" & words suddenly matter to you? Gtfo, and take Trump with you,.
Trumpers sure are a bunch of snowflakes. I thought you guys wanted less PC? I thought you guys said "Fuck your feelings"?
Well ya know what Trumpflakes? #FuckYourFeelings
Michael Loftus on the White House Correspondents’ Dinner: “It was horrible, it was just straight up horrible. The whole roast thing has gotten out of hand.” 
Jokes about King Trump and his circle are forbidden.

- Year 2027
Maybe if Trump, Sanders, Pruitt, Pence, et. al. didn’t giving comedians soooo much to work with this wouldn’t happen.  The Trump swamp just makes it too damn easy for comics.
Well ObMa gave them just as much to work with and they played dumb!

Yeah! Comedy is out of hand! 

It’s only acceptable when 45 uses twitter and hate rallies for serious insults.

GTFO

Don't worry, it will escalate and get much worse as the election get closer.
Hold on let me call the wambulance for you and get a copy of the First Amendment. The hypocrisy of all of you that Donald Trump has literally insulted women his whole entire life and is racist. So for one woman stands up and point out the his bullshit you all come crying
Yet, MSM wonders why @POTUS has blown them off, 2 years in a row?
The word you're looking for is 'chickenshit'.
Amazing how many people are justifying this kind of behavior it is NOT OK no matter who it might have been disgraceful
Just locker room talk...toughen up, snowflake.
#WeLoveYouSarahSanders
There’s one in every crowd.

Lol, I think everyone except resistors have moved on.
Thousands of comedians out of work and Look there's a clown..
Isn't it amazing how we hold comedians to higher moral standards than the effing President?
How about WE organize a yearly broadcast, make a big promotion out of it, and then verbally abuse a single person for a couple of hours.  It's no longer in the nature it was intended.  It was awful when it was Pres. Bush too.
Jokes are jokes. They can be offensive. It's cool if you were offended. All I'm saying is where's the outrage from Fox when the actual person in charge *routinely* says similar or worse things?
Every mature adult understands the difference between good natured humor and insulting a captive 'roastee' in a public or 'traditional' forum.  And, I don't know what you are talking about, I don't routinely watch Fox.  Do you? You must if you can say this.
Yeah, sadly I watch more of it than I want lol. I do see this moral outrage on their network as hypocritical when literally the guy in charge says and does way worse than a comedian ever could.
You are full of crap at least two different ways in that last stmt.  1) If you don't like Fox news, CHANGE THE CHANNEL unless you just like to bitch 2) I've heard FAR more offensive insults and diatribe from your average 'comic' saying shocking over-the-top BS for attention
And blocked. I don't have time for being called names or mean-spirited debate.
I agree, it was almost as nasty as some of the president's Tweets. But seriously, personally attacking Huckabee Sanders serves no good purpose.
If you’re going to be the mouthpiece for a criminal enterprise and lie through your teeth all the time, you need to get used to being called out on it.
#MichelleIsAWhore sounded like a Tranny with a Dislodged Testicle she was rude and Crude Typical Intolerant Leftist
Rude and crude, just like @realDonaldTrump!!  
Hmmmm.....
#hypocrites
So 2 wrongs make a Right
Great line on why President Trump was right not to attend #WHCD.  It was horrible. It's like going to a restaurant knowing you are going to get food poisoning.
Yup
I agree with you, the so called comedian was horrible. A waste of money for someone who is NOT FUNNY AT ALL. The White House Correspondents' Dinner did not have any class in choosing an insulting & disgraceful person. Shameful broadcast liberal organizer/news
#putinbot
Wow....
THE VULTURE'S FEAST
Honestly, it is kind of #karma. The @realDonaldTrump administration started this vitriol, and you guys had a large part in demonizing liberals and spreading propaganda for the @gop since the 90’s.
Who the fuck is Michael Loftus?
Why isn’t Fox News concentrating on the fact Flint has no clean running water!! Outrageous!!!
That was not a "roast" that was hateful verbal abuse pure and simple.

You do know that’s what a roast is, right?
Truth hurts
“Michelle Wolf's only response to Republican critics should be: "It was just locker room talk."
437 days since Trump attended a news conference.

Trump was too scrared to go.

Now you talk rubbish about the dinner to hide the fact that Trump was too scared to go.

Not very subtle to most people. I say most because there are your viewers.
Poor little 45Cult crybabies .... Nothing she said was nearly as nasty as Trump's typical weekend twitter rants.
Aren't these the same people who said it's refreshing that Trump supposedly "tells it like it is" and "isn't politically correct"?
Dudes, her set reflected the political culture YOUR GUY created. Yeah, it was ugly. That's what we tried to tell you when you called us "snowflakes."
Especially when they mock disabled people, and describe how to sexually assault women.
#TrumpIsSoBroke
His campaign manager wasn’t paid by Trump but by Russia
Excuse me you brain dead complicit and lairs at Fox. I never heard you saying, nor a pip of criticism, of Trump going too far on this.
 who's a snowflake now! It's ok when your president crudely insults EVERYONE. waaa, deal with it. #Foxstatenews #TrumpIsAMoron
Find a safe space! Trump did!
I didn't watch & frankly could care less if so-called reporters laugh at each other or not - they have become so arrogant as a "profession" that most Americans could care less what they have to say, let alone what they want to promote #MediaBUZZ
I see this whole decision of Trumps not to have them poke fun at him, but rather to poke fun at Sanders and Kellyanne.
Sarah looked awesome and beautiful with that up hair do. My heart goes out to her to find out she was the feast of the Soros deep state puppet. Go Sarah! You are the Lady with beauty and brains.
Fox didn't like it? I'm shocked!
trump, pence, sanders & conway have made a career of demeaning others in public .  They've earned what they got last night.  Maybe now they'll know how it feels. Deplorables like them  deserve no respect.
I feel SAD for this #MichelleWolf b/c SHE HAS NO CLASS. #Metoo is it OK for this WOMAN to INSULT another WOMAN? What she did/said during the #WHCD is a #DISGRACE.  All of #America & #Americans should be REPULSED by this SICK behavior. This reiterates #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
YOU CAN DRESS UP SWINE... YET ONCE OUT OF THEIR PIG PEN...
THEY STILL SMELL OF BIAS  & BILE  !!!
@CNN
@MSNBC 
@DNC 
@realDonaldTrump 
@GovMikeHuckabee 
@PressSec
awwww do you guys need safe spaces from all those mean jokes :(
Kinda like the so called POTUS?? He brought it! So you all can't handle it!!
No, Michael, the whole Trump thing has gotten out of hand.  He is destroying our country and every word at that roast was deserved.  Trump and his minions got what they dish out to us, the American people who are not rich, every single day.  And they gave one or two for our Earth
Yeah, and so has the whole "president" thing. This is what you get when you allow a disgusting pig disguising as a President to be rude, crude, and horrible EVERY DAY.
Guess he doesn't get what a roast is 
What about Trump and all his inflammatory language?  Where is the outrage over that. Shit hole, breeders, handicap shame.

Looks like you right wingers are a bunch of little snowflakes who can't take a few jokes.
So why even bother from now on? I don't blame POTUS for not goung. Next year Sarah needs to pass. She is too sweet for that NASTY PIG Wolf person.

But “grab ‘em by the pussy” is ok?
Who with all the criticism he spews. That he wouldn't be able to take it
The protectionism of an idol such as @realDonaldTrump, the right (especially the religious right) will never again have authority to preach to anyone else. Ever.
يارب
Maybe conservatives need a safe space. I would try Facebook if I were you. All it is is an echo chamber for "deplorables".
A roast is fine as long as it’s funny and between friends. The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is neither.
And I tried everything. I jumped up and down, screamed at the top of my lungs and held my breath. She just kept telling jokes. Imagine that from a comedian? Mrs Wolf should just shut up and dribble. Right FOX?
The Correspondents dinner roast has stopped with  the roasting and now just cannibalize their invited quests. They should just call it the Annual Correspondent Cannibalization Dinner.
When @realDonaldTrump gets out of hand and calling people name you folks say nothing and he is not even at a so called roast.
Awww, poor bully baby can’t take a joke.
Trump literally ripped McCain for being a POW without it being a joke. Y’all live

Republicans, if you were offended last night...don’t worry, it was only “locker room talk”.....

Smokey eye jokes: KILL HER!

Nazi loving, pussy grabbing, intelligence leaking, colluding, cheating, lying, etc: LOCKER ROOM TALK! 

…
“Moved on her like a bitch” was acceptable but the jokes were horrible?  I will agree some of the comedians jokes were extremely distasteful,however being outraged over them is extremely hypocritical.
Exactly! It’s not like Sarah is black or crippled. She’s a white xtian. She should never be roasted.
Waaaaaaaah.
#Snowflakes
Trump sent his whipping girl out 
to take the heat for his actions
just like he does
every day.
You are acting like a baby.
And yet none of you call out Trump and the right when they attack congresswomen, HRC, the Obama family, female reporters, etc. Uoh all say Trump isn't politically PC. The right attacks teens, and none of that is done as a joke. Get some thicker skin and look in the mirror
Do you need to go to your safe place?
That's all you people do all day and all night long on Fox soap opera Networks. hypocrites!
RIP White House Correspondence dinner. Liberals are the worst example of class and morality! The reputation of this charity dinner to raise $ for college scholarships has been railroaded by leftist. They destroy everything they touch. Classless!

If you are a Trump supporter or member of his administration and aren’t willing to condemn his vulgar and mean spirited behavior every day, then i don’t want to hear what you have to say about a comedian.
Maybe, but nothing that was said was untrue. Unlike when @PressSec opens her mouth.
Didn’t trump base his whole campaign on insulting people?  kinda hypocritical don’t you think?
I miss comedy I grew up watching Monty Python and they made fun of everything.
Matter of opinion I guess, I thought it was great! 
Maybe we can elect her president since insulting people and being a total asshole is now the new norm
Snowflake! Republicans are just fine when Dems are roasted.
We get roasted every day by #45 and his regime. Is that okay with you? Even paraolympians are not safe from #45’s insults. Are you okay with that?
Toughen up, snowflakes.
Well it shows a flaw in the potus character. It is a dinner for the potus to be able to poke fun at the press and elite and his own staff. Show the potus has a very serious mental issue.
First: Google HUMOR
Second: Google ROASTS
In the words of Donald Trump and his supporters:

FU*K YOUR FEELINGS!!

Sincerely,
The American People
But if it was Hillary, we would have laughed our asses off.
You call the Liberals “snowflakes” when they are offended....look at your level of butthurt now. What should we call you, crybabies? That’s fitting.
@acosta @TheDemocrats @cnn @msnbc @abcnews @cbsnews are confused as to why @realDonaldTrump refuses to spend 2 willing minutes of his time in a room with these horrible people. The reaon is so clear #WHCD
Man people can't even makes jokes any more without people like Michael acting all "offended." PC culture has gone too far.
Snowflake.
Sadly, @realDonaldTrump calling anyone he disagrees with awful  names has changed the political rhetoric for the worse.
It's still a tradition. It's still disrespectful not to attend. Then again Trump and his supporters have never really supported real ethical journalism and the White House Press Corps.
says Fox "News", who are so far up Trump's ass, they know his dental records.
So much butthurt. I guess it was only entertaining to libtards, dumbocrats, and snowflakes? #ReapWhatYouSow
Poor boy..@realDonaldTrump
Glenn Beck on Fox news said that Obama was a racist with deep-seated hatred towards white people. But no that wasn't going too far. But when a comedian does it man look out.
The daily lies by the President and Press Secretary is what's gotten out of hand. Worry about that.
I thought it was great!!
In other news someone I love to follow.......#Jenna ....
Kanye is pissing the libs off, left right and center... and I am SOOO here for it.
See we have something in common, I like Jenna too.
Nice..People don’t agree on everything.I think there is one issue you have divergent views,she’s very pro-life.But I guess that’s what makes it interesting.I follow her also for the debate,she has a very quick whit.
Michael Loftus is so correct!  Typical MSM listening to lefty loon buffoon, while President Trump is out with the good people of Michigan.#MichiganRally #Michigan #Michiganlovestrump
I agree and the whole White House staff members should not attend in the future
Bunch of snarky teenagers, pretending to be grown-ups.  Pathetic bunch of bullies. And they claim to report the news? Pfffft
Sarah Sanders is owed an Apology for the vulgarity and personal attack against her. Donald Trump owes Apologies for his vulgar and personal attacks against
John McCain,Ted Cruz his wife&family,Serge Kovaleski,Megyn Kelly,Jeff Sessions,
Sen. ElizabethWarren and hundreds of others!
When does this guy get his apology?
Liberals are the food poisoning...their vicious, hate-filled attacks are nothing more than desperate attempts to bring people with moral values and higher standards down to their disgusting level!
They gave Sarah a good reason not to attend the White House Vultures Dinner next year.
The truth hurts doesn’t it.
Seems the roast is now a lost art.
It is out of hand because of Liberal Pieces of Crap like Michelle Wolf, she is one of many floating in the toilet of liberalism!
Anyone with an ounce of credibility knows it was terrible, you ain't gotta like Trump to know an absolutely shit attempt at comedy.
Aww poor conservative snowflakes 
Nothing about that low life @michelleisawolf was funny! The joke was that WH correspondents actually paid her! Probably only paid gig she has had all year!!!!!!

Donald Trump, the guy who said he’d run into a school to stop a shooter with an AR-15, isn’t even brave enough to attend the White House Correspondent’s Dinner because people are making jokes about him there.

From the Department of No Sense of Irony or Self-Awareness. O https://twitter.com/seanspicer/status/990430460508549120 …

No but really Sarah Huckabee Sanders lies to the American people every single day.

That’s literally just a fact.
Michael is channeling Josh Gates - accurate & accurately. My only other comment is; doesn’t a roast usually advertise itself as, I dunno, a roast?“dinner w/entertainment” is something else..
To be fair, roasts are fairly entertaining.
My point was; The WHCD is not a roast. It’s a dinner event w/SUPPOSED entertainment meant to celebrate the press’ relationship w/gov’t. Nothing about this year’s event was entertaining, it was a shameful display of petty, ignorant, bad behavior.
I would agree with you, yet Trump kinda was asking for it with his blatant attacks on all media aside from his propaganda machines. I do agree that she went too far though.
And that means S H-S & others, who attended this (officially a) fiasco, that merely work for gov’t & do what they are tasked with, “deserve” the snarky, mean-spirited BS inflicted on them? ... especially when DJT WAS’T EVEN THERE. Yeah, those folks were really asking for it.
I did say she went too far. Still, if Trump wants to call them stuff like that, then why should they not show Trump what true cancer is like?
Yes, you did. Just saying that the press made a very bad choice. Sinking to a lower level rarely works. Karma has a tendency to flatten dogma at every opportunity.  But if this is the hill the press & Ms comedian want to die on, they succeeded 
From an Independent, I have to agree.
