Marie Har f is no analyst. She's a partisan hack who moves in lock-step with progressive alt-left & most of us could care less what she days. I usually change the channel when she's on.
I do too, she's full of it.   Hearsay does not put you in a tough position, all the more reason to investigate, not run to press.
Sad
It really is.
Also his duty to investigate and understand if they were true...but he doesn't care about that.  I hope the voters show him the door......Also, I didn't watch this live because I turn the channel when she is on.
Liberals don’t care about truths.
No it's not, Harf--certainly not without verifying them.
His duty is to verified 1st before slandering someone
The ranking Republican on the committee agreed to releasing this information. Why don’t you blame him too? Oh that’s right he is a Rep and wouldn’t fit the narrative.
The republican wasn’t the one who ran their mouth just saying
Don’t reply to someone who creates an account to disagree
Not the way he did. Vote him out
Harf is an idiot. That was a pathetic attempt to defend a senator that could have easily confirmed or debunked the salacious allegations as the FBI did promptly.
Tester had no proof, only hearsay and should not have gone to the press! Maria, he was not in a tough position, he did what he wanted to do, smear a good man’s name and you know it!
Let’s start accusing Marie Harf with all kinds of rumors,accusations from anonymous sources!See how she responds to life being ruined!NoFact
Bull shit.....Marie
Usual lib excuses
Marie Harf is an idiot.  As a senator it is HIS DUTY to ensure all the allegations he is presenting ARE ACCURATE.  Why would a senator repeat words from just anyone without corroborating them?  Tester is an idiot, too.
Tester needs to go! Step down now! This old form of coercion has died a bloody death! This coercion by the democrats, socialists and who knows! This is why we have defamation and or libel laws! Tester made a huge mistake! He is not running for office and is liable! Elena -
No. It's not his duty to go running to the press with allegations that have not been proven!
Wait what? Ummm no, its his duty to verify info prior to destroying someone's character!
Sometimes I get this feelin that this young lady might even believe the silly crap that she says!
More excuses...go away Marie!!
Yeah more likely soros obummer clinton people
Without vetted them to see if they were credible bs
So this is all hearsay with no proof and you're sticking up for this tester you are just as sick as he is
And maybe he should've verified those reports as True before slandering.
Marie is the female version of Chris Hahn.

Truly the dumbest Fox has to offer.

Sad!
That's a Bogus excuse!  So you're saying anything that someone brings to him he has to put forth?  Either he's stupid, clueless, a partisan hack unfit to hold public office, or a combination of all of the above! I'm gonna go with the last choice! Montana can do better!!
Tester is toast  !
Listen to this woman virtually claim that it's a Senator's duty to spread rumors. Because that's what these allegations were when they were spread to him unsubstantiated. The Senator's duty was to verify them before bringing them forward.
She's so pathetic
Where in the Constitution does it say that Senators have a duty to bring forward unverified allegations?  Please cite the article, section, and clause.
It's his job to ensure they're credible BEFORE he slanders a flag officer.
Marie Harf is ignorant to act like Tester had to act on rumour. Lets look through Testers files and see what other rumours he is setting on, including ones against him!
The hearings were put on hold with a joint statement from Tester (D) and Isakson (R). 
Also, you misspelled rumors twice.
And secondly.. your pettyness is matched by your ignorance. Which is ironicly inaccurate of your folk hero Mark Twain! So congratulations on that! You should change your handle.
@kevincorke @JessieJaneDuff Its salacious and toxic. This is how the Dems drive the narrative. Lies and false allegations and everyone else twists in the wind in legal bindings fighting the lies. Meanwhile...the left IS doing what they claim others are doing.
So why didn't Sen Tester research the allegations first b4 he made accusations?
You’re wrong Marie Harf, it was his duty to do find out if allegations were true before running to @CNN #CNN with them to character assassinate this good man #RonnieJackson. That was irresponsible and low and I hope #Montana kicks him to the curb.
It's his duty to spread false rumors? Good Lord 
Hey Harf - fuc off!!
@MarieHarf what a complete Ahole you are..Sen Testor has a duty to ensure his info is correct before he makes accusations against an Admiral in the Navy who has served 3 Presidents
Obstructionist Democrats came to a Democrat to Disseminate Negative Story's. There's a "story" floating out there that Harf's a Russian Spy. True? Tell everyone and let's see.
Maybe investigate them first you dope
That's a bunch of crap. @jontester should've verified any allegations then bring them up in the confirmation hearings, giving Admiral Jackson the opportunity to face his accusers. Total hit job by @jontester to protect government bureaucracy.
He says he supports the military but he tried to destroy the career of a decorated officer for no reason other than he hates Trump. @SenatorTester is a disgrace and not a real American.
Who the Tranny’s upset because Trump doesn’t want he she’s representing this beautiful land of ours
It’s not the job of a Senator to leak unfounded unverified allegations to the press.
Marie Harfing again. She was a spokesman for the State Department and had nothing to do with policy. Yet Fox brings here in all the time. She is wrong again. If it is rumored you bring behind closed doors, not to the first camera.
Why didn’t these people come forward years ago. He’s been WH doctor for 3 presidents. Isn’t that important to know!!!  Suspicious lies.
That is ridiculous......he has yet to name one of his sources.
No source names = character assassination through lies and innuendo.
what a bunch of crap this lady is saying,This man had serve two previous leaders and they should have also done this.its just because he was going to be in charge of the VA The DEM didn't want him there.let senator Tester name his source .i'm not buying it for a second.
Sorry, not true!  He came out made unsubstantiated allegations to the media!  Why not go to committees dealing with confirmation?
He should have verified to make sure they were true before he even said anything that could hurt someone or mess up their life
What - it is a Senator's duty to spread lies and innuendo? I hope Wallace pressed her on the veracity of the allegations. Why wasn't action taken when Admiral Jackson served President Obama?
This #MarieHarf  is actually #MarieBarf ! Always barfing to defend #Dems  . 
there she is again #MarieHarf spouting how democrats have to do what's right.. the right thing for him to do was check his facts before he ruined a man's life..  you dems are all alike you spout lies and innuendo and then try and spin them to what is wrong with Trump for it.
BS. He should have researched them first he’s a total lowlife. Stop with the excuses
Personally, I never listen to a person with Harf a brain.
Really?? No investigation into the allegations?? FOMH
Hey, Marie - What was tough about asking the Secret Service if any of the allegations were true before going public?  And, you realize, if the allegations were true, your @SenatorTester was calling the Obama senior staff a bunch of pill head addicts.
Someone told me Marie Harf is a lying hack. Not my allegation. Just doing my duty to bring it forward.
She belongs on CNN... 
@realDonaldTrump
Wanna bet?  Oh wait, he's already surpassed Nobama in successes!
@Robert_Blair @frankcgilbert @HeIsUNFIT2Lead
I agree with her. Twenty or more of his co-workers came forward. It wasn't rumors. They were all interviewed.
Oh in that case @SenatorTester Ms. Harf has appeared in over 20 porn films and can be rented to do most anything for 400/hr. Although Sources say she is only worth 150/hr. Please let America know.
They think everyone should just roll over for Trump. That’s not a democracy.
NO - it's his job to determine if they are true.

Let's just make stuff up about Ms. Harf
His duty to bring them forward?  Really?  Without any verification?  Seriously.
Well if that’s the case. “Sources say” that @SenatorTester was seen with underage pandas in a compromising position while inhaling paint fumes and had a cucumber up his ass.
Oh please, he’s a liar and should resign immediately, this is what the left is good at lies lies & more lies
From who. Name names...you people are all full of crap. Ruining people's lives by unproven allegations
No Marie it is the Senator’s duty the ensure the accusations are correct then bring them forward. Did he do that? If not he is just spreading an unknown/rumor/lie.
So this senator Testor believes his duty is to spread rumors, because that’s what he is saying in other words.
Marie Harf was a moron when she worked for Obama and nothing has changed working for FOX.
BS #marieharf  you know baseless allegations ruin lives . Obama, Bush .. no problem living a drunken pill popping life .. why b/c it didn’t happen . You are worse than Jessica and that’s saying a lot !
Harf is a far left loon. The excuse machine is cranking.
He was the selected senator Pawn to lead the attack.  He’s dirty and your dirty for supporting it all.
Stop drinking the cool aid, Marie. If no one’s told you yet, you can’t handle the sugar. If they have, you should listen
Nice try Marie.  Tester sat on talk shows spewing lies.  If it was allegations to bring forward then why not go to a congressional committee instead of the propaganda MSM? Typical Democrat backtracking after outrage from the public. Democrats will hurt anyone to win. #MAGA
Yet another excuse that wouldn’t fly if a Republican pundit made it.
Don't fall for Trump's crap about Tester.  It was bipartisan. The man was not qualified to run the VA. No shame in that. Jackson knew these allegations would come out.
That dog doesn't hunt.
Maria Harf beats children. Report those allegations
What about verifying the allegatikns.
He must be fired and thrown in jail.
Liberals dont know truth if it bot them on their Harf’s

They don’t know the Law of Holes.....
If you find yourself in one.. stop digging
You're wrong. He had a duty and responsibility to validate these claims first.
They must have figured that Senator Tester was stupid enough take their word!!
Well You touched me in a bad place!  I have memos and 4 friends to testify they saw it!  Must b true right?
2/2 Ted Cruz's fathers ties to Oswald) and appealing to the worst in human nature (xenophobia, Muslim ban, Mexican's crossing the border are rapists).  The level of hypocrisy is beyond the pale.
His duty?  That is a pathetic excuse!  She clearly doesn't understand the meaning of the word.  #JonTester His duty would be to validate BEFORE making himself look like a fool!
You mean he had to act on the Fake News reported by undisclosed sources? Soundslike he’s gonna be working at CNN soon.
@SenatorTester had an obligation to investigate these claims BEFORE publically making them as he did. 
Tester made it personal instead. 
He deserves losing his seat in upcoming election. 
#DrainTheSwamp
So very similar to President Bush who took the advice from his people in the intell community who said Iraq had WMD’s.
No! His duty to VERIFY, then disclose, not perpetrate character assassination based on rumor! Sad excuse for a human being, let alone a Senator!
Marie is still around?..UGH she's annoying!
I’m old enough to remember @realDonaldTrump making unsubstantiated accusations of Obama not being born in the USA.
Typical @TheDemocrats straight from #HarryReid book remember someone told him @MittRomney didn’t pay his #Taxes Oops! It was a lie!!
Isn’t it also his responsibility to verify them as truthful?
Does she really believe the crap she's spewing?
Tester is not a nice bloke and needs to be ousted as soon as possible. You want decent people in office who love America not love lies and puffing themselves up.
It’s his duty to make sure there true
I hate this BYTCH.  Fire her from Fox PLEASSSSEEEEE, so I can go back to watching Outnumbered.  She is nothing more than an Obama Political Hack and a vile one at that.
Harf is a joke, zero credibility.
She worked for John Kerry, enough said.
@JonTester could have made one call to the Secret Service and found out there was no record of such allegations.  Instead he chose to publicly smear #RonnyJackson.  I’d say shameful but he doesn’t have any. #Disgusting #MarieHarf
Your hopeless!
He's my senator and he has ZERO obligation to bring UNFOUNDED information foreword to destroy this man. Just because your a senator doesn't mean that facts aren't needed to proceed with the convection of guilt. Shame on you Senator Tester.
I don’t believe a person could be that shallow to not confirm the validity of the allegations
It's his duty to find out the facts before putting mouth in gear.
And it is his responsibility to check to see if the allegations are true.
So, Marie, why didn’t he take them directly to the White House? You are seriously wrong about this.
What happened to the truth before publicly trash people?
So name the 20 or so who brought allegations.  Make them stand behind their remarks
What a load of Hog Wash. No responsible person would even go forward with unsubstantiated accusations, especially against such a decorated, combat Hero!! How would Tester like it if he was accused of being a child molester or rapist by an unknown source? He should RESIGN NOW!!
Why @FoxNews do you continue to push this Democrat propagandist on us.
Tester .. VOTED OUT OF OFFICE, for being a punk senator, and a liar.
I hope somebody “hears something” about Marie Harf and feels it’s their duty to bring it forward. FFS people.
Oh please no one came to him and expressed concerns they got in their little huddles and said what can we put out their to make him non electable.  They came up with erroneous BS and let Tester be the scapegoat.Rocket scientists not needed  for this BS
Tester needs to Give the names of the people that made these Allegations or Apologize !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He should have kept his mouth shut until he had the true facts! No excuses.
Nice try Marie.  Next he’ll say it was a video!  He didn’t verify the lies before he spewed them publicly. THAT shows a lack of moral and ethics. Nd your weak defense shows you to be cut from the same cloth.
BULLSHIT
Unsubstantiated allegations are not credible until verified. Tester is guilty of spreading gossip.
There’s 20 guys that told me you swallow... is it true?
POS Harf
Oh Barf Harf! Your job at the DOS was to give us the truth about what the DOS knew about HRC's policy decisions. Now we are finding out that HRC, Huma,Kennedy & BHO (Renegade) were in fact plotting thru (Evergreen's)HRC server then lied about it.
File a lawsuit against Tester! Expose the source!
Bull s
Isn’t it his duty to verify befirestating anything ? Plain simple facts. All he had to do was ask @SecretService . 

Look for proof before casting allegations. 

That’s all I ask. True facts.. not a smear campaign . I guess job was done regardless of truth.
When it's 26 people that come forward, y'all have to listen & the allegations should be investigated. If Ronny is innocent, should be no problem. I might add: nobody had a problem with ruining Senators' lives & others' careers when it was sexual harassment & fewer allegations.
The allegations should be substantiated first!  Like I heard you like to give out Blow Jobs to complete strangers just like Stormy
Marie - ur a fool if you believe that - not one documented fact!  Silent Trump votes are no longer silent!
Shouldn't he have checked them out first?
So #MarieHaft  if someone tells you that they see your husband/lover/boyfriend soliciting hooker or underage girl, would you take their word for it right away w/o finding proof If it's true?
So you destroy a good man with unvetted accusations?  I am a Montana voter, and @SenatorTester is in trouble.
Americans expect a sitting senator who hears gossip routinely to vet them before going to the press.  Senator tester has already served 2 terms.  Montana citizens deserve fresh ideas and confidence in their sitting leadership.  Vote tester out in Nov 18. Maga
So tell me the part again where it's his duty to forward things that aren't true that ruin a mans reputation. People came to him...Whatever...#DrainTheSwamp
Interesting. Senators can say anything w/o due diligence? Nonsense
I absolutely can't stand Marie Harf! She has that smug look on her face all the time , such a unlikable woman! Don't know why Fox has her on except perhaps she is your token Democrat, like Juan Williams that Fox feels they have to have!! Even other anchors despise them both!!
To check them and if accurate, bring them forward. He’s a biased idiot!!!
Marie is the same person who defends the anti-Trump dossier, which, has been called unverified and salacious.  So it’s not surprising to see her, once again, defending a Democrat.
They should be investigated before being brought forth in public. This senator was out to assassinate the character of a man just because he was a Trump nominee. The Democrats hate Trump more than they love or country.
TESTER...AKA toast
And this is why we call her Barf instead of Harf at my house.
Was the info confirmed by at least two sources?
It would've been nice if the Senator had vetted the information rather than toss it out there and taint the reputation of another human being.  But, hey, if it works to accomplish the goal...who cares? Right @SenatorTester? After all, we have to stop that evil @realDonaldTrump?!
Typical Marie Harf making excuses. Tester spread untrue allegations when he should have discreetly made inquiries to find the truth before spreading malicious lies. He took pleasure in slandering an honorable man because Trump nominated him, Democrats suck!
Just shut up and vote this guy out of office!
At the hearing not smearing his name on cnn before he gets a chance to defend himself
Bring them forward as the truth. Not hearsay.  Resign @SenatorTester
Please get her off your channel forever.
It's quite amazing that you give deep state Leftist Marie Harf a platform (let alone a job). Marie telling anyone "how diplomacy works" is like a kindergartener telling a scientist how gravity works. Professional bloviator for known liar John Kerry does not make one an expert.
No, Tester should resign immediately if he thinks his job is to repeat what he is told to say WITHOUT VERIFYING.
Tester should burn his sources as a warning to those who practice the politics of personal destruction.
@SenateGOP @GOP
#رفاه_کار_آزادی
Because you never wait to check to see if they are true before you run to the press and accuse someone, right? So because someone wants to ruin someone else's life & career by false accusations, it's okay because he was doing his duty bringing it forward? Spare me!
He could have found the truth but he didn’t. Washington is a swamp and he’s included
Stating there were allegations, fine. Going into detail about the unfounded allegations was wrong and he owes the Adm and apology.


STUPID energy @realDonaldTrump
Shut up blondie?
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump
He has a duty to verify before blabbing to the Press.
Yes, Trump should have vetted and verified before blabbing the nomination to the press.
Based on the secret service reports Trump did.
Ask Republican Johnny Isakson about that.
I believe the SS
I know Jon Tester and I believe him.
Good for you
It's his duty to verify what he's being told . . . then, if truth, bring them forward. Or is he just a puppet on a string? Silly #MarieHarf.  #FoxNewsSunday
Bring forward???? Allegations same as harrassment allegations,  if you r going to speak out, step up!! Don’t ask others to do that for u!!! @Scully64 @FoxNews @HarfMaria
Really without knowing the FACTS?!! You are as clueless as the Senator and You are in the MEDIA! That’s why we have such a distrust of MEDIA AND OUR POLITICIANS! MARIE HARF!
Shouldn't he verify the assertions first?  It would be the ethical thing to do.
Provide the ones that came to Tester for proof
That was not his duty, he should have verified info first.
Thought Faux is fair and balanced! 
Maybe it should have been his duty to vet them first. Idiot.
Maybe he should have waited to learn if there was any credence before shooting off his big blabber mouth. Vote him out!
Nonsense. Just following the company line. She wouldn’t even give the POTUS any credit for N Korea. When forced, she gave some credit to “this administration.” She must be dizzy from all the spinning.
He didn't bother to confirm them either @marieharf. That's irresponsible, as an elected official. You can't unring a Bell.
To others on this he commuter, but not a media dump of unverified allegations
That is crap
Like a bunch of little old ladies in church!
Please get rid of her - she still acts like OBAMA is still President and she is in the Whitehouse - she is delusional!
45 has no problem killing the messenger when he doesn’t like the message
Shouldn’t someone present some trash about Marie?  Make it up. Dems do it daily.
B. S. You have no obligation to repeat possible lies.
@MarieHarf It was his duty to first #verify them.  Then, if true, inform. Just more of the same hatred.
It's officially Senator TESTICLE until the good people of WYOMING DUMP HIS WORTHLESS ASS!
So Harf says Dem Senators are puppets and repeat what they are told to say! Marie Harf is a puppet herself! She does not have an original thought in her head! She is a Democratic spokeswoman and will repeat whatever she is told. Save the party dumbarse!
Forward the allegations to the news instead of the FBI? We do have some other protocol for him  don’t we Marie? So ruining a decent man’s reputation with allegations that we find now are not true is okay? I am sure you don’t mean that Marie. And Sen.Tester-APOLOGIZE!
She's full of s**t. So full of it pathetic.
I don’t understand FNC’s thinking in putting Marie Harf and Juan Williams on so much. As soon as I see either of these leftist on my TV screen I flip the channel. Both are partisan hacks who should be on CNN or MSNBC. Get it together Fox!
It’s his duty to bring forth accusations of rumors? Not so sure about that. Nice try for the angle though.
BS. He should have vetted such allegations before trashing a good persons reputation.
Political hack
It’s never ones duty to slander an honorable person, not ever.
How about investigate before you bring them forward. Once it's said it'll stick true or not!
Who? Who came to you, sir? Release where or who you obtained this info. Did you even attempt to verify? Did it ever dawn on you he’d been cleared to oversee the health care needs of the last 3 POTUS. The answer is no. Your intent was to damage his nomination.
Please stop with Marie Harf...if I wanted to hear the democrat lying talking points I would change the channel to CNN. Being fair and balanced doesn't mean supporting out right lies and propaganda of the leftist communist in the DNC.
Tester did what he thought was best for the country
His responsibility to vet the story
Tell it to your dear leader, whom you repeatedly broadcast threatening Senator Tester over doing his job. You people at Fox News are the absolute worst.
