
I find the obsession that @fox has with Hillary to be freakishly disturbing.
so it's obsessive to want to have someone held accountable for their crimes, fox has to be this way because the msm will not cover any of it do to their propaganda affiliation to the dems.
LOL.  Thanks for the laugh!
I find the fact that criminal Hillary Clinton still walking around free extremely disturbing. Cages for criminals!
So why are you having so much trouble proving it?
it's already proven. its the charging aspect that should have everyone concerned. even lemmings like u.
I see a lot of guilty pleas and indictments from Mueller but I don't see any for Hillary???
and none related to Russia. so ur saying ur concerned about the way justice is selectively applied. and u should be.
Good...Then, Lock them both up...That is what happens when people play Hillary’s Game of, “It takes a Village.”...Another word for her game are: Collusion, Treason, Fraud,...Not to mention her body bag count...Lock them all up...!!!
Yes!!!
Go for broke

Lock em both up

& their pals 2

Americans won't respect the FBI or DOJ until Justice for ALL is served

Americans despise 

Justice for Some

There is no place for politics in the FBI & DOJ

We have been very patient &

We Want The Damn Wall Built Yesterday

#MAGA
Tom, why do you feel that the DOJ cannot go after Hillary, after all she is the criminal conspirator involved in this entire mess? She should be the first one to be prosecuted. Please explain the logic for your statement.@realDonaldTrump @MorningsMaria
And Trump and his crooked friends and family are in the same Russian boat.
Sure, if by same legal boat you mean neither of them have broken the law.

That's so ridiculous ... no wonder FOX is banned as news in countries with journalistic standards.

#BREAKING: Sprint and T-Mobile announce deal to merge, creating a wireless giant with more than 127 million customers; 3 companies will control almost the entire U.S. wireless industry
@TheJusticeDept - Then so bet it. The law is the law. What is criminal for one, is criminal for all. Lady Justice is Blind, not Political.
#LockThemAllUp
How to know if someone is a right wing nut job=Hillary, Hillary, Hillary!
Jeff Sessions is just another member of the swamp! He is trying to stall as much as he can. He needs to have been fired already!
It’s absofuckinglutelty hilarious that Jeff Sessions was on of the earliest and strongest supporters yet because he believes in law  and won’t entertain the delusional fantasy’s of Trump’s supporters, he became a ‘swamp monster’
It’s absofuckinglutelty hilarious your lack of knowledge for the law. You are a testament to this generations laziness ignorance. Keep worshipping MSNBC and CNN. Just don't be surprised when your heroes start getting locked up.

Oh please, he is not telling us anything that we the people don't already know.
And the problem is? Oh that’s right the two sets of laws in this country are at play. One for us citizens and the other that allows politicians and so called elites the ability to commit crimes with impunity.
And it probably goes higher up after that; Hillary will not go down alone
Equal Justice 4 All!
IF THAT'S TH CASE, COMEY HAS A PASS!!!!!
AND OBUMR !

I can’t help but wonder just how deep into the FBI DOJ Democratic Party this goes this needs to be investigated inside and out
And if they go after Hillary, they have to go after Obama who sent emails to Clinton on the private server under a pseudonym & then lied abt when he learbed of her use of a private server.
Why wouldn’t they also go after Hillary?  She’s a felon and must be prosecuted just like any other felon.
Comey & Hilary  in same legal boat? Wrong comedy duo. Like saying Jerry Lewis & Bob Hope. You mean Comey & Trump. Have you seen their version of Who's on First? Their version is Who Gets Prosecuted for Obstruction of Justice First.
The DOJ MUST investigate and bureau exchanges against Comey, Brennan, McCabe, Hillary, Bill Clinton...Barack Obama.  Disgrace is too good for them.  The U.S. citizens deserve justice be brought upon those criminals.
@TomFitton literally just makes up bullshit. He trolls Reddit because he can’t gain any respectability as a ‘lawyer’

But he says shit FoxNews can sell so they put him on
Why are they stuck? THEY TOOK AN OATH!!



I think the steroids are really starting to take over Tom. I hope he gets better soon. #WhataboutismAndSteroidsCauseCancer #SeeADoctor
Comey and hillary May have other criminal friends
So if the Justice department goes after Comrade Trump, shouldn't they also go after Faux News, after all they are the Republican Taliban Party's Propogand Machine. They spew alternative facts more than Rodney Dangerfield tells wife jokes.
There is a song that comes to mind. Isn’t it ironic.Don’t you think

...........And? 2 birds, 1 stone.
that’s no excuse.. arrest them both
That's TOTAL BS.
Justice should go after justice no matter who is involved.
This isn’t about justice, it’s about having a target to scream against. It’s about having an enemy and a distraction
Exactly, and their boat is above the law. What a shame for American Justice.
The longer this goes on without people going to jail the more obvious it is that the DOJ is totally corrupt !!

Fox News is so dependent on Hillary Clinton as a foil that they’ve decided just to keep covering her as if she’s president
The DOJ is not stuck - they are the cause of their own circumstances. The only thing that will prevent them from becoming a joke is to do the right thing.
Doesn't matter.  GO after them all.  
No one is above the law! NO ONE!
Let them both sink in it!

Considering what happened during last night's White House Correspondents Dinner, should they be considered as a hate group?
Seems like a win win to me. Go get em Jeff!!
This is all nonsense & bullshit. Specially Fox News trying to make all type of fake stories on Clinton & FBI. Just want to see America stuck in so that they can’t see Trump scandals & controversy.
#LockemAllUp
There are enough charges. This is not a game. Follow the law for everyone and stop giving a pass just because of your status. We are all sick of it!!!
Take them all out! We need a real justice system if, you have to remove Sessions ! But please bring justice back to the USA !
Then do it.  Our jails are filled with people whom they sent there and whom did a lot less.
I still don't know what they're waiting for. Go after her. She's a criminal. Unfortunate for others caught up in her little web but that's the way it goes. When you play you eventually have to pay.
Then do it!
How much more proof do you need to indict every one of them? Oh yeah, that's right... @AGJeffBSessions is the AG who won't do a damned thing. Must be nice to collect a fat pay check for doing nothing.
The law is the law.. We the People want Obama's butt.. He's a Traitor and a Sneak..   HE'S  EVIL...
So they are both guilty as hell, that is just saying they are above the law
Let us not forget Obama he's just as guilty as the rest of them
Gods will be done
Why are they afraid to go after the Queen of the Clinton Crime Cartel ? PUT HER ASS IN JAIL!!!
If they don't go after him it proves what people believe, there is a two tier justice system. I think many people in the deep state have committed crimes but will anyone be brought to justice? Or like many other times nothing happens but lip service of "this stuff must stop"
Nothing will happen with the current closet never-Trumper AG...
Everyone in the last administration was using aliases and multiple accounts to evade public disclosure laws. Rip the scab off Comey and the rest bleed too. It goes right up to Obama.
Is this what justice is all about!!!!
#LockHerUp  #LockHimUpToo
There needs to be an investigation headed up by a Supreme Court Justice to investigate the DOJ and the FBI. This corruption goes so deep in both departments can or will investigate themselves properly. It needs to be done by a third party something like the Warren Commission.
So I guess it’s time to blame O huh? Even though he’s out of office and this isn’t “his” DoS anymore it’s still his and H’s doing, yes?
So ?
It’s the Justice Dept, isn’t?
We need the IG report  to come out. Then Sessions  will be forced  to prosecute.

Some key facts:

(1) Trump has willfully done *nothing* to protect America from Russian interference with the 2018 elections.…
Then go after her.
So put on your "big boy pants" & do your JOB! Enforcing the law/or enact stricter laws to enhance our immigration laws!
No-brainer
Have At It! Unlike the President, Clinton & Comey can handle the Scrutiny, not Whine Endlessly about it like a Big Baby. If you Have Not Done Anything Wrong or Lied about it, then there is no need to Squirm and Scream Foul.
Speaking of political boats, @realDonaldTrump is steering the political Titanic toward its inevitable fate...
They are not stuck. We left England to avoid royalty. No one here is above the law (or so it’s supposed to be) do the investigation, present charges, and follow the laws
So what's the problem?
Consult a real lawyer. You won’t fund them on this pretend news network as commentators.
No they are not your friend trump is the one that is the criminal.!!!
Just more propaganda and untrue statements.
Jail for both! Simple! 
Sorry I'm so negative but don't think anything will happen to these criminals and they'll walk free like those before.
So when are they going to impeach Hillary? Oh wait!...
The FBI and the DOJ are at a precipice in time. Both have been steeped in controversy for years. I am very interested in seeing which way they go.

How Long has @Comey been in @HillaryClinton pocket?  When did he first become a Clinton Stooge?  When was he compromised?  How long was he the Clinton "fixer"?
So! Do it.

BURN IT DOWN END THE DEEPSTATE CORRUPTION
Such idiots that box theories only zero credibility mostly
They need to hold both accountable
When you don't understand the law and you support Russia this is what you push for Traidor
Doing the RIGHT thing is not always favorable. But they need to face justice like any other criminals do.
They need to do it. It is the proper thing to do. They are criminals and needs to face justice no matter what.
What the H*** is the matter with incarcerating a former Fist Lady, Senator & SOS? HRC used her elected office to enrich herself. No one is above the Law! If we condone this behavior of criminality in our government, we are no better than a banana republic! This BS needs to stop!
Couldn’t Session just claim as Holder did “He’s Trumps right hand man”. And that makes it alright.
And potus Hilary continues to live rent free in the heads of the trumptards.....
Hey FoxNews, I think you have bigger fish to fry than little old @Comey.
Focus on what's really going on. Thank you.
Off with their HEADS
Ridiculous the GOP went after Hillary time after time, made her testify under oath, FBI already investigated her & said she was innocent.  The Trump administration is the one still under investigation.  Comey is fine. Hope Hicks said Trump makes her tell lies. Comey is credible.
@TeamTrump Comey nor Hillary have anything to worry about. Because our fearless Mr McGoo Session is busy locking up ppl for sparking up a doobie, while letting the criminals go around promoting their books. McGoo Sessions is in on the jig, get it
As they should.. they both broke the god damn law.. it’s pathetic.
Don't worry about @Comey. He will be just fine. He's worked in Government, and he's worked at the Justice Dept. and at the FBI.  Trump should quit calling him disgraced.  James Comey's book! https://www.amazon.com/Higher-Loyalty-Truth.../dp/1250192455 …
#JamesComey @Comey I believe he's a good and decent human being.
Where the hell are you Jeff sessions
Tim Fitton -- from "Judicial Watch" (another FOX surrogate, named to make you think they are telling the truth -- WATCH OUT !!)
So what's wrong with justice department going after a known and habitual criminal? We can call it the Comey and Hillary show!
Haha what 
They are?
Facts
Or
Opinion?
The DOJ is a joke at the moment sessions needs to take the hint and resign, Trump needs to fire Rosenstein.
Go get both of them, they are not above the law. What is the hold up, they wouldn't slow up if it were me. I thought it was Make American Strong Again, not let these ASS HOLES get away with anything they want.
No! Here's one for you! It's from the Heart.
Go after them all!!
That boat has been afloat for too damn long time to blow it from the water once n for all!
In not doing so wouldn't that be the same as not going after Russia ?
Most likely more truth than you know is this statement. Guarentee there's a whole nest of roaches that would get pulled out into the light if a true indepth investigation would be opened.
Hang'em high
GREAT POINT!

(this needs to be driven home)
They are in a canoe compared to trump's legal problems
Good get them both.
Try focusing on REAL news - ya know, like the undeniable connection between Trump, the people around him, and the Russians. Oh wait! You can’t because somewhere in all of that FOX “News”, @seanhannity, Rupert Murdoch, and God knows who else there is involved. Self-incrimination?

Here is another member on the Nazi Party.
Good then do it
#Killary #Comey #LockThemUp
@FoxNews @TomFitton @TheJusticeDept @usagsessions
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS

Shouldn’t be hard to go after both
Comey makes a keystone cop look competent !  Absolutely NIGHTMARISH that he was anywhere close to a position of power  ! The man's not qualified to flip burgers in REALville!  Go TRUMP !
If they go after Comey and HRC then who's next???  #comeyisajoke


And?
I do believe you are right



The military needs to investigate uranium one. There's no stall that can come from the doj or FBI.

His story/excuses is completely full oh wholes. He never mentioned bills speaking fees at a banking convention in Russia. Plus he acts like she didn't know. Yeah right. There's way more information about it know than then.

Oh yeah I also speak Texan.
Very poorly
If you weren't raised in Texas you may not understand the language. And a heads up Austin is a separate part of Texas. We consider them California rejects.
You seem to not comprehend that your posts are not even complete or proper English, regardless of localization
Misdemeanors, Felonious is reserved for POTUS..
More like the Titanic, with full crew and passengers... What's the penalty for seditious conspiracy in the US anyway ? ... oh  nevermind, I looked it up...
That is why rosenstein appointed Mueller he can keep going on with his investigation and stall until Congress is changed out and the issue is forgotten.
More about Hilary!! We want Hilary news, twenty-four seven.
The GOP appointed Justice Department, Tom?
There is a thing called exoneration WHICH I HAVE EVERY RIGHT TO GIVE(IF I FIND IT TO BE RIGHT AND JUST)
JEFF SESSIONS NEEDS TO GO---NEED AN AG WWHO FOLOWS THE CONSTITUTION AND THE RULE OF LAW AND HAS THE GUTS TO DO THE JOB
You mean they won't go after justice. This is bullshit
Do you ever have people on who are capable of telling the truth? What horseshit.
Wow @FoxNews really banging the character assassination drum today huh?

Let’s sink that boat!
