How does he NOT deserve it????? Obama literally won the d*mn thing just for being the Co-founder of ISIS. Heck, Kanye West did more for the African American community in one tweet than Obama did in eight whole years!!!
Fool
What a comeback
Your nonsense doesn’t deserve a comeback like tRump doesn’t deserve any award
My Nonsense? Have you seen your profile pic?! Calling the Kettle black
S K President and China main facilitators although T played a part

N and S Korea are really one people : they should be allowed to live in peace free from foreign manipulation 
agreed.
Besides calling him "Rocket Boy" what did trump do exactly?
Delusional Donald....
What peace did Obama Bring? 
GUN RUNNING 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
FAKE VIDEO NEWS MAKER
SPYGATE 
RACE WAR
1ST 8 YEARS OF THE 16 YEAR PLOT TO DESTROY AMERICA

seems worthy enough for the far fringe left to award Hussein with a Peace Prize. BLM got one too. #WhyNot 

#TheGreatAwakening
This is a joke right?........ right?
Not sure I’d give it to Trump, but we certainly shouldn’t have given it to Obama when we did.
Agreed! Now we urge @realdonaltrump to look into the case between Biafra and Nigeria because only justice will allow peace to prevail. We #Biafrans will continue to demand for our freedom even in the face of oppression #TrumpAskBuhari @jchengwsj
Trump doesn’t deserve shit, he calls him little rocket man ..... the man is so self obsessed he needs therapeutic help with what’s coming to him
Too bad he ain't getting one.  And he'll be gone from office by 2019 anyway.
I don't agree with it being too bad, but I totally agree with your second sentence! #BlueWave #Resist
People who are not speaking the truth,  lie, have a disturbed and sick mind will not be eligible for a Nobel price in general. This would disqualify the respected organization.
lol.. trump won’t get his small hands on one..
Absolutely Trump deserves it! That's a no brainer. Obama should have his taken away too.
All of Trump's  attacking tweets   are evidence that he is a great humanitarian.
I don't blame man for fighting back! He's been treated worse than any president in my entire life! He deserves one just for that if you ask me!
He’s treated worse?  If he was even a 1/4 competent they would lay off him. He’s a joke
You are the joke! He's 10 steps ahead of them all. Go troll elsewhere.
Lmfao! Dream on! Trump will never get a Nobel price, they don’t give that price to sex addicted, tax evading 71 year old man-child.  #IllegitimatePresident
Take back Obama’s Nobel Peace Prize!
At a time when triumph is measured in words and not in action. NOTHING has been accomplished so far. If ever, it’s probably the two Korean Presidents who’ll get “the deal” done and deserve to be remembered. #Trump and the US played role in keeping the pressure on with sanctions.
You are aware its not a popularity contest to get one right. Voting on Twitter is not how it works
Trump acted insane which may have scared them, but the people most responsible are going to be Moon and Kim not Trump for calling Kim names like "Little Rocket man" and bragging about the size of his button.
You couldn't be further from the truth! A man who blatantly supports White supremacists & has a racial hatred of Muslim & even Mexicans is not a man who deserves a Peace Prize!

Maybe fake Noble Peace Prize!
Please leave prez O. alone . He did 8 yrs for bad or worst. Period move on & bring the country together. Trump, Hannity, foxnews, and many on the right are obsessed with Obama. Let the Nobel judges decide not your whining.

I’d NO DOUBT fr.dayOne MrTRUMP would bPRES & oneOf BEST inHistory…already THERE..noDOUBT collusion w/ #Russia #China & OTHERS since Kennedys Strengthened byClintons & Obama ILLEGAL business UNDER Table would b over w/”Mr T”..noDoubt #NKorea…
Well I’m sure they can’t take Obama’s back but if and when @POTUS gets one, it will be for an actual reason like bringing about peace.
Never will happen
They are reserved for those that follow the Marxist narrative
Give a nobel peace prize to a man that insults and divides people on a daily basis? Who mocks disabled, who calls Mexicans rapists? Who degrades everyone around him? Please.
FAKE NEWS BOT
Moon Jae-in deserving it would be a more convincing argument.
Just waiting for Karl Rove to become president, bring the neocons  together and get praised for invading Iraq again.  Am sure THIS time, it  will be a cakewalk and the Iraqis will welcome the liberators with  flowers
He deserves a jail cell.
UMMM NO!

Kim -Jong Un blew up his own nuclear test site months ago, why do you think his testing stopped so suddenly?Do you REALLY believe that Trump's verbal insults turned him around?

The North Korean mountain collapsed killing more than 200 workers, including top scientists.
Well considering that he's going to stop the Iran deal which will lead to a more unstable world, I don't think he deserves it.
There isn't a gif big enough showing my disdain for what you have said, but. . . .
yeah right!!!!

Umm...nope. This is laughable. This NK thing was brokered by SK (et al. ). Besides his track record of peace here at home is not good. The Nobel committee is rolling their eyes over this.
Give me a break. His negotiating skill is to do a ten  min weak standup routine. Let give  it to dave Chappell.
Lol


Nobel gives a peace prize for treason!? Well Donald should get two! Ha ha ha!!$


Trump is known as a belchingly unkempt non-humanoid
You have never been laid, Roy, have you? Sad.
BiiiiiiiiG  HuuuuuuGE  “ YES “
WAs Dennis Rodman anywhere near there?
President Trump plans to visit N. Korea and talk face to face with Kim Jong Un.  The next thing you know North meets South and an end to their conflicts is declared.  Tell me #POTUS didn't have anything to do with this.  Making the world a safer place.
oh yes 
Nothing's happened yet. Un is closing one uranium plant to build 3 others. Let not get it twisted. Without uranium NK is nothing.
Iran#1nukeBombBuliderChina isHelpingIranNorthKoreaRussiaChina
StealingNowNRcollegesWork&R
InfiltrateMilitary,TechnologyDEMsGOPs
NotWorried
Right. He would be the perfect recipient to represent the Nobel Peace Price. He is after all a great example of virtue.
Both Kim, Sydkorea, Trump and Putin deserves the Nobel Peace Prize ---2018 !!

"Hannity is a very wealthy man. So is Donald Trump. It appears that part of the way they became rich was by decrying welfare for poor folks, then grabbing it for themselves," writes Paul Begala via @CNNOpinion https://cnn.it/2FnvVDb 
Not when he divides our country daily with his grandiose lies, bigotry and racism.
Why don't we wait until that cake is baked before trying to frost it?
He won’t get it
Right!?  They gave Obama that prize prematurely and incorrectly.  Not that kissing that panel's ass actually means anything.

Ummm.  President Obama already got his the last time I checked.
I can't help but think that if the Nobel Peace Prize were given to a racist it would become to somewhat devalued.

No he really doesn't. He was ridiculing Humiliating and name calling to get Un to back down. This is not over and no one except the Trump faithful believe otherwise.
I'm kinda confused, why would Obama even be mentioned ? Maybe I missed something, but I believe President Trump Is the one who stirred the pot
DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL! DUMBBELL!
Obama and and Aung San Suu Kyi are the living proof that Nobel Prizes should never be given too quickly..
Trump will never get Peace Prize from leftist Nobel committee. They will probably give it to Kim Jong Un!
You would certainly deserve it more than Trump ever would
Why would Obama's name even be brought up? He was too busy getting bottomed by Michelle for the duration.
China and South Korea deserve credit. Not even sure why the orange one needs to get involved. He has a way of screwing things up
Sorry guys, it's not a football match Reps vs Dems. It's about lives of people in NK no one cares about. Until their Hunger games are over, stop talking about Nobel prize.
In the sexual pervert's book,he wrote if you repeat something over & over & over, & over again,even if it's a lie,ppl will start believing it. He has NOTHING to do with NK/SK.  Ppl can thank SK and China. VP homophobe even snubbed Kim's sister at olympics
Well white people take it back from Obama and then treat him like Cosby that will make you happy
Anyone who denies this is merely blinded by Trump hate. By pushing back on NK with unrelenting pressure, he brought China to the table and crippled NK in economic sanctions. This forced NK to negotiate from a very weak position. No Trump = No Peace
Nibody deserves anything until something actually changes.
He didn't do shit
The Nobel prize is given not asked for. Obama was given the Nobel prize and you are asking for it for trump like it some kind of gift.
He fully deserves the peace of  prize... I totally agree.
Once they gave a Nobel prize to Obama the prize is not worth the paper it is written on.
Even before and certainly after the NK triumph, POTUS deserves the NPP. Not only should Obummer be stripped of his but should be given an "unnobel, unpeace, cracker jack quality" prize because he certainly earned the latter one!
Wait until hidden agendas are revealed before handing out praise to #45. He is easily flattered and outsmarted by all world leaders. Add easily bribed and blackmailed to previous sentence.
He deserves a lot more besides, just the disrespectful way the American people have treated this good man, is disgraceful. He said he would make America GREAT again and it's happening, without his country's backing. I like D. J. Trump.
I know you're eager to finally give Trump credit for a worthy accomplishment, but maybe just calm down just a bit and see if Kim Jung Un actually dismantles nuclear facility.
Trump is full of hate. No peace award for him! He is dividing his own country ffs!
There is no way he will get any award!  The peace prize will be shared by the dictator of NOKO, the president of SOKO, Obama and Kerry.
Obama did NOTHING and got it TRUMP is on the verge of signing the biggest peace deal of our time ! Lets see if this stays fair .....
Trump did nothing but act like a child on the world stage and insult an unstable nuclear power.  This victory belongs to South Korea, not fox news’ cult leader.
Love that opinion because it is true!!
After? Nothing's happened yet. Chill
Yep I’ve found it. The most idiotic opinion of all time. 
Why can’t it simply be that Trump gets his Nobel if deserving, and leave it at that. No need to take anything away from anybody. Nobel Peace Prize isn’t a zero sum game. The assertion makes the commentator sound like a schoolyard brat.
Kim jong un should get one too.
Another desperate attempt being promoted by StateMedia for a narcissistic demagogue to get attention.
I didn’t realize name calling was such an effective deal making strategy.
Watch how Korea unites and then blames the USA for  that stupid Korean War, we should never have been imvolnned in that peninsula. As long as we still try to act as an empire, our tax money will be waisted on stupid adventure wars the  GOP.
Fox & Friends can give him 1. A joke
No he doesn't. The South Korean leader Moon does.

This was a fantastic accomplishment.


Absolutely!! This was a historic meeting! Obama got a Nobel for doing NOTHING!
shut up.
No he does not.
If the libs are pressured enough to offer Trump a nobel peace prize, i hope, he turns it down. He deserves a greater award. After all, obumba was given the npp. Trump shouldn't lower himself to odumbo's standards. #MAGA
What “triumph”?
AMEN
You mean the pee prize, right?
To early to tell if he’ll end up with a Nobel peace prize or a or eating a large shit sandwich  only time will tell !

BS.
We all have an opinion.
Fox News Opinion is peak "independent thought"
lol
Blah blah blah, the Republican Party is in a downward spiral
No, we should all thank Obama. If not because of useless Obama's incompetency for 8 years that got Trump elected, we will never have this day. We also need to thank CNN for helping Trump win during the GOP primaries! #MAGA
You serious?
I didn't realize Trump and Obama were both up for the same award. Thanks for the heads up.
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahah
If they gave this prize to Obama, for nothing!!
Really, what is their opinion worth??
Nope.... South Korea's new and changed leadership!
Well this makes perfect sense: take Obama's Nobel and give it to @POTUS, that way we won't have to wait until December.
Why on earth an American sitting president begging for an European jury medal 
#NobelPrizeforTrump
Fact
Hey Fox News, is it hard licking trump    24/7?

He deserves it way more than Obama!!
Jajaja u make me laughs with so many stupidity’s

Lol sure ..

Hell Obama already spend that money in his house in Hawaii
Not!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Obama received it because of his colour , no other reason.
He will never get the Nobel Peace Prize. His picture in the world doesn’t stand for anything good. He is seen as an idiot, Nazi or Rassit...none of them is good. Maybe Moon will get the prize or the real player XI but Trump will never get it.
The supporter of the kid killer regims,such as Israel,Saudi Arabia and... never deserves Noble Peace Prize.whether he is being Obama,Trump or other one.

Obama set the precedent for winning the Prize. Trump FAR exceeded that precedent!

The only thing TRUMP deserves is a kick in the ass!!
Yes the guy used bully techniques and lies to talk to North Korea. A bit early on the award. Not sure his ego could handle that one
Who are you kidding?  More likely to go to Slim Jong Un.
Not!!
Neither deserve it!
No
....And the white trash crowd was chanting "no bell , no bell..."
How can Trump deserve a Noble Peace Prize after N. Korea went to Russia and China before meeting US. Or he deserves it after his crazy mind became normal. If you say Moon and Xi deserve Noble Peace Prize I would have understand. This Trump did a military drill in S. Korea
What he really deserves is a fair trial to determine to what extent he’s committed treason and then to also have fair sentencing once he is convicted.
Hannity is going to jail.
Little early to be bringing out the champagne. Not to be negative but we did have a treaty in 1994 one we kinda failed at on our part...
Our President deserves the Nobel Peace Prize! He made an excellent work! for the peace of the world.Excellent work!
peace prize aside; is there a single person who thinks this korea development would be happening if hilliary would have been elected.. bueller, bueller..
Can you really imagine that they will give credit for him for this tremendous acomplishment?
Take Obama’s and give it to TRUMP
No, all these prizes are bullshit anyway.
I would not be fast to award a Nobel Peace Prize, because no one knows what #Trump could be thinking tomorrow. It wouldn't be farfetched to think that he can backtrack, and start sending tweets abusing #NorthKorea. Maybe we wait until he is out of the White House to be sure.
lol..
Can’t do that. It doesn’t fit the narrative
WHY did Obama get a Nobel???
Go ask your mom
Can President Trump also ask India  & Pakistan  to have this region as NUCLEAR FREE.
But Obama is entitled isn’t he???
DONALD TRUMP    DID WELL  BUT IT'S TO SOON TO CELEBRATE I THINK ANYTHING CAN HAPPEN  BETWEEN NOW AND THE NEXT 3 YEARS
He absolutely does deserve it. He probably won't get it though. 
That's okay. We the people know the difference between man who got the Nobel participation trophy and the man who earned the NPP.
Let's keep our eye on the goal, the complete removal of NK's nuclear and ICBM programs.  After that, we can discuss medals...
Well deserved
