2000 & 2007, anyone?
Little too soon to be celebrating.
Why is the guy on the left turned staring at the building? Lol
Ohhhh
You haven’t been objective since he took office, you’ve been his lap dog and agreed publicly with virtually everything he’s done, good or bad
Let's be fair, maybe Graham means historically terrible.
We need to vote your little ass out of office. I hear they are hiring at the White House. All you need to do is shovel shit out of the Oval Office
You’re the shit that needs to be shoveled!!!
Why so angry? I wonder if one of 3 teeth is hurting today. Is that problem?
*horrific not historic
Historically horrific 
Sparking the end to the Korean War is horrific? 
Warmongers, no longer being silent!
Lol, ok if that helps you, go ahead.  He also “sparked” an investigation by a guy named Mr. Mueller,... so maybe best to wait for results before puking praise in his direction.
He didn't spark that. You need to get your facts straight. That was sparked by a false dossier. 

South Korea is giving Trump credit for bringing North Korea to the negotiating table. What do you know that they don't?
SK knows how to manipulate a narcissist.  I’m sorry they keep lying to you. I know it hurts on the inside. Be strong and vote D!
You mean "be dumb and vote D".
Great argument! -except we believe in facts and you believe in Trump 
Graham is a ping pong ball.,, one minute @realDonaldTrump is a villain, the next @realDonaldTrump is brilliant.  Graham is pathetic
“Historic” is not necessarily positive. - By any objective measure, what Adolf Hitler has done is historic.
right?
And Graham’s the guy that said, “Trump will never be President.”
He’s still acts like a butthurt two faced 10 yr old. I cannot stand Lindsay graham and I hope he’s voted out in his next election. Trump probably got his ass elected last time
They traded insults and threats and then compared the size of their buttons.
Now we just need Sarah Huckabee Sanders to tell us that Trumps was “Yuge!”, “The biggest that anyone has seen!”

Trump didn't do shit
Nothing has been achieved . . . Yet. They’ve come together, signed an agreement. They’ve done it before. As the pictures below show. How about we wait until we have verifiable facts about denuclearization before we start celebrating. We’ve been here before
Dear, sweet cheerleader Lindsey. Kim has met 2 national leaders, and neither of them was Trump. The Koreas might “end” a war that effectively ended decades ago. NoKo has neither denuclearized nor agreed to yet.

Let’s hold off on the breathless praise for a bit, eh?
I don't understand how bashing trump by news medias over everything helps things though. this only proves that today's news media are disgustingly and dangerously biased towards their own interest rather than the people's right to have facts and news.
So laughable all the comments on this thread, liberals just can't stand it can they!  So funny!
流离 #evilCCP In the history of mankind, no country could rise in the tears and curses of its own nationals, and no country can win the respect of the international community by trampling on its own human rights！
I’m at an absolute loss how this whole situation Trump has created with North Korea can be spun to a negative
He didn't do shit.
What do you mean he didnt do anything???...the korean war has been going on for 70 years and Trump finally got through the thick skull of Kim Jung Un that hes not going to win and now he is meeting with many leaders around the world
Thank you....China
You dont think that China cutting off most trade with North Korea had anything to do with Trump putting pressure on them and calling them out
Thank God China ended the Korean war
So you are just one of those people who wont give our president any credit for anything...he could find a cure to all cancers tomorrow and you would find a way to make it a negative
He is trash
Nobel Prize for Xi of China.  trump would suggest the prize is “beneath him” so let’s just give it to the person that deserves it.  Xi
I heartily disagree. Drumpf is slavering for the Nobel Peace Prize. Obama has one, so Drumpf MUST get one. Remember his awful conceit when the veteran gave him his purple heart? I agree he should be denied. Achieving peace should win them for both Moon and Kim. Maybe China.
I hope when you’re calling bullshit you’re doing that in the mirror. In case you didn’t notice dumb shit Kim Jong Un  firing missiles not three months ago six months ago. His demeanor has changed after trumps abuse. Peace through strength.
Achieving peace would be a milestone. I don’t conflate it with denuclearization as, apparently, you do. Kim’s demeanor has changed because he has what he needs for now, and now must execute from the DRNK playbook to get sanctions removed. He’ll never let his people be free.
And now your conflating peace with freedom. None of the other countries of this world are ready for the freedom that the American people have. That’s why they have no idea what it means or stand up to cherish and respect it. Americans won’t flee They fight.
Hey buddy did you catch the headline Kim Jong on agrees to give up nukes if America promises not to invade. So I guess kind a submarined your tweet Huh.
Sorry, Faux-Noise believer. They will never give up their nukes. They are the only bargaining chip they have. They have only said they will stop testing AT THEIR MAIN FACILITY. Because they now have their little stockpile. And Donnie is eating right out of Kim’s hand.

He’s right. No other president has been as corrupt and morally disgusting in history
No but what Moon Jae-in has done is. The South Korean President ran on peace in Korea and he is doing all the diplomacy and efforts to make make it happen. Trump has done nothing but agree to meet without any conditions.
It is historic that such a fucking moron managed to stay in the office this long. #ImpeachTrump
Another spineless republican who chooses free golf over country.

Historic
Well, I guess rewarding a rogue state for developing a nuclear force by giving them a summit is historic
Trump has done nothing.
Lies lies lies lies lies lies
He has done nothing! The Koreans have done this themselves! And maybe some help from China.

NK's mountain falls apart, they surrender, and Trump is a hero???? How idiotic is that??!
Donald Trump didn't "do" anything. He just insulted an unstable dictator on twitter and pushed all the work on China, as with his daughter's clothing lines.

Graham acknowledges The EXECUTIVE branch of Government, led by President Trump is the only branch getting results for the American People. The legislative is full of obstructionists socialists, and the judiciary is full of "favoritism & corruption"
I hope we can denuclearize the Korean Peninsula but why spike the football at the 10 yard line?

Now your going to give Trump credit for bringing 2 Countries together that actually was One long ago.  Yet he's causing Chaos and division in This Country,  are you F..ing Kidding me. N.K is out of $$ the people would have starved, the N&S didn't work something out. Benefits them
Graham, you've turned into a conspiracy theorist only to cover for the most corrupt POTUS in Americam history. 

This won't turn out well for you OR Trump.  Count on that.
Objective?  Fox News and objective?
Why did Graham vote to protect Mueller? Ask the question. He saying the entire thing stinks, but protects it?
No more SC, do your job. Get rid of this one and prosecute those who did this. Why do we need a SC to do the DOJs job?

#FridayFeelings  I'd much rather live next door to a loving immigrant family, with or without documents, than a white supremacist. 
Really ? Graham doesn’t trust Comey but he trusts this treasonous lying con of a president Trump — that he even called a kook — really ???

Historically criminal

Why the FUCK do you keep comparing yourself to Obama, you vacuous, jealous, spiteful, hateful gasbag? Hillary and Obama rent much of what little space you have in that rotting, diseased brain of yours.
Either you like it or not, #PresidentTrump is the best president ever since I was born!!!! Mellenial here but Id give credit to him for Korea stuff!!!!
Boy stop lyingYou can't even spell Millenial
Oh spelling police..hahahah that's all you've got?geeeee
Hahaha....h? Spelling police here. I'm gonna have to cite you for that missing "a" sir. This is getting out of hand (Calls for grammar police backup)
Trump has done less for peace in his own country than the “nth” he gave to the Koreas. Can we just quit this “historic” talk. He golfs and watches TV.
My President 
No @POTUS in American history has ever committed treason in the oval office. Until @realDonaldTrump. Historic.
Trump has been doing an amazing job! Imagine what good he could've already accomplished without the non stop liberal lies and harrasment. Trump in 2020!
He is a blow hard most of the time! Right this time!
Historic isn’t necessarily good-what Hitler, Stalin and Mao among many others did things that are historic
Oh, it'll be recorded in history alright.  The man who tried to destroy America and the political hacks that helped him.
Fake Fox News
I agree with Graham on this line, but he's a frekin Hypocrite! He blasted Trump and cut him down on multiple occasions. Now that Trump actually Is making a difference, Lindsey's hiding his past rhetoric and pathetic historical narrative with open support but NO apologies.
Yes CORP AMERICA has 25 trillion in assets and pays less in taxes to the Defince of DEMOCRACY & CAPITALISM than many  COOPERATE BOARDSmake in a year
This guy and his buddy in AZ are nothing but huge back stabers can't believe anything they say. They will say the opposite next week or less.
No - he has done nothing. You need to take a breath, remove your nose from his backside and just wait while NK reneges entirely
By a subjective measure he has done nothing but rape that poor woman..
Yes. And to get to where we are today, most of America likely dodged a bullet. Remember what happened in Hawaii, when they thought a Korean Missile had been launched? Because of all The Crazy Trump Rhetoric with NK? Hawaiians lived through that scare. We all felt that Nervous.
#FakeNewsFox  spamming #lies in #twitter hasn’t done anything but divide our country and the world
Please explain. What has he done NOW that is historic?He hasn’t met with Kim Jong  UN yet. If he doesn’t get what he thinks is right he’ll walk out of the meeting. His words! I think the praising of him now is way to soon. Remember who the president is & how he changes his mind.
So is what Hitler did.
Lindsay is looking for something trust me
Yes it is so much stupidity has never come out of the white house
Dude, Kim destroyed his own nuclear test site, collapsing the mountain and possibly sending radioactive fallout clouds over China, who told him in no uncertain terms to knock it the hell off.
As far as historic, we've never had a more corrupt administration than Trump's.
Agree 1000%. He’s totally fucked up this country.
trump didn't do anything. Stop lying. All credit goes to china n leader of N.Korea for peace
Bad history.
True enough.  No other president in history has had a complete disregard for facts and truth.  That's historic alright.
What are all you liberals going to do when Mueller exonerates Trump?
Any objective measure? The amount of times StateMedia kisses Trump's ass? OK, I believe that.
Nothing has been accomplished yet other than a lot of talk. Smug Lindsey Graham is an irrelevant political bed wetter.
I support him all the way
Well, this is true, for good, for ill and as a truism. So...not exactly making much of a point.
Stooge #TrumpPropaganda

President Moon deserves credit for this, if it really happens.
Perhaps President Xi Jinping of China & Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan deserve credit for assisting with the process. 
Trump deserves no credit for his Rocketman tweets.
Tweeting "Little Rocketman " is historic?  Trump's getting played, Bigly.
Done?
He has not done anything yet, other then name calling.
the combination of fox and the word objective is always funny
Oh, he's "historic" alright.
You’ve got to wonder what dirt Trump has on @LindseyGrahamSC.  Obviously it huge
Exactly what you advised Trump to do, and we appear to be in a much better place for it.
Lindsey Graham has lost any semblance of intelligence


He hasn't done anything. NK said mission accomplished - nuked are developed and tested.
Yes it is historic to have a Corrine criminal for a president
So, basically Lindsey is saying trump is out crayn’ Kim.
BUT.... Will he be recognized for all the amazing things he's accomplished in 16 months? He deserves the Nobel Peace Prize!!!
Bot. @TwitterSupport
I'm not a bot! I just joined.... 
Excellent-
Oh it’s historic alright but so was the plague. A real President will need to fix this fiscal mess you clowns are creating.
Yep, he's a historic ass.
Trump didn't "do" anything. The leaders of North & South Korea have agreed - in theory - to end the war and disarm. Had nothing to do with Donnie...but he'll take credit for it because he's a tiny, fragile man-baby. Sad. #FauxNews
Yeah. If you listen closely, you can hear Benedict Arnold breathing a sigh of relief.
Too bad he hasn't started a war. That's what you really lust for, right, Senator?
It’s already been blown up. Not sure they have much to do.
So you don’t think other presidents have screwed porn stars without wearing a condom?
True. Historically horrible. You are too, BTW. Total embarrassment.
Little do they know NK had a nuke disaster.
In what way and size ?
He will make a laughing stock of Trump!  South Korean President should get any and all credit
If you truly believe Pres. Trump is doing history making accomplishments for America,  please get those Rinos behind him now. Everyone doesn't have to agree on everything but they must stand TOGETHER BEHIND TRUMP!
Mr. Graham realizes that he is smarter and safer on the TRUMP Train. Good stuff is happening!!
I don’t listen to Lindsey graham anymore
Get Mueller offpayroll so Trump can clean up Os mess
GOP would b gone if not 4Trump
Don’t donate till Muellers GONE
Just more political propaganda and lies
Wish they would go ahead and tell what trump has on Lindsey, it wouldn't be a surprise in SC. Then he could turn on him.
Awarded for outstanding contributions in peace.
Only on Fox,  Shame on you another Fake Christian living in a Mansion looking down at the Peasants who continually fill his coffers. Despicable behavior from a " CHRISTIAN" Judgement isnt far away from you. Horrible No Bipartisanship at all.
He‘s so in love they should adopt @EmmanuelMacron
indeed! I never thought I'd see the day when a POTUS would make such a mockery of the office.
It certainly is, #spinelessGOP.
He’s racist, yes, very historic
TRUMP: Are there any Hispanics in the room?

[crowd boos]…
He's still a kook though, right @LindseyGrahamSC?  So now NK has nukes that can reach US, his testing ground is kaput and Kim is coming to the table from a strong position.  Let's hope beyond realistic hope that Kim will denuke....
SYCOPHANT
He hasn't done a damn thing  yet and you are howling like jackals...
Lindsey! Y don't U go on CNN, ABC, NBC, MSNBC &CBS &say THAT? those networks have been whitewashing the significance so much we don't see it
Indeed, historically horrific.
Yes, colluding with a foreign power to win an election is truly historic.
When there’s a deal you can say that ! You’re all bluster . Show me the $ then talk. Walk the walk & shut the hell up . What a joke
What happened to Lindsey? Seriously, he has completely changed his tune on Trump despite no changes from the Trump side. This alternate reality is so weird. Is he ok?
I don’t trust this punk from South Carolina !
The jury is out whether it's historic or it's going to be hysterical
I see all the anti American #traitors are out in force today.  Keep hoping for the destruction of America.  All relying on a Soros funded organization @cnn.  Let the the fun begin cause I know atleast one #Traitor will say something.

Lie, cheat, bluster, and bully his way through his first term as President?

Thoughts and prayers to everyone offended by the #WHCD tonight.

You really shouldn’t be offended though...Michelle Wolf’s takedown of  Sarah Huckabee Sanders was nothing but locker room talk.
Normally, I can't stand to listen to Graham but he is right on this one. If the Nobel Peace Prize had it's integrity back I would say Trump should receive it but, after it was given to Obama, " for what I don't know ", it would only belittle the greatness of  Trump!
Mr. Opportunist. He turns with the wind. Pathetic
Well it *is* historically bad....
Yeah he's done it alright
A TRUMP SUPPORTER
true, historic
You could say that.
@realDonaldTrump
I'm sure Kim Jung Un is loving this gushing praise and chants of 'Nobel' while he has given us nothing and proven nothing in regards to his sincerity. The GOP is so eager for a 'win' they don't take necessary steps to do things right. No wonder they deny science.

No thanks to @LindseyGrahamSC ; Stop trying to topple the Presidents agenda by constantly attacking him over justified criticism of the Special Counsel. . .
#genocide historic
Exactly, "objective measure" being the key phrase here. The left is absolutely unable/unwilling to be objective with anything pertaining to @POTUS and that is the bottom line. Don't like the President, but be honest in assessing what he has done.
He is only part if it.
You can bet your last dollar that North Korea will do what China wishes not what the USA wants as their defence will pŕotect them
It’s almost like Obama wasn’t even doing anything for 8 years besides spying on people
True. Said with typical ambiguity by LG
Well, yes.... he’s the first President to live tweet childish nicknames at foreign leaders.
If you call bluff, bluster, buffoonery, ignorance, racism, misogyny, and dividing a nation historic, he done a phenomenal job as a National Embarrassment!!!!
Trump is a first.
   First non military President.
   First non politician President.
First to tell a loser that they are a Loser.
All you losers... your fired. With no pay.
It will make the history books
Historically fucking awful.
Definitely.

No other person in modern history has become president of the USA without first being vetted through his tax returns...

@realDonaldTrump is certainly making history...

@FoxNews - working night and day to undermine American democracy
Imagine where we could be @LindseyGrahamSC  if you weren’t an obstructionist and actually supported @realDonaldTrump agenda.
@realDonaldTrump
LG has flown over the cuckoos nest
We fools if we take them for their word.


Is he like the only senator?  Why must we see and hear him on every issue,every day?
@realDonaldTrump
No POTUS has been able to get so many to ignore obvious degeneracy in spite of national embarrassment
China is responsible for ending the Korean War......Period!
T
Quite a bit of what Trump has done is historic; what President freaking tweets? He is the US President, really? That’s just one thing; Twitter doesn’t have enough space for me to go into all the others.
good is what ends well, some say ... Good actions, China's role, geopolitically speaking, in the region was also crucial.

Even monkeys throwing poop in a cage can hit a bullseye every now and then. It doesn’t make them marksmen.
He's been an unstable asshole and if by being insane something positive come out of it doesn't make it less dangerous that he is INSANE. A broken clock is right twice a day.
When will we see indictments and who has the authority to close down the Mueller case?
This  guy changes like the wind. One day he pretend he’s tough .. the next he’s boot licking.
Does that include making love to an adult film actress Stormy Daniels and fantasizing about his own daughter Ivanka?
Ask Lindsey why he is a war monger
