Denile, discrediting, lieing, collusion, all the same at the end of the day! No morals, no character, no culture. Take your pick for your Trump?
Fox “news” is where we proclaim obstruction of justice should have happened sooner!
Lesson learned. Bring in your own team if you have ANY doubt about them.
When a nation is ruled by a minority like now you have a dictator in charge.
The more Comey does interviews, the more I’m convinced that he’s where he should be. What a forked tongue he has.
What most libs don’t get is that Hillary would have fired him on Inauguration Day.
The issue isn't the firing, this issue is why he was fired and whether or not it was obstruction of justice. That could not have been the case for Hillary, because she was no longer under investigation. If she was and fired him, it would also be obstruction in her case.
The POTUS does not need a reason. He has the power to fire the FBI Director. He should have done it on Inauguration Day.
Now if his ass wud just get fired
#WE VOTE
Agreed

ACTIONS TAKEN BY TRUMP'S CAMPAIGN IN FURTHERANCE OF A CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY

* Don taking the Kremlin's Magnitsky sanctions request to Trump…
So what You are Saying, in a Shady sounding way, is, When in Life someone believes Your Actions, Requests, Associates scream Questionable and Possibly Smacks of Wrong Doing...FIRE THEM STAT !  Before they can DIG ANY DEEPER. 'Bout sums it up, no?
Let's see. Comey= long distinguished career in public service spanning 3 presidents from both partys. Trump= long career in self service. No brainer.
More propaganda and lies, trying to cause more chaos.
So right in what way? What was the basis and reason for the firing? How do you know for certain it wasn't obstruction - oh you don't!
Right fired Comey & told Russians & Lester Holt it was to stop the Russian investigation can you say OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE? Comey & Russia made Trump President by re opening the Hillary investigation right before the election &Trump turned on him. He should stop turning on FBI.
HE SHOULD BE ARRES5ED, TRIED, & IN JAIL RIGHT NOW!!

Comet should thank the President, He would have been found commiting suicide if Hillary had won!!!
Should have been day 1 when Killary was going to do it. But still would not have mattered. 

Killary fires Comey-- Best thing President could have done.
President Trump fires Comey--- obstruction of justice. 

??????
Either way Trump would have recieved grief but he should have been fired in January however becuz Trump didnt look how the left exposed the corruption inthe FBI and NSA
Is everyone scared of @Comey... why would you go after a man with no future? I guess that's what Republicans do most of the time
Presumably Trump wanted him under IG observation for a period to ensure that when he goes down, the evidence against him is so overwhelming, he stays down.

@realDonaldTrump should be fired. Just settled a $25 million dollar lawsuit. The most corrupt person to ever hold office. Looking forward to his impeachment

Or a leaker..... @MZHemingway @JamesComeyFBI
Go after trump
Have you been living under a rock, Pal?
What kind of a rock do you live under
After the firing why did trump obstruct justice. Nixon didn't break in watergate but he did obstruct.

กูว่าพวกมันอยากตายหายไปจากโลกมากกว่าพวฃี้อิจฉา@FoxNews
If you work hard enough Tom you might be lucky enough to get a job in this administration. LMAO
Day 1
You’re right CLCRichmond...this is an old forecast  This is starting to remind me of the blaring propaganda garbage that North Korea used to blare across the DMZ at South Korea. 

Repeat the same crap enough (like Trump) and people will start to believe it, right? 
It's sad that FOX gives these lunatic fringe whackadoodles a platform and some people are so gullible the don't realize how ridiculous he is.
Had Obama fired Comey after the election, GOP would have screamed bloody murder. Trump's first action as President would have been to reinstate him. Ironic, isn't it?
Don't agree or disagree with your comment (about Comey or most others for that matter) All irrelevant to the main problem and who should be fired asap. That would be our "non-leader" irresponsibly elected by desperation and only bad choices - real leaders failing to run.
This was more than enough reason
Fitton is a joke....obstruction isn't
He also said he was firing him because of how he treated Hillary. Which during the campaign he said finally he was doing something right. Hypocrisy is the new Republican!
He was kissing his ass, praising him in the Oval Office just a couple of weeks earlier you stooge!!
POTUS does not have a right to commit Obstruction of Justice.
It's not obstruction, when he exercises his rights and duties set forth by the constitution or law. Trump chooses not comey. #MAGA
#TrumpRussia 
#TrumpTowerTreason 
#PutinsPuppet 
#FakePOTUS 
#FakePresident
Maybe yes or no.  Maybe for another reason or this or that.  But the actual REASON @realDonaldTrump fired him—to obstruct justice in the investigation into his #treason for Russia—is why it’s a big deal. #resist #impeach #25a #resign
This very, very old news.  I am totally convinced Fox just shows reruns.
why hasn’t he been arrested?
Trump is known as moth-eaten gathering of primitive weeping sores
