This guy is bipolar... he has to be. What other explanation is there for his contradictory speech... what happened to OMG TRUMP IS GONNA START A TRADE WAR AND WWIII?
I watched. Don’t assume what you don’t know. This guy is all over the place. From taking a hammer to his phone to verbally chastising the President. You have to actually comprehend what I am saying is regarding the big picture not this one article or subject.
Wow.its good to finally see@LindseyGraham supporting  @POTUS ! The shackles must have been broken! God Bless him #QAnon #ReleaseTheTexts #Unredacted
He’s still a Rhino.
Yes, but maybe he’s changing?
President Trump has kept his promise to stand up to China! #AmericaFirst
please no more airtime for that rino
Lindsey is playing the crowd. He is a RINO but keeps enough ties to Trump to swing uninformed conservatives. He flops more than a fish on land.  #MAGA
Don’t the trumps manufacture their crappy merchandise in china using child labor?
You do realize nafta made a lot of manufacturing companies leave USA , didn’t you? A lot of companies folded. Maybe now, companies can return. And start opening plants here, in the USA.
If you’re so appreciative, go onto the floor and demand that his administration positions be filled immediately and start supporting his complete agenda. You know, like you would have expected had you become President.
You are losing your seat in 2020, we have had enough of your RINO nonsense Lindsey
Lindsey, here we are again. What the hell do they have on you?
Before he gives Trump credit for NoKo, Kim killed his half-brother & uncle. Trust nothing he says about dismantling his brand-new nukes
@realDonaldTrump
No one cares what 1% has to say.
To bad Lindsey is such an obstructionist but he loves his celebrity status
The thing I am worried about is the import taxes hitting small business and middle class America through higher prices from Walmart to Amazon. Taxes cause our Walmart bill to go up $20 a month could make or break some families.
@realDonaldTrump
@LindseyGrahamSC , sounds like your looking to join this corrupt administration!
what corrupt administration? THAT administration(finally)left theWH 18 months ago-What U haveNOW is an administration that gets the job done
you mean destroying the environment, 1st class airfare, wasting tax payer dollars!
Wasting tax payer dollars really...i dont see trump spending a 100 million tax dollars to go to kenya...hm
no he spending tax payer $$$ golfingevery weekend! costing more than all of obama trips in a yr and half.
You're so appreciative that you sign on to a bill to embarrass POTUS . A bill to support the special council & prevent his firing even though POTUS said he wasn't going to fire him. You're a "putz"!
Stop lying
Now you love him       Get on your knees he made and continues to make you all look like a terminal case of Erectile Disfunction
But his daughter continues to operate the sweatshops out there. @seanhannity @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump
I think I know why so many democrats really hate President Trump, he is showing them almost on a daily basis how a strong leader leads his nation, a strong very strong one, has not been around for decades
He will turn on trump like a mad dog at the first sign of trouble Mrs Lindsey Graham needs to be voted out of office South Carolina is tired of him I live here and yes I said Mrs Lindsey Graham I got since enough to see her
I do too. He undermined all that when he started acting like a 5 year old on Twitter afterword, amd needlessly made that foreign policy victory more difficult to sustain, but yes, getting China to reign in its buddy was a critical step.
sparky quickly ducked-in 24 yrs&3 POTUSs ago; all was discussed but never come 2 anything-"talk" is all we got-NOW with T we have "RESULTS"!
Just an FYI in regards to China they are replacing America at the table all over the world and we have TRuMP to thank for that.
Graham is a hack.  Trump is a treasonous pervert who belongs in prison.  He doesn't know what he's doing.
blocked B4 I could get this out-please-when did Orwellian Leftists like U worry about taxpayers&1st class air? Mueller witch hunt = wasted $
Trump is not tough at all! He is a weak man.
Says the idiot who portrays himself with a Spider-Man avatar! Just keep your nose in those comic books you’ll learn a mountain of knowledge.
And in the same breath are you willing for the idiot in the EPA and Donald Trump to set up oil rigs all over the South Carolina coast or are you going to sell out again like you did with the tax crap bill
Vomit.

#China is eating our lunch.

13 Russian nationals indicted for meddling in our elections. Guilty pleas from Papadopoulos, Flynn, and Gates. Manafort soon to fall. Thanks to Mueller. Who's next? Trump, Trump JR, Bannon, Kushner, and COHEN!
I hope hes ready to lose that seat!!! For cosigning on this trainwreck of a government! #BlueWave
It’s terrible when you feel like you are being torn apart by two opposite forces. 
The operative phrase is “torn apart”.
Best show on Sunday - bar none..
@LindseyGrahamSC was good today, all giggles and all
California got Erin Cruz S.C. needs help f**king bad!!;
Seeing Maria have s tizzy fit over a comedian at Trumpd State media FBN is hilarious! Maria was booted out MSNBC now a Trump touter that is mad at a comedian but  Trumps raunchy tweets that insult people !
Golden showers and puss* grabbing is ok for Conservatives. Look at the orangutan in the oval office, where do you think he got his color. Amen
Oh yeah, China gets and squeeze from Trump until Ivanka gets her products on sweat shop price and they get to invest on Jared visa-for-sale and Donnie’s real estate scam.
What a ridiculous thought! I am so positive #45 and family get nothing from their TOUGH dealings with China! What are they getting from both Koreas? hopefully not getting China and us bombed!
Trump and US will lose the trade war with China.
Whoever built US, now building China to replace US.
After last night WH press disgrace We r leaving the Democrap party. That’s what my family thinks of what happened to Sarah. We
Voted Trump but remained Dems. That’s it.

And the president's daughter
I'm just reading the labels.
So Trump can also go to China... after Nixon... Just hope then "Russiagate" is not Watergate......!
Hummm traitor McCain is not going to share his Soros loot with you Mr...
Thank God we have Trump to stand up for America
Yes, you like a tough man, don't you?
thượng đế quái chỉ yếu đuối.
Do also appreciate his clear racism?
TRUMP: Are there any Hispanics in the room?

[crowd boos]…
Awarded for outstanding contributions in peace.
Xi for Nobel Prize!  May as well give it the the guy who earned it.  

We can give trump a box of condoms. He earned them.
Those should have been given to his father.
Hah. Flip-flopping on currency manipulation... Threatening sanctions and following through on a fraction...
Lindsey Graham = a professional when it comes to the "flip-flop"
There is nothing presidential about Dictator Donald Tyrant Trump. The Pus*y Grabber.
Shut up. Nobody cares what a #Swampcreature like you has to say. #Neocon
Sayin nice things must be in the doghouse! You are with me!
Lindsey are you serious
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump
Thank You Sir
@realDonaldTrump
FOX News is FAKE News
NO; it's not- NOW; can we have a thoughtful discussion or do U just want 2continue emoting thoughtless & leftist bumper sticker statements?

your point?
