With #Obama it was all about "me". With President #Trump he is humble enough to include everyone. Huge difference. #MAGA

He forgot to say "this much golfing"... Nobody has done this much golfing

Didn't Obama become President in 2008? 
So Misty President went to a political rally in Washington, Michigan instead of a traditional appearance at the WH Correspondents Dinner. Is that like going to a Moscow state dinner instead of answering a subpoena by the Mueller investigation? Your apartment in Moscow is ready.
That’s right. Every every other president loved this beautiful USA. You ruined the USA and you have divided everyone . Congratulations
Sorry Jules. Barry Obama was the divider in chief.
I disagree. Loved working for President Obama
No accounting for taste. I thought he was phone and shallow. More concerned with his legacy than working to improve everyone's lot.
Bot
Trump walks in Obama's shadow. 
#sad


Don't bring others into your CRIME RING 45 !!!! 
# THE NEW MOB !!!!
Thank You for Everything President Trump! God Bless You! We Love You ! - The American Patriots 
Yes, thank you for educating us on the cost of keeping someone quiet, and the details of your infidelities, and how you just grab women by the pu$$y, and how you feel about women, minorities, immigrants, and how to lie incessantly and get away with it!
Bullshit
Not!
What exactly has he done?
Lowered your taxes. Fighting for your sovereignty from unelected bureaucrats dictating policy in the United States. Fixing the corrupt VA. Bringing factories back to the United States. Black unemployment lowest on record ever. But you won't see any of that if you watch the msm..
He hasn't done any of that ... any benefits to unemployment are a result of Obama's policies ... bless your heart! You fell for the propaganda! Enjoy the ballooning debt from that tax scam!
Don’t feed el jefe he is just a typical troll. Tough guy in the keyboard.  Still living in moms basement
Nah actually I live in my own house in liberal Cali and I actually have a job! I don't believe in a welfare state. I don't believe in free handouts by the government. Liberal policies have destroyed this state. But we're fighting back.

How do we know what's in obummer's past? 
It's all been sealed! 

You don't hide a bunch of NOTHINGS!
You’re a birther eh?

Yes our President is very wise, perfect no but, good for our country and the countries  of the world!  Our President is not an isolationist!  Look directly at the North Korean situation!  He is in the driver's seat!  DEMOCRATS are still in shock!
Done...WHAT? Give your billionaire friends a huge tax cut? Play golf on the taxpayer's tab? Wage schoolyard diplomacy with childish taunts? Seriously, help us out.
But, to be honest it was more the President who did it  than the President's supporters. Really. And about him more than them ,too.  But it as nice of him to mention them. He hopes they appreciate it.
This presidency is just comical at this point.
Keep spewing his BS, FOX. You are America’s Propagandist Network.
Like CNN is not!  Funny!
With all of his accomplishments he can play all of the golf he wants!  #Winning #MAGA2020
Golf is all he’s accomplished
A bot who doesn't have any facts....hmm
These Days are Yours & Mine
#HappyDays

Follow @RealErinCruz 
#ErinCruzUSSenateCA 
http://VoteErinCruz.com 
What have you done except play golf, fire anyone who disagrees with you, and undo everything Obama did.
You got THAT right! You've brought this country down and divided faster than any president in history...
Unfortunately we includes Dr menghle2??????????
And don't forget this accomplishment: the biggest budget deficit since 1946!
Than stop talking in the third person
Just keep doing what your doing Me President! @realDonaldTrump
Lying, cheating, tweeting
It's true.
We have ruined America.
Na the people are what make America awesome. So we have a mentally retarded orange and some that follow it but we are still America and we have good ppl in it
Way to make all the #trumptards responsible for your criminal behavior.
Name calling! How unprofessional!  You most be one of those DEMORATs!  LoL
Bullshit
If he means consuming fast food and being full of shit, then he is #1!
Lol 
True! No president has gone through as many staff members as Trump. Congrats!
Or paid so much for sex.
Or told so many provable lies.
Yeah - no one has threatened the republic and lowered the office of President like YOU have in just one year.
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Triggered much?
Ok..
Nice racist meme. How was Charlottesville?
Nunez is the man! Fighting back and the left hates him for that. How pathetic someone that makes a Twitter profile specifically to mock a politician. Says an awful lot. I see all these long stupid Twitter handles at the left uses.  Maybe I should make one up saying lock her up?
What does it say?

Facts don’t care about your feelings
Where is the wall dummy
Already begun in San Diego 
I GOT THE CELL KEY MR.@POTUS 
and He is White Cop
is was to Make Amicra Great.
but  I'm " Alleged Rape Victim 
Sure you know of this Topic 

My Step Dad was a Black Cop in Visalia 
now No Record of Him?
1973 to 2018 RIP Rape Victim i can now live
I pretty sure my name won't be on the subpoena....
FOX and FIENDS- LOL at the state run media #hypocrites #liars The real #fakenews network
That's AWESOME 45, we the ppl have never heard that from a politician b4.

Politicians have always put themselves above the ppl.

Thx 45!!! 
It's wee I know!
We love him! He’s a breath of fresh air. #GreatestPresidentEver
Truman ended WW2 in his first year in office.
I Love POTUS
Destroyed the respect for the position of US President? Bragged about how evil you are? Insulted leaders elected by their citizens and praised despotic authoritarians?

Which of these are you most proud of?
He's right. There's never been another president in our history that has divided our country more by using religion, race, political affiliation , or financial status. Well done #45.
If by that you mean spending 25% of your time golfing, you're right. And it's YOU, not WE
You mean hating ?

Way to English mini hands!
The truth about the US Embassy:
I wouldn’t call one bill as a lot...the judiciary (if you call that an accomplishment) was simply Trump picking off an approved list.
Yeah, he’s better than Abraham Lincoln!
What they are doing:
You did beat Obama at 1 thing ...............
Nobody has done more to create a “disunited US” than this so called President


He sure is right about that...


So fun to watch Trump talk.  Thanks Fox for broadcasting. Tons of people could not get in and they waited all day.
Trump - your face looks like 1960's wall paneling.
You and fox have done nothing but lie and steal money lowest rating President in history
Spent more time at Mar-a-Lago? #FuckTrump
He's definitely talking about golfing.
 how is raising rent on poorest making America great? Read 
HUD preparing rent hike of up to $100 a month for 4.5-million families receiving federal housing assistance, per WashPost

Administration has cut taxes by $7.9K a month for the roughly one…
Who's 'We' paleface?
He is right no one has done nothing in their first year. He is dead on correct.

#fullofshit #waffler
Trump really has no competition when you consider Chuckie and Nancy and the whole DNC have done nothing but sit on their hands and cry Russia. Democrats need to tap into their younger members to step up if they even want a chance.
It's you. The supreme god king
Love it when Trump and his 3 Million $$$ golf weekends cons those 45Cult suckers into thinking he is on their side, LOL .... what chumps
And by “we” I mean “ME!!!”

President is the first President in generations that truly fights for the American people!
And thanks again FoxTrump News!!
You are doing a Great job and following through with your campaign promises!

@hertlife when "we" crashed shit car
#moronsnewsnetwork
Trump is just so silly... What have you done?? U think given the election you stole was done again u think u would be anywhere???
True. You've had the least productive and the most dysfunctional white house than ANY president.
Yes, the mission to make America hate!
We have a messed up society, A president trying to protect and enforce the laws on the books.  Watching CNN ( only tv on here) show the invasion on the border. You made lt to Mexico seek Asylum there. US has enough issues to handle.
But that’s just lies. He’s golf’s too much anyway
So true, nobody has done what you've done. You should feel embarrassed, not proud.

He's not kidding lmfao
Does he mean this “we”

Wow!! This man honestly believes it.
When are you going to quit?
Who's we Putin and the Russians?
Every POTUS should be applauded and appreciated!
There are many ways to solve problems with differing policies 
THE EGOCENTRIC politics and politicians are on the way out!
Extinct dinosaurs  trying to raise monies with radical rhetoric is over 
WE FIRE 
BS!
"I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President"
.
Pavarotti: mi mi mi mi mi
Trump: me me me me me
2the quick exit leftist-Y post a lie? oh yeah; that's right-UR simply another lying Alinskyite Orwellian Leftist Tool&Fool-get a life &MAGA!
I am so proud of Donny. His commitment to inclusion is to be admired. As Donny says it’s not me it’s WE!!! Thank you for your leadership Mr President
Well that was obviously going to be the case that this moron was going to try and take credit, can we see tax returns we are all still waiting,how come bill Crosby gets a guilty verdict, and you have done all sorts and still walking around.
Drumpfy speaking to his dumb base
Is very true that is "we," comrade.
Cool
True, nobody but you/GOP have decimated the environment, destroyed civil liberties, lied and lied and lied, increased the deficit to historic levels, defiled moality/American values... shall I keep going? #TheResistance #FBR #BlueWave2018 #ResignNow #MarchForOurLives #NeverAgain
You really want to say Trump has raised the deficit? Go look at the national debt before and after Obama took office then come talk to me about raising the deficit to historic-levels.
Obama was just like Bush on raising the debt, like Bush on steroids
South Korea President Moon
yes
Technically, that’s true. He’s been involved in more scandals than any president ever, and America is the laughing stock of the world. It would be impressive if it weren’t so sad
#MigrantCrisis
Y we flee from Africa
@realDonaldTrump
@antonioguterres
@CNNFreedom

All we need_
1 Protected #HumanRights
2  #Freedom2Excel
3 Democracy of Brains
NOT fingers
4 UNdenied Opps Jobs Meds edu Justice
5 Rational Visionary Leadership

1_5 denied by
#ANCgov x9y #R2PvsRIP
He’s right.  No one has ever done so much to divide our country and cause such chaos and unrest.  That’s the most truthful comment spewing from his mouth in recent memory.
The chaos and unrest is only in liberal country.  We see what a cesspool you live in those Democratic cities like Chicago.  Your demise means good things for normal Americans.  Trump has saved us from your despicable party.
WE OUR Majesty Donald Trump
that is why i like him
You have restored the voice of the people to our great nation. Most of Congress has forgotten that we are a Democratic Republic government. They think their job is only legislating and not protecting our freedoms. Thank you! @realDonaldTrump #DrainTheSwamp
#narcissism thy name is #Trump
More to do.

Get on with it!

@RealDonaldTrump
@JulianAssange
@Fulcrum__News
@SebGorka
@KimDotcom
@RealJamesWoods
@PrisonPlanet
@RealAlexJones
@JudgeJeanine
@LizCrokin
@Liz_Wheeler
@arrestpodesta
So different than Obama. All you ever heard was "me" and "I".
correct, not done more to improve his golf game at the tax payets expense. And speaking of taxes release your tax returns
Majority of Americans see Trump’s first year in office as a failure, new poll says
No president has done nepotism like him, that's for sure.
Thank you POTUS!
Sign me up I would love to help fight the good fight
We?  I hate golf.
You spelled, 'golfing' wrong.
@realDonaldTrump is the man we needed for a long time to get this country back to where it is suppose to be. Sad that so many on both sides of the isle want to obstruct.
Aaaaaaaaaaargh! Spelling!
Spelling? That's all you have to criticize that post about? Absurdly sad.
I love our beloved President Trump
right, nobody has done so much bs
Funny how white ppl are the experts on how blacks are doing! Imagine if blacks tell White's how they're doing, an it's absolutely wrong
The movement needed a Leader. The  Leader needs the movement. Simple but true!
Just In..
He broke http://Match.com .
it's never "WE" with trump. It is, and always has been, "ME. ME. ME."
except of course when Trump fucks up then it’s “They”
Soon after you said you were 100% responsible for the North South Korea situation....so is it me or is it we?
No Trump you meant ME, but really what have you done, except cause total chaos and ruining our government and country.
Agreed - Nixon & Clinton didn't get impeached until their second terms.
He needs to shut down the state sponsored bullying that the correspondents dinner has become. What happened last night is embarrassing.Sad thing is, 90% of liberals see no problem with it. #LiberalismIsADisease #WHCD don’t talk about a divide in this country when you condone that
All trump he does is bully people
Don't forget a PRAISE GOD TOO.

Hopefully no one will ever again.
Lmao NoBama would have patted himself on the back over and over.
Credit where credit is do. Very kind
Aaaaaaaaaargh! Spelling!
Yes we know how you like people to wee on you!

Correct. You’ve lied on a larger scale than Nixon and you’ve played more golf than all previous presidents. Am I missing anything?
Your wake up call?  You can be mad.  I would've too if my agenda was being dismantled right before my eyes.  Facts are facts. Unless you pay someone to make them up. Like Fusion GPS. How's that Russian thing going?
I agree with Trump 

https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/708045086135881728 …
Really? Just verbal diarrhea quote for everything
Played so much golf?

Nobody will ever golf as much as Hussein.

It's incredible what he has accomplished considering the coup being waged against him by the swamp and their media....Astonishing!! #MAGA
I didn’t know my country was being restored. #americahasalwaysbeengreat

Всё впереди.

Folks need multiple part time jobs in order to pay their rent. Great "job" growth.
Then I take it you oppose corporate welfare, attacks on unions, privatization of public institutions and support living wages, universal healthcare.. otherwise you're just full of shit aren't you?
Now watch the fragile insecure snowflake block me because the truth hurts their feelings and I cursed. lol.
What a load......who buys this malarkey? Really who buys this....it's demonstrably untrue so why would anyone believe it.


Highest administrative turnover rate ever!
Demagogue alert



Remember how everyone was talking about locking up Hillary Clinton and everyone including you and me hated it? Maybe don’t do the same thing they did because right now I can seem why both sides are getting hate, be better than your enemy, that’s how you win this fight.

Will he be giving his financial details ?
Yeah and that's with 100% media collusion. That's Hollywood against him that's the establishment against him and all of the left-wing Maniacs against him.
Make people foolish.
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
[[[ Sessions Turned To A Convicted Fundraiser For Advice On U.S. Attorneys
https://mobile.twitter.com/ohenryhernandez/status/985233352784400384 … ]]]

#OperationDesertStormy
#TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
Yeah keep drinking that mainstream media Kool-Aid..
FOX NEWS IS FAKE NEWS

Murdoch’s Wall Street Journal pulled editorial detailing Trump’s mob ties

https://twitter.com/ohenryhernandez/status/987867622791266305?s=21 …

#TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia
Is he referring to the record amount of golfing?
Yeah time to wakeup
So he hasn’t been golfing?
[[[ Trump unlawfully ordered DOJ to hire former NSC aide
Ezra Cohen-Watnick
https://mobile.twitter.com/ohenryhernandez/status/984163803012055040 … ]]]

#TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia
