Lets face it. Trump builds walls and divides. Highly doubt he would "fix" the Iran deal. Bet he can't even find Iran on a map...
Really??? Trump reputation has been as a builder of disasters.  Trump has failed at bringing America together, he just spreads chaos & fear to divide Americans,that's not a peace maker. It's time Americans woke up to Trump and his administration propaganda.
"Iran Nuclear Deal" is a misnomer, there was no deal, just a carte blanc to Iran along with billions of cash to carry out their agenda.
Unilaterally withdrawing from the Iranian nuke deal would put the US at in a weaker position. We should work with the Europeans and China to put pressure on Iran to expand the scope of the deal. Iran's main export is oil, which goes to the EU and China giving them more Leverage
Trumps no builder. He has failed at bringing America together. He only spreads hatred and fear to divide Americans  hes not a peace maker. South Korean president did this through friendly gestures not rants of war and destruction. It’s time Americans woke up to trumps lies
Coons makes me sick!He has no business changing the Constitution which places coons in a separate branch of government!The legislative branch! A law such as that would be unconstitutional! And unenforceable! Given what we have exposed; why is he so scared? Maybe hiding his role?
We don’t need to “build “ on the God awful Iran Deal. It needs to be ditched.......#MAGA
he should shut down any kind of nuclear building and no deals made - they are a threat to the whole middle east with those weapons - it is another NK waiting to happen
All talk and no action
Well that is the right approach but trump thinks his all important base doesn’t want that so guess what America?
A good builder doesn’t add to a crappy frame or foundation. They tear down and start over. #idiotcontrolnow
Talking points from him ! Same old same old!
Situations use create a Compromised but you just don’t Compromise on Nuclear and Dictatorship Towards Humankind. Plain and Simple
There is no deal Coons. It was a flat out give away by traitor @potus44
If it becomes a Political Approach it will be Dangerous. However if it is a Direct Act Of Change than and only than will President Donald Trumps Proposed Approach Work. It Must be Direct they must be hit where it Hurts the Most. When you use The Political Approach in these
He builds crappy buildings that are catching fire. Not exactly a shinning example
Our POTUS is being politically correct. As such, he will not fire the corrupt Mueller cabal. Also, Our POTUS is being politically correct, when he does not order Sessions to investigate the Clinton/Obuma resistance cabal. Such cabal apparently includes the Muller boondoggle.
대한민국 트위터여러분 !
태극기집회여러분 -대한애국당 "조원진"은 완전 좌파 -즉 더불어민주당으로 보시면 됩니다 -오원춘=#문창극 심복,.
태극기집회여러분 ,박근혜대통령 얘기는 6.13지방선거 끝난후에 [전략적으로]
왜냐하면 문재인이 이용해먹고 있습니다 -빨갱이-민주당[전원]정체 발각을
WITH THE IRAN ISSUE ITS ALL TALK AND NO ACTION!!!
Here's an idea tell Marie to Shhhhhh, because she's up for R.I.C.O, with Kerry and Obamas State Dept.

Former FBI Director James Comey criticized the House Intelligence Committee's Russia investigation, calling it politicized and "a wreck" https://cnn.it/2Fr6GzK  
What a jerk! Time to rid our country of these Traitors!! 44 was an elected terrorist and most of the former administration criminal network, after 9/11 would have been on a list or a deck of cards! Democraps marching with illegals waving another countries flags!! An invading army
Or, just get rid of it!
are u in another world where DEM entraps POTUS or are u forgetting about the constitution re PRES. right to fire anyone in the exec. branch he wants include Mueller
You can't build on top of a pile of Manure.
builders are also good at demolition too 
You mean reputation as a POS..
1— Trump’s Middle East Plan
thread:
https://twitter.com/ohenryhernandez/status/929797319880355840?s=21 …
#TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia
Saudis, Netanyahu, Trump, Kushner, & Putin Stage America’s Attack On Iran

THREAD…
2— Trump’s Middle East Plan
thread:
https://twitter.com/ohenryhernandez/status/929797839529459712?s=21 …
#TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia
When Demons Collaborate
Against America:
"Trump & Qatar"…
What’s to build on?  America got nothing in this deal. It’s obama garbage!
Who trusts this double talking bologna

Many people are saying Trump is a tepidly vile Lutheran
