Nice, undermining democracy and the voting system. Like the autocrat he really want to be.
LOL, just like a damn Democrat to see things backwards. The only thing that 'democracy' has to fear are the progressives and today's Democrats.
Here we go....politics of fear and hate!!! His “state news” just follows him like a puppy!
Look everyone a resistor spewing propaganda!

Fact check:  You have to be a citizen to vote.
Not if you are voting Democrat them it's ok
Sorry to disturb your narrative with facts.
False. 
What is happening is Puerto Ricans who were abandoned by the administration after the hurricane are moving to the mainland. As soon as they become resident in a state their vote is as good as anybody's. And they vote D. So why won't you help PR?
If he doesn't get his wall by November he's never going to get it.
Were you also one of the ones that said he'd never be president?
Democrats used to be for the working blue collar American citizen. Is not one even remotely curious as to why Democrats have thrown away the Black American vote in order to court Hispanics & illegal immigrants? I mean Democrats are all in for illegal immigrants.
Black Americans voted Democrat by a huge margin in the last election. And with good reason. Most, obviously not all, are smart enough to understand that the Republicans are the party of old white men and the rich. Not necessarily in that order.
The citizens that are already here are going to vote for Democrats.

That means after November there will be serious investigations conducted into Fox and its participation in the conspiracy to overthrow the United States government.
Are you naturally that stupid or do you have to practice at it much?
Are you aware that the cameras at your location have been compromised...
They only want the illegals for votes

At the Trump rally: 2,000 people, 221 sets of teeth
Fox News is propaganda trump tv

President Trump has had his eyes open the entire time. He sees exactly what's going on. 

And it's EXACTLY why we voted for him for president!
You voted for him because you were conned. He doesn't have any plans except to make billionaires richer. He relies on emotions, not reason for his support, and those emotions are hatred, fear and anger none of which is justified. He played you like a cheap fiddle.
Go throw rolls of paper towels at them.

In the case of #LilDonnyDuffus...you are a #FuckingMoron.
Illegally, like in the previous election cycle.
What the hell man? 
You still haven't proven the millions you claimed to have voted illegally. So basically you're lying to your followers AGAIN, making a fool of yourself AGAIN planting the seeds of division AGAIN.
That's been their strategy for years. That's why they don't want our laws enforced and said nothing when executive orders are written to break our laws...it's all about the vote, but it backfired in 2016!
They are compromising US citizens health, safety & livlihood in support of garnering illegal votes! It’s an immoral & reprehensible betrayal of America and their Oath of office. Vote them all out!
Immigrants should not vote until fully citizens
A vote for the GOP is a vote for trump’s Russian overlord.
Border crossings are at a 25-year low.
Thanks @realDonaldTrump
Wish I could say he’s wrong but since states like California refuse to let us see their voters rolls we can only assume they’re hiding the fact that illegals are voting in their states.
Dumbest thing ever said. Zero proof, if there were the laziest president ever would be all over that.
"All of these people...pouring across," is really a misrepresentation of events on the ground. Is he getting ready to start telling us how things are rigged in Democrats favor? He's not even trying to be a faithful public servant for all Americans. He's exacerbated US v THEM 
Nuremberg.
Democrats can’t win with Americans. They have to use Russians and illegals.
Considering Hillary won the popular vote and the Russians had to help Trump win the the electoral college vote, you may want to rethink your statement.
Yes they don’t care one bit about Americans, not even about black Americans whose vote they always take for granted. It’s all about illegals, it’s all they talk about other than impeachment.
Is our laziest president ever going golfing again today, wasting more of our money. It’s the only thing he has accomplished.
You shouldn’t get trump mixed up with Obama who was on vacation for 8 years.
Oh I’m sorry. I know the truth hurts. You probably want to thank Obama for turning our economy around for the recession. Lower gas prices. Not sure if you noticed but the gas prices are going up. That will slow the economy down.
Funny man
Dems, the party of illegals, drug dealers, human traffickers, and MS13, great base to vote for!!
If that is the case ask yourself why.
You have no idea how the elections work.
Mr Propaganda Machine!
People know what Trump is about lies, adultery, sleeping with porn stars, wants a wall and us to pay for http://it.Tax  cuts for the rich, cut medicare in his budget, Ordering mission that killed a soldier & then trying to blame Obama. Russia, whats so great about Trump?
Here come the racists!
Surely the glorious president, the stable genius, is confident that his brilliance, charisma and astonishing presidential record will win over all newcomers to vote for him. So what’s the problem?
Democrats:   Vote, impeach, sanitize and disinfect the White House.
Demographics IS destiny
Clearly, @POTUS is the greatest president of all-time. 

I mean, who else could manage to visit Michigan and Washington at the same time? 
Show me the PEE PEE tape and I'll vote for Trump.
More lies from trump. Even claiming they sold the embassy building in London which was actually on a 999 year lease. Don’t trust anything trump says.
Federal judge says there could be an indictment ahead for Trump lawyer Michael Cohen. https://on.msnbc.com/2KmELVx 


The growth of stupidity is astounding.
Thats it President #SnowFlake. Start laying out the excuses now.
Exactly right because the Dems are desperate enough to scrape the bottom of the barrel because they have lost credibility.   They only have liars, leakers, and whatshername.
He's deranged
Why would you post this comment as news? It’s so completely messed up right m so many levels!
After Rev. Jim Jones is done with his speech, he’s going to ask his flock of sheep to join him in a drink. Are they dumb enough to accept?
We need VERIFIED VOTER ID CARD OR GO BACK TO PURPLE THUMB PRINTS!
So if I understand this fucking moron correctly, if you come into the Country illegally, you’re automatically eligible to vote in our elections? Please Fox viewers, before you just agree because numb nuts said it, think about it first.
No, the democrats grant illegals voting rights by giving them licenses and other documents.
Are these the same illegals that company heads smuggled over the border so they wouldn’t have to pay minimum wage or give benefits to? Are those the illegals your talking about? I thought so.
Never mind voting issues, Nobel hopes, etc. The "illegals" are crossing the border en masse right now, but practically nothing is being done about it. Most of the rational Americans are probably tired of all the hoopla about immigration management, including the promised walls.
Proof please.
You already got it. Otherwise, you must be one of the "illegals."
As usual no proof, just some stupid talking points. Keep working on it.
Still don’t get it, pinhead? Adios.
That’s the plan all along. Permanent majority forever
How stupid are you people? Illegal aliens can't vote! All they can do is take really shitty jobs from people who don't want to do those jobs
Poor little donnie, he's so dumb
You have to be a citizen to vote .
In a perfect world illegal immigrants don't get to vote. Illegals tend to live under the radar.
Don't you hate it when foreigners interfere with elections?
Most of them look well fed and well dressed.......



Thanks for the hilariously ironic laugh there.
Racist agitprop...Brought to you by the president of the United States of America...Lies (now with extra racism)
It's time to put a stop to thinking that all immigrants and black people will vote for Democrats. We need more people to speak out  .
You guys want my other predictions for the black revolution for free thought? 

1) Denzel Washington…

The truth isn’t pretty
