I'd like to nominate myself for the Nobel Peace Prize, for bringing together the Romulan and Klingon Empires.

Where do I apply.
  
I think there is "PRISON" in his future for sure.
Not a chance in hell !

No you don't! The two koreans Yh, but not trump!
If it goes well, the press will ignore @realDonaldTrump 's involvement; if it goes pear-shaped, press will blame him. Credit where credit's due. I for 1 am looking forward to welcoming DT to my country.
When it falls apart then trump will run and hide and find someone else to blame right?
They will never give the President anything
He threatened to “totally destroy North Korea” in his first address to the UN, that doesn’t get you a Nobel.
AAAAHHHHHHHH HAHAHAHAHA AAAAHHHHH HAHA HAHA HAHA!!!   Give me a break!!!!  AAAAAHHHHH HAHAHAHAHAHA!
Why? He did nothing, give most of the credit to President of S. Korea, Japan and China POTUS deserves “NONE “!!
No we don't. It has no value. Total garbage. Odumbo got it for being "purdy" lolol
A President who constantly attacks half the country is not Nobel material.
Absolutely under NO circumstances should Trump be associated with an award for peace. He is the king of creating conflict for personal gain
Trump has done more than any other president in 25 years by showing unwavering resolve.
In September 1938, Adolf Hitler was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for the Munich Accords which UK Prime Minister Chamberlain promised would bring Peace in our Time. Less than a year later Hitler started WWII with FAKE GLEIWITZ Incident. Not a path I would emulate

The Koreans talked it out, WITHOUT TRUMP'S HELP. If they give him the prize, which I know they won't, it would DEGRADE the importance of the Nobel Peace Prize. Trump is, NO UNIFIER, and the world sees him as a joke.
Hey, I once stood nearby when a fireman rescued people from a burning building. Do I get a prize?
What exactly do you think is @realDonaldTrump's contribution to the peace talks between NK and SK? And - except for the tweets - how does it differ from what China has contributed?
Trump has already achieved something historic regardless of what Kim Jong Un does in the future. Don't like his gutter mouth, but he deserves credit for getting this far with NK.
De bör i så fall få dela på Nobelpriset--- Kim Sydkoreas President Trump och 
President Putin of Russia som även har pratat med Kim tidigare !!
Wellll the Trump presidency will be remembered in history. Not in a good way for him or the office unfortunately. As for the peace prize, he preaches division, bigotry, war, and isolationism. So, I don’t think so.
What exactly did Trump do? 

The fact that you are trying to start a campaign for Trump to get a Nobel Prize is the lowest form of propaganda I have seen yet.
How insecure you folks are.



I’d NO DOUBT fr.dayOne MrTRUMP would bPRES & oneOf BEST inHistory…already THERE..noDOUBT collusion w/ #Russia #China & OTHERS since Kennedys Strengthened byClintons & Obama ILLEGAL business UNDER Table would b over w/”Mr T”..noDoubt #NKorea…
Asking for a nobel peace prize is not going to get you a nobel peace prize.
Trump is not the deal maker. It was the leaders of south Korea and China who engaged North Korea. Trump will be shut.
Sorry brainwashed lib-bot, that the President’s accomplishment in Korea doesn’t meet your agenda!

This guy is really stupid. It's the Norwegian Nobel Committee who decides who will get the Nobel peace price.
Lol nah lol
Нобелевскую премию в области цирка.
A Nobel for WHAT?  His meeting with N.K. hasn't even taken place yet, we have to know how involved DT was or if this was mostly China Pres and most important they still have the nukes....hold on guys and put on the breaks..what a joke Fox News is
Keep it up Fox. Its very enjoyable watching people go ape shit over the thought of it. It will be even more brilliant if he actually gets the award!
President Trump could broker a unified, denuclearized Korea and I still wouldn’t vot for him because his behavior embarrasses our nation and weakens the institutions that maintain freedom and order.
Wingers are pushing for mentally disabled trump to get the Nobel peace prize, not because he’s earned it but because President Obama received one. We all know trump is obsessed and jealous of President Obama and every accomplishment he’s had.
They don't do a threatening to murder millions prize  #fireandfury

Yes south kirea was goung to war with the us.
That is so dumb it is not even funny. There is a long, long way to go before the noko nukes go away. And then I don't see what Trump did except to make terrifying ignorant remarks about limited war against noko. 
If being scary and dumb wins the prize then, well, yeah..
Trump is the Judas move to try to demolish the right in the political spectrum. The United Nations is an administrator of bankrupt governments, the U.N. is the cause of all the war so nations go bankrupt and fall under its command. the U.N. is a banking tier of global government
Include China in this, as they finally saw how serious our POTUS/entire country is on wanting peace/fair business law.

Trump is known as a septically world-class Gallagher fan
