Meanwhile making women drive 300 miles to get reproductive care is just fine
They shouldn’t be able to drive anywhere to murder their baby, period.
I'm going to guess you support universal access to birth control, cervical cancer screening, breast cancer screening, STD treatment, endometriosis treatment etc for all women, right? To produce more healthy babies that aren't aborted?
She's a highly compensated soulless shill who is not helping any progressive agenda for women.
Just proved her point
Uh, not quite. A woman who helps to push forth DT"S agenda is the opposite of helping women's causes.
Name calling shows your true character. You judge her and think its acceptable to knock her down because you do not agree with her. NOT okay
Mildred thinks she’s going to troll the Fox News feed with vicious unfounded accusations and change the world. Sit down, Mildred.
Well said
The War on" women" that I hear so much about, appears to be being waged by Demo- crats. It is like the speaker at the Correspondenses Dinner is purely Ultra Left Wing, where is their protection for women instead of degrading them?
You liked your own tweet there Philipps.

Your account was made in 2015, and you have 11 followers.

Most of those 11 followers are pornbots.

It might be time to evaluate the validity of what you tweet.

are you fucking kidding me with this pity party?
You just proved her point
Your  name calling is such a great quality. Your character is shining bright.
You're so right. Should've gone with something classy... like Lyin/Crooked/Sneaky/dishonest/low IQ Sarah instead ;)
Because name calling is such a great quality. Your character shining bright.
Love the originality
Awwww KRISLEE is a snowflake! Blocked an opposing opinion! She didn't even have a comeback! WHAT A WUSS!
The far-right are desperate to pretend the Left are attacking women instead of the White House.
Dear Sarah,
ARE. YOU. SERIOUS ???
.
"she was bleeding badly from a face lift"
"You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy."
"A person who is very flat-chested is very hard to be a 10."
 "blood coming out of her wherever."
"Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo @MegynKelly "
It is discussing it was sickening what was done to her last night at the press dinner it proves the liberals have no respect for any woman if they support our President.
Bravo Sarah! You are absolutely awesome! MAGA !
Well said Sarah, you're truly a role model for all women ... God bless!
Women voted 4 President Trump because we don’t like HRC!Plus President Trump gets it done for the American People!Democrats just talk about it or insult people and we are tired of that!President Trump is the best president ever!
Lol ok sure
Yeah of course 
We love you Pres.Sec

That’s only because she can’t see much through her smokey eye shadow.
Why are you so evil? Where you abused as a child.
Sarah is that you? Did you create a secret Twitter account to defend yourself? That’s adorable.
Aw is that all you got, Rory. You’re so pathetic.
Sarah Sanders is such a wonderful person.  It's a shame that that so-called comedian was so obscene and rude to Sarah.  A huge apology should be made to Sarah.

Anything he says gets ridiculed. Tax, the Border, anything! Would be something if a bunch of Americans gained up in a huge group and lined up at the entryway to Mexico? Now that would be fair game with this conspiracy. @realDonaldTrump @TomFitton @benshapiro @SaraCarterDC
I know, right? Trump literally boasted about grabbing random women by their vaginas.
who cares!!!!!
She also said this a year and change ago. This is fun!

What is so disturbing is the fact that the WHPC invited Press Secretary Sanders for the sole purpose of publicly humiliating her. This is sheer evil.
The left can't stand that Sarah represents everything they secretely want to be so they attack her in an attempt to convince themselves that she's not that awesome! Trump derrangement syndrome is strong with them.
Sorry but the lies that the cockeyed mongoloid spewed daily deserve ridicule
Sorry not sorry that you're obsessed with Trump and Sarah. Don't sweat it. I get they're magnificent. 19 followers? What server are you operating from bot?
Snowflake
Which she added to calling everyone of Trump's victims, LIARS. Yea, we remember that.

You choose to ignore this... so yeah be prepared to get backlash. Action... reaction
Buy her a little violin.
My wife and I love and admire you.  We know you can take it and can handle yourself.  It doesn't matter what the hatters say, just keep in mind the people who care about you.  God Bless
Maybe if every single woman that's in the adminstration wasn't a liar or completely incompetent. Look we have kellyanne Sarah huck, Devos, and Ivanka. Two are completely incompetent and the other two are notorious liars.
#MagaIdiot
maybe you assholes will stop attacking Emma Gonzales then if you're concerned with war on women?
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT....here is a good Political slogan the left can run on!!!
So you guys see that this a tweet from a year ago? Right? She didn't post this. FOX News did.
Ahhh yaaaa. What's your point?
There is no war on Women, Christmas, or Christianity in the US. These are all made up wars by the conservative.
Then stop lying. Have some integrity. Crying foul now after you have never stood for women unless it suited your political agenda is just shameful.
maybe it because those women like you and @KellyannePolls actively lie for this president and spread his BS as a profession (with a straightface no less).
I hope Sarah addresses the bullying she has endured as Press Sec. Its really disgusting!!
You spelled perpetrated wrong.
Oh get over it right-wing snowflakes!
Exactly! Shameful!
Amen Sister! MAGA!!!
AND ITS STILL TRUE
"A year ago, now-@WhiteHouse @PressSec Sarah Huckabee Sanders talked about the "war on women."

#WHPD INSULTS ARE A DISGRACE TO ALL THE REAL PEOPLE 

@cnn @msnbc @abc @cbs
AND what's her name piece of 

  https://fxn.ws/2rdEP1h   
What gives anyone the Right to Bully?
If you can't say anything nice please stay Silent..
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is a Class Act...
Reps And Dems a like are guilty of this behavior.
If we want our Children to act different than lets
set an Example.. All of Us.
She's brain dead.
~~So no one is defending @KellyannePolls  ore this pile of.... SH#@#$ @IvankaTrump @IvankaTrumpHQ 
There might be a reason for that.
This isn't a war on women closest to the Pres. Its a war against the mouthpieces of the Pres. @FLOTUS is becoming more and more popular as a fine 1st lady. She's showing her human side, strength, in trying circumstances.

Sarah rocks. I love the way she deals with the fake news
Easy snowflakes.
They can’t even shine your shoes. My 2 baby girls will grow up admiring you as a strong smart beautiful loving and successful powerful women. Thank you for standing up for us our POTUS & the good of the world. You deserve a Nobel prize & a Purple Heart daily we love you
She’s right! Stormy Daniels has been unfairly attacked for too long! This must stop!
She’s a porn star trying to cash in. She deserves everything she gets.
Seems like she’s getting a lot. Several promising lawsuits and has exposed the president’s lawyer for significant legal wrong doing. Plus that $130k!
In my experience in the media industry for many years women were always MUCH more difficult to work with.  Personal , catty and mean spirited   Much more so than men
 Sarah Huckabee Sanders, saw the pic of you & your husband. It's not possible for me to feel as proud of you as your handsome husband & famous father, but are not only beautiful & smart, but also an ace for strong character & professionalism at what you do for Pres & country!
AGREE .
She was so correct about this. I watch her perform her job with amazing professionalism, grace and strength. The daily assult she weathers from the MSM #FakeNews, #fakenewsCNN, #FakeNewsMedia is relentless yet she stands tall and speaks true. She is a true Patriot.
She works for the biggest misogynistic SOB in the land!! She looses ALL credibility until she speaks up against her bosses attacker’s on women, minorities and the disabled
Sarah, you are a beautiful, classy lady!
How about the war she started with the press? #fakenews?? This is how that has spread throughout he country. Proud?
This Trump supporter repeatedly yelled at the press, calling media “degenerate filth” and to get out of his country after the Michigan rally concluded 
What ? President Trump
You don’t want to be bullied? Don’t work for a bully and don’t be a bully at your podium.
Sarah you are awesome,  let the haters do what they do best HATE!!!
Your great in my book and looked beautiful last night

BOO FUCKING HOO
You Rock Sarah!
Calling out LIARS is NOT a war on women!
And yet she lies daily on the behalf of a misogynistic, sexist pig who has bragged about sexual assault. The hypocrisy is staggering.
Sarah is doing a great job.   She needs to ignore the liberal mess
And last night's fiasco in DC proved it.
GOP thought process: The war on women doesn’t exist and #metoo is bullshit but it does exisit when a FEMALE COMEDIAN makes fun about another female.  Huh? 
Sarah was proven right AGAIN!!
We love you Sarah and let the chips fall for Michelle whoever she is. 
Liberal women who come on this thread to make vile comments have a lot more issues in their lives!  None of them good!
That dinner was shameful. Keep up the great work @PressSec. We love the job you are doing.
LOCK HER UP!!!  CROOKED SARAH!!!!
SHS can take care of herself as well as her father on her behalf.
They should never go back
She’s helping to wage that war. It’s part of her war in truth.
Listen I won’t ever agree to fat shaming her but some people on Fox live in glass houses
Victimhood. The new GOP stance. Nothing's their fault and everyone's picking on them.
I am disgusted and know we appreciate what you do and I am sorry you had to endure such a disgusting evening
Dems are 100%
You reap what you sew. Sarah needs to take personal responsibility. The Real American people will not tolerate this hypocrisy! The end of Fox News in it's current form is near!! #GetReady 
There are signs Trump's trade friction is killing jobs in big manufacturing states https://read.bi/2Jkcail  via @businessinsider
Sarah Sanders is an awesome, brilliant Press Secretary. I simply can’t take the asinine questions of the so called reporters.
I count 16 women have come forward that Trump is accused of sexually assaulted, porn star, playboy bunny and vulgar language on tape.
..and where are they? Where did they go? Moving on.
Ask Cohen
I imagine $130000. each
Oh, please....yawn , sad 
Liberal hypocrisy being exposed each day that passes. They can't control their anger and hatred or their emotions. Glad to see them removing their fake masks and showing true colors. Left=hatred
there's no war on women, only war on fucking liars
No only the corrupt lying ones.
ΤΟ.ΘΕΜΑ.ΜΕ.ΤΙΣ.ΓΥΝΑΙΚΕΣ.ΣΤΗΝ.ΝΕΑ.ΥΟΡΚΗ.ΚΑΙ.ΣΤΗΝ.ΟΥΑΣΙΓΚΤΟΝ.ΒΕΒΑΙΩΣ.ΕΙΝΑΙ.ΟΤΙ.ΟΤΑΝ.ΑΝΑΛΑΜΒΑΝΟΥΝ.ΕΞΟΥΣΙΑ.ΣΕ.ΟΤΙΔΗΠΟΤΕ.ΟΡΙΣΜΕΝΕΣ.ΦΟΡΕΣ.ΠΑΡΕΚΤΡΕΠΟΝΤΑΙ.ΥΠΕΡΒΑΛΟΥΝ.ΚΑΙ.ΤΟ.ΣΥΜΠΑΓΕΣ.ΑΥΤΟ.ΕΚΤΡΩΜΑ.ΣΥΜΠΕΡΙΦΟΡΑΣ.ΕΧΕΙ.ΑΡΧΙΣΕΙ.ΝΑ.ΕΜΦΑΝΙΖΕΤΑΙ.ΚΑΙ.ΕΝ.ΕΛΛΑΔΙ.ΚΑΙ.ΔΗ.ΕΝ.ΑΘΗΝΑΙΣ.
ΥΠΑΡΧΕΙ.ΘΕΜΑ...!!!!
Actually we are very supportive of all the Victims of Donald Trump. We realize many of them are mentally abused women. Some of them physically abused. I felt sorry for Sanders for about 10 minutes when she took the job. Now I just loathe her.
Stand tall and Strong Mrs Sanders.... that so called, unknown comedian is one of the lowest forms of life!
Hahahah how funny that coming from Faux News. You know Hillary is a woman right?
Libs,MSM continue to show their true colors as many support this vulgarity aimed at women, mothers and daughters. Such hippocrits, their  support of gross attacks on SHS will be retweeted, commercialized and demonized in the upcoming election. They support bullying at all levels
This thing thinks she can talk about another woman's looks. She's got more gum than than Trident in that mouth

Doesn't she degrade and belittle those same women reporters EVERYDAY at the podium?? Seems like she doesn't like a woman coming back at her while she can't do anything about it...???
Only allow 10 press members / day ( must draw "lucky numbers" from hat)....NO OTHER obstructionists allowed that day....
What was said adopt you was wrong and most of us feel inappropriate- you seem to be a good person
& What Will Become Of Them 
Sorry for the poor treatment you received at the "dinner". Just know that more out here in America are with you, support you and appreciate you! Thank you Sarah!
Did the RNC return their rapey Steve Wynn money? Reject an accused child molester for Senate and now sexual predator Greitans? 

A comedian noticed Sanders’s makeup. Big deal. The party itself is doing real and lasting harm to women, and her lies enable them.
https://twitter.com/usa_maximus/status/990727678193033216 …
That's what Stormy Daniels says!
Here is Trump's reply...
#delusional women have more rights and more respect than ever before. And the real men while continue on this path until all are precious women are satisfied.
They ALL HAVE CLASS AND GRACE, what's so pathetic and sad is that those who cast aspersions at them: 1) cannot spell grace, poise or class, 2) they do not possess them in their vocabulary.

For the PGs, vocabulary means they words you know and can use.
the liberals hate so much. MAGA.
It was disgusting the way Sara was treated last night. I think she is a lovely smart & strong woman that needs to be celebrated and is a great role model for the young girls in our country. Hope my 2 granddaughters turn out like her
It’s just like her to ignore this administration’s & Republican’s attacks on women’s reproductive rights & only think about herself & the women around her who are being criticized, not attacked.
Being waged from the WH?
On display last night.
Lmao keep telling yourself that

She looks like a horse. Why would she worry about women?
As usual, those same folks that talk about how poorly women are treated, treat women poorly.  They don’t care about the lives of the poor, just the rich. They don’t care about women, they rape and molest them. They don’t care about the lives of children they abort them.
Maybe you should get out more.
God bless you Sarah Huckabee Sanders, you are one classy lady !!
And she was wrong then too.
Those obstruvtionist will never give up.  Jerks

Let me never slumber, never lose my assurance,
  never fail to wear armour when passing through
    enemy land.
Fit me for every scene and circumstance.…
TRULY OUR SPIRITED SISTER SHE IS...AND TOGETHER WE BROTHERS AND SISTERS WILL GOD SPEED STAR TO STAR PRAISING GOD OUR CHRIST EVERMORE'SO. THXUGOD. ÀMEN
We are proud of you Sarah! Give the #FakeNewsMedia what they deserve and make no apologies. We’re in a war for truth and the future of our country. God has placed you the right place at just the right time.
The war wages on.... sadly.
But we aren’t we all super cool with “locker room” room talk?
Yea, @FoxNews ‘s hit job on Stormy has been despicable n all 4 what?  Because she’s close to the President?  Smh
Real entertainment would be that fake comedian and Sarah S at the same table.
THERE IS A WAR ON WOMEN IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE LOW LIFE LEFTY PEOPLE THEY ARE DISGUSTING PEOPLE
She called it!
ONLY THE ONES THAT LIE!!!
You knew this before you voted for him. This is on YOU.
This isn’t about a war on women. That’s what Trump does on a regular basis.. this was a comedian that made a joke. Unless Sarah is saying #metoo ??
Tell that to Stormy Daniels and the others who are brave enough to speak out against the president!
Sarah,sorry they were not nice to you last night, but if you put yourself out there as defender of the biggest offender in the universe things might get said that normally wouldn’t.  The press did not do themselves any favors last night & like MO said they should have gone HIGHER
God Bless you Sarah.  You represent what all moms wish they could be.  Strong beautiful and patriotic
Fox News is now to be shown as the right place for decency along with the
Truth in programing. The W House and
Press Sec., are doing an outstanding job; and backed by actions. There is a connection not like the Bull sessions n
lies by from previous W H n Administration!
Certainly that leftist attack at the whcd proved this!
AND THE PEOPLE FOR TRUMPS AS WELL AS THE WOMEN IN THE WHITE HOUSE WE NEED TO STAND UP AND SUE THEM
Then you're blind as a bat. I think every pro-lifer should have to sign a contract. And anytime a woman has a baby they don't want, the government goes to the next person on the contract and hands them the baby and says here you go, it's yours now. And walk away.
That is because that trash is a sexist,raping,trash bag that you are enabling, defending, hope you don't leave your daughters around him unattended.

White Leftist Multiculturalists push a fake and partisan war on women narrative while at the same time remain silent about the Real war on women in non-Western cultures.
Aww, all the little #Trumptard #snowflakes are whining that the professional #liar and con artist was called out on a night that has been set aside to celebrate the #FirstAmendment. Even the lies of @SarahHuckabee are protected under the FA. #MAGA #Trump #MuellerIsComingForYou
Right
What this vial episode just goes to show is that people from all walks of life and the political alignment have stepped forward to protect Sarah Huchabee Sander and her reputation! 
GBY Sarah always stand in the pathway of the righteous and be protected!
HYPOCRISY
She defends Trump who could careless about women. Trump has been accused of sexual misconduct. Trump said he can grab women by the pussy. So if Trump talks like this it’s ok?
The shame of it is that there are them woman that will take it in the p—— for money but will shame prostitution.
She’s so fragile.
That's because you are an evil corrupt POS. You grew up around evil and you live there still. Evil cannot see evil for evil.
Who can forget Trump on Fiorina? "Look at that face! Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?"
In fairness, the ones that got too close got their pussies grabbed. By accident though.
How many women do you know who have been paid not to speak?

Aunt Lydia sure has thin skin.
Very simple. Leave this @POTUS side. He’s not greatful for anything you do anyway. Just continue to be a better mother to your children and love your husband. It’s hard for me to explain this #President away.
No wonder SHS got roasted so hard 
Lack of common civility; place & time- really out of her element
I didn't watch & would not because I knew nothing but filth spued. Not 1 so called refined person stood up & said it, enough is enough. She is a human being & deserves respect. I've lost respect for all journalist. Sarah Sanders please except my apology for what you endured.
You mean like this?

She’s a woman?
...perhaps *by* this president?
Maybe that is because everyone Woman close to the President is on the WRONG side of the war against Women.
Any woman listening to Trump has no right to breathe in this Century. They are suffering from internalized misogyny.
have that same energy/fake outrage for your boss beloved
Love ya ,keep fighting MAGA
THE WAR ON WOMEN IS OVER! YOU NEED NOT LIVE IN FEAR OF ANY MAN NOW! I AM HERE FOR YOU! @PressSec Sarah, I LOVE YOU! YOU ARE FUCKING AWESOME! & YOUR SMILE, OH MY! YES! I LOVE WATCHING YOU SPEAK! THE WAR IS OVER! YOU WON! LOVE WINS! LOVE ALWAYS WINS!!!! #MAGA #WOW @FLOTUS @POTUS
Add every conservative woman
The left doesn’t care about gender, religion or race...They only care about votes and they will pander (lie) to anyone for a vote...don’t be a SUCKER! #SARAHROCKS!
“Fox News is here. So you know what that means, ladies. Cover your drinks. Seriously. People want me to make fun of Sean Hannity tonight, but I cannot do that. This dinner is for journalists.”
Aahahahaahahahahaahaha 

Aahahahaahahahahaahaha

What a little 
Garbage & lies
