While I'm not a violent person,  sometimes a person just fits that ole TN sayin' of he just needed shootin'.  Instead of being cuffed with the Deputy's handcuffs, justice would have been served if he had been shot with the Deputy's gun.
Love it your right
No  police need and show a higher level of professionalism that what I would show. It's a sad truth that police need to be removed of there emotion, there the kind that feal fear and run toward the gun fire. 
With that said I hope his cellie is a 300lb rapist who loves white boys
Amen
Too bad the handcuffs werent accidentally dropped on this jackass' head a few times first.
Hang his ass.
Now the left is mocking and laughing about school shootings... -- "He wants to give teachers guns, and I support that because then they can sell them for things they need like supplies."Michelle Wolf at the White House correspondence dinner....
Ha, it's amazing the mental gymnastics you do to take the blame off Trump.
When will the investigation of the liberal judge that let the killer out of jail????????????????
Or of his father who gave him back his guns after authorities took them away?
And they should have shot him with his Gun !!!
Shame he wasn't shot and killed with the officers gun.
Amazing how he was taken alive when so many others get gunned down. Could his white skin have something to do with his survival?
Get a friggen grip, he followed Officer orders at the time of arrest.
White a surprise! 



Except there is no Obamagate
This man has a criminal past and his guns were taken away.  His father gave them back to him.  I believe that his father should be held accountable.
Are you sure about that? That was the case in the Tennessee Waffle House shooting, are you saying this one is, too?
I live in Maine and know nothing about the Tennessee shooting.
So I guess two fathers are guilty, what a shame. I hope they can charge both of them
They asked him to smile...but ...
Right before the beheading
The beheaded him? Don't tease me!!
Still hoping that the Deputy was a Dem and some good came from this debacle.  If he was then the GOP should make a donation to this guy's commissary fund.
What?
BUILD THAT WALL!!
How does this relate?
Bad guys. Need that wall to keep them out
Clown
Hang him!
Another freak. Get them off the streets.
And he looks like a fine outstanding young man too, such potential wasted!

Did you make this bs up yourself?
Yes!
People like need hung from a yard arm, oh wait we are humane Society so he’ll get his day court unlike what he did to the officer (sickening)
Should have shot him and killed him with the deputy gun.  I've had enough of this.  Its time to start public executions back.
Hang him in town square
Amazing that we still let these people roam the streets.
JUSTICE IS SERVICED
Justice isnt served.  He is alive the deputy is dead
Kill him
You have to be a real POS to kill someone who would risk their life pulling you from a burning car.
Maybe after his trial he can be executed with the officers gun? POS
Bread and water first week, bread no water second week. Live streaming so people can see it. Millions of US would enjoy it.
I do not get this. Does the killer supposed to care?

Let me guess, a Republican and a Trumpanzee. Nobody is this stupid outside of their circle.
Jail is to good!Send him to NK!
Here's the tweet Fox News deleted VERY quickly 

http://tweetsremoved.blogspot.co.uk 
