We could use more Matt Dillons and less Weak Homer Simpson’s.  

Could that be why so many millennials need binkies, blankies, and safe space??  Simpsons limp whimpy Homer parent model. 
RT @FoxNews: 'Simpsons' to surpass 'Gunsmoke' with 636th episode Sunday night https://fxn.ws/2HCGDvq 
I suppose this day and age that is quite an accomplishment, there’s a lot more competition with more than just three channels to watch. I still watch reruns of Matt Dillon.
If only The Simpsons were still funny.
Fox needs to uthanize this show.
Simpsons were hijacked by liberals! Unwatchable!
Who watches this show? No one I've ever talked to has said they do. Or would admit it...I tried once, and 5 minutes was enough. But to each his own. I still watch Bugs Bunny.

Hard to believe they have been on almost as long as the mrs and myself have been married.
I have never watched a minute of Simpsons and do not plan to.

Because this matters?
Weird thing to say.
Animated - perhaps
But several shows have more episodes like WWE's Raw (1300)
And if we count daily news shows like the Today Show (January 12, 1952) or soap operas like General Hospital (April 1, 1963) or game shows like the Price is Right (1972), it's not even close
So what
I guess I forgot that Gunsmoke was not a live action TV  show .... Wait, it was live action with live actors!!! A cartoon can go on as long as you find a cartoonist (or many over years) to draw it.
SouthPark is way better.

I know the NRA doesn't like that at all .
#TheSimpsons has made it to T.V. history.
Ones is about real acting the other is millennials version of entertainment turd with tooth picks
nope, fake news. @WWE and @raw actually have that distinction! #mondaynightraw
This says something about our culture; just not sure I want to hear it.
Shows the quality of American television when comic cartoons are most watched.  Nothing else is worth watching.
I wonder what their 666th episode will be like.
So my dim recollection of GS was that Arness shot someone at the end of every episode.  What was his final body count?

I love gunsmoke. .now Matt.very tall drink of water...before my time but watch the reruns
All beginning with those shorts on Tracey Ullman way back in the eighties.
Why is this show still on? Who watches this
Which should mean a special Simpsons episode :)
They could at least honor Festus Hagin when they do.
VILE
Wow
And they ain't aged a day.
What about #WWE's Raw?  Twice as many episodes as the lame-ass #Simpsons.
Scary
Whateverrrr
And I’ve never watched a single one.
“Marge leaves her family to join a biker gang for the 7th time! SJWs convince Apu to shut down his successful business and run for mayor based on nothing but his ethnicity. Homer stops eating gluten! Don’t miss it!”
Yeah but Gunsmoke was still watchable after the seventh season
With only about 1/3 of those episodes being any good.
Gunsmoke was a radio show and an awesome one at that.
Queen is allegedly shopping for repulsive clothing for this occasion.

Trump Will Meet the Queen
Gunsmoke wasn't a cartoon.
No one said it was. What's your point?
What record is that? Pokemon just passed 1000 episodes...
like sands through the hourglass, so are the days of our lives
Check out the site in my Bio @goo.gl/bmXq8K
oh' I love SIMPSONS, America's most pleasing moron family

“how dare that lady comedian be so vulgar” says the crowd that’s clearly delicate like doilies 
I think you replied to the wrong tweet

Always hated this show. Never watched and didn’t let my kids watch it. Very disrespectful.
You need more laughter in your life 
I have plenty thank you, just not that garbage
