"They are trying to 
#SABOTAGE us!
I have no choice,
I will completely 
DRAIN THE SWAMP.
I trust you are with me.
Fight back. Join"
  #PDJT

OMG
We have elected James Bond as President!
FOLLOW @realErinCruz
For more info
Flynn is the real James Bond! Trump is Truth and Promises. Great video
Comey think because he was the head of FBI he can lie and change the rule of law because he was at the top
Would have thought Fitton liked "making it up as you go" since it is Trump standard operating procedure.
You are #FakeNews
Fox News knows all about making things up.
CNN beats Fox News by a mile when it comes to spreading fake news!!
Who’s this guy Fitton !? he always comes on Fox News and talk shit , nothing he said turned out to be true lollllll
Actually everything he says is true.
Debs I told you , I can’t argue with you you’re too cute
Lmao!!!!  I’m cute, but I’m also right!!
Tom Fuiton is an undiscovered comedian I’m sure SNL will be calling any day soon . Keep waiting Tom lol
Possibly. Lol. But every lawsuit he has filed he has won.
Don’t know about that ! But every time I watch hannity he’s there with Sarah carter doing these so called investigative reporting that turns into zero result . Just like the Seth rich story
Then you’re not paying attention. Sara Carter has backed up every single story she has reported on. EVERY SINGLE ONE. She’s never released a story to ruin a man/woman’s career like the so called “journalists” from CNN. She will receive a Pulitzer Prize for her stellar reporting.
james comey went on a book tour because john brennan..james clapper..and probably jake tapper told him to win the people and he wouldnt be prosecuted for leaking classified info..in actuallity they are using him as a fall guy
Comey wants to be like Hillary. Lose and blame somebody, everybody for plain wrong doing.
The democrat swamp thinks that if they win the support of the majority of people that no district attorney will prosecute and no judge will convict them..makes sense now why soros has been buying up D.A elections
The proper term to use is that Comey is suffering from that democrat ailment called “Selective Memory Loss”.
Conversations with the President of the United States is CLASSIFIED dumb Libtartds!!!!!!!!!
James Comey and fr need to be locked up!
Mccabe and comey will take comey out. Then the rest of the seditious liberals will fall. #DrainTheDeepStateSwamp
BS. That would be Trump and his easy to manipulate base.
What did Obama do for this Country, UMMMM , can't come up with one thing.
Oh really? So how does Trump justify his misconduct then??
HeyTom, Don’t be a idiot, the great majority of the book was done from actual meeting notes along with sprinkled in personal opinions.
How does this guy know Comey is making it up? Oh he doesn't, but he knows foxs viewer base is too dumb to question this.
Dumb?  Fox News doesn’t spew things about people without proof.  
The other side?  Accuse someone without proof and BAM their guilty!
Lives are ruined.  How would you feel if this happened to you?  Guilty until proven innocent.
Just like Trump thinks he should get a free ride for bashing individuals daily. Turn about is fair play. Trump has set the tone. Live with it.

Do not let the crooks of. He is in Deep with Hillary and Obama.  You can not let them of.
Tom fitton is a one man twitter account. Complete  nonsense. Con man.
You suggest @Comey is a liar, you ignorant puppet? Would you care for a list of @realDonaldTrump lies from 2016 to now? Several sites keep track and the total is in the many hundreds! How in the world can anybody with an ounce of brains believe anything Trump says? Bootlicker!
How do like Trump changing his story on Veselnitskaya?
Kinda like what 45 does!
Garbage & lies on Trump TV
"Making it up as he goes along..." He took notes, For That Reason Alone, so he could show People Like You & Lying Donald Trump, that he WAS not Making it up..Is That What People In your Ethical Caliber do as a Matter of Survival? Is that Your Personal Ethical Benchmark?
Interesting that you chose ‘just making it up as he goes along’ as an unfavorable descriptor with respect to anyone or anything related to the @realDonaldTrump presidency.
Comey obviously has a messiah complex coupled with a martyr complex combined the two relentlessly drive him toward his desired ending.
Talk about making things up, you should look in a mirror when make such statements.  Just pathetic and sad, but typical Fox News
"James Comey is just making it up as he goes along to justify his misconduct."  Touché re: @realDonaldTrump.  He and his devotees should NEVER have to worry about being accused of being hypocrites.
Is that why he his story has been so consistent, Comey took notes after meeting with Trump & shared them with members of the FBI & DOJ, Comey then testified before Congress, Comey wrote a book, Comey's notes leaked by Congress. In all cases Comey's story is completely consistent.
Comey’s definitely become an emoji Lib. He does what feels right with little critical thinking, regardless of the outcomes! He threw in with the Obuma/HillBillary trying to fundamentally transform America into a socialist Utopia, with him in control of the Police State!
Sorta like Trumpfs fox and friends interview right.
@TeamTrump As long as @TheJusticeDept allows Gov Officials to make millions from crime & fraud, yeah they're all getting a free pass. Nothing has changed, nothing will change. US is a Crime Syndicate, fraud everywhere. This Is End, My Only Friend, The End
Trump and Fox News should make up their minds are the memos fakes or leaked and classified.  Stop the lies already fake news.
At least he make us to understand the corruption within the Whitehouse and how Trump bought himself into power
Every time these pundits on fox try to describe James comey characteristics they remind me of Donald trump , crazy judge Jeanine does it all the time lol
Wrong Comey is not just making it up as he goes. He took notes and Dems & Republicans have issues with him. However he is still more credible than Trump. Remember Hope Hicks said Trump makes her tell little white lies & Trump lies all the time.Trump bragged about lying to Trudeau
And by "making it up as he goes along", I mean meticulously generating contemporaneous memoranda to memorialize exactly what happened within minutes of it happening.
#FittonToBeTied
Comey is a great American Hero. He would not obstruct justice as Treasonous Trump expected him to, at the price of his job. A great man of integrity. Our president is a criminal, Mueller will deal with him in short order. Fox Manipulative News is complicit in Trump’s cover ups.
still changed his story less than Trump. No meeting, ok a meeting, no collusion, ok some, but it's not a crime etc etc..
AND HE ADMITS TO LETTING PEOPLE SEE THESE NOTES AND THEN LET THEM BE LEAKED!
HE FOUND A WAY TO LEAK THIS INFORMATION AND LOOK LIKE SOMEONE ELSE DID IT! THAT IS BS!!
Love how he makes statements, never backs them up with facts & disregards everything anybody else says.
A true fake, phoney, fraud.
What JCey and HRC is and was 100 times worst than what sup man did and they put him in prison. Have a fast trip you two

Everyone in Trumps world is a liar! Trump thinks he is the only truthsayer! It’s really funny that he hates everyone except himself. It speaks volumes.
I’d rather believe a career law enforcement individual over a guy that, to appear to have more money/popularity, would call all of the news outlets in the 90s and pretend to be other people to boost his reputation. Talk about FAKE NEWS?!? Do your homework Trump supporters!!
Unfollowing
Thinks he is getting a free pass on the grand jury also. Ohh no pal Indictments got all. We x cons insist.
Geez who do I believe @TomFitton , who’s no more than a @FoxNews mouth piece or the former head of the FBI. I’ll take @JimComeyFBI. Who’s paying you Tom.

trump has made his whole presidency up as he goes along
Sound like someone I know...can’t put my finger on it....
Perhaps he should have thought of that before he started his book tour.
Comey has more class and truth than anything that comes  out of your buffoon POTUS.  Everything about this buffoon Trump is evil and a pack of lies to cover up his collusion and obstruction.  Wake up and smell the roses.
They have no proof of Russian collusion whatsoever. What they do have proof of is the FBI and the DOJ and possibly the White House conspiring to throw an election. And then opening an illegalInvestigation of the president to fuel A slur campaign In the media.
OMG
ayfk?  making it up as he goes along IS your president's daily playbook. The only difference is your guy is unintelligent, irresponsible and could care less what anyone else thinks. One day our grandkids will read about this bad dream in history books. Stalin, Hitler, Trump, etc.
Obama, the worst president in history, Clinton. Impeached, etc.
One of the most decent and classiest in history - let’s not leave that out.
See: Presidebt Trump’s justification for Russian lawyer meeting Don Jr. “...making it up as he goes along...”
He wants locking up..he's a crook..
Comey was just a patsey, installed as a puppet, to take the fall if soft coup de'tat unravels.
Tom, any idea when this guy and Lerner, Clinton and several others will be prosecuted?  Why is it taking so long?  @realDonaldTrump @JeffSessions17    #MAGA
Old saying =when someone #LIES , their nose grows longer (ala Pinocchio); I say when #Comey lies, his eye-bags get bigger!  #ComeysEyeBags  #democRatsLIE =It's What They Do!
And u think u can get a free pass by being the fake news channel...really I believe Mr. Comey over anything on fox...#shutdownfox
FAUX  pls no grudge n bias
Its great the idiot media host sits there and defends Comey's breaking of the law.
Over 600,000 sold and still going!!!!!
RT @FoxNews: .@TomFitton: "James Comey is just making it up as he goes along to justify his misconduct. He thought he was going to get a free pass during his book tour." 
@Tomfitton is a partisan hack.

The emperor has no clothes
Nobody needs to see that ever.
pos
Your attempts at character assassination appear not to be working. You should probably just drop it.
sounds like  Fitton is projecting again


http://CoolnessForever.com  

Coolness Everywhere…
