I have no doubt Tom has a few rubles in his coffer..
Faux News interviews a partisan hack from @JudicialWatch (which was started by a sexual predator promoting Leninist scumbag Bannon) and we’re supposed to respect his opinion? Lol
Is there a law for Comey, clapper, and Brennan and then a different law for the rest of us?
I pray yes! He wasn’t some schlub. He was the Director of the FBI for God’s sake, therefore he he not only needs to be held accountable, he needs to be made an example of. #ExposeTheirEvil #DrainTheSwamp #GreatAwakening #QAnon
Mounting evidence implicating Comey, McCabe, Brennan, and the rest of the #deepstate clan in Barry's treasonous coup!! Amazing that #MSM & #FakeNews continue to run interference and provide cover for these traitors!! #Treason #ObamaGate
Then you are not an intelligent man. How can releasing unclassified memos be breaking the law?
If that is the truth this must be also Along with @realDonaldTrump  @DonaldJTrumpJr @jaredkushnr @GenFlynn @MichaelCohen212 
#AND the rest of WH GANG
@RawStory @CNN @AC360 @GOP @DNC @NewDay @washingtonpost @nytimesworld
Could you quote the Section of the law that you said he broke? Don’t just mouth off.
He better be or why should any other citizen of this country be held accountable to any law they break?
I have ZERO confidance anything will happen to Comey,Hillary or the others involved ..everything they did illegally will be turned into just breaking rules but not laws..thats why they are all so arrogant ,cocky & project no fear of law.
If not..open the prison doors!  No point in people paying for crimes if others don't!
BS.
Still waiting for proof. Tic tock.
Double standards??
Lock his ass up. 

@Comey biggest tip to give you don't drop the soap what ever you do don't drop the soap. Unless you enjoy dropping the soap. 
#Comey 
#LockComeyUp
He leaked a conversation with the President. Everyone person knows that is classified info.  JAIL TO THE LEAKER COMEY!
Interesting that he has not been arrested and charged...possibly because there us no doubt what he did was a service to his country and not infact illegal.
LOL who?

Tom, Americans are getting fed up with this 2-tier Justice system, is there anything Americans can do ?
If we don't hold Comey and everyone else in the Deep State accountable for laws they have broken we will become a nation with unequal justice for all. Think about that.
#TheStingison
Well Hilary Clinton wasn't. So I wouldn't be surprised if he isn't as well.
This is the same as saying we have no doubt Trump broke the law.  The question is will he and all the other cronies who broke the law be held accountable.  EXACT...SAME...THING
He's also mocking the law!!
One time I stole a piece of gum from my brother. I'm admitting it here.  Take me to court.  You need something new to work on besides the same BS stuff that you have been posting for the last year.
the US system of justice must begin prosecuting these high-level subversives  & snake-oil peddlers, b/c it really appears to voters that the legal system is classist.
If Comey is guilty of any offence and there is said to be sufficient evidence to prove it why hasn’t the DOJ acted? I think there may be more doubt about his guilt than some suggest.

He is above the law and therefore will not be held accountable
We know that answer already No!
Will he be held accountable: Sadly no....
Only if Trump Fires Jeff Sessions because he's not going to Charge , Arrest or Indict any of his Corrupt Criminal Friends. If they go down he goes down but at least he's doing something about the Illegals.
And on and on go the diversions..
What Tim Fitton thinks means less than nothing.
Why is this even a question?
Is trump going to be held accountable?
Garbage & lies as usual on Trump TV
Where’s your proof?
Go after him so he sings like a canary!!
And who are you to say someone broke the law???  Nobody, just making unfounded statements trying to cause more chaos.
The self-anointed elitists don’t believe in accountability for themselves, but they also have the Flynn-McCabe problem!
I would say if you took out sessions and put maybe put in greg jarrett they all would be charged.
Lmao, what a total joke that’d be!

He didn't leak classified information.  This is a false narrative.  Pleasing to some but false.
Keep trying to meet that dead dog you just make yourself look more and more like a bunch of buffoons and steadily Trump is losing followers they're starting to listen to Rachel Maddow and other people on reputable news sources not a Russian propaganda Hitler pushing agenda#Fox
@TeamTrump @TheJusticeDept As we continue to see over & over again, no1 in Gov goes to jail for crimes. Lawlessness is allowed to runs unabated, then you're allowed to make millions lying about it. This is the swamp that runs our country. Mayday, Mayday we are going down!
They should. Sessions needs to bring the full force of the law down on all these people including Hillary.
Says the guy with an English major.  Former radio show host pontificating on rules of law.  Typical Fox know nothing
Rumor and false accusations are Fox Manipulative News’ bread and butter. Comey has an impeccable history of serving our country. No crimes have been committed by this great American. Fox Manipulative News has no shame in disparaging this great American, for Treasonous Trump.
Comey is not worried. He said he released no classified docs.Trump should B worried he fired Comey to stop the Russian investigation OBSTRUCTION.  Told Hope Hicks to tell white lies. Lack of credibility on Trumps part. Lawyers tell Trump 2 stop tweeting & talking he is in trouble
You're about two years behind. LMAO
So the wealth are held to no standard to the law.... Time to take back America...
Can We The Citizens who paid his salary make a Citizens Arrest for not following the USA Laws.?.
This makes no sense. The argument that he shared classified information is 100% incorrect. Things were classified later and not to mention the obvious, he had the authority to decide what was classified and to unclassify things.
What law did he break?
Sure at the same time Trumpie is held accountable for the lies he tells - fair is fair
You do?
Facts
Or
Opinion?
Comey is above the American Law. He will get away with all the crimes just like Hillary did.
My fear is you're right... sigh
This is the one time where I feel a special council would be beneficial. Sessions must appoint a 2nd special council to investigate REAL crimes and treasonous plots against a sitting President. Mueller special council was created without a known crime committed.
Um was Hillary, no
Check @TomFitton's credentials. 
Accusations of voter fraud = NO PROOF.
Rejects Climate Change = NO PROOF.
Compares FBI with KGB.
Closely associated with Breitbart and 'Groundswell'.
Complete incompetence describes Tom Fitton.
And unfortunately the answer to that question is NO!
Unfortunately DC doesn’t have a very good track record in holding the powerful accountable. It’s time for change
I've been on here quarterly for years helping the public if it was such a major concern of the justice department you would have arrested me a long time ago but you can't even pick up the phone so apparently its not even a concern
You better do it before the democrats take over at the end of the year if you want to get anything done.


Hahahahahaha. No laws were broken. Otherwise the DOJ would have been all over that. Won't happen.
Well trump hasn't so why should his minions?

Lol 
Is anyone in Washington ever held accountable for anything?
NO .... Just let it go already
Check his offshore bank accounts.
They probably will get a free pass to hell
Looks like very few people who have reached swamp level, actually get held account for anything. Unless they don't like homosexuality or immigration, then they're hung drawn and quartered but real crime, yeah they get a free pass at swamp level.
...no evidence and no way Coney broke the law.  Far to smart for that.  He’s an honorable man and a legal genius.
If he is not held accountable than that is an outrage and I don't think the American people will stand for it. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!!!!!
Probably not, the deep state always get away with murder, literally.
He has little doubt? Did you check Tom's credentials at all? How in the absence of actual evidence or even charge do you know someone broke the law. Fox you tolerate these types of overblown and ridiculous statements WAY too much.
Prayiyhe will be!
Yes he will, just takes a little time, once mid terms are over....BAM!!!
So Obama can be protected by FBI but Trump wont be.
Obama wasnt a criminal trump is a mobster used car salesman.
Obama was too just everything was covered  up! He wasn't the saint you thought he was! He was very sneaky!
Obama is the past. If hes a criminal why arent the authorities investigating him? Trump certainly has his hands full.
Fake news
Trump broke the law
