He took the hard road of collapsing their test site, forcing them to feign denuclearization? 
What got US to the Table is that TRUMP has the balls & intellecto to talk to Kim, PLUS TRUMP is the Master of negotiations.

MAKE NORTH KOREA GREAT AGAIN!

Starting with adding more LIGHT'S 
Right on.. I agree. Great tweeet
Trump came up with the name rocket man and did a bunch of screaming on Twitter; gee what a strategist. Major player.

Quite the opposite. NK's nuclear program gained momentum due to Trump. And now that NK has full nuclear capabilities, they have the upper hand in any discussion. Trump should be credited to make a bad situation worse.
#TrumpIsSoBroke
He couldn’t get a ride to North Korea to represent US interests during the negotiation with South Korea.
Trumps worse than Harry kane
How many times have we been here before?????  Stop acting like it's over you frauds.
Wow how you have changed your tune.
You aren't at the table and Kim is racking up political points while we sit on our hands.


Yes the two Korea's worked out their own differences and signed agreements to end the war.  Trump did nothing yet . He has not met with Kim yet.   Give South Korea the Nobel peace prize.
S. Korea invited N Korea 2 the Olympics & they negotiated a peace. Trump is trying to take credit for something he didn't do. He takes credit 4 planes staying in the sky.Yet he ordered a attack that killed a soldier tried 2 blame Obama. Didnt work cause Obama refused the mission
Harder road? Fool
Childish, insulting tweets is what worked? That's what you are going with?

Or Trump had nothing to do with it and it all began with the goodwill generated by the Olympics.


This had nothing to do with it?!
Some people will never give Trump credit !
Yes it’s the tweets, the tweets, big Twitter followers the North Koreans.
Trump stood his ground with Kim and stated his aims clearly and forcibly. A great breakthrough.
Thank you President Trump for having the fortitude to do what you know is best for America.
Many people are saying Trump is a dissatisfied udder full of uncle-fuckingly halfwitted sweat from a baboon's balls
