Admiral must sue Tester. Period.
Based on what? Somehow I doubt he wants to go through discovery. 
ditto...i recall Gen. Powell opting out of pres elections becos scrutiny and political attacks not worth it.
TESTER RESIGN NOW!!
Trump first.
Why?  Because that is what your puppet leaders are telling you?  What exactly are DemoLibs doing to help this country right now, name one thing, just one....
As the wife of a 100% VN Vet for 40yrs I watch the Senate VA Committee closely. 
Tester has been a distraction for the past month. He turns every REAL issue into talk of "The Sky is falling" privitization
It's become obvious Tester wants nothing more than to BLOCK @POTUS
Maybe the nominee should’ve been properly vetted. BTW, Fox News is propaganda trump tv
Obama vetted him 3 times and gave the highest recommendation for him. You listen to CNN to much.
Guess someone has to block herself. Just read Ester's profile.
Good for tester. If not for him good old boy Mitch McConnell would have pushed him through by now
So good for Tester for accusing someone for things the secret service says never happened. Next time you apply for a job would you want someone to accuse you of false accounts. Tester should resign.
Office of Senator Jon Tester
311 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510-2604
Phone: (202) 224-2644  Call and Tell him it’s time to resign!
Ever notice how desperate the Right-Wing is to be the perceived victim?
It's just one of the signs of a cult.
Victimization.
Everyone is against  us.
Everyone hates us.
Everyone is stealing from us.

They are eternal victims.
Tester needs to step down now
This was simply Tester trying to get some attention.  He knows that he's on his way out.  He stopped working for us Montanans a long time ago.
Let’s boot him out now.
I hope President @realDonaldTrump will re-nominate Admiral Jackson. We should fight back against liars. To hell with Tester. Let Montanian's teach him a lesson by voting him out.
Oh me too!
Why did he withdraw his nomination if these revelations are not true.
He should have continued the process
Because it is all true, Brad. He would be re-nominated in a heartbeat if they were false.
November folks! #MAGA
Then why did the nominee withdrawal?
Then why did the candy man drop out if he is innocent?
Office of Senator Jon Tester
311 Hart Senate Office Building
Washington, DC 20510-2604
Phone: (202) 224-2644
Tester should be sued for everything he has for defamation of character.
He won’t be, because it is all true.
Apparently President Obama didn’t think it was true or he wouldn’t have had such gracious comments about the doctor.
"An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud."
Not a stretch considering all the fraudulent activities of the democrats! If you can’t find a good natural born citizen, lie and create “documents!”
The best part of being a conspiracy nutcase is you can never be wrong.  If someone presents you with overwhelming evidence that you’re wrong, they are just “part of the conspiracy”
Tester should be fired hopefully he won’t be voted back
And we have a complicit media that is ready to jump on anything against @POTUS and his admin without investigative reporting- be first with a story, then we will spin later when proven wrong


Yep & if the MSM had any 'character' they would have double checked.
But the MSM & especially @CNN have NO 'character + they out right lie, in their quest to undermine anything Trump. SHAME ON THEM.
The real crime here is the Media ran with the story without any investigation.  There is little creditability left in main stream media.
There is none left with the President
CNN lies to you daily.
Tester got $10,800 from George Soros.
Jeeze why can’t he get away with innapropiate behavior like Trump
That is the tolerate loving left for you
He needs to resign! People like him make our country & govt worse not better! This is the type of low character & type of people we want out of our govt. electing @realDonaldTrump was just beginning of riding ourselves of swampscum! 
If Trump and Republicans think Tester was wrong they can put the same guy back up for the job and see how it goes
Those allegations were fact checked and came from other sources than Tester before they were published. And why did Jackson withdraw his nomination, if he was so innocent?
Tester needs to resign!
Tester should be impeached!
The good doctor sgoukd sue tester for slander,  he lost a potential job from made up bull
Perhaps the WH should have vetted him properly in the first place!  They can’t stop blaming everyone else for their own failures.
Is Tester doesn’t name his unnamed sources, they he should resign
And the most despicable Senator “Teflon Bob Menendez” continues to be ignored by the “Left Wing Nazi Propaganda Media & the ”Democrat Crime Syndicate.”
Soon enough all tables turn

This is what the Left does!
Like the old tuna commercial, sorry Charlie, it’s was your Republican committee head who delayed the proceedings because he, too, was concerned about the reports they were getting.
But that's how #FalseAllegations work! Welcome to the world of millions of #InnocetMen!!
And in the end it it the media’s fault for not checking. That’s their job.
Not going to check things when the MSM is in “collusion” with the Democratic Party
Sad but true.
Where does Mr Jackson go to get his reputation back? An overzealous media rushing to report the latest gossip w/ out fact checking(two solid separate sources) Another good civil servant dragged through the mud, for what? Politics
You mean like the time when Trump said that on media that 3 million illegal immigrants voted without doing any sort of investigation?
Why doesn't the press investigate Tester.

Any bets his name is included in that sexual harassment slush fund?
Here let me get the knife out of your back
Negative haters, need real people in DC to actually work together across the aisle to maga.
It's terrible he went to press and claimed Obama wasn't born here, Obama tapped his wires, Muslims celebrated in Jersey City after 9/11...
If it wasn’t true why withdraw
#TrumpIsSoBroke he had to become president as he owes the Russian mob so much money they are "leaning on him". Now, with 3 fires at Trump towers, it appears he's not even delivering."- @MtnMD  #MoneyProblems101 #TrumpOwesTheMob
Tester needs to be thrown out of office!
Resign or be impeached, conduct unbecoming of the office
Disgraceful
He was just following orders.  This bastard didn't do this on his own, but he will jump through his butt to stay in Obama's and Schumer's good list!
Almost as if he were a muslim.
#JonTesterToResign 
 #VoterTesterOut
This is all Trump and his stooges are out there pointing fingers.Once again Trump fails to vet a candidate properly and blames everyone but himself.If Trump had an once of respect for his supporters he would have done a better job on this.
Thank you, @jontester for shining a light on the corruption of this so-called doctor.  Without folks like you, there would be no stop to the endless corruption of this administration!
But..it’s not like he’s the President of the United States...wait..oh.
The veterans, military, & citizens of US deserve better than Dem Montana senator Tester who tossed unverified gossip at the press destroying a military Man’s career opportunity. Time 4 Montana to get a Senator with fresh ideas & does due diligence vice attaching military. Maga
Where was the trash buckets ?
Yes, similar to what dopey crooked @realDonaldTrump does every single day to everyone...the disabled, the veterans, the colored....want more jerk??
that Fat greasy POS needs to be taken down, must find dirt on him, Im sure he pays for sex!

Well well well, look what an anon found.......

@seanhannity 
@TuckerCarlson 
…
Was he Swift Boated? Poor baby.
It was @realDonaldTrump job to do an “investigation”it’s what’s called Vetting! If the trump administration had done their job correctly this guy would have just stayed in his job n continued to hand out drugs like the candyman and lie about how much president Lard-ass weighs 
Old Jon knew he wouldn’t be a career swamp politician, couldn’t win another election...so accepted Soros bribe
Maybe not a Bernie Lakehouse.....perhaps mountain cabin in his future
#TakeOneForTeam
#VoteTesterOut 
#MakeMontanaGreatAgain #VoteTesterOut 
#DisgracefulTester 
#LiarTester
Jon Tester is a shameless fat jerk that said things about an honorable man without any evidence and should resign immediately!
BULL$HIT! Trump DID NOT BOTHER to vet his nominee—that “garbage” was MULTIPLE STATEMENTS detailing Jackson’s disastrous conduct! I see Trump isn’t re-nominating Jackson, which tells you everything in those statements was TRUE. #GTFO
"I have people that have been studying [Obama's birth certificate] and they cannot believe what they're finding ...”
That's not what happened. But please remember that he has the support of RNC chairs, so try and point the finger in the right direction.
Right. Just like when Trump did his homework on Obama’s nationality?
Wow let it go. That is still being debated.
Lots of whining red republicans here. @potus is an idiot who thinks rules don’t apply to him and his incompetent and corrupt admin.  Jackson might be fine as a doctor but unqualified to run an agency JUST like tRump. #trumpcirclejerk
You are so wrong and live in deception land. CNN has lied to you.
Who's Fatty Arbuckle? (I swear that's what he looks like.)
That beer gut of his is gross.
It will come back to haunt that 3 jowled slob.
Trump?
Get real, the leaks came from WH staff....he was dispensing drugs to all who wanted them...by Steve Bannons command.
You would expect anything different from DEMs, that would mean they honestly care about the people they represent & their credibility NOT!
Maybe if they actually vetted people before they nominated them it would work out a little better.
And libs shouldnt go around lying and making crap up.
You mean like this..
He didn't crash a car!!!!! But he was a drug dealer, yeah.
Well...duh...sounds like a certain dossier
And apparently the media didn't do any research either.
You're surprised? That's what #Resist is all about. The end justifies any means. 
I hope the good people of Montana dump this a--hole in November. He has no class at all.
But why isn't Dr. Jackson returning as a WH Physician?  Why is @POTUS allowing this to happen.  The docs WH career is ending?  Why?
Still pretending to be balanced and fair, Fox News?
My statement on Rear Admiral Ronny Jackson's decision to withdraw from consideration as Secretary of the @DeptVetAffairs: 
Moral-less hit man
Expel him from Congress!
Tester is not very smart, he is a true democrap!!did you notice the beer belly on testers gut!! A case a day would create such a beer belly!!thats how democraps operate, blame their sins on others!!!hellary a Russian collusion with uranium!! Put the money in 
If someone damages your reputation by slander or libel they can be sued for defamation. Tester’s claims definitely meet this criteria. Would love to see him try to squirm his way out of that.
@SenatorTester RESIGN
So why did Donald back-peddle?
Look at @SenatorTester. Perversion personified.
This is why Tester should be sued for slander. Teach this piece of garbage a lessen and cost him a few bucks. Person like this does not belong in Washington. That’s what’s wrong with DC now, to many slimeball like this.
Jon Tester is a deplorable reaching new lows in congressional smearing of a presidential nominee.  Slimming a good man is vile.
This doctor should sue him for about 20 million dollars for slander
Candy man have been exposed
Karma baby...
See you nuts? How about the  20 military people who corroborated? Wake up Charles and smell the coffee
And it worked...
What did the Republican House do with the Russian investigation? They did a half ass job and dumped their report onto the public scene when it's not worth the paper it's written on.
So what is the Governor of Montana doing about this useless Senator?
I guess it's only ok when #CorruptGOP does it! 

#foxpropagandafortrumpnews 
#FoxNewsisFakeNews 
#fakefoxnews
For a good time call jon.
Truck stop Restore..  no trick stop mens  rest  room is safe on I-90.  He's got his number posted all over
Tester-just another liberal moron without a soul. Sad. Instead of dumping on a good man he should try dumping his dinner plate-or some other diet plan. Maybe that’s why he hates doctors-they tell him things he doesn’t like to hear. Just saying...
Typical left wing behavior! Reprehensible!
Dim wit Dem
Right on Charles, went to press with such venom and no proof, just the usual anonymous sources like the press uses to make up fake news!
If anyone in the real world (we the unelected) did this we'd be in civil court facing very serious libel/slander charges.
Good move Tester
Why can’t the Doctor sue him!
Goodbye testy
So TESTER I WONDER WHAT DIRT THE POTUS HAS ON YOU? IM CURIOUS!!!
Taking a lesson from the FBI, put phony dossier to judge to investigate trump campaign with no evidence of wrong doing.
If you have this kind of  moonbat in Montana , I'm afraid they must be everywhere. Democrats, the party of convicts, corruption and porno.
Tester is waddling his way to a huge loss!
But proper vetting...
Fox, you deliberately re-shape bits and pieces of truth to support your narrative. That’s why you’re Fake Fox News!

People of Montana have a duty now to Dump that scambag tester from office evict that lier who destroyed the life of a real honorable man ..
The moral of this story becomes "don't believe anything you read in the press".
 Oh yeah. Sounds like something Fox News does all the time. Duh.
Testers a real specified of health
I heard tester mollested children in high school
What a slime ball this Tester guy is ! I would hope he gets sued for his comments !
Kinda like dumping a story about a fake birth certificate and then lying about investigating it.
I'm not an Insider to the truth...
One of the things that bothered me the most is the fact that you would think at least two or three people out of 23 would have been willing speak up, sign their name, xcetera.
Slander has been common with both parties.
We don't know, do we ?
Typical Dem
What @realDonaldTrump did was he just went straight to the confirmation and just dumped the whole garbage can of dirt on the committee without doing any sort of vetting
vote useless dems out
Sounds a lot like the house intelligence committee, don't it?
Tester is a hero.  Jackson does not belong in our government, nor should he be practicing medicine. Garbage & lies on Trump TV, as usual.
It’d be like falsely accusing someone of being born in Kenya
You want to put it where it really belongs. The Navy should have investigated the allegations. Rear Admiral Jackson is a serving Naval Officer. There’s a code of conduct.
Every one should tell their sources that if they lie, you will reveal who they are to everyone!
If you do not then you are probably the one lying!
I love to see you Trumptards all eating each other.  It’s delicious for us!
23 coworkers had concerns so Tester did his job and looked into it...it’s called vetting which no one on the right thought important!!!
That’s the far left for you.
Tester is a typical political hack w/no sense of respect for our military. He should resign immediately for being a POS.
Since this guy is essentially “dead man walking,” as it relates to being re-elected, he was designated to fall on his sword by spewing all the garbage on DrJ. Pathetic!!!
Why don't you look into Job Tester's past and current activities and see what comes up
Right because we know how much the GOP respects investigations.
The MSM is complicit in falsely bashing Dr. JACKSON without vetting the allegation. No more truth in news from DIMMS AND their shills in the MSM.
Terrible  OLD WOMEN GOSSIPING OVER BACKYARD FENCE! congressmen SHOULD be above that and actually present FACTS not innuendo and hearsay from unnamed sources! Hope the voters vote you out!
Rather wish Tester had stayed in the fray.  Shed light on what these nasty Dems do.
Keep asking, I know but is this part of Strzok’s plan, to undermine this President’s Admin? So sad to attack someone that worked hard and got several good reviews from several presidents on both sides!
Senator Jon Tester he's just an old cow headed for the slaughterhouse!
Impeach him. He is a liar.
Much like Fox reporting
He investigated. How do you think he found the info that Ronny was a pill popping drunk like trumps brother?
Trump nominated Johnson to the surprise of admin.  No vetting done.  Entire committee, not just Tester, did the vetting for them.  
Completely Trump's fault for using no plan or process.
I wonder when people will find out about @jontester relationships with young boy  prostitutes
- Tester should be removed with haste
Sound like trump you like him remember. Ted Cruz’s  dad  killed Kennedy and  ..........
#PAIDNEWS
And also went to a garbage news media@CNN
Tester must be immediately FIRED! He purposely lied to hurt Admiral Jackson and his family. Unethical and worse devious! @POTUS you should nominate Adm Jackson anyway! Lies should never exempt a good person from a good job!
He did his job something to GOP would know nothing about
He is a fat nincompoop, and will pay for it. Probably was paid to do this.
Tester is giving crew cuts, obesity, and Big Sky Country a bad name.
Charles- you always keep things in perspective...
Too bad he is not on the intelligence committee!  This trump Russia thing would be over and pence would be president
Tester looks and acts like a rabid democrat. There’s enough evidence for a lawsuit against him for defamation.
Arrest tester
It’s what the Dems do. Throw out a bunch of lies and dirt and hope something sticks. They destroy lives just to obstruct  Trump. It is not conservatives dividing us it the left and the fact they commit crime after crime and walk free. will continue unless we start locking them up
@jontester @MontanaDemocrat @MontanaGOP Jon, what kind of values did you learn from your parents? What do you teach your children. Is LYING and SLANDERING values representative of the people of Montana? END JUSTIFY THE MEANS? 
And know the media can do the same to tester
The democrats love this kind of dirt this is what's wrong with r country
That’s what all liberals do. They just walk around vomiting on everyone. No wonder so many people are leaving their party. It’s become very openly bigoted and vile.
I don’t know how you stop this except by voting him out.  This can’t become a political tactic or our nation is really doomed.   It’s just wrong.
