Racist deplorables in 3..2..1
They are waving the Honduran flag.  They are not here because they want to assimilate, they are here to take advantage of our kindness are generosity! Not racist about not wanting people here who don’t care about our country and get handouts with my tax money!
Do you want every MEXICAN or ethnic restaurant in the US to remove their flag they sometimes have in their wall?
No one is talking about Mexicans. You come here, legally or illegally, America is your new home. You can’t come here to reap the security and benefits of this country and not want to be part of it. If you come here illegally, at least show respect and admiration for this country.
People like yourself and @Univision are the reason the DREAMER movement has been ineffective: you want everything, but aren’t willing to put something on the table.
President trump tried removing DACA lol
This makes me sick to my stomach.. #BuildTheWall
I agree! This happened in France. Remember how the people of France were holding welcome sign? Now remember how the people from France are being run over by vans?! 
The First Lady of France said it's safe to walk the streets...over there
Safe for her, in her neighborhood..  Not so in some other neighborhoods.  I was attacked thrice there
She has guards around her. It's ashame no one really is safe.
These animals actually think they have a right to come into our country. This is horrible. We should fire tear gas over the wall and make them scatter. Arm the border agents with tranquilizer guns and shoot people trying to cross illegally.
Animals? I have never met u and already know you're not a Christian. Nothing wrong w not being one of course just pointing out I know ur not one.
I am a Christian. I'm calling them animals because of the way they are acting. Take that politically correct nonsense out of here.
No your not. You in no way are representing a single value of Jesus or how he treated people. No shame in not being one though. Own it.
Should put 440 volts to the fence
I'd pitch into pay the electric bill.
We'll just use solar power... help the environment and all
Scary people " I just want to feed my family". Wow Republican/Fox hysterical propaganda.
They don’t look starved and feed them in Mexico! Not off tax paying Americans. You want to feed them be my guest go over there and spend your money on them! Leave us out of it!
He wants to work, so he can feed them. Shameful isn t it?
We have veterans who need work and other unemployed Americans. He can work in another country. Thanks we need to take care of our own first!
I don't see Veterans in line for pick up by the vans taking migrant workers to the fields to pick your fruits and vegetables 6 days a week 10 hour days. I  don't see any whites either. It's such a great way to make a living.
I do see in line a bunch of migrants waiting for food stamps and free insurance and teaching all@their children in public schools which is thousands in itself for their esol benefits and extra teacher!
Someone drank the kool-aid. I c them in food lines too at the churches in our area. I c them paying for food with quarters. I c them sleeping in bunk beds 8 2 a room. I c them getting brain cancer because big agribusiness sprays chemials on the fields when they are in them
Well then they should stay in their country if our fields are so dangerous. What’s your point. Sip some juice some kool aid maybe you can make a valid one after you have a sip.
These criminal caravans will definitely do one thing:
Remind voters in this election year why we can not vote for a single democrat for any level of office.
These criminal caravans help solidify the message of strong borders and law & order
Exactly!  Thank you.
It’s almost like Democrats are trying to lose in the mid-terms. This is a disgrace.
No they are trying to bring more votes in
Plain and simple. The first priority of a government is protection of it’s citizens. This is an INVASION!  It HAS TO be dealt with!  NOW!!
I HOPE THEY HURRY UP AND STOP THIS CRAP BEFORE THEY ALL COME IN THE USA!  American citizens first! 
Why are they acting so entitled to come over illegally? Do it the right way so you can pay the same taxes that  we do. Be fair and do it correctly. Shame on Americans that are motivating this. How about letting some strangers squat on your house and you have to pay the bills.
Just imaging me waking up to a group of random people outside my house banging on my door demanding entry to live, not have the same responsibilities as me, and my own brothers and sisters calling me yelling at me to allow these random people entry. At Least help me pay rent
It is up to everyday Americans to stop this!  Vote out every politician that won’t support a wall, changing the law that allows people to go free until a hearing and free aid to stay illegally.

A liberal idiot!!!
It's interesting to see how many people have scaled the multi-billion dollar wall.
That old wall is from the 90’s it’s a fence not a wall... ! Wait till we get the wall!
Even military specialists couldn't climb the prototypes, and they spent 3 days trying. 

That's exactly what we need
Drone sentries flying all day and night firing missiles or stun darts.
Our President better put a STOP to this now!!!  They are not pursecuted refugees...they do not need protection from anything and they need to be stopped.
What is he going to do have troops open fire on unarmed people? Oh wait that sounds like something another country is doing I wonder who.
yeah, and they aren't carrying guns either lol
This person wants them shot.
If military shot invaders it would definitely discourage future invasions.
They can stay in Mexico!!!!
I work in political field here in NV.  Many ppl moving from CA to NV due to Illegal immigration, cost of living, regulations etc YET they're registering as DEMS! They are voting for the very politicians/policies that drove out of CA!

If you support this , stay out of Nevada!
I see it too.
Remember that analogy of the frog sitting in the pot of water until it was boiled to death-Just like the politicians, they want the laws for all excluding themselves.
@realDonaldTrump This is not immigrants seeking asylum, this is an invasion and should be treated as such.
AMEN TO THAT!
Build the wall! Why do they  want to come here as they wave their country’s flag! Makes me sick! Wave it back to your country! Get out of here!
Like those traitor Conferderate flag waving hee haws ?? Give me a break. One can love their country of origin and US, where did your family come from ??
I’m sure your a foreign flag waver. Confederate flags are still American. My ancestors came from Italy legally through Ellis island !  I love my heritage but I’m an American and I wave the American Flag!
This is unacceptable.! We cannot set a precedent by letting people cross our borders and then claim asylum. If things were as bad as they say in Honduras we would be flooded with not 100’s but 1000’s of people. Deny their entry. There’s  other countries they can go to. #WHCD
I agree 100%.Its not our responsibility to accept every fake asylum seeker on the planet. Lets get real, we know why they want to come in. Free welfare, medical, housing, cars etc. This has to stop.
They were brought by the Democrats. Just look at the signs they carry.
Yes, exactly
Stop them now.  Build the wall
You could swim around the wall
no I will vote red
These invaders have no right to be in our country. If their country is so bad then stay and fix it but do not expect us to take care of you. Enough is enough!
Agreed,
Stop,. get the National Guard .!!!
What is wrong with Mexico? A: not enough welfare.
Tear gas, rubber bullets, and fire hoses.
Who is footing the bill. Follow the  $$$. This is an invasion on the US
WTH  is going on at our borders ?? Americans have to sit & watch this on LIVE  t.v  ?? Where are our border control agents & the National Guard !!
They do not have respect for their home countries to stay and make a difference, What makes you think they would have respect for the USA?
This people have no voice in their home countries, different from people living in US. All of central and south american countries are contaminated by political corruption, and people have no option some times. It’s so sad.
Our country is polluted with political corruption. So lets add gasoline to our own fire?
Send them back!! Send the national guard!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just not the California national Guard their Governor is useless
I live in Cali... Jerry Brown is more than useless. He’s like a destructive toddler overseeing a kingdom of LEGOs.....
Is there a border patrol not doing anything about all of this, are we going to let them just come on over?
Our lousy immigration will have to allow them if they put one foot on American soil!  How’s that for a law?
Isn’t that disgusting. Liberal judges. It’s illegal and they still let it happen
We don't want them here. They should stay in their countries and fight for their rights there. No more free lunch from us.
Apparently you skipped the part in the Bible about love, compassion and help thy neighbor. #fakeChristian
People who break our laws have no respect for God
This is an invasion on the USA.  No US citizen is safe!  This needs to STOP NOW!!! Main reason Trump was voted for was to STOP illegal aliens from taking our country over!!!!

Send them back. #NOENTRY
You and your tired words no longer affect us. It's clear to see. You are hysterical. You aren't even open to discussing the issue, just blinded by ignorance and hate for your nation. You lack reason and compunction.
Do not let them cross.  Very simple.  They have No Right to cross our border.
As an immigrant this is deeply disturbing ... I came to this country bc my country was lawless and now this? Zero respect towards the country you wish to adopt you? No way Jose !
As someone who waited in line, like millions of others, I find the Democrats and their lawlessness dangerous.
If military shot invaders it would definitely discourage future invasions.
Why the heck are they preparing to cross into our country illegally?  Is this a set up paid for by Soros?
Yep !!!
This is what the Democrap's socialist Liberal idiots want. They have forgotten about Americans and let's give everything to Illegal scum WAKE UP PEOPLE DON'T LET THE @HouseDemocrats @TheDemocrats @TheDemCoalition @LibDems
What the hell are they doing on the wall! Get'em @realDonaldTrump should tell Mexico to stop them or he will put so much military there they will think are about to invade
Where's ICE??
We're being invaded! Shoot those mofos off the fence. Don't pussyout on us. A couple good shots and they should disperse.
Is that the new wall? It's rusty already
No it’s a fence from the 90s
Send them home, enough is enough.
Why we need a big beautiful Wall!
Lock-n-load
And they will get to stay on technicalities . This is unfair to all Americans, and American taxpayers in particular . You will be footing the bill once again.Where is the Justice in this country. No welfare for illegals. Deport!  NO technicalities.We R not worlds dumping ground
They demonstrate against the country they want in to, they celebrate the flags of where they are supposedly oppressed, they joke and laugh, they don’t seem oppressed or starving or injured or anything that would speak to asylum? So Mexico keep them, feed them, house them..
@POTUS are you watching??
Hmm I wonder where they got those printed signs from.
Tear gas and rubber bullets will prevent the crossing.
Leach off of American Tax Payers.
When did the word Illegal loose its meaning?
Let's hope these illegals, if they do cross the border, assimilate themselves, and gain a firm grasp of the English language, right Dave?
If they're speaking English for the purpose of applying for citizenship status.

Someone should sling shot the ones on top of the fence right in the forehead.
No, just shoot. They will scatter like roaches with gunfire shot at them! Get lost! Legal citizens can’t afford healthcare, rent, NOTHING and a big reason is because of these assholes stealing jobs and not paying taxes!
These people are sitting on our wall waving their flag! Call this Caravan what it really is... AN INVASION #BuildTheWall #MAGA #KAG
Melania’s Family??
No Obama’s oh wait they’re all already in public housing my mistake
You’re kinda cute. Too bad you’re a white nationalist
I was totally not expecting that type of comment...

They call our president crazy and a psychopath but want the U.S. to let them in? No! Go back to your country, apply and get in line like everyone else.
Start shooting.. they’ll run away
Arrest the ppl who paid for this attack on our boarder
SOROS and friends
Arrest them
This is what the @DNC wants America to look like! US troops should enter Mexico to stop them! @realDonaldTrump we can’t let the inmates run the asylum!!!
Where is law enforcement? The guard? This is bullshit.
Repulsive.

BUILD THE WALL.
How are they going to be stopped? This may get bad. Ugh. I don't see this ending well at all....

thnx wet-backs
A woman I work with called my 3 yr old grandson a wet back to my face. I was appalled I was so angry I wanted to hit something but I didn't. You're racist! And there is nothing uglier on this planet than that. Maybe that's the reason there's no picture on your profile.
Whatever happened to the group of armed civilians patrolling the border?
Electrify the fence!
Not the best Christian are you, and I don’t think Jesus would love your idea to electrocute his flock
I should of thought about that! Darn!
Ready, Aim, Fire!
Bite me douche.
I notice you did not disagree with the statement ;-)
Open your door to the herd. Typical snowflake response. Have a different opinion and your racist. Cap a few and they'll turn around
If these people are really fleeing their countries and asking for Asylum than why are they not asking Mexico for Asylum? Because they are not seeking asylum they just want to come to The United States. They are told that the US government will give them money, food and housing.
Light it up with 110 volts!
Keep those cameras rolling boys.  We need some good shots of illegals jumping the border for the mid-term election commercials.
@DHSgov @POTUS  The invaders are jumping the fence to enter our Country. Where are the troops?  Microchip them if they claim refugees status, I promise they would rather go home.
Build that damn wall, spray some blackflag on it.
Where's at @DHSgov and @ICEgov ?
If the immigrants are so desperate to enter. Why aren’t they wearing red, white, and blue and singing God bless America?
Nice day for a water cannon
As soon as the reporter started talking about how the caravan members had been coached on what to say, they began chanting to drown him out.  Super believable that they are fleeing persecution and want to become fully integrated citizens.  #BuildTheWall #StopTheCaravan
Where are the gurardsmen?
They look very well fed and clothed for persecuted ppl...
Why doesn't Mexico give them asylum?
DONT LET THEM IN.
BUILD THE WALL.
Dude there's a wall right there just look at the video lol
No shit Sherlock, a wall the illegals can’t climb....a TRUMPWALL
Look everyone
Look at the entitled, obnoxious, self important, illegal parasites who want to come to America 

Oh and look on our side- its a bunch of entitled, obnoxious, self important liberal Americans who are making Trump look better & better every second
Animals
QUICK! Someone send all the liberals in LA to warn them of how racist, sexist, and oppressive we are! Have the liberals tell them how they would be SOOOO much better off in Norway or Switzerland!
I am so sorry to All California residents who agree with #ImmigrationReform However, you can keep everyone of those #Illegals in your state #Moonbeam #BuildTheWall #POTUS45
I hope George Soros goes broke supporting these criminals.
Electrify it asap.
They’re all dressed nice and have smart phones. How dumb is this country?
Why can't the American people/anyone prosecute those organizations and individuals supporting/training/instigating these acts of illegal entry into US - they should be charged with being an accessory/aiding and abetting
Don’t let them in. They have no right to demand to be let in.
This is bullshit

in History whenever an invading army is at your border you shoot first and then sort through the carnage
Shoot the invaders
Invaders shoot them all dead
Scary. Disgusting. Sad. #buildthewall
So sick of this invasion on our borders...vote out all the liberals who allow this to happen! We taxpayers are paying the costs legal, healthcare, education, food and housing for these people who do not respect us or our laws! Enough of this @POTUS @DHSgov @AGJeffBSessions
Please take “God bless” off of your profile ... it’s highly apparent that you don’t believe in anything Christ believed in.  #fakeChristian
Why because I want them to follow our laws. If everyone in the world came here that wanted to we would not have a country! Feel free to sponsor them and let them live with you so you can support them.
What part of they are applying for asylum do you not understand?  Here I’ll make it easier for you ... they are following our processes and laws.
No need to be condescending I am educated and up to date on all current events but thanks!
Not being condescending.  Have you ever spoken to an immigrant seeking asylum or citizenship?  Have you ever researched or looked st actual data?  If so you would realize that all the gang talk and drugs and rapists etc. are all scare tactics.
Tell it to the Angel Moms and Dads. I just want people completely vetted before the are given free reign in our country. The gangs are sending young men here posing as unaccompanied minors seeking asylum. We just need to do this carefully.
In seeking asylum they will be vetted.  That’s part of the process.  That’s why Sessions did a press conference and stated there will be extra lawyers and judges available at the entry point.  All requests won’t be honored and these people know that.
It’s disgusting how quickly people forget they’re human. Whether you agree or not with what they’re doing they’re not aliens  or anything else outside of human beings
so it's okay to enter this country illegally? Why not stay in mexico?
If you actually read my tweet, you’d see I state “whether you agree or not” regardless of my or anyone’s opinion, they’re human. Question science, not me.
"SI SE PUEDE! SI SE PUEDE!" 

Really? Chanting YES WE CAN during the act of committing a crime? 

That alone should see each and every one of them in the caboose and on a fast bus to Mexico City.  They created this monster. They can deal with it.
Asign families to every Democrat Senator or Congress family. Make them100% financially responsible for them permanently.
Agree. Every Democrat needs to pay for them and the sanctuary city's need to surrender there federal aid NOW....including Albuquerque, NM
We need patriots with 12 gauge shotguns to guard our borders and help our border patrol agents get the job done because the Democrats and the left wing liberals thinks that this is a game and we can't stand idle and let this happen this is a blatant disregard for the rule of law
Start sniping them off the top of the fence!!This just shows we need to drop a Nuke right about,,,There!!!!!!
So you want to illegally come to US? But why are you waving your flag?
Stop them from crossing!
Where is Chuck Schumer now? I thought he and all the Dems said there in NO need for a wall!!!!!
Start arresting, ICE, Border Guards. Do your job!
Get some long poles and push those asshats off
Send in the Marines, it is a hostile invasion.
Only in the US. Our Congress is useless to not change the law so that they can immediately be shipped right back (zero detention) to where they came from. Have cargo planes on the tarmac waiting. You want asylum go thru legal channels. Enough is enough.
Time for vigilantes to put a stop to this once and for all. This is an outrageous affront on ANY person who is law abiding, and since no one is standing up legally to stop them, then desperate times call for desperate measures.
Fox news reporter on wrong side of the wall. and the wrong side of America.
Fox news who's side are you on?
I hear #Syria has room! They don’t have a wall either so go there!
This is an ASSAULT to USA! Nastradamas predicts, it's going to come from within that will bring the "END TIMES". It's not NK, Russia, or even China who are our BIGGEST threat, it is the DemonCraps, the RINO's & the Globalist NWO terrorists who is the BIGGEST THREAT!
Where is ICE, the National Guard? Send these people back immediately. This is a farce that has gone on long enough
put a gate up so they can't put a foot on our soil!!!!!! If they don't go through the gate and step on our soil, send them back immediately!! No courts!! Out you go!!!!!
They escaped their "horrific" supposed conditions and made it to Mexico.  That is exactly where they should stay. 

But we all know escaping their alleged conditions never was the goal. Their goal has been to get across our border.

And not one should be allowed to. Kids, or not.
So you’re telling me that news crews can go there and see this, but the border patrol or National Guard can’t go and stop it?? @realDonaldTrump

Ready aim fire! 
Realize on the USA side immigrants are Waving Flags of other countries! Not USA = they don't want to be Americans only wants USA $! Go back!
maybe the border patrol should Shoot on sight and I can guarantee that this will go away!
Loving how triggered Republicans are over this. Trolling at it's greatest!
How come Mexico has not apprehended these illegal immigrants in their country?
Shoot them
I mean. It's what I'd do if someone were climbing my fence into my yard. Then again, I'm a Texan...
Tell those protesters we already have enough protesters here. And we can’t read their professionally printed signs anyway.
Send them to California
NO!!!!!!
Break out the rubber bullets! No climbing wall!
Why are they being allowed to cross? We need stricter laws! This is insanity!
Why isn’t our military at the boarder. Secure it just as every other country does
How do these individuals have the right to protest to break our sovereign country’s laws?
I don’t understand!! It’s unbelievable this invasion. They don’t scare of the national guard or patrol agents!!!
Send in the National Guard! They need to be stopped!
How is this not considered an invasion?
  At any other border in the world and they'd get shot!
Send them all back!

Interesting they hold flags from different countries other than the American flag. DEPORT!
Talk about rubbing our faces in it, aided and abetted by the dems. Give us tax dollars $$$$$ back DC SWAMP for all our money you steal from us by letting in illegal aliens. @GOP @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
These people come in to our country illegally I will not vote on the wall because this has failed and the train will keep rolling thousand more of illegals ...Next week...It’s time for the military to take action now
Our laws on immigration is broke!
Sorry closed for business. Go home.
When dealing with gang violence in any country their gov't should be taking action to stop violence. Ppl should not have to move or leave their country of origin. So why hasn't the gov't of Venezuala or Mexico gotten this issue under control? Money for their gov't seems the ans.
This is completely insane! The US simply cannot house the entire globe!! People need to fix their own countries!! Coming to the #USA is not going to fix the endless problems!! #Truth
Also shows how shitty Mexico and other countries are, yet they fly those flags when they are here.
@realDonaldTrump come on Mr President !!!! STOP this crap. Don’t let them in !!!!
Has anyone ever thought to arrest those who are “coaching” the illegals?
"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that ALL men are created equal, that THEY are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness" So by these words they have a Right to be here #letthemin
We need a border wall to avoid invasion.
They need to be forecefully prevented from crossing up to and including deadly force. 

I know that is terribly unpopular but they are purposely and publicly INVADING our SOVEREIGN NATION.
And these what you say skilled people??? Yeah skilled in climbing fences. You cannot expect them to obey laws if they cannot even follow simple law as immigration. Mexico isnt doing anything. Send the military!
@realDonaldTrump mr. President you should use executive power and prevent this from happening to our country these people are illegals and do not deserve Asylum our country is being invaded by illegals because Democrats want their votes
Call the National Guard to block their entrance.  Make them request asylum from Mexico.  To hell with the laws?
Look at the DISRESPECT!! Chanting behind the reporter! Having a party at the fence, climbing the fence! It's a show of force and of complete disrespect for our nation and our laws! And they Demand WE help THEM!
#StopTheInvasion! #StopTheCaravan! Have some PRIDE America!
They want to apply for disability and food stamps thats all
Deliberately allowed to happen by Mexico... why wouldn’t they keep from entering Mexico their southern border? They will now be their responsibility for them, not USA!  Americans not fooled by the sympathy game.  It’s now more of an invasion, can’t take more illegal have enough!
These illegals actually think they have a right to come here. Look how emboldened they are by the lefts rettoric. They were safe the minute they got into mexico. They have no right continuing to the US. That was their mission all along, not safety. Hose them off the fence.
Get the firing squad !!
GET SOME FIREHOSES. SEEMS CRUELBUT NOT. THEY HAVE TOKNOW THEY CANT DO THIS ANYMORE
If these illegals weren't guaranteed to vote democrat. The Clinton's and Obama's would be there personally beating them with sticks as they tried to cross the border.
NEED TO START SHOOTING ON SITE. THEYLL GO BACK DOWN.
Why aren't the army snipers on the other side talking them down like empty cans?

This is not #immigration, this is a clear #INVASION! @POTUS @GOP
Kinda strange that they are told to say they are trying to avoid gang violence when they look like they are the gang. Scary
Video RT
STOP ! I’m tired of paying for Government programs that don’t work and for people that don’t belong here !
Well this is certainly a flagrant in your face movement.
Our political leaders on both sides are a disgrace, American Taxpayers do not want to support these people,( medical,housing,food,child benefits) they have done nothing for America but burden taxpayers,WE TREAT ILLEGALS IMMIGRANTS BETTER THEN OUR VETERANS,or MILITARY 1/2
POTUS had better put a stop to this NOW! If he thinks NK is a threat this is more. All these illegals are heading straight to welfare aka as taxpayers funded goodies bag.
Get the busses ready, destination Honduras.....
They need to seek asylum in Mexico!!!
This pictures don’t really help these people.. Anger in the American people is growing.
Knock their ass of that fence with water cannons
Land mines on the USA side electric fence and turrets
Eliminate welfare and the all the bad parts of immigration will go away.
Cartel infiltrated.
Cartel owned.
what do they not understand about ILLEGAL is ILLEGAL? Outrageous that this is even happening,build that Wall and let those abiding the law come here LEGALLY......
All this does is to confirm President Trump as well as his supporters are right. Keep these people out!!!
Our Country Under Attack And Live On TV.SOME Here May Kill An American In The Future?
The women and children are very dangerous. Be careful.
Your taxpayer dollars at work, just not for you.
If Mexico had a secure Southern border this wouldn’t be an issue.  Not to mention the Mexican government routinely gives them free passage through Mexico.
@RealTT2020

Replying to @FoxNews 
Gimme Shelter
@realDonaldTrump &
@realErinCruz

#BuildTheWall
Follow @realErinCruz
#ErinCruzUSSenateCA
http://VoteErinCruz.com  


Retweet
Mandate all states require use of E-verify than these folks will be forced to go back and fix their country to get jobs.
Travel ban blocks US citizen from bringing daughter back into the country to treat her for cerebral palsy.
send them to Guantanamo for processing
Where's this guy when you need him ? #CaravanOfIllegalls
Doesn’t matter they’re reason. They’re criminals themselves if they come in illegally. For every illegal the US should deport one lawyer. It’ll get fixed quickly.
Rubber bullets
Our LAWS are meaningless. Stand by and watch them prove it.

Where’s @SecNielsen of DHS & Border Patrol? Illegal immigrants from the caravan scale the wall in Tijuana as they attempt to seek asylum in the United States!! 
Fleeing or BRINGING* gang violence?
2 words.
Sniper. Rifle.
Mexican security is like Boward county police hiding behind women and cars.
Go back to your country there is no asylum here
