Wolf was reflecting this administrations vulgarity, and if you're one of those that admire this President for 'telling it like it is ', and have a problem with this, you all might be one of those special yellowflakes. *snowflake that’s been pissed on*
One has nothing to do with the other. Women don't attack women. Feminist don't attack women about their looks. True women don't do this kind of thing. Conservative or liberal as a woman It's very disappointing
Last night was a roast, it was jokes. When Trump does it he's not joking. So there's that difference.
Again, I'm not talking about Trump I'm talking about the fact that real women don't do this to other women. it's an unspoken code
BS. I've seen plenty of women do this to other women. It was a roast, that's what happens at a roast. Get some thicker skin if you can't take jokes.
"Women don't attack women"?? Is this your first day being a woman??
Not directed at you.
Nor mine to you! 
Doesn’t Sarah disrespect the media & the public by constantly lying when she steps up to the podium? Boohoo we should all feel terrible!  LOL.
That was insane, and really shows how out of touch with reality the Democrats really are. Insane.
Do you need a safe space?
Nope, never said I did.
Sure you did. Trump attacks people everyday and people like you run out and celebrate. Drop that shoe on your toes, and suddenly it's tissue time. Grow the hell up. They were jokes. You wanna hear rude, I got something you can cry about.
They weren’t jokes.
You’re right. They weren’t jokes. It was just locker room talk. Your political correctness is really out of control.
Where the heck was the locker room?  I hate seeing anyone humiliated and it was really tacky.
Woosh WAY OVER YOUR HEAD

I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..

...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
But a comedian made fun of them. Its not fair......lol snowflakes are funny
Apparently Wolf’s jokes weren’t PC enough for Trump supporters. The roast was too much heat for them to stand.
That’s ok. I think it’s shameful & disgusting to be working for a man who had 19 women accuse him of sexual assault, who admitted assaulting them on tape, who can’t string a sentence together without lying, who is blatantly racist. I guess I have a different threshold 
That's how you do it Garry. Vilify someone, which makes you feel like you have the right to say anything about them and do anything to them. P.S. Everything you just said is false. As to the women, the cases I checked were either ridiculous, debunked, or distortion of truth.
You checked Angel?  Everything you just said is false, rofl!  Hello, Access Hollywood ring a bell?  Suppose you have a copy of @MichaelAvenatti & Stormy's disk too.  Got any unique bridges for sale?
#Snowflakes
I agree, looks should be off limits. But then again @mercedesschlapp you support a president who makes a career out of doing this very thing time and time again.
She said she made a perfect smokey eye by using ash from burned facts.
So very mild compared to what @realDonaldTrump spews about women.
Or what Republicans spewed about Michelle or Hillary
Oh please Killary is a Corrupt lying pos, and Michelle oh please he’s so in American!!
When you refer to Hillary as "Killary", and you refer to Michelle as "he", you lose any and all credibility in anything you might have to say going forward. All it does is label you with a scarlet letter "T" for Troll.
I want to thank purported "comedienne" @michelleisawolf for proving that the center right is correct for saying that "journalism" is driven not by "truth" but by hate for anything not far left. I am glad this "awards" show picked her. Helped our cause tremendously. Congrats.
Your cause?  Which is?  To make the US white again, oh wait. . ..
False allegations?
Sarah Sanders LIES at every press conference for Trump the disgraceful president that lies every time he opens his mouth or types a tweet.
Michelle Wolf was spot on!
It's ok.  We love Sarah
Listening to your false propaganda every day is what's disgusting. Michelle just did what needed to be done. #lies
It did highlight the left only supports liberal women and not ALL women. Extremely disgusting but typical behavior of the left.
I think you need to find a safe space, snowflake.
Lol you mean like the fact the term snowflake was created to describe millennials by a liberal college professor? Try again I’m a baby boomer, we weren’t raised with safe spaces or crying rooms Rofflmao.
This is what the Left is all abt.. if you do not conform, they will cut you down.  So much for the metro movement and support if women.. the left are the most racist, sexist hypocrites around.
Are you phucking serious. Trump and his supporters daily attack the last FLOTUS, HRC, their daughters, congresswomen, female reporters, and anyone they disagree with. When Trump does it, I hear the right constantly say well he's not politically PC. Talk about hypocrisy
Do you not understand that Sarah Sanders is not Trump. Go after him all you want.
@PressSec is Trump.  She stands up at that podium virtually every day & lies for him, lies to protect his 3rd grade mentality and lies to stir the base.  She is Trump without the empty ball sacs and mini penis.  She deserves every criticism, joke or indictment that comes her way.
Classic liberal. No fact just personal attacks.
@mercedesschlapp this wasn’t about appearance it was about the lies she tells every day. Funny this is on @FoxNews the entertainment network where the truth is never told and lies have found a permanent home.
Some in the media have become as disgusting as the scum in the bottom of a barrel of bad wine. Is this what they teach in journalism school?  Disrespect a woman for her looks?  Respectable media right and left should speak out.
Disgraceful...the Left has no “too low”...they’re gutter scum
Now she knows how most of us feel about her constant lying for trump
Name just one lie, you war monger
Where do I start, let's start with stormy, the wall, Obama care, attendance at his inauguration, his lawyer there are more but texting and driving don't mix.
And don't forget 2 scoops of ice cream, grow up you petty fool
Just like a trump supporter can't Express yourself with childish comments...you're beneath my level see you in November.
Remember when Trump said a woman was too ugly to rape? That was fine with you.
But Trump can talk about a woman's face after plastic surgery?
when did he do that as president?
And "sleepy eyes Chuck?"
It was just locker room talk. Get over it. Jeeze, PC culture is really getting out of control. #Snowflakes.
So unprofessional, sexist and sick. I guess there is no hope for the hateful press.
She didn't go after her looks. And didn't Mr. Trump go after Megyn Kelly's and Mika Brzynski (sp?) looks?
Plus Carly Fiorina and many of his assault victims
1.  What happen to women supporting women
2.  Why was the mic not cut
3.  Let's see who (in attendance) publicly condones her vial actions
4.  Trump needs to conduct the Monday WH Press briefing and reprimand the media
5.  That's why Trump didn't go, most of the media are animals
BTW, if a "White comedian" would have said things like that to a black person, they would immediately be call a racist.  Mainstream Dems/Libs are double standard/vial human beings.
What is shameful and disgusting is how SHS plays fast and loose with the truth at Trump’s every whim.  She sold her own decency and integrity to a megalomaniac and took US govt credibility with her.  She earned this scorching and then some.
Sold her soul to the devil
Hahaha, there goes wolf’s career, just went to crap with her nasal voice.
@FoxNews it was just locker room talk girl to girl... oh wait
Yeah Mercedes must be like a meeting with your boss Trump. Shameful. He has changed what’s decent and respectful.
And yet where has the outrage been over all the times the POTUS has gone after others for the same thing. Or the right going after Michelle Obama for her looks. Last night was a roast, what I see spewed by Trump supporters daily is not them joking. Get some thicker skin
Trump gets plenty of flack for the things he says.
No, the right makes excuses and defends him no matter what he says. They constantly are saying we elected him b/c he doesn't speak PC
Not arguing. He was elected for whatever reason. It’s still not ok, imo, to trash SHS.
Sarah was called out, nothing more. She's a public official and what she experienced was simply part of her job. Michelle Wolfe was taking pot shots at both sides so it wasn't like Sarah was being singled out.
We have our own opinions
You're selective outrage is appalling You weren't this upset when RW'ers were depicting the Obama's as 's and calling him Kenyan You weren't upset when 45 called Hispanics "rapists" or when he said "grab em by their pu$$y" the list goes on #GirlBye miss us w/the hypocritical bs
Amen!
So it's OK for the @PressSec to bash journalists and lie to the American people on a dialy basis, but not OK for someone to poke fun at her? #Sad

Poor widdle trumpflakes.
#Trumpflakes!  Oh this has to become a thing.  Especially after mocking a disabled reporter and the dandruff putdown.
#Trumpflake 
Coservatives can sure as hell dish it out but can't take it.
Who needs a safe space now? LOL!!
I thought Wolf was telling it like it is and found it very refreshing! Laughed my tushie off at Sarah’s rigid, uptight expression. Get a sense of humor kiddies!
You’re ok with it when Trump does it. Not so “fair and balanced” anymore, are you?
Awww. Poor snowflake. 
The vulgarities on both sides have gotten out of hand.  The can be no civil discourse on any issues as long as this continues.  All this does is entrench the division between us all.

She'll get hers, I'm sure that PIS so called comedian has a ton of skeletons in her closet!! #KARMAFORMICHELLE #MAGA
Its mind blowing how all you dems lack any kind of common sense to see things for what and how they really are. You are all sooo predictable!
How about once referring to him as “President” Trump and I could do without the F bombs.
... but that is literally what POTUS does everyday to private citizens. Is this not what we’re doing now?
What is truly disgusting is a WH Press Secretary who lies to the American people every time she steps on the podium. Nothing a comic can say is as shameful and despicable as that. Nothing.
And it’s not shameful when Trump does the same? Spare us the fake outrage.
Umm, actually complimented her on the perfect smokey eye. And called her out for constantly lying, which she does. Not sure what your problem is.
Bears repeating
All this fake outrage over jokes about how SHS makes the perfect smoky eye is ridiculous.   You defend a POTUS who has tweeted and bullied people all over social media.  A man who has fat shamed women and YOU CHOOSE to let things said at a roast offend you?  Give it a rest.
Dearest Mercedes - how is what was said at the WHCD any different from the disparaging words spewing forth from the mouth of djt????  Ya can’t have it both ways ...
Also, dearest Mercedes, you've had housekeepers, gardners, nannies and more. Please tell me again your definition of elite?
Gardeners


She didn't go after her looks. She went after her incessant lies.
Where were you when Trump used these words to insult others in his tweets? In his speeches? He’s the president, and he has set a low bar. Michelle Wolfe's jokes were way above that bar!
She should have been mocking disabled people like @realDonaldTrump
Diamond, Silk, Mercedes, Cadillac, Sapphire, Amethyst, Cashmere, and F’n Sean “Welfare Queen” Hannity.  FOX has only High Class Crisis Actors to bring the Gospel.
Isn't the irony wonderful.....the "President" goes after peoples looks, jobs and makes false accusations on an almost hourly basis. We also find that disrespectful, shameful, and disgusting.  See how that works?
Sleepy-eyed Chuck, Lyin’Ted, Megan with the blood coming out...
Sarah Huckabee Sanders stands on the podium daily to dish out sarcastic remarks to the WH Press. She berates them and implies that they report fake news while she regurgitate lies from 45 to the American people daily. Selective Outrage #Hypocrites Sad
Thank you for doing what was right.
Isn't that what @FoxNews did to @HillaryClinton? #confused
#grabembythepussy
So, the guy who defended racist remarks to the former RNC chair at his CPAC meeting was suddenly offended by a comedian making fun of @PressSec. Hypocrisy lives ain conservative circles.
Can you find nothing wrong with tromp demeaning handicap people, calling people by derogatory nicknames and lying constantly. At least Ms. Wolff told the truth through comedy. FoxNewsNetwork can’t make that claim. Lies and harmful propaganda is their stock and trade.
You #snowflakes didn’t mind Trump mocking a disabled reporter did you?
It is okay for POTUS to talk about anyone he feels and it’s appropriate but when a comedian said a joke is offensive, can’t have it both ways. BTW, would it be appropriate if it was a republican comedian!!!!
So the standards for a sitting President are lower than a comedian? 

#MAGA peeps, see how fox is using emotion to
Control you?

Well, at least no one GRABBED HER PUSSY or MOCKED HER FOR BEING DISABLED or said she was BLEEDING FROM SOMEWHERE, etc, etc, etc
Fox ripped off their viewers ..did you see that?? just as the miniskirted bimbo was about to shift her legs they cut to a different shot .. The Trumpkins literally fell off the edge of their chair and got their foreskins caught in their fly ... 
If you can't stand the heat then GTF out of the kitchen. When you start to be outraged by the awful things that the #MAGA #ShitHolePresident spews daily then we'll care other than that GTH! #WCHD
Do they not understand the intention of a roast? lol I thought #MichelleWolf was good. Its a tough gig and she did it pretty well. P.S. Trump sent only women to the #WHCD ? He knew they would be roasted.
Yep! And he the coward was afraid to go.

You literally could substitute “Sarah” with at least a dozen other female names in the news/government/entertainment and attribute it to @realDonaldTrump and no one would bat an eye...
How does it feel? Trump does that stuff all the time. Going after looks..etc. need proof? You know it’s out there. Man up Snowflake!
Because #VeryStableGenius never goes after looks. He’s always classy. #YeahRight
Bahahaha.. come on now.. just having fun. Perhaps que the video of Drumpf saying something about a ex-POTUS or ex-1st Lady. Because Sara is JUST the POTUS mouthpiece.
Mercedes, you managed to show up for the @MSNBC party though, huh? You're kind of manipulative aren't you.
Unlike Sarah she told the truth
Too bad Fox wasn't this upset about Trump doing this...
snowflakes - the whole lot of you
But when Trump, hannity or ingraham does it, it is perfectly OK.
The Trump bullies getting bullied and now whining about it and playing the victim. LOL!!
No person should have to take this abuse as part of their job.  Sanders and Conway should skip this nasty event and spend the night with their families.  Trump's base doesn't watch it or even care about it.
Correct. However, they went down in a ball of fire. #WeGoHighMyAss
Just to make sure I understand, jokes about eye makeup are bad, but this gets you elected president.

Got it...
Wolf crossed the line. Everybody knows this. SHS is a true professional doing her job AND she was a guest on the dias.   Libs and DemocRATS hate Trump so much that you are guilty of overreach.  #WHCA

Sanders plays the same role Fox News does, gaslighting America. The flames out, the room is filling with gas, and Mueller is waving lit matches around. Have a nice day.
Snappy comeback, Pee Wee.
Pee wee. Isn't that the Russian hooker tape thing or is that pee pee?
Yes it was......
"@Don_Vito_08: "A picture is worth a thousand words" @realDonaldTrump  #LyingTed #NeverCruz  @MELANIATRUMP "
But you loved it when Fox and RW press talked badly of First Lady Obama!
"smokey eyes" is wrong but racist trump saying "sleepy eyes" is ok. That was the reference she was making.  You guys are so racist you don't care about trump using derogatory words about Jews, getting an all white crowd in Michigan to boo Hispanics, on and on and on. But no jokes
In today’s world, those who cry foul over the poor treatment of women are the very one’s,  who it seems, actually treat women most poorly.  Check yourselves or sit down!
Say women who are mandated to show their legs on tv
Basically commenting on Sanders wearing smokey eye makeup is not making fun of her looks. Also, when will Trump apologize for making fun of all the ppl he's made fun of since the beginning of his campaign?
#Comedy. It is defined as; professional entertainment consisting of jokes and satirical sketches, intended to make an audience laugh. If you don't think it's funny, don't laugh. But don't use one's art to prop up your beliefs and policies that can't stand on their own merit.
If she is going to be the #VoiceOfTrump she can’t get offended, given how her boss speaks of others.
Yeah, reminds me of what the President tweets everyday.
Get your facts straight because the rest of us are. She called it like it is and was even successful in not attaching shs on her looks. If you can't handle truthful jokes than don't behave like am ass
Not that Fox ever goes after anyone personally. None of their entertainers would do that!

Hypocrites. Liars.
#StopLying 
#TellTheTruth
#StateTV
Kind of like the president attacking NFL players, gold star families, the fbi, specific people at news organizations. Strange eh?
Except she didn't go after her looks.
You can certainly dish it out, but you can’t take it. Are you offended when Trump calls out women for their looks, when he insults the media, insults Gold Star families?  You are such hypocrites.

#classy
Didn t watch that trashy crap and from the comments, it s good I didn t

What was disgusting was Trump’s behavior at that rally in Michigan.  Any human with two brain cells to rub together can plainly see that this president is mentally unfit.
I don’t get how an unfortunate looking woman who sounds and looks like a rat with a bad perm and false eye lasses could possibly criticize a woman so much superior than her whose waste has more worth than Wolfe’s whole existence!
Post op Carrot Top.
I think @SHSanders45 is a beautiful woman. Smart as hell too. Love her.
Difficult to justify on any level...Progressives set a new standard for being disgusting.
These "shows" have become unwatchable because there is no self-deprecating humor. It is all attack and NO self awareness.
When media knows nothing against a good person, it seems they always go for their looks. I think Sarah Sanders is a beautiful lady. I remember when they'd went through all of  Sarah Palin's emails, found nothing. They then put down her lovely clothes. #FakeNewsMedia
The only thing she said about Sarah's looks was that she achieved a "perfect smoky eye." Hardly an insult.

I'd have thought y'all would be gloating about how she bashed the media, but I guess that would mean admitting your guy is unfit.

????

Whatever suits you I guess. Seen to imply my view
 IS W. R. O. N. G.     ?

lol---------------––-------------------
It was fucking hilarious !

Everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. Never worth watching. Always a hit on Trump! She is sick, & the most overrated person on tv.

Is there a better word than disgusting?? Michelle Wolf is the bottom of the barrell...what a bomb! Sarah Sanders doesn't deserve that...so much for the left claiming they celebrate professional women!
The bar for “disgusting” remarks is not as high as you think it is.
WE, the REAL American people are not going to allow this Fox. You lie and insult the American people on a daily basis. We the people will not stand for this, and WE WILL TAKE YOU DOWN! In the words of most Trump supporters: FU*K YOUR FEELINGS!
To Mrs. Schlapp...!

False news.
Sounds like Mercedesschlapp is talking about Trump.More BS from the Putin News Network
Yet you knowingly support Trump and his endless vulgar attacks. GOP lies.
It's what @realDonaldTrump does everyday in a tweet to people that don't bow to his childish ego.
Just watched the 19 minute video of this performance and Sarah Sanders was the subject for 1:30 of It, and was immediately followed by a couple of CNN burners. And you guys call other people snowflakes? Go find a safe space and shut up.
So I guess #FauxNews can give it but not take it. Snowflakes...

¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
#ITMFA
#TrumpsAmerica 
#GOPfail 
#alternativefacts 
#posttruth 
#BatShitCrazy 
#CloudCuckooLand
The Media just participate in the attach of a women based on her looks. #metoo is officially dead and can never be claimed by a liberal again. It's even gone out the window with the media defending predator @tombrokaw
@TheDemocrats are misogynistic #p2 #Liberals
Every male in that room who listened to the vitriolic personal attacks on @PressSec under the guise of humor, should have walked out. Every female, by staying showed they are Democrats who hate women who dared to #ResistHillary
Sarah is the best and Trumps frontline
Anyone who enjoyed that spectacle is sick.
The Left just keeps surpassing themselves in bad taste, filth, and hate.
What's even more disgusting is that we have a President that cheated on his wife with a pornstar and tried to pay hush money to keep them quiet!
Had not been proven. Just allegations. Keep it real
There is significant proof of Trump paying people off to keep them quiet.
Not Trump get your facts straight
I think it was very enlightening at the #WHCD to know what the women of the Left truly embody. 

They mistakenly underestimate the #RedRosesOfAmerica

So proud to be a Conservative Woman. We are strong, intelligent and resolute.
And beautiful, inside & out!
You forgot classy.
Nothing can top the women of the Left.
But you will vote for a man to be POTUS who does exactly the same thing.  Kinda scary you hold a comedian to a higher standard then u do President. Wtf?!
OMG,
She didn't go after her looks, she didn't make fake allegations. She went after her LIES!!

Sanders lies on video every day ... ON VIDEO!

Trump has attacked peoples looks, race, gender, disabled ... when has he apologized?

#FakeOutrage
Sad truth,  Michelle wasn't funny,  b/c there's nothing funny about where US is right now!
Thank you Michelle Wolf for reminding America why democrats lost the White House. Please keep that hate coming! Its working well. Americans are sick of hateful elitist liberals who mask hatred as comedy. I hope networks re-air White House Correspondents Dinner at mid-terms 2018.
...and scene. It's a wrap folks!
Calling Suckabee bee sanders and empty box of Tampa’s was sooo offensive to the yellow flakes (snow flakes that are being pissed on by Trump)
Six more years!   #KAG2020
What's shameful and disgusting is what Trump said about Meghan Kelly, Ted Cruz's wife, the women who accused him of sexual assault,  on the Access Hollywood tape and his disrespect of his wives by cheating on them constantly. Where is Fox News' outrage at those things?
March 2016. Fox outrage? #awkward #GOPphonies
Oh please, it’s just locker room talk right? 
I think @PressSec should have stood up and walked out....we love you Sarah !!!
Lol, POTUS is allowed to mock people based on the colour of their skin, their gender, their physical disabilities yet a comedian does it and trump supporters damn near lose their minds. I think POTUS has infected his supporters with his hypocrisy
I hope that nasty place is ignored next year by all!  Why should we send our angels into a bloody brawling barroom?  That  gathering of evil doesn’t represent the USA!  
That’s what these liberals are, vile and disgusting!
Sarah Huckabee,proved like her father & President Trump, she could careless concerning the opinions of ASSHOLES
What a freaking hypocrite.
Students walk out of speech: mocks them as “children fleeing from political speech that they disagree with,” also talks about the importance of “learning to listen to a different POV.”…
Except @michelleisawolf DIDN'T  go after her looks people.
What fucking parent names their kid @mercedesschlapp?
We all know trump would never do anything incredibly disrespectful, shameful and disgusting! #Covfefe
"But this is ok?  “ Any Hispanics in the room? Naw, not so many. That’s OK." 

You really are a pig @realDonaldTrump 
 via @LatinoVoices
She got most of her material from videos of Trump rallies.
A few “journalists” also went after @mercedesschlapp another awesome woman, wife & mother, on twitter, they have no shame. Keep doing what you do, Mercedes, we’ve got your back.
She made a remark about her eye shadow. I didn’t hear anything regarding her looks. Her job is fair game. Huckabee is incredibly disrespectful to the American public telling lies every day.
sarah is a lying sack, as are 90percent of the hosts on Fox News

shall we even get into the treason factor?
Lesse what we can pull out here:  "It's just locker room talk!"  Yeah, I'll go with that one.  Wait?  We can't use that because it was a woman throwing blunt truth in the form of jokes?  M'kay, thanks for the double standard.
This needs to be last WHCD. Just end it.
Trump walked in on teen pageant women changing and bragged about it -- don't even talk decorum
Poor victimized snowflake!Somebody please get her a tissue and pacifier
@SarahHuckabee @PressSec @SHSanders45  LIES ALL THE TIME!

You refuse to admit how much @realDonaldTrump LIES. Sarah #lies on @POTUS’ behalf. Even the presidential physician lies to Americans on behalf of the most dishonest president in American history! 

#LyingFox
#TrumpsChumps
Trump is a spineless classless cyber bully with an overinflated ego to compensate for his “small” hands.Grow up cry babies. Go to you tube and watch the past 36 years. It’s the same every year but this administration is nothing but hypocrites who Can dish it out but not take it
Where were the demeaning jokes about the lying, homophobic, Racist @JoyAnnReid ?
So she can be rude, lie, insult reporters, and not answer questions - day after day - and at a dinner (where every knows damn well they’re gonna get roasted) suddenly you’re all boo-hoo about feelings? Now who’s a snowflake? Why not go after the biggest no-balls of all? Trump!
What country are you from? Maybe you should clean out your EARS , you don't listen very well, TIPICAL !
Maybe YOU should listen. Reference what was said about looks. I’ll wait. 

PS - learn to spell. It’s “TYPICAL” - if you’re going to try to insult someone, it’s more impactful if you can at least spell properly.
Oh my god, or is it OMG
And yet, no reference... have a good day.
Youre full of bull
TYPICAL (note the correct spelling) when there is not factual response given. I’ve asked politely - twice - for you to back up your statement. You’ve come back with insults. Says much more about you than me, buddy. Triggered much?
On occasion I may misspelled a word, I really don't care, on other occasions my spell check may change my words, I don't care. But I do care what bullshit people spread, that's the problem in America these days, only hear what fits your montra
#MichelleWolf killed it.
Y'all 
Vile, disgusting sense of ????humor?...
Hold your head high Sarah. You have something she will never have. CLASS
One would like to say that this so called comedian "Wolf" is supposed to be funny, but she came across and nothing more than a racist herself. Shame on her.
It was awesome! It was true! It rocked!
Thank you for standing up for Women! @PressSec sat there with such grace. God Bless her and her family. I pray her children never hear this
Can dish it, but can’t take it. Toughen up Snowflakes
The irony. Where was this outrage when HRC's looks were made fun of? When Michelle Obama's are? Bunch of conservative snowflakes  
Do you know what a roast is?
It is not an ass kissing event. Even CNN was made fun of. Grow up.
Trump is a paragon of class and reserve who never called women pigs, miss housekeeping...
“Going after Sarah’s looks” is a false allegation.
How was the MSNBC after-party?
Both still attended the NBC/MSNBC after party: 
Ha, ha, ha. Fox News.
What’s the big deal? All she has to do is say “I don’t remember saying those things about @PressSec” and it magically didn’t happen and that’s that.
Very proud that she left! But they should have walked up and said let’s go Sarah to prove another point! It’s right down sick shameful! This really crossed the line ! They deserve an apology ! Goes to show this Me To Movement only applies to Democratic Women only!

At first I was like what the hell is everybody talking about.? Then I realized I caught a little of it, and change the channel. Nothing about it was funny to me, it was like watching Jimmy Kimmel asshat. Turn that crap off to. Liberalism really is a brain disease.???
Bless your heart, dear.  Shall we call Whine-one-one for a  WAAHmbulance?  
Remember this?
Yet, it is OK when Trump does it.
it was the #WHCD -get over it.
IM FED UP! Its so wrong and it is equivalent to attacking me and my family. Enough is enough.
Liddle' Fox Snoozers are TRIGGERED! 
If this was a liberal Democrat, the howls of indigence would be covered on every media outlet.  This double standard illustrates that #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Truth hurts eh Fox News! #foxnewsisnotnews
Can anyone tell me specifically what Michelle Wolf did wrong? What part of this was attacking Sarah Huckabee Sanders' looks?

Please provide quotes.
More disgusting than what Trump has said about people?
false allegations?????
Do you ever listen to what trump calls people?
Looks like a lotta snowflakes are very sad
She didn't say anything about her look she said she turned her lies into eyeshadow stop being a whining
Replace "Sarah" with the name of anyone else Trump has bullied, then you'll understand how we feel.
