how about when your beloved POTUS had a whole entire rally boo @SenJohnMcCain? I can't recall any outrage coming from any of you. Nor do I recall an apology from POTUS.
Didn't hear outrage front Liberals when Killary called the majority Deplorable's
Well ... Trump Supporters are deplorable ...
Sorry you are so easily offended, sweetie. Perhaps you shouldn't watch tv or get on the internet if you are such a snowflake.
*your ... it's called a roast, snowflake. That's what happens at a roast. Sorry that you need a safe space!
You darn well comments went beyond a roast.
What is it that #trumptards say about feelings?
“Smash that kuerigg!”?
Boycott everything!
I love these moments

Does any of this really matter as the current administration is light years ahead of the last 4 with results. Nov is coming soon and once again the Democrats will be left outside in their bitch sessions.
Ms. Sanders deserves my deepest respect and admiration, always highly professional. She did not deserve the venomous comments spewed by this individual who would benefit from Anger Management therapy
in other words...it was a page straight out of @realDonaldTrump 's book.

you reap what you sow.
They don’t like being on the receiving end. It’s great though when their dotard President dishes on everyone , then they all clap and salute, Heil!
Sounds like there are some snowflakes  in the GOP that need a safe space because they were triggered. 

Who would have thunk it...

Someone should tell the Dems that Saul Alinsky was wrong. Ridiculing others just makes you look like a mean, nasty, classless person.
Hey talk to your President lets say he started it right? Its hysterical how you defend this person, yet flip out when anything is said boo hoo..
Whomever puts this event together should be embarrassed for this. So digraceful!
Laugh once in a while. Stop being a snowflake.
Her looks were not attacked. Since when is a saying someone has a perfect smokey eye an insult on her looks? 

But give me a break. She lies to and attacks journalists on almost a daily basis.

If she can’t take what she fishes then she should’ve be press secretary!
*dishes.

And PS - Flint seriously still does not have clean water
Cuntservatives please boycott breathing air! Start immediately! Read set go!
When you can’t take a joke
Her perfect smoky eye was complimented, her job is to lie, and what false allegations? That her perfect smoky eye is achieved with the ashes of truths she burned? It’s called a joke. Stop being thin-skinned #snowflakes incapable of taking a joke. #hypocrites
There were wonderful snowflakes, on both sides, on both sides people, I'm telling you.
The comedian at the #WHCD18 is just a reflection of the current Administration. Of course she was crass and vulgar, just like Trump.

Thanks snowflake.
Your welcome. I enjoy pointing out the hate and hypocrisy of people. How about you people aplologize to the reporter for ruining his life and his career just so you could spread your hate?
How about reporting what was actually said.  The joke was she burnt facts and used for her perfect stormy eyes makup.
Trump goes after people everyday and that's ok?
Remember when #POTUS and WH Press Secretary wanted to move WH Press Corp out of West Wing to the LOB....maybe it’s time to reconsider.  #WHCD has gone to far....I’d kick them all out first thing tomorrow, pulling all their creds
Because you are a snowflake?
You mean like Trump has done countless times?
Pals?  Oh, you must be ignorantly assuming that I am a liberal.  Not even close.  But nice try.
Why should anyone have to take verbal abuse? Sara should have left.
She lies to the public. Every. Single. Day.
So it’s not just Trump that lacks a sense of humor. Interesting. Buck up little nazi’s.  When you attend a “roast”, you get roasted.
What about this crazy propaganda puppet?
It was a roast
Don't you think the fact that she lies to the American public on a regular basis is so incredibly disrespectful, shameful and disgusting?
Wolfes comedy was brilliant. It Put a big giant spotlight on trumps behavior and made it impossible for anyone to credibly criticize her words or style without equally criticizing trumps behavior...epic!  Hypocrites beware...

Ah, so the bullies don't enjoy being bullied?

Who would have thought?
So you admit she was a bully to Sarah?  Make you feel big?when you bully?
Um, yeah. Some of the things she said were pretty harsh, for comedic effect or not. That's pretty obvious. That's what I'm saying. 

But it sure was nice to see someone feed that administration a taste of their own medicine. Sucks, doesn't it?
Like when Trump attacked Ted Cruz's wife and her physical appearance you mean?  Remind me what you said then when you were outraged?
Respect will be given when it is earned, and not a moment before
What a disgraceful attack on an amazing woman. Sarah must be doing a good job for Dems to target her in this shameful way.
She is a democrat. If she's a comedian, she's not a funny one.
No. It was not. It was an inappropriate attack by a Democrat on a woman who doesn't allow their Fake news to go unchallenged.
Sarah is great at her job. Trump is great at his. She makes her job look easy.  Trump makes being President look easy. Why don't YOU be honest for a change and admit that you are jealous of their talent and feel threatened that they will keep the snowflakes out for a long time.
That vile hateful woman is no commedian shes nothing but shreking arrogant far left hypocrite of what left does to woman , black and white who will not fall in line with thier anti America agenda. I voted Trump and will vote again and these mean girl bullies will never bully me
Looks like someone touched a nerve.
@michelleisawolf was great last night...suck it @FoxNews

Mercedes....The President called a woman a fat pig, he mocked a disabled reporter. Republicans all said that they loved how Trump was getting rid of political correctness....now that it's gone don't tell me you are surprised that sometimes the talk may not be complimentary?
I might also add Mercedes that the White House chose her.....not Democrats, not Hillary....the White House.
I bet they dont make that mistake again
Bet they do....let's face it, Democrat or Republican if you had a nickel for every unfunny comedian they've hired.
But the things that so called comedian said unnecessary...l mean really how rude
At the end of the day....it was a m'eh set for a comedian really. But to get all high and mighty about it is ridiculous.
Well any way lets talk about something more interesting how is the fishing in toronto and what are you catching???
Not fishing yet....too soon. It's that weird time of year when the ice is still on the lakes up North (where I fish) but it's too thin to fish on....another month maybe. But when I do....pickerel beware.
It was a roast. That's how that is supposed to go down.  Your fake outrage is more shameful and disgusting. Your messiah understood this, that's why his thin skinned a$$ was in Michigan.
Bullying a bully should be a safe zone.
Ms Sanders is not a bully.
She represents the biggest bully this country has ever seen publicly.
Name one false allegation... Just one. I'll wait...
Tasting one’s own medicine is certainly bitter.
Maybe she was trying to be like POTUS
Poor baby  crying crocodile tears . Lmao 
Comedian. Trump does the same thing, not a comedian yet you guys support him. Riddle me that.
She bitch slapped you though. Gotta admit that.
Um I thought y'all loved the politically incorrect
This vile woman is supposed to be a representative? Disgusting
No one went after her looks
SayItOutLoud 

@RealTT2020

Replying to @RealTT2020 @RealJamesWoods @RealErinCruz 
Say my name
You know who I am

@realDonaldTrump 
@realErinCruz
@realTT2020



Retweet
Dam Right,fire her ass !!!
Similarly disgusting and shameful is Sarah's acceptance, propagation, defence and dissemination of Trump's lies, abuses, bullying and cruelty to others. If Sarah wants equity, she needs to come with clean hands!
Whats disgraceful is her constant lying from the podium every single time she stands up there. I guess its fine with you though, you & Fox could care less about the TRUTH.
No worse than Fox News lies.  Both pretty shameful!
Again, it was a ROAST. Right?
Like when Trump called Rosie a pig or said a woman wasnt attractive enough for him to,sexually assault that kind of shameful?
#SDNY
It was the press corps showing its true colors.
You feed into the trash they speak by playing clips of what they say.  I would really like to hear good news about the good things happening in this country being done by our @POTUS and @VP. Thank you! 
#Delusional
Thanks for showing me a nice photo of yourself! As stated, pigs wallow in the mire and dogs return to their vomit! Have a good day!
Speaking of dog's vomit....    #trumpanzee
You really want to play all these childish little games? To be my age, looks like I am doing pretty well for myself. Go into your safe space child. I have better things to do!
I find it so interesting to see the reaction to a comedienne’s #smokeyeye joke and the LEAP made by several media outlets suggesting it was a dig to @PressSec looks. Her looks wouldn’t be so top-of-mind if she had any credibility whatsoever.
Also, letting the right-wing school you on humor, is a bit like letting Cosby and Dr. Candyman mix your hemorrhoid medication at the drugstore.
Y'all must have watched a totally different #WHCD 
Dear fox news peeps: there are a few issues that you used to lecture America on that you are no longer allowed to speak on. I’ll start a list:
1. Vulgarity
2. Marriage
3. Sexual Assault
4. Rape
5. Paedophelia 
6. Lies
7. Lying
8. Making shit up
9. How to treat women
10. Respect
Im so outraged, furious, this hateful , mean vile woman , using the mean girl tactic to attack Sanders and all conservative women . They are hypocrites , they hate strong successful women who wont fall in lline with thier socialist agenda . Im tired  attacks on me as a woman
Also pointing out Flint still doesn't have clean water ... ugh ... the gall of her, amirite? #gfy Mercedes. And stop lying.

And lot more people should roast her and the other thin skinned Nazis officially! And YOU Fox will be the next. We will fight you with your weapons. Prepare yourself, Trump himself declared political correct dead. Now you´ll get it!
That’s the left & the msm for you... their war on women is alive and well with any woman who supports the president. This was a disgusting display of pure hatred. Sarah was the shining example of grace though.
Women on her left are the biggest hypocrites on the planet.
The biggest!!!! 
Get off your high horse.... someone roasted your friend, and you go home crying!!! Is there any cry bab job in the trump administration? Some ppl are not fit to be adults... When Trump mocks ppl openly everywhere including rants & insults on twitter, IT IS FINE... HYPOCRITE
Snowflake.
I agree that the comedian last night took some nasty, unnecessary, mean-spirited shots at Sarah (much like what Trump himself would have said about her if she was a Democrat). But one thing about her is true - she lies constantly, incessantly and shamelessly.
What lies? Answering purposely negative questions, endlessly repeated by a bunch of biased, left leaning reporters, is not lying. It’s hard
Sorry, but however hard her job may be...and I don't disagree that it is a hard job... she lies constantly. If she didn't lie, she wouldn't keep her job... but that doesn't excuse it.
Whatever.....  
Yeah...they fit the Trumpet mold
You're kidding me. She wasn't "attacking" appearance, job, etc. Wolf was blurting out the FACT that SHS lies. That there has been made a mockery of that job. Used to be truth, but not anymore. This admin has destroyed that.
Fox news is still the funniest comidy on TV,
Faux newsAKA National Inquirer
She went after her eyeshadow genius and not her looks. Try pulling your big girl panties up buttercup! We’ve been dealing w/ tRump disrespect for three years running.
How’s going after Hope Hicks’ old job working out for you Mercedes? Your & Matt’s walkout stunt last night is sure to have caught Trump’s attention. You didn’t forgo the party though did you?
You are 100% on the money. It was a total stunt to impress Trump and snow the suckers.
If she can’t stand this mild performance of a comedian I’m guessing how she can stand for an speech of the president. I mean being hateful and nasty we all can agree Michelle is a pre-scholars compared to Trump. Isn’t?
Liberal media helped President Trump and his team tremendously last night
Sarah is a political pig paraded out daiky to lie on the behalf of the POTUS. When we normalize her behavior, we fail as a society. #DemandTruth #FactsMatter
But what @realDonaldTrump does is not shameful????? #WHCD #SaturdayMorning #maga #TrumpResign
Like when Michelle Obama was called a man / ape / tranny ?
Hmmm...obviously the Fox & Trump gang have amnesia about the things right wingers said about Michele Obama.
I'm sure a certain reporter knows how she feels.
Schlapp knew what she was getting into. She's just using it as fodder.
But it's ok too refer to Michelle as a guy. Get real!!!!
Kind of reminds me of trump talking about other candidates. Keep up the foxfuckery.
yea! we should coddle hucks just like we did for sean spicer 
Everything that was said about her and kelly ann is 100%TRUE ! today on  fox news in regard to the WHCD they stated everybody in washington needs ti have thick skin, i couldn’t agree more, thats why trump wasn’t there cuz he’s panzee
Yes, yes Trump IS SHAMEFUL, DISRESPECTFUL and DISGUSTING. His all out assault last night on the Free Press, Democrats, Mexicans, immigrants was so far below the norms of any president, its incalculable.
Didn't go after her looks - even once. Job is fair game - and BTW - that's pretty much what  FOX does to Comey and Mueller every day. As for false - it was comedy, not a news story. Sick burns are the whole point of the WHCD. Other presidents were man enough to show up in person.
So are the lies Sarah tells on behalf of her boss. Shame on Fox for not acknowledging that too.
Even liberal media admitted that the #whcd last night was a disaster for liberals.. and it was a huge win for President Trump..
Couldn’t agree more. So much important and amazing journalism this year — that should be the focus, when truth matters and is needed more than ever. It was an embarrassment in the room and surely to the audience at home. https://twitter.com/peterbakernyt/status/990437494440321024 …
Everything that @PressSec does in her job is disgusting.  Deserves every bad thing that can be said about her
Now do the President.
Of course she hasn't shit all over the press, lied daily for a sociopath, or lectured the media for her own shortcomings. #snowflake
Did we expect anymore from the liberal press? No. They’ve tried to tear down our @FLOTUS and first child Baron from day 1. They’re Globalist hacks. I refuse to watch.
Read the T Shirt.
Middle-Americans got out and voted! Lets do it again, but have all red states!
Lol. In your frickin dreams.
Completely disgusting...also unbelievable that all women there didn’t exit...
Yes It was disgusting but she handled it like the true lady she is
@realDonaldTrump went after Rosie (fat pig), Carly (would anyone vote for that face?), Heidi Cruz (ugly), etc. etc. You have zero room to talk.
Are you effing serious?!  Her boss continually disrespects and puts down people daily.  Ms. Wolf is ONLY following DJT’s lead. 
Hmmm, I don’t recall you saying that about this....
Right.  Cuz Trump would NEVER berate anyone about their looks (Miss America), their profession (Alec Baldwin), or make false allegations (Inaugural crowd size).    The hypocrisy of the Right is astounding.  #TrumpTrain2020
Snowflakes. So when Fox folks do that to others it’s ok? But when turned on you, you all get high and mighty. Hypocrites. Go cry in your safe space and quit whining
Thank you so much for WALKING OUT.  Liberals disgust me.  They are ruining America.
"How dare Michelle Wolf make fun of Sarah Sanders?! She is so mean."

- coming from the same people who called Barack Obama an ape and Michelle Obama a man
Bunch of cry babies!
What? Who's job ? No one said that. Looking at Sarah is a chore.  Not because of her looks but because of the liar she is...the disrespect she shows everyone including the press or anyone she sets her sights on...she is a poor excuse for a woman and her eye shadow sucks.
https://twitter.com/glambertrn/status/990705298854809600?s=20 …
I'm surprised this comedian made fun of Sarah's physical appearance, there are a lot of REPORTS,PUNDITS,http://WH.PRESS  POOL,TV REPORTS that are very FAT overweight, SLOPPY DRESSERS, THEY NEED TO LOOK IN THE MIRROR once in a while. They all should apologize to Sarah...
Those what you call Fake will bite you back by the way all the s Statement passed the same smell test.These non Fox News outlets are lying. In a rec not poll FOS NEWS VOTED MOST UNTRUSTWORTHY IN THE UNITED STATES.Schlapp  is not reliable as many of his outtakes have been lies SAD
A most of America understood it was jokes and we loved it
It’s a ROAST snowflakes!
If you can't take it dont dish it.... think i will borrow this from your own maga shirts #fuckyourfeelings
I guess these days the Truth hurts. Americans have been wanting to say this for many day. This tells me that unless Trump goes 360% He realizes as now the corrupt Republicans this fake day is over
It was also hilarious!
The comedian wants to know what you call white women who disappoint other white women: you call them
 LIBERALS / DEMOCRATIC
Her “job”is White House Press Secretary.  Poking fun at the White House Press Secretary is, literally, one of the purposes of the WHCA event.  Nobody “went after” her looks.  The “allegations” of lying are 100% true.
The Democrats have adopted a policy of trashing peoples reputations on allegatipns that inevitably turn out to be false, amd when false, justify the ruining of reputations and careers by saying " my anonymus sources were reliable". Sad time for America. Wake up voters.
I think Wolf only embarrassed herself and proved she’s far from funny I think Sara looked nice and Wolf was just plain ugly and sad.
Same thing Trump does every single day. In fact it doesn't compare to how bad Trump is.
@michelleisawolf was brutally honest.  There were no false allegations made.  If you were offended by her candor, next time vote for a STATESMAN.  #ElectAClownExpectACircus  #WHCD
Sarah Sanders looked AMAZING in that blue dress.
In other words, brilliant
Mercedesschlapp...what a stinking liberal PIG ...and thats being nice
This is hypocracy at its finest. So tell me now what you think about trump’s insults? Or is that all ok in his case? BAH!!
This is all Ivanka's fault. They should have met in the bathroom a year ago (if WH women do indeed go to the bathroom) & "Honey we are going to have to fix ALLA this."
But, you don't find this offensive?
Trump going after people's looks, going after their jobs, making false allegations... it's just so incredibly disrespectful, it is shameful and it is disgusting.... there ya go snowflakes, I fixed it for ya ;-)
your disgusting president has set the bar, but in your true hypocritical fashion #ignorethatpart Dish it out. Can't take it. Tell you what, you tell @realDonaldTrump to stop with the insults, and I can vouch for all of decent humanity, that we will too. I would't bet on your guy
Sarah lies to the American people and was called out, no biggie. "Smokey eye made from the ashes of her lies."
It’s called Satire and the guy on the left clearly has a wanking injury from watching too many trump rallies
#weloveSarahSanders
LIke @PressSec shows any respect for the journalist. Like Trump (who she represents ) shows any respect for anyone looks, handicapped or not, bleeding or not .. It made me LMFAO
Have you listened to your president? My God people ..you don’t even try and hide your blatant hypocrisy. Trump has: gone after many people’s looks, makes false allegations hourly,is disrespectful, shameful, and disgusting. When u condemning him?!
Your lying husband said that Michael Steele should just gracefully accept dumb con racism.
Retweeting won’t make it true. No one went after her looks. “Smokey eye” refers to make up. And it wasn’t even implied that it was put on wrong.
Drop it already. You look foolish enough. Sarah has been dishing out the disrespect on a daily basis for ages. One night won’t kill her
Your president does this on a daily basis. Does that not bother you?
The TRUTH hurts! Sounds like a snowflake to me!!!

@HAGOODMANAUTHOR HOPE NO ONE FROM THE WH EVERGOES AGAIN. SO DISGUSTING.
Kinda like when Manchild mocked @CarlyFiorina during the campaign?    FoxNews is so hypocritical...
going after the vile creep Huckabee-Sanders, who called the press 'the enemy of the people',was justified
She did not go after her looks (unless you think that she looks rather than acts like Aunt Lydia), in fact, she complimented her smoky eye. She went after her incessant, daily lies and her boorishness at the podium. She is a government official, not a precious snowflake.

Um are you telling me these same people are mad at a comedian telling jokes

By your standards here, it sure sounds like our current @POTUS is incredibly disrespectful, shameful and disgusting, on what seems to be a daily basis, if not multiple times per day.  Sad!  #snowflakes
Trump has gone after EVERYONES looks. Most recently “sleepy eyes Chuck Todd” and “little Bob Corker.” and dont forget when he said Hillary and Fiorina didn’t “have the look” to be president
Ha ha haha but then the president of the USA mocking disable man on a campaign trail.. fuck you .. —WHATS GOOD FOR THE GOOSE IS GOOD FOR THE GANDER - yeah right
Nothing false, it was all true, Sanders is a loud mouth liar and bully
If the kitchen gets too hot get out. Ol @PressSec ain’t no mother Theresa. Sarah dishes it out daily so let her receive some of her own medicine.
And it's hot enough to melt her lies into eye shadow!
And they expect her to be civil and/or answer their stupid questions at next press meeting? If I was @POTUS I would direct our amazing @PressSec to inform the press that until all current WH correspondents are replaced, none will be permitted to attend WH briefings.
Michelle Wolf is flat out disrespectful. She should have done a killer impresh of a disabled journalist or made hilar period and pussy jokes instead of saying someone has smokey eyes. Appalling.
Ms. Sanders is ONE CLASS ACT! I also think she is beautiful in all aspects. We Patriots could not do any better than her on the WH team.

Michelle Wolf is as funny as a severed head!!!

I guess Michelle Wolff should have stuck to calling @PressSec A sleepy Eyed SOB. 
Or bleeding out of her face
Or who’s going to vote for that face? 
Or would you sexually assault her? just look at her. 

I guess that would’ve worked #hypocrites #whcd2018
...you're ugly." There's no joke.  It's just insults.  Maybe you do have fat ankles.  Maybe you can't chew gum and walk at the same time.  But, there's no joke here.  Joking is like what comedians said about W.'s mispronounciation of nuclear...
or Clinton stopping at McDonald's on his daily jogs.  Those were jokes.
Wonder what the headlines would say if the tables were turned and Trump said those things. The hypocrisy is laughable at this point. No matter how mad people get about  it, TRUMP IS STILL THE PRESIDENT! 
 HE DOES! ALL THE EFFING TIME!
You say he does, but the media tries to crucify him for it. But it’s okay for the left to say and do what they want though, right?
Get a clue!
Okay troll.
It was very classless. It’s a good barometer of who the Democratic Party is today. Most condone this behavior.
If you watch this clip, we have an 80" TV and there was one point when you can see Sarah was ready to cry; she was fighting back the tears. I don't know how she did it.  She looked so beautiful last night too! Hair, makeup, dress! Sometimes a large TV is not good; shows too much.
But it's ok if Trump does it ....
Didn’t trump say the special olympics weee “hard to watch” this weekend. Where is the outrage for that and all the other dump crap he says daily!?!? anyone?

Flashback to RNC 2016. 

Yes, those t-shirts are in children's sizes.…
She spoke heart, which is in perfect alignment with the Democratic mantra.  I can't believe they haven't figured out this is a recipe for failure.  Nevertheless, keep it up and guarantee the republicans stay in power.
Dear @FoxNews and trump followers. Take your bs outrage and shove it up Donald trump ass.   thankyou
Wolf should be ashamed to go SO LOW so sad those are the democrats for you let’s wake up we Latinos and blacks are better then that (wolf) woman
Degredation of Sanders reminds one of Trumps degredation of others....
They’re Globalists
Lefties are just so butt sore from the election. Lol
Nope, it’s shameful, disrespectful, and disgusting having Trump as President. 
Agree!!! She should take a good look in the mirror..... no beauty there for sure.... inside or outside!  Shallow shell of a mean, hateful, rude,vile, and vulgar creature!
Sarah Sanders is the best!
No, sanders and Fox News are the disgusting ones.

No sympathy when she treats the WH press like she does and tells bold face lies.
It was a joke. Where is that fabulous sense of humor you talk so much about? You love jokes about the appearance and personal qualities of the disabled, minorities, women, liberals and LGBT. Why is this off limits?
Sarah’s beauty grew as the others shriveled. Disgust & hate are not becoming.
Fuck you morons. 

Presidential: Making fun of disabled&appearance of many females, saying Paralympics are hard to watch, Pointing out "my blacks", Mexicans are rapists, my daughter is sexually attractive, countries are shitholes.

BAD: Sarah Huckabee Sanders wears weird makeup.
I am hearing more people concerned about a eye makeup joke than the jokes about her character, that speaks volumes
Where was the sisterhood?
Standard locker room talk, snowflakes.
JOKE: a thing that someone says to cause amusement or laughter, especially a story with a funny punchline. Get It?
is that the most annoying voice ever, she sounds  like chandlers bings gf janice from friends
That is what  does
Why let those kinds of people have the privilege of dinner at The White House?
Next year, no Republicans will participate.
Disgusting
What a shame
I’m sorry, I see no one laughing? Who cares? I never really even heard of her before this. Stand up shout insults at POTUS and Staff will make you famous on libtv.

Sanders repeats and defends the lies of the White House. She deserved everything said about her. It should be repeated every time she speaks.
