On the job!

عسلامة نحب نطلب منكم إنكم تدعموني و تشتركو في قناتيyoutube https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCbhg3IaArADTgo5Oh1iUmJQ …
Great choose by Trump
Connecticut doc cover up for abuse to inmates commissioner knows and does nothing! Inmates wife is terminally ill and allows coto physically emotionally and sexually abuse and harassment TOURDS inmate 291097 wife is close to death these men have rightsthere people with feelings
Why?
WE LOVE MIKE POMPEO 
Why?
With everything going on all over the world he goes to Israel why?
#iNews9K TRANSLATION: Pompeo looking at banquet facilities for "Welcome Back, Jesus!" party.
Great, more corrupted officials meeting together 
That shows how much the US values Israel. Really makes the Obama Administration look as pathetic as it was. 
complimentary attempts of Mr Secretary of state.
I must appreciate Mr Secretary of state to meet with Israeli elites.
Get it

Trump is a criminal, like Netanyahu
how is this breaking?
BREAKING NEWS! Trash Man Picks Up Trash! Mail Woman Delivers Mail! A Preacher Preached On Sunday! Store Clerk Puts Items On Shelves!
since when is doing your job breaking news?
Got the job for like a day and already going to kiss the ring?
God be with you Mr Pompeo I pray we can find a peaceful way to end the killing
Look out Iran

Meeting with another criminal @realDonaldTrump

Israel government as deplorable as drumpf http://regime.Do  they do electoral college voting to?
Hey they can discuss how they can bomb and kill more protestors and journalists!

A top-polling Republican Senate candidate in California has called for a country "free from Jews."
http://bit.ly/2r5YIIa  
Good friends of USA, like Israel, know #POTUS has their backs! Barry not only abandoned our friends, but gave comfort and aid to our enemies (see ISIS, apology tour, Iran deal)!! #Trump2020 #MAGA
I guess @natpdotcom is not coming?
Mike Pompeo is an awful choice for Secretary of State. Trump has disastrous decision making skills!
LOL And why is that???
Promoting Trump Lies and Shit 
