We love you Trump 
lolol Logan open your eyes and TRY hard to acquire some basic math skills
Apparently logan believes there's 225 million Americans just like him
If you have to tell yourself that you're smart...it's not true
Trump: 
"I love the poorly educated."
Nothing but cheap shots at the WHCD.  So low class.  Glad I watched the Trump rally in Michigan instead!!!  Now THAT'S a power to reckon with this November!!!  Trump won because he had momentum, and you now what?  That momentum never quit, and will march Repubs to victory in Nov!
Have to agree with you. We were so excited to have the POTUS here in michigan again. You could just feel the excitement in the crowd knowing we have a great leader that has done so much so far. What will he accomplish in the upcoming years. MAGA
Yeah wasn't it great when that ignorant orange fascist insulted a senator and smiled while the crowd chanted about locking up his political opponents?

Idiots.
Hypocrite.
You left out Trump’s unhinged racist dogwhistling! #RaceBaitingPotus #FoxNewsIsTrumpTV
Courtesy of Aunt Crabby
Wow ,, amazing !
I love him tooooo 
Your being sarcastic I hope.
I saw resistance on your profile.  Welcome glad to have you.
#FAKENEWS - Some of them probably said “Douche.”
TrumpRally is the same as a KKK Rally
@FoxNews is the official propaganda bureau for Trump. Fair and balanced!

This is an interesting take on journalism.
Here's the thing about @realDonaldTrump rallies.... its electric...It's like being at a country Fair...or watching your favorite team just score...and it's as Pro-American as hotdogs and hamburgers on the 4th of July.......
He really needs alot if serious analysis and therapy.
A good start would be a straight jacket.


Go back and check your facts. Boston Marathon is just one example
Fascism
The thing with Democrat rallies is....it's like being at the library.... Or sitting in the pews at Court.... VS..... a @realDonaldTrump rally ... Where it's as electric as watching fireworks on the 4th of July.... Or the Fireworks at the Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney world....
Finding the people of color in the crowd is like playing Where’s Waldo.  Fun...sad... but fun.

President Trump is THE GOAT!
I always thought he was the walrus.

And Flint residents are still being poisoned.....
 Cult of personality, cult of personality, cult of personaliteeeeeee 
Oh look people who want to suck his tiny penis.

wow, that exchange was really worth tweeting out you sycophants

Trump loves Trump and that is all. End of story. Anyone who pretends otherwise is not paying attention or too stupid for words.
What? No "Mexico will pay for it chant"?
I love you Mr president trump
支持者 : "我们爱你, 王牌!

主席@realDonaldTrump: "我也爱你。

乌鸦 d: "美国!美国！美国！美国！美国!#TrumpRally
This rally was all about feeding the flock.  Nothing new at all. Deeply swallowing the empty words
Riveting


"i was sent to warn you, devil's in the next room"
https://youtu.be/_AsPY1bQx70 
Jan 24 2016
https://youtu.be/LZBhTfkK3fE 
August 27, 2012
https://youtu.be/xPuDiMC28is 

You forgot -  

The majority of country: “what the hell happened?  Is this really what we’ve become?  Bring back Obama, Bush, anyone else please.”

I know aliens own this planet and matrix, YouTube helped me predict both these disasters!
Cargo crash 4 years ago
https://youtu.be/M01RmcKsm2k 
Mississippi was last state I heard yesterday too 
https://youtu.be/nKMLxHxhBxU 
March 18-19 ,2017 iran tsunami
https://youtu.be/vYDxzLR9efw 
Why ignore?
The crowd chooses Barabbas over Jesus.
Radio just said " Lightning"!
Lmfao
1/3
https://youtu.be/JJ9SI7WShfU 
Why push us this far?
https://youtu.be/1q1MqsZCTUM 
https://youtu.be/dIv1o5jLvo0 
https://youtu.be/GWQzfP5wq6g 
I tried to warn You for years!!
Don't piss us off!!
I tried to warn You for years!!
Your planet seems like a superficial joke to Universe!!
https://youtu.be/lNLAwUwYL90 
March 14-15 2016 2 years before hawkins death 
https://youtu.be/y1XoJyWABkI 
Columbia destroyed
https://youtu.be/I44nx-HeuUY 
Better wake up soon from your drug war pusher daze..your planet is under attack,!!
Scary, isn't it.
I respected you for years, but none could ever respect me!!
Costly .for planet Earth
What a powerful moment. He needs to hear that. Thanks to the guy who raised his voice, he spoke for me too.
1/3+1/3=2/6
26 years
1/111,111/1
1/3,3/1
Double reflex pyramid formula equation..
If cause they love him he's just like them racist

There's several heavy retardation going on on this planet!!
That keeps me from having money to save it, as it steals all my alien tech to cause it's dumbass to get attacked by whatever disaster I commune to my alien gods
https://youtu.be/04fyWYLaYsw 

He is turning into a dictator while N Korea seems to be headed to a democracy. What a world! Who would have believed this even 5 years ago lmao
That's why I've still got nothing from my alien tech getting stolen for 26 years!!

What is the purpose of this rally? Or any of them for that matter? He won, he's president. Who pays for these rallies? Me and you? Isn't there a cheaper way to stroke his ego?
Cult worship is a sick twisted phenomenon.  And the 45Cult is especially disturbing since it effects the entire country with it's insanity.
Ground breaking journalism.
Crowd was paid to attend and chant Cohen has the documents:)
You’ve got a little orange there on your nose, @FoxNews. And some shit, I think.

Except Hispanics, right?
Trump is known as a weak flood of not so rantingly daedal gunge
That cult worship stuff is just weird and creepy
,Less than 20 minutes into the speech, as Trump jumped from assailing former FBI Director James Comey to the European Union in a speech that appeared largely unscripted, some in the mostly white and older crowd headed for the exits
We love you Trump! Don’t forget it! FLOTUS too!
Trump is an a******
F*** Trump and f*** you.


Drawing a crowd like President Trump did last night, he could change his name to Elvis. I was so proud of him!
As a Christian,  I am sure you will answer a question about the crowd.  Was the venue full?

That was a paid audience.
Didn’t he say that to @StormyDaniels or was it #karenmcdougall ?

TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP
His crowds must be getting smaller and smaller, because he sure won't brag on the size.   Spanky,  they love you,  keep preaching to them, because they are too dumb to know who you are.
I love him, too!
Breaking News:  Trump cult hates minorities!  Reality check: Majority of Americans rejects Trump!  Who is the minority now?
Fox News: DESPERATE
Neither you people at Fox News or Trump love America.  You only love you little cult who you can brainwash and control.  The majority of Americans gets your message and we reject it!
This is like a Hitler rally


The legend, legend.  Trump, best American president in last 10 years.
Let’s show more about the people in that crowd shall we?
This Trump supporter repeatedly yelled at the press, calling media “degenerate filth” and to get out of his country after the Michigan rally concluded 
Trump is doing great !! !
Hypocrites .. every single one of you.
Hmmmmm, reminds me of the correspondents’ dinner,,,,, not.
NOBEL   NOBEL   NOBEL   USA   USA   USA...WWG1...WGA
I can just watch this part over and over
Real Americans:
Love u Mr. Trump.
People love his decisiveness, no doubt.  This only makes his predestination more secure.
what divisiveness? he changes his mind more than he changes his underwear
Not to be mean, but I think you’re looking for undecided.  And not everyone likes him.  I’m more neutral.
typo, decisiveness
Has there been a sighting of General Kelley?
Russia here we come! Piss on meeeeee!!!
Fools...
So?

What news is this? Please please please identify yourself if you posted this on a news site ... I don’t agree with other media outlets either but this don’t have s link to a news story it’s ... idk what it is? This is a campaign ad Trump should have to pay for this ...
Can we just watch the clip, @FoxNews, and not an advertisement first? J.C.

Or tell us first: watch this advertisement and then after that, President Trump
Great job! @POTUS
What a repugnant 'man child.'

so pathetic
Sure, this is how you covered beloved President Obama who was well received around the globe and across the country.
right wing ideology of looking at everything as a match, we have to win and therefore they have to lose. SAD

The American Emperor- Trump
Next step, Hail to Trump, a 'great leader' just like Nazis hailed to Hitler?
哈哈哈，万众一心啊！点赞！


We love you
Sir Trump,it is an honor to have you as our Commander in Chief.  The whining noise you hear from these post is the sound of victory.
STATE MEDIA
Ah, but will u still love him when Mueller's investigation is completed & all Trumps little secrets r revealed about his involvement w/Russia, Stormy Daniels, etc.? Or....will u continue to keep ur heads buried in the sand proclaiming 'it's all a hoax'!!
That's why I've still got nothing from my alien tech getting stolen for 26 years!!
I have aliens attack Earth I'm documenting for it's crimes..thank you for ignoring us, it will only piss us off!!
He has so much more class than members of the press core.  I would like John Roberts or another classy member to stand up at the press briefing and make a public apology to Sara. It’s only fitting.
Is Trump running for President? God help us if he wins......

LIAR(S)!
tough crowd


And THAT pretty much sums up every Trump rally...oh, and rabid bigotry.
Thanks for reporting this. I really needed to know.
Hoodless Amerikkka.

Supporter: "We love you, Trump!"  

President @realDonaldTrump: "I love you, too."  

Crowd: "USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!" #TrumpRally
MAGA!
Stop giving this guy exposure @rupertmurdoch , not worth it... ( no its not...)
우리 대한민국 국민들도 미국인만큼 ,더더욱 #도널드트럼프대통령님을 사랑합니다 !!
저절로 우러나오는 마음이예요 
동맹국이라는 그 하나만으로 우리 대한민국은 기뻐서 춤을 춥니다 
더 솔직한심정은 마치 부모 형제의 나라 #미국입니다
We’ve become a joke on the world’s stage....
President Trump: I love you,  too! 
If you vote for me

Why is the tough guy SO AFRAID TO TO MEET WITH THE NAAP  OR GO ON NATIONAL TV AND FACE REAL TOUGH QUESTIONS?? BECAUSE HE IS MUSH! NO BACKBONE!!! WHEN THE MEDIA STOP FOCUSING ON HIS EVERY WHIM THEN HE WILL TEAR UP HIS HIGH CHAIR!!
Трамп, мужик!!! Мужик сказал, мужик сделал!!!
How poor is he?
Awww, this so sad. Self promotion through state media.

A truly enlightening exchange.
@realDonaldTrump go to Minnesota!!!
@realDonaldTrump Im sure mostly everyone knows that you dont understand the concept of love at all. You want people to obey and respect, not follow or love is what you really mean
Now this is Clip is so newsworthy that it has been posted 3 times by Fox.
I love that endearing senile old man too.
lol @ this tweet.

you guys are fucking joking i guess
Kasich: I didn't leave the Republican Party. The Republican Party left me. https://cin.ci/2Frf2Yq  via @enquirer
Bon Voyage 

Trump’s U.S. businesses have received at least $15.1 million in revenue from political groups and federal agencies
Utterly nothing at all 

It's also against the law for Trump organizations to not charge the government. Did you know that part?
Give your entire paycheck to the grifter, dopey.

TRUMP GOLF COUNT: 105 

Cost to Taxpayer: At least $67,036,857
America loves President Trump!  #MAGA 

.@BetteMidler talks about my hair but I'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so I won't. Is this a double standard?

http://CoolnessForever.com  

Coolness Everywhere…
