BLUE LIVES MATTER 
Blue Lives Matter  
Peace and comfort to his family.
Ill bet BLM won’t be out protesting this
No they only support violent thugs with multiple felony convictions!
Rip.Prayers go out to his family!Thank you for your service sir!
Cop killers need the death penalty!!!! #GodBlessTheBlue !!

God's speed!!!
#ThinBlueLine to my brothers and sisters: Stay vigilant, keep your head on a swivel ALL the time. Keep yourself armed. It looks like there is no place completely safe. Bless this brothers family!
Tragic God Bless him and his family friends.
Sad.
 #ThinBlueLine

PHOTO: Wounded warrior and his little angel  
Where’s the outcry over this lost life??? 
Thoughts & Prayers™

There I did something!
Democrats and Libs don’t care about law Enforcement or their family’s...they rather seem them Die...
Omg shut up!!! Someone died and you use it as something to bash politically! You need prayer!
@AnthonyJ5656 Sure like you care about Law Enforcement

Protest?

So sad! Praying for his family and the reconciliatiom of hearts in our nation with God!


Horrible.
Someone who puts his life At risk everyday, is murdered in his own home. 
RIP #BlueLivesMatter 

No marching when black cop killed by black gang, I’m shocked!
Seriously, where's BLM on this one? I guess police officers don't fit their narrative of hate...
If only there had been a good guy with a gun..
How hope they find who did it and hang them by their----. Jeopardizing children on top of that..SCUMBAGS. prayers to the family.

So sad Blue Lives Matter
RIP

How tragic! 
So sorry to hear praying for the family
So sorry to hear another LEO killed. 
That’s bad God bless you thank you
We need more secret hit squads taking out gang members.
"Jesus wept"
We need the rest of the story. They said they don’t think he was targeted, the target was another group outside his apartment. It is a shame, and I hope they catch the people that did this.
That's sad. Prayers for family and friends.
Praying for his family
Was it the NRA @johnlegend ? 
Sad day in Arkansas
President Obama this is on you, shame on you. You turned a lot of America against police in favor of criminals. You made statements that you knew to be false now the results. Shame on you how do you sleep?
There will be no protest for this
Blue lives matter!
It's almost like we should control these weapons of mass destruction
Need to hear more about this in the news. Sad to see Twitter chooses Michelle Wolf to trend and not this. Happens all the damn time. A black police officer killed? Nobody cares. A black male is killed by a white police officer? Oh, EVERYBODY cares.
Heartbreaking.
Go easy Man.
Follow the money trail Behind all of the police killings.  I bet they converge back to Soros.
This was a gang related incident. He was hit by stray gunfire. But you’re right, Soros is behind many killings.
Was he related to the Oliver Johnson killed in 2008?
What??????? #TrumpTrain #
Why
