Why didn’t they seek asylum in Mexico? #SanctuaryCity promises are overrated.
Mexico doesn’t have a welfare system that’s why. these are freeloaders selfishly adding more debt & keeping wages stagnant on average Americans just tryna succeed
That bs stop being so naïve these people are trained to say what they need too so they can get in.I’m pretty sure Mexico’s 2nd biggest income is illegal Aliens working in America only to send their money back to Mexico instead of investing it into our economy
I think it's more important for the @POTUS & @SecNielsen to put a stop to the ILLEGALS coming across our border TODAY !!! This is not immigration. This is invasion ! If they can't stop this small crowd, God have mercy on the flood that this gate opens up ! This is not #MYAMERICA
Look who's talking about invasion ...... let ask the Indians what they think about you
For the love of God your going to bring the Indians in on this ? I'd suggest you try & focus but spin is your best defense ..................
The Native Americans had an option to kick our "invading" asses out. They lost. Bring it on Caravan invaders.
They had an opportunity?

With small pox blankets and slaughter?

Mmkay.

Smdh
Shoot those cocksuckers climbing the wall
Ugh like we need more people on welfare. We need serious border walls and protection.
Agree, unfortunately most welfare users are  Americans, born in the , and are not Hispanic. Lol, go figure. I’d really like to see the food stamp program go away, then we would see who’s more affected by that.
Exactly..as should be...welfare us for AMERICANS...and you need to look at the CORRECT statistics..
Where are the rest of the stats?
I have a list, it goes on and on...do your own research
You are aware that this is a public forum?? it's everybodys business...SMH

And someone just tell me fucking why they are America's problem.
Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door
That's no law. It's a poem.
Maybe waving the American flag would help... If you like your own flag more, because that's what you love then walk back! Can't be that bad over there in Honduras!
BEFORE COMMENTING,DO THE RESEARCH.
AMERICA IS CLOSED!  
Trespassers!
Send in the military!?!?
I dont care what they're running from.
When were genuine asylum seekers ever seen to sit calmly & smiling atop a barrier?  They're usually fleeing in terror as quickly as possible
.@FoxNews #CaravanOfIllegalls
Someone forgot to turn on the electricity to the fence. Hit the switch, ICE!
Imagine that, the state that refused to deploy national guardsman now has a caravan waiting to illegally enter the us.....
Omg whatever will we do! Tired weary People yearning to be free....climbing a fence!

Oh the horror!

Ffs
Shoot
Seriously fact check and co.pare crime per capita with legal vs illegal citizens.

Quit drinking the dictators juice.
20.6 % of our federal prisons are illegals

100% of crimes committed by illegals ARE 100% preventable by our laws.

So every single crime an illegal commits should never ever happen.
Ohh yes the “dictator juice”

I’m Hispanic and I worked border before current deployment and on my last week caught 9 MS-13.

Guess you want criminals running around killing Americans, because that makes you sleep better.
DAMN-YOU'RE ALL CHRISTIAN HYPOCRITES.ASK YOURSELVES,WHAT WOULD JESUS DO ??
You dont get to use Christianity to compel people to do what you want them to, then tell them they cant practice their faith in the ways that you dont like.
If there was a wall people could go over it or dig under it.  That is a waste of tax payer money and Mexico made it clear they are not paying for the wall.  Wake up Trump lovers.
So what do you propose? What makes a country a country? A BORDER.
We are all FULL here....stay in Mexico.
you house and feed them if you so in love with them
It’s pieces of shit like yourself that are the reason why in the next 10-15 years retirement will go up to 70! & social-security for the hard-working people whom actually paid their part Will be on the verge of being nonexistent.
What FACTS did you state??Hahaha... you think it’s funny is considered fact??
They are gang members looking to create havoc over here
Any one of them caught breaching the border wall need to be met with lethal force. They are an invasion force at this point.
Send me to the top I’ll push them all off
They climb well. Grease those beams.
Let them stay waiting !
Accurate headline: Illegal Aliens try to invade our country to mooch off our system.
Department of Homeland Security,ICE,border patrol, and local authorities need to arrest anybody that crosses that border without proper documents
Yea, where the hell are they at ?
Honest question:

Why should the american taxpayer have any moral obligation in giving  asylum to people that should be protected by their governments?
Why isn’t anyone calling out the failed states of Central America?
It is the law of the United States. We signed and ratified a treaty saying we would.
I haven’t signed anything. I help migrants with my own resources. My point is that we should not force people who do not want to help plus there are still lots of internal problems in the us that should be addressed before allocating resources in giving asylum to anyone.
The gov’t signed and ratified a treaty. It’s the law of the United States. We have not only a moral obligation, but a legal obligation to allow them to apply for refugee status and hear their claims. If their claims are approved they have legal status & its associated benefits.
Explain to me: why is there a moral obligation to help immigrants over helping american black communities (for example)?
I never said we should prioritize helping one over the other.
Look at that POS Fence.  #BuildTheFuckingWall
Lol, dam soccer goals are taller..build it tall and wide.
I heard they caught people in a well known tunnel as well. 
Where do we go to escape the gang violence that comes with them?
The United States gets ripped by everyone, but everyone seems to want to end up here.  Interesting, very interesting.
It took me over 12 years to come to this country. We should build the walls!
Get this disease out our country
Electrify the fence!
So they can climb over and join another gang?
They are seeking asylum from Gang Violence by coming to tge US?! PLEASE! 
Send them to California
stop them now ... we dont need more free loaders
They could come and get paid for online health surveys like you? No?
GET THE WATER CANNONS....
Has anyone ever noticed #BuildTheWall never trends anymore.
And no one is stopping them! round them up and send them straight back to where they came from. Why not stop @ Mexico?
Ok, if they can come in and stay because they can only hold them for so long, no DACA deal and no more no more Visa's issued for people from these countries.
Where is ICE @realDonaldTrump Where is the Guard? This is infuriating! They must be stopped or more will be coming! Do something Mr President!
These images will get the funding for the wall. They show the pure disrespect for our laws. Thank you activist!!!!!!!
I don't like how that fence ends into the sea, some of these criminals can swim, we need sharks with frikkin lazer beams !
Choot'em Elizabet!! Choot'em!!
You want to stop this, build some camps like Sheriff Joe used to have, these invaders can sit there till their cases can be adjudicated, once they figur out they won’t be set free in the country this invasion will stop #BuildTheWall
FYI THEY ARE NOT CLIMBING ALL THE WAY OVER THEY ARE WAITING TO GET PROCESSED THROUGH PROPER CHANNELS. Unless we’re not going to be following our own laws, that is. 

But this is indeed a perfect example of how useless & a waste of money boarder walls are!
Make them seek asylum in Mexico
Protect our borders
Seeking asylum is inaccurate, if that's so they were seeking they would've stopped in Mexico....
Where is the barbwire on top?
They are not asylum seekers, Mexico is not at war, these people are parasites. All of them need to be sent back or more will come and try to cheat the system.
Temporarily suspend asylum until we find out what the hell is going on.
This should be Mexico's problem. They let them come across their country to our border. Put pressure on Mexico and this will stop.
This bullshit should upset some democrats, not just republicans. We have to get more republicans in House and Senate.
America says no.
We don't want them or the gangs they're bringing with them. Deal with your violence at home.
**they want to join the big gang MS-13 which spy Obama recruited for for 8 years-knowledgeable sources say!"
Where’s ICE
Someone needs to stop this crap!!!
You are heartless. These people are fleeing violence. Someone needs to stop your crap.
And I have a heart....for U.S. CITIZENS who suffer here, in AMERICA!!!  This is America, AMERICANS come first. So you’ll have to excuse my lack of sympathy for ILLEGAL CRIMINAL ALIENS and the pieces of sh*t who harbor them.
America is rich. We can afford to take care of our own, in addition to immigrants. It isn’t a binary choice between taking care of us or them.
Wake up snowflakes...these illegals are costing OUR COUNTRY billions.
Its time for AMERICANS FIRST !!!
You will have to just go to your crying closet bc you will never understand and you will never get it.
They won’t understand it because it doesn’t directly affect them.
Very true Deb..however i think they are so brainwashed and foolish minded even when they are directly effected by something they find a way in thier brain to spin it back on Trump or Trump supports.
Absolutely!  They make excuses for everything. Like what that moron did last night to Sarah Huckabee Sanders. The left’s excuse is Trump deserves it. Ridiculous.
Arrest EVERY last one of them! Mexico was offering the Assylum to them all & they left there! Plus these illegals said "they were going to DEMAND we let them stay& weren't taking NO as an answer!
It’s US law that they have the right to apply for refugee status and have their claims heard. They aren’t breaking any laws—in fact, they are following the law to a t—so you can’t arrest them.
Crossing illegally isn’t following the laws associated with refugee status..
@POTUS where are you on this caravan crossing the border... are you in a coma. You’re the President! You can order bombing targets in Syria but can’t tell the military to stop these invaders crossing over our borders?
Shut the hell up with saying they want asylum… Mexico can give them asylum!

What they want is our jobs, our schools, our freedoms, our welfare, and most of all our money... Mexico can’t give them that - Mexico can just give them asylum.
They are showing they have no respect for our laws by climbing the wall and coming here uninvited. Where is @DHSgov @SecNielsen the National Guard and border agents?
America/@POTUS @realDonaldTrump needs to use a is solid wall at the  top!  cc @PressSec @KellyannePolls @kayleighmcenany @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @IngrahamAngle @marthamaccallum @gatewaypundit @rushlimbaugh @RepMattGaetz @RonDeSantisFL @Jim_Jordan @SenTomCotton  @SenateMajLdr
#BuildTheWall
ARREST THEM ALL , SEND THEM BACK TO MEXICO. PROTECT THE AMERICAN CITIZENS. 
STOP THE INVASION. 
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.

Poverty my butt! They’ve been traveling 2,000 miles and are dressed nice! They have box lunches. Some of them have been eating real well! My biggest gripe; if they are not flying an American Flag, but of their home country, why are they coming here?! Learn Respect!
Send them back , stay in Mexico no more free rides , BUILD the WALL !
Raise your hand if this is you.
For Foxy People, they said request Asylum, Not crossing over the wall.
BALONEY! Mocking & deriding our nation as they scale its border wall. GAMING our country's goodness!
Build the fking wall yesterday!!!!
The criminals are invading us.  We need to do away with our asylum rule.
Far left induced??
why don't they stay in Mexico
Is that video of people climbing over a wall?
I hope boarder patrol are waiting on the other side
This is hard 2 watch & not what we were promised by @POTUS. How many X did he chant #BuildTheWall?  Now we're supposed to be happy with bollard fencing and continued #catchandrelease? Or no fix to the asylum laws? Nov. is looming & many in the base r disillusioned, including me.

So they were able to safely walk all the way through Mexico and never stopped to ask if they could seek refuge there? Wonder why?
Our laws suck and need changed
Why they do not fight against them, they have created and allowed the gangs. Brinking the border wall is illegal, they must be stopped and tried.
Shoot their ass
What group in SAN organized this mess? There are over 10k homeless Americans sleeping in the San Diego River bed & on the streets & these foreigners are supposed to have priority? USA sovereignty & American citizens are obviously not a priority to the organizers. Bad ppl in SAN.
Send them all to @NancyPelosi and Rosie O’Donnell’s home... oh wait, they have a a wall/gate around their homes
Mass chain deportations...

Stop all invaders of America...

Cut all welfare benefits

Cut housing and food stamps

And 

BUILD THE DAMN WALL NOW!
Oh hell, now we have Fox "so called" News covering this.  This is the last thing we need from a propaganda machine.
Wheres border patrol or national guard.
I'm confused.  They left countries south of Mexico.  Was Mexico not a place they could escape to?  Or is it that this is the easiest way to get in front of the line?

send troops
@realDonaldTrump this is your version of securing the border? Make the phone call, mobilize the guard, lock it down








Fix this with a long stick. Mexico is obviously no better than where that came from. I believe in human rights but this is ridiculous. Stop them now.
Fire zone. Put oil at the base of wall and set it afire.
Inform them that they haven’t escaped gang violence, we got them here too.
"Migrants" are looking for work, that bunch is looking for welfare
Is it asylum when they bring the gangs with them?
How abt we round each illegal up that jumps & have huge military cargo planes ready to fly them back as soon as they are arrested. Cost is little compared to keeping them...Obama was flying planes over & picking up masses of ppl & bringing them to U.S. so we didnt know
Seeking asylum from gang violence? Who told them to say that?
There's gang violence everywhere - they should stay in their own country and fix it.   These people have been coached by immigration scumbag lawyers.  We can't let everyone into our country and support them.     No Asylum - No Immigrant Welfare - No More!  @realDonaldTrump
Mr Session's DO SOMETHING!  Also Arrest the American's who are Aiding & Abetting those who are illegal's
Who was the blonde stalker walking behind him? Love the way he looked at her Thought she'd get an interview but that sunk!
They are Invaders shoot them. Treat them as the enemy. Then it will stop.
Where the hell is the border patrol and some artillery or at least tasers
Don't let one single one in!! The 1st country from Guatamala is Mexico, NOT the US!! Send them all back, we have enough already. And since Mexico is letting this happen while laughing at us, stop sending them money as well !!
If they let these people in, they need to let in the white Afrikaans South African farmers too! #plaasmoorde
That is NOT video of the migrant caravan, as they are entering legally and asking for asylum, not climbing over a fence.
Look like the President of Mexico needs assistance dealing with the drug gangs.
Trump had a rally in Michigan last night.  Now a counter democratic rally today in TJ?
Hoping that the border agents will be safe once these people decide to cross !
Target practice time!!!
isn't this the same gang violence that the left wants to import en mass?
What a disgrace! Protect our borders now!!!!!!
Where is the Mexican government? This is outrageous!
And thats a bunch of crock! They only want freebies!! Keep them@out! We can’t pay for the billions of illegals now! No DACA! Send them home!
Pathetic
Let them in. We are not sure trumps wife cam here legally. He never had the press conference to prove it he promised over a year ago. Another promise broken
@realDonaldTrump
Hope they brought good weed
I think if They try to climb fence they go home. If they can’t follow law to get in how do we know they will follow once in US. Any other country would put them in jail probably.
They’re coming to claim/apply for refugee status that is a legal process—they are coming here legally regardless of the manner in which they physically enter the US. That is the law of the United States.
A couple of warning shots and perhaps some viscous dogs will deter that crap.
Why in the world would anyone want to escape gang violence? Sounds grand to me 
Send! Them! Home! now! @POTUS @ICEgov
They have a legal right to apply for refugee status and have their cases heard. That is the law of the United States.

Let them live in the California governor’s mansion
Lies
Build the wall!!!!!
Send them back we don’t want them here we cant afford to support illegals, refugees and everybody else that are still in this country
News flash we have gang violence here too if they are allowed to stay keep them in California or send them to Chicago so they can see the welcoming committee
as I thought Trump  was going to stop this form happening
They are showing disrespect for our laws by invading our country!
Which pro-
unchecked immigration proponents arranged this?
No entry
 TARGET  PRACTICE...
They want to come here to escape gang violence? Good luck with that!
Build the wall and the mule trains of drugs and crush the cartels. We will end the corruption in Mexico City and make Mexico great again as well as Central America with all the drug trafficking violence
I think this is B.S.that http://U.S.is  going to house these illegals I give them a meal and put right back in Guatemala
All fighting aged men... just what America needs more of. People who disrespect the rule of law.
And there it is....the spin...escaping "gang violence"
Some need to take these Monkeys down    I like the options China uses
Too BAD!  COME LEGALLY
I guarantee gang members coming over fence!
Vote candidates whi support President Trump and building the Wall!
Stop. Stray in Mexico.
Please electrify that fence. They say charcoal is good for the soil.
Americans need protection from gang violence which is probably crossing the border as those seeking asylum!
Great that they made it to Mexico. They can stay there and the Mexican govt can take care of them now. Mexico obviously wants to help, as they were given free conduct across their country to the border. Hooray for Mexico! Now they’re yours. Way to step up! Bahahaha! Lmao
why dont they claim asylum in mexico
NO!!! Enough already!!! Thought the President sent in the national guard!!!
I SEE THEM CLIMBING THE WALL SHOOT EM OR ELECTRIFY THE FENCE, MAKE THEM WAIT LIKE EVERYONE ELSE HAS TO DO, THE SECOND THEY CLIMB THE FENCE THEY ARE COMMITTING A  FELONY CRIME, MAKING THEM INELIGIBLE FOR ASYLUM !!!!
So they bring the crime with them! And as soon as they cross the border, they become criminals themselves
Put em in tents. Let em live in squalor for months. NO AMNESTY
Just because they ask for asylum doesn’t mean they get it.  BYE!  HAVE A NICE TRIP BACK TO WHEREVER YOU CAME FROM!
Send them all back asap
Where do American citizens seek asylum from gang violence, our mayors & governor are not protecting us.
Anne Frank could have been an 85-year-old living in Boston today. 

Anne's father's efforts to get his family to the United States ran afoul of American immigration policies designed to protect national security & guard against an influx of foreigners. God's creatures one & all.
Arrest them all!
Turn  Soros supported illegal immigrants back
Need a different style wall, this is like cockroaches crawling over!!
Illegal dishonesty
That wall is a joke.

OMG OMG OMG LOOK AT THOSE 10 AND 14 YEAR OLD BAD OMBRES You guys suck! Thats what America was built on. And if it wasnt ... the TREASON man in office would not have been here sucking this country dry for 70 years

Looks like the @POTUS may want to reconsider and build a solid wall.
I just noticed on a video the great fences fortifing our border is easily climbed with people sitting on top taunting the Border Patrol. Thank ypu George Soros for funding these illegals. Whats in it for you? Socialism? Build a great wall they can't climb.
Sorry the refugee registers are closed until further notice. Please call ahead next time.
califTax$SkyHigh2WelafarAllOfSouth AmericaBrakeUnionLaborCalled ilegalMigrants
thatsDemsTPPsneakyHiddenBackUpPlann AsTrumpKilled TPP yeaBaby
Wow those fence were designed for climbing 
Hurray, attorneys and judges are at the Mexico boarder. The people are not just being thrown out as Trump and GOP wanted.

This behavior is NOT seeking asylum! see then back! We don't want them!
Shoot them down!!!
No, no, no.

Put a cattle shocker at the top, that will keep them off our wall!
Stay in Mexico......

Our country is being violated and Mexico is helping them!!
The US has gangs,murders,kidnappings and a corrupt government plus mass school shootings and bombings homeless veterans plus more im confused
I would like to know what kind of walls we have here when they can climb right up to the top of a 30 or 40 ft. wall ?

Wow they're right here. (San Diego). 
California has plenty of gang violence. They should have stayed home.

Arrest them
Did anyone tell them we have gangs here too?
If someone enters my property we are allowed to shoot to kill, why can’t we do that to invaders of our country?
Just leave it up to FOXNEWS to keep pushing the faults  narrative of having Asylum
Go home and make a life for yourself!!!
send them all to LA let them pick up the bill our  vets can even get what they need
