Donnie is the ultimate snowflake


Did him get his size xxxl tighty whities in a wad? Hope so! Maybe he shouldn't be such a poor president with no intentions of #MAGA. His intentions are to destroy America. He deserves worst than he got last night.  @FoxNews #foxpropaganda #Foxlies #TrumpIsAnEmbarrassment
Trump:  the Ultimate Snowflake
WHCD the ultimate race to the bottom. Total lack of class and professionalism.
Well, @michelleisawolf probably should have kept it classy and just made fun of disabled people.
Is Senator Jon Tester one of the Congressional predators who paid out sexual harassment settlements with taxpayer money from the #ShushFund? Asking for a friend
He just drones on and on with the same babbling. You would think he would be creative enough to at least try to up his game. It’s like watching two reruns of The Apprentice over and over and over again. BORING!
Yeah we need a great orator like Obama lying 24/7 365! LOL at you
They don’t deserve to have him there
NONE of us deserve to have him here.
Attaboy! 
He did not need to be subjected to that hysterical and racist diatribe from what's her name.
Instead he delivered his own hysterical and racist diatribe.
He was right to snub this Amateur Night by the most Vile Left Wing participants. They made his case. Next year I predict that nobody from the White House will attend. This event will DIE of it’s own doing. @KellyannePolls @realDonaldTrump @PressSec
It won’t die. They don’t need anyone from the White House, I guarantee you as soon as Trump is out of office the new Administration will attend. Trump’s Administration is weak.
You will have a long wait before you see a Democrat President. The Left is revealing themselves every day. That Party is going to have to be transformed.

Why do they have this dinner if everyone complains about it. It hardly seems productive or enjoyable and only seems to darkly divide us all even more. Who is ever going to take the high road and start us in some level of unification?
If these "comedians" had any talent, there's so much more that could be funny. The fact that there are Americans who find this to be humor is just sad. Nothing like lowering your standards. If republicans were as hellbent on finding fault in Obama, they would be called racist
POTUS takes shots at everything. 
This is not news.
President Trump was with great hardworking Americans and proved that he was right to skip the #whcd .
The liberal media dinner turned in to a hate fest that left even some liberals uncomfortable with the level of hate.
I think POTUS was smart to snub the dinner. Too bad others from the admin attended and wasted their time. The dinner has become a self-congratulatory, echo chamber of D.C. elites out to impress each other.
Trumps skin is so thin Sarah Palin can see his organs from her front yard
That was sublime.
Seems we’ve had a couple in a row now right? At least in someone’s opinion...
No, it skips a cycle.
I see what you did there Barry
You mean, “Thin-skinned coward rationalizes his absence to make himself feel less cowardly”
If you watch that comedian, you can see why he didn’t go, it’s disgusting what they’re doing. They attacked Sarah who is one of the most powerful women in America, making fun of her on national TV. How embarrassing to be a Democrat today. Disgusting


I LOVE SEEING CONSERVATIVES HEADS SPIN!!


Donald Trump, the guy who said he’d run into a school to stop a shooter with an AR-15, isn’t even brave enough to attend the White House Correspondent’s Dinner because people are making jokes about him there.
A real man would have showed up in person and delivered a few of those shots back himself. Like every single other President before him.

But, you know.
A real man would never dine with people who lie and attack him every day...., however, a cuck would...
By that logic, I can't imagine how anyone dines with him. For the first time in his life, he is being held accountable for the brazen lies he tells. 

You cannot defend the indefensible, save for wilful ignorance.
Our President cannot fire people face to face and on one night of the year, he cannot face the media , for the same reasons. It’s called leadership. He runs and hides.
When you spend most of your time attacking the American people like Trump and Fox News does on a daily basis...you have to take personal responsibility. You reap what you sew. If you can't take the heat, get the f*ck out of OUR country. #WHCD #Winning
How adult of POTUS the toddler
Did the right thing!   But, Sarah shouldn’t have had to sit through this either.
POTUS IS VERY INTELLIGENT! WHY SHOULD HE GO TO A PLACE TO GET INSULTED BY PERSONS IN THE NEAR FUTURE MAY BE INDICTED FOR CRIMES! MAGA !!!
Good for him. They deserve everything they got coming. Smh
Nobody missed Trump there. I just can't wait until Trump and all of his colluders vacate our White House.
Your such a good boy. Do worry we'll tell anything you want to hear but the truth. Just
#BlueWave2018

@realDonaldTrump is a coward. Doesn’t have the gonads to show up because his fragile ego can’t handle it. @PressSec at least had the stones to handle it.
It's not a Snub, when the company there is just less than.  #TrumpSmart
#WHCD
#snowflakestotherightofme


@realDonaldTrump doesn`t show up because that`s where Obama made them all laugh at him.

He's a #snowflake
Bruce, you need to get some help. How could any one be so screwed up?
If you're a trump supporter you're the one who needs help.
This coming from a two-time Obama voter and a Hillary supporter! You do know your side lost the last three major election? I guess that makes the great majority needing help? LOL at you get a job
Compared to the shit show in our White House now I'd definitely vote for POTUS #44 again and again. "Lol at me get , a job "  ha! Did you come up with that all by yourself?
Anyone who support Obama can only be a broke beggar on the Dole please The economy is booming but you want to kill Trump I wonder why? Don't worry the Blue Wave is coming in the next 7 years har har har
Never said I wanted to cause harm to Trump. What are you reading? I'm well educated , good job and have never been "broke" or a "beggar." But if I knew of someone struggling my first instinct would be to help unlike the conservative party.
Now..
Is this a Trump supporter or what?
DNC supporter
Is this a Trump supporter or what?
Another questionably sane Liberal.
Definitely Trump supporter material. See we have stupid on all sides.
You mean snubbing it ever since O called him out, very cleverly btw, on being a birther at the WHCD?
Meant O  not Joe
lol 

That’s because his fragile insecure ego can’t take a joke!
The Liberal Press constantly delivers 97% negative Destroy-Trump, Destroy-Conservatism, Pro-Progressive partisan political rhetoric. Many hate-filled guests licking their chops in anticipation of attacking Conservatism. The American people see the truth despite the diversion.
PLEASE DONT GO THEIR EVER....AND DONT SEND  YOUR WOMEN THEIR ALSO....
I would take more that shots at the media if i were the one they have been attaching and using every lie they can to discredit him.
Good job President Trump
Here is where Trump goes off the rails.  Throwing insults at people  in one form or another only brings your level down and we all know Trump is already in a deep dark basement hitting solid rock. Looking juvenile and petty
Why bother. Who puts this on anyway and how do we stop it boycott sponsors
She made jokes about things that are NOT funny!
they are comedians, not journalists. this is a concept of fake media. thus offensive comedian is the host. it all fits together as part of the puzzle
Good for him.

Considering what happened during last night's White House Correspondents Dinner, should they be considered as a hate group?
Why have dinner with a bunch of FAKES AND FONIES THAT DONT CARE ABOUT YOU !
POTUS chooses US, everytime!
I heard Tester is on the list of pediphiles sealed indictments.
Who wants to attend a XXX event to be offended and violated, not me.
Again, a GREAT DECISION to NOT waste an evening.  #MAGA
We’ve heard lots about you, Dirty Donald, bad and shameful things. Lots of the stuff you’ve done is illegal. And you still got elected.
...and likely he will...wait, wait for it...
Blow their minds with BUBBLE DEPLOYMENTS.
Aww. Poor  donny. Didn’t want to get his feewings hurt, so naturally he sent his surrogates. Typical little boy fRump
Shots from afar! Man uP and attend. Take what you spew out there. Like all bullies just a #Coward
Making an ass of himself in Michigan instead.
should have been there ... Obama wasn't

Yes it’s disgusting why go somewhere where you’ll be bullied, ridiculed and embarrassed.
Can’t blame him!
https://twitter.com/BlueCrush2018/status/990625444960657409?s=19 …
Trump is less of a man than Obama.

Obama went, got roasted, and took it like a man not a whiney little girl.
SO GLAD we have a real potus not some brown nosed egomaniac that was set on destroying America. Thank God for Trump
If President Bush 43 and O’Bama thought so highly of Admiral Jackson, they should come to his defense and denounce Senator Tester and CNN.
And he doesn’t care. Deal with it.

So childish and he’s the leader of our country SMH. Time grow up your NOT business man your the leader of our country our President.
Why go be insulted
THE LIBERAL PRESS NEED TO GET ON TRACK..OR THEY WILL BE  WHIT OUT A JOB...DESTRUCTION OF THE AMERICAN NATION WILL MAKE YOU A HOMELESS PERSON...NO MORE BIAS PROPAGANDA ONLY FACTS..TO WHO YOU GOING TO REPORT WENT YOU HAVE NO COUNTRY ANY MORE?
MTG CFF-4Pau ~ILs[Dis Grace]
HE childishly attacks people daily - hiding behind Twitter and hate rallies. It speaks volumes about his character that in place of attending #WHCD, @realDonaldTrump chose to deliver HIS not-funny roast to MI simples.
WHAT Correspondence? Reading Scripts DICTATED BY DEEPSTATE DOGS of nothing but lies & spewing insults is all these Minions are capable of. CANCELL THE FARCE- JOURNALISM IS DEAD!
"Waaaaaaa. Somebody else was vulgar! Somebody else was mean."
 (but at least she was honest)

Freakin' crybaby.

His decision to skip it once again proves his intuition right on the money. Most of the attendees are publicly cringing at that spectacle. Even the ones that hate him.
He doesn’t have the balls to show up. Maybe Stormy’s got them.
Bullying...
When being an offended, libitard snowflake with no safe space no longer works.
We see right thru you


FIRE FATSO TESTER
Typical Trump
Great Rally, we become complacent and need these pep talks! Make America Even Greater! Go Michigan my Great State!
For a big tough guy he's quite a weak-kneed emotional wuss
Pontus is a wise man not to fall into that trap!
Good for him! Why would he want to go to be insulted especially when his family is also the target!
#HypocriticalCowardDJT
He who you call POTUS is a coward in every sense of the word @realDonaldTrump
Nothing newsworthy there. Just more staccato ramblings from Donny Dimwit. I don't know how he handles all the self-congratulations. It might give him a big head!

He’s to stupid to get the humor!
He plays these live Todd tools like a Stradivarius
Our POTUS should nominate the self professed most qualified veterans affaris person in the U.S. Nominate Montana Senator Tester. Or is Tester just another DC blowhard.
Good
You should indefinitely cancel this event until further notice.
No reason to go - the USA has serious problems to deal with & we don't need distractions from the "liberal sideshow"

Trumps a Coward he can dish it out but can`t take it and like a little cry baby goes running to the Klan Rally b/c the bad ppl are picking on Him .  Pay back is a Bitch .
I'll consider the source
Good for him for not going, I don’t think Anyone from the WH should attend, these so called “journalists “ do nothing but degrade, bully, and insult. They are not funny unless you are a liberal democrat. Can you imagine if they would have trashed Valerie Jarrett?
"How broke IS Trump?"
If you haven’t seen the rally make sure you watch it, it’s brilliant, and watch the whole thing, don’t watch the little clips that the media likes to show because they will make it seem different than it actually is
Are you a writer, can you imagine where most go   ?  
Trump is a snowflake . Prefers a hand picked audience.
If those A plus students all pursued Journalism for a vocation, degree and they all showed up every year, 150 of them to Regina for broadcasting journalism posititions they would not all find work !!!

Journalism is very very competitive and unfortunently this is where they find
as they sighed a breath of relief..... who wants this braggart with his vengeful soul?

He's just too jealous!
Why on earth would our President want to spend the evening with his detractors, attackers and liars???
Coward
Thanks, man. I needed a good laugh.
Sure anytime I could smarten up an ignorant leftist it makes my day! Swish



I had a class of 50 students in high school, in a town of 1000 within three hours of the Capital of Saskatchewan . 

We had 150 towns of this size and larger !!!

If the top student, due to her or his position was to graduate with an A plus then I would see that as fair.
The dinner revealed the hearts of those who spoke & we learned their hearts are filled w/#hate & bigotry. There may be many PPL who will choose to follow such persons, but a heart filled w/love & tolerance is much more appealing. #liberal #fakes

More whing. This administration is so week!
Next year, they will be roasting inmate Trump.
ВЫ ТУПЫЕ АМЕРИКАНСКИЕ ОБЕЗЬЯНЫ...ОБЪЯВИТЬ О СОЗДАНИИ ЕДИНОГО МИРОВОГО ГОСУДАРСТВА И ПОД ЭТИ ПРЕДЛОГОМ НАЧАТЬ ВТОРЖЕНИЕ И ОСВОБИТЬ РУССКИХ РАБОВ....САМИ ЭТИ ПИДАРАСЫ НИ ХУЯ НИ СДЕЛАЮТ ЭТО БЫДЛО КОНЧЕННОЕ!!!
It is true Sara Sanders continues the lies told by Teumpie - if you can’t take the truth then move aside

That's such a cowardice move.
Next year put sheriff Joe in charge of the menu. 
 They won't be back.
That's because he's thin skinned and can give it from the safety of twitter but can't take it as seen when Obama roasted him.
Everything Donald  does is driven by Health Care Doctors, many in the Military and many femmist women.

The Chain of Command is this:

Doctors

Media

Democrats/Republicans , they are one party

Today's game is fake enemies, a fake enemy is  better than a real one !!!
The 11 best zingers from Michelle Wolf's raunchy White House Correspondents' dinner routine
I never heard of this bimbo anyway
It was truly embarrassing for everyone. The media should really look in the mirror at themselves but they won’t because they are not journalists.  They are Leftist shills that are supposed to lie to the American people. No moral compass whatsoever.
Trump's just upset that it's getting more coverage that his ego rally.
DT WHINING about getting Roasted at the 
White House Correspondents Dinner ??

Excuse me -- What did he say about the White House Correspondents Dinner,
as to why he was not going ?? 

DT Attacks & the Press Attacks Back.

Seems FAIR to me.
The Faux News, Trump's own propaganda channel.
The lying Libs own everything else!
None of the Trump administration should attend. 
After 2 years of 24/7 hate/lies the MSM and especially CNN are crumbling. 
Its not news. Its 24/7 OpEd and tabloid garbage
Good
Thin-skinned man-baby was too terrified to show up.
I was waiting for big loud mouth to start his rant, I’m only surprised he took so long 


Edm World Baby pop u2 1-1 
I do not know why it is put on TV it seems these people already spend too much time on TV.
What's the over/under he snubs two more??? 
rave on trumpty dumpty 
