Comey intentionally let politics play a role in his exoneration of #CrookedHillary. At best, that's unethical. At worst, it's obstruction of justice. Even if he wasn't part of the conspiracy, he was a useful tool in carrying it out. He should be in jail.
.@LindseyGrahamSC: "James Comey, I don’t trust him. I think he was part of an effort at the FBI to give Clinton a pass. The way they conducted that investigation was a joke." #SundayFutures @MariaBartiromo 
2. Private Conversations w/ @POTUS SHOULD be classified, if they currently are not. By leaking the memos, he committed a crime, &/or several violations of #FBI rules; the Memos were Govt. documents. He also prevented @POTUS from exercising Executive Privilege, as to the memos.
3. Lastly, Comey intentionally used his memos to influence the hiring of a Special Counsel, in order to cause harm to the presidency. Certainly, his causing the Govt. to spend money, under false pretenses, is illegal. Not to mention the cost to @realDonaldTrump & the presidency.

What parasite ate his brain?
Putin?
Trump?
Kompromat?
What?


But you trust #45 and his regime! Wait you are part of his regime!
Why not?  You barrelheads trusted Hilliary.

At least we are #MAGA

President Trump was kind to Comey. I am still baffled as to how Comey achieved Dir of the FBI status. The man is delusional. Can't remember, doesn't call it a "leak" doesn't see it as others. How???????
Will Hillary ever be investigated for violations of 18USC793? If not why not?
Clarification: A real investigation conducted.
Clinton good.        Comey.   Good.   Trump.  Bad.    Time for a rest
Nunes' joke was way funnier.
Have you seen the treasonous house intel committee ? Also comey gave trump the presidency
Great interview, Maria you were fantastic as always was thrilled.
Well Lindsey, you need to quit being a jelly fish and stand behind the president on his agenda.
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump
I dont trust fascist Lindsey Graham
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump
FBI AND THE DOJ WORK FOR THE DISGUSTINGLY, CRIMINAL CLINTONS,,,,,
Then why protect Comey  via supporting the Mueller investigation Graham? That sends a terrible mix message! Graham be that MAN who's not scared of calling to put an end to the witch hunt of the POTUS!!!
Comey reopening the Clinton investigation just 11 days before the election, is what won Trump the election. When are you clueless Republicans going to stop beating a dead horse?
The federal government has a functional justice department. If there are charges to be brought, then bring them. Right now it looks more like bs propaganda.
More credibility, less bias, than any senator or house member ... pay your own clips Lindsey (some before, some after Trump golfing) and smell the sellout and lies
Dear ,sweet baby Jesus. Let’s focus on our current President. Let Secretary Clinton go ... really Fox -zero days without an HRC bash. Next up: Hillary trips babies...
@GOP @DNC Graham you are wrong, they were not protecting Crooked Hillary, they are protecting Wanna Be King Obama who  was trying to stab Pres. Trump in the back with Politicizing the FBI, DOJ, CIA and even U.S. Amb. Power to spy on Trump with over 2,000 FISA warrants
Every once in a while Lindsey almost makes me like him.
WE always knew Comey was a liar! DID YOUR HANDLERS TELL YOU TO GO AGAINS'T HIM GRAHAM!!! YOU ARE A PUPPET OF THE LEFT AND WE WILL VOTE U OUT WHEN THE TIME COMES!
ReTHUGLICANS only trust the FBI when they're investigating civil rights groups.
Many of us completely agree with this assessment. What happened to the pay to play with the foundation? Why are so many politicians given a pass?
I agree with Graham, as announcing and reopening an investigation 11 days prior to one's election is clearly an effort to give that candidate a pass!
Well said Lindsey Graham.
Defending the indefensible! Maria, what happened to you? You once were decent!
That's just half the story don't leave out the coup against Trump
Well guess what Graham...70% of Americans trust Comey and the FBI.  You are part of this Trump scam and you are on the wrong side of history.
What about all the investigations over 30 years the Clintons have been subjected to?All that was found out was an affair.. no crimes. So you’re saying all those years all the people who invested them couldn’t be trusted either?
So much of a pass that he decided to blow the election for her 10 days out. Does anyone f’n remember that?
Shame on you @LindseyGrahamSC. You know you don't believe that. He raised serious questions about HRC, and chastised her right before the election. Stop repeating lies and conspiracy theories!!!
Do you need air time this badly?
@realDonaldTrump

Why isn’t Hillary indicted???
Comey is a liar and traitor who needs to be indicted.
Typical.
Commanding grasp of the English language, again typical.
Do you speak English or are you Russian?

I agree with Graham on this line, but he's a frekin Hypocrite! He blasted Trump and cut him down on multiple occasions. Now that Trump actually Is making a difference, Lindsey's hiding his past rhetoric and pathetic historical narrative with open support but NO apologies.
Yes, and he's the same idiot voting to protect Mueller in the farce of an investigation.  MUELLER HAS ONLY ONE GOAL; "GET TRUMP"
Fake News
No one trusts Graham either
Mr Graham where have you been?  Just now figuring this out?
Not a joke - it is a criminal conspiracy & everyone involved should be going to prison!
FAUX NEWS made to sell propaganda to the base.

Mr Graham of SC if you think that the Investigation of Hillary was a Joke then you must definetly think the Same of The Investigation into Russia that seems to be controlled by Devine N. Is a Joke as well.Selling your Soul for Power &Greed is what this Republican Party Represents
@NBCNews always the liberal smack downwind, bias and propaganda against the lawful president of the United States.  Media traitors.
#Propaganda  #disinformation  #FakeNewsFox
It was criminal
So, Putin gave Traitor Trump kompromat of Lindsey Graham having sexual relations with a less-than-legal boy, huh?
You’re a joke Lindsey! Flip flopping to whoever is being liked by the public at that moment! You’re a disgrace to South Carolina and have shown many times you’re just a spineless little man and a perfect example of why people can’t stand politics!
The joke is @LindseyGrahamSC, one of the chief RINO obstructionists.  How can anyone take him seriously?
Changing your tune now that your cohort McCain is resigning..join him in retirement Lindsay!
Figure that out all on your own?  I have known the Clinton's have been crooked for 30 years.
That’s ok. We don’t trust @LindseyGrahamSC either. All talk, no action.
@LindseyGrahamSC out here still trying to keep his secrets in the closet. *YAWN*
Gave her a pass by destroying her campaign? Interesting strategy.
I don't trust that Lindsay Graham is acting in good faith.
Lost all faith in FBI when learned that Hillary was not under oath when interviewed.
Just like the joke you and the rest of Senate passed a bill to to protect Muller! I don’t trust a word you say ! You talk a good game! But you don’t mean any of it!
They tried to over throw the Government.
Kellyanne said it herself, Comey swayed the election. It's ridiculous to make the accusation he was bias towards Trump when he wrote that memo days from the election and stayed silent on what was going w Trump and Russia. Gtfoh!,
This is "why Trump".
Get on the train Lindsey....
18 U.S. Code 371
If 2 or more persons CONSPIRE either to commit any offense against the US, or to defraud the US, and one or more of such persons do any act to effect the object of the conspiracy, EACH shall be fined or imprisoned not more than five years, or both.”
Senator stop making TV rounds and govern for the people...schools safety, teachers pay, restore our retirement pay for the military (you dismantle it) health care, tax for the working folk, immigration reform, education, crime. Work in those that’s the American thing to do,,,
I agree
you check or? he thinks! that’s not journalism
Kinda like the House Intel investigation ??? That’s the joke, no one interviewed. Please.
She’s right!
Lindsay you can't be serious.
Ok seriously what is wrong with these People? The Government has been infiltrated! God bless President Trump!
How Crooked HRC is still is a free woman is mind boggling. She is a career criminal who deserves to be incarcerated.
Now #littlelindsey wants on the #trumptrain to #trumpville.
5 times the man you’ll ever be. Ever notice that not one of you critics ever stakes a position&sticks with it?YOUback&forth:”He sucks. He’s my idol.” Comey has. He put it in ink. He’s steadfast. No lies. Just the facts. Doesn’t need to lie. Far better man than you.

Lindsey loves to run his mouth for the cameras, doesn't matter what he says, whether it contradicts what he said yesterday, or whether it makes any sense. As long as he gets camera time.
LOL ... Graham is such a two faced worm
Listening to meet the press this morning causing me to look forward for charges to be brought against him
Wow! Imagine you saying that, how can the American people trust the your party all they have doing is covering up their own lies and trump.
Trump puppet
Someone was looking out for this country because it is hard to believe these cowards were willing to do anything for some reason to get Hillary elected.
What of all the congressional investigations? Did they find anything? At least Gowdy admitted he wasted his time and accomplished nothing. Hillary is gone. Time for trump to be gone too.
Can’t believe the Clinton mob gets away with this!
COMEY HANDED TRUMP THE VICTORY 2 DAYS BEFORE THE ELECTION!!!
Here's a real joke
The way he handed Trump the Presidency, you mean? Agreed! That was like a bad joke.
Again Lindsey spinelessly goes along with trumps stupid narrative
I don't trust him either. Remember when he ran a bogus University to scan people out of millions. What a dick.
How did he all those people through a “scanner”? 
Guess what? We don’t trust the president or anyone who still supports him!
Ahhh. I thought Lindsey Graham was that beacon of hope.  Unfortunately he goes back down partisan conspiracy way
You have just become and another obstruction who is full of theories and lies before you go throwing stones Graham need to look at your own Glass House
When McCain was healthy and in Washington Graham had backbone but once McCain became ill and was no longer in Washington Graham lost his "McCain infused courage". Today, Graham is reduced to another "tRump lackey" who is afraid of tRump.
i disagree. we don't trust u. @LindseyGrahamSC
Lindsey Graham has had almost 2 years to do something about this and INSTEAD has made a joke of himself by trying to get on every Sunday show preaching he supports Trump, when in fact he votes against Trump agenda - VOTERS ARE NOT BLIND to LIE of @GOP #SouthCarolina #Georgia
Like Rand Paul anything to get press coverage!
I don't trust Lindsey Graham.
The fbi decision/investigation of clinton needs investigation for historical reasons
Speaking of people who can't be trusted
Seriously?? Such an effort that he handed Trump the WH. No one on either side trusts you Lindsey. Flippity floppity
Comey didnt hand Trump the WH, he kept Hilliary OUT OF JAIL.
For once I “kind of agree” with Graham. Reason being is that Comey needed to stop the book tour.  His public appearances have been worthless and about a Quarter short of our reality show president. It has not been good for the FBI and has only added to Donalds conspiracy posture.
What exactly would Hillary of been convicted of ? What was the possible punishment?
@Comey
Like the House Intel Committee investigation…please!
I have trouble trusting Graham,but yeah comey is nuts
Isn't the whole point of the investigation to get to the bottom of how things went down? Won't Mueller be turning over every stone?
Gee,ya think Wally???
Retire hick
Graham you are untrustworthy.
Why was that piece of shit Lindsey Graham on my f**king  T.V.

Graham you flip flop so much you sure talking is the right course of action or doing something about the corruption might be a better course
@AshaRangappa_ @FrankFigliuzzi1 @jimdesarno15 @jharpwil @JamesAGagliano @Chris_Swecker @AllThingsNatSec @FBIAgentsAssoc @Comey What part of the FBI’s investigation of Clinton “a joke”?
ALL OF IT.

Get it?

ALL OF IT.
And we don’t trust you RINO
Yes it’s that time again
I don’t trust you either Graham,  you’re not above taking shots at anyone.
The textbook “give her a pass” by opening an investigation that cost her a presidential election. 

Classic Comey.
She lost cuz she SUCKED.

PLAIN N SIMPLE
Any1
Want 2
Solve the
Hillary Clinton
Email case
3 different ways
In 1 tweet
Using either
A clock
A word thats more than a word or
An 80's TV show?

Ready?

A) 9/11/12 11:12pm
B) "Two..."
C) Murder, She Wrote

Raw real time intel across an
Unsecured private server

It's that easy
@realDonaldTrump
Mr amnesty your not to be trusted either.
Reminder: despite 2 years of empty rhetoric by Trump and others, none of his hand-picked leaders at DOJ and FBI has initiated a single charge against Hillary or her staff.
Southern Fool
Can’t believe I’m agreeing with @LindseyGrahamSC! #maga #trump2020
What about a hook ?
Treason in the FBI.
... are you serious? It was Comey's premature announcement about the email investigation that almost certainly cost her the election! How short are your memories?
Really? And that announcement just before the election? You guys are like he gang that couldn't shoot straight.
...and Graham continues to play both sides.  What a disgrace.  He knows what Trump and his thugs did but he plays to their idiotic base.
Trust?  This man pretends to not be gay and then talks about trust?
Pfftttt!
Then do something about it! You have the power, use it.
sizga prezervativ sho'rponi yoqadi?
So what dirt does Trump have on you?

PHOTO: Wounded warrior and his little angel  
