Trump's comprehensive strategy:

Sit on the toilet shitting while tweeting hate-filled rants at everyone.
Tomwellborn you are evil and hateful. You see all the great work POTUS Trump and his administration is doing and has done for we the people, and you come up with all these hate filled rants.  Shame on you!!
I hate pedophiles and rapists.  If that makes me evil, I'm living in the wrong universe.

https://twitter.com/TomWellborn/status/942781653306441734 … #TrumpSexProbe

https://twitter.com/TomWellborn/status/942781653306441734 … #TrumpSexProbe

https://twitter.com/AynRandPaulRyan/status/939120442287185920 … #TrumpSexProbe
A list of Trump's accusers.

The most powerful man in the world is looking a lot less powerful in the age of #MeToo.…

Obama never had to worry about his mobster lawyer flipping on him.

Obama never had to worry about a special counsel…
Because obama had his own support network working to cover up anything he did. Not cause he was virtuous. Big difference.
The usual political shade and nothing more than babbling rhetoric.
#typical
Let the delusional lies begin!
The Third World War is not a strategy, it is a War Crime, Mr. Pompeo @StateDept
@realDonaldTrump
Many people are saying Trump is fake bag of crude whale vomit
Are these people given orders to always comment negatively about previous administrations regardless of topic? It’s all they talk about. What a backwards ass PR strategy for a presidential administration to abide by.
Obama is a loser and trump rules
Poor Robin, I'm so sorry for your dementia! Sad!
Better than echo chambers and pallets of cash?
Better than a waving finger, the full force of the UN Security Council and a strongly worded statement?
Trump may well be on the way to creating another North Korea . Trump is LYING when he says that the US gave Iran the $150 billion. Americans Trump is again playing us for fools. Trump knows but hopes we don’t know that the money was owned by Iran we just gave them back their own
Own money that was in frozen bank accounts. How deceitfully CONJOB this Trump is. Lindsay Graham is hoping Trump can do a similar deal with North Korea. Americans must be getting tired & very upset at each lie, deception, CONJOB, insult of our intelligence this little Hitler does
Why must everything coming from this administration be about insulting someone else? This type of behavior is embarrassing.
@MikePompeo_  @POTUS The ONLY reason traitor obama gave nukes to Iran is to threaten Israel. Obama hated Israel, why? BECAUSE HE’S A MUSLIM! Reverse the Iran scam nuke deal.
I absolutely love Mike Pompeo!
Thank God...
Unlike the past administration Trump is using you as a puppet head for all of his lies he has no strategy
Tweeting and playing golf aren’t strategies. 

Laziest president that’s ever existed 

#shitholepresident
I like him already,straight to the point and effective
His Comprehensive strategy is winging it as he goes along
Why was it necessary to start the sentence with “Unlike the past administration”.  Tired of hearing our current POTUS and his administration disrespect our former presidents.
Keep up the good work. Congrats on becoming the Secretary of State!!!!

Hahahahahaha
Notice the (((flag))) behind him
Picture tells a lot to those who understand!
Yes
But you got one less problem, the most important:  Iran doesnt have nukes tks to Iran Deal
Republicans need to understand the US alone cant corner Iran to do things.  The US needed Russia, China, India to push Iran to a deal.  They wont play along if the Iran Deal is killed
ROFL .... Trump has a strategy .... Wolf should have used that joke at the dinner last night
what a deal (is it "Grab 'em by the pussy"?)
What about Ivanka???
Bless You Fox News: for putting up with the socialist and democratic attacks and threats against you and your reporters! We Love Our Trump!
#POWERTOTHEPEOPLE

Trump's comprehensive strategy:

Sit on the toilet shitting while tweeting hate-filled rants at everyone.
Fake news.
This whole administration suffers from insecurity. They can’t just say anything,it has to be compared with ‘previous administrations ‘
Strategy: Threaten them with missiles while sitting on his ass! Maybe the will bend!
Does he have a comprehensive anything? #askingforanation
@realDonaldTrump


Villainous scum. Xenophobic monster. Racist white nationalist asshole. Money-laundering fiend. Russian patsy. Putin puppet. Hateful, isolated, lonely, desperate, insane douchebag.
Also unlike the past administration,  this strategy is written down on the back of a napkin and it changes every 15 minutes.

At least 4 people say they’ve been threatened during disputes with Trump.

“If you keep fucking with Mr. Trump, we know where you live,” one caller warned a lawyer. The FBI traced the call to a phone outside Letterman’…

..... and it won't involve delivering to Iran pallets of cash in the cover of night. #MAGA
Gotta love the left libtards responding!!!  Classic.
Yikes...learn better grammar Russian!
Those sentences are questions so please put "?" at the end of each of those! You're welcome 
https://mehrdadasadii1.tumblr.com/post/173432550005/irans-economy-and-logistics-hub-the-absence-of/amp?__twitter_impression=true …
What was wrong with the strategy of giving them pallets of ransom money and then ignoring anything they did??
What could go wrong?
In other words, 

Trump's  "Comprehensive Iran Strategy" is better than every other administration AND
We'll give you the details as soon as we actually have a strategy.
Its the US invasion and occupation of Iraq and its support for Israeli land grab ambitions , that have destabilised the Middle East NOT Iran ! Sheer hypocrisy from US secretary of state !
Ask him if this is true
This alarming move comes after the State Department deleted the word “democracy” from its mission statement. https://twitter.com/buzzfeedben/status/990673124319551489 …

What strategy???????? The guy is “winging it”! He has never had a strategy on snything but how to cheat at golf at Mar A Lago.
Sounds Like a big mouth that has no experience! Trump has no reason to know what any other party thinks! This isn’t real estate that he can screw them around with his lies! They will play him and nothing he can do ! Remember this!!!
The liess


Considering what happened during last night's White House Correspondents Dinner, should they be considered as a hate group?
Based on his communication (or lack of) with Americans, @realDonaldTrump hasn’t got a comprehensive strategy on anything except campaign rallies and picking the right combinations of  short, empty, inflammatory phrases to keep the base coming back. 

Nice try though.
TRANSLATED, HE HAS NO PLAN!
Iran needs missiles to counter threats. In fact US and Saudi Arabia are the real threats to the security of the region, thousands of civilians have been killed in Yemen due to Saudi Arabia's air strikes, people have been massacured in Syria by insurgents supported by Saudi Arabia
Now that is funny 
Let's go bomb another country in the #MiddleEast. @POTUS @StateDept @nikkihaley @USUN #IranDeal
: @realDonaldTrump, since becoming @potus-elect then #potus, has led a @USAgov that has sent confusing messages about his homeland’s role in the world.  I do agree with Secretary Pompeo that a #nuclear-free #Iran is important for the world. #uspoli #uspolitics #DonaldTrump

Best joke ever
There is nothing new here warmonger.
Unlike the Taint, he's not on Iran's side.
Let's solve the isis of central america problem .  Too many running here .. let's fix central america and give them a place to go back to.
Tomwellborn you are evil and hateful. You see all the great work POTUS Trump and his administration is doing and has done for we the people, and you come up with all these hate filled rants.  Shame on you!!
Hilarious! #Trump has no understanding of #Iran’s strategic culture or the malign role of USA in #Iranian history! CIA conducted a coup, imprisoned the elected Iranian PM, reinstated a despotic Shah & trained his secret police. USA caused the #IranianRevolution! Strategy??? 
Bullshit
Not war. Trump promised not to start wars. Trashed bush over and over. You start a war GOP will be voted out big time.  By their own voters
F*** YOU. QUIT TEARING DOWN OTHER ADMINISTRATIONS
Israel is the liar and the theif and the communist and the oppressor and the criminal yet Iran is the terrorist? Israel does not share the same values in Asia. Israel is not Asian. Israel is the tumor in Asia.
N Korea must let Am & SKorea check their nuclear sites 1-3 times a year.   Good job Pres. Trump &
Pompeii.
Ignorance has taken to the entire White House and State department now.  Bolton and Pompeo will get us in a war with Iran.
thought Trump wanted no more to do with Iran as there was nothing in it for the USA?  Changes his mind more than his undies.

Trump has a strategy?  Please tell
The people in the DC cesspool are such a very extremely not good example for the rest of America. The cesspool inhabitants most likely will never change. Good people need to become involved.  Both political parties need good people to take over their party management.
try reporting unbiased news
Trump says North Korea MUST be dealt with - USA and Japan vow to ‘CLAMP DOWN’ on Kim
Lol trump doesn’t even have a comprehensive plan on how to pay off a porn star he had an affair with while his third wife was at home nursing his fifth child, how can you possibly believe he can handle a complex international issue like Iran?
I don’t like that he never looks ahead....lies?omissions he knows Americans would not want?  He reminds me of Mueller testimony regarding weapons of mass destruction ...lies
Was letting Iran kick the Kurds out of #Kirkuk and run Iraq part of Trump's "comprehensive strategy"? &, what about letting Jihadists bomb Turkify & Islamize #Afrin? Now we have threats vs #Manbij from Erdogan & Assad killing our friends near the Euphrates. #Ashamed2BUsanian.
Great leader
Since taking office so far,Trump&his Iraniphobic team have been banging their heads against brick wall trying to drive their truck through a loophole,but obtaining No nothing! Trump will have to extend the Iran deal!
Fox news should change their name too Trump cocksuckers!
And what exactly is his plan?
It is really good to FINALLY have a REAL President in our white house.
Mike P is as deranged as comrade trump.


While the right is freaking out over the #WhiteHouseCorrespondenceDinner, a history of systemic body-shaming of women by @realDonaldTrump goes completely ignored.…
Kids who appear to be old
Wanting to pick fights
at other peoples
expenses

There has been nothing more in my passing annoying
Than the annoyance of children playing war & toy soldiers

Godbless
Threat)?

Is that a joke? Did they contain Syria ? What about Iraq  and Yemen ? That region is such that if “one breaks it, he will own it.” Not complicated. U can take that to any bank.
Undo whatever Obama because the black guy was better liked and respected
Bull, Trump will grant Iran license to develop nukes. He is an amateur.
The bully-coward would have had his time at the microphone to throw barbs back, too.  Instead he throws his press secretary to the wolves.

Thank you for you service to our country.
Iran is Trump's Achilles Heel. 
Trump has to fulfill a promise but knows his options are limited. India, Europe, China, Russia are economic beneficiaries of the agreement while US companies are losing out. 
Israel using Iran as a decoy to redirect attention from ONE STATE project
@realDonaldTrump doesn’t know what comprehensive means and he can’t find Iran on a map...the asshole can’t find a limo parked DIRECTLY in front of a plane he just got off!
And everyone understands who is behind Tehran!!! Iran  Syria   all play in Theater  Of Russian!!! But nothing will be done to prevent Prophecy... just be ready when God will call for safety!!!
Let the bullshit begin.
Trump couldn't find Iran on a map if you promised to praise him bigly.
Focused on N Korea but we hear  nothing about our greatest threat, Pakistan 
You helped elect him & now can help get rid of him. Corruption and graft have no place in the WH. Get rid of Trump!
Trump has NO strategy whatsoever, much less a "comprehensive" one.
Iran is next 
Just like how he had a great plan to replace Obamacare. Got it.
Why must they with every single chance try to insult President Obama? So small. 

#ObamaJealousy
Another Trump yesman.
War? Nevermind.... He will tweet it soon enough.
Why do they always reference "past administrations"?  What does it add to his strategy?
Either he continues the treaty or he doesn’t. Sounds like he is not going to, further isolating us from the world.

Always about jamming at other presidents!
The US has come a long way from the days of John Foster Dulles.
Bullshit he can barely string a sentence together
I hope one being a diagram of the 8 W88 upto 150kt Warheads on each Trident Missile.... OH BTW each of our ICBM Boomers carry 24.

Looking forward to hearing all about this.
Hahahahah hahahahah hahahahah hahahahah hahahahah,  he has no shame Pompeo. He lies even whe he sleeps.
That would be continuation of Pres. Obama's plan.
LOL!  Lies from the left againabout your failed messiahObama.
BOT ALERT
Spotted & Blocked
Care to share it with the rest of us?
There goes the OBAMA BASHING!! Can’t stand on their own, they only feel empowered to discredit 1 predecessor and that’s the Black guy!!Pompeo is as crooked corrupt and treasonous as trump. If he lied to Congress and they still nominated him, IF America is still standing, impeach
America is still standing by President Trump. You can only impeach yourself.
America???? Which one??? He WILL BE IMPEACHED INDICTED AND IMPRISONED!!!!  WHEN THE FACTS ARE PROVEN AND YOU PEOPLE HEAR IN HIS VOICE HOW HE USES YOU TO HIS ADVANTAGE AND HE DONT EVEN LIKE YOU. I have the KLEENEX READY!!! @realDonaldTrump
I would say, not so fast! Try to go around the Country first and you will be very  surprised. Stop listening to mainstream media for a while. I really suggest a travel and talk with ordinary people, they're smart and not brainwashed!
The Iranian people can't wait. They are being held hostage. The mullahs have to go.
Lets leave out the comments about the other former president, best if we dont reference him in any way and give him attention of any kind.
FALSE. THEY ALREADY DROPPED THEIR PROGRAM.
Pompeo went to Israel to take his orders from Netanyahu
James Shaw Jr. is paying for the funeral of each of the four Waffle House shooting victims out of the gofundme monies raised for him.

Retweet if you agree that this man is a TRUE American hero!!!
Thank you

http://CoolnessForever.com  

Coolness Everywhere…
Lucifer already worked out the Iran if trump is smarter than Cain which he thinks he is let him do what he's going to do
That makes no sense Comrade. 
#RussianBot
I still think @BarackObama was full of good ideas how to deal with Iran or wait maybe not 

Coward.
Yellow.
Pussy.

…
wow
End cheap labor oppression, stop all guest worker programs!!
You are so a #RussianBot 
Discovered Twitter only this month? Really?


WOW  
