

Not even remotely funny. You rate with up there with Jimmy Kimmel & that idiot Colbert.

I thought Liberals were all about protecting the rights of all woman. You have proven that the rules don’t care about women. Only woman who share your point of you. You should be ashamed of yourself. And you should be banned from Twitter!

Nope, Trump set the standard. When he made fun of a disabled reporter, when he mocked the looks of the women who had accusations against him....he signaled to the whole country that this kind of talk is quite alright.
Sad that you take your standards from a man you don’t like, can you think for yourself or do you always rely on others to set the standard?
Are you in need of some chiropractic work at this point?I have never seen someone contort so far to try and make sure Trump's ass is kissed and defended all at the same time

the american people should get an apology for sarah sanders
Snowflakes
What is your over/under on how far this week Sarah Huckabee Sanders is able to go w/out publicly attacking or defiling someone. Give me an honest guess...can she get to Tuesday, make it even last tomorrow’s presser? Make it to sundown today?

I’ll save my crocodile tears for now.

It's called a roast, an annual tradition for years, something much less harmful to Americans and the world than the Trump and Republican agenda.
Even Johnny Carson took a good roast and laughed all the way to the bank.
A roast is fun. This was nowhere near that
These were personal attacks.
Donald Trump has given bullying and personal attacks a new level.
What part of 'roast' don't you understand?
The American people should get an apology from Sarah Sanders. Ed Henry is a moron.
I thought conservatives love it when tv personalities (yes, #dotardDonnie is a tv personality) spoke their minds. #hypocrite #snowflakes hahaha how did it go?? Oh yeah..fuck your feelings, right? "Facts don't care about your feelings" right @TomiLahren? 
The American people should also get an apology from the rudest, crudest president in history.

true
Ellie seems to be a Trump loyalists who supports the lies, bullying, cover ups, racism,and corruption. Guess she will never think without fox news
She is one of these:
Where is your outrage for the constant attacks by Trump? Wolf brilliantly refused to pretend his admin is normal and criticized SHS’s character, not her looks. You are frauds.
Just as soon as America gets an Apology from:
Trump
Don Jr
Sarah 
Fox
Has Trump ever apologized for attacking people or for anything, ever? A standard for human decency does not apply to him but does to everyone else? So when does the double standard, two faced hypocrisy stop? No apologies. Ever. Handle it.
When she starts telling the truth.  Actually answering questions and most of all stops demeaning and belittling reporters daily.  #Dobetter
Where is @PressSec apology for lying to the American people to cover for @realDonaldTrump? Where is @realDonaldTrump apology for repeatedly attacking peoples personal appearances?
No she shouldn’t. She should work to be a person about whom people can’t land jokes about what a shameless liar she is.
It's raining snowflakes.
It’s nothing the @POTUS wouldn’t say. 
America should get an apology from the President.
Fox should apologize for predators and liars too...
The only thing you did right here was to show Spanky when talking about the hateful, vile, I don't even want to say comedian, who was disgusting and despicable.

His unhinged, neoNazi rant was that.

Michelle Wolf's jokes were wonderful.
Then you obviously don’t know good comedy, her stand up sucks, you’re only on her side because she caused this ruckus and you want to sound cool......
Aww, did her jokes offend you ?
Jim sounds like he doesn't get invited to many parties. Sad.
As soon as Sarah Sanders and Trump apologize to America for their daily assault on respectful discourse, your due apology will immediately follow.
Those dinners should be ended. Journalism is dead anyway. Why have a dinner for a bunch of frauds?  It's senseless.
Are you serious with that hypocritical noise? If anything, Sarah Sanders should apologize to the American people for lying to us every damn day.
And then I'm sure the president will begin issuing apologies to the long list of people he's insulted.
Um no!  We have a racist lying President who wanted to see Obama's birth certificate.  Your indignation is laughable.  Actually quite pathetic.  @seanhannity never voluntarily disclosed his relationship to Trumps lawyer.  #FireHannity where's his apology
When that former Miss Universe gets an apology for being called “Miss Piggy”
SHS should get an apology right after SHS apologies for her constant lies, nasty comments and everyone she offends and attacks covering for Trump's corruption.
And the American people should get one from Me. Sanders for feeding the public lie after lie after lie.
Ed you're right. Then again Mexicans Muslims Women Handicapped Judges and soooooo many others should get an apology from Trump. He's demeaned insulted them tossed out lies about anyone who doesn't agree with him
https://twitter.com/PenceConscience/status/990615595661037569 …
Why don't you read that before you get all hypocritical about bullying and slander
The #StonemanDouglas teens saw friends die & hid from a crazed gunman to get criticized on their appearance, bullied & called #CrisisActors by #NRA tools. Instead of walking away, they are still fighting for change, NOW that is impressive @Emma4Change @davidhogg111 @lauren_hoggs …
Locker room talk*

Imagine the list of those trump should apologise to. That’d be one hell of a long list 
And the nation should get an apology from @PressSec for lying to us day after day and supporting the ugly things that @POTUS says about all kinds of people.  What a hypocrite @FoxNews has turned out to be.
I don’t think people should say mean things, but to be fair ... the President of the United States has killed political correctness and this is the unfortunate result. And if owning a gun is every American’s right then I guess so is free speech 
Yup it shows the liberals are intolerant. More women will vote for Trump
Yeah ... maybe he’ll win the popular vote this time.
Don’t need to. Electoral college is enough. Popular vote is for Russians and Chinese. Putin happens to win popular vote every year and also the Chinese communist party.
You are aware that you're the network who defends the ultimate non-apologetic name-caller Trump.   The hypocrisy here is astounding.
Give me one nickname where he missed the mark.
I see.  So when Trump calls people names, they're deserving of it and it is justified.  But those who do so of Trump and his associates, it is blasphemous.  Sir - is is a cult-like mentality.  Please try to be objective.
How about this?
Play the actual footage of @michelleisawolf, liars. Huckabee Sanders got roasted as a liar and a propagandist, not for her looks. No apology is necessary.
@edhenry Sarah Sanders should get an apology when she apologizes for lying incessantly and rudely for the Liar In Chief every time she opens her mouth!
Then and only then should anybody apologize to her
Fake outrage from a Fake News outlet defending a Fake Admin.
I could post twenty or thirty times that trump has debased and belittled anyone who doesn’t agree with him.
You have no high ground.
#FoxIsStateRun
Like obama got an apology for the dear leaders racist birther campaign, right ?
Aw, snowflake! Did some jokes by a jokey person hurt your feelings?

Have you heard the things your leader says?
Give us an example
All I can think of is the time when he mocked a disabled man's disability...called a woman a vile pig...said there were good people in the KKK, and called Mexicans rapists and drug dealers.

I know, it's not much.
Sarah Sanders and her slimy boss should apologize to the nation for their never-ending lies
Please list all these lies you are saying they make.
Use your Googler. This week alone: he didn’t stay in Moscow at the MissU pageant. Lie. He did. Thru mid-April:
Barack Obama should get an apology from the birthers, conspiracy theorists, and vile racists who despised everything he stood for.
The premise of the joke is an actual compliment.
Fox holds a comedian to a higher standard than a sitting president 
Yup. Once America gets our apology from @PressSec for her daily lies. Thank you very much.
Oh so now Fox is all touchy-feely? #Hypocrisy
Yes Trump should apologize for starting all this by his daily insults, belittling, bullying, name calling and especially the lies and untrue statements. Trump has made this type of behavior ok to do by his example.
Sarah owes America an apology
How about they offer thoughts & prayers? That’s what y’all offer when kids die —should more than cover @PressSec being “embarrassed.”

Next time they should dispense with the "roast" & call her what she is.
A lying, condescending, hack
Let’s get these apologies from Spanky first 
Sarah should be use to being criticized. It comes with the territory when you lie for a living:
Because the host made a couple jokes about her?

You Republicans are desperate for fake controversies to cover up your real corruption.
Fox News beats out Comedy Central in new poll.
Sarah Sanders owes the entire country many apologies for her constant and unrelenting lies. She got what she deserves.
Humor does not insult.  Correspondents have a diminished reputation after the cruel assault they call “jokes”! #WHCD
No. They. Should. Not! Sanders should apologize to the American people for her daily lies and bullshit.
Michelle is a COMEDIAN - Sarah Sanders is a paid public servant and presidential mouthpiece who insults people every single day from the podium!   Republicans APPLAUD Trump's lack of 'political correctness' - in fact called Democrats 'snowflakes 'for objecting - what hypocrisy!!

The people in the DC cesspool are such a very extremely not good example for the rest of America. The cesspool inhabitants most likely will never change. Good people need to become involved.  Both political parties need good people to take over their party management.
Shes a paid liar for a crooked administration. She should be charged with treason.
Let’s start with a list for trump first. Oh and...what happened suddenly with ‘ it’s good to be no longer politically correct’...?
Nope. His boss has done WORCE! Grab them by ____ . told around 2400 lies. 130k #5th
SNOWFLAKE sanders should go back to home schooling her future parolees
The White House correspondents dinner has been moved to Comedy Central as it is a joke.Wolfs resume is laughable at best and that’s where she belongs.She’s not a correspondent nor does she have a reason to be invited.this dinner is a wast of time and I hope no tax  were used.
Sarah Sanders lies daily. She owes a huge apology to the American people.
Michelle Wolf( the one with a voice like fingernails on a blackboard ) deserves to fade into oblivion..along with Margaret Telev, Head of the WHCDJust goes to show you-the White House Press Corps has no limit to how low they can goJOURNALISM IS DEAD-Last nite proves it!
Sarah handled that vile display of "humor" with Grace and Dignity! Just what one would expect from a Southern LADY!!!
SORRY, I DON'T APOLOGIZE TO LYING STOOGES 
They showed their true colors. They aren't hiding their hatred. What a sad group of people.
Did it hurt her wittle feelwings?
Americans should get an apology from the WH
America should get an apology from Sarah Sanders... For the constant lies.
Why is the world becoming so soft. We look so weak.
As soon as @realDonaldTrump apologizes to every reporter and news outlet he has mocked. Why do you hold a comedian to a higher standard than the @POTUS ? Mind boggling.
Americans deserve an apology from your fake news channel and this administration for the daily lies and half truths we are told
That was a disgrace what was said. This women is shameful and was not funny. Why did she have to go there. Good for Mrs. Sclapp for walking out.
Exactly. Why?
Really. U make fun of him. And u people wonder why all the  working blue collar Dems are leaving the party. I'm happy to be a independent. I never thought I would say that. 2 wrongs don't make a right. You are a fool to think attacking a Person like that is ok. Not even funny
This one was always funny wasn’t it?
Not at all. I voted for him 08. But crazies on both sides. Both are wrong. Ur condoning one cause the other. Both are wrong. So u think that hack of comedian was right.
When you make fun of the infirmed. When you consistently lie. When you condone and proliferate conspiracy theories. When you deny science. When you say you want to imprison the press. Guess what happens? He and his joke of an administration deserves all of the scorn we can muster
That is ok the clown. But what happen last night was a complete disgrace. If you can't acknowledge that ur part of the problem.
Donald Trump:
— “Grab em by the pussy”
— “I moved on her like a bitch”
— “Blood coming out of her wherever”
— “I would bomb the shit out of them”
— “If she wasn’t my daughter I’d date her”
— “African countries are shithole nations”

Republicans:
— “Michelle Wolf was over the top”
Priorities:
 
Love and embrace the 1st amendment as you claim to do for the 2nd.
Wish DOJ’s removal of language about a free press and racial gerrymandering were trending on Twitter. But anyway, back to your urgent discussion of whether comedians should be banned from a DC party... https://twitter.com/buzzfeedben/status/990673124319551489 …
Yeah right,just cause Fox News is run by the government  the only not Fake News 
Why? is she a snowflake who is unaware of the first amendment?
Yeah
Sorry you got your feelings hurt @PressSec maybe you should be in a less public position if you can't even handle a comedian. 
There are millions of people who would love to get the chance to tell you exactly what they think of you who wouldn't be as kind as Wolf.
So you want Michelle wolf to apologize for calling Sarah out on her crap? Sarah Sanders lies to the American people everyday. We deserve an apology from her and this Administration.
Yes Sarah def deserves an apology!! That person was no comedian just a grotesque hater... in which most dems can relate sadly. Sarah Sanders @PressSec are a dear lady with alot of class... that was shown last night!!!!  for the "it" so calld comedian 
@edhenry , you are a stand up guy.
Ok. We are all sorry that @PressSec is a lying enabler that helps Fat Nixon continue to perpetrate his fraud on the country.
America deserves an apology from SHS. The Dinner is set up as a roast, and always has been. Sanders knew what she was walking in to. I am only surprised Wolfe didnt compare Sanders to Goebbles.
They will apologize when Trump apologizes for everyone he's offended.  #dealwithit
Trump didn't miss anything at the WHCA feeding frenzy.
Seems as though the people calling people snowflakes are actually the snowflakes. Poor conservative snowflakes!
The world needs an apology from FOX News Entertainment.

@thehill @GOP @HouseGOP
This is what divides us... U #CANNOT be this outraged and "appalled" by #MichelleWolf and have #No criticism for #Trump. U pretend that #Rally was more than him"stroking"his ego and wasting tax payers' money to do so! #StopTheInsanity
When Trump apologizes to EVERYONE he’s insulted. You know Ed, the insults you pretend never happened so now you can feign upset over what was said by a Comedian...

#FOXHypocrites
Michelle Wolf should apologize for being a “Fake Comedian”.
We have 2 disagree w/ u Ed...Most (Not All) of the press has become the enemy of the ppl! They lie make up stories only 2 destroy some1! Some wld rather see r country fall! Alot of ppl feel the same way I hear it on the streets everyday & we felt that way all through Obama years!
She needs to apologize to America for telling lies every day.
The people of America should get an apology from Trump for dissing a handicapped person, for telling paraolympians that they are hard to watch, for telling Mika she had blood coming out of her face, for another who had blood coming out of her wherever, for lying to America daily.
The American people are owed an apology from Sarah Sanders for the constant lies and BS.
Why, she lies every day and call herself a Christian @SarahHuckabee a disgusting human.
The American people should get an apology from her for standing up and lying every single day
Hypocrisy

They told the truth. Sanders lies all the time and so does her boss who didn't ever have the courage to show up. Instead he needed to have his vanity pumped up with a rally.
If you heard trump to this standard, he would have to spend what little time remains of his presidency apologizing to all of the people he has offended

#statemediafoxnews
#Hypocrisy
Should we hold our breath.....?
HELL NO. @PressSec
We deserve one first 
Trump supporters are upset over the Sarah Huckabee Sanders joke at #whcd? 

I guess this will really upset them...  
…
Truth hurts don't it?
She's a professional liar who lies for a racist, misogynistic, draft dodging, adulterer who sent his kids to meet with Russian spies to commit treason. And you want an apology from a comedian because fat Sanders went to a comedy event and had jokes told about her? Disgusting.
For WHAT?  telling the truth?
Oh, I forgot I'm talking to FOX "News" YOU like Sarah are also paid LIARS!

YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH!
Fuuuuuck that. You want to stand in front of the press and entire country every day and defend a man who hurls insults at people like it's his part time job?  You get what you give.
Conservative: Michelle Obama is a man and Barack Obama hates white people

Liberal: SHS burns facts for a perfect smoky eye 

Conservative:
The American People should get an apology from Sarah Sanders for lying to the American People daily. #Snowflakes #LiarLiar
Absolutely NOT. Trump does this shit every single day.
I’ve never liked roasts because I hate insult comedy, but even I knew what to expect here. Also, no sympathy for someone who can dish it out, but can’t take it.

Trump fans, SHS, and his administration aren’t willing to condemn his vulgar and mean spirited behavior every day.  

Then WE don’t want to hear what you have to say about a comedian....
NO WAY
Says who?

Where is Michelle’s apology???
Sarah Sanders owes every American an appology for the lies she spews.
The American People should get an apology from Trump and his colluders!
You are absolutely right, she should. Let’s schedule it right after the apologies for these.
Donald Trump’s Long History of Mocking People’s Looks https://youtu.be/GeVPIOrI1HY  via @YouTube

Indeed.....
She is a bad cop
Not until she apologies to the American people for all those lies
Never heard of the idiot comedian who trashed Sarah Huckabee. Just as well ‘cause whoever she is isn’t worth knowing. SICK !!
I love Sarah Sanders, I love her boldness and how she stands against the most disrespectful pres core on the earth.
Get over it! This administration is worse!
Sarah Sanders should get a raise and a promotion! #SarahHuckabeeSanders #RockStar #liberalmedia #LiberalMeltdown #potus #flotus #Democrat #Republicans
Most definitely! This Michelle Wolf person is not even human and so are all those who laugh! It’s beyond belief how mean it is to destroy someone to her face!
You mean Wolf should have destroyed her when she turned away? Like Trump turned away when he couldn't bear the sight of the Paraolympians?
You should apologize for your tie
Nah.  She told the truth.  Snowflakes.
Nonsense
At no point should anyone apologize for calling out @PressSec for lying daily to the American people.  She's a horrible person who works for an even more horrible person.
No way. sanders works for a racist moron who calls everyone names, tells lies about them and completely denigrates ppl he doesn’t like.  This is a comedian doing her job. Trump is just a nasty old man.  If you think a comedian should apologize then let’s get started on Trump
Oh hell no.
Honestly, I don't think so. The WHCA has always been a roast.
Snowflake
Please and trump should apologize for his hate and fear campaign against people of color , poor , Muslims etc, bully and criminal in charge
Nope - Sarah Sanders should see to it that there are no more White House Correspondents dinners ever again.
only when Trump apologizes for his disgraceful roast at that religious dinner.  That was no different

@FoxNews calling for an apology? Pot calling the kettle black? Finally realizing your glass house can shatter with a small pebble? Hypocrites...
As soon as you apologize to Comey for calling him a leaker and a liar
Sarah Sanders should get an apology from LOTS of people.
Why? Your President has said and done worst you hypocrites.
No she shouldn't , she was called for exactly what she is a liar
Why? Is Sarah planning on apologizing to the American public for peddling lies openly and repeatedly to the American public? #TruthToPower
Just locker room talk...
Haha
Unfortunately these people are so stuff-righteous they don't apologize... They double down
America should get an apology from Fox News for Sean Hannity.
How about every minority, every person who has ethics, character and morales, offended or attacked vile spew from #Trump?
The American people should get an apology from @realDonaldTrump for his multiple daily doses of derision and hatred.
Omg she’s a friggin comedian. Laugh it off, it’ll do you good.
Thank you Ed
MY PRESS CONFERENCE...My name is Randy & I’d like to explain what the comedian really meant not what she said! She meant Sarah is a brilliant hard working fair minded woman that works hard and represents women everywhere! She (Sarah) has been very clear on that! Fake comedians!
Sounds like you may need a safe place snowflake. SHH will get an apology when her boss apologizes for all the vile  that comes out of his mouth. Funny her boss was too much of a p@ssy to come take his licks so he sent his flunkies.

It's only funny when name-calling, insulting, intimidating are done to other people.
Not so funny when it happens to you.
Hypocrites!
You’re in the public spotlight...grow some thick skin
@edhenry you must also agree then that your Toddler in Chief should apologize to women for his "pussy grabbing" comment, right?
She only deserves the hatred of those who believe in honesty.

She should suck it up
She should apologize to us for the daily bullshit she dishes
For what? lol Why is this comedian suddenly being held to a higher standard than the president? He’s said much worse to MANY more people. That was just locker room talk by Michelle Wolf  relax Trumpets 
Sarah Sanders should not be such a snowflake. And perhaps she could stop lying and being downright nasty herself at the podium?
Trump owes the Paralympics an apology for saying their sport was tough to watch.
When she apologizes for lying to them every day.
She isn't lying. But Obama's Press Secs wouldn't have known what the truth even looked like.
No because she does this same thing every time she’s speaks. I don’t like the jokes as it’s puts trumps opponents on the same level but these were jokes. What sanders says is not a joke   If trump had any guts he’d been there himself cowards always run

The Correspondents Dinner should be stopped....  It does not further the art of journalism any longer....
Women should get an apology from trump, and the disabled reporter.
No she lies daily on TV and should be able to handle the truth now and then since she doesn’t see it from her boss.
It would be an example of class when she appears tomorrow at the briefing that the audience give her a round of applause much like when Orioles's  Adam Jones was greeted in Boston after a fan made racial remarks. It would show class &  respect.
She should apologize to the press for being a liar.
Because.....?
Live by the sword, die by the sword! Sorry dear you aren’t special! LOL
Awwwww little snowflake can’t handle a bit of comedy. Put your big girl pants on.
IMMEDIATELY!!
Nah.
Why .She has been nasty to reporters from the start.She is ugly and fat and she looks like her hair isnt washed.Except lastnight.
Sanders should apologize to the American public for her lies.
No no no!
Fu#k that lying miss piggy! She deserves everything she gets!
How about we call for Trump to apologize to everyone he’s talked about first. Until then you’re nothing more than a hypocrite.
Is she as thin skinned as our president? At least she had the good sense to not lash out fespite seeming uncomfortable.
She covers for a pathological liar. She's got to take the heat.
America should get an apology from @realDonaldTrump
But before that should come an apology to the people of the United States from Sarah Huckleberry.  

It’s wrong to sneer at our founding principles and to lie to the nation on a daily basis. 

Or is that OK with @edhenry ?

