With all due respect, the airline industry needs to figure out a way to better accommodate bigger people. Not fair to have the person next to you spilling into your seat that you paid for.
Have them buy two seats
Nothing to do w/you being black i'm sure.  Everything to do with your fat hanging over the armrest.
Americans are getting sick and tired of the race card .
For no reason.......yeah ok
It had to do with her weight, not the color of her skin.
2 issues: First, why can't we treat everyone the same regardless of skin color or size or whatever metrics? Second, why can't aerospace manufacturers come up with commercial planes with larger seats?
Being obese is a choice. Buy 2 seats or put the cake down.
I love how the black part comes into play. I doubt that had anything to so with it, but it gives this blogger something to write/complain qbout.
The word racist has lost all meaning, the libs throw it around so much it’s diluted....
Sucks getting a seat on a plane next to obese people . They smell bad too
Maybe she was just fat and happened to be black?
Remember when racism was a serious accusation? Now it’s just another meaningless word thanks to its over use and abuse.
its a weight thing regardless of color
Sounds like she threw the race card in to spice up the story
And I'm still blacklisted by Hollywood for being a white male heterosexual Christian conservative, too.
I'm POSITIVE it wasn't because she was black, I'm sure it was because she was FAT!

I find it annoying when I have to sit next to a FAT person, I don't care what color they are !!
Black people aren't the only ones picked on because of their weight. Before I lost weight I was treated differently too. If she doesn't like it she needs to be taking steps to lose weight. Not everything is about the color of their skin
"Fat and black" being the melodramatic attention-seeking landwhale's words, more accurately. She completes her flight, no one in trouble, yet wants a refund anyways.. making clear what this is about #FreeStuff
Okay

It had nothing to do with AA.
Nothing to do with being black.
Everything to do with being fat.

If you’re that large, you should purchase two seats next to each other.

Typical that’s she’d make it about race. That’s race baiting at its finest.
Excuse me ma’am, you’re gut is on my knee.....
I highly doubt it had anything to do with being black, I don’t know why everything has to turn into racism now a days
@Smitty9930 you really have to stop doing this so much it never works
Dealer, hit me with one more card....
In other news, first fat black person flies on American Airlines.
I don’t see any proof of her claims so she’s just guessing?
I'm a big guy, been losing weight, but even I don't want someone crushed up next to me. Instead of buying 2 seats though, I'd just go first class.
Free money to buy more cake and pies.
Conservatism is fake news.
And a mental disorder.
You can tell by the comments that 98% of the commenters didn’t bother to read the article. They saw “fat and black” and let their true hearts come out 
Well if she was so fat that she encroached on another passenger....she should have bought two seats.  Certain she threw in the race card because that is just what so many blacks do failing to address their personal responsibility.
Don’t forget a Woman!  Let’s go for the Trifecta of Special privilege.
It sounds like it has to do with her being too fat for her seat, not the color of her skin.
OMG here we go with the poor me I'm a victim bs.
There’s that victim mentality
Lose weight, fattie
The old victim card routine.
All of you making comments about how easy it is to lose weight - may each one of you experience obesity firsthand. Or maybe you have hidden conditions you want to share? Got any alcohol, drug abuse or kleptomaniac habits you want to post?
So it’s the people’s fault you being fat? Watch what you eat.
Fat people who spill over to the seats beside them should be obligated to buy 2 seats
I hate to sit in a plane besides a PERSON or PERSONs and have half the body spilling over the allowed space for a body, it's time airlines have seats for xl, XXL xxxl persons. How they charge these seats not my problem. I just want my space respected
I feel for obese people. But taking up space belonging to the person next to you, who paid the same, is not fair. I’ve been in that situation and to expect people to tolerate that is ridiculous. Seats are too small for normal sized people already. Obese must buy 2 seats.
Probably has nothing to with race,  my biggest fear when flying -being stuck in the middle seat between two fat people.
Don't blame your race... Concentrate on what you can change - your weight. Buy two seats !!!
This BS needs to stop on all fronts.
Hello folks, seating in aircraft has been increased for more carry(increase of profits) while reducing aisleways and passenger comfort. It is what it is. Stop bickering w your fellow passengers. 
Morbidly obese people should have to buy two seats. It has nothing to do with race, and is all about space. It’s unfair to normal size passengers that lose their space. #loseweight
Weight not skin. Hate when people pull out the race card
What does AA HAVE TO DO WITH THIS PARTICULAR SITUATION?!?!  It was a passenger, not the airline who was complaining!  Always looking to be given something for nothing.  Because your ancestors, hundreds of years ago, were slaves.  Read my lips. You were not a slave.
#deal
I made it to mistreatment and was like race-card here I come and sure enough Black - This is getting so old -
Victim mentality is strong in this one. Guess it makes sense as dems tell minorities they are victims from birth so no point trying to better themselves. Fortunately many have and many more are waking up.
Must be first time she has ever been on a plane in economy class ! Did they give he a seat belt extender at no additional charge ? If so she should be appreciative and say thanks .
Does she want some cheese with that whine! It was because she was FAT! On a plane that is ALL that matters. Always trying to be a victim....get over your skin tone lady !!!
Video
With that much girth, AA should respond by charging her for 2 seats.
Squeaky wheel gets the grease...Again!
Here you go with more race baiting news. Ridiculous! http://ParTheCourse.com  has the real story. Bums!
This is going to be the new "racist" complaint.
i flew american airlines last july and they were incompetent,never again...
Airline seats have shrunk to allow 16 yr old kids only to fit . Profits ahead of comfort.
Respectful days are gone. Dog eat dog.
Use trains, cheaper, lots of room, good food, safer, lot more comfort
Airlines are so funny.

Like you can take only 6kg of hand luggage and it has to fit into a tiny little cube.

But you can take 300kg of bodyweight and fill the entire plane with your massive fat ass for free, and that's absolutely fine
You are some straight up racists! 45 got y’all some balls I’ll say that
Last I checked, weight and ignorance are both controllable!
I don't agree.  Maybe the fat but why is people are upset do they scream racist.
Okay I’m a big guy and I don’t have these problems as long as I shower!
Could be skinny and white and have a big mouth......!
Could have been fat and white???
it is right for you to react! you son of a bitch! ..it is right for you to be right! i just, cling to right-myself in my behalf, see? and never you are right if you are still right, in the bed of your right one, how many!?! then, you choose your way.
SOUNDS TO ME THAT THE PASSENGER THAT IS TRYING TO SUE THE AIRLINE MAY NOT BE EVEN AN LEGAL CITIZEN OF THE USA, SOUTHWEST MAY WANT TO LOOK INTI THE LEGAL STATUS OF THE PEIPLE TRYING TO SUE THEM ....????
Your oozing over the armrest and getting my arm all hot and sweaty
Ok.  Black people cant have it both ways.  I took pic of black employee sleeping during shift and not doing job.  Black supervisor said I was harassing black employee and intimidating them.
Doubtful race had anything to do with this.  Size might be the issue.
nothing to do with race... sounds more like someone is looking for ...
You mean these two?
@AmericanAir forgot my mom in Miami's airport
i routinely get mistreated on commercial airlines for being very tall & older. to whom may i complain?
Ah yes, pick a card to play...
How is it the airlines fault because she’s FAT?
What does race have to do with it? You can be “fat” and be any skin color and people will not want to sit next to you on a plane. It’s not right, but it’s not racism.
First off color means nothing. Maybe they should give her some money... then maybe she can afford weight watchers
Here’s an idea, lose some frickin weight! While you’re at it, lose that race card.
Why should the plane be designed for overweight fat people?
Of course throw that race card
If she was probably so fat she. should be made to pay for TWO SEATS. She should not have her big fat black ass on thereat next to her also as she did not pay to occupy TWO SEATS.
No, just cause you’re fat
Well, one has a remedy....
The point is airlines are shrinking the space they give to passengers and also the size of seats. This causes the problem with passengers crammed into too small a space.
Obese people should be forced to buy 2 seats
Color and size have nothing to do with being an a$$.
Sounds like it had everything to do with being overweight which most planes are not designed to accommodate, and nothing to do with race, but leave it to actual racists and bigots to think otherwise.
No one enjoys squeezing into an airplane seat. I hate it even more when I’m sardined-in by an even larger person next to me. It makes me feel unsafe. Just like people who pollute the air by wearing too much perfume, some people invade personal space and it’s annoying.
If you can’t fit in a seat that most people can then why is that American Airlines vault?  You just adding in the race card just for publicity.
What’s next? I have heard the most absurd allegations of discrimination from some people! Lose weight and you will enjoy life better. Only the democrats discriminate against blacks. They also use the black race to their own political advantage.
Bull just looking for $ #lawsuit
Being fat is enough for me to call the police
I sat next to one, her huge sweaty thigh of an arm kept touching mine and I'm a big guy but not in the obese sense like she was and I was freaking out. The flight was packed so I couldn't move and there's no damn wiggle room on those tiny seats. I had to fold my arms tight. Smh..
They need to figure something out this isn't fair I was uncomfortable for three hours. Sitting next to a severely obese person is no fun.
Not only was she racially profiled they called the cops on her because her arm touched a white woman's arm while sitting in the chair next to her.   Wow how low has America fallen thanks to Trump who says Nazi's/KKK are nice people. They are not.
She wasn’t racially profiled. The police was called because when the obese woman started taking pictures, the other woman notified the flight attendants. Next time read the whole article and not just the parts applicable to your cause.
So to be accurate, the passenger never called her "fat and black". The offended party called herself "fat and black" essentially.
@TigersfanOU
Ground all flights May 29th, and conduct racial bias training.
El café sigue siendo pésimo en las aerolíneas?
Fat Albert?
Here we go again…
Here is an easy solution: every seat should have a pop up separator wall.  Once you raise it up, the other person has to fit in between the walls.
LOSE WEIGHT!
The elimination who had to sit next to her should be one complaining.
loose weight
This is a despicable excuse for a news outlet
It’s not fair, I tell you!!! The only folks comfortable on a flight are short, skinny white people!
The overplayed race card......(yawn)
Always a complaint I guess ya can complain if you white,brown,black,yellow,red. Or Skinny,fat,medium,plump,anorexia.Smelly,not smelly,overly perfumed.Or to talkative,Not talking,talking to low,talking to loud,talking to fast,talking to slow.I dont buy it.
This lady just trying to throw race card.  Why does everything have to be race.  Don’t care white black yellow or orange, try mixing in a salad and not a cheeseburger.
Yeah riiiggghhhhttt!.
Well she can’t help one of those things
Then don’t be black!
These are the same mofos who screamed Michelle Wolf was being mean to Huckabee Sanders.
She’s just trying to plug her stupid podcast....
Should have lured her to the back of the plane with a bag (jumbo size) of M&M’s.
Hey...If she was FAT and...She was BLACK...that's not profiling...that's just the power of observation!
Fat people should take trains or boats.
I find more fault in the white lady she is the one that hurt you and told they attendant however I really do wish you luck and I’m sorry for what u had to endure at the hand of another

Being fat shouldn’t get you anything special. As a matter of fact you should have to pay for two seats. Skip 3 or 4 of your meals a day and that would pay for it.
I live in the DFW area home of American Airlines and I will not fly on American if it means driving out of my way to Love Field to South West airlines..
Amber.Nothing enrages a passenger more than an obese seatmate bulging into his space and giving that blank stare that says,what am I suppose to do about it? You really think color was on that woman’s mind?
That's a lie about mistreated on Blk. Fat people get mistreated more often. @FoxNews
That's Racist and she should get a free Plane out of it. Black people never have to hold themselves accountable for anything ever.

I frequently fly #LUFTHANSA!
The Cabin Crew is so good and always willing to re-locate you to another seat without any fuss, if you're are sitting near a very fat passenger that spills into your seat!
But you have to wait for the "Boarding Completed" announcement!
Got a flash for her...obese people who spill over into the next seats are universally disliked by their seatmates..regardless of race, color, or creed.
In other words, she wants a freebie. The issue was SPACE - not race!!
Put your deck of cards back in your pocket. This isn't a card game!
Perpetual victimhood
This brings back bad memories of when I was smooshed against my window seat for a 2 hour flight. The XX-large person in the seat next to me took up half of my seat. This is not about skin color its an inability for airlines to accomodate "extra baggage" without affecting  others.
Fat and black?  People are reaching for their lawsuits nowadays
One of those two factors is within your control to change.  The other is a constant that should never be a factor.
Did someone from that airline actually refer the their skin color? And did they call them fat?
If she was overweight to the point if it being an issue it should have been addressed before the plane took off. As for the assault charge, I will wait and see what other accounts there are of the incident since it’s just her side of things
haha
There are racist people but you shouldn’t just assume something like that
She believes?
OH PLEEZE.  GET OVER YOURSELF.
No racism here. This lady is stirring the pot. When you lie about racism. You cheapen real racism. Maybe the lady is just a b@&$”and it’s that simple.
Oh dear! Don't fly again
Wow looks like fat shaming is a bigger problem than racism. I am not fat , look at my profile picture but I can feel the pain obese may face. American Airlines charges for 1st class for the seats worse than economy. It’s fair to say airlines ethics need to be corrected
If you don’t fit in the seat buy two seats, a business class seat or lose a few lbs. it’s that simple
I’ve had very large people sit next to me on flights—they pull up the armrest because they can’t fit in their own seat and then spill over into mine.  I don’t care about their race or anything else except the fact they are taking the space I paid for and I have no room to move.
Was she Mrs Clump
@AmericanAir Why do you charge for 1st class when your seats are worse than economy. I flew first class from Honolulu to Los Angeles. It’s was a nightmare. Dirty flight ,very racist behavior of check in agent. Terrible seats. @Delta Delta One is way better.
Sorry to hear this! Care to share what occurred? *HDV
Complaint was against @AmericanAir
Ahh, ok. Hope everything works out with the other airline. *HCA
I fly every week, don’t like when people flow over into my space, who cares about color
Takes up space? Yeah, sorry fatty.
One more reason I don't fly. There's plenty of other things to annoy me.
Sounds like a TV show: Fat is the new black
Get over it!  Good grief.  Because you are embarrassed of yourself, you blame others.  Shame on you!
Simple solution, price tickets by the pound!

This is so stupid... Always a color thing...

Was it Sheila Jackson?
Sounds like an attempt to get a fat, oh excuse me, payday.
Complaints like that might send the Airline Industry back 50 years;
But don't hold your breathe.
Now..........what’s the real story......?
Low carb time.
AA flys many thousand blacks per day with no issues.  Ck this lady out - Amber Phillips - see the picture of her with BLACK THIGHS MATTER t-shirt.  Big ole gal.
Sounds like another Angry Black Woman looking for a windfall from the airline
Seriously if you are morbidly obese you should have to pay extra for taking up two seats! Mistreatment is not cool and should be decent to each other and treat people how you want them to treat you!
I'll say that is true.  Being a large person, nice, clean, regardless .  Bolemic airline employees abused by drunk pilots take it out on passengers.  Less have a fat out.  Let's get a plane of of fat folks and see what excuses they come up with
That is the left! Walk like me,talk like me,and think like me. If not you are a racist and a bigot. The left are more racists and bigots than anybody especially when it comes to over weight people. After all they do not have feelings!
The race card, now the fat card, what next?
Your going to be walking home lol
We sleep and ppl step on us. Where's my check?
Why can't there be a separate black seating section (or airline) where white passengers won't offend poc, be they fat or not?
STOP! Stay in control.... girl i want u here w/ me........ paranoia self destroyer....
You do have control over one of those issues..
US airlines badly  need lessons in customer care, they behave so arrogantly.
She has low self-esteem.
must be a trump supporter

and ugly? lol
Once I see the word 'Vice' in any article, I immediately become skeptical.
In that order?
How much money will it take to make you feel better about the lie you’re telling to get paid ?
Would never happen to Trump. Flies   his own plane, or first class. Oh sorry. Is fat and white too.
Prolly both passengers deserve refund .... I see both sides.
Funny if his bank account was in the same condition I don't think he'd have any problems at all.
Two cards in once, wow this person won the victim lottery
More to the story.
