Why do you have a Brit on t.v. talking shite about our USA? This is not Great Britain. This is America.
They do not care, as long as he says something positive about Trump and negative about America
American workers are thrilled to have @realDonaldTrump standing up to China, the European Union, and others that put up barriers to American products. It has never happened before.
Not in Wisconsin. Farmers are loosing jobs and money.
Yes so let's just bend over some more and have other countries screw us just a little bit longer then.

BIG BAD BLACK WOLF:"How broke is he/" tRUMP is so broke all the Queen's horses,all the queens men couldn't put Humpty trumpty back together again
Really. You mean calling your adversary names and pretending that we're going to settle disputes with nukes is "talking tough"? Sounds stupid and childish to me.
Yes the 5 time draft dodger Cadet Bone Spurs is such a tough guy.
All he’s done so far is have other countries raise tariffs on our goods.  Lol winning.
Britain has been talking tough about BREXIT for almost two years now and you’re still talking? All the politicians in Britain need to go to their local hardware store and buy some steele balls since the EU cut their’s off.
Farage plays the faux 'patriot' role but just snipes at the UK from the sidelines.
He's a Trump fanboy that's all.
Running from the WHCD coz Obama hurt his feelings is standing up & talking tough...??!!.....wot a peculiar little man...
Trump's not tough.  He's weak.  The rants are a cover.  Ranting like a mad man does not make him strong.  Putin owns him.  Xi owns him.  Mueller owns him.  Trump will be cracking soon, under all the pressure.
May will go down in history as being weak, weak, weak!!
Says Farage, still needlessly trousering the EU salary nearly 2 years after the vote. 
You really couldn't make it up.
Farage is utterly clueless on trade & negotiations. 
Also 50% of UK exports went to the EU in latest month,far higher than EU share to the UK.
Farage seemingly doesn’t understand that when it comes to trade deals, size matters. Trump runs the world’s biggest economy giving him leverage that we do not have in relation to the EU. The PM is right to ignore reckless advice like this. #peoplesvote
Talk is cheap. Trump is a blowhard. Hides behind his rallies when called upon to be an adult. He talks tough to press but hides from them. How tough is that
Tough talk = b.s.

This is a joke, right?  Ooo.  It's Fox!  Really need to unfollow Fox...
Trump is known as an annoying stack of sorry monkey excretions
Don, concentrate. They're talking about SCROTUS. Pay attention next time.
I agree, @10DowningStreet is being bullied with @AngelaMerkeICDU It’s a shame they will not stand up. We want the Iran deal gone, we do NOT deal with terrorists! It’s beneath us. Everything traitor obama did was horribly wrong! Cancel the deal! Iran will be another NOKO. @POTUS
may is a wuss

dont count on it !!! your history
U say ‘Brussels’ is the same as kim youn un??? Thats sick
Эти договорятся!
Trump should focus on US trade practice instead of sticking his sausage in the affairs of other countries! As far as I know, China's trade practices are all in order!
YAPPING FECKLESS TART

PHOTO: Wounded warrior and his little angel  
Trump is a mentally disturbed person who needs to be in a psychiatric facility. I'm concerned about his mental state which means he should resign from the Presidency.

Why is this guy on American TV?
Go Nigel Farage. Sheer brilliance!
Pipe down Farage. You couldn’t even lead your hate party to victory.
BTW, how’s that EU pension that you won’t give back?
Pesky EU benefits.
Slight different.... the US is the first economy of the world and a superpower....it is as if I talk tough to the Myke Tyson...
Dear Fox News, to get a balanced view from the UK, interview someone else. Nige has an agenda ( you may have realised that ).
Amen
Please America, KEEP FARAGE. we don't want him
What a delusional statement, Trump only causes more chaos when talks his so called tough talk, it just sounds foolish and very unprofessional
Great then GB will lose world stature like the USA.
Says the guy that stirred the pot and then ran away when the real work started
Weasel of a man....right for Fox news
Actually the president tweets tough lnowing that no one can question him. He leaves it to Sarah Sanders to perform somersaults to explain his lies and unfounded statements to the press. T May is hopeless, but behaving like Trump would not help her. She would look even more inept.
Yes, Trump is so tough that he begged daddy Fred to use his influence to ensure that he dodged the draft for Vietnam.
Talk is cheap
#1 He doesn't just "talk," tough..he backs it up! #2 Britain let a baby die yesterday for no good reason. #Britainhasnobackbone
Neither of these things are factual
You’re an idiot Farage. UK has literally no leverage other than Scotland. And we know where that’s headed.
Difference is that Trump talks from a position if strength, May's position is as weak as pish.
Trump hides from press dinner two years in a row. He is a coward.
Nigel Farage is a Russian stooge. No wonder you enjoy having him on Fox.
Ecce, in ipsa hostium ipse enarravit.
What do Farage's European Constituency Electorate think of him being constantly on FNC/FBC and on LBC Radio London

LOL!
They are not on the wrong side of the road !
Yes, be a man!
Gotta stand your ground!!!!
