Mmmm, how was that determined ?  Are all spiders worldwide taking a census now ? Do they have to certify whether or not they are citizens and show birth certs?  How do we really know this was the oldest of ALL living spiders ?
Well if you actually would read something besides a headline you would find out its the oldest living spider ever recorded by scientists
Nick, you just took all the fun out of sarcasm
Look guys, William knows the tone of words that weren't even spoken. Is he some kind of genius psychic. Find out tonight at 10 on Fox
Yes I am a genius psychic 
Thank you for noticing
You know how I know he's not being sarcastic? You just have to look at his profile and all his tweets. That easy. I don't have to be a genius psychic like you, William.
Who's the world's oldest spider now? Your reports always leave me with more questions than they answer.
Answer: Keith Richards
It’s always a WASP these days

Show me, please, the birth certificate of the spider.
Spider birther
Is this news at all? My goodness, what's wrong with y'll? How are we suppose to know if it was actually the world's oldest spider?
And how was the wasp bite confirmed?  Is there video?
Good question
We need to ALL band together & protest against wasp.. We'll have a March Against Wasp tomorrow @ noon in front of the White House. Please be there!
So disappointed only one person "Liked" this.. Where's the outrage??
F wasp
Hopefully I'll see you there!
Spurrier coming?
Yes!
That dogs too young to smoke
Not in Florida.. Our State doesn't give a shit.


For the record, that’s a poisonous caterpillar, not a spider #donaldtrumpcaterpiller
"would of" "along"
Aragog....Noooooooo!
I’m sorta shocked anyone believes they know which spider in the world is oldest.
It’s the oldest ever recorded
I know, I read the article.

But what percentage of spiders that have ever existed do you think we knew their age when they died?  I would imagine it’s a VERY small number.
This is an impossible claim unless someone has literally found every single spider in the wild and checked its' ID for age....
If you read the article it states “oldest spider to their knowledge”

Hundreds are climbing the border wall in San Diego. U.S. should let them in and immediately allow them to go to Columbus, Ohio. The Ohio Governor Kasich, favors illegals coming to America. Allow the immigrants to relocate in Ohio. Especially, Youngstown, Ohio, the welfare city.
Umm...no. I live about 15 miles from the border IN SAN DIEGO. This is definitely NOT happening. Stop spreading fake news about things you have no clue about, you dolt.
This is not how I want to go down.
Wasp attacked because spider was black?
Good riddance 
I hate , I CNT even sleep if I can see a spider
Aww poor thing RIP
So what
How do you know where the world's oldest spider lives???
They put tracking collars on them
Lol

World's oldest. How would you know?
?
<<<<What diet was the spider on to live so long?>>>>
I don’t like that Spiders can be 43... makes them even scarier...
It's like Aragog all over again 
#banwasps
finally, a revenge for thousands insect killed by the spider. lol
lol this is too freakin intentional and hillarious and awful at the same time
How the heck did you figure out it was the world’s oldest living spider??
bull.............my ex is still alive and as venomous as ever.  where can i buy some wasps?
Jim, u better hope she lives to a ripe old age now...her lawyer already has a copy of this tweet 
Hillary's dead?!
Ha ha! Too bad Sarah Sanders doesn’t have a sense of humor like you.
I've witness pile ups on the interstate that were funnier than Carrot Top.
I guess I was wrong.
Look up the old Dean Martin Roasts. That's how it's done.
What actually happened today that you had to run this story about the oldest KNOWN spider.  I'm sure there are some much older.  What are you trying hard NOT to tell your viewers?  #FauxNews
BLM!
How old was he?????
No better news????
Who the hell is recording the age if spiders?
What about the World's oldest wasp?
How can I go on living???????
The silliest oldest spider wold be tRump. He's still alive.
It’s like spider man loses to ant man enemy #AvengersInfinintyWar
At least the world oldest snake is still alive......
Lol
good.
haha  do you know how old the spider in my ebho is?
I didn't know there was a spider census.
Oh fxxk!
That's not news to hear.@FoxNews
Fox"news"..
Dental records?
Joe old was it?
Who would imagine we have a world oldest spider. Was it killed by the worlds oldest wasp?
Yup cause I’m sure they can actually tell the actual age of a spider haha
RIP
Fake news 
Lies 
Whos spider? 
Not urs
RIP Number 16 

And people are upset with what @michelleisawolf said last night...
Wtf. How do you know?
Did the spider speak and say, Hey I'm the oldest spider in the world?
Lock her up. (The wasp)
What??? What did I just read? 
In other news, the world’s oldest weasel current resides in the White House.
Wasps! 
that stings
Hmm 
You're never more than 3 feet from a spider Goodbye!
Someone tagged a spider 43 yrs ago? 

I have a bunch of worms in my yard, where can i get a tag? Id like to know where the mother load is, fishing tourney coming up.
I am okay with this development.
Fox news, always on top of shit.
How did they get all the spiders in the world to tell their age?
Wasps are cool
God doesn't promise us tomorrow
RIP @chelseahandler 
So someone please tell me how we know that it was the worlds oldest spider.
They loved her so much, they decided to name her number 16.
Good
I demand to see the spider’s birth certificate
Wasps are mothing but flying hatred with stingers filled with evil...

#BanWasps
I am sure the rocket scientists on this one, if they look under a rock or two can find one older! I'm not going to lose any sleep over it!!:):)
This is bad? Sorry, I’m all for one less spider in the world
Attacked by someone with an intersectionality score of 0. smh.
It’s funny that there are real world problems to report on and you choose to make this a point?!? How about enabling pedophile Pope, refugees from Syria that need placed, delusional senator who thinks racist president needs Nobel! @Pontifex @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump
Tired of stroking the Presidents ego so you had this to fall back on ? Now that’s entertainment !
This is not worth a tweet. Maybe consider having a @foxnewsscience to tweet out things like this...
Really? It’s like I’m standing in the aisle at the grocery store. Ah hell, I’ll read it
You’re kidding 43 years of watching a spider must be the most boring job I have heard of sort of watching paint dry or the grass grow!
Bless his heart
damn shame?

How old ?
Yaaaayyyy
The weak should fear the strong.
c`mon ... this is a real BS.
Must be a slow news day
RIP Hillary.

This *is* a story about Hillary, right?

No?

My bad.
Hard hitting fair and balanced journalism! Keep up the good work #FoxNews
damn these MF's getting involved in gang fights
And the wasp was sponsored by Hilary clinton
Fly-by killing.
Oldest spider that we know of? I am sure there are many other spiders even older
Effing Global Warming!  I tried to WARN EVERYONE!   DANG NABBIT!!...  Oh great, now we no longer have the OUTBACK spider!  next is the black people, then the Asians..  then the white people... HELTER SKELTER,   the end of the world!  ... oh wait, sorry, my bad! Fries were cold!
First Spider-man, then the world’s oldest spider - it has been a tough weekend for arachnids.
Are you kidding me? I thought is was reading an @TheOnion post.
Good
Good
RIP
Damn bees, stick to flowers!
Oh damn! A spider died! Will the world keep on turning.......?
He looked like he was in such good shape too.
Is this a Sarah Huckabee Saunders thing?
WASPs are blamed for everything.
When is it Hillary's turn ?release the wasp!
How do they really know it's the oldest?
Damn wasps always ruining everybody's day!
This is one of those monumentally stupid Fox stories, it’s impossible to know which is the oldest spider on earth
Wow big news day over there.
thoughts and prayers
If only this was news about Trump...
The old spider is the US & the wasps, non-whites.
Good!  EEK!
Poor baby.
Older than the orange man in the racist "White" House?
Skin color bothers you racist?
Press F to pay respects

F
fake news
Trump's fault 100%
lets hope trump is next
#banstingers
