This was so painful to watch. The audience was mortified
Obviously we have different definitions of painful.
Obviously.
Quick question, you say you love God in your profile, what do you think God would say about Trump? How would Jesus vote?
Jesus would not doubt vote for Trump or write in his own name. He agrees happily liberalism is a disease and undoubted would not have died for their sins. You can’t save trash and that’s what liberals are. Just like me @traildoggy.
The guy who lov
Poor conservative snowflakes.   Gawd you people are whiny!
Just like her dear leader and all of his other followers, Huckleberry Hound can't take a joke.
Great picture of lying @PressSec
what did she lie about?
Come on - there are lists on the internet and you know it
Provide a link. Let's see one of your lists. Back it up.
How about this on: https://www.google.de/amp/s/www.someecards.com/news/politics/sarah-huckabee-sanders-told-56-lies-at-todays-bonkers-press-conference-twitter-noticed/amp …
I think it's great. You unlike so many other, people backed it up. I may not agree, but congratulations. Not many actually do it, they just fade away.
@michelleisawolf is simply a disgusting human being.
I do not know if you do not understand the concept of roasting

Only part that stands out is the abortion remarks. Never heard anything like it. Such an attention grab.
One should never, I repeat never ever be so cruel as to attack someone’s looks. It is downright wrong and it is a form of bullying. I would know. As a child in the early 70s being of Asian decent, I was bullied as being yellow or slant eyed and fat. Some people are just hateful.
Michelle Wolf is not only "RUDE AND CRUDE" She is a "COWARD"
Like it or not this White House set themselves up for this. Lies by the hour, childish remarks by a would-be President, aldultry, racism, embracing nazis as white nationalist...the list can go on. That’s what is really insulting. Wolf spoke truth. And you all cry fowl...
I didn’t laugh once ....

It’s called class....
People with class don’t tell people they have class
Sarah's not "telling you that she has class", but we are. #SarahSanders has more class in her pinky finger than the entire room of hateful Leftists who laughed right along with vile #MichelleWolf
Next Press question time in the White House. Sarah shouldn't ask any of the main stream press are there any questions.  Over look them.
Yes, it was vile. Totally inappropriate to attack someone on a personal level in a formal, public setting. I'm not sure who gave #MichelleWolf her anti-Trump talking points but they made us cringe with embarrassment and disgust.
Michelle wolf is a foul mouth filthy itch and those in the crowd that were laughing at her vulgar BS should be ashamed.....
Well another “comedian” about To hit the skids! Zero talent, and a vulgar mouth!
She's a comedian. She said funny things. You Trump supporters are the most delicate fucking cupcakes on the planet.
Bitter snowflake
I had no idea, how disgusting these jokes were till I read what "what's her name said", if it was televised, I didn't bother to see it and I have never heard of the comedian.  I saw the pictures of Sarah before the event and thought she looked great.
Do you guys have a pic we’re Sarah sanders looks appealing? Or you guys making it fun too on the DL
Michelle Wolf toasted the sh#t out #WHCD! 
Sander deserved it her lying butt needed to be kicked very hard
Here's the bright side for Wolf. She can always refer back at the exact moment her career went into the dumper.
Nah she will be fine. Republicans are just fragile and can’t take a joke
Michelle Wolf went too far & doesn’t realize where she went wrong. Lefty lunacy.
Political correctness in this country is out of control. Student snowflakes need to grow up and get ready for the real world. Also, nobody should make mean jokes about senior White House officials.... or maybe u all are just snowflakes
Isn’t @PressSec a country girl? I say we handle this the old fashion way. #sandersvswolf pay per view. @ufc event. Full on. @michelleisawolf will be eating through a straw for a month 
Cmon @joerogan let’s get together on this.
So #MichelleWolf upped her attacks on #SarahSanders today? I guess Soros didn't think her attacks were low-class enough.
Republicans are just snowflakes can’t take a joke
There were no "jokes" told at the #WHCD . It was all anti-Trump hate flung at #SarahHuckabeeSanders
Oh for goodness sake, it’s comedy. If you didn’t laugh then that’s too bad. Lots of people found it hilarious. So many people think it’s so funny when the POTUS attacks people due to what they wear, what their nationality, their disability and so much more.  Boohoo!!
Wolf is no beauty her self kind of homely.
Pretty sure she can laugh at herself and not concerned about getting laughed at. Too bad Sarah and you guys have no sense of humor and thin skins.
I figured @POTUS must have been a writer for the comedian. Talking trash about others and calling people names is his way as well. Having her for the dinner was pointless but got what they asked for.
She was crude, vulgar and profane - she should stick to seedy bars which appears to be more aligned with her class and social standing to say it kindly.
I've never heard of this Wolf thing.  Before she starts insulting a classy, intelligent lady, she should look on the mirror.
Shoot her
What an embarrassment Wolf is to herself and whoever she works for .. Wonder what funny things she could say about Michelle Obama
Why are you guys in the media giving this hater so much coverage? This is exactly what she wanted! Be as nasty and obnoxious as possible National profile will be raised all who have NO idea who I am will now know me! MSM being PLAYED! Americans are NOT Laughing
I love following you. You kill it!
Thank you @Noncon49285 Have a Blessed week with Peace!
Can someone please explain the purpose of the White House Correspondent's Dinner?  I fail to see how it is possible to discuss its content without knowing if there is even a cogent reason for its existence. #moneywaster?
Wolf is a pathetic pos
I like the picture of grumpy Sarah Huckleberry
Nobody cares what the bastard offspring of Kathy Griffin and Carrot Top has to say.
Thanks for validating that what I had to tweet was important.

I noticed you failed to mention her.

I guess I was right.
Then why did her routine unanimously offend even the people on the left? 

Yeah.... I'm all by myself here buddy...
Wolf will go the way of Kathy Griffin!  

Wolf will be like #TrumpBrokeMeToo
Kathy Griffin sold out Carnegie Hall in 24 hrs
So
capacity of 3600 gee that's alot 
Lol ok.
Cannot wait for the day conservatives get to lay a physical beat down on liberals. Tic Toc
So your saying your group of zealots is going to take the country back from the infidels?
so your saying so your saying so your saying so your saying so your saying.... libtards
Ok. I'm not a fan of Trump and company. I dislike him because of his behavior. I dislike his entourage because they have compromised their souls for pay. It's not because they are Republicans. Two wrongs don't make a right. No one deserves to be bullied. Not Sanders. Not anyone.
Oh, so NOW the right doesn’t condone ‘locker room talk’? 
Nice try but not even close. The Left planned this very public, televised attack on the Trump administration and especially Sarah Sanders. #MichelleWolf didn't whisper her vile insults --  she spewed them out loud at Sarah. 

#PartyOfHate 
#WHCD
No surprise. The left is unhinged, desperate, & juvenile.
That’s actually a perfect description of Trump.
Obama created ISIS, or was it Dubya when he  invaded  Iraq without a plan for the aftermath?  Imbecile.
As she is on the left she will just be called “edgy”, at the most “controversial”. If it was the reverse, she woukd be finished and possibly in jail.
Sarah is intelligent and classy. This so called comedian is guttural,  slimy and classless
Wasn't it Sarah that Trump said was so ugly he wouldnt fuck her?  No I think it was someone else.  Nm
She was Not funny at all & Sarah has class like her dad. She’d never let that GO LOW Leftie get to her! Lefties even cringed at bad joke! Didn’t hear laughing! So predictable only worse!
Class? Like her brother who kills dogs?
Michelle Wolf hate speech is no different than the KKK or the Neo Nazi. If she would have said those hateful things while Obama was in office she would have been labeled a racist.
This woman is a disgrace!!! She doesn't know one thing if being a comedian..That is why she did what she did is to get attention!! The only way she can  get her name in the news!! So let's stop talking about her on the news. Talk about the good happening everywhere!!!
There’s a reason they call it a roast...
Just shameful behavior. Michelle probably met with Kathy Griffin to get her content
Political correctness in this country is out of control. Student snowflakes need to grow up and get ready for the real world. Also, nobody should make mean jokes about senior White House officials... oh wait maybe republicans are the snowflakes
Looks like President Trump was right again, by not attending the WHCD! #MAGA
Sarah Sanders is a class act for staying and not walking out.
He's too fragile for jokes. He can dish it out but he cannot take it. Coward!
That’s not a fair picture of Sarah.  It does not dignify her true reactions of calm and confidence.
That’s what she looks like. Why is everyone so sensitive about her looks. It is what it is.
It’s about accuracy not sensitivity.
Hmm. I saw a woman who looked visibly pissed off...and the reason she even had to sit there and endure that is because Trump sent her to sit in his place...thin skin all around. Can dish it out but can’t take it.
Doesn’t sound like you have observed her at work responding to dumb questions from the press.
She HAS NO CLASS SARAH IS ALL CLASS...
You have a music ministry and work for god full time? Tell me how many church goers have you grabbed by the pussy 
Does this lady think she is a prize to look at...wow, delysional or drugged up... hollyweird...probably both!!!
When did comedians stop being funny and entertaining?  I guess when they became a liberal.
Actually, the correct English grammar is ‘when they became liberals’.  They is plural and a liberal is singular.  Guess it’s true, Trump supporters are much less educated!
Hey its promoting free speech right? I suppose the gloves are off and its all at the expense of our children as examples of how adults behave under 'free speech'. Forget respect, honor, virtues.
You must have forgotten those virtues when you voted for tRUMP I guess.
Never heard of Wold before this. And really don't care if I never hear about her again. Just another hyprocritical hack.
Michelle Wolf is a despicable human being and her insults to @PressSec were uncalled for and should apologize to her.  No wonder we hate the fake news media correspondents.  Sad world we live in
Were you outraged when Trump mocked a handicapped reporter or did you ignore it,hypocrite?

What gutter did Wolfe crawl out of!
The should start calling it the “swamp dinner”!  What a joke! 
No that would be the president’s cabinet filled with Wall Street execs and lobbyists...
Donkey democrats, you face a free “we the people” out here in America. We will not give up our freedoms. Our military does not belong to your party. Such stupid leadership. So much for your law degree. You have used it to push “we the people” ...
What does this have to do with a comedian?
Since when did they let Mr Ed be the MC?
Okay @foxnews she had her five minutes of fame let it go

Then why is everyone talking about it?
Not everyone, only the inane.
Then why are you talking about it :(
Oh come on, the nasty things Trump was spewing at his 45Cult rally was so much worse than anything Wolf said about SHS.

Lmao u don’t know what lies are due to that’s all dems do to u ! They keep u dumb and in chains! U prove what hypocrites you all are! To bad real facts always prove u wrong! Also u love to bash women yet u say ur for women! I guess only women who are slaves to ur thinking!
Oh, sweetie. You can't write a proper English sentence. Try learning to donthat before you call someone else dumb. Bless your heart!
The troll el jefe deflects with his claim of understand and writing proper grammar   Not chance of getting facts. Don’t feed the troll #moms basement
It's not a claim. You, in fact, can't speak English. Bless your heart!
She should be jailed. What a sickening person

#jailthejournos
Why can she be a bully and say the things she said to @PressSec and that's ok? Shame on her,  the bi+ch
SS lies for her lying pervert Pres every day- she deserves derision and disgust. I found Wolf very refreshing cause she tells it like it is!
So if you don't agree with someone's politics you go after their looks? I guess you wouldn't mind someone going after you and your job by people telling you how ugly you are
Why is it ok when tRUMP is a bully? Or as you say tells it like it is? Hypocrites!
Do you have a inside track on the supposed lies @PressSec is telling.  What lies do you speak of
She regurgitates all of tRUMP LIES at press briefings and during all her speeches. Trump has told over 2400 proven lies during his presidency & she speaks for him. If she had any real decency she would quit. No respect!
2400 proven lies huh? I hate to break it to you but if you don't think Obama lied about things you are a rube! He just had MSM covering for him. I for one am thankful Trump is in the WH, clearing the swamp! #MAGA
WAKE UP! His whole cabinet is swamp! My God you people are dolts! Everyone there especially him & his family is stealing us blind and you don’t see it! Unfreakin believable!That is exactly what isn’t funny!
Yes Bill and Hillary Clinton DO deserve to be talked about that way.
Funny they weren't brought up last night. Probably cuz they're off being private citizens
Tired of the sandbox behavior from media and government officials alike.
Wolf does not understand fun nor funny.
She has poor character
Who WAS Michelle Wolf
I believe she had it coming! She’s been lying for Trump for some time . Maybe it will open her eyes and realize that money isn’t everything. The country deserves the truth out of her not scripted lies.
You sound classy as hell!

She's what you call 'deplorable', and if I was a body shaming woman, I would tell her to look in the mirror, but I'm not.

Someone else must put Wolfs makeup on. If she ever looks in a mirror she will see that she is not a beauty queen. In fact using the language she would use, she is damn ugly.
Sarah Has more intelligence An class then this “B” will ever have in her lifetime 
Doesn’t require intelligence to lie for the president
You describe liberals to a “T” as they wouldn’t no the truth if looked them right square in the face. They Lie, Lie, Lie!
M. Wolf is a terrible person to speak like that.
#michelleWHO?
With the teeth on that comedian she could be an excellent fill in for Jaws...
Who the hell is michelle wolf?
Never heard of this “comedian”. Have no interest
First of all who the hell is Michelle Wolf? At least Sarah Sander has done something positive with her life and is a household name. Unlike some want to be comedian nobody has heard of.
Not funny at all

Soon will come the apology...then oblivion. The left just cannot learn from their own mistakes. 
Poor Sarah.
Come on she has sold her soul to the devil, she needs to get out for sake of her family
That’s why I said “poor Sarah”
Yea! I know!
I have never seen a more capable woman or man in the press secretary role. Sarah is on point. Any feather in Donald Trump's cap is a target. They go after his inner circle.
Talk about a bunch of snowflakes! This is a literal avalanche.
Sarah Sanders could chew her up and spit her out!! But she just has far too much CLASS, than to bother with the likes of little michelle wolf...
Has Michelle taken a look in the mirror lately?
Welcome to real life, snowflakes
Yes snowflakes. Welcome to real life. Trump is YOUR President.
Saying someones might use ashes to created smokey eye makeup is apparently degrading to women, but this isnt?
I don’t want to hear anything else from journalists about any antagonism leveled at the media....@michelleisawolf lays bare their ugliness
If you’re offended by Michelle Wolf’s truths, then you must be equally offended by Sarah Sanders daily lies. Trumps talk about grabbing women by the pu$$y, infidelity, mocking disabled and minorities, assault allegations, lies...
Where’s what should be real outrage over @realDonaldTrump  saying it was too rough to watch para / special Olympian athletes so he didn’t watch long. Only difference, looks. That had hideously horrible. From the so called president not a comedian at a roast. Fuck off Fox.
I think comedians have lost their ability to be funny and not insulting   Maybe it’s a difference between real comedians and wannabes

Can u imagine the “elitist” backlash if someone went after the Obie’s like that. Oh my.  what schmucks!
Michele...........who???
Michelle Wolf is obnoxious, rude, uncivilized, vulgar and PURE EVIL. That was not comedy she was spouting there but evil and pure hatred. I wonder how many legions of demons is in possession of her. May they drag her to Hell soon.

If that was your Mom or wife, I’m sure you would have a different view.

Problem is she just makes up a new one and says "I don't who said that, but it wasn't me"
Where and when did she double down exactly? LOL
@seanhannity  and @JudgeJeanine  they did more hate than what she did nothing said about them at all no wonder why they are not reporters just megaphones screaming hate.
Soros journalist...
Oh my God Michelle wolf was so awesome,she was so right with EVERYTHING she said shame the dinner didn’t last longer so she could have gone through more White House staffers,
And if that crap was said about a liberal woman, liberal women’s arm pit hair would be on fire, protests would breakout, and you would all be running for your cry rooms. But said about a conservative woman and you suddenly have a low class sense of humor.
#shestrash
Then you wonder why the American people despise the liberal press !!!
Wolf should walk the streets
Michelle WHO??! Never heard of her before.... and never hope to again. What a disgrace.
Didn’t really see anything wrong with it, not nearly as bad as some of the things Trump has done and said.

We have reached a new low in this country.   So much x-rated vulgarity and hate-filled jokes.   I have never heard of this “comedian”.   She should be really proud of setting the stage for “new entertainment” for the future.  Whoever hired her knew what they were getting.
It has nothing to do with Trump, you dont treat people like that, it is classless and disgusting.
Michelle Wolfe is an evil woman !!  Where is the # ME TOO MOVEMENT now ??
She made fun of Hillary too DUMBASS
Fine @fox we know who she is now.  She's mean hateful person right got it.  Forget about her.
Michelle Wolf = 
@PressSec is the epitome of beauty and class!! Was glad to see her take the high road last night!!
Did u listen to it? She didn’t make fun of any woman on their looks or stature only on their character.
This is a vile sorry excuse of a la.. sorry, woman!!
Al parecer el mundo esta plagado de Micheles lobos
Until the "Non-Conservative" folks start holding their own to some kind of standard of common-sense decency... this is going to be what we get for "comedy".  Too bad.
Saunders is a liar ... who would defend her for except the racist propagandists who work for Fox?
These people self destruct in five minutes.
Time to squash out the disease. She is a bacterium that needs to be treated.
Old Michelle should lose her job
Wolf isn’t even funny! She needs career counseling. Possibly George Soros will offer her a job.
Sanders has 10 times the amount of class than that totally unfunny “comedian”.
 lol
Trump’s the one who set the rude tone in public discourse. If a bully can’t handle a bit of tough talk I guess he’s really just another snowflake.
No Meghan Kelly did that
“Please Shut-Up Michelle!!”
The Fraud Movement...
She will be the newest darling of the late night talk shows and news media.
@FoxNews had a nice pic of @PressSec aka #smokeyeye Sanders...

I have never heard sanders talk about someone’s looks. What this idiot said about abortions was even more disgusting
Wolf should look in the mirror before insulting anyone.
I hear the hater comedian is really in animals? Been convicted too.
Does she need a safe space?
Yeah, you crying liberals have any room?
Im not as kind as Sarah. So your face looks like the south end of a north bound wolf.
The left manners? They don't have any. Won't say sorry please thank you excuse me. All nasty all the time no matter what is their motto
Sanders with the poker face
You should not body shame Bernie.
Shall we attack Michelle Wolf’s appearance? I certainly could.
Please don’t put this unfunny lady in the movies. It’s bad enough to suffer through amy schumer
Have you ever covered one of these events? Usually the insults are focused on our president but yours chickened out.  Obama just laughed with everyone and threw in a few jabs of his own!  This regime lies with every breath making the jokes more real!  Sorry you’re hurt!
Some people are just hateful.
Sarah is too much of a good person to be treated like this.   Trump owes you one!
Disgraceful.  Brought WHCD at low level.

Donald Trump:
— “Grab em by the pussy”
— “I moved on her like a bitch”
— “Blood coming out of her wherever”…
How ignorant,  do you know  how many women  use their maiden  name hyphen.   Last night threw back Democrat women decades. 
We do need uncle Tom's.   The black comedian ask for them, give them. Did she know uncle  Tom was a white guy, doesn't seem she knew.
Wolf’s comedy is empty like her- wonder who hurt her so much that she must lash out for Left’s approval?
She truly is a small minded very unfunny pathetic lister!
Headline should read: Republicans openly weep on the streets because comedian makes jokes about press secretary's eye makup.
@michelleisawolf  is a wolf!!
Your name fits!!
Put her in the poor house. She’s a worthless creature. Go Sara!
Micheele Wolf career should be over. She doesn't learn anything from Kathy Gifford. We despise who denigrate a fellow human!
Michelle Wolf is a jerk, worst than Joy Reid!!!
@PressSec has more class in her little finger than @michelleisawolf who has zero talent, it’s easy to be a bully & attack people, it’s an art to be a real comedian
Sanders has no class...period
Sanders chin is eating the rest of her face
That’s the M.O. of low life like Wolf!
Exactly, she should take the high road like Trump
Thank God I am a republican nothing but hate out of liberals
Michelle Wolf should never talk about any ones looks, that girl is dog ugly...and what's with her voice?
Get over it!  Sarah is paid professional lier. She can take it. She has a backbone as strong as an ox. At least she looks like she does.
Sarah Sanders will handle this and her very own unique way have no doubt..
Michelle you need to take some big time lessons from Sarah!! Especially how not to be soooo stupid! Sarah is one smart and beautiful  lady “
Great picture of sarah!! 
Sad so many cannot distinguish between real comedy & bitter, malicious, and really filthy talk.  Wolf disparages herself as she attempts to disparage others.  She is a perfect example of a coarsening culture.  She is blind to her filthiness & will be hollowed out because of it.
You’re on fire tonight Jeff....unfortunately the highest office in the land sets the tone for the rest. What did you expect?
