America is rooting for
@RealErinCruz 

If you'd like to help 
#FireFeinstein
Follow this link 
http://tinyurl.com/FireFeinstein 
& follow 
@RealErinCruz 
#ErinCruzUSSenateCA



PHOTO: Wounded warrior and his little angel  
it's double standards and #session sucks at his job
Thank you for finally being honest about Trump. Do u think trump will ever take responsibility for intentionally ripping off tax payers? Or grabbing women by the private parts when he feels like it?


why does clinton matter get ten  months, and trump unlimted ? stop wasting my money mueller !!
And the are rarely held accountable.  It’s a lawless group.
He's been a rotten cop for a long time... Comey was the lead investigator during the "Whitewater" scandal, "deputy special counsel on the Senate Whitewater" - yep, he's been on the Clinton payroll for a long time...
If you guys EVER put that pos Phillip Reines on again on any show thats it-done watching fox
No comparison. A diary is a personal accounting to be a memory to yourself and meant to be private. Not shared with the world. The sailor may choose to personally share with his child in the future. Comey has ‘shared’ with the world. Diary-look up in Webster’s.
I completely agree Trump never takes responsibility. He blames (R), he blames Clinton, he blames Obama he blames (D), he blames black people, he blames blames brown people, he blames NATO. He is like the little rich kid that blames everyone around him & takes no responsibility

One can only hope that responsibility will be thrust upon them.
Sounds just like Trump.
What about Comrade Bone Spurs
Like Jared ( no security clearance), Don Jr, Michael Cohn, Paul Manafort. Because the POTUS said last night.. there is Russian meddling and claims it's after him. Bahahaha
 whataboutism 
Look a new bot. Why don't Bots ever list the country they are in? Oh, I know...
We should ask tRump about golden leaks.
@PeteHegseth Stop minimizing what Kristian Saucier did. Those of us who honorably served on submarines took our responsibilities seriously and knew better than to take souvenir photos!
I don't understand how it takes so long to prosecute somebody with money or find them guilty of something but it feels like for the common folks like me that we will get a fined  and thrown in jail in a heartbeat.
Money buys lawyers and silence. Look at Donnie’s dealings and NDA
Ok  ok  cry babies
Oh, the irony. 
Exactly, that's why we need to clean the swamp starting with the president. #ImpeachTrump
So why did he take His notes to a “friend” to release??
No Trump and his administration do not take any responsibility for any of their actions.
Comey “My moral high ground and actions are justified because I say so...” .
Yeah!!! Like...@realDonaldTrump for instance. Oooooooops. Duuuuuhhhhh.
I know right they had no problem throwing my ass under the jail for some BULLSHIT
so sad for the great people who actually do the FBI job and keep us safe.  That due to the strong anti-American democrat party ideals such terrible people rise to the top.  But, American people put Clinton/Obama and such in power.
Unfit

No words.....

Like Trump is taking responsibility for his actions?  Nothing is his fault, it’s the deep state, it’s the Dems, it’s Comey, Mueller.....please.
T
Bla,bla,bla... smart Americans don't believe anything FOX state "news" reports. #FakeNewsMedia
Just another example of the double standard One for us -the average American & the other one for the Clinton Cabal
They're protected by the shadow govt. They commit so many crimes against not only Americans but around the world.  Accountability only takes place if you are against them. They just make shit up and put it out to MSM.
Like the current administration...
Agreed.  The elitists in this country believe the law is for the little people and they are above it.  The elitists do not believe they are accountable to the rest of us, we are not in their club.
Man since dawn of time THE ELITE/RICH ETC ETC Have always got ta live by dubbel standers no mater what silly CORRUPT'NESS U FOLLOW CORRUPT #Republicans/#Demonrats/what ever CRAP #President ppl like/dis-like haaa SO TRUE!
Speaking of responsibility...
Trump supporters are upset over the Sarah Huckabee Sanders joke at #whcd? 

I guess this will really upset them...  
…
They believe our laws only apply to #WeThePeople not them the "RULING CLASS"
The USA public now sees the laws do not apply to Washington elites. Nor the clinton cartel. Sad Sessions won’t move in them
Deep state establishment actors like Comey never have to fear consequences because the deep state has dirt on many members of congress and other government officials.
I hope you are referring to every member of Trump's cabinet AND Trump.
if we don't keep up with  responsibilities as a tax payers and our jobs, we get fined, arrested or fired! Really?
James Comey sees himself as a white knight turning wrong into right.
The rest of us see reality- a narcissistic, traitorous bastard who has crippled the FBI and the Department of Justice.
James Comey for jail 2020!
Yes..read this about Huma Abedin, Hillary's right hand girl for more than the past decade.  Hillary's emails showed up on Huma Abedin's husbands phone...and very well could have been sent to or hacked by the Muslim Brotherhood!  Hillary should be locked up!  Lock Her Up!
The Democrats NEED to be removed from this great country! Their policies and governing are nothing less than SICK!!!
Lies comey  isn't a politician so Klansman Sausage shut your lie hole!
Exactly!  At least your stuff did not end up on someone's telephone like Huma Abedin's phone.  The Commie Liberals say it is a conspiracy theory that her family members belong to the Muslim Brotherhood.  Yeah right..its true.  See attached... http://shoebat.com/documents/Huma_Brotherhood_Connections_072412.pdf …
Oh you mean like the double standard between killing unarmed black men vs white men? I'm going to put in the same level of concern you do.
They’ll be held accountable
Maybe Fox News should start every show on the hour with the debt clock. “Hi America I am @seanhannity and the debt today is 21 TRILLION 163 BILLION “ In other news blah blah blah. #FoxNews #interestonthisdebtishowmuch?
You're talking about Trump, Sessions, Pruitt, McConnell, Chaffetz, Gowdy, Ryan of course?
Kind of like how Pruitt tried to deny knowledge of those raises, or Carson tried to blame his wife for the dining room table, or ...
There are laws against accepting foreign assistance to win political offices in America. This rule has been broken by Trump, GOP legislators & RNC. Americans have a right to fair & equal voting rights without interference in our political process. America is loosing its freedom
Who?
What a stupid comment.  How about starting with the Fox News minions who have double and triple standards...depending on whom they are talking about.
Said it before will say it again. Why isn’t anyone doing anything about Comey? He’s walking around doing a book tour. There is seriously something wrong here. We would go to jail but the higher ups are immune and can do whatever they want.
Kanye confusing you guys?
my hero  Emma Gonzalez 
of course it is...Jeff Better start Doing His Job...
He's been doing it, quietly.
Nobody does anymore!!
Do you mean your dear-leader and his constant lying to the public?
But why is Fox  raising volume on +10-President has full right to stand up for himself after  what they have done to him-if U  want to save Shame U can give President Noble Price-he does not play games with US-I C he  always helps! 
Why was Navy sailor saucier held accountable fir violating policy and lying Comey feels he us above the law.  What if IG Sessions doing about the scales of justice?
Kristian is right and Comey is just sickening!
Clear as day.
I agree.  If Comey hadn't been such a goody two shoes we wouldn't be stuck with this disaster of Don the Con as POTUS
Trying to sell his fiction book Riflmaoooooo
Trump?
Two sets of laws, one for the worker bees taxed to death and one for the weasels in Washington!!
Who's your Daddy? Donald.
FBI director isn't a political position...
