Is that why the KKK support Trump?
He does not support the KKK and their are only 3 to 5 thousand KKK members in the US.The media has people thinking their are millions.
There's less ISIS members, but we're all told to be afraid of them...
There were many more ISIS  before we started killing them .I'm just pointing out the media make people believe false naratives
Like the false narrative you just parroted?
And what false narrative was that?
The one just just parroted. My tweet was quite clear.
Your tweets are not factual only opinion take the red pill lol
CUDOS TO CANDACE for finally speaking out nationally! The Dems ARE the party of Jim Crow KKK and the LEFT along with George Soros is trying to subvert our Republic and values as the most exceptional country in history.
David Duke a Klansman ran for Senate as a Republican. He is a big supporter of his racist buddy Trump. The switch has been made Republican is the party of racists.
Lying Fox need to lose your broadcasting license - 27% truthfulness = 73% lies!!!  Who would ever want to watch or work for such a lousy Corp?  Ones no one else would hire.
Truth always hurts Fox is the truth
They didn’t report this we know why.
We learn fox news is just a paid arm of the Republican party and is not real news.....
Kinda like MSNBC and CNN and  ABC NBC CBS is the Democratic party.
The mark of an educated person is to listen to all sides
World War 1 was started by Woodrow Wilson Democrat and KKK Grand Master. World War II started by Roosevelt a Democrat and continued by Truman who dropped nuclear bombs on Japan also a Democrat. Vietnam also started and continued by John F Kennedy and LBJ. Democrats have been the
I think you need to study history a little more closely about who actually started wars and how the US was pulled into them.
Oh no...what history were you taught?  YOU need to go read.
Harriet Tubman Republican Ida B Wells Republican Cesar Chavez Republican I'm sorry to tell you this Democrats are the racist party and they've done nothing but to enslave Latinos and black people so that we will be there vote for the next 200 years just like LBJ said
Again, history will show you that the Democrats, while I agree formerly racist and not good history, evolved during the 60s and now have essentially switched places with Republican Party on many issues.
now tell me how is someone like u with well over 90% of her followers white and guessing your white as well is going to tell me what is or not racist.
It’s not hard to figure out what racism is when you’re educated and pay attention to the world and how people treat each other. I live in Atlanta, a multicultural city, with friends and colleagues of all races.
So you got black friends what does that give you a black card no lady you have no idea what you're talking about. You always be the girl from the outside looking in never understanding the struggle what we go through
Republican Party is NOW the party of racists. They sent out a memo.
Black America get ready Dems are now working to get illegals voting rights.They will  pander to them and forget about black voters.
Yeah let's just forget he pushed civil rights legislation through that ended Jim Crow and guaranteed all blacks the right to vote.  The Great Society was and is not perfect but it keeps people from experiencing a level of poverty you see in 3rd world countries.
We live in a free country individuals need to be responsible for their destiny not government
Just don't forget that after the LBJ admins policies were inacted the people that perpetrated Jim Crow and prevented black folks from voting still existed with their minds unchanged.  It's not very old history where we were not a free country for all. That history is still w/ us.
That was history nobody is a victim now except the victims that the Dems want you to think you are to control you.dems hate freedom
What a disgusting twist of history. You don’t get to change the way it happened to make yourself feel better and fit your political narrative.
It would help it the left new history
You conveniently forget that if it wasn't for LBJ, you wouldn't be able to be here, spouting your opinion on TV.
No.  LBJ was able to get the Civil Rights Act 1964 passed, and passed quickly, on Kennedy's coattails and BECAUSE of Kennedy.
What's your point here?
Kennedy was a Democrat was he not?
So Candace has the freedom to speak because of the policies and actions of the left.
The Trump connection to the KKK, far-right extremists and Russians is what you should be covering:  “I am from Russia,” Butina said. “If you would be elected as  the president … do you want to continue the politics of sanctions?”
How about an original thought of your own regarding her tweet?
The point is there. Maybe you should go discuss it with all those followers you have collected over 10 years.
cause of every horrible War that's ever been in this country every horrible policy that's been in this country take a look at it every Democratic state every Democratic City and each of them have the highest crime rate and the highest debt and unemployed workers in America
Facts don’t match your narrative 7 out of the 10 poorest states are controlled by Republicans.
My late father, an Italian immigrant, really disliked LBJ often said he takes from those that earn to give to those that won’t earn...he is setting those up for failure and ownership to the the government!  Those that really can’t should be supported by their faith!
Faith is what help my father and other Italian immigrants from the 50’s.  He learned basic working skills and English from Catholic nuns...where is faith in today’s society?  LBJ’s Government replaces it.  Show gods love in school not in prison!
Your father is white in a country built on white supremacy. He had an advantage over the offspring of slaves.
Read about Italians in New Orleans my liberal friend! Do some research! It wasn’t much better in WI.  But no complaints from my pops he lived the American dream and without government help. Only hard work and drive.  Wake up!
He was white in a country built on white supremacy. Why do you people come up with these my dad was born a poor black child story? I went to a segregated school and used your Daddies left over books. Tell him thanks.
He was born very poor in Italy in the worst conditions possible after WWII. That’s why they came here to make a life...and most that came here from that area of Italy all made it here. Many dying as millionaires leaving a wonderful legacy for their families...
Glad to see he took advantage of his white privilege. My relatives were slaves and my parents couldn’t vote or attend the college of their choice. I attended segregated underfunded elementary schools. I am successful today your father’s journey was a cakewalk relative to mine.
Ok two turd! I think they both had big hills to climb.  Btw he never had more than a 3rd grade education in Italy. No such thing as easy street in the US.  You work for everything and no hand outs!
Rhetorical nonsense. And how has the GOP done anything for the black community since LBJ? They did extend VRA until this brand of racists took over!
They want to give then freedom
By giving millionaires tax breaks?? GTFOH.

Name one lie?
I have over 200 of these. If you want more, just let me know.

No one ever gets fired at Fox for lying.
https://twitter.com/azstudigital/status/990178088137904129 …
More government dependency is a trap once in now you must vote for us or you will be cut http://off.Jobs  econimic growth lifts us
The Dems divide us by race gender class identity make each group feel they are victims and blame Republicans.
Johnson's Great Society trapped Blacks in a prison of government dependence and victimhood.
No racism did it.
The veiled racism of a Democratic Party that draws voters from a government dependent  subclass.
So you didn’t mention the unveiled Republican racism.
Republican Party responsible for 1.Emancipation Proclamation 2. 1964 Civil Rights Act. Democrats responsible for Jim Crow laws. Welfare regulations that broke up Black families. Google it.
More Democrats voted for the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and voting rights act of 1965. You obviously don’t know that.
Republicans voted in the MAJORITY.
Nice spin but as you learn in civics class the numbers of TOTAL votes passes legislation. Nice try Epic Failure. What else you got?
We don’t learn it wrong. They teach it wrong. I learn my history on my own by reading and research. I know there are many other black people who do the same.
We see history. Black unemployment has been twice that of whites your entire lifetime. Racism is still the problem.
In Florida, Caribbean blacks work harder than African Americans as far as I’ve seen. They don’t have a problem taking instructions and they don’t walk around like they’re owed something.
Owed something?? What are they owed?
Ask them because I don’t know.
I know white People that don’t want to work. Maybe we can put them together.??
I like the idea.
Kanye is tired of the Democrats taking advantage of his race, Fifty years of swimming at the bottom is enough...
You haven’t seen his latest tweet.
I could see this woman as POTUS someday. I could see myself voting for her.
Bootlickers don’t have a chance. See Ben Carson.  BTW
You have expertise in bootlicking?
Check out Candace she is the KKK bootlicker of the year.
She is a brave black woman whose bravery will help change history and free us all from the ignorance and bullying that people like you propagate. She is bloodied but unbowed; an example of courage for us all.
Nope she ain’t Rosa Parks. She is another black bootlicking sycophant trying to get you to buy her a new house.
She disagrees with you and therefore must be bullied and insulted. Stick with that strategy. Please.
Do you feel bullied cupcake? It’s just me and you. LMAO
The Democratic Party is the most selfish of all parties.  They have little care or concern about anyone.  The feigned care they have is only to buy votes so they can have more control.
All about control!! That’s it right there!! Democrats want control.... power, greed, corruption, and enslavement, if we don’t have our second Amendment rights, There true Identity is too have power thru lies, Deception, and force!!! Wake up brain washed people!!
The TRUTH is so refreshing, Candace. Appreciate it.
Dear Candace, you’re quite an “act” yourself Smh. Such a waste of precious Melanin. Smh
Love listening to Candace her common sense and knowledge  is so refreshing..
Check her out!  will make you say anything.

So the goofy celebrity billionaire and his clueless Education Secretary will lift up the education and economic opportunities for black Americans? Will that be mostly through privatized charter schools in white neighborhoods, police harassment, or tax cuts for the rich?
What are you trying to be, a FAKE First Lady. Clown throw up a phony name likeness but you are on the lowest rung of the ladder. No one will ever take you serious, sad.
You did
Like hell I did, we have enough fakers pouring out the airwaves, don’t need it over a social network.  Get real.
Still are
The irony of you talking about LBJ. #FoxNews, #Trump, and the #GOP use his very successful 50 year old business model for money and political gain. 

As for being "fair and balanced" I also attached a little known quote by MLK.
Wow. Candace. A breakthrough voice.
Candace the victim got 37k suing racists that she now says don’t exist.

Dang!
Maybe the most ingnorant statement ever made on foxbullshitnews and that is saying a whole lot.
FoxNews loves Oreos.

Democrats look at illegal aliens and see the same political power they have leveraged over large poor minority communities for decades. Democrats are not out to help poor people, they are out to keep them that way. We can do better.
That’s precisely what the dems do!
Lying Fake Fox News: From 1963 when LB Johnson took office until 1970 as the impact of his Great Society programs were felt, the portion of Americans living below the poverty line dropped from 22.2% to 12.6%, the most dramatic decline over such a brief period in this century.

He is better than Obama, it remember me that were blacks who sold and enslaved other blacks to the whites and a white president free them.
From your comment I could say your confused. But judging by your AVI, your definitely confused. Idk if your going to a cocaine cowboys party or if you just like to dress up as Ricky Martin in random nights
Well I'm sure Ricky Martin dress better than you thanks for show your homophobia towards the gay community, and second I don't know what is the cocaine party. 
Black people left the republicans in the 60s because of the “southern strategy” . Republican presidential nominee in 1964 Barry Goldwater literally said that civil rights laws were “unconstitutional”. @RealCandaceO please do your research.
You’re so gullible. Do your own research and stop parroting the Left’s tired old memes. All this is recorded  history if you’re not too lazy to dig. Southern strategy fed by Dems is a distortion of truth. Personally I refuse to be so gullible.
Lyndon Johnson was a horrible President and I am from Texas. Go to his library and listen to his tapes and you will hear what he really thought

SO refreshing to hear @RealCandaceO say this.  Thank you for speaking up on these issues!
Poor fool lap dog @RealCandaceO doesn't get Trump & his klan what trump and his klan think of her-- sad
LBJ was a KKK member as well .

It’s only once in a very very long time that a person with this level of intelligence, self confidence and awareness comes along.  Her astute brilliance leaves me awestruck.
Bill Clinton changed the criminal justice system to further destroy the minority family unit. They allow open borders to pump drugs into urban areas. It’s a democratic set up to control minorities’ votes and keep us down. Wake up America vote criminal Democrats out of office now!
"Boy, I said Boy!

Yeah you Boy, did I hear you say Slavery? 

Slavery as in the civil war slavery or the historical slavery of all men to Kings and Victors of War.

Unfortunately, the poor have always been slaves to the rich.

#CryMeARiver

Dem leadership (Progressive, liberals) and the MSM, are the True Racist here! they still cant get over that they lost a Rigged Election!! Progressive liberals have been trying to destroy America ever Since they lost of the Civil War!
What have republicans done for blacks other than call them the N word? Look at republicans now who hold all power; what are they doing for blacks right now? Ignoring police brutality, trump calling black nfl players son of a bitches and he’s done zilch in Chicago.
I'm in my 60s.  I love to see such enlightened young people as you two.  Please keep bringing this history to light.  Don't let it stay hidden
These people drowning In Their own bias and they don’t even know Kanye was in dc at the time of the speech performing “FDT” he is a Trojan horse lol..was mad at Kanye but now he is a genius with his moves..ready to see him stab trump in the back since they are name dropping him
Now tell us about the birther who wanted the Central Park 5 executed *after* they were exonerated, who was sued for housing discrimination, who's backed by the KKK & who lauded neo-Nazi marchers in Charlottesville as "very fine people"
You didn't learn it wrong it was told to you with lies by KKK Democrats
She is one smart lady...and very pretty. How soon before "she's not black enough" starts coming out?
People on @FoxNews will be so happy...finally they can say “we are not racists, we have African-American friend”
So when exactly would the white-only water fountains have disappeared
As an older American, I have witnessed the Democrats' blatant control increase over the years. Look at the numbers. Party of dependency to convert our country to socialist/communist. We are awake & know.
Lol
LOL! Yeah, even she doesn't believe this. Let's hear her say she'd like to be forced to use black-only restrooms and sit in the back of a diner, out of sight.
Nobody has to do that any more
And without LBJ's efforts, it's entirely possible they still would.
It did take me a while to understand Johnson's Entitlement program.  That has been the real problem.  We came to America without much and my Dad always said, if I can't do for myself I don't want any government help.  We survived and prospered.
LBJ actually blocked Republicans from passing anti-segregation laws. So did JFK. After that LBJ used anti-segragation laws to win favor for the Democrats. That's what they do. They use people.
Bingo!
Remember when we had a great Democrat President? Me neither.

Can I marry her?
I'M GONNA LAUGH MY ASS OFF (IF) THE DEMS GET IN COME NOV.

THE MARKET WILL CRASH, THE TAX CUT WILL GO, TAXES WILL GO UP, AND THIS ECONOMY WILL F-in TANK BIG F-in TIME!

ON IMPEACHING TRUMP?  IF THEY TRY, RIOTS WILL START AND THAT WILL DROP THE MARKETS ANOTHER 500 PTS. TO 15,000!
ALSO YOUR COMMENT ON LBJ!

HOW TRUE~  THIS HACK WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR PUTTING THE CHAINS BACK ON THE MOVEMENT OF MAKING THEIR LIVES BETTER~

KEEP GETTING THE WORD OUT TO THE AFRICAN-AMERICAN COMMUNTIES~!@

PLEASE!
saw you with Jesse~ u r so right about how the African-Americans have been lied to for at LEAST 50 YRS!  AND LOOK AT THE DEM. POWER IN ALL OF OUR INNER CITIES, CHIC/DET/BALT/CLEVE/LA/NYC YOU COULD HAVE BLIND FOLDED SOMEONE AND DROPPED THEM INTO THESE CITY'S THEN AND NOW~ NO DIFF!
And repubs would have done what?
LBJ may not be a Fri end to black people however if he didn't sign into law certain provision wouldn't been available yes it was politics just like your criteria to speak against party politics you don't know the two parties switch sides.
Trump said of the Nazi's KKK they were nice people.  Nice people on both sides. Tell me Fox News would you march with those nice people? No most Blacks will not support this racist President. They won't support the GOP. The Great Society act was not enslavement lying Fox News.
Trump is in the way of Dems and their one world order,which should be America  around the world with love and peace for all .Hate and communistic rule is gone
#evil
No, we learn our history correctly. Fox is pulling in wingnuts to create 'alternate facts' for nefarious ends. The Great Society including Voting Rights Act did more to promote equality than any legislation in history. It was weakened and then killed by succeeding repubs.
What'll they think of next, and who will they blame next?
No big surprise as that's exactly what he said he was doing. Sad that it's taken 60 yrs to realize he meant it. Sigh....
Garbage & lies.
I can’t see the View! Is Twitter censoring?
Quit blaming everyone else.Sick of the whining.If you don't like America,you are Free to leave.Or  http://stay.You  aren't enslaved by anything other than yourselves.Many white Americans died freeing you.Others have gave their lives for your civil rights.
Out of the whole 3 minutes 20 seconds there was only one idea I agreed with. Education for African Americans needs to be better. Dems or Pubs dont have POC backs.
As opposed to current administration’s attempt to enslave ALL non-wealthy Americans?!
Speak for yourself.  Who is “us?”
LBJ.  racist
LBJ was no friend of black people!
Smart woman
That’s the stupidest thing I’ve heard today and I listen to trump earlier
LBJ should have stayed on the IRT...Pages of his Great Society give aways...
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. supported the Act and was a close confidant of LBJ.  Do you blame his, too?
Oops.  ...him...
True, but it dates back to FDR with his New Deal program,saying this is going to help African Americans. Look, all THEY care about is votes. They think THEY know what's best for YOU and your family when in reality they don't. Don't be fooled by progressivism.
To be honest No one  works hard to please people than me I heard every single day from my lovely people great appreciation but I see also someone tried to cover up my hard working. I do work hard because .is everything to me!
People are never happy!Some would b*tch if you hung em w/ a new rope!!!
I suppose things must have been much better under Jim Crow. Only a fool would buy this argument, but that’s what Fox counts on — fools who  buy gold coins, cheap pillows and want their prejudices confirmed as fact.
Bush 1:recession, Clinton: recovery, Bush2: recession, Obama: recovery. Trump:wonder what will happen
LBJ was an evil man, who I still think had a hand in killing JFK. He knew exactly what he was doing, with “the great society”. He was creating perpetual votes for Democrats. Who would vote someone out of office who give you free money?

LOL!
This is a prime example of watching FoxNews making you less informed than watching no news at all.


Please stop

Crazy Ass Trolling.
Poor people have enslave the greedy republican party now the koch boys can't steal another 50 billion dollars if only children would stop eating so much food.
Southern Poverty Law Center is a Communist terrorist bigoted group that acts against Americans. SPLC is for communist socialist democrats seeking to destroy the constitution and America as we know it. The entrenched elitist democrats are killing the American dream and family.
“We learn our history wrong.” 
English, evidently, not so much.
And LBJ knew what he was doing at the time!!
Twaddle.
Faux news AKA National Inquirer
Candace, stop shilling for propaganda TV. It’s beneath you
Lincoln was A Republican the dems caused him a lot of trouble they've always been demons!

Hey rai....propaganda.  I remember hearing the first time he was promised info on hillary....stop believing all you hear....
The old South is today's (Democrat Party) the old North is today's (Republican Party) The Republican Party was born to do away with Slavery!  Abraham Lincoln was the First Republican President!!
The children of old racist Democrats are now Republicans.
But...there are good people on both sides. #HeilDrumpf
Communist socialist democrats are ruining America with illegal immigration for votes. Why Import rapists, murderers and gang members? Put the US Amry and Tanks on the border, close the Southern border. Who is going to sacrifice a family members life, for illegal immigration? Who?
Fox is
finally...someone speaking truth...
She didn’t tell you this:
Hillary Clinton #margaretsanger!!!!!
Pls have her debate @TheJuanWilliams
One way of looking at it
Republicans fail to realize , democrats are black America. There are more black democrats than white. There are us white people that CHOSE TO BE IN THEIR PARTY
Horseshit Alert.
Roll with it! It's just 15 minutes
Bullshit!
Lee Atwater on the Southern Strategy

Many people are saying Trump is a tremblingly liquidous stew of worms
