I was going to try to come up with a clever analogy, but this sums up how hypocritical people are: Trump supporters complaining that a comedian was too mean would be like Trump supporters complaining that a comedian was too mean.
It was a dinner for fun....FUN (got it)! They invited Sarah Sanders....heck....I could accept it if they only attacked Trump....but this clearly was not a mean dinner....it was a HATE dinner PERIOD!
Sometimes people reap what they sow. Period.
He sent the women in his place because he is a coward. Just like vietnam
Ur wrong its suppose to B a fun evening  a joking roast with funny bits not an all out attack on some1 u don't like.still can't believe the bitch lost ha ha. Trump had a great time in Mich.
Sorry they hurt his feelings. You may have noticed that the president spent last night in his safe space, surrounded by sycophants, blatantly lying.
Never heard of the Bimbo but now she can tour with Kathy Griffith
Awwww. Did all your feelings get hurt?
Yea he's a little bitch that can't handle jokes. President Obama went and laughed at himself 

That's because he's a grown man with healthy self esteem and a good sense of humor
And his only wife LOVES the hell out of him!
That's because he's been a good husband. 
Amen.
There’s no porn stars in Obama’s closet. He’s a faithful family man that the Evangelicals were so upset about.
There was nothing to prove. The President had better things to do! It was a awesome rally!
The ridiculousness of this tweet is missed by you isn’t it. 
Crybaby tRUMP was right to skip WHCD.

Moral of story: If you don’t want to be called a moron don’t be one.
He can dish it, but not take it.  SAD!
Again....he was not there, and he does take and dish it out! Comedian  was down right IGNORANT attacking Sarah. What did Sarah, or Ivanka say mean about anybody? Like I said, attack Trump, but unclassy to invite Sarah and make fun of her....LIBERAL LOGIC at its best!
Keep dreaming.  Have another sip of that Trump KoolAid.
So what is so surprising about this ... this is the way Democrat trailer trash rolls !
Trailer Trash? The toothless 50 year old inbreds who never bothered to register to vote, and couldn’t even read a ballot, who think doing  meth is a extracurricular sport. Voted Republican to get this vile imbecile in office. He hates poor people y’all figured that out yet?
What we have figured out is that you libs, along with Hillary, are on the outside looking in, for a reason.
Truth.  The left owns hate.  Just too delusional to realize it.
Dishes it out, can’t take it. Petty, petty, thin-skinned man. Wimp with bone spurs, fragile ego. Owie.
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @PressSec @POTUS #maga
Soooo, when he attacks former presidents and American civilians on twitter it’s ok? Like, Wusup @FoxNews?
Do they not have the choice to close out of Twitter and walk away from their computer when he does? I did the same thing when bullies would make fun of me in school.
And this justifies the highest office in the land to slander civilians?
First off, we're all human and not one person is more important than the rest of us. Second, vote him out or impeach him. We are his boss. We have the power to do just that.

Yes!
Snowflakery at its finest.
Sarah Huckabee was angry. You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever. In my opinion, she was off base. See what I did right there??
He found his safe space with a rally full of his supporters.
I love Donald Trump because he’s not afraid to offend people.. oh the humanity I’m so offended!
You call the Liberals “snowflakes” when they are offended....look at your level of butthurt now. What should we call you, crybabies? That’s fitting.
Do we actually think his dinner is so cool.  Honestly we have a major problem with bullying where young adults and kids shoot up schools because the generation these days have no clue how to handle life and name calling.  Maybe it’s time to lead by example!
Now it’s time to lead by example? The last president was ostracized,criticized, bullied you name it. But now you feel it’s time to lead by example? Ok 
Obama was the bully
Oh no, the press is calling out trump for his near constant stream of pathological lies and divisive language!

Quick...protect trump’s fragile ego and give him a safe space where he can go on an unhinged delusional rant!
"How dare these comedians make jokes about the lies told by this administration!"
@michelleisawolf was hilarious.. the best part was Kellyanne Conways face during the tree joke.. fucking hilarious..
So. He can attack everyone else and that’s alright? Cool story bro
Your pussy Grabber in Chief can dish it out, but he's too weak to take it. Coward.
Make OBAMA president Again @realDonaldTrump @DarthBannon1
He hasn’t gotten over the Trauma of Obama.
Press Secretary should’ve skipped too.
No, he’s just a coward.
You, are yet another reason in the long list of reasons to never, ever, ever vote for a Democrat. They are NASTY people.
Have you been living under a rock for the past 15 months? Trump isn’t nasty? #FakeChristians
Proves Trump is a Snowflake
She wasn’t telling jokes. She was insulting people. Whoever thinks she was funny should take a good look at who they really are.
It proves Trump is a popular source of comedy because he does so many stupid and/or embarassing things for people to ridicule.

The reality is that Trump was too scared to go. 

This is why Trump has not done a press conference in 437 days.
The Liberal Elite are making fun of President Trump and laughing at the average American. They are truly mean spirited. What else is new?
Stop using your iPhone it was made in China. Actually everything has been made in China so stop using all of it.
Trump has diminished what it means to be POTUS and the class that the office of presidency should and has held.  His daily rants, slander and insults of others is appalling, but you are upset over a comedic roast that is supposed to be funny and brutal? GTFOH!
The tone of the jokes reflect the tone perpetuated by this fake, totally illegitimate president, who is obnoxious, racially divisive, hateful, vindictive, and irresponsible.  He is a whiney bully with super thin skin.
Poor dumb cons dumbing.
Y'all are a bunch of hypocrites. He attacks people on a daily basis. If he can dish it out, he should learn to take it.
All the President have gone only pp with glass houses don’t go. Trump isn’t God
He’s a p*ssy! He can’t take criticism but he sure loves to criticize everyone else.
“She burns her lies and uses the ash for a perfect smoky eye” 

Conservatives:


I attended the WHCD last night. Donald Trump has so poisoned the atmosphere by attacking the disabled, gold star parents, Muslims, Mexicans, Blacks, women, the press, the rule of law that a comedian who simply tells the truth is offensive? She’s joking. He’s not.
The dynamics, magnitude, and tone of the message that the speaker made have never, in the history of the WHCD, been so nasty. Who was she anyway? Why was a person of her vile character given the microphone?
I agree, gunny. Shows the depths that media in general has sunk to.
You aren’t alone!
Oh no... another radio host to attack POTUS. Or any POTUS, let’s not forget the random attacks on FLOTUS, any of them. No need here.
*news
That shit was brilliant. Smart, funny, and brave. Trump and his cult get butthurt? So what. It’s because of them that billions of our tax dollars are now going to the ultra-rich instead of a fraction of that amount fixing Flint’s water crisis & our national infrastructure needs.
Shows the LEFT LOW CLASS
That’s what they do - to every president. The fact that he had to run off to his safe place and hold a pep rally instead of facing the media like a man proves he’s a wuss who dishes it out but can’t take it. What a weinie.
Meanwhile... at a Trump rally...
The best social commentary joke of the evening — “(Trump) wants to give teachers guns, and I support that, 'cause then they can sell them for things they need, like supplies.”
So she spoke just like 45 does so suck it up buttercup
The personal attacks by #WHCD "comedian" on #SarahHuckabeeSanders @PressSec proves #SandersIsClassAct & great role model 4 women & standing up to #bullying.
Please, it's just locker room talk
These are sick individuals.  Let me give you a gift.  You need to get to know #qanon and get #redpilled because #thestormishere and you are clueless.
Perhaps all presidents should skip the dinner if he is right. The reality is he can't take criticism. @POTUS
Don't cry about a stand-up routine when you sport a shirt like this.
COWARD
As Trump and his supporters say:

Fu*k your feelings.

Sincerely,
The American People
True. His weak ego would've exploded
What it proves is that his skin is the same thickness as rice paper.  And he throws his defenders aka employees directly under the bus tires.
wait i thought feelings didn't matter?
I’m ok with poking some fun at people but this lady went a little to far sad that people have to come to this
But trump doesn't go "too far? "
Yes he does but we have to continue to take the high road or he has ,in his mind, "justification " every time he does it.
True
You never want to become the target of Psychopaths, ask Sarah Huckabee Sanders. 

Yet another reason in the long list of reasons to never, ever, ever vote for a Democrat.
It was locker room talk. Just like the kind Donald Trump uses to talk about women.
...your caps lock is on... sshhhh..
Yeah, we wouldn't want to upset the Snowflake in Chief.
Trump didn't want to get his itty bitty feelings hurt. . After all when Obama roasted Trump at a past dinner . .it pissed off Trump. . and now Trump is out to erase Obama. So DT had to go campaign to boost his EGO. . Come Nov. . the wave is coming. .pack your bags REPs. .
sarah sanders do not deserve the ugly trashing n attacks she received last night. it was a disgrace for journalism n for all journalists. now, ppl know its true: real news media is part of democracy; fake news media is enemy of the ppl.
nobody deserves such kind of treatment. this event was for them, for all journalists. it only shows how real bad our so called journalists have become--they have become tools of the left n the dems. it was a total disgrace. thats why they r irrelevant.
They’ve always roasted the sitting president at these dinners. Why should it be different now?
roasting n vile attacks r 2 different things. roasting should be within the bounds of decency. michelle wolf went overboard w/ vile behaviour under the guise of roasting. its clear to we the ppl now: real news media is part of our democracy, fake news media is enemy of the ppl.
sarah n kelly ann r serving us we the ppl. they also deserved some respect n decency. roasting within the bounds of decency is ok. what michelle wolf did was vile n reprehensible to all journalists, n to us, we the ppl. they r not politicians, they dont deserve such vile attacks
How is WHCA funded. Better not be with my tax $$$$&
No, a private dinner WHCD uses to raise money for low income students wanting to earn a degree in journalism; ,a semi awards dinner 2.  The event was painfully shameful last night.  Attendance down, celebrity participation too.  Is hurting Trump is more impt than  raising $$$
= #putinbot
Typical response from someone with TDS.
The press is become the low of the low.
No one should have had to endure that disaster!!
@tonykatz comedians roasted both aisles..did you not pay attention?

But then you wouldn't admit that because you're a "Trump-Whore Puppet" just like @FoxNews
Of course he was. No one wanted him there. He isn’t wanted at parties or funerals!
So Trump can mock handicap people on National TV, but nobody else can say anything?

Trump supporters are like flies that follow....shit?
If trump did go. It would have been a roast. When a regular president attended it was good fun respectfully. Neither side respects each other now and it's disgusting from both sides. It's an embarrassment.
Cowardice runs deep with @realDonaldTrump and his supporters
You guys know it was a roast, right? What a bunch of thin skinned snowflakes.
Translation: @realDonaldTrump coward away in Michigan to avoid facing those that he spends every waking moment insulting, degrading, and accusing of being "fake".
ALL conservatives should stay home next year.  Let them trash amongst themselves.  It isn’t about journalism it is about who can hate the most.

@realDonaldTrump knows you don’t surround yourself with hateful disgusting disturbing people. You surround yourself with positive uplifting people. He would rather be with the American people rather than a room full of evil.
I only watched a replay of it so I could discuss it if needed. That was one of the most vile, unfunny and ignorant performances I've ever seen. Conservatives should have walked out. I heard some did. The look on KAC's face?  I hurt for her and Sarah.
Narcisists do not enjoy comedians like normal people, and are incapable of laughing at themselves.
I loved every minute of it!!
Zero sympathy for an administration who has spewed nothing but hate. Name calling is continuous - lying is constant - hate drives everything. Zero sympathy - the bullies dish it but can’t take it - boohoo
Hello!!!! Is called a ROAST!!!
That’s what it’s supposed to be like. All other presidents took it on the chin in good fun. Donnie is the only one who coward up. Sent the ladies instead....
Your president is a coward. Always was and always will be.
Me too much.  She is over the top with the abortion jokes.
Yes because bullies can dish it out on a daily basis and during their escape to rallies but they can’t take it!  That’s what the definition of a bully is & the only meaning the president lives up to & is true to
They should remoniker it "The liberal media dinner: no conservatives allowed.  They can revel in their smugness and group-think.


Thanks for chiming in, Wimpy-Kevin Smith
Bull crap! So its ok for Trump to daily engage in childish name calling, attacks and insults of others? Stop defending the thin skinned sissy.
He wanted us to believe he’d run into a school with an active shooter unarmed but yet he’s to chicken shit to get roasted at #WHCorrespondentsDinner
It's a "roast" numbnuts. That's why Dotard Trump didn't show up.
He can dish out BS but he can't take it!
Not funny just despicable!
Maybe if he showed up and did his own thing like every other president he wouldn’t have to endure this
The media and the left get along so well together because they both thrive on problems and trouble.
Boo hoo...if your not upset about his behavior on a daily basis, sticking up for Nazis and his locker room talk...its all selective outrage 
Sounds like Conservaturds need a safe space this morning. Tissue time is always enjoyable from my point of view. Cry conservatives cry.
Why would a homely person like her say anything about someone else’s looks.  Just look in the mirror.
You’re not making. The point you think you’re making... Every other POTUS has been skewered there. Are you saying he was right to skip it because he can’t handle criticism? Are you saying he’s a  snowflake ?
Bullshit! They were because he skipped. That thin skinned bully brings it all on himself. 

What a miserable piece of shit! I can hardly wait for the impeachment. 

@realDonaldTrump @Impeach45
So disrespectful for all in their profession.
He skipped cause he still but hurt from the 2011 dinner stop trying to clean it up for him
He still feeling salty let's be honest.
Donald Trump:
— “Grab em by the pussy”
— “I moved on her like a bitch”
— “Blood coming out of her wherever”
— “I would bomb the shit out of them”
— “If she wasn’t my daughter I’d date her”
— “African countries are shithole nations”

Republicans:
— “Michelle Wolf was over the top”
Save tax dollars and send boxed dinners to the WHCD next year.
Tax dollars don’t pay for it. The money raised goes for scholarships
YOU A HOLES CAN CUT ON THE GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER AS MUCH AS YOU WANT BUT WHEN IT COMES DOWN TOO IT. WE.  THE REAL PEOPLE OF AMERICA LAUGH AT YOU AND THE STUPIDITY AND DESPERATION YOU GO TO!!  YOU ALL JUST WON'T STOP CRYING !
This dinner has become such a FARCE & abject disgrace, a platform for ABUSE & should be permanently ENDED!
*prove he can’t take criticism

Why would anyone go to a prom where the attendees probably missed the real prom? ... Nobody ever asked them on a date..  ..but at least we get the chance to see why.
That's why we call it the 'Nerd' prom..
Thought @POTUS had a thicker skin.
when you look up the words VILE HORRID DISGUSTING and DREADFUL  Michelle Wolf image appears next to the meaning
Did Michelle Wolf hurt your feelings?  #WHCD
nope but she did make most women cringe with her vile performance
potus dump does that daily to both men and woman so you should be used to it. 
Trump has made some of the crudest remarks imaginable towards women, immigrants, the physically disabled, the media and others.....he has no right to lecture anyone!
What about all the attacks Trump makes on women? Calling them Horse Face.  Or bleeding from everywhere and worse ? Is that ok because its not from the left ?
Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  Snowflake  #fuckyourfeelings
awww, poor baby snowflake Trump.
Awful
Well he was doing the same thing in Michigan...
Poor widdle snowflake.
Insult king is insulted?
He skipped but wtf did he ask sanders and Conway to attend .
He doesnt need them!  WE KNOW why WE elected him; the press STILL hasnt 'gotten it'!
The dem fascist feminists need to be blocked. I dont want to see or hear their vulgar rants and lies again. Spare those of us who love decency and real women
He didnt go because1he would not have been able to controll his anger.Because of the truth.2 The truth is coming out.Everyone man woman or dog that said things was a lie and still stand behind.These peopke too sara and tails from the crypt are just like him.Liars
Coward!
Smart move for the president to be out of town. I wouldn't waste my time at that event either.
President Trump certainly should not lower himself to participate in this disgusting left wing media attack dinner!
The poor narcissist needs to surround himself with yes people
Trump is a coward

It proves he's a selfish little child who only hears what he wants to.
Thin skin & weak!
Such a Disgrace!!
So people can't sand bullying and name calling. Will advocate against it  but it's ok when it happens to people they don't like.
I like that he is listed as “Radio Host” ha
Of course he did. He's always rather go smile in front of his mouth breather followers than be anywhere someone might challenge him. Coward
F..........U.
Wouldn’t it be a surprise if just once, liberal media, Hollyweird Hienees, or comedians, came up with something really smart like NOT attacking everyone associated with Trump, his election, his staff?
They are as predictable as tomarrow. We already know what to expect!
He skipped because he didn’t have the guts to show up. Bawk bawk, chicken.
"Republican party abuses women" he said. He doesn't see Sarah Sanders or Diamond & Silk b/c he focuses on "attack" as leftists do. I often mention communists behind iron curtain b/c they're so identical in lies, twists & attacks. Stalinists attacked capitalism, so do US liberals.
What is there to laud at the WHCD anyway? How creative the media can be at faulting EVERYTHING Trump & his administration does? Disguise berating as comedy? If there was any objective journalism going on I’d understand. But many are no better than supermarket tabloid hacks.
DUH!!
He doesn't need to give the tacky folks the time of day.  Not sure if it was aired but really who cares??
Nope  just a coward

Right to skip? The guy criticizes everyone on Twitter but can’t take it. Typical spoiled rich kid.
Michelle Wolf revealed herself last evening with ad hominem attacks on Conway+Sanders by proxy attacks on Trump, but recall an earlier WHCD when Trump was directly attacked in person by another president—Obama. One can see an unfunny comedienne lowering herself, but a president?
Everything in context. Trump had been lying about and attacking Obama daily. If you dish it out, you’d better be able to take it. Same for Conway and Sanders. They lie constantly, are snide and disrespectful, and are complete hypocrites. They got called on it.
Trump skipped because his sense of humor is limited to rape jokes.
Yeah wolf's lame attempt at humor really was a classic example of aggressive  #bullying . Felt bad for Miss Sanders. Then again this is what the mass media has been doing to people for decades. It was fitting in a way. #MAGA
Completely despicable. This has been coming for a long time. So called Comics are pawns in the larger political arena. I thought I would never see the day when “goofy” would come to life on stage.
And we were thrilled to have @POTUS with us in Washington Michigan!
Trumps a coward but anyone defered 5 times from the military sees that!
She was just telling it like it is, isn’t that what people say they like about Trump?
Those people showed exactly what they are. Many eyes have been opened to the truth. They have struck a powerful blow to the Dems from which they may not recover.
She hates And hates... not funny
He skipped because he's a coward, and always has been.
Boycott the movie industry
@tomkatz
#coward
Not a fun light hearted event with casual jokes
I thought it was funny I'm glad someone has the guts to call out the trump cabinet right in front of them
Trump is a COWARD. How Disgraceful!
