And you guys think Wolf was offensive. Hector is offensive. Especially when it isn't backed by facts.


Would a black woman be able to speak to a police officer this way?

@ShaunKing & @kharyp are in this clip
…
Funny how much these so called criminal aliens have in common with the men in the #Republican party.  Especially the ones that have been endorsed by @realDonaldTrump .
Gimme Shelter
@realDonaldTrump &
@realErinCruz

#BuildTheWall
Follow @realErinCruz
#ErinCruzUSSenateCA
http://VoteErinCruz.com 
Junebug: Dog, I had to go back and read this post again."...murderers, rapists, child predators..." I thought he was referring to @realDonaldTrump. No, this was NOT meant to be funny!
No, we need more James Shaw Jr's for crazy white men with AR-15's
Build That Wall a hundred feet high
Go for it!!! But take your own crew and a check from Donald Trump because Mexico isn’t paying like Trump promised. Don’t use my tax dollars!!!!!
Secret, we don't give a shit who pays for the wall. Just get the illegal aliens out of here and stop them from coming in.
That's what I'm screaming
We understood. The weapons factories do not provide for these gifts. Las Vegas much ammunition ran out. Only deal with failing to win prizes? corrupt government
流离 #evilCCP #China  In the history of mankind, no country could rise in the tears and curses of its own nationals, and no country can win the respect of the international community by trampling on its own human rights！
Do you mean the less than 20% of criminals in the US? You will do better jobs by focusing equally on domestically-groomed criminals. The use of racial and nationalistic tactics to address crimes has always proven ineffective. Do your jobs better!
The President of the United Stats is a criminal associate with the Russian mob. Crime is crime Fox News. Where is your outrage?
Don’t talk about President Trump like that! He hasn’t been tried for all his rapes yet!
Watching live reporting fr Tijuana , WHAT A SLAP IN THE FACE OF ALL LEGAL IMMIGRANTS & POLITICAL REFUGEES, THESE PPL ARE SHOWING THEIR MIDDLE FINGERS TO AMERICA ,ITS LAWS & ALL LEGAL IMMIGRANTS &  REFUGEES WHO ARE WAITING IN LINE ALL OVER  THE WORLD FOR THIER TURN
Who would want these ppl in America . We must stop these criminals. We love our citizens & expect to be safe in our own country. Tired & saddened of reading that one of us was killed by someone who shouldn’t even be here!
Just build the Fn thing already or has Washington forgot how to declare a National Emergency. Cut the bull and DO IT.
Bravo! Well spoken.
An illegal alien by law is a criminal. Criminals by definition do things that are illegal. It is illegal to enter any country illegally. All illegal aliens are criminals. All must be deported & re-enter legally.
How bout the predator in chief ?
Then shoot damn or SHOOOT!!
People! Arm yourselves to protect your families! Your government sure as hell isn’t going to do it!
I thing you forgot one of the main reasons - that we cannot afford to take care of them - healthcare, residences, food stamps, all on taxpayers backs
No digas estupideces Hector Garza!los mismos americanos te pueden disparar desde un hotel y después dicen:enfermo mental
Shut down the government .
Criminal invaders.
Very few illegals do criminal acts. Most try to obey laws because they don't want to be deported. Republicans don't want illegals here but they want them to work in the fields & clean their toilets. America even discriminates they let people from Canada come he easy. Not Mexico.
@realDonaldTrump      What I'm seeing in Tijuana Mexico is making me more than pissed off! get these people away from America! stand in freaking line like body else! This has to be stopped today! not ONE should get in! organized this has Mexico drug cartels and Soros all over it


RHETORIC101 at the #TrumpUniversity collegiate level!
How about ALL those who are NOT criminals??!!!!!  Seems we have ICE criminals!
More American lives are taken by Americans though!
If we build the wall thier will be less child sex trafficking. All the high power pervs would have to go back to thier secret video collection.

Good, but we need to remove all illegals ... violating just immigration laws is still a crime
Yep, Melania has to go.
Melania came to America legally... &ur comment makes you sound really stupid ... I find that truth works better ... Melania has a legal right2b in America just like all the other legal immigrants... criminals r the ones that have no rights ... Reality can b good4u, if u accept it
Yes
Many children are hungry all over the globe, you are there talking how money should be waisted on irrelevant fence...
Can’t catch me bitch.
I would love to hear how a wall would accomplish this.
I watch Fox News for the good looking Women that are always on!
I watch for a good laugh.
$25 billion is a huge price to start with.
25.3 bil...average cost to CA taxpayers in illegal immigration annually.
Ask him then all this violence & crimes will stop. I think the reason for building such wall can be different but surely not this. There has to be high level talks between Two President to stop all this free flow of immigrants into US. If no results then they should be penalized.
Names, pictures, & description of crimes committed by illegals need to be publicized in a National forum on a continual basis & yearly. People especially those in favor of open boarders need to understand how these criminals affect communities & peoples lives especially victims.
Sorry I have a problem people labeling the Mexican people as such  there are criminals in all countries around the world  it is racist and bias to focus on a certain race
Fear Monger
This is a lie
Gangs, drugs and poverty will continue to destroy our country like they have in many of our beautiful cities in CA without a wall. Those once beautiful, wholesome American good clean towns are gone. All Mexican now.
Creating a false crisis again?  State-run propaganda, and you crazies are pushing it. You all will be unemployable, displaying this state of mind.
False crisis? Have you been to CA?

Mexicans bring gangs and drugs, no respect for laws, city codes. They will continue to destroy our country like they have many of our beautiful cities in CA. Those once beautiful, wholesome American good clean towns are gone. All Mexican now.
Well Hector, since 40% come legally, by car or plane, and simply overstay their VISA, how will that work?
Hmm. hector garza sounds like a Hispanic name to me. I wonder how his family got here? I'm glad to know that once that wall goes up all murders and rapes will end. Because we know that all the immigrants are rapist and murders. Even the women and children belong to ms-13 gangs.
So, criminal s are s that have criminal records.... What an epiphany!
Racist hateful people like Hector Garza are the people that should be thrown out of this country.
Give us all a break. The so-called “criminal aliens” who murder, rape, and supposedly child predators are a drop on the bucket compared to those crimes commited by white and black Americans! Biggest bang for the buck: Go stop the white and black Americans!  Total idiocy!
Build the Wall!
If they’re already here, how will a wall protect us?
Garbage Trump TV

This your daily reminder undoc immigrants commit less crime than US citizens.
Thats why we have the Men In Black... wait what?  Sorry wrong criminal aliens.....
Hey, I knew a criminal alien named Hector Garza. Chachi is that you?
Fake twitter account?

Wall will pay for itself in reduced border enforcement costs, court costs, detainment cost, deportation costs, murder investigation costs, burial costs, pain and suffering by American families and friends, cheap if it cost $100B
Traitor! This problem is an USA problem becouse of WASPs behaviour and hectic  education
POTUS is way ahead of them..he's going to force a dialog on immigration and the wall funding. The Dem's don't want it because not having a coherent immigration policy gives them a forum to call American Citizens "racists" for not wanting to give them an instant voter block!!
shut it down, but first pass a bill that does not protect the senators & congress men/women so they don't get paid either.

TRUMP: Are there any Hispanics in the room?

[crowd boos]…
How did he get n??
America is being invaded.
Delusional statement, a wall will not stop this, what do you mean by a lot?  People like you make these statements w/o even knowing what you are talking about, just say things to cause more chaos and division. 
NO TRUMPS WALL!!!!! Taxpayers don't want to pay for nor will it help.
Just like Trump N his syncopaths told us the Iran Nuke Deal was just awful. Trump never read it. Mike Pompeo was head of CIA. We were told how smart he was. Perhaps one of ya'll could tell Trump 2 read line 3 of agreement. Never means NEVER EVER!!! 
So why all the bluster? Deep!
Then go get the money from Mexico as was promised and have at it. No American taxpayer money. Stop the BS.
Watching Fox of course for truth. Illegals sitting on wall in San Diego. Hard to sit on spikes or climbing on oil. Suggestion for future wall building??
#SundayInvasion
After so many times being deported the next time they get caught we need to give the death penalty. Maybe the threat of death will work
98% of the crimes are committed by American citizens.
Hey #HectorGarza=When was the last time your papers were checked?
#Hector you seem to know too much about #CriminalActivity!
Racist
Cut all remits to Mexico until Mexico stops migrants from Central America
Changing the laws as you stated are very important more important even then the wall granted wall should be built
The GOP backed child predator Roy Moore. Just stop.
Oh, and don’t forget shoplifters and traffic law violators!
Does anyone actually believe this bullshit? Check the stats. Illegal immigration is down, down down. And don't tell me to look at January. You know nothing of statistic nor anything about presenting logical arguments.

This is where the rubber meets the road in fomenting needless fear in US citizens and pushing the narrative  that their woes are caused by powerless poor folks to distract them from realizing their true enemy are the greedy swamp creatures of (mainly )the GOP. Shame on all of you
Our POTUS should nominate the self professed most qualified veterans affaris person in the U.S. Nominate Montana Senator Tester. Or is Tester just another DC blowhard.
Sad we have to justifiably label criminal illegal immigrants to uphold our laws. If they are here illegally aren’t they all criminals and shouldn’t we deport them? Why is that so difficult for people to understand? Oh...dems libs?

The Alt-Right Party of Trump is America`s biggest Threat .
We're watching a criminal White House...but you do you.
Build a Wall around Trump .
Barack Obama, in Austin, says illegal immigration at 40-year low http://www.politifact.com/texas/statements/2016/mar/17/barack-obama/barack-obama-austin-says-illegal-immigration-40-ye/ … via @PolitiFactTexas
Shut it and the border down now! I guarantee if those were White people pouring over the border the Democrats would be Screaming for a wall! #BuildTheWall
Check out NFLX documentary called DOPE, it’s very enlightening
There are more child preditors in our religious communities than will ever cross our southern boarders. Catch and convict them.
so is Fox only pro-union when it involves fascism?
kind of amazing they'll have the local union president on and take his side in this one instance
When you preach hatred you get hatred back.

EDM power Baby pop 1
It's even more vivid when you listen to it through earphones!!! 
So stupid. That money can be used for so much more than xenophobic hyperbole
imagine whats slipping thru the cracks ? holy tamale 
Prove it......what is a lot. I though a lot is something you buy in the burbs.
Fake problem. It's not such a crisis. It's just a diversion. Why does FOX insist on playing patsy to this criminal president?
How about you also catch some of the mass shooter White Nationalists Trump supporters.
Not to worry. Congress never passes a budget on time. Government won’t be shutting down in September.
How does a wall stop people overstaying visas?
I wonder if you feel dirty pushing the will of a demagogue.
What's  a lot?
If it's one that's too many.#buildthewall.
A wall isn't going to keep out criminals anymore than banning guns will stop shootings.
And child abusers dragging kids on that trek to use them to get into the US.
[[[ Racist Florida Teacher Used Russian Pro-Trump Persona
https://patribotics.blog/2018/04/03/exclusive-racist-florida-teacher-used-russian-pro-trump-persona/ … ]]]

#TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
