Not to mention all the traitors at the border coaching them on how to beat our system.
Many are future MS13 members. Teenagers traveling alone spell trouble.
#FuckYouRasists
Interesting that you can’t even spell racist.
US military on border loudspeakers stating do not approach you will be shot!
Yes, that is consistent with international law. Since when does the US not abide by international laws?
Look at those dangerous women and children, god forbid we treat them with kindness. 
What do they think we are, a christian nation?
You want them you pay for them
Matthew 25:35-36 For I was hungry & you gave me food, I was thirsty & you gave me drink, I was a stranger & you invited me in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me... 40..whatever you do for the least of my people, you do for me.
Release them to Mexico
Arrest them and send them back
Where's the wall ? How long is it going to take to finish it ? In 10 more years, we will be overrun with migrants !
Shoot a couple of them when they crawl over the wall and that shit will stop
Let them stay in Mexico.
Absolutely!!  Not in danger there. Mexico won’t write them a check.
Yeah, people running away to protect their children from being killed are totally just abusing the immigration system. And that is why I’m ok with being a snowflake libtard.
By law, if a family’s asylum claims aren’t decided upon in 20 days by a judge, asylum seekers are released into the U.S.   Impossible to do this in 20 days so they already know they’ll get into the U.S.  Some may be criminals, some may not be.  Need to fix terrible laws in place.
We really do need to change the law!!
There are laws like this pertaining to other areas.  By omission, the far-left and media work together to make sure citizens aren’t informed.  Based on the world today, America must know who’s coming into the country and if they intend to harm our citizens.
No, lock them all up until there is a hearing. Don't let them go free with a "promise" to return for a hearing.
So trueAND we let it happen...
More lies from #FoxNewsIsFakeNews
We pray for peace in this world!!
I would love to send you to one of those countries to live for awhile! Then let’s see if your opinion changes!!
I thought Mexico was supposed to pay for it? Another lie
There is no it!  The wall has been approved for years by the DEMOCRAT party.  We don’t have a wall so there is no it. Hopefully we will get one. In the meantime, try slipping into Mexico illegally and see what happens
Let’s not forget the #TransgenderIllegals in this caravan that were highlighted on @NBCNightlyNews There are some making them a top priority. Our vets are virtually ignored, but we must dole out tax dollars for transitioning illegals. 
So true!  These illegals will get all the freebies that the democrats give all illegal.   So much for the US citizens!
As I watch this unfold I am asking where is that National Guard ?
Yeah, those women and children are so dangerous.
There are times when I wish we were a third world country run by a dictator
Vote a Democrat President and we will be
So true!
Shut the immigration down! Build the wall higher! Let Mexico keep the caravan. Mr. President you promised Americans FIRST turn the caravans away.Let Mexico deal with them.We are SICK of being second class citizens in our own COUNTRY.
Let the immigrants in the caravan who are flying the American flag in. Oh yeah THERE AREN’T ANY. They are flying their own flags, then let them go back to the country they care enough about to carry their countries flag. DO NOT LET THEM IN!!!!!!!!
...deep breaths
Start making them wear ankle monitors
NEW LAWS NOW
Shoot!  In this country it’s called breaking and entering!  We have a right to protect and defend therefore SHOOT!!!!
It's not asylum, it's an INVASION!
Right women & babies are dangerous. They are exactly who should get asylum.
Looks to me like they’re not at risk where they are now. They’re fed & clothed, singing, and socializing freely. They don’t look like people who need asylum.
Maybe our “leaders” could change the rules as we elected them to do? @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @SteveScalise @GOPLeader
Fox News needs to move to the border.
Or sleep with the right ppl .
It’s sickening to suggest that refugees manipulate their asylum applications in order to qualify for catch and release.The wall has nothing to do with all those women and children walking through processing requesting humanitarian asylum.
The system has to change so "a few key words" will not let them in.  We need to be protected against those who invade us.
Agents listens for these key words & send them to a court, where a federal judge reviews/makes the call. If approved, each will be required to pay up front 5 years of costs to cut in line.Don’t  allow them to apply for freebies. After all they want to be good taxpayers don’t they
Why should US taxpayers support these people?
So f-ing what, the libtrards think that is business as usual. Next we want to shut down and stamp out liberal thinking forever it is worse than is communism and is ruining young minds all over this country.
Send them back ! The laws must change , we don't want them !
PERU - lack coverage US media - Published on Jan 27, 2017 La polémica en torno al muro de Donald Trump no cesa, pero no es la única construcción de este tipo que existe en el mundo.Más información aquí:
So what. Maybe they qualify for asylum.

Trump should consider using "shipping containers" for the wall. They can be used for stations, redoing the insides and soldiers can set up patrols on the roofs.
All these blue eyed natives just think everything belongs to them.  They should read a few books on history,  lot a European immigrants crossed a pawn if i remember correctly
No medical personnel checking these people ! Where’s the CDC? What about Americans credible fear of antibiotic resistant TB and leprosey , hepatitis ? We haven’t had a pandemic since WW1 but these un inoculated people could be carrying the nxt one ! Very dangerous to 
Time for congress to act and close the loopholes in the immigration laws.
There is one way to stop this use military barracks on a semi close post and take them all there till the time is right to take them to court use Fort Wood Fort Jackson Fort Leonard Wood among others they shouldn’t be released on the population
Why don't you report Facts, Assylum Seekers seek Assylum in 1st Country they hit not waltz thru a foreign Country at their will. Shame on Mexico for allowing this.
Stay in Mexico asylum seekers!  Mexico it is your duty to accept and house them!
Right because you’ve talked to them and know their circumstances. #pathetic
First off, they r refugees. Second, stereotypes doesn't mean everybody!

They come to the USA no money no prospects just take care of me and my family free housing free health care welfare and free education for their  kids all on our dime. And also free legal council on what to say and what not to say to immigration agents coached by lawyers

It has to stop NOW! We have been taken advantage of at the costs of its own citizens! We have tent cities, so we don't have money to give away for interpreters to stand in class to teach English to kids that know none! We already have 12 mil., when is it enough?
They are gaming our democracy . UTTER DISRESPECT FOR OUR COUNTRY. A response by our govt. is needed ASAP!
Just rend them back
No it’s Folks who hire them @ slave wages then discard them! That will keep their hopes alive for citizenship & making them attempt such a dangerous journey. Ask yourself would uproot your family journey many many miles and dangers unless you were totally desperate?
These lawyers,u.s. citizens,who are helping these ILLEGALS game our system need to be punished. The law needs to change and all these leftist judges need to be terminated for just cause. Who the hell do they think they are and exactly who do they represent. Americans or illegals?
Got any proof?..oh right..Fox
Indeed
How do you know this?
Send them to California
Change the “test” questions

Deploy ear plugs!
I just heard on Fox news radio to anchor say hundreds of Nicaraguans fully and gang violence in Tijuana wow even foxes running the damn talking points of Fake asylum seekers
Immigration needs to be fixed. Time for congress to do their jobs. No release into US only to disappear while awaiting hearing.
American Border policy, 2018.
how would you know hec?
Asylum my ass. It's called invasion, throw them back over the border. No clue who they are and what illnesses they might be bringing.
Once again, the Republican Congress has no clue of the real pulse of America.
Then those that are accepted will make effort to get their relatives (those not accepted) into the country illegally. @POTUS
Typical of @FoxNews to use stereotypes to describe an entire population without knowing ANYTHING about their individual situation. I'm sure if it was your family fleeing such atrocities and violence you'd have a different take! HYPOCRISY, hate filled bigots!
They're already breaking the law!   Sympathy & impathy applies after an investigation is conducted.  Like having the horse before the cart idea.

Build the wall!  I'm watching the caravan on tv, and it is making me sick.
The immigrants are better fed and have better clothes than many Americans.
Other people use “key words” like:

I plead the fifth
Why wait for a broken system to solve the problem? Long term system doesn’t work. Expediting does.
They are using this to make a point the leftist The Mexican government and even the governments of these other various sheet holes like Guatemala whatever Donnie will send a better stronger message and not one of these parasites will cross! That's why we love him Donald J Trump!
We need to be arresting the lawyers helping them lie on paperwork. Who funded the trip for them to get here. Sorry, USA is CLOSED
How about Amercians show up and help our border patrol..WE ARE ONLY TOO WILLING TO SEND THEM BACK!
So....sound like they’re brighter than Fox News viewers.
I thought Mexico was paying for the wall.
Not even bothering to pretend to be intelligent. Passing on gossip like an old wife.
So you’re a VP if a National Border Control Council, yet here you are undermining what our border agents are doing. 

Simply hilarious!
These ppl have stolen jobs and suppressed wages of American workers!
And now to our black anchors who will talk about how much black people suck, protecting us from charges of obvious racism.

THEY SHOULD NOT ALLOW THEM THROUGHT THE BORDER, THEY WERE OFFER ASYLUM IN MEXICO, WE DO NOT NEED ANYMORE PEOPLE WHO LIED TO GET INTO OUR COUNTRY, FOR ALL OUR TAX MONEY TO SUPPORT THE CRIMINALS
Deport one lawyer for every one illegal that comes in.
Why can't they stop this mess??!! Watching this makes me sick 
Watching you.
But how many of them are really here trying to avoid from getting killed back home? If you send them all back you're the one signing their death warrants.
If thats true why don't they stay in Mexico? Mexico has been taken care of them. People must stay to change the wrongs in their countries, not run away! So are we suppose to take in the "whole" of Honduras ? Not our fault at all! They are taking advantage and it has to end.
You've got a good point there but some of them might not be safe even in Mexico. I wish there was a better way to accept asylum seekers.
We have  12 mil. now, thats enough, actually to muc. Americans are living in tent cities by the thousands so I don't see how we can take in others when we have our own crisis. They seem safe in Mexico, at least as safe as our citizens that are currently living on the streets are.
Again another good point you really gotta stop doing that you know.
It's not asylum, it's an invasion.
They have been trained to regurgitate the appropriate words.
Tell me something I don't know, Hector! Elena -
Why does America get ridiculed for wanting a southern wall when Mexico has one of their own?
Because the intentions of  trash45 seem pretty white privilidgy .... he dont do nothing unless it helps Americans the white 1s

Does any one see female Republican office holders come to Sarah's rescue. Most DC Republicans hate Our POTUS and love what the DC Dems/commies are doing to resist and impeach Our POTUS.
Tariffs are bad policy
Fox, why are you allowing this obvious bigot on television?  Those abusers are future democratic voters.  They must have a voice.
Nice.
My mother thinks I am.  But she is old and catatonic.
You are very funny!
Invasion 101 and this is why companies hire “bilingual only” to cater to them while English speaking citizens are pushed to the back of the bus.

Laying down landmines would be cheaper and solve the problem
Deplorable !
