Truth! I stand by Sarah. What happened last night was so disgusting, I can't fathom any decent human being justifying that kind of attack.
Whew.  Are you going to be mortified when you learn what the President says about women!
How could any woman support Trump?
I am a woman & I support @realDonaldTrump.
And zero self respect for yourself, obviously.
Aw, CW, just when I thought you were going to be magnanimous & allow a woman to "choose" for herself, you go & get rude. Fortuneately I have confidence & selfrespect enough to have done quite well for myself in this great country. Faith, family, friends, home, education, survival
Oh how lovely!  So have I - all with integrity and truth, and not stepping on anyone.
On whom did I step, CW?
Your leader steps on women, people of color, people who disagree with him, career federal employees, etc.
1. He is OUR leader. If you are going to play the your Prez/my Prez game, our conversation is over.
You lie for Trump @PressSec. It has nothing to do with you being a women and everything to do with your lack of integrity.
Oh please!!! Obama was master of deception and spin! Continues today with fiasco of Russian collusion! Left so corrupt it threatens our democracy.


He’s trash!!!  Can’t believe the MAGAts are sooooooo brainwashed!
Sarah, you are either the most dishonest person to ever hold the position of press secretary or the most delusional. Which is it?
Don't limit her choices. It could be both.
Sarah has more beauty and class than the bunch of them!

Why doesn’t ANYBODY from this administration appear on LEGITIMATE news programs? They make themselves look less credible by ONLY appearing on an “entertainment” show. Maybe someone would take them more seriously if they were sitting/talking with REAL JOURNALISTS. Just a thought
Nope. They are playing the victim and demonizong MSM to push their authoritarian agenda.  People should genuinely be afraid.
I agree 100%. If Trump’s base watched anything other than Fox & weren’t dangerously uninformed... they may just get some understanding of how horribly corrupt and ignorant this whole administration truly is. I don’t get why they don’t want to be taken seriously though. REAL NEWS!
People are so obsessed with impeaching Trump they forget that Pence would be his successor. From what I now know… I don’t know which is worse! THAT IS JUST AS SCARY!! Trump is ignorant but unexperienced. Pence could be FAR more dangerous.
Yep. Its scary all around.
That she can say such things with apparent conviction while working for this guy is truly astonishing 

Oh please! No female victim card please! You chose your job and you choose to lie!
Remember this?
Right!?! Its only their feelings that matter. Kind of like the White Nationalist movement and the crying Nazi

Hmmm.  Let's see about that....
Ahhh more Team Trump victim cards.... Starting to think that's the only card in their deck.
They are not president. Trump is. Move on.
Kanye says you should stop acting like a victim
Um . . .
Smokey-eyed Sarah vs. Bleeding-face Mika:

To the cornflakes on the right so offended by what @michelleisaWolf (a comic) says in jest, maybe you…
What a crock of shiz. This is about @PressSec constant barrage of lies, not about women @FoxNews


Casualities of Obama era: 300million American Citizens
#OpBot

I think it’s dishonesty that is being attacked
You get it, right? Like the way Fox News lies and spins everything
Oh yeah, I forgot, this is what conservatives have become
P. S. Where’s the fake outrage about McConnell getting his neck circumcised? 
America 2018: Holding comedians comments to a higher standard than our President.
Absolutely correct, but not just this President...it against ALL minorities who stray from the progressive plantation. Stay strong. God bless you. The more they call you names, the more you can be sure you are doing great!
Were you just as disgusted when Trump bragged about grabbing woman’s genital,mocked a handicapped reporter,insulted the looks of opponents wives,hypocrite?
Love you Sarah! You are awesome!!
Problem is Ms. Huckabee has a job where she lies to the American People and the World on a daily basis! So no not every women just every women that lies for money! That's you Ms. Huckabee your job is paying you to lie so you don't get the same respect as other TRUE Women!
There is so much whine coming from Republicans about the #WHCD you could easily think it was a no alcohol event.
It’s totally crazy the double standards the Right has. 8 years ppl talked crap about Michelle O & now they are crying... 
double standards big time..
Tbh, it isn't because you're women.  It's because you're liars.
The comedy may have been too highbrow for the masses. A smokey eye made from the ashes of facts as metaphor for blowing smoke up America's skirt everyday was simply brilliant.
How about the war you raged on Hillary Clinton, @foxnews and @PressSec?
*waged

Damn right
I don't like any attack on a woman based on appearance. That said, I feel a woman who chooses to work close to Mr. Trump is complicit with a behavior the President exemplifies with other women. If she feels it's inappropriate - and I do! - then the honorable thing to do is resign


She’s a liar for a lying president who threatens others
Hmmm bc he can grab them all by the p@$&?
Remember when you people called this being a "snowflake?"
It's not just women, dear, pretty much everyone who is part of Trump's unprecedented corruption is helping the Russians attack America
,Donald Trump:
— “Grab em by the pussy”
— “I moved on her like a bitch”
— “Blood coming out of her wherever”
— “I would bomb the shit out of them”
— “If she wasn’t my daughter I’d date her”
— “African countries are shithole nations
ANY QUESTIONS?
—championing the deeply racist Birther conspiracy
—mocking a disabled reporter
—calling for his political opponent to be assassinated, multiple times
—"murderers and rapists"
—insisting that the (innocent) Central Park 5 should have been executed
ANY QUESTIONS
That’s hysterical!  Fox News reporting propaganda garbage again
You’re right, Donald keeps harassing them, threatening them, abusing them, he’s a one man women destruction crew.
Then she’s not looking closely enough.
Whatever, @PressSec .
You mean like the ones that sit beside him at fundraisers and get groped? Or the ones he pushes against walls at the club house and molests while his wife is in the other room? Or the ones he pays for silence from campaign funds? That kind of close? Please clarify. Thanks!
Lets see liar:

Your boss has been accused of Sexually Assaulting 19 Women
Your boss has been accused of raping a 13 year old
Your boss has said he likes to grab em by the p..y
You boss has said he wants to bang his daughter
For starters...
As usual with a 'fake Christian' they love to dish it out but they whine like a 3 year old whose ice cream cone hit the pavement when its directed at them. Such tender foots! Such snowflakes. Awwwww diddums. Does daddy need to make it better?
That's appropriate, though, since everyone 'close' to this President is an irredeemably terrible mockery of a human being and should be banished into the deeps of space.
Everyone needs to calm down already-for a person who has single handedly tried to destroy the truth every day, Sarah Huckabee Sanders deserved every second of this...she actually deserved much worse.
This is true! Kellyanne Conway and Sarah Sanders are the true gems of the Trump administration!
If they are the gems, it's no wonder the entire administration is a fucking disaster.
Sarah is America’s Sweetheart 

Anyone more offended by Michelle Wolf than about Trump mocking a disabled reporter is a failed human being #WHCD 
Poor baby. What about the war on the US she started by lying daily to our faces? @FoxNews you really have an issue with the truth.
That’s right!  You go Sarah!
Here you go Sarah

‘Women for Trump’... isn’t that like ‘Turkeys for Thanksgiving’? 

#toostupidforwords
God bless Sarah!
Truer words have never been spoken.
It was a roast snowflakes. Please show your outrage tweets at the right’s hateful non-roast vitriol towards the Obama’s. And your call for Trump’s many owed apologies. 

I didn’t hear Michelle Wolf insult/curse like this? Donald Trump http://youtu.be/_xej2hvJdxw  via @YouTube
Mrs. Sanders not a war on the women but on lies PotUS tell that you knowingly support. And, what has Ivanka done to support women's rights?

When you lie to me and I pay your salary, you should be called out for it.

It's a war on women who lie and I'm okay with that.  Which is what every woman close to the president does.
This is what I sent to your Dad - REally, the republican establishment is based on lies, deceit and being bullies, look at your leader, follow the shit left from Trumps feet to the WH!! You guys have a leader who calls people by nicknames they don't deserve yet you can't handle
Spoken like someone who has no connection to any woman in the US. Sounds like someone is having a pity party.
Sounds like she is the snowflake that needs a "safe space"...
Is all this outrage because SHS’s Smokey eye isn’t flawless?
Oh my gracious! Bring me a julep! I believe I have the vapors!
Senate panel approves bill to protect special counsel
#AlternativeFacts
I agree with Trump 

https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/708045086135881728 …
What happened to this? Can dish it but need a safe space when it’s given?
Nope. We hate everyone close to this prez equally.
Preach it Sarah!!  The war against Republican women is ridiculous!
Trump insults constantly and y'all call it locker room talk. Relax snowflake.
 This girl. How fortunate for TRUMP to have her on his side.
With all due respect, trump has been hiding behind women's skirts most of his life. I'm sorry that they have to take the brunt of it, but maybe they will figure it out someday. He uses them because he is too much of a coward to take the heat himself.
You can argue the point all you want, but the facts speak for themselves.
Trump will do all the Fox & Friends interviews because all they're gonna do is slobber all over him & fall prostrate before his majesty.
Go Sarah !
Electing a self-proclaimed “pussy-grabber” is in no way a “war in women”, & a “small government” party creating  big-government laws that prevent women autonomy over their own bodies is in no way “a war on women”. & a president defending known wife-beaters isn’t a “war on women”.
Total BS

Well ivanka needs to get her head out of his lap first we see what kind of relationship dad and daughter has it's nasty
You are so right. And it will continue. Stay strong. You are so above all this stuff
When a liar gets called out- the hounds are released
POOR BABY GOT HER FEELING HURT AT THE PRESS DINNER!
I support my President 100%. Trust the Plan. He is smarter than the rest. ,#MAGA

Who’s the snowflake  now? 
Maybe she could see more if she got that one eye fixed.
So basically the logic of the media is that because Trump offended women it gives the opposing side the right to offend every woman in his family or women working in WH . Ghandi: An eye for an eye would make the whole world blind.
Add this attack on Ted Cruz’s wife, the Miss Universe contestant he called Miss Piggy (pot meet kettle) and many other examples. What was said to you wasn’t right, but don’t pretend the attacks all come from the left
Females should never be close to this president.
Very respectful
Only a lady, like Mrs Sanders stands firm and sure of her self after such affront .Because she knows very well. That the offenses are taken according to were they gone from ?
Donald Trump:
— “Grab em by the pussy”
— “I moved on her like a bitch”
— “Blood coming out of her wherever”
— “I would bomb the shit out of them”
— “If she wasn’t my daughter I’d date her”
— “African countries are shithole nations”

Republicans:
— “Michelle Wolf was over the top”
The war on women IS the Trump administration, Fox State TV, and the Misogynist-in-Chief. Give us a #%#% break.
Not really humor is it? As a disabled veteran will she be making fun of us next? Call Netflix, I did and they don't care.
You wish this reference was about appearance.
Calling a liar a liar is war? We’ll call out any sex who lies.  A couple of them happen to be women. They aren’t exempt!
Poor Sara, sucks when your the target of nasty vitriol isn’t it?  Now you know how ppl, mean and woman alike, who speak out against Trump and his administration.  No nastiness is off limits for this president.
Oh honey don't worry, being despised by most people for being close to Barron with the Good Hair is one of the few equal opportunity positions around.
Flint doesn’t have clean water.  - wolf .. Talk about real issues not jokes.
Says the ...
Everyone in trumps orbit inevitably turns into the face of white-privilege victimhood. Because Trump is the ultimate victim, always whining, always complaining, always wronged. So it makes sense that everybody else around him adopts the same victim mentality.
Indeed. #complicit

The American people don't like being lied to by you every day. Payback is a biatch.

whispers:

*comparing @SHSanders45 to Aunt Lydia in the Handmaid’s Tale was about her role as a gender-betraying functionary within a misogynistic system,…
Really?  That's the only one you see? You have zero integrity.
Let’s not forget who started and escalated this war. @realDonaldTrump, you are the instigator here. Also, any woman supporting Trump must have serious self esteem issues. 
Trump is the biggest offender of woman and his supporters look the other way,so pathetic.
Then like don't be close to him?
She treats the adult press Corp like unwanted step children.
HAHAHAHAHA—Trump is a self-described sexual predator, so NO.

!
What a victim. What a snowflake. You conservatives are so sensitive.
Sounds like someone's bleeding from her wherever.
ivanka had every opportunity to be a rose among thorns. but her unrelenting desire to monetise her position, and the morally duplicitous husband's behaviour have tarnished her. trying to pent up support by appealing to anti sexists is disingenuous.@flotus is highly regarded.
The war is against lies from this Administration, and Sarah continues to repeat them.
Well said Aunt Lydia!
Only the libs to this crap
We pay the Press Secretary to give us information.
All we get are LIES. Poor dear. She signed up for this.
#StopLyingToUs
@gop 
@potus
Says the woman who's job is to defend the man who call woman Fat bitch ,bimbo...
We are winning so it’s okay.
Play the footage of @michelleisawolf. There were no jokes at the expense of Huckabee Sanders for her appearance. Huckabee Sanders was called out for being a liar and propagandist. Which is true.
WHCD "Comedian", Michelle Wolf, has not found her true calling in life. I suggest she work for a collection agency or the IRS where they like inhumane behavior.
Such a victim for a perpetual liar.
Many people are saying Trump is sottish motley-minded strumpet
Have u ever heard of @HillaryClinton , @NancyPelosi or @RepMaxineWaters ? Hmm....
Okay, hypocritical snowflake, whatever you say.
I agree 100%!! I stand with @PressSec & I will vote for #Trump2020 
Well-said, @PressSec .  In the conservative woman's case, we pay the other side no mind at all.
Republicans are delusional. Your orange overlord insults people constantly! Why doea he get a pass? Because hes on your team or because he is a man?
I totally agree!  The Liberal double standard screams!
The definition of double standard is allowing trump a pass when he insults, bullies and mocks constantly; then ostracize a comdian for making jokes you find insulting.  Keep up deplorable.
I wonder what Bill cosby is thinking right now on what she claims.
Vile and despicable behavior under the guise of comedy really fools no one. Hate speech is hate speech no matter how it is uttered. Time to end the correspondents dinner until an actual correspondent can be found. Stay strong Sarah.
So no one can insult the government in power? Yet they can insult whoever they like? Trump insults and bullies constantly.  Welcome to authoritarian USA!
Vile personal attacks under the guise of comedy are not complaints about the government. What if the target were your mom, daughter, wife... Still good with the ‘comedy’? Just because someone else did it does not make it ok. Applies to both sides too.
That there is one smart and intelligent strong woman

Lots of class el jefe
Did you drop out before the punctuation lessons?
#WeLoveSarah 
#WeLoveSarahSanders 

#SarahRocks
Sarah is Orwell’s Squealer the pig
Garbage

If I found that my political party was siding with child molestors and literal Nazis, I'd like to think that maybe I'd at least question if I was on the right side or not.

but of course it is....its called myopia
LOCK HER UP!

Y'all are pathetic.
Trumps accusers 
Kristin Andersen
Jessica Leeds
Jill Harth
Cathy Heller
Temple Taggart McDowell
Karena Virginia
Bridget Sullivan
Tasha Dixon
Mindy McGillivray
Rachel Crooks
Natasha Stoynoff
Jennifer Murphy
Jessica Drake
Ninni Laaksonen
Summer Zervos
Cassandra Searles
She must still have the horse blinders her pappy gave her for 3rd grade.
I can’t stand her! She never smiles and has the personality of a wet mop!!
democrats...Any woman who is close to our president is probably a transgender so there is no woman writes OK
Love Sarah , she's a wonderful and smart lady !!! I know her dad is so proud of her !!
#putinbot. Block.


That’s because she lives in her bubble. There was a war on Hillary, a war on every average woman who speaks out against hostile workplaces and abuse that is commonplace. People thought that having women in the WH would resolve some of it, did not consider it meant right women.
You are absolutely right!!! The Left only want Women’s Rights when it fits their agenda!  We need to show them where it hurts; at the polls!!!
Yes because after all he has said and done to women the fact that any woman can honestly work with this creep is sickening....I would never want my wife or daughter to be anywhere near this fool!
Thank you, Sarah, for patiently and courageously tolerating all the vicious criticism that comes your way. You have true grace under fire.
Ha!
And anyone male or female who defends the @POTUS, including no.1 Kanye, 

even Chance the Rapper was deeply crucified, persecuted in social media for supporting Kanye over Trump, this is alarming, alt-left media are TERRIBLY manipulative and very devious.
Let #WHCD18 be the last. I know it’s a fundraiser, but it does nothing for political discourse. Every year, the entire country seems to forget it’s one big political roast. The next day(s), we spend far too much time handwringing over hurt feelings. #WasteOfEnergy
Doesn’t feel so good to not be the tyrant on the podium. Your tone sucks btw.
Well, Aunt Lydia, you would see it that way
Nobody attacks you for being a woman. They do it because you LIE and enable the liar-in-chief! Get a clue!
Sounds to me Sarah that you choose the wrong side of the aisle to be a part of and the house of cards that your president has built is on sand and the blue wave  is going to wash the stink away . So you were saying 
dou·ble en·ten·dre
“binders full of women”
“war on women”
They hate anyone who doesn’t act like a victim and don’t hesitate to outright lie on anyone to push their ideology
Well better ,jokes about them,, then being grab ,,,
The liberal democrats war on women will fail because Trump is surrounded by super women. Huckabee-Sanders and Conway are prime examples of super chicks.
You Rock Sarah!
@PressSec, Drink some more of the Kool Aide.
Exactly! Some feel jealous/threatened by confident powerful women. You @PressSec are a GREAT role model for women. I taught my daughters to support other women. Sad that many feel the need to tear others down to fill their own insecurities. #WHCD #WomenEmpowerment #WomenForTrump
Keep up the good work Sarah Sanders!
Hahahaha!!! Some of the best stand-up I've heard in awhile
Consider the source  !
We love you  !!

So very true. Add us women with common sence and good morals in the group too.
Very true.
Well said
Don’t let get to you return the same to her
That’s how all of America should see this.
You stay strong Sara!  You’re a great role model for all women!
Osea que @RepJenniffer es una trump supporter... que verguenza..
#WeLoveYouSarahSanders
What a warped reality.
This is so so sad! This is why we must continue to fight against these hateful ppl. They proclaim they are for women but after last night it is very apparent that they could care less. Thank you Sarah Sanders for standing tall, all is women are with you!
The truth is... She can't handle the truth!
Perhaps if sara doesnt like being called a liar...she should stop lying everyday!
Love your words Sarah & the truth shall prevail,! M.M.

Michelle Wolf Daughter Known as Woahh Vicky on social media was not invited to the #WHCD 
Tell you pappy to quit making fun of people and their looks. He said people should take a joke.
Seems trump is waging, not women, especially,old white women sidled with white men...
And then there are the women who trump sexually assaulted. Taking away their power because, in his small brain, felt entitled & superior to them.
