Many people are saying Trump is a minimal pancake besmeared with irascibly kerosene-torching Keep-It-Up
Nope, just you lol and a few at @CNN bahahahaha
Love it
Shame on you. He is deranged and you love it.
Yes I love my president
Can’t take the truth!! And no it is MAGA  pay attention so I don’t have to repeat myself, I can’t text slower
Spread the message, Its a great time to be an American, its too bad only 1/2 the country see's it.
Our  biased lame news media would like for us to think they have the numbers and support on their side but I'm doubting that.
Funny how you people demand respect for the 2nd amendment and have nothing but disdain for the 1st.
Oh God, gruesome twosome
More likely ignorance & stupidity are the bond.
Can you disagree with Obama, though? It’s annoying to dig up these old foolish things, but Kanye was inappropriate that night and everyone can agree. And don’t forget, he was defending Beyoncé, someone you guys have been name dropping as a Dem prop.
What a waste of news space. At the end of the day West was a jackass for what he did and its not exactly an insult is it, just a fact. In addition the man didnt even vote so really should have no say. If you can't even be bothered to vote go back to sleep.
Two Peas in a Pod.
Both believe whole heartedly in greed and crave attention

or it's pathological narcissism and the willingness to do literally anything for a buck or  5minutes of press
Mutual hate developes a tighter bond than mutual love.
They may even provide a cry closet!
If someone speaks and the Democrats try to destroy him/her, do the Democrats support free speech?    ... Don't answer.
Who's trying to destroy Kanye? People are laughing at him, and rightly so. Why are the Right trying to stifle free speech?
Is that why The Obama’s are more popular than Trump ?

Hey #TrumpTrain tap the brakes on this ridiculous idea that Kanye West is a @realDonaldTrump  supporter or supports conservative platform. Check back with him in 2020.
Who?
News?
This is a love hate situation.



Obama c est ça!



#losers
When did you all start loving celebrities? Well, celebrities with current careers. We all know you know a washed up has been in need of a career boost.
Kanye just always seeks adverse publicity-with trump, bullseye
America loves President Trump!!!  He is    “Making America Great!!” Step by step!!  AMERICAS BEST GREATEST PRESIDENT Ever!
West is becoming a black Ted Nugent.
taylor swift.
Kanye is fat and faded
Obamas a lathered in jealousy at all times
Obamas neither white nor black hes just a community organizer ...a job with no meaning or labor involved.
lol #Obama stuck up for #TaylorSwift and Fox is attacking him for it
Conversely, Trumps insults are the bond of more than half the country.
What cabinet position will KW be nominated for? Yes, KW, flattery works with incompetent and ignorant #45. Keep selling your soul to his regime. You will end up on Mueller’s list. Keep up the flattery! It worked out for Russia, China, NK, etc.
Careful Mr President, Kanye is a trogion horse sent by the snowflakes to bring you down. Keep your enemies close and your friends closer. Remember, Kanye hated g w Bush. Trump has the same policies as Bush administration for most situations
Trump has a token black... doesn't remove or alter the fact he is a flaming racist.
Well you know what they say "hating Obama brings fools together"
Can’t say that I really care!
Oh, you mean telling the truth about Obama may be tie that binds them.
you don't care about celebrities, remember ?
Of course, they're shallow men. #FuckYourFeelings
What they have in common is that they are both media whores with delusions of grandeur.
Narcissism is their bond. It’s called narcissism. @kanyewest
Like trump plays dems ? bahahahaha
Ps please forgive this unrelated post. 
"an attack...   on Iran will result in a series of events around the world (in capital cities) via their proxies"    The Daniel Project - Youtube
Jacob Prasch.
The President expects us to have respect for the title when he shows little respect for his predecessors
Cult of celebrity... Both of them.
Kanye West is:
That and strong IQ’s they’re both about a 35.
Stop talking about Kanye @FoxNews  .. We get it.. Your being hypocritical we don't like the Hollywood elites or care about their opinion particularly.. Unless they agree with us.. Stop making us look bad..
https://ankitkateshiya.blogspot.in/2018/03/is-indian-constitution-in-danger.html?m=1 …
Hard to accept what a working prez does vs a prez who just sat on his ass and talked about how sorry the u s is! TRUMP!
You would have made a good  decision
When did Kanye insult Obama?
Wait i thought Saint Obama would never insult anyone?
Obama and Hillary sure are, but I only seen Obama mentioned (why did you bring Hillary into it too?).
