Frankly, at this rate he should also claim ownership of the lunar eclipse, the St Andrews fault line and spring.
If it wasn't for the S. Korean president, we would still be living with tweets of "fire and fury".
Yeah, world leaders know that @realDonaldTrump is a narcissistic boob who can easily be manipulated by heaping praise on him. He’s being played by NK & SK. He’s not smart enough to realize it.
And that economic pressure has had a grip on North Korea since the passage of resolution 2094 in March of 2013. Just curious who was President back then, you know the Muslim from Kenya. Guessing Comrade Trump deserves something, maybe a little rocket to the moon.
Hey, Trump supporters...just for shits and grins check out the "alternative facts" from places other than Fox.
What walks like, talks like, and sounds like a water carrying sycophant?
Time for North Korea come out of cold, come into 21st century, then United Korea is possible.
Trump presented the US as an unstable partner, so South Korea realized they would have to settle these matters themselves.
Bolton please always be a fanatic! We need you to be strong to conduct global justice!
Um this is I  responce to China and Russia putting pressure on NK nothing to do with us.  Fools
That pure BS!
Trump is not only Successful because of "tough talk" he is also a likeable Guy, and people are drawn to that.

.@POTUS Wonder if Trump had a back-up plan to North Korea like Obama if his strong negotiating tactics backfired with a plane w/ billions in cash @realDonaldTrump @Mueller @Maga @Trump @Rosenstein @Comey #followme #Trump #resist #russia #strzok #girl #Obama
Time will tell. Kim Jong-in is playing Trump like a fiddle. This is going to blow up at some point. Peace will not come before Trump is indicted, arrested and sent to prison.
Really?One question why hasn't President Moon of South Korea formally stated that?Think sense Trump presented the US as an unstable partner,South Korea realized they would have to work themselves along with China,Japan&North Korea to get something done,so far they have succeeded
You're blind as a bat
Wouldn't it be nice if mainstream media reported this. It always seems like Fox has to get the real news out. @realdonaldtrump should get credit for the headway so far with NK. At least no one is talking about going to war.
Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.
True leaders lead by not taking credit.
Bolton also thinks invading Iraq was a good idea.
If the war is over, we bring the troops home and have a reduction in force.  More money for education!
There will be no reduction in force

Last week’s State Dinner showed that Trump is more willing to sit down with Kim Jong Un than American legislators (Dems not invited).
Claim: Donald Trump and South Korean President Moon Jae-in agree the US President deserves credit for peace talks with North Korea.
Verdict: Only the historical record will reveal what influenced these talks, but evidence suggests it was the South Koreans who encouraged dialogue with the North, along with pressure from Chinese enforced sanctions.
North Korea sentences Trump to death for insulting Kim Jong-Un
TRUMP HAS ACTUALLY, FACTUALLY NOT DONE A DAMN THING.
SOUTH KOREA.
QUIT THINKING HE GETS CREDIT FOR DOING ABSOLUTELY NOTHING
https://news.sky.com/story/sad-pathetic-a-history-of-donald-trumps-twitter-insults-11123543 …

Conservatives are snowflake hypocrites...now its a fact.

Trump is known as a wetly emphatic Son of Wowbagger (?)!
