Their actions and words have proven any claim to asylum is false. So far they are here for better pay, to buy toys, overwhelm system, learn English, they have right to better life, etc. NONE are legitimate basis for asylum! DETAIN and DEPORT w/in 24 hours.
I don’t see them waving an American Flag
I saw that too!
You would think if they really wanted to get in to the US they would be waving an American flag, not the Honduras flag.

I wouldn't let them in!
I don't want to piss you off guys, I'm #MAGA too. But I heard this was a 600 people caravan, is that all? We're are now getting about that everyday from USA now & no ICE agents are stopping anything. We're only 8millions with 2xelections coming, expecting 100k for summer only
1500 originally. Supposedly some deported from Mx. Later, was reported they disbanded. I'm sure they broke up into groups to cross at different areas of border. The border needs to be shuttered, period. By wall or by our military until wall built.
I’ve been out & about all day. Please tell me that they’re still South of our border
Drudge Report has article some crossed illegally in area known for trafficking. I believe the pregnant woman w/two boys was one of them. Article on her was by CNN? Maybe MSNBC.
We have to stop letting them in period. They come here, live free and then start demanding we follow their beliefs. We do not have a proper vetting policy that works well
Article: One woman pregnant with two boys. One son already has pneumonia, yet she chose to travel without seeking medical attention. This is abuse and PROVES she and her children will be a burden from the get go. Send them home!
We need Ellis Island back
Declare area a Neutral Zone where they are NOT considered on American soil. 
Or Ship them to #GITMO
NICE hand written signs? Theres a much more sinister plan happening before our eyes. Wake up people!!! Soros trying to add another country to his destroyed country list.
Don't let them in. Mexico should grant them asylum after all they just walked 2k miles across their country.
Mexico did off them asylum.... only abou 12 out of what 1200 took it!
Then Mexico should have sent them back home and not have let them continue north through their country. Maybe we could send them on to Canada.
They need to go back and come the legal way. Mexico is about as helpful as a broken leg!
Interesting they say “fascist Trump” and they want to come over the border! Keep them out.
Just thinking to myself that if you wanted to come into this country maybe... you might want to try waving the American flag 
I don't give a damn what corrupt courts say, stop letting them in. Deny them all and get them the hell out.
Where can we go to see asylum from #Democrats?! Asking for a friend.
California
How one little letter changes everything.
Haha touché
Why doesn't Mexico take them? They crossed over their country!!!
#Globalist organizations want open borders, are recruiting, funding, coaching, using these people to force open borders, turn USA into a S-Hole Country, easier to control when citizens need gov handouts & vote Dem.
Why is the Mexico government not stopping them, or at least try to.

Trump is damn right!
Arent you outside the US ?
You can live anywhere in this world and recognize this is not right....
What do you mean? Elaborate
That those in the migrant caravan are cutting ahead of thousands of immigrants looking to enter the United States legally. These immigrants made it out of harms way when they crossed the border into Mexico. Mexico has granted them amnesty.
They’re seeking asylum from gang violence & poverty??? So are US citizens. We need immigration reform now. Stop allowing them in! 
Fleeing from gangs?  What about MS13 right here? And the other city gangs. This an insult to me and my legally immigrant wife. Where's the National Guard? Where is justice? Truth lies murdered dead in the streets.
Theyve been coached as to what to say, Mexico granted them asylum..  Why didn't they stay there? It's a no brainer that they're playing the U.S
#BUILDTHEWALL
I honestly do not understand the perceived "right" of these folks.
Because Free(dom) is a concept and not a price tag, but that doesn't translate when you are brought up communist.
Why...  these migrants don’t ask asylum in MEXICO???? They are already there!!!!!!
The US is seeking refuge from gang violence!!!!!!
Why didn’t they seek asylum in Mexico??
Mexico gave it to them...  why didn't they stay??
Not true
It is true, Mexico granted them sanctuary, they used it to cross the country and crash our borders
Temporary yes.
If they are so  poor, Who bought all those signs ?
New clothes, backpacks, furnished buses. And banners aren't cheap!
So who paid for the signs and safety vests?  This stinks like a cheap cigar.
Mexico gave them asylum.  Now they want Americans to give them freebies. Get the funk out.
If your so proud to fly the other country flag while protesting why not return to said country and try and make it better!!!! NO NO NO BORDER CROSSINGS illegally
They need to fight it if the love their country. There are more of them than their are gangs.
Guess they missed the gangs in America.  Especially MS-13
Not with that flag you’re waving there, mister! No way!
#StayInMexico
 GANG VIOLENCE THIS IS ASYLUM 4 MORE GANG MEMBERS TO INFILTRATE
They bring the culture that created gang violence with them.
Send in the military!?!?
Yeah, we have more than enough entitlement minded ppl here already without admitting more of these chanting and protesting mobs, destined to syphon off the welfare system. 
There are folks from my neighborhood, Mount Del, Coconino County, Flagstaff, AZ who are still unaccounted for from Vietnam 1970’s. Until WE get 100% accountability of OUR folks, every single person at the border will be contacted / vetted. Stop your judgements folks.
You see PFC Lynch was one of them... maybe AG Lynch could help? @realDonaldTrump .
I don’t see not a single American Flag there. It’s them wanting to take over. I love how all of these poor asylum seekers all have cell phones.
Give them something to be scared about at our border. Start shooting. 
What about Americans scared for our country?
Send them all back to wherever they came. Soras and Obama sent them here to infiltrate the USA. Illegal aren’t supposed to VOTE, but they do. HOW????
Please @realDonaldTrump & Administration shut this down & stop letting illegal immigrants in our country. I want to help these people in their own countries. Our country cannot afford this in any way!
waving flags from the counties they were shipped out of and taken care of by a Soros run organization?
#DeportThemAll IMMEDIATELY!!!  They have no business being here. #BuildThatWall #SoS
Leftist, socialist out America!!!!
#BuildTheWall
There is violence all over the world; we are not the solution /

There's no proof they are seeking asylum from gang violence.
They came from Honduras into Mexico. Asylum is the first country you come to, that's Mexico. They have no business to be here
#QAnon #MAGA #trump #StopTheCaravan
These invaders have already shown they have no respect for our country. This is not who we want. Enter legally then you are welcome #AmericaFirst #BuildThatWall
I’m seeing a lot of able bodied men in this video. They can go back and fix their own country.
This is not for asylum from gangs.
Turn around
Outrage in 3, 2, 1...
Let me guess you’re not taking any in to sleep at your house ?
I am in no way racist, I have dated& was married 2 a Latino woman. We have our own problems & we need 2 put our citizens 1st & fix our problems 1st. Our Vets are on the streets eating out of the trash. LA is the homeless Capital & opiates are killing our youth.
Send them back to their shithole country.
Under US law they have the legal right to apply for refugee status and have their claims heard. These people are following the correct and legal processes. So, are you opposed to the laws of the United States?
The key word is APPLY not just walk in the country.
They apply when they enter the country. They cannot apply until they are in the US—the manner in which they enter the US is irrelevant—once they set foot on US soil they have the legal right to apply for refugee status & they can stay in the US while their case is pending.
I am a US Combat Veteran.
As of three weeks ago, I am unemployed and now homeless. I sleep in my truck. A beat up 1997 Ford Ranger.
I have enough gas to drive 180 miles.
I have not eaten in two days. Truth.
Tell me again why I owe foreigners assistance and aid?
Tom, do you have a GoFundMe account?
No I dont. Thank you, but I don't want a hand out.
Just need a hand up.
I am in a jam, but I've been in them before. God's got this.
May God bless you and the land I love.
You are in my prayers.  Let me know if I can help.
#NoDACA
We lock our doors to keep out trespassers. We can use threat of lethal force as a deterrent. Works in my neighborhood. Works good on the border. Don't be soft because children are being used as human shields. Only criminal parents use children in commission of crimes.
They're not escaping gang violence.Probably gang members in that caravan.
These people are child traffickers, drug dealers, arms dealers...they are not innocent asylum seekers.
Mexico has proven again that they are not our friend by not stopping this. If these people are allowed to enter then there will be a flood of migrants pouring in and devastating the already overwhelmed social services.
Need to build a big pen, kennel, to house these illegals. Take them to clean hi-ways, dig ditches, plant trees, wash windows>> In other words, earn their keep & then bring them back to the kennel every nite. No free lunch, no more.Earn their own way. Gitmo America!
Coming to America to escape gang violence?.....their nasty latin american gangs are already here, entrenched in major cities, dealing dope, running girls, smuggling and creating general mayhem. What a joke.
How about they seek protection from their own law enforcement agencies in Mexico. Oh yea, and don't let them get over the wall!! Fire hose them when they reach the top BEFORE they get a leg over! You know when & where they are coming. How hard could stopping them be?
this cost us all in Taxes for More Schools, More Police, More Welfare, on and on. Send them BACK
We American's do not want you or want to support you. GO BACK
There is only 1 thing to do with these people. Prevent them all from coming in the USA. They are not here for asylum. If we allow any of these people in for any reason it will only encourage more of the same. Let Mexico deal with them for allowing them to pass.
As they are waving their countries flags they should be dispatched to their native country as quickly as possible.
This issue is not about compassion it is first about protection which is the fiduciary obligation of a country to its citizenry
Boys and girls, turn around and go back home.
let the poster makers take care of them in Mexico
Send them back
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @marklevinshow @JudgeJeanine @LouDobbs @The_Trump_Train @IngrahamAngle @seanhannity @POTUS Close southern border until secure wall is built to stop illegal immigrants criminals terrorist drugs from invading Illegal USA
Oh, that caravan the media said Trump was lying about, that caravan?
Please do not let these people in.   We cannot afford to have any more people come in.  They don't like America they just want free health insurance, etc.
We must defend our borders or we’ll no longer be America. Today’s cute little asylum seeker is tomorrow’s problem we’ll have to deal with. They need to go home and make their country great again— not run away.
“Migrant caravan” is an open conspiracy by the American & international Left to Destroy the US by continuing a process begun by Sen. Ted Kennedy to overwhelm thru immigration
Waving that flag is not going to change anything
Sorry we’re closed!

I feel a major boycott of Mexican products coming on!!!
Go back!
That is ridiculous!!
Let them stay in Mexico.
I am an Iraqi who is currently seeking asylum in the US. The immigration system is not ideal but it has to be respected. Refugees and immigrants need to be lawfully admitted into the country or they have to find another safe country.
If they're seeking Asylum from Honduras, why are they flying Honduras flags? Don't they want to get away from there? Asylum would be in the first country they came to and that's Mexico anyway
#MAGA #QAnon #SendThemBack
Why is Fox News carrying leftist water by making it sound like this is an innocent march away from gang violence.  Why doesn't Fox instead assign a reporter to find out the extent of Soros' involvement in the funding of this globalist/no borders demonstration.
Let's get this straight they are not seeking asylum from gang violence. They are coming here to further burden our economy. Those aren't doctors and attorneys that I'm watching climbing the fence on #FoxNews #sendthemback
Why won't Mexico grant them asylum? Oh wait, they have immigration laws that they enforce as opposed to the U.S.
Send them back! I don’t want my tax dollars going for them
Pro-tip: if you want to move to a country and enjoy its benefits, then waive that country’s flag and not the country you’re fleeing #migrants
SORRY ALL SOLD OUT!!!
HAVE A NICE TIME IN MEXICO THOUGH!
Just leave them sit there till their court date
Government needs to clean up their system  and violence where is their police where is their government they're scared of the cartels
Puerto Ricans without power still but we are supposed to let these folks in all willy nilly #puertorico better start realizing who really matters to their beloved Dems.  They will let you die on that island and provide these folks asylum. #caravanofillegals #caravan #pr
These so called migrants aren't escaping gang violence.
 They are low skilled people in poverty looking to take advantage of the welfare system to get free housing, food, and schooling, all at american taxpayer expense. Americans are not obligated to take on this responsibility.
The illegals are seeking a free ride in America the cowards should take their own country’s back from crooked government and drug cartels and create a life for there children in there home county
They go to that gate and are still let in, vetted, detained, fed, probably clothed, get put into a hotel and have to appear before an immigration judge ALL on the tax payers dime! That is absolute BS! What is going on!?! I’m a tax payer and say NO to admittance!  #BuildThatWall
Nope. Send them back !!
N O
O
Chainguns, please.  Why do we even have a military if not to repel invasion?
Right, FLYING A FOREIGN FLAG, YA, THEY LOVE AMERICA
Fire tear gas yes ??
Wonder where they get the money for new tents clothes and signs???????
Interesting
A tiny little taste of what europes been experiencing
In a word.  NO!  See how easy that is.  NOOOOO.... As in go back where you came from and FIX YOUR OWN COUNTRY!

Libs are ALWAYS complaining about America being the World Police.... so WE WONT BE.  GO HOME!

#MAGA
its an invasion
Gang violence didn't stop you attending refugee coaching class, or walking through Mexico.
Those are our folks! WELCOME BIEN VIENIEDES!
I guess Michelle Wolff should have stuck to calling @PressSec A sleepy Eyed SOB. 
Or bleeding out of her face
Or who’s going to vote for that face? 
Or would you sexually assault her? just look at her. 

I guess that would’ve worked #hypocrites #whcd2018
Let Mexico have them!!!  For those that were on the fence, don't let them in period!!!!  They just want free stuff and taxpayers are to pay for it.
They should be protesting their leader, not coming here.
Let the wait until their turn comes up legally.   Do not waste tax money on them.
Send them back!
...BREAKING NEWS: legal American citizens seeking safety from gang violence in sanctuary cities and across America...
Chanting si podemos(yes we can)...NO YOU CAN'T .. Signs also calling President Trump racist in Spanish. GFY
Here's a thought go to your capital and sit there waiving your flags and have them do something about your countries gang violence.
The only asylum for a coordinated mass of migrants is the lottery of American welfare -- all expenses covered from cradle to grave for entire villages.

They don't deserve such exorbitance. No one does. Foreign citizenship isn't a "human right" to our national welfare system.
We have found those seeking asylum from that gang violence in Central America, are reconstituting once across the border, as those violent Central American gangs, and the gangs' support network,  within the United States against US citizens... #TrojanHorse
Let them stay in Mexico.
Seeking asylum from gang violence? Is it any worse that the killings in Chicago? Asking for Obama.
#CaravanOfIllegals #Caravan 

INVADING USA with OBVIOUS LAWLESS VIOLENCE! 
#MS13 
No respect for American's rule of law now or EVER! 

Americans DEMAND TURN THEM OUT! 

#BuildTheWall #buildkateswall
Dems and their open border bs is going to destroy this country.
Somebody help me with this we want to help immigrants to protect them from the dangers of their country but we can't protect our own citizens from the dangers of immigrants from other countries? #BullShit
If this is true, they can stay in Mexico.  No need to come here.
Holding their own country’s flag so proud yet so unwilling to defend it
Fox reporter is for the invasion.
They are gang violence. If they take a step on American soil, the national guard needs to fire at will.
They aren't trying to get away from Gang Violence, they are making a political statement and making a mockery of our immigration system.
Lots of gang violence in our cities. Guess they didn’t get the memo.
Where tf do WE go to escape them?? We just keep letting them in...  Smh
The gangs our marching in our country
We have laws.  If they want in, they can follow the proper procedures.
Long walk back home.
No thank you. Mexico is lovely and is the country that should give you asylum.
Stop the freeloaders who hate Americans anyways they were the ones burning the american flag in Venezuela all the time
Not a single sign saying "Please let us in" very rude invaders, not people wishing to be accepted.
We can’t have every country in the world come@here why don’t their govermemt take care of them or go to another country
Send them home on the buses they came in on
Build that F ‘n wall now ! Enough already.
@ICEgov @DHSgov @SecNielsen @POTUS 
The Far Left Judges that allow this do not respect Our Constitution
So – Screw their Laws and turn them away 
Let them sue USA because one way or another, we are going to pay
I Choose to pay to KEEP THEM OUT 
Oh boy, new neighbors ! Send in the welcome wagon !
Your going to make me believe their whole country is controlled by gangs? I don’t believe it , it’s a scam, they’re in Mexico now and once they stepped foot on Mexican soil that’s where their asylum should have begun
SEEKING WELFARE
Send these illegal immigrants back
Fox News is pretty inciting more hate towards such groups, painting them as they are gonna attack any time soon. 

Trump's motto : Get em scared , and people will vote.
The border patrol is just yards away, if the hop the fence, they will get apprehended. There’s more supporters then immigrants there.
https://www.gofundme.com/military-vet-in-need-of-help?utm_source=internal&utm_medium=email&utm_content=campaign_link_t&utm_campaign=welcome …

Click the link, read the story. Help out this #veteran in need.  He truly is a #patriot that needs our help.  

Thank you.
These migrants already speak Spanish, they are in a safe country, MEXICO  ... stay there!!
Where’s the National Guard?   Oh.  California.
KEEP THEM OUT.
BUILD A HIGHER WALL.
Well, the neighborhoods they’ll move into are full of gang violence.
They are the most violent gang at the southern border currently. They have assaulted US Border Patrol officers and border residents.
I saw if they try to cross our border they should be shot! This is a war y’all!
Sad on both sides some of them are legitimately seeking help sad because we can’t make a just and fast determination of which ones they are
Legitimate help seekers don't refuse help offered from Mexico as some of them did.
Didn’t know that will have to research thank you
If they tried that stuff at the NK border, they would be evaporated sooner than they could say ''Hi''
People try to escape NK, due to their brutal regime, rather than try to get in. SMDH
Say that again, SMH! IGNORANCE IS BLISS!!! http://r.search.yahoo.com/_ylt=AwrJ7JalBOZaUXwAiAJXNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTByOHZyb21tBGNvbG8DYmYxBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDBHNlYwNzcg--/RV=2/RE=1525052710/RO=10/RU=https%3a%2f%2fwww.msn.com%2fen-us%2ffoodanddrink%2fbeverages%2flouisiana-man-arrested-after-trying-to-defect-to-north-korea%2fvp-BBEUXYQ/RK=2/RS=EHcUlX1HEZ2CLeZeUhGo4WpDXxE- …
What in the world makes this bunch of people think they can come and stand just outside our border and tell us that we HAVE to take them in? We do not.
#MAGA #QAnon #CaravanOfIllegalls
Go home
Why do I see them waving their own flag? Wtf?! This is disgusting. I'm really sickened by this.
Don’t we have gang violence in US? Where am I supposed to run?
Mexico can give them asylum...no?
They are here for one reason only. It's getting close to midterms. So they have been paid to come here and make POTUS look bad for not letting these poor suffering people (not) into our country.
Just had another brilliant idea! Every time they come up, have them come in through El Paso. We will have escorts meet them there and escort them straight up to the Canadian border. Our friends in Canada will take them, no questions asked.
Defiance is what I can observe from some of these people.
Look they care so much, that they wave around their flags.
This is a show. A well publicized show.
Mexico needs gang violence, not refugees.
I think the Navy should “misfire a rocket”
Look at the flag being waved on the US side!
Gang violence does not get you asylum
I'm sure there's GANGS a mung them !
Maybe they should try and get "their," country to fix it so they don't feel the need to leave at all??? Why put up with that? Take your damn country back people.
That’s exactly what #USA CITIZENS need to do. A non corrupted congress would have never allowed laws to subvert our gov nor allowed this to continue. When civilians have to cry, bitch and moan about corruption you know it’s bad. #Congress #DOYOURJOBS

Alleging to seek asylum from gang violence.  How many activists are roaming other countries trying to talk them into coming to America illegally for a better life to further their politics
do not let them in this is a democratic assisted Invasion on the US and its legal citizens! They can stay in Mexico
What a mess.
Keep waiting
Let Mexico keep them
Keep them OUT
don't let them in, it's there governments fn problem, plus they will always be dems looking for hand outs.. these ppl come from shit hole country send them back or stay in Mexico.
Their seeking free food, medical, housing and money. They come here with nothing but a back pack knowing American gives free everything to illegals.

Send them back
“Seeking asylum from gang violence”? Are these people from Chicago?
If you couldn’t afford a nice life, for yourself in Honduras, or wherever then what makes you think you will in one of the most expensive states in America?
Check out the hammer and sickle emblem on the left side of the banner at 2:35 minutes
Why can’t any of these bots use English correctly? #FauxNews needs to contract with a better Twitter follower service to convince me they’re real English speaking Americans.
Let them climb up on top of the wall, they'll be easier to shoot.
We have no idea who these people are and journalists who report the truth about drug cartels are regularly murdered. I follow IldefonsoOtiz to get what little real info is available about Mexican violence
They are not welcome in US.  They should fight to make their country better, that is what we have done
Welcome them LEGALLY or send them back!  WE are tired of Liberal pandering 
Not very good for our country....at all!
Maybe we need to become a hostile country.
As long as they wave a flag other than the American Flag, they can just caravan themselves back. Stay in Mexico they need your help!
Republicans need to go nuclear and end these ridiculous loop holes allowing illegals into our country
Why don't they just seek asylum in Mexico?
If they were all armed citizens perhaps the gangs wouldn’t have been able to terrorize, take over and force them to seek asylum in the first place.  #pro2A
Stop handing out our hard earned money like camdy.
Bull cucky!
Shame on Mexico. They are playing a game. Pull manufacturing from them. Lets see how quickly tjey will remedy this.
They need to take that up with their governments.
Stay in Mexico they allowed you in their country (only because they know you won't stay). No free cuts in line. Stay and fix your own country. Join your military and police forces. Support them even physically
MEXICO SHOULD TAKE THEM IN.
OUR COUNTRY IS  BROKE 
& OUR ROOMS R FULL...
So if POTUS makes a deal with caravan to earn their USA citizenship, they must hunt down and kill ms13 members,they should be more than happy to comply ?
Mexico is shitting all over us letting this caravan just march through their entire country to our boarder. This will not help them when Trump addresses NAFTA. Good luck amigos!
Seeking asylum from "gang violence"? Welcome to LA.  Welcome to Chicago.  Welcome to Baltimore.  Everything's free in America!

Stop them!  Too bad!!!!
Keep them in Mexico.
