If Korean War finally ends and there's denuclearization on Korean Peninsula, followed by Pres. Trump's also being catalyst for an Israeli-Palestinian Peace, his accomplishments will reach historical proportions heretofore considered unattainable by any American president.
Too bad most liberals will never recognize or appreciate his efforts!  I will recognize anyone who is the catalyst for peace.
Take heart, Linda. I firmly believe there will be a turning point where recalcitrant liberals come to their senses and realize they're "resisting" the very thing they purport to be fighting for.
They'll be saying that in 2168.
Good luck with that.  The entire administration has not understanding of history and is destined for failure.
whats a palastinian ?
People who were born in the land of Palestine, not sure where it is though. I think it's south of Narnia
ya i never heard of them either must be a new model of person just discovered !! careful over there in germany brother not safe b careful 
Why is the USA involved? It's NONE OF OUR BUSINESS.
The US is not invited anymore to participate because as a favour to his son in law Jared Kushner, Jewish, & Netanyahu, Jewish, presently under criminal investigation Trump is moving the US Embassy to Jerusalem. Isreal will pay a huge price for this as the Middle East denounces
History with NKorea shows it’s not so likely.
What about America First?
Godspeed Mike!!
one problem; although u.s. may be committed, the real parties involved aren't...
Same thing was said about North Korea and South Korea, and look what's happening.
true dat... but... middle east issue is steeped in religious disagreement vs. purely political... here's to peace everywhere...
Arab initiative of 2  Stat  sollotion  #Palestine   east #JerusalemIstheCapitalofPalestine  #isreali must  except and end this sickle of blood shed
No you're not. US blocks UN independent investigations for the killings of Palestinians at the Gaza border. US encourages Israeli settlements in West Bank. US gives 3.1B/year in arms. US cuts funding to UNRWA. US protects all war crimes committed by #IDF.
Well, if you can get all the Jews to commit suicide perhaps that may please the Palestians sufficiantly. But with any living Jew there there's not going to be peace. It's just not in their blood and religion.
I know that your intentions are good and maybe you can pull it off but, in my experience, the PA wants a One State Solution @MikePompeo_
That is a good step taken for both the conutries...

You mean an IRAN DEAL that US does not pay IRAN $250 bill every JAN and JUNE in cash hidden in RED CROSS SUPPLY BINS, so IRAN CAN BUILD NUCLEAR ARMS, for IRAN to THREATEN US to get more MONEY?

SMELLS LIKE A HILLARY BRENNAN CIA IRAN DEAL!

@POTUS 
@TrishaDishes 
@GeorgWebb
You mean a IRAN DEAL that  HILLARY ISN'T SNEAKING US NUCLEAR ENERGY AND WEAPONS PLANS TO IRAN on BURNER PHONES?

@realDonaldTrump 
@jerome_corsi 
@GeorgWebb
War in Afghanistan will cost $45 billion in 2018
I pray we are successful with a NOKO and an Israeli peace agreement. It will be a sad day for Dems if we are.
Peace in Korea & Pompeo stating Administration working hard to foster peace between Israel & Palestinians. WOW, this Admin really
The apocalypse cannot happen until there is peace in Israel. Everything seems on track. 
How great is it to see this administration to do all thats been promised for decades but never done.
Mike, Actions speak louder than words
You mean what’s left of the Palestinians.
If i we're a foreign leader i would not listen to a CIA military
Liar liar
Those words don’t change how shitty we treat the Palestinian’s. Moving the embassy? Really?
Any U.S. involvement in success with peace between Israel and Palestine, strongly depends on how much money is in it for @realDonaldTrump and the @GOP. If no money is to be made, no true effort will be spent.
Even God tells us peace will never come to that region until AFTER Armageddon. To which, everyone but Israel is defeated.
After the temple is rebuilt.
I think its time for a New Challenge, "THE PATRIOT CHALLENGE". Lets call on every State to go to the Polls in November and vote the DNC out of Power by Electing a Republican
Starting with this was not a good idea...
Yeah right... and I'm the Queen of England... #whew
The world is connected at a sea.

It's first light from the east.
The south can brighten and it's warmth in the north.
The light who flows into west is gentle.
Everyone, the same expectation
You're by me.
I'm with the family.

