Just because he says it doesn't make it so. The coward should have gone himself and taken his own medicine. He can dish it but he can't take it. Pathetic Coward! #WHCD
#theignoranceisreal  glad to see you "professional" women  are all about lifting up other women!  #DemocratHypocrisy on full display for all to see.  THIS is the exact reason why we have Trump.  No one ever said lawyers were smart...you've proven that!
Oh puhleez. I don't lift up dishonesty.

All we do is win!

@realDonaldTrump 
@RealErinCruz 
#ErinCruzUSSenateCA 
http://VoteErinCruz.com 
It was great. Republicans and especially trump creatures have no sense of humor.
People can’t help how they look. It makes me sick to see other women attacking each other. If you didn’t think her jokes were funny, great. But you feel the need to attack for looks. Very telling.
The correspondence dinner was disgustingly vile. Sara Sanders took it like the lady and professional she is.  She fights everyday for the low lifes in the press to have access. She is owed a big time apology
Ok Sara.
Mr Trump should call for the immediate apology to Sarah Sanders from the WH Correspondence Org.  And the WH and taxpayers should not pay the bill going forward.  Last nights performance was vile, disgusting and more fit for a Stormy and Hillary roasting.  Pathetic 
He couldn’t attend in person because his cowardice flared up again. Sent the women in his life to take the well-deserved abuse instead.
Except it got more media coverage that his rally.
Thoughts and Prayers to all the triggered Republican Snowflakes this morning.
What's the difference between "collusion" and being in the "same bed" together? Fox needs to explain this to it's viewers.

More people are talking about the dinner than they are about his speech!! He is a jealous president!!
Trump skipped the White House Correspondent's dinner for the same reason he has not had a press conference in 437 days.

Trump is scared to be asked questions by real journalists.

This is why he only talks to Fox.
Real questions? Sure
Dennis, you have a 9-year-old account with 24 followers. Have you ever considered your comments are neither funny, nor interesting?
Cmon fox he was describing himself
With Trump's good work on N Korea, the gdp being up, unemployment at the lowest rate for every segment of society, the economy surfing, and about 10 other good things(in his1st yr) you might want to look up the definition of the word bust

And he is anything but boring
If only he was responsible for any of that...
@realDonaldTrump should scrap the White House correspondence dinner from here on out. Enough!! Joking wasn’t the goal here. Mocking and berating the highest office in the country in a dinner to celebrate journalism is unacceptable. @seanhannity @TuckerCarlson @marthamaccallum
You mean people making fun of those who've been bullying them for the last year?
Liberals march wearing vagina hats in protest then they applaude and condone woman  mocking a conservative woman in a public forum... #HYPOCRITES
So boring literally everyone is discussing it right now.
#MAGA are SUCH Snowflakes.

C'mon peeps, it was.....

"JUST LOCKER ROOM TALK" @TheRickWilson 
Maybe he should give the dinner a try. Instead he’s out campaigning and spewing how wonderful he is. If only he would give the other world leaders praise & acknowledge that they all have a part in this Korean deal. But no this narcissistic president will never do that.
Someone needs to tell the democrats the difference between a correspondence dinner and a roast.

You should be proud you should have thought it was just great people are learning how to punch back just like him saying whatever wants to roll out of their lips you can't be critical of one person and not have another when they stand behind a bully pulpit
US auto sales dropped 8%; Ford is shedding most of its car lineup; and GM is cutting 1,500 jobs. #disgrace
LOL. All the thin-skinned .  Little Donnie can dish it out but the little bitch sure can’t take it. #barrontrump @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS #HOTUS


This presidency is like an episode of The Twilight Zone,just wish I could change the channel.
These tweets are hilarious, libs are TRIGGERED
Cons seam to be more pissy over it than anyone else.


Never heard of this the "comedian" but she looks like Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Thanks for confirming my vote for the right side. Dems are so unfunny it's pathetic.
@michelleisawolf was hilarious. Trumpy and his VILE minions LIE about everything.
Trump melts like a snowflake. There, I fixed your headline

LOL ... poor Trump's jealous it's getting more press than his lunatic fringe cult rally


This is as opposed to @StormyDaniels bust, which he didn't think was boring at all.
As his ridiculous followers like to say...
Ha ha 3 likes...
Ha ha 6 followers
That is because he can’t take a joke. Actually, he can’t take anything besides praise and adoration.
Looks like he’s taking all the lefts evil and destroying it little by little. It’s a shame the Left chooses to bash all women by bashing our beautiful smart @PressSec. Don’t worry it will come back to bite you. #Trumpwinning
Did you see where press secretary Hucka-Sanders went to the MSNBC after party last night??? So obviously not all women think like you do, including Ms. Sanders.
Apparently you haven’t been paying attention...
Ha.  Insults. It’s what those who are unable to formulate intelligent conversation turn to. May I suggest you change the channel.  I read enough FoxNews without listening to  you spit out some more.
White House correspondence dinner was filled with bile anti America so called journalists. Really folks, these are disgusting people with no sense of love or loyalty to America.
For once he is correct. The only thing more boring than that is Fox News, or should I say Fox entertainment.

Your presidency is stolen and useless.
I listened to parts of that stupid correspondence dinner which was more than I could handle.  Thank goodness I got to watch our President Trump give a great speech.
This is President. Who called most honorable & prestigious WHCD as Boring Bust. Firstly he insulted them by breaking the long time tradition to skip & not attending. Now passing such remarks. This is big embarrassment. Shows only Trump ego & selfish powers.
One of thousands acts of ugliness showing you reap what you sow:
Wow, those Michelle Wolf jokes were really cruel at the White House Correspondents Dinner
let's get back to the good ole days of wholesome humor
you know the one's about the disabled that aren't…
Boring ? LOL
MAGA Snowflake alert!
#WHCD host Michelle Wolf: “Trump’s so broke. How broke is he? He had to borrow money from the Russians and now he’s compromised and susceptible to blackmail and possibly responsible for the collapse of the republic!”
"Big bust" are two words that will describe his dumpster fire, one term presidency.
He is right!
#Triggered
Fox “News” blurs reality with trump PR headlines and doesn’t report on the very unpresidential performance crazy shit said at his last rally.

He didn’t have the guts to attend.  Wimpy trumpy.
I thought it was great
The WH dinner should never be aired   On tv.  It is a private celebration that has degraded annually into a vulgar/bullying activity.  The board of directors of the press Corp failed all Americans & owe Sarah/all an apology.  Bullying/vulgarity is unnecessary at awards banquet.
Anything but boring!

Dude, I saw trump open at Purgerfest...Epic!
Not as boring,as having to listen to you rant,and rant a load of rubbish,there is no one more boring than you,
#MAGA
When the Democrats win the House back, I can't wait for them to get your tax returns. Man are you in trouble.
Boring but hilarious !
Well THATS a surprise!! 
He would know a boring bust. His presidency could be the poster child for one.
How would he know? Trump was in Michigan at a pep rally to feed his needy ego.
NO YOU AND YOUR BUYYING CREW COULDN’T TAKE THE HEAT!!!!


Agree. Fox "comedy" news is more funny.
Many people are saying Trump is brazen common-kissing nut-hook
LOL, @realdonaldtrump is so bad covering up that he wanted to be at WHCD, but he was too scared to show his face. Afraid of being joked about and not "adored". What a #weak #poor buffoon. Pretends he likes being with non-elites, only to get their money and praise. 
#1stAmendment
And the only ones agreeing with in these comments are #TrumpTrolls and #BannonBots! 

#BotsDontWatchTV
#BotsDontRally
#BotsDontVote

#RESIST!

Typical DEMONcrats.
LoL..just a gathering of Seditious  Liars and $oros $tooges.
The correspondents dinner is an utter joke. Why in the hell should any President attend this ambush and assault on Trump and conservatives?!!
The Rally was great! The WHCD was its usual dried up chicken , Oh no that was the comedian! Michelle Wolf, she looked like a dried up chicken and sounded like on too! Horrible jokes. Waste of a night is an understatement. 
Thanks for calling out the elites!
Lol!
Michelle Wolf was disgusting...
I thought you guys were "anti political correctness"?
Nasty woman!!
 MAGA got their feelings hurt 
A real waste of the Trumps time !!! The rally was fabulous!!!
No fan of Trump, but Dinner/Roast went too far & did themselves harm giving Trump ammunition.
Should have taken the high road & not mention him..NO attention given at all. Instead, focus on their continued watch & reporting of truth, support of fledgling reporters & scholarships.
Thin-skinned @POTUS....SAD
Hahahaha.... Nice try. He's the boring bust!!!

LMAO!  Hey Trump your still talking about it so I guess it was memorable not like your screwed up rallies.
Michelle Wolf was not funny. She was vulgar and disrespectful. She’s such a successful comedian I haven’t talked to ANYBODY who had heard of this loser...
I know... this was much more entertaining
TRUMP: Are there any Hispanics in the room?

[crowd boos]…
THE CROWD BOOS!!!
Like most library events
Dotard wasn't scared,he would have been there,but his "bone spurs" were playing up again...fact...
You chose the right place to me, but, inside my heart, sure wish you had attended the CAP meeting, where Marines and their families stood up, and spoke with incredible courage, hoping that our USA would finally give the Camp Lejeune Marine Veterans justice When?
Sarah you showed such class! What happened to the me to movement, like everything else it’s one sided!
The left thinks its funny to mock someones looks.
Sarah insulted/ what trash!
I know, they didn’t talk about his GIANT election win, or bulld the wall, or Nobel prize, or kanye, or Hillary, or her emails, or any of the important stuff. How boring!

Republicans, if you were offended last night...don’t worry, it was only “locker room talk”.....
How does he know? Trump was too cowardly to attend, and deliberately set up an alternative function to explain his absence. Chicken-shit!
Actually @PressSec should get apology from her dad @GovMikeHuckabee for putting her in the deplorable situation in which she finds herself every day: needing to KNOWINGLY lie to the world to defend an impulsively compulsive liar  driven by narcissistic self destruction. Poor her.
Trump delusional and sad, he should have gone instead of wasting taxpayers money out campaigning his propaganda.
It was. As boring his speach. Nil-nil.
Donald Trump is so broke ... 

How broke is he ???
China says they are not expansionist in the region...three words... tell that to the 1)Tibetans,2)Taiwan,and the Sprattly islands!!!..they are using their economic leverage on countries that oppose them...Donald J Trump's got balls!!!



The coward in charge can't take a joke. Poor baby
He wasn’t there.  He ran away to hold a rally for his ego!
Reason it is boring. The press and elites don't love him. He can't fire them. So he avoids them. Along with no sense of humor. That is a serious mental defect.....
It’s sad, the news media has really gone to New lows
True story
Just because he says that, doesn’t make it true


He was scared to attend. Not a good look for the con-man.
How would he know? He was busy building his ego
Once again Trump’s instincts prove right. Skip the dinner with the sicko’s.
That's because he thinks it makes him look better by disparaging the opposition. SWING AND A MISS. VERY EMABARRASSING!
He'll say anything! Meanwhile at his rally he said the same BS and lies! Had the 2 or three black people at rally strategically placed behind trump!
Hello fox
Mr. President. You absolutely made the right decision skipping that clusterfuck last night. The highlights (lowlights) I've seen, were terrible. Just bunch of classless humor and boring rhetoric. Great, great foresight sir.
The same people every rally? Why do they keep begging me to go to each one? Ridiculous
didn't Obama roast him back in 2011


Because he can’t take it , he can only just dish it out, President Coward
No mention of lots of people leaving long before his verbal diarrhea was over?
Every living breathing American should be mad as hell on how the left treats people !!!! Sara did not deserve the treatment she got. That dinner was a horrible event. Making jokes about abortions - sickening !!!
Donald Trump is VERY SENSITIVE.
Yet about 7 of the topics trending on twitter are about #WHCD #SarahSanders and #TrumpIsSoBroke Someone is just sad no one cares about his little rally. #Sad
I didn't even know the WHCD was on, I watched the trump rally. And who the eff is wolf?
Seems to be the talk of the nation.
Was he there? No. He didn't have the spaldings to show up.
*runs away from. Trump runs away from the #WHCD, like he always runs away from journalists.
Real news
He should know, mirrors his time as a public servant
Not nearly as funny as the joke Trump told that started out with "Are there any Hispanics in the room?" Boy, that was a riot.

It probably was stuffy!!
I found your Michigan rally a boring bust.
It was a total disaster. I was shamed !!!! Very disgusting !!! I can’t believe Americans act like this !!!!
"It's 2018 and I'm a woman, so you cannot shut me up, unless you have Michael Cohen wire me $130,000," cracked host-comedian Michelle Wolf.
How would you know? You were too scared to attend cadet bone spurs

Has anyone ever seen him laugh? Not normal.
Typical viewership of the Correspondence Dinner. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #FakeNewsMedia #FakeNewsCNN #DemocratsHateAmerica
How would u know unless U were obsessively glued to ur TV watching? Thin skinned loser. Btw is was hilarious!
Most PETTY POTUS ever!!
They are continuing to make massive fools of themselves.  Too bad SHS and others had to suffer through it but their gracious suffering was needed to expose their vitriolic hate.
I have a hard time understanding why anyone thinks Trump is a great guy. I have seen NOTHING to like about him. I would never allow him in my home. He is a ignorant, unpleasant bragart. He can not talk about anything but how great he is.
Next year none of the Trump administration should go. The #WHCD has become the equivalent of a celebrity roast. It would be like having Harvey Weinstein as the keynote speaker at the NOW annual convention.
The way these people treated Sarah Sanders is absolutely disgusting and disrespectful and I want Sarah to know that this Indiana Hoosier has her back and wants her to know she is loved! SAD! SAD! SAD! Drive on Sarah you are doing a GREAT Job! God Bless you and your family!
She does nothing but lie. Not impressed
Am embarassment to the whole country.
Stormy’s Bust Must less boring than Melania’s Bust... He does know a lot about busts - and pussy grabbing.
Is he allowed to comment on an event he chose not to attend?
It wasn't nearly as exciting as hearing the rants of a madman, but it was still good.
Well there really is nothing funny about @realDonaldTrump so it was best that he didn’t go and instead took the time to attack Puerto Rican  and Mexican people and minorities
Too bad the pussy snowflake President hasn’t the sack nor the intellect to sit through a dinner for the 1st amendment institution & ppl that he denigrates daily. His intellect is so low he can’t tell the difference between satire & seriousness.
Correspondents dinner? Where were they? The only jokers in the room were media hacks and washed up comedians. Time to end the ‘tradition’ until we find a few correspondents to attend.
Orange face is such a clown.
Boring - not one “Nobel” chant 
Really disappointed in Bret Bair interview with Comey...Comey wiggled every response without Bair pressing,Comey good at lawyer twist, Bret caught off guard, disappointed!
Everybody knows he playing this Michigan rally to boost his ego so he can pull the attention from this correspondent First Amendment dinner to himself
Fox News retweets Trump.
Dark and depressing.
Nope, it wasn't a boring bust, it was however, mean-spirited. Unfortunately typical liberal put-down humor. Two wrongs or three wrongs, don't make a right.
Back to Fox News for real facts I had my fun today terrorizing CNN . I explained that Fox has more viewers then CNN whish means the 2018 election favors republicans . :)
So true!
Well, once again, he’s NOT wrong
getting so nasty at those dinners you might as well not have them anymore.
Go Figure DRAFT DODGER DONNIE COWERED in a CORNER, stuck his Finger in a SHITHOLE and said "what a good boy Am I"
If you take your thumbs out of your ears you would hear all the good Trump has done
I wonder whether anyone at the WH Correspondents Dinner joked about Obama not being intelligent enough to negotiate a stairway for his airplane during his trip to China. 
Trump is neck deep in scandals that include numerous instances of possible #Treason - not only with Russia but also China and Saudi Arabia - and you're dredging up that old story? #sad
Uhhhh. You are as fake as Trump..with your great reporting you do not get that he did not watch the dinner? #fakenews Wonder why @foxnews did not win any awards..HAHAHAHAHA

#NoBullying 
Apparently the #WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner  is all for #Bullying & promotes it. #parents I hope you did not allow your children to listen to this. It was the biggest #Bully promoting party ever.

@realDonaldTrump should request FCC suspend all.
A real sleeper! 
Wastefull of the money Spending on The food and you not do Team work. 
He is right but it was s hate fill boring bust!
Like a trump rally.
