3w
Time to ask - 1) Why is Mexico not securing THEIR side of the border? and, 2) Why do many Central and South American countries fail, generation after generation, to provide stability and opportunity for their citizens?
#AmericaFirst #BuildtheWall
Mexicans think this is “their” land and want it to destroy it like Mexico
YES! Mexico DID help them with the HELP of Pueblo Sin Fronteras, Alex Mensing and PALESTINES in GAZA

Reason WHY? This MASS CROSSING IS:  PALESTINE STYLE

This is how they do it in the Israel/Gaza BORDER

IF WE allow this MASS CROSSING today more WILL follow
Let Mexico keep them.  Their turn.
just don't let them in
Then tell them to ask mexico for asylum and turn them around if they refuse tell them they will be treated like  invaders
So, break the law? Yeah, that'll learn 'em!
Since they are in Mexico that’s where they should seek asylum if Mexico rejects them then the U.S Immigration can look at their request
Might need some tough sanctions on  Mexico!!
Mexico can't just act as a road!
The problem is NIMBY (Not in my back yard). As long as illegals don't directly affect the officials in Mex. ,people in DC, the governor of Calif. Nancy Pelosi, or any of the people in state and local govt., nothing will be done.
Start talking about the taxpayer cost for these people ! Stop them please. Impact to social services and school systems should be openly discussed. Every@parent with children in public schools knows! Hold Congress until laws are changed!
The cost is welfare, free medical, no insurance when they drive, killers, they work for cash, free education, in state tuition, etc
Undocumented workers do not get free medical (exception: ER thanks to Reagan) or welfare.

Undocumented workers pay taxes.

Stop spreading untruths. Christ is watching.
This is total bs to let those people in.
Jesus would let them in.
And I’m sure financially you would support these families?

Considering what happened during last night's White House Correspondents Dinner, should they be considered as a hate group?
Mexico doesn’t want to share the gravy train.
Mexico doesn’t want South Americans.  So they help South Americans get to the US so they can be our problem!  And Mexico adds a few of theirs they want rid of.  These are hostile acts.
Thanks Capitan Obvious.
And the US just bends over and TAKES it.
And that's why they do it. Because they can.

And you (American idiots)? You are powerless to stop them. What's it called when someone forces themselves on you? Oh yeah, RAPE. RAPE is about power not sex. POWERLESS
Fact free "entertainment".
Notice how there is no proof given.
Out of curiosity, who is paying for the busses?
mexico isn’t necessarily a friend...it certainly cares not one whit about US national security. it depends on the US economy for much of the cash that is spent in mexico.
I think They should stay in Mexico. Whose paying for BUSES, TENTS, FOOD, CLOTHING, AND FUEL TO MOVE THOSE ILLEGALS?
Biggest Ponzi scheme ever, we basically own Mexico with all of the tax free money bring sent there!!!
Ya think?
True / they can keep them!!
Simple means of defense. Build The Wall and upgrade the borders security technology...
#SanctionMexico
Fox and the deplorables’ bogeyman is anything Mexican! Maybe let’s make America Mexico Again! #Covfefe
why are you taking  MEDICARE away from the older white males that voted for you people......why ....who is getting all this money
We need to turn the convoy away when they rush the border this week.
I DON'T care if the Mexicans,  Democrats, or any organization stops President Trump from furthering his agenda for the next 2 years! He has done enough to get my vote in 2020!
You’re getting jury duty.

"Hannity is a very wealthy man. So is Donald Trump. It appears that part of the way they became rich was by decrying welfare for poor folks, then grabbing it for themselves," writes Paul Begala via @CNNOpinion https://cnn.it/2FnvVDb 
#BuildTheWall #NoChainMigration #NoVisaLottery #eVerifyNow
Porous borders are beneficial to Mexico.Instead of refuge it becomes transit!!
Nice tents. Support for these people comes from the hate for Trump. Challenge at border is to poke a finger in his eye. Sad power play.
Border crossings are at a 25-year low.
As if Republicans give a s**t about facts. 
And clearly neither do Democrats
Did you pick that up from a 5-year old? That is the adult version of "no you, no you, no you."

 
Put ankle  monitors  on them at border
When seeking asylum as a refugee, aren't you required to register as a refugee in the 1st country you arrive in??  That would be Mexico...Why isn't the UN enforcing the law.  The US has the right to turn them away back to Mexico
Why does everyone appearing on Fox News look insane? Do they put something in their coffee?

Makes sense, @realDonaldTrump, if Mexico is allowing people to transit their country to illegally enter the USA, why aren't they held accountable? Let them keep the people there while their entry to the USA is sorted out.
Hispanic is not a race. Protecting your borders and controlling who comes into your country is not hate. Without borders you don't have a country.
Tell that to Native Americans. DERP
Its time to make Mexico Pay. Get them where it hurts, their Pocketbook.

edm baby song 3~ 
“An asylum seeker must prove that he or she has a well-founded fear of PERSECUTION based on one or more of five grounds:
Race.
Religion.
Nationality.
Membership in a particular social group.
Political opinion.”

How do these people qualify? Where does it say “fear alone”?
I am not surprised Mexico is helping these scrubs. I just watched their presidential election debate for the primary...same crap every 6 years
Invaders and infiltrators, not "undocumented migrants."
Stirring up some Racial hatred for breakfast?
TO QUOTE GOMER PYLE SURPRISE SURPRISE
Who?
Bye-bye. I'll help you pack.
 #FBRParty 
Help #1Voice @1VoiceForMe, a worldwide movement to stop hate: Copy, repost & RT this tweet - WE WILL RETWEET it:

@HateDivides
@ReplyToBeLoved
@CareToBeLoved
@TwittleDonny
@PenceImpeach
@TMeAndiB
@HappyMeYoBe 

WE FB If you:
 Like
 Retweet
 Comment
