LMAO You got that RIGHT! Obama did NOTHING!

Oh sorry Yes! He did Something:

He empowered the Black Panthers movement and PROMOTED MARXIST Che Guevara T shirts, he promoted Violence against Police Officers. So there! I said it
You said it well my friend
"We gave… President Obama the Nobel prize" "We"??? When did you become a member of the Nobel Prize Commission??

No no, Obama got it because he was black, so not for nothing but nearly
.@Trump sad !   
- Golf 150 days.  
- The travel ban.  
- Many children and adult deaths, mass shootings.   
Do not get the #NobelPeacePrize  @analysisnytimes

I luv when I get on here reply to some libertards comment and they block me and run to their safe place good stuff
amen

I’d NO DOUBT fr.dayOne MrTRUMP would bPRES & oneOf BEST inHistory…already THERE..noDOUBT collusion w/ #Russia #China & OTHERS since Kennedys Strengthened byClintons & Obama ILLEGAL business UNDER Table would b over w/”Mr T”..noDoubt #NKorea…
So you want to give it to Donald for doing next-to-nothing?
Does this guy think he is on the Nobel prize committee?
What are you talking about? “We” don’t “give” the Nobel Peace Prize.
Then you’ll definitely give it to Trump for doing less than nothing!!
Does Trump deserve a Noble Peace Prize?
Nobel Prize? ..  jerk make America more racist then it's ever been. #fail #usa #America #MAGA
We ... ? I believed it was the Norwegian Nobel Committee that was responsible for that.
True, but the point is he had not done anything to earn it.
I know.
In September 1938, Adolf Hitler was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for the Munich Accords which UK Prime Minister Chamberlain promised would bring Peace in our Time. Less than a year later Hitler started WWII with FAKE GLEIWITZ Incident. Not a path I would emulate Geraldo.
Or south Korea who actually stopped the escalation to spite Trump immature war hawking. He won't feel like a president until he beats someone up.
Exactly...he's done not a damn thing to deserve it
The shady garbage Iran deal..and goin into Syria...and ripping that counrty up does not deserve a nobel peace prize...ffs
Obama received it for being the first black president in the history of the USA. That did show that no matter who u are you have the same opportunity as anyone else in this country. Unfortunately  he was in my opinion an unsuccessful anti-American president.
This is, by far, the dumbest thing I've heard all week.
The Nobel committee is Not going to consider a criminal
Sure they will they gave Obama one
That was a sad day for America. .please tell me again why he got it...there's no way they give it to my potus..wrong so wrong
He got it for winning an election and because he wasn't Bush if I remember correctly.
Is that all
Afraid so. He was newly elected and hadn't done anything yet. I think it was more of an international shot at Bush.
I think it was because ..oh hell never mind..should of never happened
Armed racists who killed someone and donny called them "very fine people".  Get real.
not what he said. He said there were some good people on both sides and there were.If antifa hadn’t shown up there would have been zero violence and the whole rally would have been forgotten 10 minutes after it was over.
His comments were directed at the white nationalists.  I've come to expect such a lack of morals from tRumpers.
no they weren’t, it was directed at the attendees, some of which were to just protest the statues coming down. Believing that America should look after America isn’t a bad thing.
I'm glad your morals allow you to justify the a white national murdering Heather.  Tell that to your devil.
No you you gave Obama Nobel price for talking shit .
håller med...det gick lite för snabbt där !?
Participation Trophy?
By all means, let's give a "peace prize" to someone who threatens to obliterate a nation with "fire and fury." What a pack of idiots. Face it - Obama's is bigger than @realDonaldTrump
You gave him nothing
Damn it. I hate agreeing with a @FoxNews headline.
You sir are not part of the awards committee. You have President Obama nothing but insults.
He was aTRUE GENTLEMAN not like BIG LIER that is occupying the WH at this time who is a FAKE #45!
So Trump deserves the peace prize for bullying via twitter? Interesting.
He talked a good game though. Unfortunately it didn't help
Osama sold our souls to the devil for his prize!!!


You didn't give "O" anything, the norwegian nobel committee did.
So what I hear is we are now a country made up of selfish people that cannot do the right thing unless we are rewarded? EMBARRASSING.
Yawn
He was given the Nobel for having a darker shade of skin tone.  Nothing more, nothing less.
His opinion is irrelevant but he has nice hair.
Jajaaj stupid people
For being a globalist
@FoxNews @GrecianFormula
bho un-did the good of many of his dem & gop potus predecessors.
It’s true the Obama peace prize was premature. That’s no reason to award the prize to a bigot whose main actions are to tweet bellicose ramblings.
Unbelievable and undeserved.
Everyone knows why Obama got the Nobel and it's for that
? Why
Theoretically he deserves 8 of them then
Obama should be ashamed he accepted that prize.
Stop fooling yourself @grecianformula you and the world knows that Donald Trump hasn't done a damn thing and don't deserve a NPP.  President  @BarackObama honestly achieved his NPP and that's a fact.
They gave it to Obama for doing nothing but then he felt obligated not to do anything even when people were being slaughtered. So only thing it did was make Obama a weak/worse leader & made USA appear weak. He didn’t believe in peace through strength.
Unlike #Obama the #dronekiller, @realDonaldTrump has finally brought peace between the two #Koreas after decades of the Cold War! Now it's up to the #Nobel Prize Committee!
Be fair.  Obama received the Nobel for not being George W. Bush.
Essentially? He absolutely did nothing.
We know why he got the prize, so obvious
@seanhannity @JudgeJeanine 
“...oh my, O-bummer!”
Obama was only ever 1 big GIF > you know hollow > meaningless > fake & a fantasy.
isn't being the first something?
Neil Armstrong was first man on the moon!  In my opinion, he did more for the advancement of science, and the human race, but I don't think he got the Nobel prize?
Y’all really this stupid hey.. Nobel prize for what?
The guy has a point!

Trump is known as a pointless rotten ton of unpleasant pony intestines
Then whats that make the last 3 presidents who couldnt get it done.
What done
Bringing kim fat to the table for denuclearization talks
Right. By keeping us at the edge of nuclear exchange by constantly insulting and provoking "little rocket man". He has nothing to do with this.
If you really believed that the ckearly your joists dumb as Maxine waters  and Sheila Jackson Lee. Or you'just wanna cry about Trump and will alway take the opposite view. Either way you have no principals
