He is being investigated
It's unfortunate the viewers of @MSNBC , @CNN will never hear this information. They don't seem to know what's truly happening in the USA or IN THE WORLD for matter.
The president WAS AND IS under investigation. In fact, he is under investigation on multiple fronts.
At Fox News, Hillary Clinton, Comey, and everyone else is under investigation except for Trump.  They have to keep their boss, I mean, POTUS happy.
What a crook coney. The liberals in this country were so excited when they thought The FBI had something on Trump. But NO all LIES. And Now he's showing everyone how to run a country once you've drained the swamp
He told the world that the FBI reopened Hillary investigation right before the election even though the FBI is NOT supposed to make such a public announcement. So yeah Comey is at fault for a lot of things
Dissemination campaign to divert time attention and resouces away from THE HIGH CRIMES OF TREASON that Obama and those serving in his administration committed.And allow Obama the time to continue to try and achieve his goal of unseating "the Imperialist US"

So Comey (and the other FBI brass) was out to get both Clinton and Trump????
Are you serious: 
Both campaigns were obviously being investigated, but for different reasons.
You can't have it both ways.
Clinton being half-assedly investigated to clear her from crimes she committed. Trump being scorched earth investigated to pin him with crimes they hadn't even identified, much less proved. Worst FBI ever.
If Trump is innocent, then why is the man seemingly so damned worried?
And why are #MAGA persons so worried?
Be brave: 
Let Mueller complete his work, and let the chips fall where they may.
We need a complete and utter collapse of the Left Wing agenda. People who are the Real criminals like Obama, Clinton, Comey, need to be humiliated in public and go to prison, or worse, be arrested, tried, convicted, imprisoned AND Executed for treason.
Liar, liar, pants on . The @FBI Investigation of Trump started during the June/July 2016 Campaign.
They were investigating the president. Claiming otherwise was just another lie Comey was telling the president. Just hadn't found anything. Witch hunt. Worst FBI agent ever.
Can’t drain the swamp that way#term limits #Maga
Comey telling the MSM what to report (leaking), then telling the committee that he couldn’t exactly tell the MSM that they have their reporting incorrect 
maria fucker nunes was the first one whom come out with the dossier bs probably knowing it was fake so.....
COMEY = SEDITION
Rep. Nunes was part of the Trump transition.  He should not be within 100 yards of any investigation of the president.  What a double standard.
Why should Comey make it public?  Wouldn't it make Comey look silly if they found something on Trump after saying he was not being investigated.  I think we should wait until Mueller finishes his investigation before commenting.
Federal judge says there could be an indictment ahead for Trump lawyer Michael Cohen. https://on.msnbc.com/2KmELVx 

When will Fake Fox Propoganda Network be investigated for breaking every ethical law there is.  Nothing but lies
Well, he's being investigated now. Maybe it was unwise of him to say he fired Comey over "the Russians thing" Ya think?
You still think he’s not being investigated?

Well he certainly told the country about reopening the HRC email investigation.
@realDonaldTrump is being investigated! Plain and simple. Stop the #FakeNews
Plenty of public knowledge about the collusion/conspiracy against the US. #RESIST #ImpeachTrump
(THREAD) There are bombshell revelations deeply damaging to Trump in the just-released HPSCI report written by Trump's allies and agents in the House. This thread discusses them via a deep dive into the timeli…
What's funny is that everything claimed by Abramson has been disproven.
Funny? Link to everything being disproven? Its mostly proven facts, so highly doubt that. Apparently you didn't actually read it.
What a WASTE of time and money......I am so disappointed in FBI...Democrats and Republicans....waste waste and more waste someone needs to be accountable.
But it's ok for Hillary's minions to lie, cheat, steal and break laws for her?
He'll No Hillary should be in jail.....along with many FBI agents and other Democrats
Did the same with Hillary email during early voting. 
He helped her lose.
Hillary lost all by herself. She didn’t need any help.
Never campaign.
Hidden sever.
Bleach wash, what like with a rag?
Front of congress for 11 hrs.
Half of America was deplorable.
And falling 3 times.
I could just keep going.
Feed questions 
DNC screwed sanders voters.
She lost
The thing is,I personally know 6 family members who were on the fence and changed their direction away from her because at the time the American public was not told of the context of the reopened emails. 
Not until it was too late. 
Fortunately it will be marked for history books
Your ref the Guardian is not a good place to start for real info.
People didn’t not like the direction the country was heading.
Also Hillary was a flawed candidate.
Should have ran joe and he would be in the Whitehouse.
Thank your family members for me.
You asking me to thank them is all the ‘real info’ I require to hold fast to my thoughts on Comey helping Trump. 
Thank you.
What meds are you on.
That made NO sense.
Pls. Don’t try to explain.
I get it. U hate trump.
I hated obama .
All good.
And  old hill did lose.
And she lost by a landslide.
Because Fox News is a safe space for you. http://fox2now.com/2016/12/21/popular-vote-finalized-in-presidential-election/ …

She broke records. 
She broke boundaries. 
I don’t respect Trump enough to hate him. 

Once again,thank you for thanking my family members for changing their minds after the new Comey email allegation surfaced. ;)
This man has no credibility!!
So what?
How far does this have to go before the wheels fall off?  The whole investigation was to remove the President.  Failing miserably!
Comey told Trump he would not say publically that Trump wasn't being because if he did, and then Trump's status changed, he would need to announce that publically.
His butt should be in jail juvenile deleaker

Target vs subject?
Its criminal but why has nothing g been done about it
Then what's Mueller doing??? Hmmm
The Trump campaign was being investigated.
The #ComeyCharade
Amazing, he served thru 3 administrations with nary a complaint till Pinocchio got elected.
Doublespeak by Comey should not be a surprise.
[[[ Jared Kushner’s Criminal Deal With Israel Behind U.S. Involvement In Syria  For Genie Energy’s Control of the Golan Heights
https://mobile.twitter.com/ohenryhernandez/status/980984615086116864 … ]]]

#TrumpNetanyahu #KushnerAdelson
#RepublicanJewishCoalition #AIPAC

Sure, president is not being investigated! xD
Mid terms can’t come fast enough. Blue wave!
But millions went into Comey and Muellers pocket knowing that they were investigating nothing.
Yahtzee!
Resign old pig  now
US Corps Invests $500m In Afghan Projects | TOLOnews
No. He actually went out of his way not to mention the investigation publicly before the election.
Uh no he never did that....man you people are awful even at making up fake news . #hacks
He is a subject in this investigation. A subject can go to a target in a NY minute. And it will too. Trump is guilty as hell and y'all are protecting a traitor to our country. I don't know what motivates you to such heights of shameful behavior, but it is not too late to stop.
Why do Republicans thieves & liars lie so much? 

Comey commented correctly on an investigation that was and is about Trump’s campaign. 

You thieves & liars forget he didn’t comment correctly about the Hillary campaign, which was supposedly why he was fired.
Earth-shattering news!!! Holy smokes why aren't people... Oh forget it.
FBI protocol is to not comment on investigations, meaning they don’t confirm or deny.

“Broadcasting live, from deep within the president’s ass...”
He couldn't be sure that the President would not be investigated very soon, and lo and behold....
Lol.
@solentgreenis

Thunder!!!!! We are the storm!!!!!

#NotABot 
#SchiffholeIsARussianBot
You may not be a bot but you sure play one on Twitter.
Many people are saying Trump is a bad ass-full of rude impertinent horse pus
