Trump deserves the nobel peace prize
For calling Kim "Little Rocket Man" and bragging about the size of his button?
That's who South Korea is crediting.  You think this would've happened without Trump?  I don't think so.
Fake news, Fox entertainment strikes again!

South Korea’s Foreign Minister telling CNN that “clearly credit goes to President Trump” is priceless. 
They're going to "shut down" the nuke testing site that collapsed and was rendered unusable?
#Rocketman making good decisions. #Ripples Congratulations N&SKorea
Great work president Trump. This never would've been thought of, let alone planned on, under odumbo. #MAGA
Is this the mountain that collapsed making it dangerous and unusable?
I would I guess I would close it up too as it's full of dangerous chemicals, it's also harmful to his people.

#TrumpNobelPrize
 for this? do you think Trump caused the lab to cave in?
Liberals are truly delusional LOL
How so?
He is closing it because it has caved in on itself. His last test destroyed it you fools
You have no clue what your talking about.  Stay off twitter unless it's something you know something about.
Triggered moron
Förståndigt av Kim !!  Bra ...alla länder i Världen måste ta bort sina kärnvapen...det hör inte ihop med en högt civiliserad värld !!   Eller hur President Trump och alla andra Presidenter och ledare !?
GREST job POTUS. Where wimps have failed before. Now bring it home
NK crossed a point of no return after relentless threats against US, nuclear testing, and hostage taking / murder of US citizens. No negotiating with this regime.
unfortunately I'll believe it when I see it
Kim is young and seeks US & world attention by using nuke threat. He needs carrot & hard stick. If he is promised a good place in world stage  along side SOKO and US & no regime change, there's more benefit for him to abandon nuclear than risking being obliterated by US
Prayers up. But we can never let our guard down
Thank you
You mean the one that already collapsed?
Hopefully they don't actually nuke it.

V @TIME @Sun – at Heavens kitchen
Trump for 2021 
Give your people a chance to live.
Won’t say it too loudly but it was physically falling apart so they may not of had much choice
360 degree turn around hahaha
Remember this Faux news ? You did run this story after all ! This is the real real reason test site is being closed! Sorry to pee on your trump parade but it’s nothing to do with the orange one !
Spread hate not love with your irony
Also President Trump should send back home American soldiers in order Koreans' re-union dream commences.
LOL at people saying this site collapsing is why this is happening.  Do you know how many tunnels this country has???? Half the country is underground.  They even have tunnels going under the DMZ into SK.  That site collapsing has nothing to do with it.  They are tunnel masters.
Methinks the test site was closed a while back when the mountain caved in on itself and the Chinese said ENOUGH! The threat of a radiation leak closed the site months ago.
It was one that’s already been destroy by the testing he has done. It’s not a real consession. Don’t you guys ever research anything? Or is it just your job to see how many times you can repeat “Maxium Pressure Campaign” in 8 minutes?
Thanks #QArmy and ofc @realDonaldTrump 
Great President Trump 
now time to denuclearization of PAKISTAN they help North Korea
More good news - sanity reigns at last.
#ThankYouPresidentTrump
 What are you thanking Trump for? Source for him causing their lab to fail and force it closed?
Kim Jong Un is no longer the craziest man with nukes—and it’s terrifying because it’s our POTUS! #MAGA #GOP #Korea
They blew it up and it caved in. The Chinese are scared about its containment. So it is closed alright.
Fantastic news.
Are we not reporting that he has to close it? He accidentally blew it up and radiation is leaking.
It’s quite deceiving
It caved in after the last test. Try and keep up.
