But I thought entertainers were supposed to stay out of politics?
So did you share that same love for you new BFF Kanye when he proclaimed on national television that "George Bush hates black people"?
Or do you get offended when entertainers like Ted Nugent, Kid Rock, Arnold Schwarzenegger etc. express their political positions?  #Hypocrites
Let me guess, Ronald Reagan should have stuck to being an actor too right?
What's the name of the new song... "Golden showers"? "Porn Stars and me"? Rocket Man... (oh wait, that's been taken!!!)
Before Kanye’s comments, when was the last time Foxnews ever wrote an article on him ? Any ideas ? 
Probably when he went to Trump Tower. Kanye’s been out of the news for awhile now. New album free publicity playing both sides. Kanye’s being the honey badger.
It’s a good marketing strategy, Trumpers who never listened to rap music all of a sudden develop an interest in rappers & their music, cant wait for the first Trumper summer jam mixtape :
 omg not again they all have said that and Obama wasn’t the president during 9/11 Bush was!   This is really too much sometimes that people have no idea what they are saying or historically what’s truth and what’s not.  Very sad and disheartening honestly. This is sad
Even better : this guy was then asked where he thought Obama was on 9/11 ?

“Never in his office, I don’t know but I ll sure get to the bottom of it”

Go figure lol !

Honestly there are idiots also on the left, but this guy s next level
I worked with a woman who asked me if there had ever been a woman President. She was serious.
I can’t 
Our school systems hard at work. If you’ve ever seen Jessie Waters interviews on the street it’ll scare the crap out of you.
You sound racist.
This is what courage looks like. Good for you @kanyewest.

my hero  Emma Gonzalez 
He’s an independent speaker who isn’t caught up in party politics. Breath of fresh air.
Hot air. He has no defining principles except a primal need to attract attention.
It’s always hot air when it doesn’t align with your narrative.
Not at all. Neither is it substantive because it aligns with yours. Bet you a house you know zip about his past political positions.
That's unkind, I withdraw. Point is Kanye has no consistent positions like say a Parris Dennard who considers himself conservative. What he has(d) was street cred which no black entertainer on the right has.That's why he's suddenly Mr popular to y'all.
I just like that he refuses to be mentally enslaved. It’s good for the country.
@kanyewest you are a patriot not for onmy supporting the president but for stepping up for himself and your beliefs i agree with you i believe allot people feel as you and are just afraid to voice themselves i hope you have inspired them to be them so.
No Kanye... a lot of people don’t.  The majority of Americans LOATHE that cancer on our Democracy.  While others are too scared to admit they hate him too.  A very small percentage use this circus to forward their own agenda.  Sound familiar??
He also says he loves Hillary. What he loves the most is $.
#hurryupMueller
But he also called Emma Gonzales his Hero
That's why they were so shocked when President Trump won! We were intimidated into silence. I wouldn't wear a MAGA hat, put out a sign OR even a sticker on my car, for fear of reprisal!
THIS DUDE HAS BEEN A DRAMA QUEEN HIS WHOLE CAREER YOUR MUSIC ISNT GOOD MUSIC ANYMORE
"ANYMORE" would suggest that his music was good at one time. In what world?
NONE SHUT THE FK UP HIS LAST HITS WERE LIKE FLASHING LIGHTS IF YOU LIKE IT THAN GOOD FOR YOU
#StupidIsWhatStupidDoes
StupidIsAsStupidDoes.

Fixed that for ya!
This guy might be even dumber than @realDonaldTrump 
Kanye is seeing the light!
He should just go to the light.
I don’t want to sound obsessed with this BUT it wasn’t to long ago Kanya was saying he was under some mind control #MKUltra #ContelPro, they might have gotten to him and he doesn’t know it. Just sayin’
Yeah I remember that, I think he had some addiction issues unfortunately. A lot of bad stuff going on in his life and he chose a very poor way to handle it. Doesn’t mean he can’t get out of that place tho
I agree, I wish him the best, however the program has a wonderful way of “whitewashing” memory. 
I know nothing about it, if it even really exists. So I can’t comment too much on it
That’s a good thing .
I'm starting to like Kanye West! He's alright.
JAMES SHAW JR. our real life super hero.  Stopped a mass killer who had an AR15 and killed 4 people.  James did it single handed.   WOW
So true!!
DRAGON ENERGY
Kanye cares more 'bout his money than racial equality. #nobrainer
Kanye, fewer and fewer people believe in you or so-called president .@realdonaldtrump...your beliefs are outdated and disgraceful...there will be a poll taken on November 6, 2018...take heed...
Yes. We have a nation of cowards. Not good! No wonder they hate our president as much as they do! Elena 
#ATrumpTrainParalegalPerspective
This has been the best marketing campaign ever. @FoxNews is actually doing publicity for him. Hilarious
Oh, that’s what he meant by “poopity scoop, scoop di poop”

THE SAME PERSON THAT SAYS GEORGE BUSH DOESNT CARE ABOUT BLACKS IM SURE HES GETTING SOME TYPE CHECK OR KICKBACKS THROUGH THE WIRE  DUDE JUST WANTS ATTENTION AND IS LOOKING FOR A COMEBACK HE COULDNT GET IT OFF JIGGA
A comeback? He never left
That's just your opinion tho
OK IN THE WORDS OF @therealredman WHATEVA MAN stop
Stop yelling
How bout shut the fk up
Y u so mean Mr I didn't do nothin
GREAT KANYE!!!!!!
Lets start talking about our REAL LIFE BLACK SUPER HERO who stopped a mass killer with an AR15 who killed 4 people.. With his bare hands alone he stopped that killer. WOW
RT @FoxNews: .@kanyewest releases new song, doubling down on support for President ... https://fxn.ws/2vUdCWS 
Iam wit ya ye
THAT is a scary thought! Whatever happened to the land of the free and home of the brave?
your going to fade away into the night. people want to hear you sing not get political but it is your choice. and if you happen to survive it will only because of your wife. so just sing your really good at it.
I don't agree with you because your a hypocrite and i don't like you you waa the first to say you would leave if Trump was elected
Nothing is more brave than to fight for your own ! #KanyeWest 
I don't agree with you because your a hypocrite
No we don't agree with you and we are not afraid to speak up.
Kanye, you have right to support whomever you like but know person by what he says & writing on his wall. You are 1 incident from being a casualty of his Administration that has rolled back your Civil Rights. Don't get it twisted look in the mirror money doesn't erase facts
I'M NOT SCARED! I AGREE WITH YOU, SOMETIMES! I'M ALSO A FREE THINKER!

I don’t agree with you, and i’m not afraid to tell you you’re a fool
Dream on Kanye
I listened to @kanyewest's new song last night. It sounded like something from a first round American Idol flunky. 

Oh, and remember when this loser was begging Zuckerberg for a million dollars? Hilarious! 
What a coincidence he's releasing a new song....who would have guessed???
No they don't. Kanye is not going to get one black person to support Trump. If he wants to support Trump go for is but leave the rest of the black people that care about clean water and clean air out of it.
Tom West no one agrees with you remeber when you said 43 dont care about black you were wrong then you wrong now
Just before he releases a new comeback Song  , he gets the free publicity from Fox Fake News . by invoking Im Black and I Love Trump .LMAO ,he used Trumps Con. Lies will get you Fox Fake News for free  !

@kanyewest Is just one of the latest Riders on the #WorldPeace #TrumpTrain! #AllAboardTheTrumTrain! Hop on board won't you?
Chugga-Chugga Choo-Choo!
#TrumpTrain2020 #TrumpRally #Trump2020 #Trumpville #TrumpArmy  #TrumpTrain #TrumpRallyMichigan @Potus
Maybe he’ll write another one about his hero Emma Gonzalez. Will you report on that when he does?
Black, White, Red, Brown, Yellow etc. People of Money will always support other People of Money.  Regardless how different their lives are. It's sad that man put's more emphasis on the love of $$$$$$ instead of Love for their fellow men/women.
Yes, lots of folks love Nazi’s
You and trump need to start a huge education and job plan for minorities to show everyone how to really care about everyone. As a former ceo of three large companies I volunteer to help run it
Ca$hing in.  Eminem is kicking himself right now
I’ll speak up. I think Kanye & Trump are a perfect pair of A-holes.

Many of the people that are supporting you now are the same people that use the n-word loosely to describe people like you and I am not talking about people that look like you that use the term as a term of endearment.
A
I do believe there are other A list high profile celebs that are secretly #MAGA voted for #PresidentTrump in 16 and will again in 20 but will never publicly voice support. And after seeing what happened to Kanye they'll stay quiet even more now #SundayThoughts
Why are they scared?
Just love how the right falls in line with this narcissist; he's no more a Trump supporter then Paco the immigrant. But he's uses the media and media loves this type of Stupidity.
I’m waiting for Kanye’s listening party hosted by Trump and attended by Fox and friends.
song didnt even make top20 itunes and is sinking already. #KanyeIsOverParty
Yea right, has nothing to do with trump being the most unpopular man to serve in the WH, ever!
Kanye West's album sales have been on a steady decline after his debut album collage dropout. Maybe in his twisted mind he thinks this will boost sales because his music isn't cutting it anymore.
Kanye needs space to deal with issues that are clearly plaguing him. He said he was going to put a pix of his moms dr on the front of his album cover.  His mom died during liposuction. That doctor. Does a well person do that?  Just asking?
Oh my God it's the  black version of Donald Trump LMFAO
That's exactly the truth, I say it's time everyone to step up out of the box n let others know what you think!
of course he is allowed to love whoever he wants... the thing is, he also has to put up with everyone else's opinion and free speech and thats why he feels persecuted. like, how did he not know this would be an explosive issue? its okay to like trump and its okay to dislike trump

Many people are saying Trump is a bedly barforific Atari Corporation marketing person
Kanye, it’s time for others to “get a pair!” You are leading a revolution! Well done, but hang in there.
That means the fascism is on the left...like we always said.  Liberals are trying to ruin the country with their group think...it's the only way they can win an election...by appealing to fear.
Don't be distracted.
You got that right. If I ever were to let on around my neighborhood that I'm a Trump supporter, Lord knows what they'd do. I speak at the ballot box.
Why are u hiding?  U should be proud of your choice.  Sounds like u are embarrassed to support trump. Why is that?
Because he’s an embarrassment?  Or were you being sarcastic?  It’s really hard to tell sometimes on here. Either way, Trump sucks.
Because I don't want my car keyed--or worse. I support Trump because I've read the Democratic Platform.
2 each his own
Y’all like Kanye now? Interesting.
Still looks like the left is jealous that one of theirs escaped the dem plantation.
Loved him last week. Love him this week.
I wasn’t a fan of him last week and I’m not a fan of him this week. But I’ve always supported individual to excercise their constitutional rights, unlike the left who attack anyone that doesn’t walk in lockstep with their agenda. That’s on full display every day.
Yeah the right loves when people “exercise their constitutional rights”

Explain.
Oh look at all the whiteys suddenly supporting the black guy. How ironic is that? But next week they will be back to spouting about blacks and shootings in Chicago, and welfare, and all those rap songs causing violence and shit...
Words finally spoken!
Very true.
Typical sideshow clown Kanye. Creating fake controversies. Borrrrring.
Kanye, you are now a true patriot  Welcome to sanity!
#UncleTomRecords
Exactly what the democrats have been pushing. Compliance or you’re labeled a loser and malcontent. Democrat dictators.
lol Im sure half of Rich Hollywood are  really republican . And always have been.
I agree. I'm not afraid.
Isn't it this the guy who said: "I have my soul to the devil!....at least it came with an happy meal on the table", who knows if the devil he was referring to is indeed Donald Trump!
@kanyewest I ain't afraid 2 speak up, especially when it comes to CPS kidnapping kids 4 cash & foster care is worse! The Democrats want to eliminate our future by destroying innocent families! Google Carlos Morales, he's a former CPS worker who exposed CPS's UGLY truth in a book!
That is anarchy! That is what conservatism is fighting - fascists who pretend to be for the little guy!
I agree with you, Mr. West!

Fox plugging for Kanye West! Wow
That's ok Kanye, all we need to wake up is 10%!
The threat to the 1st Amendment and it’s protection is the most important thing you will do in your life. Thank you for encouraging all to read and think and to voice sometimes unpopular opinions
Kanye would rather live free running the Underground Railroad for free thinkers than be enslaved by the progressive thought police that 150 years ago actually physically would keep him in chains. He knows the history of the KKK Democrats.
Keep up the good http://work.you  are a good man!!!
It’s all about money and Kanye has found an easy way to make it...
Love your words Kanye & your support for POTUS! God Bless! M.M.
You know what, I am tired of the short sightedness in seeing the obvious. Listen  closely. ‘The TRUTH on how the press and talk shows are bypass against Trump is seen through how they speak of (against) Kanye. Ding dong the bell has run. Love this guy as solar loves light!
Right, because you are black Jesus, right @kanyewest?  @realDonaldTrump sees himself as God.  So what gives?
Blacks with a higher I.Q. are going to identify with you! Who wants to beg for food & money, not smart black ppl. . Never
Stop fooling yourself , no one agrees with you, wake up .. who is scared, of what  maybe you should be hailing the BLACK HERO for stopping the further massacre at the WAFFLE HOUSE how come your freind Trump has not mentioned that
A lot of people don’t agree with him and are not afraid to speak up
Keep telling them like it is, sooner or later they will see theey have sold their souls for more benefits! They have become enslaved beggars
Black unemployment has been going down steadily each year under Pres. Barack @BarackObama   as a matter of fact total unemployment , check the gov statistics. You have been conned by you WHO POTUS Trump
Too bad!  I like and admire Dragon energy!
And just like Trump, Kanye knows how to promote himself and make money off of controversy....

Considering what happened during last night's White House Correspondents Dinner, should they be considered as a hate group?
https://www.facebook.com/TheSwamp/videos/1794302460864573/ …
And lot people don’t agree with you

You said it brother.....
No.
No they don't, @kanyewest; but your image certainly needs that to be true right now.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO








Breathe








Sure
Dare To Stand!
Kudos
Fox news isnt scared to speak about all kinds of unfactual topics and some factual ones to.
#Truth2Power 
Scared?
Grest Job Kay!!!
Lot of people don't agree and are not afraid to speak up.  U dont have to be popular or right to share your opinion.
As Kanye becomes stronger, more and more people will be drawn to him. The more he is true to himself, the more he becomes empowered.
I think they gave him money
You are so right !
This article made me follow @kanyewest. This shows how intolerant thenleft really are. They are hipocrits, only tolerant when you support their cause.
This is so true.....
Its all a Kardashian look at me ploy. When they feel like they aren't trending they do something out of character, nice job Mr Kardashian
You know the white house is desperate when they are relying on this Jackass for support!
@kanyewest , not your audience. Stop trying.

Kanye is either (a) just so brainwashed from hanging around other dysfunctional reality TV ‘stars’ or (b) he’s smart enough to know a new market opportunity when he sees one, I think:

Who is this guy?!
a lot of white people agree with him.  the majority of blacks regardless of politics don't approve of bigotry.  once again fox finds "a black" who resides in the sunken place.  no surprise!
So true 
Takes guts
Shut up and dribble the..... I mean make lyrics where you rhyme one word with the same word.
Kanye makes up his own mind.  Unlike many liberals.

Glad to see Fox is now aligned with Kanye West   
I did not like your ass back when you dis respected TAYLOR but your views on the future of our people has totaly changed me, i now “like your style”
No we don’t

Maybe the problem is that they like a Kanye’s music.
You are only scary to yourself. People don’t care ehstvuoungjonk
And the question is why are they afraid to speak. Is that the control the democrats have on blacks. I guess after you see how wolf acted I would be afraid
Not scared at all!!!!
Wanted to change the poor music by attacking Donald Trump。
Lots of people laugh at you, and it has nothing to do with Trump.
Kanye , the dark force has you now. Darth Trump has seduced you. Only Luke Democratic Skywalker can rescue you.
Of course he is.
Question??? Does Fox News actually report news? or is, " Fox News "  secrete code for " Trump Channel " ?
No idiot they don’t you kiss a Trump you go the way of Scott Baio Anthony Sabato Jr Rosanne Barr Shania Twain Tobey Keith look at this way if others were like you would they not have appeared at small inauguration
It is a known fact that Kanye is mentally ill,that is why he has given his support to Trump.
Way to promote your new release Kanye! You are clever! Very clever! Heard a rumor that you wanted to run for president too.... Well, good luck with that! NOT MY VOTE!
Let @POTUS @SenateMajLdr @GrassleyPress @CoryBooker  know that sentencing reform and corrections act 2017 is needed. #realissues need to be addressed. Save the taxpayers money while stopping mass incarceration.
As a white brother from the old country, this is the right way to change.
Your 100% right
Trump done more for country in a year than predecessors did in 8....but we need a well devised strategy to lift people up....that should be what black entertainers demand from whoever is in office
Kanye is absolutely right.
Name three normal people that agree with you! Buddy, you better lay off the drugs.
https://soundcloud.com/lordluminous/think-black …
Being rich and famous doesn't mean you have any understanding of politics as Kanye shows

Only the “ little people” in your head!
grow up @kanyewest You are part of the problem....
Hum . . you spelled "smart" wrong. . . it's not   s  c  a  r  e  d.
I don't listen to your music but last week when I did hear part of a song on the news, my reaction was, Kanye West needs to go back to elementary school.
never give up. 100%
Can't wait

ban nova tv doped rosenstein critical spiner,overspender 
ONLY fightduckduckwiks wins
@cuomomustgo 
heh Happend hehh torba
