If only a livable wage was included in the conversation.
If you want a livable wage, go get a job and start working up through the company. Stop expecting hand outs for being lazy.
So quick to call a person lazy. Lazy will always be met with the middle finger. Always passing judgement on hard working people.
Asking for someone to hand you a livable wage is lazy.
If you call a person that works 40 hours per week lazy, you're an out of touch asshole.
A person working 40 hours per week shouldn't need food stamps to feed themselves. 
As a tax payer, you are, literally, subsidizing walmart's payroll.
Why would I call someone working 40 hours a week lazy? I call someone demanding a livable wage from the government lazy.
A person working 40 hours a week yet demands a livable wage is in no way lazy.
I think were are missing each other here. I am saying that someone demanding the government give them a livable wage involving no work is lazy. You are saying if I work 40 hours I should have a livable wage. I agree with that depending on the job.
What's he doing? Getting rid of all the anti-poverty programs and telling the people to get a job?
It would be a good start.
I hope you are never in need.
I have lost jobs and gone without. Never once did I consider a hand out as an option.
Like unemployment?
Why would someone like unemployment?
Did you take unemployment?
No. Thought I was clear on that.
These programs should be very temporary.. its suppose to be a short term tool to get you to the next level. That means, you go to school or get a trade to better yourself. You live within your means, you learn to stretch your dollar. It’s doable, it’s just people are lazy


Considering what happened during last night's White House Correspondents Dinner, should they be considered as a hate group?
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
They would slam anything trump does so now I just dont even listen to their shrieking and whining, it sounds like blah blah blah.
Yeah, you just praise him without thinking about what he does. Good little sheep.
Blah blah blah
I believe you meant to say "bah bah bah"
Blah bla blah, blather, blah, blah
As I said, you mean "Bah"
@ScottMeier   This is another hint at what T is doing.  I'm still not understanding the details of the program.  He needs to provide a single document outlining his plans.
Agreed!! Where is the direction? Where is the stated goal? Where and how can the masses participate?
This is equal to praising someone with HIV for spreading the disease!
Outstanding statement ! Let us get rid of the slavery welfare check system because it enslaved the Minority for too long. It's an unexpected and unwanted crutches.
Hahahahahaha! Bull shit!
So he likes,poverty for others?
What a delusional statement, what exactly what and how is he going to do?  Trump couldn't even do Health Care, Infrastructure or Immigration (DACA)
The President has a better idea...how about providing jobs and them going to work?
Poverty? Only cause the goods goes to illegal aliens. #AmericaFirst
What kinda misinformation is this. 700 billion on poverty programs. Are you really trying to convince people that we spend more on food stamps than we do on the military? What a joke.
Just flat out fake news. They are jacking up that number to justify taking more away from the middle class & poor to give more to the rich. This will result in cuts to Medicare & SS something working class people pay into all there life not just people in need.
Taking food and heat from poor people is incredible.
President Trump’s programs are working. More African-Americans are working and are receiving higher pay where is the thank you for this?
@FoxNews
People need to be able to provide for themselves. Not rely on Gov! All people want a job. This gives poor an opportunity!
Putin-puppet does not like the poor.
The initiative is to create jobs and businesses in the inner cities! It is to help poor get off of welfare and be self sufficient.
Go Trump!
Illegal immigrants families with 3 or more children are receiving Medicaid and food assistance.  Many of this illegal head of households are working, cleaning houses earning more than 300.00 weekly and not declaring this income.  Low income programs needs more restrictions
#MAGA

She has some ideas.
#WelfareReformIsGood
Star Parker is right on the money. I would like to see her on the show MORE
It appears, this Sen.Tester who made up lies about Dr. Ronney Jackson, is just another dishonest dem who makes up " dirty dossiers".  Tester must resign today!!! He is a disgrace to that office.  We want MAGA only!!!
“Incredible”
"An attack on any journalist is an attack on us all," says Margaret Talev, president of the White House Correspondents' Association https://cnn.it/2r9yqno  #WHCD 
Remember that Trump was given a huge handout with which he went on to build his financial success. (Just as he gave handouts to his children that they used to build success.)

But for anyone else he complains that people should somehow manage without assistance.
Distressed zip codes and counties! This is not a race issue but a poverty uneducated one! And the counties need more funding for specific issues. Help them help themselves? You better have a checklist they need to fulfill, we have enough fraud and corruption
LOL that has LESS credibility than if he said he loves spinach
#MAGA !!!!!
Is he giving everyone a tent?
Meanwhile, @seanhannity is buying up cheap real estate and jacking up price for poor renters. Something to be really proud of, @FoxNews
#FakeNews
Thank you star for opening our eyes at the government hearing on the heartbeat act.  That's when i found out that the leading cause of death in the black community is abortion.  
It's also when i heard racist democrat scream at you and insisted you apologize to him.
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result
Interesting has anybody noticed racist fox trump propaganda news spreader of hate and division has added a lot more African Americans to the so-called show. Still not helping your comedy show sorry
LIAR
Worried about "anti poverty programs?" take $32B that the Democrats want to give NY and NJ for a tunnel, that only they will use, and put it into poverty programs. Or... provide more jobs, less illegals so that people will climb out of poverty.

Champagne bottle pops open.

Mr. Cohen: “See, I came through again re Stormy with a delay this time. Isn’t that incredible boss?!”…
Raising rents on the poorest who can barely afford housing is cruel.  Do we really want other Americans thrown out on the street because we want to teach them a lesson?  If your answer is yes, what if it was your mother, sister, brother.  If still yes, you are just heartless.
Hhhhh. Just unbelievable.
I agree with you , taking away the old slavery welfare system invented by a KKK member.
Important.
Federal judge says there could be an indictment ahead for Trump lawyer Michael Cohen. https://on.msnbc.com/2KmELVx 
Oh look, another MSNBC lie
Lol
If you need money go and work for it!

Time to break the cycle of poverty in this country. The support system of only status quo championed by libs for decades is quickly becoming a thing of the past. Defending the way it has always been done shows a lack of vision and concern for the poor.
Time to stop giving free hand out! It was set up just to be temporary program  not a life time hand out for bums or lazy people that don’t want to work period!
They're earned benefits. Stop being lazy and read up on what you're bitching about.
Is my math bad or is that $2,000 per American (estimating 350million Americans)?
The same Trump who wants to strip the elderly of Medicaid?
THAT Trump?
President Trump is America loving people`s President, go Trump!!
Look at all of these naysayers, if Trump put an initiative where every person in the USA ended up in the 1% they would still wine and moan,
Is that in between his butt buddy (Hannity) & trump evict those same people from their homes so they can rob government subsidized money
FOX NEWS HAS NO SHAME

We use to be a wealthy country with wealthy people. I didn’t recall exactly when all this situation changed but one thing I am sure that when all those intl trades start happening factories start closing out too, same thing with auto industry and so on. So l do blame trades!
Maybe, this is what @kanyewest was seeing. @realDonaldTrump is making real progress to end poverty in inner cities.
Except he isn't. He's making it worse.
How and where. Examples of your a propagandist
Cutting medicaid.
If your able to work you should do so! Want to save money? New York snap program needs to stop letting people get soda with snap. They even pay for bottle deposit! Wrong! Wrong! Wrong! If a family needs help we should provide real food for the family!
Wait, he's raising rent for subsidized housing for poor, making it harder to get food stamps & doing nothing to educate poor into better job market. What exactly is he doing for them?

Stupid star
you sound scared. It's tough keeping afloat a sinking narrative. I know the feeling.
omg I love this.. I love the Don


Hahahaha!!!!
Haha taking on anti-poverty programs sounds an awful lot like you support poverty. Poor choice of words. But then again, this is @FoxNews where you don’t have to be literate to get a job.
Take on as in destroy.
What is so great about CUTTING FOOD STAMPS ?
Immediately, something like scales fell from Saul's eyes, and he could see again.

In Alt-reality F*x world, tRUmp is a champion of the common folk.
Here is another STRONG BLACK WOMAN that should be a roll model for young black women just like Candice,was a pleasure listening to her,unlike that DISGUSTING wolf so called comic who is EXTREMELY vile
I don’t think Wolf is black?

TRUMP:
Shithole countries
Calls Kaepernick "son of a bitch"
Paralympics "tough to watch"…
Proof the Left doesn’t want to solve poverty just perpetuate it. Work works.
83% of the tax cut goes to the top 1%
The top 20% own 93% of the stock market.
69% of Americans have less than $1,000 saved.

Who are you blaming?
do you even understand economics? do you know what deadweight loss is?
I'm a loyal Obama fan. I would rather have more food stamps, less jobs, more poverty,
Thank you potus fir offering poverty citizens advantages/opportunities vice dependency. Time to unhook the chains of poverty. Maga
Democrat want American to be poor in order to control us more.
83% of the tax cut goes to the top 1%

But please keep making it up.
You are right, like your own comment now, because I'm sure the only one who agree with you is yourself 

Wow,  beautiful, you are good using PowerPoint and Photoshop just like your Trump photo. Yea we must believe you 
By letting Blinky Carson raise the rent by 300%? Hahaha hahaha hahaha no one believes u @FoxNews.
Yes, nothing like taking from the poor to give to the rich.

#MAGAts
You mean destroy our support systems for the poor and their families? How “Christian” of him
Did you SEE the segment?
The segment isn't real life- real life is Trump cutting food off to disabled and children - wants to replace them with FAKE FOOD BOXES ( processed crap) sold to the government at inflated prices to make his buddies rich ! #privatize
Here's the tweet Fox News deleted VERY quickly 

http://tweetsremoved.blogspot.co.uk 
there's nothing there. just ads
Many people are saying Trump is infectious common-kissing flap-dragon
