Trump insults people every single day. You people have no room to talk.
Somebody could write a dissertation on the cognitive dissonance alone.
The difference is he attacks people that attack him... he hits back. He's also defensive about America and takes to task people and countries he feels do things and say things that aren't in the best interest of America. This was not that...
You can't possibly believe that. Further, even if you have convinced yourself of that, how's that a good quality? He's an extremely petty man who runs down anyone who doesn't bend the knee. That's not what an adult does. That's not what a leader does. That's not what a man does.
Yup. He ran Kim down till he gave up the nukes. Keep it up President Trump.
For sure. It definitely had nothing to do with President Moon Jae-in. Was all President Trump. Brought about world peace through Twitter insults like a true leader.
I'm not saying President Moon dont get any credit. But let's face it, negotiations were going no where till President Trump came along.
Just like school kids : he’s worse or she started it!!! Not my fault!
It's not like she killed a dog or anything.
Moments ago, @GovMikeHuckabee slammed the "tasteless classless bullying" at The White House Correspondents' Dinner. #WHCD https://bit.ly/2JzC162  
And he did say this yesterday:
If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and…
I'm blocked.
Here you go. Yesterday:

His righteous indignation is kind of off key 

“Once”
"free to speak but held accountable" that's what happened to your daughter last night. She wasn't bullied, someone held her to task for her continual lying to the press and the American people on Trump's behalf.
Go to the dictionary and look up RESPECT!
Respect is earned, not given freely. SHS lies to the American people on a daily basis. I have no respect for her, nor do I owe her any.
Lies?? Let me guess you loved the lying Obama’s
Yeah , ok.
Well done Michelle Wolf.  Proving that MAGAts can’t take a joke... but sure love their joke of a president.
Don’t dishonor Abraham! Those are personal attacks not jokes! It’s trashy and low class! And I am just a regular American condemning bad taste!
Those were jokes.  Get over it
Jokes don’t hurt! Be real!
I always say free speech has to be responsible! What comes out of a person’s mouth defines his/ her character! What comes out of Michelle ’s mouth is trash and foul language in a wh correspondence dinner; it shows how low journalists have become!
The rest of us are tired of the tasteless classless bullying at the WH.
AMEN, Jebus!
It was seriously disgusting to watch. Should be the last dinner! Maybe replace it with a black tie dinner that raises money for military moms or something.
Love it! Thanks!
Yes, but he just said this YESTERDAY:
If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and…
Good one!
As in our supposed 'president'?
No "supposed" about it.  He IS your president.
Michelle Wolf,
You simply aren't Funny!
Your attack on Sarah was a pathetic attempt at wanting to be relevant. You aren't!
Shame on You!
#presssecretary
Did you get offended? Aww. Poor thing.
Sarah is America’s Sweetheart 
Truth! The lower they hit her, the higher Sarah soars.
Amen @PressSec has nothing to worry about. They are the ones that can't distinguish between:  right/ wrong/ truth / lies. #MAGA  behind her all the way!! her
Classless is the Democratic Party & be happy your daughter is built Honest truthful & strong Like America & we love her Losers come & go be greatness is a line in the sand that never gets erased no matter how much water passes over it Thank you & your daughter for your service
SHS "honest and truthful"  
Stop whining, Fuckabee.
SUPER WOMEN Role Models 
Sarah Huckabee Sanders
Melania / Ivanka Trump
Dana Loesch
Michelle Malkin
Laura Ingraham
Sara A. Carter
Jeanine Pirro
Candace Owens
Tammy Bruce
Sharyl Attkisson
Pamela Geller
Katrina Pierson
Nikki Haley
@antonia_okafor 
@BrennaSpencer 
Alana Mastrangelo
Ur being sarcastic right calling these women role models
“The irony is rich with this one.”
-Yoda
Mike is really bleeding out of his wherever
Don’t understand what you mean. He is certainly right-garbage comedy.
Lois that is a comment our dear leader trump made about Megan Kelly degrading her for being a woman
HYPOCRITE SAY WUT
Text book bully #MichelleWolf  #StopBullying Sick slimy dimms roast our @PressSec I DEMAND next years WHCD be canceled and replaced #MAGAForAll #michiganrally
Wish all those offended would have said ENOUGH & walked out taking your sweet daughter & KellyAnne with them. Saw snippets only. Barfy sick.
Except for the president of course..... apparently he doesn’t need to be held accountable
“We love trump because he tells it like it is and isn’t PC”

“That comedian hurt my feelings by calling out our lies, hypocrisy and overall shamelessness!”
#maga #whcd
She’s a comedian. It’s literally her job to make jokes & poke fun at people. I find it hilarious that the anti-political correctness crowd is criticizing Wolf for her jokes lol.
In the timeless words of Trump supporters...
What a fragile snowflake
Why didn't he speak when Trump insulted a Gold Star family, a prisoner of war (while he dodged the draft 5 times), and a disabled journalist? Hypocrisy at its finest.
She is a comedian, Trump is a President and he is more obscene and offensive every day. Not only in how he treats people, talks about people but also how he (and Sarah) tell lies, which is more offensive by far.
Perhaps the one thing @GovMikeHuckabee has ever said that I will agree with. Fully respect the free press and all the democratic values that go along with it, but #MichelleWolfe did far more harm than good last night.
Great tweet.

If you just take out the words “Correspondents Dinner”.

#WHCD
A conservative said 12-year-old Chelsea Clinton was “the White House dog.”

A conservative said Michelle Obama should “return to being a male and let loose in the outback of Zimbabwe.”

But Michelle Wolf’s jokes were over the line and hateful to Sarah? GTFOH
Your daughter is a tough person and takes her job seriously, although what she represents is a bag of lies and reflects badly on her. If she wants it to stop then she should stop making a fool of herself by reflecting Trumps lies.
Poor mikey lol
What a snowflake ...
Don't know why white (orgin) america sits back let idiot's called them 's guess there use to it.
You need a remedial English class. That was gibberish.
Yeah it was terrible... 
President of the united States if America defended by Mike Huckabee
Last night he said it was hard to get watch the Specail Olympics ... what did he mean?
No idea. Didn't have a chance to watch.  All depends in the context of the statement.  
It is hard for me to watch without tearing up.
What happened with the Paralympics was so incredible and so inspiring to me,” Trump said, standing on the White House North Portico surrounded by members of the Olympic and Paralympic teams. “And I watched — it’s a little tough to watch too much, but I watched as much as I could.
My husband is disabled.  Our President has twice done/said things that seem to imply his disgust with disabled.  If he doesn’t mean that, he needs to clarify and apologize for the implication
Trump is the USA president so naturally he will say some nice things in front of people!Unfortunately being a Trump he usually comes out and shows his true colours!It's only good that most Americans have come to accept him like he is but people trying to defend him makes it worse
you mean like trump using twitter instead of holding a legit press conference?
Trump answers press questions regularly and he says the same things to them as he does on twitter.
he has had ONE full presser while in office.  When he just blasts nonsense on twitter, he doesn't have to answer to people who fact check it, like in a presser.  He's a coward.
Why do you think Presidents have Press secretaries? Leftists are pathetic cowards. They always need to gather in numbers to attack people. You never see one stray out of their comfort zone.
michelle...
 
did she grab a puss without consent?
threaten to shoot someone on 5th ave?
is she a rapist?
watch teenagers change clothes at a beauty show?
insult disabled?
is she bleeding from the you know what?
pay of multiple women to hide affairs?
insult carly's face?
Mike is a gentleman and would never hit a woman ( notice I did not say lady). I’m guessing Sarah needs no help.
Like when trump was a birther for 8 years?
We still have not seen a real  birth certificate of Obama! Not any college records.Division
Poor Huckabee, he actually thinks his daughter who lies into the face of we Americans EVERYDAY, deserves any empathy whatsoever. Apple didn’t fall far from the tree either.
It was a roast. The POTUS is a tasteless, classless bully, yet you support him.
Support him 100%!   People need to go to the dictionary and look up RESPECT!
That's your problem. The man you support 100% needs to go and look up the definition of respect.
We have the respect. I see you are lacking. SMH
Sure you do. 


People that voted Trump lost they’re right to speak about lies ...
That’s your opinion not a fact, truth is your dishonest anti-American candidate LOST remember?

I’ll send you a one way ticket to any country but this one of you like or you can go to a crying closed at Harvard  or Yale and scream and yell. But nothing is going to change the fact that you lost and no one can remove the President.
Nice, get me one for Spain, Barcelona. Thanks, you are nice!
One thing is for sure and certain, @PressSec  handled herself with class, grace and wisdom! #RoleModel  for females! #IStandWithSarahSanders 

Considering what happened during last night's White House Correspondents Dinner, should they be considered as a hate group?
You’re daughter’s entire job is to lie. It shouldn’t be, but it is. If she doesn’t want to be called a liar she should probably find a new job.
Maybe she shouldn't lie to the American public every time she opens her mouth, your daughter is a classless btch, with bad manners and is rude to journalists and reporters, in addition to calling women liars and going after Hillary, she deserves it Mike, stop whining
Tasteless ... the Huckabee Family motto ... sons killing dogs at Boy Scout camp for "fun" ... @PressSec --lying for @realDonaldTrump on a daily basis---full of sneers, accusations and everything but the truth -- typical of @POTUS 's corrupt and yes, tasteless, administration
Oh stop crying Mike you're going to wash away your smokey eye
Poor snowflake 
We LOVE you Sir and your beautiful daughter.
http://insider.foxnews.com/2016/12/09/outnumbered-donald-trump-supporters-want-safe-spaces-college-campuses …
"The whole point of voting for Trump is that you disapprove of things like safe spaces," Carlson argued ...
Meghan McCain agreed, pointing out that "life isn't a safe space."

You #resistors  crack me up.

We as Americans are subjected to tasteless rants by POTUS daily.  Why not call him out?
Hahah Conservatives are losing their minds!
But Mike
There is a difference in being VILE / DISRESPECTED / FUNNY...SHE WAS JUST VILE / VERY DISRESPECTFUL 
And so is the POTUS but hey lets hold a comedian to a higher standard, eh? 
Your daughter, @PressSec, got an accurate portrayal of her service to America. The delivery may have been harsh, however, it had to be. This is now a discussion that needs to happen.
Indeed it does. Communists and Socialists are destroying this country and they will be defeated.
Stop your crying Huckabee!  I’ll listen to you when you criticize DJT for all his disrespect to people...especially the handicapped!  
oh REALLY?
Oh you mean as in when Trump insults and name calls people every day. Give it a break with your fake morals and double standards. How can you live with yourself knowing the lies you spew?
The one thing no autocrat can tolerate, and this is especially true of our POTUS  and his sycophants - is to be laughed at. Nothing cuts deeper than truth ,that pierces the lies and pretensions with comedic delivery. Autocrats and their followers are always victims.
Dont like it when someome is not politically correct ?
yet he is all so quiet on the classless bullying Trump does daily. That is just fine and dandy hey Mikey
Huckabee calls the  WH Correspondents Dinner "tasteless classless bullying. Really, Huck?! What do you call it when a presidential candidate ridicules handicapped people with ugly miming. I call it the most shameful thing I've ever seen a politician do.
Oh please, 1] it is her job as a comedian to poke fun, if those in public office don't like it they should either step down, or stop providing comedians so much ammunition ... it is NOT the POTUSs job though to smear, attack & try to destroy the reputation of American Citizens

Have you seen what you have said about the LGBTQ community.  Seriously
Empty words when supporting Trump
Hmm...just following the example set by the current administration I guess
Then why does this man excuse Trump by saying “well that’s just who he is, but he means well”. I just don’t get it...the level of hypocrisy
Great to see Sarah get so much love and support but I don’t think for a minute she needs defending.   @PressSec can certainly handle herself! Why we love her!#SarahHuckabeeSanders
Courageous & beautiful @SarahHuckabee Sanders standing Strong & Gracious against #SEXISTMICHELLEWOLFF -- American Women are Proud of this lovely, gracious & powerfully intelligent & articulate Lady
Hahaha, conservatives calling comedians telling jokes classless bullying. What do y’all call what the president of the USA says about about disable people, Latinos, Muslims, women, Democrats, the free press, FBI officials, other Rs that Dont agree with him?
Are you sure you aren't talking about John Barron aka @realDonaldTrump ?

I thought we were all snowflakes who “needed a popsicle” to listen to his show?
You should review with your daughter the words from the Bible. You are a Christian right?? 
Proverbs 12:22 - The LORD detests lying lips, but he delights in people who are trustworthy.
Leviticus 19:11- Ye shall not steal, neither deal falsely, neither lie one to another.

Say it's not true...Speechless...Do they check backgrounds or is this their new normal? Will we see another new 'special class' needing support and protection??
Gov. Huckabee. You should be so proud of Sarah. She is a wonderful person and doing a wonderful job. No one should be subjected to the filth the press thought appropriate last night. They should stop the WHCD. It is a disgrace to America.
When is the president going to be held accountable?
And yet he’s never held trump accountable for the vicious vile stuff he says about others on a daily basis.  The hypocrisy is strong in this one!
Ain't trump notorious for bullying people on Twitter?
Who’s the snowflake now, Mike?
"tasteless classless bullying" describes the trump twitter feed to a tee... check it out huckleberry...
Oh boo hoo. Daddy doesn't like it when his lying little girl gets called out. Don't remember any conservative's calling out the potus for any and all his insults and disgusting language. Bunch of hypocrite snowflakes.
Who will hold @realDonaldTrump accountable? #Hypocrisy
Jesus these Republican snowflakes are too much.
45 does it on a daily basis.

Hey snowflake @GovMikeHuckabee -- It's just "straight talk"

Now go find a safe space, maybe one full of white supremacists, traitors and misogynists.  The White House has openings....
These Conservatives need to learn to suck it up.
Want to see much worse tasteless classless bullying?
Read @GovMikeHuckabee's Twitter.
Ask me if I care...I dare you.
I know Mike was upset! Sarah acted respectful and sure set a great example for all of us Americans. Thank you to Sarah Sanders!
I love you Sir, and love Sarah you could see the love and the strength of God hovering over her. How she sat there unwavering by the hate surrounding her. She is what every woman wish could be.
Sir, my tribute to your beautiful, graceful, most competent daughter, and a great Press Secretary. @PressSec
In other words, Sarah Sanders, apparently the only adult in the room, abstains from joining in the ritualized, psychedelic, staging of a bonfire of juvenile and puerile imbecilities of simultaneously shameful and shameless "journalism."

…
It will be ok Dad. All of us love Sarah.  She is one of a kind. A good, smart and beautiful person. Good wins over evil. Every time.
His fearless leader is the biggest classless vulgar bully of all times. #Hypocrite #FakeChristian
Sarah was the light in a very dark hate filled room she is class   be a Sarah
They will be held to account. They already are. That b*tch, like kathy griffin and others, have shown they are UNFIT for public discourse. Trash.
Please we need you hold @realDonaldTrump  accountable for his racist, biggoted vile comments!!
And Huckabuck’s daughter is among those most in need of being “held accountable”—for her self-serving LIES, issued routinely to the people who pay her fucking salary.
The roast last night was excellent, but the reactions from all these conservative snowflakes that hate "political correctness" crawling to their safe space at Fox News, is just hilarious!
#FuckYourFeelings #MAGATS #WHCD
Lol -10 bucks says he doesn't even know what a smoky eye is
Maybe you should talk to @realDonaldTrump about tasteless and bullying. He could use a lesson or two.
ONE WAY FREE TRIPS TO CUBA if you hate America so much. REAL AMERICANS are sick of the LEFTS BS.
@CNN @MSNBC Mr Huckabee, it is about 1st Amendment.  Fox News, including you have been disrespectful to the President Obama.. As they: ‘What goes around Comes around’.
We love Sarah. She is strong, classy, smart and beautiful.
Truth is but a flicker of light in the universe of empty thoughts! The ONLY SAVING GRACE the WHCD demonstrates is that darkness knows no bounds & truth wiggles it’s way to the light. Sarah shines brightly among those entrenched in hate! Go Sarah be proud of your truth.
It’s a looker room talk, I tough y’all have no problem with that.
It was disgusting!!!  Sarah, you are a strong & beautiful woman!!!  #imwithsarah
100% right. I am a registered Democrat, and I’m becoming more and more dissolutioned with these so called liberals. Criticizing Trump for fat-shaming, and then approving of this hateful crap is outrageous. The worst part is IT WASN’T EVEN FUNNY
Who let the clown out of his hole.
Michelle Wolf held Sarah accountable.
Gov? This AM, Atty Victoria Toensing said @POTUS' admin should NOT permit ANY personnel to attend any future WHCD events! I AGREE!
Concur, make the dinner a 'non-event'!
Yup. In my book? WHCD was a non-event, anyhow!
Guinness just called to confirm that Mike Huckabee is now officially the World's Biggest Snowflake.

Congrats!
So he beat out trump?
Mike's got a few lbs on him.  They have rules and everything over there.
LOL No one cares
That gal just ended her career as far as I can tell. Of course, I didn’t know who she was to begin with anyway. 
 your cult leader papa Trump puts on daily clinics in tasteless, classless bullying, to go right along with his compulsive lying.
Bullying comes from a place of power. Trump is a bully. Comedians only possess the power of wit. You can argue about taste, but this was not bullying.
Snowflake
Soooooo nothing about Trump 
With Sara H Sanders and Melania Trump we have grace, intelligence, loving, witty and the best in the WH. So proud of them both. This statement is not complete but I only have a certain amt of space. Love the women of the Trump admin! 
Has this guy been under a rock for a year.
Has he ever heard of Donald Trump?
Just locker room talk....
Agreed. And we wonder why kids now days are growing up so messes up. There’s 1 example! They grow up in homes with hateful people like her as role models. Sarah @PressSec has a lot of class and it goes to show why we love her so much!
They are just trying to take the positive message from Trump's rally and over shadow it with their negativity. Feel bad for Sarah but she can get them back everyday at the briefing. Go get them!

Shouldn't he direct his comments to the Bully-In-Chief Donald Trump?
Oh the hypocrisy.

The same guy who said people would need balls and a sense of  humour on his show!hahaha

One understands the umbrage a father takes at criticism of his daughter.  However, Sarah Huckabee Sanders provably defends the lies of -- and also lies on behalf of -- a very dishonest president.  If @GovMikeHuckabee wishes the best for his daughter, he should urge her to resign.
Name one lie.
http://www.politifact.com/personalities/sarah-huckabee-sanders/statements/byruling/false/ …
That's it? "Politifact"? Those are not lies. What makes them lies, because Politifact says they are? BS.
Who decides @PolitiFact is not credible?  You?  That's it?
Yep. Who else would decide what's credible for me. You? "Politifact"?
One will roll the dice on the trustworthiness of Pulitzer prize-winning journalists, and not on that of the tribalism encountered on Twitter.  Have a good night.
Can't take the heat, get the hell out the WH! 
Mike Huckabee triggered!
And it was tasteless and horrible!
Your daughter is beautiful inside and out. I lover her smile. Shame on those that spew evil speech.
But he ignores the tasteless classless bullying by Trump. Interesting.
Agree...bullies are not needed
The left continues to show the world just how vile they truly are.
Is this the same guy that posted this?
If you lack sense of humor, get “offended” by slights you create, or just can’t bring yourself to tolerate those you disagree with the DO NOT watch my show 2nite!  You will be triggered and will need a pony, popsicle, and…
Cupcakes & Snowflakes are the republican factions nowadays
“Lady Locker Room” talk guys. Relax
#Spinroom #Putinpaid
Snowflake - go to your safe space
I can't remember who said it here on Twitter but someone referred to it as Fake News Prom
Gov. Mike, that's so true. I hurt for Sarah when that brainless excuse for a comedian attacked her so personally & viciously. There was no good-natured needling at that dinner. For the compromised press, it was just an excuse to attack. So sorry that Sarah had to endure it.
Snowflake
You did an amazing Job Gov. Huckabee, Your Daughter Sarah is smart, resolute, faithful, and a great mom to boot! I can only hope that my Granddaughter turns out like @PressSec I am so sorry you had to endure their hate Sarah!
Tasteless  classless and a bully..exactly #IStandWithSarahSanders

Unbelievably, James Comey states that Polls, where Crooked Hillary was leading, were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words, he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win, and he wanted a job. Slimeball!
So when will you hold Trump accountable? Time after time @GovMikeHuckabee 's Daughter excuses Trump by saying "he's joking". And Trump's no comedian, but @SarahHuckabee is a Liar. Touche @michelleisawolf !!
Snowflake 
Ok let’s start with the President. Who’s our national bully and bigot
But it’s ok when president cheeto does it?  Oh, I get it now. 
That's what goes on at that dinner.

What about the "tasteless classless bullying" and full-blown bullshit that @realDonaldTrump was spewing at the same time in Michigan?
Bullying, racial comments, hate speech, You talking about POTUS right?

Hey,,,Can't take a JOKE! ?
But when the president does it it's totally cool. 
@GovMikeHuckabee as a father I fully understand your need to stand in support of your daughter,  however, @PressSec is more than capable of dealing with the elitist left wing scum.  She does so on a daily basis.  You've raised one highly capable woman.  Thank you.
I stand with Sarah Sanders!!! Learn RESPECT people.  So sick of Libs!
It’s bulking now? Roasts are savage. If you can’t hang, then don’t go. 
I thought we liked to “keep it real” now? We hate pc culture amirite?
So much whining from the right. Where were all these #fakechristians when folks were saying Obama was born in Africa? They just can’t take it.
If you can’t take a joke ur a snowflake
It’s okay Governor Huckabee
Consider the source who have no class.
Your daughter is beautiful 
On the outside and the inside 
Her soul is clean,a child of God 
Those who cast arrows are vile children of Evil.
They are the nonbelievers 
Yes there is Balm in Gilead 
Jesus Christ
Mike is
Who’s the idiot that thought putting those words together is a good idea? You’ve put hate speech which calls for the death of billions of people on the same level as criticizing self righteous, deceitful people. #winning
Poor baby @GovMikeHuckabee got his feelings hurt !!! Go cry to daddy trump the clown .
Tasteless and not funny to people that actually care about this country. I wish those that want to mock and bully would move to another country, try this there, love to see what they would do to you.
what about 'tasteless classless bullying' from his daughter's boss every day?
Toughen up, buddy. Everything that was said is true. If you can’t stand the heat, get out of the kitchen!
#WHCD is just a room full of spoiled, whiney, selfish, rich, arrogant blowhards who have complete disregard for everyday Americans with actual stories to tell.
She made fun of liberals and Hillary.
#WHCD
I would tell Sarah to ignore the rant from someone trying to steal a moment of fame: she was not funny, she was just mean spirited, unkind and unimportant and does not fly high. Sarah is a hardworking, intelligent, literate who is above all that! We love Her!
the irony... considering him and his family is nothing but tasteless and bullies.
I am appalled at the excerpts I have heard. Had those types of remarks been made about the Obama administration or family there would have been outrage. It hurts my heart thinking people have stooped to this level. Comedy doesn't have to equal hate. #Thinkbeforeyouspeak
Then you should talk to President! Who has attacked minorities, press, disabled!
Don't worry GOV.. WE Love and think Sarah IS amazing, she IS Wonder Woman  !!
Seriously, sarah is garbage and she clearly learned it from her father.
thank you for your comments. too many people take the low road and do not want to rock the boat. there should be no one that accepts the vile comments disguised as free speech. the event used to be a roast meant to be humorous but now it is just plain attacking the POTUS & Co.
Displaying that fine sense of humor he passed on to Smokey Eye
and the first amendment has nothing to do with it..this was downright nasty vile & disgusting. I seen a pic of Adam Schiff and he was laughing people like him are the only ones who think this behavior is funny because of their downright hatred in their souls of Trump deporables
I TOLD YOU!!! @PressSec  BOooo hooo.
WHY is no one defending @KellyannePolls ?? she got roasted too 
