Pompeo is impressive. Star that is rising.
Why can't Trump negotiate this fix?

Is he a crap negotiator or something?
Can’t be fixed.
You're right, it's already pretty good as is.
POMPEO   another mad soldier TRUMP admires d most
It's beyond just flawed. It's a total wreck.
The US alone cant do shit against Iran.   Other countries will never support the US again when asking to sanction other countries. 
A Trump can come in the future and killed any Deal reached
He hasn’t been clear at all.  He doesn’t understand it, and the only parts he singles out for criticism are things that aren’t even true.
Trump can't read well enough to understand the deal, and his advisors haven't found a way to explain it to him in colored pictures. Not a single one of the other signatories to the deal want to get out of it. Only the village idiot does.
@realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump
Get Americans out of that very bad deal
Exactly what is it about the deal that you don't like? Be specific and explain why you know more than the leaders of the nations that negotiated and signed it. I'll wait.
Let me guess Obama made the deal and Donald wants out the deal what a moron
Yeah, that'll help your credibility in the negotiations with North Korea. 
WE ARE SO PROUD OF YOU SEC OF STATE POMPEO AND GOD BLESS YOU IN ALL YOU DO.
I put my faith in the POTUS
Proving our word is shit.
Will withdrawal be a fixture...? No deal No flaw... Huh
CHICKENCHOWZANE IS BACK ON..!!! TRUMP NEEDS HELP..!! WHY DONT THEY GIVE HIM THE RESORCES..????
Be like Mike
@realDonaldTrump
They are fighting for nukes and WMD's because they don't want to invaded and their leaders hanged by the US.
It may be flawed, but it has been able to stop the Iranians from continuing toward building a nuclear weapon. They continue to allow inspectors on the ground to verify and that is it's main purpose. It continues to succeeded in protecting the world from another nuclear country.
@realDonaldTrump
Disgraceful!
That will go over well. The EU are committed. Trump can’t bully Macron, Merkel & May. https://www.politico.eu/article/iran-nuclear-deal-may-merkel-macron-uk-germany-france-agree-is-best-way-to-stop-nuclear-threat/ … Trumps a train wreck. Get him & his criminal family out
So Add to it. Macron has a better idea than this Administration does. Follow his lead.
Clearly stated. This is the diplomacy that was lacking in the @BarackObama administration. @POTUS and team going straight forward-anyone who doesn’t like it, jump off the train into the ravine.
There were 13 nations involved in that treaty, and 7 signed it. Why is America the only one saying it's bad? Because Obama did it?
...and the War mongering continues !! Every American prez needs an enemy to fixate on...Kim stole Trumps thunder; Russia is strong ; so focus on Iran.
Ignorant war mongering mother fuckers
Good! At least stop giving them $500 billion a year. That's insane.
Is that part of the agreement?

Where?

http://eeas.europa.eu/statements-eeas/docs/iran_agreement/iran_joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action_en.pdf …
Yes it is. I seen it on the news.
Lol, I provided you with the document.

Show me where your lie is in document!

In other words whatever the black guy did we’re gonna screw it up.
Seriously, How Is Donald Trump Still on Twitter? https://www.vogue.com/article/donald-trump-twitter-threatens-nuclear-war-north-korea?mbid=social_onsite_twitter … via @voguemagazine
0<10 @LastWeekTonight
Just because President Obama negotiated the treaty is no reason to dismantle it, grow up put your big boy pants on and stop trying to repeal Obamas entire presidency.
Which deal?
War time 

We Americans don't withdraw from international treaties. Terrible.
What Leadership Looks Like!
finally new war. US need new credit
And it has increase even more significantly since the Tax cut for the wealthy.
The US withdrawing would be golden for Iran. They get to keep their money, would have less sanctions and be able say Trump forced their hand as they expand their nuclear capabilities
Swamp thing explains that everything is clear as mud.
1) trump is never clear about anything. 2) trump knows NOTHING about international relations, or human relations for that matter.
@realDonaldTrump presidency is very flawed.
Pompeo = Stunad!
Yay! War with Iran!

4x Bigger than Iraq.
Allah Akbar
He’s not the Deal guy. Give it up.
Visa versa
