Trump should apologize for sexually assaulting women, to Melania for screwing women who take off their clothes for money
Just like Bill Clinton
He did apologize. On tv. In front of his wife. Get over it.
Show me where he apologized for it. Also, are you saying we should get over the President of the United States sexually assaulting women?


I'm talking about Trump apologizing. Not Clinton.
Yeah  sorry we`re talking to  Marina my friend
Okay, but first she has to make a public apology to the American people for lying every single day. Can’t see that happening anytime soon.
What, exactly, has she lied about?

And many many more.
Obama’s administration did order wire taps.
Can you provide a link to where the definitive results of the investigation can be found?
First Trump can apologize to his 17 plus victims.
Then Trump can apologize to alll Mexicans.
Then this whole administration can apologize to me for wasting my tax $$$....and also apologize to my kids for wrecking the future economy for short term “gain”
I don't want to be apologized to; I want to be repaid.
1000%
Absolutely correct.  If this was Obama’s a Press Secretary all the liberals would be screaming, so yes she deserves an apology.
The WHCD has always been a roast.  Snowflake
At a roast, the person roasted gets to speak last. Hmm not a roast then was it?!
The guy wasn't there because he's a coward. So... How was he supposed to speak last?
Genius we are talking about Sarah Huckabee Sanders! Please keep up or shut up!
You ... don't know how these work, do you? The president always goes last. Ours is a coward and didn't show. OK, cool, though. So, Hillary got roasted too. She gets to talk at the end Go ahead. I'm waiting.
When have facts ever mattered to them?
She should get an apology. I was hurt and disgusted !!!! Sara is a great woman and I’m glad she is doing what she is doing !!!!!
So sorry Sarah for the way you were treated unacceptable
Trump treats people the exact same way.
So you believe it is ok to take what u or others feel about Trump out on Sarah that is NOT ok
It was just locker  room talk
Would you believe that way if it were you or someone you care about that was put on the hot seat it’s not just locker room talk and should not be treated as such
How about the women he has insulted & assaulted? Are you concerned about the locker room talk he used towards them? How about the people who care about the women he assaulted and insulted? Are they allowed to be mad? Only you #FatNixon cultists can be upset?
Yes what he said and might have done was wrong but was Sarah there did she participate in those conversations no you can not condemn one person for the faults of others
Besides, if Trump was a real man, he would have been there instead of sending his two mouthpieces. Instead he was holding his white power stroke fest in MI.  GWB went during the middle of the Iraq war and took the abuse.
She's despicable. Along with the other trump creatures.

That guy was my favorite part of MIB!  I watched the scene where he was walking down the street many times.

I watched this 30 times just now.!
Are you telling me that there was not 1 person in the room with the courage to go to the podium denounce this disgraceful women and throw her out? Really? Cowards!!!
Who has stopped Trump from acting that way?
What way?
She won't get one. The left doesn't know or understand the word sorry. However, We The People can forgive, and NEVER forget

Hillary. Where is Hillary on that list? She is the daily target of a @GOP who, even with all the power, projects its powerlessness onto our rightful President.
. Hillary? Are you saying Hillary is the rightful POTUS?
Michelle Wolf cross the line and was disrespectful with her so call jokes against our press sec @PressSec
Your @PressSec
She's your press secretary too... You may not like it, but she's yours as well.
Nope. Try again
You can deny it all you want. That doesn't change the facts... Just as trump is your President. Like it or not, it's just a fact... But don't be to upset, I'll tell you a secret... He's Hillary's president too.
I didn’t vote for the #rogueadmin, people like you did. This #admin is all yours, you own it
And we are damn happy to own it! Best economy in DECADES!!
Your president cut taxes for permanently for corporations and did a hatchet job to environmental regulations that keep our air and water clean, and is still nowhere near the 4 percent growth he promised. 2.3 percent is not the best in decades
Why so politically correct?
How about an apology to James Shaw for ignoring his heroic actions?

How about an apology to the families of the four victims of the Waffle House shooting for not acknowledging their suffering and not condemning the shooter and his extremist group? #WHCD
And @PressSec needs to apologize to the American people for the lies and covering up for tRump! She and the man in the Oval Office need to apologize to the press!
U should apologize for trying to be human!!
Lmao. Trump simultaneously insulted media so suck it up snowflake. They get what they deserve for their daily attacks.. stop whining
There’s a difference between insulting people that insult you and just flat out being insulted. Sarah didn’t do anything to you trolls. You insult her looks fir no reason
They’re just jealous ...not as smart as Sarah!! She’s not ugly at all!!
Total disrespect for a great woman doing a fantastic job!!Take heart in knowing that you are doing such a great job that the media can’t attack you for your work so they attack you personally - which as far as I am concerned - you are exceptional!!!!!
Who are you talking about, Barbara Bush died.
You go first, Fox: start by apologizing for 10+ years of lies, propaganda, and BS.
More Russian tv. Fox and Comrades is what they should call the network.
When there's really nothing bad to say about a person, they attack physical looks. They're so superficial, it's pathetic. What are they -- 5? No...5-year olds are smarter really.
Why did she go?? Trump ordered them(Conway) to go. If they can't take a joke,stay home.
Those weren’t jokes.
Did Trump apologize for his so called jokes?? Like when he said the NRA members can take care of Hillary? Then said he was joking? Did you think THAT was a joke? Implying for someone to shoot Hillary???
NRA members and many others did take care of HRC...she didn’t get elected.
That wasn't a joke and you know it!! Someone could have gotten hurt!
A lot of libs did get hurt. They’re still crying about the election.
I wouldn't know.
Right
Did he ever apologize?
He's never asked forgiveness for anything, remember?
americans love sarah. what's that make the others ?  hmmmm
Everything Wolf says was right, Sanders does nothing but lie and bully like a Nazi, she needed to be taken down a peg. No apology needed
The America ppl also should Get an apology, we should not be subjected to this king of garbage. The world is laughing at us. Where is the pride in our great country. The left is becoming more despised every day
Why they weren’t the ones telling jokes about the lies she tells daily
She doesn’t need an apology from these people. I’m sure she appreciates their contribution to re-elect Trump in 2020 tho.
Apologize? To the Queen of Lies? Your lucky, Michelle was holding back.
Gen. Kelly stood at the podium and lied about and called Rep. Wilson an empty barrel. He said he will NEVER apologize
Trump said a morning host had a botched facelift. He never apologized
Omg, lol. She deserves an apology like trump deserves the Nobel Peace Prize. 

That would be during the time hell freezes over.
Says the most fake, lying, attacking, conspiracy theory promoting channel on tv! No way should she apologize for telling the TRUTH.
Fuck that. They just all need to resign.
@PressSec gets an Apology?Thats not happening! Liars be Dissed From now on Every Show on Fox Not Real News Stations now known as (Sinclair Russia Propaganda)should be Apologies for Every Hate Filled Lie Against Anyone that your ‘anchors’ Bashed, Mocked, Slandered, Vilified.

How many times has Sanders defended horrible things Trump has said by saying he was joking?
Burn 
The way Sarah Sanders was treated by the press was horrible. These people need to grow up.

Absolutely a disgraceful disgusting display last night by #WHCD choice @michelleisawolf Kudos to @PressSec for her grace & poise!
Sure, after Trump apologizes to each and every one of those he’s made fun of since he launched his presidential bid.
She’s a determined, excellent liar. How’s that?
When will America get an apology from  sycophantic GOP kleptocrats who are treasonous, soulless creatures who support this vile Kleptocracy?

Looks like once AGAIN Conservatives didn't quite "get the joke"
It's only funny to them when poor lose healthcare, immigrants are targeted, their racist rapist POTUS…
And Henry should apologize, endlessly, for penning a book on his faith while being unfaithful to his wife. Was she really a stripper, Ed?
Na’ah...
SUGGESTION WITH SOME STORIE OR SEGMENTS STATE FIRST THAT THIS WHATEVER WILL PROBABLY NOT APPEAR ON OTHER ETC ETC SURE YOU CAME REPORT BETTER THAN ME ???


No, they just need to get an actual, funny comedian next time.
Conservatives are always playing the victim card.
Nah.@michelleisawolf should be appreciated for her work last night. Finally SHS gets all the shit she sprews right back in her face. She had to take it w/o the ability to ignore it or the use of belittling tactics to change the subject. 
#roasted
She should skip it next year

Sad Sarah Huckabee Sanders doesn’t deserve an apology. She gets up there daily and lies to the American people, tries to feed us BS that anyone who isn’t partially brain dead can recognize is BS. SHS knows what she signed up for.
Can the American people get an apology from 45 and @PressSec ?? They both lie daily
Prove it
@TwitterSupport POSSIBLE BOT ALERT
Were people actually engaged with that so called comedian? Watching the clip of it~ I was sick to my stomach and couldnt find one thing funny.....
Trump supporters and members of his administration and aren’t willing to condemn his vulgar and mean spirited behavior every day, then I don’t want to hear what you have to say about a comedian....
The Obamas should get an apology first.
The United States, heck, the entire world deserve an appology from Donald Trump and all his complicit cronies and the lying right wing propoganda machine, Fox, Brietbart, InfoWars, etc.
What a snowflake!  She can dish it out, but obviously doesn't understand what a roast is!  Maybe she should flip off Fox every once in awhile and find out what the majority of Americans actually think outside of the weird Huckabee bubble!
If Michelle's parroting the truth is offensive through humor, imagine how offensive the truth itself is.

The world should get an apology from the Fox Noise Corp.
Sanders should apologize to America.
We're still waiting for apology for this
Remember this little gem from Trump about Carly Fiorina?
"Look at that face! Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?" 
Did you demand Trump apologize to Carly?  My guess is you probably laughed.
Sarah Sanders should apologize to the American people for lying to us everyday.
The people of the earth should get an apology from Sarah Slanders and Faux News for promoting the destruction of the planet in the face of overwhelming science on global warming!
How about an apology from Sanders on behalf of the President to citizens of Flint and Puerto Rico? And then maybe some action to back it up?

How about an apology to Dreamers for illegally breaking the promise made to them?

#WHCD
Yeah. They should apologize to her as soon as she apologizes to the county for lying EVERY time she steps up to that podium.
Sure thing, Spanky. 

Tell the Hucksterby to get in the Apology Line behind all the Gold Star families, disabled people, women, minorities, shithole countries, intelligence agencies, international allies, American patriots, etc. waiting for @realDonaldTrump
I think Sarah Huckabee-Sanders and every reporter at Fox News should apologize to the entire country for the constant lying and propagandizing that has actually endangered the republic.
Oh please..... Take a seat. #PropagandaGarbage
Do you think Sarah Sanders cried in her pillow after the #WHCD? Absolutely not. But you know who did?

-A little girl whose father was deported.
-A woman who was raped and afraid to speak.
-A black mother who watched police kill her unarmed son.

Don't lecture us about cruelty!
When are you going to apologize for lying for Trump 24 hours a day, seven days a week?  Physician heal thy self.
Snowflake
Butthurt snowflakes. You’re supposed to be the tough guys.
Another Republican snowflake. Sorry if Michelle Wolf was not politically correct enough for all of the thought police on the Right.
Did you insist that Trump apologize to Serge Kovaleski? Sit down @edhenry. 
Eat shit.
Do you have a job?
Probably not. Probably makes shitty food too.
Sarah Sanders can take a joke:
Apology for what.  A joke about eyeshadow.   Bye Felicia!

As soon as she apologizes for lying every day to protect a criminal syndicate operating out of the White House, resigns, refunds every dime of taxpayer money she has taken for lying, then maybe. 

Until then? She got milder than she deserves
False outrage!
Fox News = Russian News 
I’ll write a letter to @michelleisawolf as soon as @PressSec’s brother apologizes for torturing/murdering a stray dog & @GovMikeHuckabee apologizes for trying to cover it up.

Also, @realDonaldTrump should apologize to the American people for inflicting Sarah Sanders on us. 
America should get an apology from Fox News
Just to be clear!!!
TRUMP: Are there any Hispanics in the room?

[crowd boos]…
Did you ask the same of @realDonaldTrump when he attacked the handicapped reporter? The Gold Star Mom? Mexicans? Blacks? Kids? Women? Men? A POW? Past Presidents? Dogs? Cats? Elephants? Munchkins? The Good Witch? The Tinman?

 I mean who hasn't he attacked not named Putin or KKK?
I waiting on Trump to apoligize to every one he attacked But that just fine with all of you
When has Trump apologized for attacking all of he people he has attacked and called names. He started this crap in June 2015; those who align with him get the blowback.
She lies like a RUG everyday while she tucks her 3 children to bed at night what about those children in #Flint or #PuertoRico who need clean drinking water. She’s a pathological liar.. apologize for what is she whining? because she better not be!
It's locker room talk. Don't be such PC whiny snowflakes.
???
STILL WAITING FOR APOLOGIES FOR THESE...THIS IS JUST A FEW
Can you apologize for becoming state run TV pushing propaganda to further divide the country while spewing racism, sexism, and bigotry?
When Trump apologizes for all the vile attacks against many good people, maybe Sarah has a shot. Until then, fair game.
Hey @FoxNews ..you people can.......
Yes!! That pos was awful to her & others!!
WHY? She was mocked for lying all the time. Sarah Sanders is a professional liar. She has to get up there and say that Trump is doing things that make sense and that there is no corruption in the ultimate swamp administration...
Go fuck yourselves.
The rest of the world should  get an apology from Fox News for propagating lies and being nothing but a propaganda machine. News -ha!!
After Trump apologizes!
Please pass along my apology
This should be the last one!! Enough of their bullshit!! @PressSec Sarah we are so sorry that you had to endure that 
If it’s the last one they will claim pulling the plug on freedom of speech. This like it or not is good. Let people say what they want. Don’t censor them. We don’t want that. But their own words will be their undoing to an America they take for fools
Not sure why a reporter would comment on this - but this is encouraging fake news and fueling attacks on Michelle Wolf. She actually said, “Sarah Sanders burns facts and uses the ashes to create her perfect smokey eyes.” #whcd
Yet Trump mentions Hispanics, at his hate rally, the crowd boos and this is their focus?
FOX News must have never seen a roast performance before.  Someone got they're widdle feelings hurt.
At a roast, the person roasted gets to speak last and attack those that attacked them. Very simple concept but I understand it is tough for you.

Thoughts and prayers for Sarah Huckabee Sanders for bravely facing the horrific personal insult of “smokey eye” while proudly speaking for the man who did this: 
The press are the anarchy... they don't  cover the news, they state opinions & hate. They are jackals from hell with note pads & microphones.. Sarah Sanders is stellar and a Christian woman, something they will never be.

The world should get an apology from the Republican Party
Here go the snowflakes again.
Apology? Wait, got it right here somewhere  .......
And you should apologize for all the LIES you spout everyday. 45 should apologize for his hatred of everyone who is not WHITE and Christian. It was only locker room talk, get over it.
Reiner has it right
Lol go to hell Fox!
For what. Jokes that were a bit too real for y'all?
Umm no it’s called the 1st amendment and until @foxandfriends and @realDonaldTrump @PressSec apologize for all of the lies they have spewed for the last year+ So just like you people are allowed so is the rest of the country. You reap what you sew right????
Sure, just As soon as trump apologizes to everyone he’s offended haha fucking republican snowflakes
Trump runs and hides. Sends whipping girl to WHC Dinner to take the heat for his lies.
Lol, an apology.. that’s funny.
But we are the snowflakes. Okay.
That will never happen and I get so tired of hearing dumb apologies from people, apologies do not fix anything, nor do they undo damage, and rarely are they even sincere.  People should learn how to empathise and save their breath with empty apologies.
While that was happening the president was calling for the construction of a multi-billion dollar monument to American racism.
#WHCD
The WH Corespondents could all just disappear and Earth would be a MUCH better place.
@POTUS #ReleaseTheTexts #NoRedactions #IBOR #QAnon
She wants an apology for Michelle basically saying her makeup was on point? Cause that seems to be what you folks are freaking out about. Perhaps it is yourselves who should be apologizing for privately judging SHS on her looks.  Projection is a helluva thing.
You guys said Obama wasn’t born here, so no apologies from the COMEDIAN for you.
holding a comedian in higher standards than the White House and POTUS?
@FoxNews, how come you never demanded Trump apologize for his bullying and insults on Twitter? #PickAndChoose #hypocrites
Freaking crybabies!!
You cannot be serious. Trump mocks people everyday. The handicapped, Mexicans, women’s looks, people’s intelligence, people’s religion, it never ends. But you are upset about what a comedienne said about a person’s eyeshadow? Talk about a snowflake.
LOL, no.
Fox News, the most pasty faced men I’ve ever seen.
They never go outside but instead are maintained in stasis until awakened by the hive,like the Borg.
They speak Foxian a strange dialect that transforms reality for their viewership.
Today they are programmed to be,
Indignant
Fuck no. Trump needs to apologize first to the people he offended. That will take him about three - five years.
Sure. Right after @realDonaldTrump gives his apologizes to all those he's called names.
The fact that they didn't shows how they really hate this administration and that we will never see fair reporting from this group. In this part of the country you don't treat a lady like that. Disagree fine disrespect never.
No apology here...
Sarah @PressSec Sanders should apologize to the White House Correspondents’ Association and the American people for lying to them every day.
Absolutely ~
But they taste so delicious when they melt...
Sooo, @michelleisawolf talked about eye makeup...How bout, first, @realDonaldTrump apologizes to all of the women he has put down over the years for their looks? @Twitter might run out of storage space on its servers to accommodate all those tweets, but it's ok. We'll wait.
When do the American people get Sarah Huckabee Sanders' apology for all the brazen bald-faced lies she has told us? When do the American people get an apology from Faux News for all the Trump bilge they spew every day?
Lolololololol
Never. You bozos can sure dish it out, but you whine like babies when the table is turned.

Weak, impotent, Trump supporters.
The WHCA’s Attacks on @SHSanders45 is a good demonstration of why @realDonaldTrump has skipped this Liberal assemblage.
No she shouldn't
When I heard the pundit describe Sander's roast as, "mean, viscious, cruel" I though he was describing a Trump statement.
#RepublicanHypocrisy #TrumpRussiaConspiracy #FoxNewsSpewsIgnorance #TrumpIsSoBroke @realDonaldTrump #TrumpPornStarAddict
And we're still waiting for an apology from John Kelly to Frederica Wilson for the (proven) lies on her, from the WH podium. He should be held to a higher standard than a comedian, just like POTUS should.
It's just locker room talk, bro
Sarah Sanders should APOLOGIZE to the AMERICAN PEOPLE, who pay her salary, for her DAILY LIES, ATTACK ON FREE PRESS!!!
Because she lies? Or because she has a Smokey eye?
Just go ahead and hold your breath Ed.
Michelle Wolf - “Sarah Huckabee Sanders tells lies”
 Trump- “Mexico is World War Z and I will shut the country down if Congress doesn’t pay for my wall”
 Fox News - MICHELLE WOLF IS A MONSTER"
There were two speeches last night:

Michelle Wolf - “Sarah Huckabee Sanders tells lies”…
Sarah should apologize for the lies she tells every day to the American people.
Donald Trump told the crowd in Michigan "the media hates all of you."  The media responds by attacking a comedian.
Lefties always want to put people down....it's blossoms from their own insecurity.
Today I learned that saying someone wears smoky eye shadow is an insult to their looks.  I also learned that Republicans are very upset when they get called out for all their gaslighting.
Sanders makes disgustingly  rude remarks to members of the press everyday. She knowingly lies to 300 million American taxpayers everyday. No apologies to Nazis.
How about if she first apologizes to the entire program field of journalism
For . . . what, exactly?  Mentioning her eye makeup?   Skin's a little thin at FNC and the White House (but I repeat myself . . . ).
This may be the first time that I beg anyone for anything, but I’m begging you @michelleisawolf PLEASE don’t apologize for a (french word) thing!!!
When are you going to apologize to the Obamas?
Ed we can consider that if you and Fox News will apologize for every damn lie you have ever told to the tide eating audience you pander to.
...if so, then I expect Sarah Sanders owes all of America an apology for supporting the abusive bastard in the White House.
Y'all are pathetic.
Yeah no. We put up with 8 years of GOP obstruction, slander & libel against Obama, slurs & insults. Under Trump were subject to white supremacists, neo-Nazi’s, slandering of the media, FBI & IC, bullying, inciting violence, protestor murdered, racism, xenophobia, misogyny. GFY

Get over it snowflakes. The Liar in Chief says way worse
No. The American people should get an apology from @PressSec Suckabee aka #AuntLydia for her lies and rudeness. They are called jokes. #snowflakes #maga
As soon as we get an apology from @PressSec for all the lies she tells...
She should apologize to us!
Sure Ed. Right after trumb apologizes for the thousands of disgustingly horrible things he has said about....well, everybody.
Can America get an apology from Fox "News" for the illegitimate president?

Hillary Clinton should get an apology for 40 years of Republicans calling her a criminal.
The performers on #FakeNewsFox should be ashamed of themselves for pushing segregation, racism, lying, hatred, division, conspiracy theories, fake news. Their unethical behavior is disgusting & pathetic. I can't imagine having a job where I can only say what I'm told to say #WHCD
Apologize?
Why Eddie?
Did you apologize to your wife for having an affair?
An apology? Such a weak cuck response. 
Who gives a shit about an apology. 
They meant every word. 
I don't want an apology. 
Just absorb who these people really are,  and then act accordingly. 
We despise them just as much and we don't apologize for that.
WHCA should apologize, and you “hold Trump accountable” for referring to the media as the enemy of the American people.  But you and others conflate the Fake News Media with all media in quoting this statement.  You are not included in the Fake News Media.
CNN and NBC are doing their industry a disservice.
@rmack2x @edhenry This should end this dinner.
Why? If she can't  stand the heat, she should get out of the kitchen. Now she knows how it feels when the shoe is on the other foot. She has done worse to journalists with her rude, crude, arrogant and condescending attitude. She never once apologized to anyone.
Basically.... 
People in glass houses shouldn’t throw stones! This administration has very thin glass walls!
Ed, I like you. My question is why did no male in the room who felt uncomfortable stand up and scream "Stop this?" At what point do we stand ground to defend moral and human decency?

This administration is suddenly so concerned about respect and decorum.
An entire "news" organization is calling on a comedian to apologize for a joke, but refuses to hold the President of the United States to the same standard? @michelleisawolf spoke truth to power; @PressSec lies & condescends daily on behalf of @realDonaldTrump criminal enterprise
It's a joke about her being a liar with eyeshadow thrrown in. Snowflakes. Ahahahaha
#Foxnews?.. your propaganda,

state run, divisive network

should apologize to the nation.
8====3 ~~ ~~  D:
#FoxNews should apologize to America for being Trump’s propaganda machine.
Nah. Being “nice” to Trump‘s admin isn’t the decent thing to do. Better to be open and honest about their cruelty, corruption, and mendacity. We must stand up to evil, not treat it like it’s a legitimate side in a debate. Also you’re a moron if you trust or respect these people.
Here ya go.....   signed, a nasty woman
What delicate snowflakes. Dish it out but can't take it.
For telling the truth? Maybe SHS should apologize for constantly lying from the podium.
That’s the snowflake calling the snowflake...snowflake.
Agreed, but for you to insist on fair and balanced is ironic to say the least!
Leftists are Fake feminists!!!
