@realDonaldTrump
They just don't understand how wrong they continue to be about Trump.
Surprise - a Democrat doesn't want you to pay attention to Trump #Winning
@realDonaldTrump

The urophile -in-chief who is affiliated with performing Golden shower with prostitutes,is the shot in the face of the US& an embarrassment to American nation.
He won't admit the Democrats didn't have the balls to talk tough to North Korea!  They are all losers trying to figure out what their next jobs will be!
President Trump Making The World Great Again! #followme

Trump should not attend summit too much at steak to have a loose cannon in attendance.
The easiest person to sell is to another salesman! Just saying! They like the glitter not the detail.
I would say leader not supreme!
no matter what #hatersgonnahate @DNC is filled with haters. #MAGA
Definition of ignorant
I don't think this bozo knows the difference between strategic and tactical.
We should be preparing for War. They aren’t going to prepare 3 generations for nukes to just walk away!
Hope we are ready for what could happen.
WAR WHAT IS IT GOOD For...
Our 401k's , Our 3 bedroom, 2-1/2 bathroom homes.
 Per PBS the underclass built the USA. 
Pres. Trump

 WE BUILD USA
THERE IS A WHITE BLINDING LIGHT AT THE END OF THIS NIGHTMARE TUNNEL!!!
It is a terrific opportunity, but let’s see results first. First on the People he oppressed all these years. And the total removal of weapons of deadly force. To soon a summit will be a Huge Mistake. It will become just a Photo Op for North Korea. Big mistake if meeting soon
I find it ironic that the dem’s are giving all sorts of advice on how president Trump should handle North Korea!
That's spectacular!! !
@ChrisCoons what have you done to get the situation to this point, I’ll tell you. Nothing. Keep doing your media tours and read your talking points.
Why didn't you vote for tax cuts Mr Coons seeing that you know so much about strategy. What is your strategy in regards to taxing and spending.
Chris Coons, another partisan hack senator. Tough to give credit where credit is due. What a tremendous opportunity, the table is being set, imagine the Korean Peninsula being denuclearized!!! Our President is earning his foreign policy stripes after being left with s big mess
Rex Tillerson set up this approach and opened the door with NK but was fired because he was approaching North Korea through negotiation.
#자유한국당_홍준표대표님과 모든 국회의원님 #드로킹특검!!잘해주세요 
개인적으로 드로킹은 [김재동] 이라고 봅니다 
사진에서 정의당 [심상정, 유시민 옆에 녹색당[거지꼴, 이윤택머리스타일]한 자는 #천호선 이라고합니다
오원춘=#문창극 언론장악 ,여론조작 -네이버는 #홍석현
김재동 대역쯤이야
So the North Korean testing site collapsed and is leaking radiation. The entire mountain collapsed. Then Kim Jog Dung offers to close the testing site? And that's a good deal? Thanks to Trump? Are you kidding me?
Let’s hope Democrats don’t screw it up. Trump only president in history to directly negotiate with it North Korea
More “I think” #lies
Hairstyle sponsored by Moses.
#FakeNewsFox  spamming #lies in #twitter are these made up commitments??
How Ronald Reagan Turned Out the Lights on Solar Power https://psmag.com/environment/ronald-reagan-extinguished-solar-power-66874 … via @pacificstand
