@realDonaldTrump MBuhari the President of Fulani Nigeria terrorist Republic is alone, he visited empty stadium at Bauchi, indigenous people are seeing buhari as a terrorist, all of them with Buhari including Defense chief are culprits in crime against humanity @StateDept
The EU should see itself as what it’s becoming - muslimland (aka: a dumping ground for followers of the 3rd world death cult ideology islam.) sharia be come’n and she ain’t pretty - or sane.
The European union is old news. It does not have the legs.
Guess they forgot that when they are on the brink of extinction, they counted on the US and Canada to rescue them?
Nigel. Ever the twat.
Armeggedon ..@illumina @ILLUMINATIAM @Bilderberg @CERN @Charles_HRH @Edward_HRH @POTUS @TheBushCenter @georgesoros @London bomb.@NewYork
@TheIlluminati @ThelIluminatii  @PutinRF_Eng @Putin_RF @MedvedevRussiaE @Queen_Europe @Queen_UK @QueenMahm .armeggedon..bomb.
Like when they saved us from the Germans during WWII?  Oh wait, ........
didnt the french massively help your ass against the british for independence?
Det är bra det...USA är ingen världspolis...sluta med att tro det !!
It always has.
That is its purpose.
Really nay because of Trump being so unhinged and chaotic.
Why shouldn’t it? The only real New World Order is the US trying to impose its will on the world
Good luck with that. Don’t brink a knife (EU) to a gun fight (Trump) never ends well
Any open assessment of the world shows that China and the EU are both challengers to the US.  Of those 2 China is the more challenging to US interests because it is more unitary.  The EU has structural problems exacerbated by Farage and his xenophobic nationalism.
EU = Globalists

Globalists = Socialists

Socialism = EVIL
The EU better think again about tha.
It is.  Pretty simple really. Considering the US ranks 17th in the world in education, 24th in literacy, 33rd in internet speed, and is 2nd,behind Italy, for ignorance of social concerns I’d have to say they are not only rivals, they beat us in many key areas.
Economically EU should be our rival, it's only normal. Everything else, they'd better think twice: we saved their sorry arsses once, we might just think twice about having American blood spilled for them again!
Germany and others...
Trump an his admin is not only separating America it's separating the world now, Satan is here his time is up.
EU has learned how Trump works.
That is because Trump has attacked just about every European nation since taking office. Attacked NATO, told May to mind her own business. Describes London as a hell hole. How do expect Europeans to feel?
Bring it!
the EU should rather see itself as ‘somalia-north’ or ‘pakistan-west.’
@realDonaldTrump knows America has his back, and America knows @POTUS will put America 1st
The EU as a rival to America is a NO CONTEST! The EU is Bush league and America is the Elite.
It is. And with this new President, it’s really losing value and relevance
Your dumazz wanted to Brexit.
Is it America’s place to be the world’s the prime adversary?
And that’s news? I heard that in Europe 30 years ago.
little Lord Haw-Haw
Fox News is spreading discord at every level.  Putin says, Great Job!
@Nigel_Farage is a clown. Who cares what he thinks?
On which side is he on actually?  @Nigel_Farage   he's never said to reform EU. He prefers if EU goes appart into Russian ruling
And it really is.
You mean the future Russian suburbs... That's what they will be if remove our military... 
Perhaps the EU sees it's self as a "rival" to the U.S. sorry but thats like saying Kim Jong Un is a fashion trend setter!
Friends
Meanwhile the Americans are still burning tax dollars in figuring out whether Russia is a rival or a friend for over a year now.
Every other country in the world, especially the ones that want to do us harm, recognize that America is currently weak and vulnerable.
Well we see the EU as a new Islamic State.
Who cares what they think
Good luck with that!
Yeah good luck with that European Union. I am sure after the mass migrant influx you allowed, we will be going back over at some point to save you from yourself again.
If they do that's stupid they only have like 300 nukes vs our 6800
And all of them belong to France (well rn they're split pretty evenly between UK and France and they have like 500 but I don't count UK bc they're leaving)
No it doesn't

PHOTO: Wounded warrior and his little angel  
