Eu profiting from Iran and have no desire to change it .
مرگبرآمریکا...بجزعمو جانی وخاله الکسیزو جنیفراصلاکص ننه ی همتون یدونه مثال هست کمیگه کیراسب رستم توکون رییس جمهورآمریکا تغریبای چنین چیزی اون پسره مهران یادتونه۱۳ساله کیر اونم دهن  مادر ترامپ برا تفریح با تشکراز سایت برازرس مادر قهبه حالا برو مفهوم توییتمو کونتو پاره کن تا بفهمی
I guess that means this Libtard senator wants Iran to develop nukes. How you see why the Dimms must remain in the minority
#AnotherFailedObamaOperation
Yes, we have that deal now. Fox viewers think we are “giving nukes” to Iran. Stop making our country stupid.
Like that's gonna stop then!
LMAO Obama & John Kerry Iran deal GUARANTEED Iran  would have nukes in 20 yrs
While signaling to the rest of the world, that agreements made wit USA aren’t worth the paper they’re printed on.
Ok then for another issue make sanction ?
Do u really think we would not stand even with trouble Gov?
The worst Iranian gov better than USA Europe 
Check history #frederick #prussia
#iran stand on his words
But you have a own nuclear weapons different grades right
Please check the last @LastWeekTonight
Hey Chris, why are you smirking when you ask Bolton questions? What's up with that?  Almost like you're giving him a pass, but that can't be right? since you're so fair and unbiased...
#MAGA all you have to do is listen to Marie Harf talk about Iran and NOKO n you clearly understand how they took advantage of Kerry and State Dept. Inept, amateur, and “as_ handed to them” (Kerry, Harf, and Huessein) come to mind. Don’t forget same Iran group did NOKO.
“The Daniel Project”- Youtube. Hebrew speaking Biblical Scholar Jacob Prasch on past present &  future conflict with Israel, Iran, Russia & the west.
It takes a lot4 me2 stomach Chris Wallace
Example Y:
NThe interview Wallace 
doesn’t touch corruptionN the Mueller Investigation4 the reason behind possible firing Mueller.

He doesn’t state a bill like this would be UNCONSTITUTIONAL 
That The Prez Has The Authority To Fire Him
U.S being bullies.
Brilliant analysis, Chris... That’s literally the reason for the multinational agreement with Iran that seems to be doing exactly that so far. 
We need more politicians like him on both sides.
coon the con claims Trump is wrong for fixing the historically first half black gay community organizer payoff of tax payer money scam, jewish chris wallick silent

A top-polling Republican Senate candidate in California has called for a country "free from Jews."
http://bit.ly/2r5YIIa  
Except of course what Obama did should have been called the Iran nuclear delay not deal #FNS
Trump's Enquirer friend is throwing Cohen under the bus where anyone who helps Trump ends up.

