Don't be surprise if Bolton messes things up and we have nuclear missiles coming towards the United States.
Don't be surprised when it works.  Anybody who ever thought any level of acceptance, acquiescence, or appeasement to a rogue nuclear regime would actually make them lay down their weapons just has not paid attention for the past 60 years.
But I hear KJU is an honorable man.
His honor, or lack thereof, is completely irrelevant.  Completely.  This is not about honor.  This is about defanging his country.  Period.
Make OBAMA President again @realDonaldTrump @DarthBannon1 @BarackObama

@realDonaldTrump
Looks like Trump just freed up some more golf time.
Here comes the Warhawk talking tough again!  Bolton, big step forward this week, sorry you probably won’t get to bomb them
Bye-bye summit
That stupid impending doom is what gets other countries to hate us. You use the lower mental capacity of power for control.
And, carbohydrates...
John Bolton: the right man, at the right time, in the right job.
This guy shouldn't be allowed to talk. War is what he wants. Nothing else.
Warmongers, I'm not surprised...
Aaaaaand the other shoe finally drops... A US-NoKo summit is and always was a 50/50 proposition.
When did this push broom upper lip war monger become @POTUS ?

Just remember this ladies & gents, your kids are absorbing the creepiness that is  exuding from the DC cesspool. The alleged correspondents  White House Dinner 2018, was ended with the display indicating DC is the evolving modern day Sodom and Gomorrah.SAD
'Citizen Kim' won't stop building fireworks in his garage until 'Uncle Sam', the Don of fireworks, stops running Naval exercises with fireworks in the pond on Citizen Kim's front lawn! Now the Don demands an empty garage or CK's garage will swim with the fishes! Eh Luigi? :)
Funny Bolton Praising talks. He ridiculed Obama for even considering talks as being weak. Now he's all about talks? We has called to bomb NK to dust in his past. @AmbJohnBolton is a joke.
Bolton hates peace.
His haircut says a lot about him.  Wacko.
BOLTON   d bombastic bastard

Easy now don't over reach before you even talk. Be smarter than that. It will happen quick enough!

Yes because America should be the only country allowed to have nukes and defend themselves. LOL FO American arrogance at its finest.
No, United Nations says trump must disclose his stock investments in China's RFID, medical equipment?????
Trump needs to kick this cray Trotsky to the curb!
There goes your NPP...lol
Bolton, 
you need to acknowledge reasonably proposed suggestions,
" keep what you have,
build no more, 
no research, 
only r&r "
Yeah? What does tRump say?
Trump thinks KJU is an honorable man. What could go wrong?
What an idiotic strategy and mindset. Bolton wants to mess things up. Peace Summit, Going, Going .....!
Yes
and the Brooklyn bridge is still for sale


Bolton will make this happen.
Yeah who the hell cares what this guy thinks... he’s a war hungry little man who was picked on growing up and now gets a slight whiff of power and it goes to his head.... from that picture it must of went mostly to his mustache!
MAN DON'T START WITH THE CONFUSION BE A MAN GO MEET AND TALK ABOUT THAT SITUATION AT HAND...
I think Kim should check with Kanye first  he is her husband
It's bold.  Do that privately..  don't destroy him publicly before the meeting or he might tell us to screw off...  Then where are we?
How are you going to verify they've stopped?
Just don’t mess this up coz you’re crazy Bolton. I hope @POTUS does it HIS way and  NOT listen to you.
Why do we keep adding restrictions to this Summit? The President said he would meet. Stop adding more crap. Talk to the man and work things out. NEGOTIATE!!!

BREAKING!: Bolton says the Sun will rise in the east.

It's easy to play tough guy, to demand one to do something in which they have already agreed to do.
If I was advising Kim I would remind him what happened to Col Qaddafi after he gave up his nukes.
That advice for me is not good.  Trump must go to the summit an see what happen. Hear, think and act.  Get best for USA. RECIPROCAL
山姆大叔：朝鲜已经拥有核技术，怎么放弃？难道要把朝鲜核技术及硬盘全部销毁？难道能够掏空朝鲜人的大脑？
That’s right
Bolton is simply an enemy of humanity.
Renewed Revival for The People Of North Korea. Than the Denuclearization Program. I would give I One Year before any Talks. Sooner as I see it would be unwise. Let’s make this not a Photo Op. Let’s First see results before any Meeting.
It would be of utmost importance that No Meetings will be held until we see results of the Denuclearization and how North Korea’s People are being Treated. The Humankind and it’s Dignity must be firstvand formost on President Donald Trumps Mind First. He Must First Show Complete
I hope he does 
The war monger is trying to sabotage the peace talks
Get real... Never gonna happen
He says, tungsten-in-cheek.

Go try to find an NKA General.
Might want to be careful there, might cost Trump that Nobel.
I knew John Bolton would get the job done
It’s done already?
Trump is going to meet with Kim for a photo-op; he doesn't care about the deal. Trump just want to get any deal and say he is a good negotiator. Fox News will have their talking heads perpetuating the talking points.
Well there goes the summit then...
Just who is this idiot...just another trump bullyboy without the basic common sense needed to understand threats create a diplomatic void....
Similar to the voix between his ears.
Bolton’s right!  Like Trump or not, Trump and his Admin have made this happen.  If this goes as planned, Nobel Peace Prize worthy!
Before? So much for all the hype.
Bolton needs to catch up on the news coming from North Korea.....

Kim announced exactly that already. Also asked for US help to deal with it and invited International Press to observe....

Catch your breath @AmbJohnBolton and stay focused....
Looks like Bolton got played just a wee bit... Someone is a few steps ahead of him....

Just saying 
Good interview
No prisoners
Well, Summit ... Summon it..?
Absolutely.
Bolton trying to sabotage the meeting from the start? People with any sense don't give up all their leverage BEFORE the negotiations start. Standard US bully negotiation tactics wont work with Korea. If Bolton doesnt realize that he should  be fired.
AGREE.
Well, that Summit is never going to happen then.   Kim has no intention of giving up his nukes,  at least not until the US completely withdraws from Korea.
My guess..NOKO is as concerned about our National Security head as they are about our President
A large portion of the world still isn't very civilised and brute force is all they understand. (The equivalent to speaking clearly in the civilized world.) Liberals only speak liberalism so it's a concept that can't grasp.
And I’ll crap gold bars when that happens.
Are we going to end up cleaning Rocket Man's nuclear mess?  Still aftershocks as recent as 4/22.  What has he done???
oh yeah here is Bolton's negotiating "power". [You must do this], otherwise....yadda yadda yadda. Why is this "has been" still relevant as politician?. My fear is, that he will actually cause the war.
Trump thinks Kim is now an honourable man, why should Kim give up the nukes if America won’t?
Other than Faux news, let's see how long it is before other MSM have this idiot on their programs. He is afraid of the confrontation I'm sure.
Kim waa nin wanaagsan oo aad lumiso.
Pretty sure that Kim Jong-un already announced that to South Korea yesterday.  Is this like Trump taking credit for NKs nuclear test moratorium after the collapse of their test facility? 

Someone tell Trump we aren’t idiots.
following the recent positive developments on the Korean peninsula by Kim Jong-un we can assume from Boltons comments that for whatever reason the USA want either to humiliate Kim or even maintain a divided country on a war footing
Caution : email virus :
Jim jong un is not stupid as you think
Ah so make sure the Summit doesn't happen so Trump can't negotiate the treaty because we would rather have WWIII than let Trump look good. Sounds like a swamp dweller. Why does he have a job?
Does Mr. Bolton think that is a real possiblity?
You have to hold pressure on NK but don't be unreasonably cruel
Kim:  who are you? I’m dealing with SK and China now. You Americans are cray-cray!
I am the walrus koo koo ka-chew.
Bolton like everyone, has an opinion  as he has an asshole but needs not act like one.
His comments seem interfering with high level talks with NK. Bolton not involved !
John Bolton on Iraq...and everything else
Adolf Bolton shut your mouth. You're a complete light weight at diplomacy. Things are going well and you're trying to ruin it. #DeepStateJohn
Bolton is probably it looks like they won't a war with Korea!
Hey Bolton when I see u in hell im gonna smack u right in the nuts and then when ur holding ur sack in pain I’m gonna say “all in the name of national security”
Bolton’s idea is right and reasonable .
Flip flop POTUS

Here we go !
That is not how things work. Kim would not do that before the summit.
Make Obama president Again @BarackObama @realDonaldTrump

if he's going to do it!!!

Bolton is a jerk, and a walrus
#Strength
Called it

End guest worker programs
Oh. That is how it works.
That’ll happen
Many people are saying Trump is dirty pile of irritating nose pickings
People say a lot of things.
That they do, true.
