Mueller probe needs to end for the good of the nation!
“I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat.” That was a quote by Winston Churchill, so if you truly believe what you said than to you I say fight till you also have nothing more to give and than give 10% more.
I smell desperation.
This guy Jason Miller looks like a carefully shaven bollock.
Then why didn’t people know about the raid?
You make me laugh 13 Russians indicted. Names taken from airport flying manifest and will never be back in the States and never be extradited. Manafort was working for the Podesta group who are also implicated in money laundering. Flynn and Gates we’re scammed into their plea.
Jason Miller's logic makes the world a dumber place.
Took 2 1/2 years to bring down Nixon with a mostly cooperative govt.  Trump and GOP are doing everything they possibly can to stall, hinder, and obstruct
Was an actual crime to spark the investigation of Watergate. So far this is an investigation in search of a crime.
Investigation is on Russian interference into the election.  Which happened.  Even Trump has said so.  And multiple indictments and guilty pleas came out of your "search".  They're all going to go down.
Wrong.  Not one leak from Mueller's team. He is building a bulletproof case against this corrupt regime. Numerous charges, multiple indictments, arrests and coorperations....Mueller is doing his job in taking down this Mob President.
Mob president
Glad you agree
it did,  that's why there's an investigation duh
The thing is Mueller doesn’t leak

#MuellerTime #MuellerisComing
Why us anyone listening to this guy?
This is the dumbest reasoning I’ve ever heard. It’s much more telling to look at the 17 indictments and 5 guilty pleas. Those facts indicate that there most certainly is “something on collusion”.
Because so much has leaked from the mueller investigation?

Nope
would’ve already been in the nsa’s exhaustive ever growing database would’ve been no need for the farce of an 18 century style investigation

Nothing leaked about Flynn before they wanted it in the public domain.
?? What exactly was Flynn guilty of ?? #WWG1WGA
Flynn has pleaded guilty. You do know that right?
Not what I asked. I asked you, what exactly was he guilty of ???
Well we both know then so please make your point.
I actually don't know. No one could find exactly what he lied about yet he plead guilty ?? Don't you find that interesting ??
I know he pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI but I will be honest don't know the details off hand.
So let Mueller finish his investigation and stop whining about it!
If you are not believing what is coming out now, why would you have believed what would have come out earlier?
Tell us about the moon landing Jason.
Oh good God! When this is all said and done, his words will show his blind loyalty to this corrupt and treasonous Administration.
Mueller's people don't leak. And "collusion" is the least of Trump's worries.
Much needed... keep it going take care of yourself. #FindTime #follow #lifestyle #Motivation #Mindset #Therapy #Entrepreneurial #BossUp
Muellers Team is not like Trumps Team ,they have NO leaks .liar .
The lawyer of the POTUS home and office gets raided by the Government he serves ... its historic ... why wasn’t that leaked???
Only a man of undeniable guilt would incessantly attempt to impede on an investigation conducted by the only organization on the planet who is capable of proving his innocence.
Allow Mueller to finish the job that Republicans appointed him to do.
Maybe if you were in charge..  nobody saw any of the current indictments coming (Manafort, Gates..etc), Mueller isn't leaking, just ask Cohen..
Unlike the White House the FBI does not leak like crazy.I doubt it would have been leaked however we should stick to the facts not speculation Jason Miller.After all collusion is not illegal obstruction is & Trump said he fired Comey to stop the Russian investigaiton, obstruction
@DonaldJTrumpJr @jaredkushner Bannon, Gates, Papadopoulos, Flynn, Manafort, is that enough for you? No leaking needed
Yea the actual emails about a meeting in Trumptower with Russians will never leak........ Wait.
It is an FBI CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION, against the sitting president! THIS IS GONNA TAKE TIME ! Btw " Benghazi" was 2 years long
We've consistantly known virtually nothing about Mueller's team's activities except what we can see from the outside.
The conclusions hasn’t leaked out yet so that must mean there is nothing I cant believe people are dumb enough to buy this shit 
It's a CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION , against a sitting president! It is GONNA TAKE 2 YEARS , at least ! You fool
I’m on your side, first part was poorly worded sarcasm.  Mueller is riding a shark in my aviator lol
Only 2 dozen people in and around the investigation have stated there was collusion lol...
Narrator: of course, the people who leak all work in the White House.
If the moon landing was faked we would have seen something by now too, but Jason still believes it was
I agree, when they get a thrill up their leg they have to let everyone know.


Do you want to remind people again of how long the Clinton probe took?
Benghazi  ..?
Yes...
Leaked!
Now draw one with all the Democrats.
Proceed, Ernie...
Why are you so scared of the special counsel? Why are you doing everything you can to stop it before they finish? It's like you know Trump is guilty and you don't want him to be prosecuted. Criminals always lose in the end. We need to know the truth!
Why is Trump jr lying and Flynn, Manafort, the coffee guy, Gates and Cohen. Grandpa always said if looks and smells like crap it probably tastes like crap. Follow the money
Ah that sounds like some sound journalistic logic
A secret like Trump collusion would have been leaked so quickly it would make your head spin forever! Plus DJT has been told he is no longer in the collusion cross hairs! End the SC now #MAGA
Wrong.... it’s Mueller.... he is getting the dominoes all lined up.......
What's wrong with Jason's head? Did a bowling ball hit him from behind at high speed? Bad dye job is bad.
Time to close the witch hunt down.
You constantly make a fool of yourself a lot
Muellers team does not leak unlike your team.
Fail.
How the hell would he know? He has no idea what’s going on with the investigation and that’s why we need to wait until it’s over. It’s that simple. 
That’s just a dumb thing for him to say.
Don’t Don Jr.’s emails and the meeting on June 9th bother you? He sure expressed a willingness to accept Moscow’s dirt on HRC.

Can Congress award Trump with an extra year to compensate for the Russia investigation scam? Let's start this debate and watch liberals having a total meltdown. WE CAN CHANGE THE NARRATIVE ONCE AND FOR ALL!
If there was collusion, would have been leaked by FBI: Comey and CIA: Brennan. So far, nada.
How many times do you have to be told...collusion is not a crime...but CLINTON-OBAMA TREASON AND ATTEMPTED COUP D'TAT IS
Sadly, stupidity is not a crime erstwhile you’d be jailed already...
The Dems don't care about the Nation! It's about time you people realize that. The Swamp Repubs don't care either. President Trump does!
Jason Miller FOX NEWS propaganda boy
It was safeguarded by the GOP and in particular Nunes...
It has leaked out @JasonMillerinDC. We all see it. And you do too.
It's Rosenstein that needs to be fired or asked to leave the AG office.
Leaks don't run on a script.
Look the Lame Stream Media projected a Trump loss in the election
So why would we listen to the same paid PR agents for DNC?
OK sycophant McFatty. Just like if there were cooperating witnesses, indictments, and guilty pleas, those would leak out too? LOL @ your fat, gross stupidity.
Oh dear lord... read the real news instead of hammering away at your propaganda day after day after day
Well no, cus the people working with Mueller actually respect him and what he’s doing
More lies and propaganda
You can't have it both ways,  you want to prosecute those leaking info while accusing them of not leaking.
Trump tower meeting?
Not by Mueller group, buddy! The only group of professionals that leak nothing to nobody. Unlike the idiot @GOP politicians. Why not just stay tuned?
With Two Words "IT BEGINS" Exposes COUP !
Peter Strzok Chief of FBI COUNTERESPIONAGE
US Gov Point-man in Regime Changes around the World !

Strzok Text
"It Begins"
NYT Planted Article
"Russian Charged w/Treason linked to Election Hacking" 

Who's NAME is blacked out ?
WHY ?
Personally I just follow the indictments and guilty pleas. Soon only the Trump family is left, and I believe Mueller is working his way to the top.
Jason Miller believes:

It would be nice for someone to print the connections muellers team has with the obama admin. Oh wait, it’s already been addressed. Final conclusion - fishing expedition = nothing
Hey, love your profile quote komrade. How about you act on the first part of it? Final conclusion? Trump Jr. publicly admitted trying to collude w/Russia, Trump kisses Putin's ass. Since Jr.'s owned by dad, & Trump's Putin-love illogical,  that's enough to start an investigation.

Did Jason Miller borrow Sebastian Lukács Gorka’s goatee for “gravitas”?
Unless he had help...

#shillshoutout to @RepStefanik in the #ny21!
Only if it got to Nunes.  Mueller team doesn't leak.
Wallace is becoming disconnected ..... bias against Trump or both.
Based on what? The previous investigations into the President of the United States' campaign colluding with the Russians to rig the election?
I believe this horror show began, the very moment Trump coined the phrase "I Love The Poorly Educated".
that's the simple truth about it, for how long closed to 2 years now? you can,t hide an elephant under a leave the russian story is too big to hidding somewere comfortable.
REALLY @ Maria Harf?? Even South Korean president gave Trump credit!! #NobelPeacePrize #MAGA
Nothing has leaked from Muellers investigation so why would this leak???
So you’re saying the collusion occurred long ago.
It is leaking.
It don't matter the libtards just need something to hold on to

I seem like Fox liar news forgets that there is proof of numerous dirty deal that went on during and after TRump was elected. None of you fools at Fox liar news know what Mueller has or doesn't have. Quit acting like someone at this fake news station know what really going on.
I love how y’all like to take, so many, quotes out of context from your interviews and make them tweets!
Patience is a virtue, though virtue is a concept completely escaping this President.
In case you haven’t noticed,Mueller runs a tight ship and there hasn’t been any information leaked about the investigation.
No collusion with this administration might should check the prior one though.....tick tock!
Sure, Obama and Clinton colluded with Russia so Clinton can lose. Are you really that stupid?
Political correctness is not acceptable. Specifically not acceptable by those who vote Our POTUS.
DEPENDS!!!! It stops the leaking.
Is this a person or a bowling ball????
The lawyer at the Trump tower meeting leaked she was an informant for the Kremlin. Does that count?
I am confounded by this man's jawline
Absolutely, with all the leaking, any collusion would have made its way to the public forum!!!
Our POTUS is being politically correct. As such, he will not fire the corrupt Mueller cabal. Also, Our POTUS is being politically correct, when he does not order Sessions to investigate the Clinton/Obuma resistance cabal. Such cabal apparently includes the Muller boondoggle.
It HAS been OUT for months now, Idiot!

Beyond hilarious what @realDonaldTrump supports  “choose” to believe.
LOL
Guess what it did!
Says who? You’re not part of the investigation nor do you know anything they have or don’t have.


Schiff tried, but he couldn't back it up.
It did.
Junior met with Russian agents at Trump tower.
Trump tower meeting did leak dummy



1


[[ Bakari Sellers schools Jason Miller on Trump’s 'breeding' slur: "Of course it was derogatory"
https://mobile.twitter.com/rawstory/status/988596601915572224 … ]]

#DACA #DREAMers
2

[[ Those whose genes aren’t pure will be denied healthcare & "cleansed" from society
https://mobile.twitter.com/dearauntcrabby/status/840991436543807492 … ]]

{{ THREAD—
https://mobile.twitter.com/khanoisseur/status/784401554480566272 … }}

#Breeding: Trump on his racehorse theory of human development & genetic superiority


#DACA #DREAMers

http://CoolnessForever.com  

Coolness Everywhere…
