Yea....a coalition of white people.
At least he has a Coalition
Ooh....excellent comeback....I stand down. Not. A coalition that is not representative of the demographics of this country will not survive in this country. So enjoy your little Old White Man's Country Club while you can, the end is near.
Please let’s not hate. It’s our America and thanks for my first tweet
I have no hate. I was just pointing out the obvious. It's an honor to be your first tweet! lol
I mean, unless by "our" America, you are referring to Old White Men's America. Then I would have to beg to differ. But I'm sure that's not what you meant.
I mean OUR America. I spent 23 years in the army to defend all Americans. I spent most my time overseas and I was really surprised when I came back to see so much dysfunctional racism. I will never be a part of that.
Thank you for your service. My Dad is a Vietnam War Marine veteran. I'm a Native American from the South. I know racism very well. Well enough to understand it's dog whistles. In my opinion, this administration is not representative of what this country is in reality.
Lies
Wow
Then why does he separate people at every turn?
Yeah president let's just bomb them and their families. Let's bomb innocent civilians.
#Truly drowning in the swamp

On this I agree but the swamp goes far beyond
Faux News-relinquished all credibility to the worst POTUS to ever disgrace the White House.  Good work, Murdoch!  Should be so proud of this propaganda machine you’ve made!
No Trump is a disaster builder.
#Don’t think so
Right. A coalition builder of Christian white people.
I don’t think so
They have no choice, after 6 massive underground nuke test, The Korea Fault line has been disturbed causing Earth Quakes, Land collapse and now massive radiation leaks coming from the ground...
The North Koreans are being paid back by mother earth

Both still attended the NBC/MSNBC after party: 
You both showed a lot of class thank you and I as part of America was watching The swamp will be held accountable
Proud of Matt and Mercedes to leave the dinner. I found the comedian s rant disgusting. More conservatives should have followed.. Juan Williams called her actions “rude”. This is beyond rude. How would he like to hear those remarks about his family.
You hit the nail on the head
You must have missed the part where Little Rocket Man lost his Ace in the Hole bargaining chip and suddenly decidedto play nice instead. Trump got played because Un called it - he's a #Dotard.
#
Yeah, President @realdonaldtrump was able to build a coalition between the #KKK, Neo-NAZI Skinheads, Midwest farmers, and the @GOP, but shout out to @FoxNews for their help.
Why are you so hate filord?
Two people that think Trump is an orange joke shake hands on the other side of the world and Trump gets the credit? LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
Such sad child your Your social life needs to catch up to your intellect
President Trump is nation wrecker! Time for you to resign in the national interest!
You need to climb out of the swamp and clean out your ears
You ever throw up in your mouth a little bit when you say things like this about Drumpf?
#Nope

Yup, every racist, extremist, and fascist love him and joined the same coalition.

Really?  Only in the @FoxNews Universe.
North and South Korea were working out their difference. South Korea invited North Korea to the Olympics and they worked out their difference and agreed to ending the civil war. Trump is taking credit but was not there.  He did not do it at all.
You are really ignorant on how things work
What exactly is wrong with Sarah's looks.  She is an attractive woman
Yep
Yes, a coalition of hatred.
No I don’t think so

PHOTO: Wounded warrior and his little angel  
#They look exactly like Dorothy shoes
With our enemies, maybe.
Most of the comments were so hate field and I fear for their futures
@POTUS insulted the #Paralympics....
 
... "It's fun how values can waiver." --- @michelleisawolf
A Coalition of Lawyers maybe .
Is that what you call Klan Rallies ?

He doesn't seem able to build one in the GOP
Mind boggling stupidity.
ROFL ... yeah, Trump is doing such a great job uniting the country.  Wolf should have used that joke at the WHCD last night.
He’s a liar
And peace maker ?
Damn straight 
I can't decide if her head or her husband's is further up Trump's ass??
It’s true. He’s uniting natural adversaries against him.
Fox news trump propaganda arm
And a good morning to don’t you think

If you are a Trump supporter or member of his administration and aren’t willing to condemn his vulgar and mean spirited behavior every day, then i don’t want to hear what you have to say about a comedian.
you believe it. I don't.
Clutches pearls and flees WHCA dinner. Goes on Fox and brazenly lies.
He did a great job getting Russia involved..
What coalition has he built? He his actually tearing this country apart.
Hahahaha
Your doing a great job PRESIDENT TRUMP!!! Dont listen to all these left turns. Just keep doing Right!!! #MAGA # KAG
Didn't she run away from a little politically incorrect locker room talk? Poor snowflake?
No..he's not.
Coalitions are sure building up against him.  Your half truth exposes the real truth.
In case you missed this one it was pretty funny "I know as much as some of you might want me to, it's 2018 and I'm a woman, so you cannot shut me up — unless you have Michel Cohen wire me $130,000."

Hahaha. We’ll just pretend Trump was not the ONLY participant trying to scrap the Paris Accord and the Iran deal...
Or consistently condemn and criticize our allies. How exactly does one build a coalition again? Maybe if you count all those uniting into a coalition to oppose him.
#NOTALEADER
BWAHHHHHH
He likes grabbing men's hand and walk them like a bride
No Don't think so #CrookedTrump

We admire all you ladies up in WH working for our amazing POTUS doing such great things for us and taking these vicious daily attacks!
Kudos to you and your husband for leaving showed your respect for Sanders and your dislike of what was going on God Bless
Nope. He's a divider.
He brought the Nazis together with the KKK. The Incel and the Alt-right. Racist, misogynist, xenophobic Democrats and racist, misogynist, xenophobic Republicans.
Pedophiles and Republicans. Russian agents and U.S. Generals.
He has brought together people like never before.
I heard you got a schlapp in the face at the White House correspondents dinner. Maybe it’s because you sell stupidity like “Trump is a coalition builder”. Alienating our allies and name calling is not building coalitions.
Not in the United States he’s not. He divides us more every day. He’s a cancer.
President Trump has done more good in the last year and a half and then the last three presidents combined if you can’t see that then you’re just blind
Well Said!
Couldn't agree more. So many people from different walks of life are united in their hatred of wannabe-dictator Trump.
@realDonaldTrump is the most divisive President we have ever witnessed!
You like little kids if you can I have the toy you want you just put your fit
They just say whatever they feel like & hope Americans believe it.That's how they got their viewers 2 believe  Obama was racially divisive rather than acknowledge that all he did by being the first black prez was bring out their inner racist tendencies. Coalition builder, my ass.
You and your husband are poster children of hypocrisy
Plus who is going to clean up water supply of the collapse underground nuke test last year?  Guess that is not a concern.  Effecting major water underground water supply.  Boy you guys are inept
I completely agree I just wish the coalition's he was building were for the benefit of the American people and not his bank account. Whether he refers to the dictator of North Korea as Rocket Man or a good and honorable person doesn't matter. It's all about Trump everyday
You’re as vile as you’re husband
Now what is the question on Japan?..  Hmmm unless you live close and look at history sucker punch coming.
A president that cares to make America first we must be cautious because we are free It allows anti-American groups to form. Stand up and make America great again vote( Republican 2020)
If all this with NK is even true then China did it. Not Trump. Trump is an idiot that couldn't even pull off his own sock.much less foreign policy.
When the threat of nuclear war was real just months ago, who caused that?
You tell the best jokes, Fox.
LMAO! fRump doesn’t know what coalition means.
대박!! 이거 아무래도 트럼프가 북한에게 우방협약 약속했나보네 ㄷ ㄷ “@FoxNews: .@mercedesschlapp: “President Trump is a coalition builder.” ”

Peace Thru Strength! @realDonaldTrump #FoxAndFriends @foxandfriends


Yes. Russian.
Except for Europe, they pretty much don’t care for us anymore
Never Trust Someone Who Kills His Own Family 
with whom nazi’s, White supremacists, Russian oligarchs, slime balls aka @EPAScottPruitt?
He’s a hatred builder, dividing the country

Hilarious
LOL.
Yeah, thanks for that, I needed a good laugh this morning.
That is hysterical. Both sides, right?
True. He created the Resistance.
It's taken #Trump 15 mts to fix the damage #Obama did in 8 years!
The Korea's are talking because they need a pact against him
Kind of would like to know what hes actually done to influence any of this
WHITE short dress,long crossed legs....ya gotta love KNOT NOOSE FAUX for knowing it's BASIC INSTINCT old WHITEboy audience.
What kind of news is this? Why do we need to know this point of view?
Because you’re still in training?
To distinguish reality from whatever else?
Yeah right, President Peace and Harmony. There are families who haven't spoken to each other since the election.
Because the conditioning is too strong 
Damn auto correct, Fox meant to type collusion
He is a sufferer of chronic explosive diarrhea.
It’s true. He got the many disparate factions of the left and center and many on the right to align against him.
Lordy, now you're just trolling. 
Trump is known as a foul noxious cloud of toxic leech balls
