Like Puerto Rico?
#TrumpIsSoBroke
You could be talking about American citizens whom you can’t feed (Flint water) nor keep lights on (Puerto Rico)

Yes you can. It is called slave labor.
Dumbest statement ever made! Why do you suppose they can't feed their people? Why do you suppose they can't keep the lights on? What a dumbass!
Kim does not need a lot of nukes. 
For that matter, neither do we. A few is all it takes to scare everybody.
You only need a few; that’s the worst thing about these.
Then what’s the problem?
Apparently you can.
Especially if it's sinking into the ground.
I.e. a call to curb American military spending while we invest in our people and infrastructure?
Bra att nord och sydkorea  har blivit vänner då det är samma folkslag !!
de tjänar  best på att vara vänner och ha stor nytta av varandra.
That’s actually HOW Communists have been doing things for over one hundred years.
If someone else is paying your bills-you can!
the country is bankrupt....they will get tons of relief supplies for this " we have no other choice "  decession

He doesn't feed his people, he certainly feeds himself and sister well. Tread lightly with this Peace is always better. If the people involved can be trusted.NK works their people constantly and gives them nothing much back. Never happening in America! Dictators SUCK!  Democracy!




...a snake is always a “snake”!
Now a peace treaty establishing two sovereign states.
Why doesn't Comrade Bone Spurs do the same to Assad in Syria who is commiting genocide murdering hundreds of thousands. Nobel Prize is a Joke.

You don't need a lot. The idea is not to have enough to fight a war you could never win. It is to have enough to make it too expensive for anyone to attack you.
You don't even need a a sophisticated delivery system like an ICBM. A few kiloton device in a shipping container in San Diego or Seattle or the Panama canal would do the job.
Like the GOP wanting to increase whaat poor people pay for housing by 300%?    GOP = Greed Over People.
