Not the way it's done. Hope they catch the perp
I blame Trump supporters for this act of brutality!
And we blame your parents for your stupidity
LLH" ROLLING...
I don't find your comment amusing in any way whatsoever!
At least 17 people do, and it’s only been a couple minutes!
I thought your comment was awesome! 
I know my comment is awesome @boxersforlife
Your tweet was stupid  #LiberalismIsMentalIllness
Definitely a trump supporter. 
Just saying.
How brave. 
Call people names on twitter. Explain parasite? 
And get back to me if that bow and arrow weirdo turns out to be a Democrat.
Lol. Good morning MAGA!! 
That’s a nice deer!
And sooooo tasty!
That’s awful. Hunting out of season and obviously not prepared with that horrendous aim. Find them and then put them under the jail.
Also using arrows not designed for larger game.
Damn, you’re right. That looks like a field point.
This was not done by a hunter or sportsman. The deer should have been tracked and put down. All sportsman and hunters care about animals and the environment.
It definitely was done by a hunter. It's not hard to lose an animal especially if your bolt was nowhere near fatal. That said, this isn't a matter where police should be "searching for suspects" as if someone was intentionally wounding deer out of malice.
The blood loss should have slowed the animal down and left a good trail to follow. I have had to trail a few wounded animals; you never stop until the animal is down. This is not a matter for the police but for other hunters to condemn such actions.
Did anyone look to if Trump Jr was in the area?
There are some sick peoples out there I sure hope they are caught
This is so heartbreaking...
Find that SOB AND HANG HIM!!!!!
Now.... using a AR-15, that wouldn't happen.
Do we need arrow control?
Serious question: Why is there a suspect? If someone was legally hunting, shot the deer with the arrow, and the deer ran away, what did someone do wrong?  I’m not looking for whether or not hunting is right, just curious.
Bow season doesn't open until August 25th. This is straight poaching.
See what happens when you Ban Guns! #Sad #NRA
Since when have guns been banned?  #MAGA
BRO. Obama, Soros and Hitlery took most of the guns by Executive Order.
That's just completely fake
I hope the deers will recover from this horrible situation.  The suspect should be in jail for animal cruelty.
*deer
Oh DEER look at his spelling....
This has nothing to do with hunting. No hunter would shoot at a deer with a field point. If it was a hunter, it would be a broadhead tip on the arrow. Whoever is doing this gives bow hunters a bad name.
This is evil abuse
Its only a deer no big deal
Kind of hard to tell from the pics but those look like target practice arrow heads, not the kind a proper hunter would use.

You can't rationalize with Trump supporters
No your just that sick on your own
Oh no, are one of your 3 teeth hurting today?  SAD
Are you on drugs
Is your mind that bad as your mouth and pen
somebody hunting but couldnt find the deer. is it so horrible? we kill deer for food.
How horrible.
Illegal bow hunting happens all the time on private property, deer wander off private land injured to various degrees. Happens during legit hunting season too... Heliport him to England where the deer can be sentenced to death by a healthcare panel.
So.... Are they locating and tranquilizing them to remove the arrows ASAP?????
Why didn't the bowman use an AR-15?  #NRAGOP logic

hope they find them and lock them up
Monsters 
JM and Joseph! FIND this kid and prosecute him! Someone knows.

PHOTO: Wounded warrior and his little angel  
I’m sorry @kanyewest but this is why i hate people 
Why don't we care about unborn children as much, who are pierced with a lot more than arrows? Just curious.
Need more info for your story here. Are these animals the result of bad shots during hunting season? Were they old wounds? Were the wounds healed around the arrows or were they oozing? You couldn’t get that info? Need more info to determine if it was deliberate. Get rest of story
That is beyond cruel. Was it deer season? Or just some idiot or idiots who couldn’t hit the broad  side of a barn door? Do they think these animals are theirs for target practice?  Find them and fine them a with a stiff penalty. Big $$$$
If these pics are real.  Apparently they can hit the broad side of a barn seeing how a deer is a much smaller target.  
Close family friend bow hunts, he hit a deer last season and it didn't drop. He tracked the deer for over mile. No sign of him anywhere. Deer can run a long way
That jack-a** needs ta SHOT with arrow NOW then let hat jack-a** suffer But what do i know im NON P.C. so ppl dont like me haaaaaa!????
#MSNBC and #CNN already reported that it was #POTUS and he didn’t have a hunting license and it’s not even bow season.
Trump has never been hunting in his life ... #MAGA
So white male? Time to start pulling over every pick-up truck you see
Jfc! How is it still walking!?
Not hit in vitals.. deer are super strong
Some people just need to be killed. They serve no purpose.
Really sad...  in the meantime, multiple children are shot and killed in #palestine #yemen #Syria and you know who did it but you don't report that..
Stop funding terrorism and proselytizing a broken and hateful religion that has no compatibility with human progress.  You’ll be amazed how many fewer bombs are dropped on countries that don’t aid and embed Islamic terrorism.
Wait a minute... do these massacres and  #genocide in the Middle East and North Africa have some to do with the #US #dictactocracy and justified terror?
The hunter missed and the deer ran away. Not sure why he needs to be put in jail. Nothing he did was illegal. I have seen deers wrecking cars and run away from the scene.
From pics looks like target tip arrows rather than hunting broad heads.  Very unethical if so IMO.
I'm just looking at the photos..
Sad
Horrible! When u find the culprit can I shoot an arrow thru him or her !???
Guillotine this pos when caught
Yup not a broad head tip, shoot him again and aim for the heart.
May those "hunters" walkl around with arrows thru there head and body.  Despicable "humans."
We "humans" are supposed to be above animals but most of the time I have my doubts.
Cruel people
Very Sad. Need to take step against this.
The unnamed suspect is being referred to as, ' The Worst Hunter in Oregon.'
i hope they find him and stick The arrow in him and walk around feeling that kind of pain those poor dear I hope they are taking care of and the arrows taken out and the people stopped doing this sick sick sick person to harm an animal what's wrong with people??
Why would you care? Are you just saying this is another case where a gun should have been used? More support for your NRA loving audience?
IDIOTS !!!  Hoppas att polisen hittar de skyldiga !!
A republican, no doubt.
Hope u catch them
That is so pitiful!! Please find and arrest this person.
Goddamn sick mother fucker.
If they catch who's doing it then they should be subjected to the same ordeal .

Find that SOB and put some arrows thru his head!!
I hope they get the people involved in this soon and put them in jail
This is very wrong and disheartening. If the hunting was legal, the ought to be the hunters name on the arrow. If the Deer ran with the arrow, the Hunter is expected to follow up and gets the Deer. The suspect is evil and deserve a jail term.
Evil?  Do you know what that word means and the weight it carries in judgement?  Very, very ignorant conclusion to jump to.
Yes. I do. Evil refers to the following;intending to harm. Malevolent. Also, an act that is morally corrupt. Any act that produces or threatens sorrow, injury or calamity. In judgement, the weight it carries is punishment. In conclusion, the suspect is evil & deserves a jail term
Only republicans are sick and evil enough to do something like that!
WHEN YOU FIND OUT WHO DID THIS SHOOT HIM WITH AN ARROW.
Am I wrong all these people on here saying they did nothing http://wrong.Is  it hunting season in Oregon ?
Opens August 25th.
This is terrible.  A horrible person did this.
Oh ya of course, no other possibilities to consider at all.  Judgement is done and passed.  The most emotionally mature of us know that jumping to sweeping emotional conclusions like this is the only way to go, am I right??
Listen to these Liberal Sissy kids complaining about a obvious bad shot with an Arrow. If you ban guns this will be the norm...Although out of season etc, this happens all the time.
Fake picture .arrow is to long
This guy has a problem not a sportsman
If you can't hunt properly...prob shouldn't hunt at all
Hahaha can you imagine if our ancestors thought this stupidly?
It would help to list an actual crime, such as which specific hunting laws were broken, it seems you're implying that the act of shooting deer with a bow is illegal by itself?
SHAME
The fact that they would even hunt a deer this size is disgusting and pathetic.....looks like a year old smh 
This disgusts me! Even in hunting season, those are bad shots. Outside of hunting season, it's Cruel and Poaching!
Isn't Oregon one of the Liberalville "Safe Places"?
You would think they would stand up for their beliefs.
Read the article look both pictures they seem to be female deer I don't know California laws I don't know their hunting season I just did not say and why this is a crime
YO LOVELY GREATNESS @EvaShockey & LOVELY GREATNESS @_Kendalljones_ TAKE A LOOK AT WHAT SOME evil PERSON / PEOPLE HAVE DONE...
Some people really suck!
Maybe it’s time for archery to be target only. No more archery hunting seasons.
Oh God this is sooooo !
Don jr in Oregon?
Very cruel
Lowest of the low to do this.
Bad deer hunter.
No respect for animals, then humanity has no respect for you I hope the bastard gets put to death, this was no hunter they love nature.
The generalizations in this tweet make me seriously wonder if you are capable of critical thought.  Death?  Moron.
I assume this was done by Ted Nugent!?
What a horrible thing to do to an innocent creature.  Who are these people?
Sad!!!
Get those animal killers including the f—g trumps.
They’re destroying Gods creation. HATE THEM!!!!!
This is just awful. Humans are so cruel
Am I the only one who think these arrows look strategically placed?  Don't know if strategic is the right word, but I think too lucky to be in places that wouldn't kill the animal.  I hope they catch the eval bastard.
If this was a Broadhead most likely it would of killed the deer. Looks like a practice tip. Just a guess,young kids.
Tear the suspect ass pls.
Hope the person responsible is found. Vile inhumane. Problem is we need more severe punishments for animal cruelty. Theyll take his weapons. Fine. Wheres the jail sentence?
@TedNugent
Very very sad
Shoot the person responsible
Do the means of global media represent Islam honestly? Click the link to know the truth: http://www.islamtomorrow.com 
Ban bows n arrows
Yeah by a crazed Trump supporter
This is horrible. Yet stating MULTIPLE DEER SHOT WITH ARROWS,  a bit over the top, it's actually Two possibly Three, thats not " Multiple " yet even two animals hurt like this is a horrible thing and hopefully they find who's doing it. They need to get to get the arrows out .
I love to deer hunt and will never stop but this pisses me off if you can’t make the shot don’t fucking take it!
This sounds like pure animal cruelty.  I can't stand bow & arrow hunting anyway.  The good bow hunters are not cruel but they're rare - there are too many inept ones out there.  They should have to pass some kind of target test before getting their license.
We should start taking away all the bows and arrows. Along with that,, all deer should be eradicated beforehand so this won’t happen again.
Don’t forget earlier Stone Age tools like slings and stone axes... all just mistakes of evolution.


People who do things like this should be collecting "flags" and kept an eye on.
Illegal to bow hunt in Oregon?
They must be PLANNED PARENTHOOD EMPLOYEES. KILL EVERYTHING!!!

This is sad, hope police find the creep.
Hopefully they find and prosecute this dispicable person !
disgusting 
You have too Many food to eat sad
There is a hunting season that is just for bow hunters. That has happened here in Ky. Yet we don't freak out about it.
If someone do for you like This Looking in the eyes of deer 
Sick minds. That is NOT how a true hunter hunts game. Hope they find and roast his azz!
In the name of God! Bow hunting should be ILLEGAL!!! Pathetic!
sad 
silently shoul be killed.
People are just assholes
Sarah Huckabee Sanders isn't a fucking victim.

She chose to work for Trump, as spokesperson for the most powerful political office in the world.

She chose to shamelessly lie everyday to the American people in service to Trump.

Glad we had this talk, @maggieNYT.
