Anyone that supports @realDonaldTrump is labeled a problem.... And will be targets .... Especially on social media..... Which only reinforces my intention to vote for Trump in 2020
If you can give me thoughtful, rational, evidence based reasons for supporting him, I am interested. 
If you ignore his lies, the rampant corruption in his cabinet, and the accomplishments of the previous president, then I must question their validity. 
No campaign slogans.
Promises kept..taxes, economy, NK Isis, embassy, illegals, drugs human trafficking, gangs, you know law and order..fair trade, disproportionate UN cost, building up decimated. Military machinery and troops...etccc
Thank you Valerie..... I was just getting to that......
NP
Tax scam for the rich adds 1.5T to debt.

Economy continued obama trajectory.

Had nothing to do w/ ISIS or N Korea. 

Illegal border crossings were way down under obama.

Could go on. 

Nothing you list makes up for the ignorance and corruption of this despicable administration.
Your blatant attempt to change facts destroys giving your tweet further response
If this response is to A.Random.Guy., he is citing facts not changing them. 

If so, either do some research beyond the extremist press, or admit that your bias has distorted your claim to reason.
Too many people are speculating on what you do and what the President does, it just illustrates their desire to see a division in the White House. It turns out that the White House is in good shape and the harmonious relationship between you and President Trump is still awake .
It not in good shape. He wouldn't be firing half his people if it was
Before I reply to your comments, I want to ask you. Who are you and are you human or robot ?, what interests are you here?
Human. My interest here maybe the same as your's what is best for my country and in my opinion it not trump.
Well, we are talking facts and logic. How?
How what? The fact our views are different? How to block? That he fired around half his people?
The President feels there are better people, that's my only reason. The fact is Trump is able to win in the presidential election. Are you going to keep your office people who may often disagree with you or maybe not make the best contribution to you? for example you are a
leader in a large company.
Tell them Sarah...fake hypocrite liberals.
No Sarah the hypocrite
You no good grammar dumb-dumb
And yes, she is a hypocrite
Hypocrisy shows up in many shapes or faces.
Best @WhiteHouse  press Sec has ever had  Go @SarahHuckabee !!!!!!
Who is that evil scary person photo bombing in the background?
You speak truth to power you beautiful Conservative woman make these shrill Liberal women shake in their boots and p**sy hats
Can’t blame liberal women for shaking in their boots. They never know when Trump will grab their pu-sy’s
They should be so lucky!!!Trump
Your hear would be on fire if obama called Kim Jung Um a honorable guy like Trump did. Especially how he sent home an American beaten to die
Your spelling proves you’re a
But looked who is making fun of some kid. Typical Trumpster
We should always empower women. But never empower liars. We call them out as we do men. Stop trying to make it sounds as if we don't, we do, just not liars like @SarahHuckabee and @KellyannePolls. Get it right.
What have they lied about?
Wow no wonder Trump said he loved the uneducated.
How am I uneducated just because I have a different opinion?
I  also have opinions, but mine are based on facts, which I research. Multiple sites have a list of the lies but I'm sure you're not interested in the truth
Oh so you research and I don’t?  You liberals are so quick to assert your intellectual superiority and it does get old.
His political career began with a birtherism lie, he said he didn't care about the rich only middle class then gave the top 1% 83%of a tax cut, he insists he had the largest inagruation crowd, he said a meeting with Russians was about adopting kids. I'm tired of doing your work.
The top 83% pay most taxes to start with. If you call removing the Estate tax a tax cut, then you are wrong.This allows them to keep 100% of their estate when they die, whereas before they had to pay 40% to the IRS in an estate tax. Trump reversed this; not a tax cut for the rich

"End the Korean War"
What has she lied about?
How are those lies?
How are you so brain dead?
Really, Sarah? Women make $.78 on the dollar and face sexual harassment in the workplace every day, but the only women under attack today are you and your White House pals?

Wake the hell up.
Not sara problem for the job you work for..she is not ur employer nor is it her fault the climate you work in pay wise
What rights are American women having to fight for?
By denying it exists while it still effects millions of women each year.
I never denied it exists; merely asked how Republicans do not support it.  That was his claim and I merely challenged it.
Things women have to fight for that republicans don't support:
-Personal autonomy over their own bodies
-Freedom from fear of their abusers obtaining guns
-Healthcare that isn't price-gouged against women
-Equal pay
-Freedom to work without fear of sexual harassment
-Wanting to be believed and supported after coming out about being sexually harassed or assaulted
-Wanting a reasonable living wage so they can support themselves and their family
-Decent public schools for their children
-The right to walk down the street without being slut-shamed or harassed (and then blamed for the harassment)
-The right to feel safe
-The right to practice the religion of their choice 
-The right to be their genuine self without being body-shamed
-Loving who they choose without receiving homophobic comments and hate/threats
-The right to be their race/ethnicity without being harassed, hated and threatened
-The right to be disabled and not be mocked or ridiculed by the president.
#ImpeachTrump 
#racistshitholepresident 
#BoycottNRA #BanAssaultWeapons 
#soullessmonster 
#shitholepresident 
#orangemoronstablegenius 
#MuellerTime 
#MuellerIsComingForYou 
#resist 
#StormyDanielsDay 
#AgentWhoreange





The only war I see on women is #Pence and other #Republicans trying to take away their right to choose
Murder has always been illegal. Why should it be any different if you choose to kill your own child? #AbortionIsMurder regardless of your right to be a mother or not. There are other options available. It isn't as if one is forced to keep a child. Many others pray for the chance!
It isn't murder.  Even God in the bible doesn't recognize a life until it takes its first breath.

And prior to that in the first 4 months it is more parasite than independent being.

I have full body autonomy.  Unless you support the Handmaids Tale dystopian life
Oh Good grief! That "parasite" is a baby with a heart beat. But educating someone without a heart is impossible!
I wonder how it feels to not have a heart. Kick out 88 year olds and break up families, support a #Parade for a draft dodging POTUS instead of feeding the Veterans starving in the streets and not let child refugees in based on what country they are from
Nevermind
 Suspect you have a weak mind anyway
Oh  
Yes  I have a weak mind because I opt to understand individual perosonal body autonomy.

If you don't want to have an abortion, don't.

Otherwise it isn't your place to dictate others bodies.

Unless, from now on we a get to decide your medical treatments?
Pig
Typical rude response from someone who supports a misogynistic conman bragging about sexual assault, crushing workers rights, stripping healthcare, cheating on his wife, & kissing Putin’s ass while waging a war against facts & our constitution.
That’s a joke, right? 
Meanwhile your Führer Trump attempts to ban an entire religion, strip LGBT workers rights, boot transgender patriots from the military, and brags about sexual assault while being sued by a pornstar he paid to not fuck-up his election.


If you weren't offended by this but now you have "the vapors" and are sooooooo upset by a roast dinner......then there's something seriously fucking wrong with you
I don't see why they're upset it was a roast not a testament
Sarah Sanders is Slay Queen 

They’re getting nastier by the day because she’s effective at revealing the Acosta Manchildren for who they are: activists
She is a child that hides behind the cloak of her master.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is more beautiful classy brave and honest than what they have the capacity to understand. They ate trash Sara and you are awesome. Keep up the good work. We love you
SHS is the BEST!!!!!
No she not.
Ahh... can’t take a joke.     Poor baby. Then stop lying for this joke of a president.
A Democrat using a Republican President as his pic.....Beautiful 
And Lincoln is rolling around in his grave at the destruction of his party by Trump

Oh Sarah, you spin more than my Whirlpool in its last wash cycle.
Prove what she said false
Absolutely.  If you get too close to this president he will grab you by the........


Nasty photo-shopping.

Keep moving forward girl!!!!
You want to not be called out as a liar, then try NOT LYING.
Lol, sad that’s the only “war on woman” you see bc it’s not real...just like the war on Christmas was not real. I don’t like you...not bc you are a woman “close” to the prez...but bc you lie!
We love you, Sarah! You're beautiful inside & out. Pay no attention to the hate-mongers. Always heard & it's true, when a person/persons criticize another, he/she/they feel inferior, incompetent, & therefore jealous of that person.The people that are attacking you don't know God.
Well said Cheryl.
A war between Left & Right. The Dems don't care about rules or truth or ethics or morals.

They don't care when they are the ones lying & cheating. 

They only care about those things when they want US believe it's the Reps who are doing it.

#KAG2018 #2ADefenders
Incorrect
We love you Sarah
Why is there Republican resistance against policies that support women? Equal Pay Act, VAWA, ERA, not to mention that Trump is a sexual predator.
How are Republicans against these things?  The only women liberals support are liberal women?

Here, I’ll help you:
@PressSec Sarah we all have your back. You’re a beautiful intelligent strong Woman and we Stand With you. @POTUS hired you for a very good reason which you prove true every time you take the Press Podium.
What was said about @Sarahuckabee1 was disgusting! Coming from a WOMEN???  was most disturbing!
@GovMikeHuckabee The Godly woman you raised up was invited to sit in Hell last night.  I only hope that Sarah @PressSec never again breaks bread with them.

Trump this 
My point exactly. The Trumpers are so upset today but they said the worse things about everyone else and it was supposed to be ok.  And this was ok with them too.  I found this more disgusting than anything said about SHS. Why? Because her behavior is a choice.

Are you kidding me?????? These women are called out because they invent facts and avoid truths.
Triggered by this one too?
You are so appreciated....keep the course and good work u r doing, Sarah.
They definitely show their true colors at everyone else's expense.
That’s because the women close to the president are all liars and enablers....
Look outside your bubble!
Some of what Trump and the spineless GOP did in the first 100 day’s to hurt women....
This is all bs..Trump did nothing to woman..Lord you need to learn to do real research before saying things you have no clue about.
So you’re unable to read? I assume you’re just a troll bot anyway.
Lol..that article is not the fault of Trump...it's not Trump's fault for how businesses choose to operate or the jobs people or women choose to work at.  You are cute tho to try to thrust everything bad on the world at Trump..
You turn a blind eye to policies that actually harm the average woman, then complain that your own actions are not above reproach.  You are reprehensible
This administration stood proudly behind a child molester who ran for senate.
Donald Trump:
— “Grab em by the pussy”
— “I moved on her like a bitch”
— “Blood coming out of her wherever”
.
Guess that means no one has grabbed yours with your consent
Hey Aunt Lydia...
Stop trying to indoctrinate us w/your lies.
Those who are complicit in bigotry, corruption & share the same side as the Nazi's DESERVE to have war waged on them.
You passed complicity & went straight to collaboration.
Relax @presssec it was just “locker room talk”
Liberal cry and whine about everything. But when you disagree with them they become monsters. They hysterically laugh at their own dumb jokes and their academic arrogance leads to communism. 

Liberals are truly a menace to society.
Said with the name most associated with class warfare. 

Let them eat cake eh?
This cake joke is getting old. This is my real name. But leave it up to the Liberals to make fun of it like a 5 year old. Please do not hesitate to grow up one day and stop bullying people online because of their name.
You think that’s bullying? I merely pointed out what your name is associated with. If the cake thing is getting old change tour name.
Read my tweet again .....    slowly please. This is my real name. But since you make jokes like a 5 year old and yes bully people because of their name and apparently you have no manners, my tweet might be too hard to comprehend for you.
It doesn’t matter that it’s your real name. Do you think that somehow matters to the historical connotation of the name?
Oh that is so nice. Now you are justifying your inane and childish behavior by showing me how much you know about history. 

Just so you know I am not the same Marie-Antoinette from France 1792. 

It can be confusing, I understand.
You are too funny. I don’t have to justify my behavior, just a fact that your name, given and real or not, is associated with class warfare.

And wow, you aren’t a headless ghost communicating from the grave? Damnit. I thought I had proof of the afterlife.
A war has been waged on conservative women. 
Where are the feminists at??? Oh...they’re watching Rachel Maddow...figures.  #FeministsAreHypocrites #WHCD

As a woman & Media Major #WHCD was attack on #GOP women.  @PressSec #SarahSanders was class act under pressure & personal attack. Sanders role model 4 women.  #MichelleWolf role model 4 #MeanGirls.

Sarah Huckabee Sanders RULES! She owns the room.
You ever sit back and think to yourself and say, “Remember the day all Americans loved America” so many people are taking advantage of the freedoms we have by creating the wrong change. Let’s get back to what was good to be American, love and respect each other. GOD BLESS AMERICA
Well stated..thank you.  Too much division from both sides...to far right and to far left in my opinion.. Respect and listening goes a long way...
She lies for a living
Hey Sarah, you defended this . Can you explain why?
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill & Crooked-USED!
Poor baby. Defends a racist daily but they can’t talk about her lies.
Awesome Sarah !!!   You are the best !!!  
Or, toward any conservative woman regardless of race.  The Dems are "equal opportunity offenders."  They have no discrimination in this regard.  They simply hate conservatives.
You are incredibly strong! Don't let them get to you.  It's their ignorance.
I thought this was the side that were done with political correctness and ‘snowflakery’.  They can dish it but lose their minds rather than take it who cares?!  It was a roast, at the end of a dinner!  GTFOI.
So you found it funny?
I found it typical of a roasting, yes.  They *always* go too far, and skate on the edge of acceptable, that’s the point.  I bet anything it would’ve gone over better if delivered by a white male comedian like @StephenAtHome Colbert
I think Sarah Sanders looked beautiful at The Correspondents news dinner, she handled herself with grace and dignity. Remember when they go low we go high.
They have hit a new low that belongs in the sewer!




I am not a racist': Trump advisor who wished to see Michelle Obama live with gorilla in Africa apologizes
   Carl Paladino, the co-chair of Donald Trump's campaign in New York
Are ones he brags about grabbing by the pussy considered closed to him?
Sarah Sanders does nothing but lie and avoid answering real questions. She’s a puppet as is her boss. Disgraceful
Are you phucking serious. The right has attacked Michelle Obama, HRC, congresswomen, Emma Gonzalez, etc daily. But now we have outrage. Phucking hypocrites
that’s because they’re constantly lying and defending an imbecil
Trump does not value women. You are fair game as a woman who supports him. Get over your fake indignation.
It's not a war ppl just can't understand as a women how you support this guy...

Absolutely they are bullies and cowards and bigots no redeeming qualities
If you were more offended by Michelle Wolf's joke than you were by the Muslim Ban & 45*'s reaction to Charlottesville, you command no argument worth listening to. Your opinion is moot.
SHS dispenses hatred and lies like Roy Moore dispenses candy to teenaged girls. If she can’t take it because a comedian made fun of how she distorts truth she should get out.
It's not a lie if millions of morons believe it.
I lie to the American people day in and day out to push a destructive agenda but I’m the victim here.
 laugh riot!  With a straight face she can say that?!??  #resist

Dear @PressSec, I applaud that you are a high profile woman in govt. But your assertion that the only war on women is aimed at women close to a serial abuser who is known to pay them to stay silent further undermines your cred and makes Michelle Wolf even more right about you.
It was mild.  Get over it.
No shit!   Mainstream Media is a joke.  Soon to be known as the former mainstream media.
So you would like to get rid of the Bill Of Rights? Typical supporter of fascism.
Pretty sure nothing I said is going to jeopardize the Bill of rights.  Typical liberal, like the fake news you watch, trying to making something out of nothing.  Wake up dude...

Hey Patriot talking & doing r 2 different things. Ur Clinton had sex in Oval Office w intern. So do as you say, not as you do?
I’m sorry but did you read me saying anything about Clinton?  I’m pretty sure you didn’t.  Whataboutism at its finest. For the record, I did not approve of Mr Clinton’s behavior. Or his lying under oath. I was so happy when Obama came along because it was obvs he was better.

Of course that is all she sees, that is all she (& her ilk) want to see. 

You cannot stand in front of something w your eyes shut & claim that it is not real because you didn't see it & then expect to be taken seriously.

Nice rejoinder, Sarah....Krep whoring for Trump. BTW the only people warring against women close to Potus is thoseclodr to Potus.

.
Wait, what did Trump say he could get away with because he’s famous?
Hey Sarah. Get real
The Left Continuing to prove they have no class.....
And the MAGA crowd continue to blind themselves from truth.
This lying bitch spits in our faces everyday while her corrupt misogynistic boss continues to excuse criminals & take the country backwards.
Um, I don't think @kathygriffin is "close to the president" and her freedom of speech was attacked. The correspondence dinner always has included jokes uncomfortable to those who can dish it out but can't take it.
Wow...really? Selective victim vision syndrome I suppose?!
Yeah. Those women truly deserve it.
@PressSec Hey if you don't like the heat, get the sam hell out of the kitchen, you defend that #LiarTrump with your every last breath if you had to, knowing the man lies on a daily basis
Lest we forget.
#StopFuckingTheKoolAid
Way out of touch with reality on this one ....but they know alot of the base is gullible
Wow just wow. ..how self centered can you be
Then I guess you're not paying attention to the lives of all of us other women.  Nice willful blindness, Fox.
Sarah Sanders, I think you are beautiful inside and out and I have the utmost respect for you! You go girl!!!! 
If that is the only one you see, you are either blind or lying. For example, what the women of Trump's admin go through is no diff than the years of ridicule Hillary Clinton went through. But that is nothing compared to the abuse women go through at the hands of powerful men.
I honestly don’t know how any woman who is truly a part of the sisterhood of women can support a man who disrespects women on every level.
It’s not a war. It’s an attempt at a rescue. Besides that pointing out how much you lie isn’t a war.
My mother used to say, you made your bed - now lie in it



And the ones he attacks.


Then STOP LYING.   NOW.

Is she referring to Stormy Daniels or Karen McDougall?
Oh please! You mean like the war you wage on facts? Or the war on the truth waged by you and the dope in chief?
That is true, jealousy & not female cat jealousy tho. it is that type of jealousy but it exists in so many ugly jealous ignorant people, it is so evident, it is painful, because many of these people tax payers pay.
At the end whether they know it or not, all of them are just little stepping stones Trump uses to get himself ahead.

The Art of the Deal at best!
#MeToo? 
What else could she say after all she has to lie for him everyday
Another laughable statement from that person.








Yeah but that's because you deserve it and are generally awful people who lie in the service of a bigger more awful person. Basically I'm saying you deserve a war waged on you.
Oh poor little lying snowflake.
https://www.jpost.com/Middle-East/Iran-News/UK-France-and-Germany-warn-Congress-against-undermining-Iran-deal-507360 …    UK, FRANCE, GERMANY WARN CONGRESS AGAINST UNDERMINING IRAN DEAL
Well here’s an idea. Lets give them another $1.5 Billion in cash. That worked so well.
maybe check facts  before tweeting   In reality, the money is already Iran’s to begin with, just frozen under the many economic sanctions levied against the country.  do have a read   my friend   Ciao
That is not news.We could’ve held onto it,but instead Obama and Kerry thought it would be such a great idea to give it http://back.Now  they have funded ISIS and other terrorist organizations in the Middle East.Even Madeline Albright said it could’ve been handled better.

Sarah, you are a woman of class!
Loving me some SARAH  ! GO TRUMP !
Amen to that. Really don't care, either.
Amen!
Stay strong
Amen to that!
Like stormy




Very impressed with this woman. Smart and effective in her role as Press Secretary. A good example of women achieving through talent and ability, and not through favour of bending the rules.
O.....m.....g 
#TrumpIsSoBroke
He begs for money from the parts of US that can least afford it.
Tell that to the women Trump attacks on social media. Including Angela Merkel- not shaking her hand.

Huh?
We are behind you and President Trump. Good Job!
Yet another Home Run Sarah!
DEMOCRAT PARTY IS the #1 ENEMY of the American Family
And a war on women certainly helped along by this president.
Hope them Dems had a great laugh last night! Got a feeling all Hell is  getting ready to come forth, now you all enjoy, and dont forget to  laugh!!
Well, your paycheck depends on you only seeing that, so . . .
Keep the divide Fox that’s what you’re good at . This is such a BS narrative
‘every woman and every female’ ? 
Yes, Huckabee Sanders is a liar. That was a little more ash for her smoky eye shadow.
HILARIOUS.
Said the woman that works for a self admitted sexual predator.
19 women and counting.
That is soooo true. Dems talk about helping woman rights BUT will not recognize any of the wonderful Trump Woman he has in his Admin. MAGA.
Love this woman 
It’s not a “war on women” to call a women who lies everyday, a liar, it’s just call out what’s happening.
I am so proud of you -you sat there so stoic while she tried to embarrass you - she is the one who suffers now.  What goes around comes around.  Such an honor to have you as our Press Secretary!#MAGA2020 #QAnon#
No @PressSec, people hate you for one reason...You lie everyday. #FakeChristian
Open your eyes then so you can see!!! Smh 
So true—-Sarah Sanders is a class act... 

I am so glad you are as strong as you are to take this abuse on a daily basis. Having your wonderful family and strong faith will always be in your corner.
Fuckabee shut the F up. You are a lying untrustworthy slime filled piece of crap who only has dreams of being caught in bed with #FakePresident @realDonaldTrump 

#TrumpIsATraitor 
#trumprussia
Sarah is class all the way  to Sarah
Video

Am I being politically incorrect here? If I am...I'm so sorry....
Thoughts and Prayers? Maybe try that. Yeah, try that!

Merry Christmas!! 
You tell it from the mountain girl 
Aww. The poor @GOP victims. So pathetic. #seemymiddlefinger
Says the woman who attacks any/every woman who speaks out about trump misconduct
what about the war where women still make 78 cents to every man's dollar?

anyone?  

Anyone?

Bueller?  

Bueller?
Looks like those women should move away from the President,  Including the one who claims to be a woman of faith.
That selfish of you?
Only because they lie thru their teeth for DRUMPF.
Every Conservative Woman is a target for attack by left wing hypocrisy.. #IstandWithSarah
Just the ones who lie.

Michelle Obama, Sensenbrenner said loudly, "lectures us on eating right while she has a large posterior herself."
Congressman Sensenbrenner apologizes for criticizing Michelle Obama’s ‘large posterior’
Don Rickles would've had you crawling back under your rock.

You got off easy.
And all conservative women and we are not backing down.
