Lindsey, take off your blinders! Kim Jong Un is playing you and Misty President for patsies. The little kid is following the long tradition of North Korean leaders ... promise the sun and the moon and deliver dirt. You're being taken for a ride ... with the top down.
Yes I’m very skeptical too
Maybe inciting violence at his rallies would hinder such am award.
Agreed
 not Moon of South Korea though. Quit brown nosing Lindsey.
Yea I guess all treason will be forgiven huh lindsey.  Anything for your big tax cut and some judges.   You’re weak like those in history
Trump’s so desperately needs credit for things he hasn’t done.  Super pathetic but fun to watch.

Russian MMA fighter with links to Trump and Cohen questioned by FBI before bout https://cour.at/2HzyHv6  
Nazi Germany shit right here.

@FoxNews is aiding and abetting this bullshit.
This Trump supporter repeatedly yelled at the press, calling media “degenerate filth” and to get out of his country after the Michigan rally concluded 

How did Trump know that Veselnitskaya takes direct orders from Putin?:
Trump tells Michigan rally that Natalia Veselnitskaya is only claiming she's closely involved with the Russian govt because Putin told her to do so to get back at Trump for being so tough on Russia.…
NO RAPIST DESERVES A NOBEL PEACE PRIZE.
WHAT IS IT THAT YOU TRULY STAND FOR
RAPIST DESERVE JAIL NOT A NOBEL PP
Trump deserves, a handcuff, award, ONLY.....
And we still have no idea why Obama was awarded one.
Obama's Nobel was the second most worthless prize ever.
Bruce err Kaitlin Jenner's ESPN award of the most...I mean he didn't even cut his junk off...
 just in case he changes his mind again
One day @LindseyGrahamSC loves @potus most times when he gets paid on time by @georgesoros he bashes him!! maybe because his BFF Traitor @senjohnmcain is gone faking Brain Cancer>the longest brain cancer survivor ever!!
Wow. Faking brain cancer?  Your empathy is commodious. I’m not necessarily a fan of McCain but he is an American Hero.
Shut it hypocrite rino! You’re a good weather senator!
No it doesn’t, he did nothing, stop falsely giving this goon credit for something he had nothing to do with

Raping a 13 year old girl, then issuing death threats when she comes forward, should come with a death penalty, @realDonaldTrump.

https://twitter.com/TomWellborn/status/938846393766100992 … 

…
Your irrefutable proof is where?  I heard Tom Wellborn is a pedophile. He should be locked up!!! You see how easy it is to accuse people?

@realDonaldTrump
Problem is his financial holdings in China, required diverting United Nations investigation outside of America?????
Im speaking of president Trump's reactions!!!!!!!!!!!

Why the FUCK do you keep comparing yourself to Obama, you vacuous, jealous, spiteful, hateful gasbag? Hillary and Obama rent much of what little space you have in that rotting, diseased brain of yours.

This is Nazi Germany shit.

It's dangerous and we will not stand for it.…
The  North Korean Leader should be given the award and not Trump ..... Kim is a very young wise Leader !
The man who has murdered his elder brother,uncle and the ppl, shot missiles many times to Japan Sea, and held abductees from many countries like Japan, US, or SK?! No way
Trump hasn’t done nothing yet to foster peace between those two .  Kim didn’t have to cave in , but the plight of his people got the best of him , now he wants his people to experience freedom ! So yes he is the Man of The Year !!!!! No our Trump .
Everything has just started. Cross fingers and keep hope
I’m willing to give him some credit if it comes to pass but he’s not leading it. The Nobel should be awarded to all the main players.
Hi Tracy, I think it should go to President Moon. The last two SK administrations were conservative and refused talks. A liberal politician takes power and opens up talks and negotiations. Trump just bullied and provoked.
Okay Fox News cannot find any positive news for Trump so the are repeating several day old statements by Lindsay Graham who loves Trump because he is a Republican. Americans are tired of Fox News repeating old news on Twitter. Fox floods Twitter this morning it must be getting
Closer to the midterms & Fox News is a propaganda machine for Trump & Republicans. Fox News voted THE MOST UNTRUSTWORTHY NEWS NETWORK IN THE UNITED STATES. Not a position any Network aspires to but Fox did. Fox News is foreign owned by the same person who owns the Nat. Enquirer
Oh please! He hasn’t even met with NK!!!!! The POLICIES of the previous administrations has crippled them and they are on the verge of collapse. Don’t pretend teasing and taunting someone gets them to comply!!!!! Insane!!! 

Obama never had to worry about his mobster lawyer flipping on him.

Obama never had to worry about a special counsel…


It’s not Nobel! They are chanting “ NO BAIL! For when Mueller locks up Donald Trump !
I can’t believe I am actually agreeing with RINO Graham!


 
So now you all obsess over the Nobel Peace Prize for the most un-worthy being, who throughout his life incites violence, openly dog-whistles for racial hatred and divisiveness, disrespects any and everyone, who happens to disagree with him, and [allegedly] sexually abuses women.
#hellnaw
Um, Moon already took care of that. Perhaps HE should get the prize?
This Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act is unconstitutional. 
Article II, SECTION 1: The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America.

Congress can't reduce the power of the executive.
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/2644 …
Good interview.
They don’t award Nobel Peace Prizes to traitors and despicable and amoral people.
Wow, what rock did Lindsey Graham crawl out from under to say something nice about our POTUS! Yo Mr rhino need to be unseated with a True Patriot fro SC! MAGA #
This man has divided this country to the extent it will take YEARS to recover, spews hatred daily, invokes world chaos, and stands shoulder to shoulder with KKK, Nazis, and white nationalists!  He represents everything BUT peace!!
Really the most divisive racist America has ever had really stop with the jokes
Putin been supply mussels and is behind this meeting & also behind having US pulling out of Syria and Iran deal. Trump is Putin Puppet, this is very dangerous for US!!!
Fortunately it is not you who decides who deserves the Nobel Price!
THE REAL PRIZE IS NOT THE COMMIE NOBEL PEACE PRIZE! THE REAL PRIZE IS THAT U.S. LEADS THE WORLD !!!
If there is a Nobel Peace Prize for peace on the korean peninsula should go to Moon and Kim. Not this guy


Just think what he could do if all of America stood behind him.
Trumps does not need a trophy or be on a magazine cover. He just gets it done for the betterment of the people.
#TrumpRally #washingtonMI #MI turning out for our @POTUS  by the tens of thousands in line already. @GOP need a bigger venue next time!! Miles upon miles are on the highway and it’s still 2 hours until start time. #MAGA 
PLEASE FIND another person to interview - we are sick & tired of media-whore Lindsey - he will say anything, do anything, tell any lie to get on TV - he is a RINO that has disgraced every ounce of credibility the @GOP MIGHT have once had!
Way too early for this type of talk!
“if”.
Add to that @LindseyGrahamSC will you join with @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and his presidential administration to push through his selected officials and policies that #MAGA ? @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
A brownie !
Now we need A.G Sessions and politicians to do their job. Drain the swamp, more than enough evidence to put a lot of democrats in jail !
So are you going to give one to Mike Pompeo, PM Shinzo Abe of Japan,  President Xi Jinping of China, and President Moon Jae-in of South Korea?

Because at this point Donald Trump has only made their job harder, yelling at the UN and threatening war.
Kim is trying to cease the nuclear developments ahead of President Trump in order to 'unify' the peninsula. Kim wants to be seen as the bringer of peace.
peace, peace !!!! dems do not want peace . how dare Trump bring peace on earth.  all i have to say is,,, God Bless @realDonaldTrump
Mr. Graham President Bush is the one who destroyed America, put us in a recession. President Obama had to pull us out it took 8 years, a slow process yet it was done. Yes President Trump will get credit for forward progress. Stop blaming Obama for everything.
Oh yes, let's change the Constitution and make him President forever, put his face on Mount Rushmore...oh, and as a bonus, give him the Federal Reserve and Fort Knox as well...I'll let you in on a bit of a secret @LindseyGrahamSC NORTH KOREA'S LEADER IS NOT STUPID!!!!

"....and then some?" What does that even mean? Here's the Nobel, a new dishwasher, & a gift card to the Sizzler?
Thank you @realDonaldTrump !!! You sir are the best thing that happend to America
Imagine that you are standing in your front yard arguing with a neighbor. Suddenly, a clown with an axe appears and starts running towards the both of you. 
Does the clown deserve a Nobel Prize for interrupting the argument?
The man who threatens annihilation of some country on a regular basis! Lindsay honey I thought you were one of the smarter ones. All I can say is 
No, he isn’t smart.  King of Flip Flop!  Basically, worthless.
How bout’ a third term?  Special exception for a special man. 
#MAGA
Sounds good to me
JW if @realDonaldTrump helped end the Korean War & get North Korea to Disarm their Nukes do you think that the #Democrats will finally acknowledge what @realDonaldTrump has done ??
Wow why didn’t that snake turn around years ago , only now he’s going out he gets a brain !
According to Masahiko Shibayama, MP Japan, it is PM Abe that contributed the most to the peace process of the Korean Peninsula; Kim Jong Un changed his attitude towards reconciliation because of the actions Abe took against North Korea. Does it make sense?
全くの見当違い。安倍さんが制裁を世界に呼びかけたから金正恩は音を上げた。安倍さんがトランプに働きかけたから眉唾で米朝会談に臨んでもらえる。RT @wQBvzrEfja96znO: 安倍晋三のせいで日本だけがポッチじゃないか～　責任は？
PT4 - The only way America tends to change a country is through invading it for Regime Change.
PT3 - Then you have a meeting between the South Korean leader and the leader of China - then the Olympics happened -and soon after that we see the results.
PT2 - This Peace and ending of the Korean War - has been in the works since the New South Korean leader took office. He expressed - even during his campaign - the exact sentiment.
No @realDonaldTrump does not deserve that “Participation” trophy...

As soon as the nobel committee presented it to @BarackObama for dong nothing it now means “dick”

cc: @NobelPrize 

#MAGA2018
AGAIN - THIS IS NOT TRUMPS DOING. Allow me to explain - any compliment from the South Korean leader about Trump regarding the peace talks - is simply to stroke Trumps Ego. PT 1
How come you're the only news sorce spreading this?
If the President does that, they (the Nobel committee) will find a way to give the prize to someone who donated dental floss to aboriginals in PNG. They WILL NOT LET HIM WIN.
Oh please, Senator Graham!  What a travesty!  It would be the END of the Nobel Peace Prize to award it to a pathological liar, misogynistic ignoramus and an embarrassment to the US. What are you thinking!
Doesnt need it; Trump's not in it for tangible awards.. it is a  patriotic challenge that drives him.
Dream on!  Kim Un is no more likely to give up his nuclear weapons than Trump is
Mr. Graham, we should wait for the end of Mueller's investigation. It is extrange that N Korea has developed a nuclear program with Russian technology; the same  Russia that attacked the USA with Trump's help (you know it happened); extrange, very extrange to say the least.
He’s not “leading”. That’s the problem with your formulation. N & S Korean leaders are — and Trump is just an annoyance.
If you take Kim at face value, then, well..... we don't have a prayer.
Senator, you know Nobel peace price comes with a big slice of chocolate cake and 2 big scoops vanila ice cream. Nobel! Nobel!
It would be a great gesture if Trump and Jinping Xi could share the Nobel peace prize
Senator Graham...step away from the pipe!
Fake Fox News
This is a joke ....
Good god man have you lost your senses!
Lindsay I don’t trust you either #RINO #SlowToProcess
Trump has evidence of Graham’s homosexuality and graham is scared to death. Just come out, graham. No one but your party cares.. wait...
If he’s in jail I doubt he can get a furlow to go to the ceremony. Sad.
GO TRUMP GO!
How can US vote for "Buffy" Trump to get the Nobel if he didn't give US hope?
Well, I guess he gave US results instead. I suppose that should count for something.
I’m pretty sure the ones that will end the Korean War will be North and South Korea.
Oh puh-lease!!! This must be a joke! And a terrible one at that!
Yup, he deserves “and then some”. Why not reward the guy with some knockout women that are into Golden Showers plus a lifetime supply of Viagra?
And because trump took credit for the Olympics am sure he'll take credit for the sun rising. He takes credit when stock market rises but no mention of it when it falls.
I’m not sure they give the Nobel Peace Prize to someone who threatens nuclear genocide on an entire country.
Yep “ we are going to hit the with fire and fury like they have never seen” sounds like peace talks to me.
He also deserves you to get off his back and quit disrupting everything he wants to do. Let’s just admit that he is smarter than you.
Wao we have God in the white house
Sycophant and a fool. NK is going to play you all like an old violin
Putin had so much more to do with this; by demonstrating his superior nuclear program. Check the time line.
Don't start celebrating!  It's a long way from being a done deal.  Keep in mind that we've been down this road before and... Well, you see where we are.
So tweet names like little rocket man and get a Nobel prize. Really?
North and South Korea should receive the peace prize, if denuclearization actually happens. TRump has nothing to do with it. Until concrete measures actually occur, it’s a con man PR game.
You're such a fool, #MsGraham...and I suppose you like Trump being on Mt. Rushmore?
Lindsay Graham is a dang old Democrat
Hmmm .... I think I would look more seriously at China and South Korea as the major players in any peace accord with Nort Korea ..... Trump is coming in for the photo op as usual..... just saying
On the other hand,Lindsey, if Trump cancels the Iran treaty and Iran builds the bomb, all while kissing Putin’s butt, I’d hold off on the peace prize talk.  Hell the way Trump’s destroying NATO the ceremony in Stockholm may be in Russian occupied territory by then.
Perhaps the North and South Korea Presidents will receive the Peace Prize and not some lowly name caller that is prone to Twtr rants and melt downs. Besides, this all remains to be seen doesnt it?
Except Trump isn't the one leading. He's sitting on the toilet tweeting while others do the actual work.
I don’t think anyone that uses hate speak and demeans people and races, and supports neo-nazis should probably get a peace prize.  As a matter of fact I think he should just stay home in May and play some golf before it gets too hot.
We know that will not happen. They will never give a Nobel prize to a non-globalist, non-socialist, conservative.
IF
But I was very sure about it that it would happen and thanks god it has happened.
I think that should go to Moon Jae-in. The South Korean President ran on peace in Korea and he is doing all the diplomacy and efforts to make make it happen. Trump has done nothing but agree to meet without any conditions. Moon is doing all the hard work.
@LindseyGrahamSC your just as bad with the Democrats
you are toast Lindsey. Goods guys coming for you. They have it all!
They'll never give him the Nobel  Peace prize, 1. It's not really about peace, 2. The media hates him because he calls them out on their lies 3. He's not apart of the Washington establishment
Don’t get the cart before the horse !  You can celebrate if and when North Korea comes through with whatever they promise and make it a permanent change.
@HillaryClinton @realDonaldTrump is going to win the Nobel peace prize  for NK, and really earn it not like @BarackObama , he did nothing to win  that and most people in the USA know it was a fake Nobel prize. What  you think about that Mrs 2x's LOSER ?
It's a little soon Sen Graham. Don't jinx the process! You especially don't want to count the    before the eggs hatch!
Snowflake Lindsay:
Donald Trump:
— “Grab em by the pussy”
— “I moved on her like a bitch”
— “Blood coming out of her wherever”…
LOL LOL LOL.....meanwhile AMERICA is torn apart by Trump and his divisive remarks and tweets. How spineless and ignorant you are.
And our POTUS deserves EVERY ONE in the GOP to rally around him including you Lindsey Graham!
I'm sure it has NOTHING to do with the collapse of the North Korean nuclear testing site. @realDonaldTrump has done nothing but express admiration for the leadersh... I mean DICTATORSHIP, of Kim Jong Un. He is the least deserving person you could nominate. #NobelPrize
That would be great. Remember Nixon did some great things too(created EPA-which is currently being decimated by a grade A grifter) and he still had to be held accountable. I expect the same for Trump.
Are you kidding me? He hasn't "led" anyone or anything, since when does the Nobel committee recognizes bullying
If you have sustained peace in North Korea. Then you do have a point. But keep in mind that the Nobel Peace Prize is voted on by the Norwegian Nobel committee. And not liberals conservatives Republicans Or democrats. And everything he has done will be looked at in its entirety
Delusional. Dead from the neck up. Walking dead 
Trump my a$$. I only see the NK and SK leaders hammering things out.
Maybe wait and see what happens. And if all he is doing it for is recognition then he is in it for himself which we all know if why he is doing it.
This is fucking hysterical.
Nobel for Trump.
Let’s call for a special investigation on Devin Nunes!
Donald Trump isn't capable of doing anything presidential. South Korean president deserves all the credit. You all would admit that if you weren't trying to cover your butts for supporting treasonous behavior from GOP, FOX news, Trump.
Donnie deserves life for being a traitor and colluding with the Russians. Give him the Nobel in prison.
Or maybe SK should be the ones getting the peace prize.
Nice try buttering up the boss. President Moon pulled this all together.
Only an extremely narcissistic, sick man claims he deserves a Nobel Peace Prize.(for not doing anything either) That is not how it works.
Putin is laughing his ass off!!! Who provided all that hardware and technology to N. Korea? Who helped Trump get elected? Who wants Trump to stay in office? So of course he is going to want to make #45 look good!! This is one big game and you are all losers!
linsy Grahm has become the biggest trump defender i wonder if his seat is up  for re-election or if he is genuine since he  was against trump at the beginning.
As long as he attacks other countries and kill innocent civilians he doesn’t deserve shit!
He deserves the electric chair. #TrumpColluded #GOPComplicit
It’s bad strategy to become too attached to an outcome you depend on the other side to produce. A military mind should know better.
“Nobel”, or “no bail”? Sorry, you lost me Lindsey.
Lol. Ok, pal
President Moon is leading this. He should get it with Kim. Somebody you calls leaders childish names does not deserve Nobel recognition
Obama should be giving President Trump his Nobel Peace Price for cleaning up the mess Obama left behind!
Imagine if it was obama who did this (although it wouldn’t have been ). It Would have been front page news for a month ! At least ! #fakenewsmedia #MAGA2020
Stop this nonsense & get to your real work. This is people of America who elected u as Senator not Trump.
How did he lead anything lol they decided amongst themselves. If he was involved in any fashion it would be a pay off
E.g., This is not peaceful. It's a child's tantrum.
Trump Threatens To 'Close Down The Country' If His Border Wall Doesn't Get Funding https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/trump-threatens-shutdown-over-wall_us_5ae539fce4b02baed1bac833 …
Get a grip on reality and read about the qualifications for a Nobel Peace Prize. Then, talk about it.
"outstanding achievements in physics, chemistry, physiology or medicine, literature, and for work in peace"
I don't see war-mongering trump in that list.
https://www.nobelprize.org/ 
Not just give up their program but destroy what they have. Let's not repeat Obama's Iranian stupidity.
Before the celebration begins let's wait and see before North Korea, a country that has concentration camps, is reall going to halt nuclearization!

That's NUTS.
How is any of this Trumps doing?  Seems like Dennis Rodman had more of an impact. @dennisrodman
I guarantee Russia is involved somehow in this chess move
He deserves jail. Moon Jae-in will get Nobel Peace Prize
BS.... Trump had nothing to do with this other then enflaming the situation with his outrageous tweets....This is the result of South Korea and North Korea  acting like adults.... the USA gets no credit @realDonaldTrump
Nobel Peace #DonaldTrump
Haa!  No thanks to South Korea or Japan.  No Noble Prize. Trump is a narcissist. #LiarInChief
No sexual predator should get this award!!!
Your news people promote all of their books but won’t promote the REAL NEWS. - AWAN SPY TRAIL ON MAY 4 . Espionage!
Trump supporters don’t want double standard Graham. Vote Graham out
If
I use to have a drop of hope and respect for you.  It’s gone. You’re trash    you’re the swamp leader monster twin of the turtle 
#Trumpaganda Did Hitler get a Nobel Peace Prize? #HumpyTrumpy #MakeAmericaGreatAgainGetRidofTrump
Let’s not give credit to @realDonaldTrump when all he did is tweet threats and name call. It’s the diplomacy showns by the SK government that turned this around. Typical @FoxNews spewing propaganda for President Spanky
Give him next year's SuperBowl MVP as well.. he's had about the same input to that as this. China, South Korea and the Olympics brought these meetings together.
Um, if what @LindseyGrahamSC said  takes place, wouldn’t the novel price prize go to President Moon? It’s his LIBERAL government that opened up communications with NK. The two previous administrations in SK have been conservative and refused dialogue.
He hasn’t led us anywhere.  He’s ejaculated crazy belligerent talk which wasn’t taken seriously
I can't help but think that if the Nobel Peace Prize were given to a racist it would lose any future appeal.
Lindsey Graham’s brain has turned to oatmeal.
Hell no
I'm not sure the president knows what the Nobel is, @LindseyGrahamSC.
Korea has gone further this past year than the last 50, that says a lot.
Like a 30year sentence.
Wake up fox news. North and South Korea already signed agreements to end the Korean war.  Guess what Trump wasn't there.  He loves to take credit for things he did not do, planes staying  in the air,. the economy which was getting better under Obama. Trump took credit.
Boy that obummer really messed you people a lot so thankful he is out of there and killary didn't get elected
Mr Lindsey. You have hit rock bottom.
Idiots
