Click here for more proof there isn't really a god
So sad, I hope they find a very loving family.

May the Lord keeps watch over these kids in the absent of their parents. It's heart breaking.
May God provide comfort and love for these children #Grace
I thought posting children's photos was not allowed? My heart goes out to them...and I wish them all the luck in the Universe..hoping they find peace and healing.
We don’t know if you thought that. You tell us if you did.
This is completely horrible! God will look after you precious children. Prayers to the children and there poor parents 
this is heart breaking but the lord is helping to heal these precious babies.
 #FBRParty 
Help #1Voice @1VoiceForMe, a worldwide movement to stop hate: Copy, repost & RT this tweet.  WE'LL RT it:

@HateDivides
@ReplyToBeLoved
@CareToBeLoved
@TwittleDonny
@TrumpIsNot
@PenceImpeach
@TMeAndiB
@HappyMeYoBe 

WE FB:
 Like
 Retweet
 Comment
For what?????
Please don't reply to spam. Replying actually increases it's credibility to the spam detector algorithms. Flag it and move on.
Prayers sent 
Goo thing she’s not in a Ukraine hospital with brain injury’s
Yes my auto corrected come out of nowhere &  .....
Heartbreaking  My husband and I would ADOPT these 2 kid's IF this CAN be POSSIBLE?

We have 5 kid's total and our 2 little ones hold hands to fall sleep 

We HAVE A LOVING CHRISTIAN HOME God based IF these kid's needs ONE
They have a family. And a little brother.
Very Sad! good that they are together.
God bless them
God Bless them through this difficult time.
GOD BLESSED TEXAS!
C’mon Fox. This picture?
god bless family
courage
Where is this @gofundme page?
Help these kids , you know they’re lost right now
So Sad,

condolences to them, RIP to the parents
Prayers.
Prayers for these little ones and their siblings!
Praying for these babies.
Will be kept in my thoughts and prayers. God bless them. 
Long road ahead
God bless them
May God bless & keep them!
Wtf is wrong with ppl, this picture is a blatant violation of these kids’ privacy rights.
Thank you, I was about to ask that question. I guess privacy isn't a thing anymore. :(...
Why is anyone posting this picture
Only God sees the end from the beginning and he only prepares the best for each one of us
There is no god.
