How you like me now?

@realDonaldTrump 
@RealErinCruz 
@realTT2020
Get that waa a great video, thanks for sharing
Except it is not Trump that is doing the leading. That is President Moon.
Except that south Korea credits Trump with doing the job
Source?
South Korean is just being polite. Sounds like McMaster who was FIRED by Trump, but praised by the South Korean NSA as a very dear friend, is the one who should get the Nobel.
The Koreas, not Trump, are going to make this happen. Let's wait and see if Trump blows it first.
If Donald Trump ever gets the Nobel  Peace Prize the award will never mean anything again.  

The only award he deserves is most big Macs eaten in one sitting.
Except for that one time when Malala won the peace prize, it hasnt meant nothing for a long time
And if Trump writes the next great novel, he should get a Pulitzer Prize for literature.  Lets see happens first before we start pouring on the praise.  So far, he had done nothing expect threats.  The peace initiative was from S Korea.
How ironic this president might have something to do with peace elsewhere, while causing massive unrest in OUR country.
Don't worry, Narcissist/Bully Trump has done ZERO to promote peace anywhere.
What exactly has he done? These guys met without him. He doesn’t even know WHERE he’s meeting with NK. If he was leading anything he would have been there for the historic handshake this week.
You really ought to follow the news if you are going to comment in public. NK has been squeezed economically to the table. That's Trump.
HaHaHaHa my late husband just did. Flip in his grave
I already told my 6 year old that the best way to end conflict is to name call and bully the other person.  Thanks Mr. President! 
Catch a grip of yourself. Give it too the two Korea's, an example on how to do diplomacy.
[[[ Fox News‘ favorite Trump supporters Diamond and Silk were paid $7K to cut campaign ad for Wisconsin neo-Nazi
https://www.rawstory.com/2018/04/flashback-trump-supporters-diamond-silk-paid-7k-cut-campaign-ad-wisconsin-neo-nazi/amp/?__twitter_impression=true … ]]]

#TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia
No he does not this is the same guy who said his nuclear button was bigger and actually works. So no
If he ends the Korean War, i think we can forgive a stupid tweet.
Trump has done Nothing. It was President Moon who is working on this. President Moon is the one who deserves the Nobel Peace Prize. God Please help these blind sheeps see this. Stop this propaganda crap.
Give God credit where it is due. He is the miracle worker, and it’s in His name that we should give praise and honor. He is working through those who seek Him and want to derive wisdom from following His leadership! Thank you Trump for believing in what God can conquer & overcome

Looking back...
First of all, Trump is leading from behind. It’s the Chinese forcing this
Don’t worry he won’t
"2017 was the deadliest year for civilian casualties in Iraq and Syria, with as many as 6,000 people killed in strikes conducted by the U.S.-led coalition...It is far more if you add in countries like Yemen, Afghanistan, Somalia and many others." 
http://wapo.st/2IBb7Lh?tid=ss_tw-bottom&utm_term=.381a4c52ca8c …
Trump won't be leading anyone to ending the Korean War, or to work towards denuclearization in North Korea, the South Koreas President is doing the leading and the work to put things into the works to get this done.  Trump just wanted to take us into a Nuclear War, with NK
For a party that doesn’t like to play hypotheticals, they’re def playing hypotheticals
Trump has photos of @@LindseyGrahamSC
If you use your example then maybe the leaders of N Korea and S Korea should get the Nobel Peace Prize. They seem to be doing a lot more than trump as far as peace goes.
Talking about peace in Korea peninsula and undoing the peace treaty with Iran because it’s Obama’s signature achievement make it impossible to put trump and nobel peace award in the same sentence.
Exactly how did a non existent State Department and Chump facilitate this?
He has done nothing yet. All China and S Korea. And that testing site collapsed. Didn't give up anything.
I wonder how Mr. Graham does that. How does he talk from both sides of his mouth at once?
He's the last person on Earth who deserves that. I don't know what you're thinking but he hasn't done anything worthy of a noble prize.
Does @realDonaldTrump deserve Noble Prize if he helps improve Korean situation through diplomacy?
Dream on! Wont happen and we will be lucky to get out of this without a war and thousands of lives lost!
Trump has nothing to do with it.  Xi, Kim and Moon already met and signed the agreement.  It is a done deal.  Trump was NOT part of it.
Bull shit, never gonna happen.
I'll just leave this here: 

“The other thing with the terrorists is you have to take out their families, when you get these terrorists, you have to take out their families....When they say they don’t care about their lives, you have to take out their families.” - DJT
Let’s not forget the leaders of North and South Korea.Trump was instrumental in getting the ball rolling but they are the ones, in the end,who will agree or not.If it works out,all 3 deserve to be recognized
Trump’s Mitch Warns Him: We’re Going To Lose Midterm
Before or after the sex scandals are finished in court?
He needs no ‘award’.
Guarantee you he’s being played by North Korea who is doing what Russia wants him to do it’s not going to be pretty
Lol all trump tweeting  ... you fail to mention South Korea President Moon  and China are doing all the work ...
If he wants a Nobel then he should make Jong Un respect human rights.
Jong Un had no choice but not because trump has a big mouth and ego..
Trump is No Leader & has ZERO to do w/ending Korean war. Firstly, It's between North & South Korea to work out.

Reason Kim Jong-un stopped nuclear weapons testing is b/c radioactive fallout is contaminating NK air, water, food & people.

Graham is a dope.
The Nobel Peace Prize lost all of it meaning when it was presented to Barack Obama
Damn, @LindseyGrahamSC you are all over the place.
Oh Fox News. Blowing smoke up Trump’s ass on a daily basis.
"Verifiable way" . . . You mean like Iran Deal?   Not going to happen
HE HASN'T DONE ANYTHING.
Trump is trying to take credit for this lmao
You did a great job laying out the whole story Graham. So WHY would you ever want to make a bill that would stop the President from firing Mueller? You either lied to Maria today or your lying to your buddies in congress. Which is it?
I was wondering when Lindsey was going to eat Trump's cock again.
People talking about ending a war that’s pretty much non existent. They might not like each other but there’s been no fighting for decades.

He hasn’t led us anywhere. This is the result of the work of other leaders. Give this whole concept up.
Trump is a lazy racist idiot who golfs - he had nothing to do with the Korea situation
Do some research. Met with S Korea, then China to put pressure on No Ko, increased the oil and coal embargoes, put ships in the area to capture vessels sneaking through, stopped U.S. S Korea war games as a gesture of good will, Nikki Haley in the U.N. and Pompeo visits twice.
Golf, golf and more golf - lazy ass KFC eating racist bum...
Love KFC and don't forget McDonald's. I don't see why that is an insult though..

I was unaware that trump was part of the meetings between N and S Korea.
Grab them by the ???
One of these is a prize winner!!  Obama did nothing!
Such bullshit....
Dream on.
Trump could end wars forever and he still wouldn't get a prize.
The WORK at the Olympics & that infectious smile --- MONUMENTAL!
No, S.K. President Moon Jae-in DESERVES the Nobel Peace Prize! @NobelPrize @SRuhle @NicolleDWallace @ErinBurnett @CNN @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews @washingtonpost @EastBayTimes #JustAnotherGuy  https://www.cafepress.com/sunshinecollage.2020162864 …
#JustAnotherGuy 
But then there is this
 
Wouldn't Kim Jun, the man who is actually ending the war, and giving up the weapons, be the one who should to receive the peace award?
It’s quite an achievement if the Korean War finally ends after 60+ years....and a peaceful end. Amazing if NK ends all  Nuclear Activity....@realDonaldTrump deserves ALL the CREDIT. He was able to out muscle the psychopath.
If He wins He should appear just to publicly turn it down. For crying out loud they gave it to Obama.
He’s an idiot
The China tracking of there people is just what Oboma was trying to do to us in the US.  Why do you think the free cell phone is all about. !
It’s been done
You can't give all credit for Korea to president SPANKY I think it took all our president  and all the santions they have put on north Korea so stop lying
Any prize Obama won for simply existing with no accomplishments whatsoever, is a prize Trump should laugh as he turns it down.
Closing a "test site" does not mean disposing of his nuclear arsenal
Bringing Peace by threatening to wipe 25 million people from the face of the earth is not Peace Prize material.

Ye, right
The prize isn't worth crap since they gave to the racist Obumba!
Graham acknowledges there is no evidence of collusion & that Comey
hasn't been honest, but writes a bill to protect Mueller from being
fired! The man is a lunatic.
Do you believe North Korea will GIVE UP their nuclear weapons under any circumstances?
Trump deserves the respect of all Americans for the work he is doing!!
Please do not use Japan as a tool of war. Prime Minister Abe is cooperating with him.
When will you cover this? Obviously the reason for the peace meeting.

Well, I've already told my eight year old to stop acting like he was the President when I had to send him to his room for grabbing his sister’s privates, lied to me and made fun of my crippled leg.  If Trump wins Nobel Prize I'll have to tell him that title is meaningless too.
Be VERY cautious in giving TRUST to North Korea.
This should be a blessing
Blessed are the peace maker,I think D trump deserved to be remembered for this#the bad man self get his own good side.
They gave the Nobel Peace prize to Obama. It's a joke and if offered to Trump he should reject it.
Love to see DonaldTrump get a real Nobel not a fake #Obama one.

Are you including South Korea, China and North Korea in that award?
In the words of the President, "We will see what happens", Obama didn't deserve his, but I would agree with @LindseyGrahamSC that @POTUS would deserve a Nobel prize, but it should be a joint prize with the Presidents of China and South Korea.
Except for one thing: the Nobel Peace Prize is a joke after it was given to Obama FOR NO REASON! Especially after he then proceeded to set the Mid East on fire.
After 70 yrs end of the american game go back terrorist america free korea
President Trump could become a great president

The power of GOD ISRAEL...GOD bless.
You kind of think Lindsey is smart enough to know China is involve in this and price for #trump is to give up military base in south Korea because war is over.
If Trump gets it of course it’s his but his entire personality will always ruin the good moments
Lindsey still out here trying to keep his secrets in the closet.
North Korea keep ur nukes in ur hand.Peace is good initiative but don't trust America and their allies.

All Presidents had this same opportunity as Pres Trump with Korea.The difference is Pres Trump hears the voice of the good shepherd and the rest heard the voice of the stranger.Thank God Pres Trump seeks God for his wisdom.
Still a RINO.
He's been a far right conservative for HIS WHOLE LIFE !! Trump became a conservative 4 years ago hahah
Especially since they pass that out to anyone
Wrong analysis.
Kim Jung Un is leading the negotiations. Since he has his nukes, het has all the jokers in his sleeve.
Wow.  Bold concession @LindseyGrahamSC . Let's pray it works.
Could be - But that's a long way down the track - And his stance on Iran is more likely to destabilize things.
Noble means nothing anymore.. lost all its credibility when it was “given” to Barry

http://CoolnessForever.com  

Coolness Everywhere…
Trump is known as dorky drum of impolite expectorant
