It’s pretty silly to think that because a Senator did his due diligence in his job that ppl will reconsider his position. He didn’t create the allegations, just exposed them.
Trump threatened to blackmail @JonTester on national TV. Trump acts just like the mobster he is.
You are talking about trump right!!!!!
That's very doubtful, Republicans have really screwed things up, no matter who is running, if it Republican it's going to be a vote NO.  The insanity just has to be stopped.


Exactly! They are ruthless! It bothers me so much when Republicans Senators and Congress members allow the Left to push them around. The VA should have Dr. Jackson at the helm.
Jason Miller - do you hear what you just said?
Tester did not make th allegations. They were brought to his attention. His duty to react
Show the entire clip, Chris Wallace was not buying into this point.
Your goatee isn’t fooling anyone lol
Jason Miller will say and spin anything for the donald ... some days he can’t keep at straight face doing it ... 
I can understand why some people think that this is a iranian deal was a good deal when we cannot inspect them, they inspect themselves, how stupid is that?
[[[ The extent to which Republicans attacking the FBI today receive clandestine Russian help is limitless & needs to be ascertained
https://mobile.twitter.com/ohenryhernandez/status/988640638936662017 … ]]]

#TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia
It’s not s personal attack. The head of a committee cannot ignore when over 20 people come to them with allegations. Or do u think cause trump likes him there should be no vetting? I thought u trumpsters were all about vetting, just not one of ur own.
Oh, look. It's a grapefruit with a Brazilian wax.
@jontester will not be put in the crosshairs, because proof of the allegations are coming. The good doctor won’t have his job in the White House by time of the midterms.
Like I said!!!!!!
Rinse. Repeat.
Go Jason...thanks for you time on #FakeNews @CNN
Ah yes you must be from Montana
Will Fox report that Trump has quietly replaced Jackson as doctor?  

If allegations were false, he wouldn't have urged Jackson to withdraw, wouldn't have replaced him.

Trump & allies are trying to save face by seeking to destroy a senator for doing his job to protect vets.
Tester blows.
More Repugs eating their own. Love it. Keep it up, will make the midterms even more interesting. Democrats united! Republicans fractured! #BlueTsunami2018
@jontester  And his barber should be fired!
good move this is where miller belongs on Fake fox news.
Thanks for your completely partisan rhetoric Trump tool.
This Jon Tester idiot should be sued for defamation! How is this okay?
Oh yes. Tester & Isakson are likely outta there...justifiably. Swamp-draining of thwarters & distorters.
Oh you mean like Trump calling ppl names. Sleepy, lying, crooked. Seems in this day & age Trump is the only one allowed to say what he wants, the way he wants, about who he wants. You know what they call countries that allow that? North Korea!
The real GOP, not the establishment Dem wannabes HRC butt suckers, need to pound that lying piece of  Tester, his politics, his lies, his business, his family, everything, everyday all day long until he fades away in disgrace & destitude! He deserves the worst life can give him
Shitferbrains logic spewed by Fux and Fiends.
someone find him a chin
He won't resign but maybe the voters will send him on his way.
...he means personal attacks on Testor
Be SURE Tester is out in the next election.  SOONER, if possible.
Vote him out!
This is why the swamp needs to be drained! We need term limits on all elected or appointed positions. Once elected some immediately run for reelection.If you look at the track record of some of these lifers their views change like the wind for whatever is popular at the time.
So ur upset because Tester did his job and relayed alligations against a person up for conformation. I thought u guys were the extreme vetters?  Just not with ur own.
That may be (in a very small part) what swung the election for Independents. It just went so very weird. It came off as a smear campaign overall but the Democrats forgot one thing, we needed a message!
How amazing Donald Trump and Jason Miller plus  others want just anyone to lead the vets health care agency. It is critical that person should be beyond reproach. Investigate all allegations. Should have been done before the nomination. Trump error.
If the President and those that want @realDonaldTrump to be given the same level of respect given to all other President's, than he should show respect for the office he holds, if he can attack, bully threaten, and shame others, than it's fair to do the same to him.
Whoa dog.  No party doesn't vet nominees except Trumpists.  Allegations from multiple people voluntarily brought to the committee.
Lol “the swamp” - what does that really mean?  Hannity takes HUD loans meant for poor people. Pruitt flies first class and builds a cone of silence. Trump spends $3,000,000 every weekend on golf.
Yes you do Fox
It's good that the GOP always take the high moral ground no matter what.
Mr Miller, Ronny was Mr Candyman. Don’t blame Mr Tester for speaking truth. Or is it something no one believes in. From Russian microbot Trumputin 2018
Oh he is in the crosshairs for sure!
Jason Miller?
Walking, talking piece of shit.
#humanitarianCrisis at the #Tijuana Border, #Priorities people, we have laws for #AsylumSeekers! Need Support sent to Border to help processing NOW, been travelling for 30 days women/children @realdonaldtrump @vp! @leylasantiago @cnn @cnni @hrw @SecNielsen
Whatever you say squidward
True statement, it's the main MO of the left.  Don't use facts, use rumor and anything you can make up.
mmmhmmmm
Sounds like the MO of Donald Trump. But apparently it’s ok when he does it-And he’s not on the left? Ted Cruz, Birther Movement, and the unending list of “alternative facts”. Does anybody other than the “left” hold him accountable for anything he says? #Glasshousesontheright.
I hope he gets his ass kicked in the election, BIGLY
And is so disgraceful despicable! July to lie about someone and it’s not true it’s just Rickabaugh and I did apologize redact all they said! Resign .
Allegations came from West Wing. You're outta the loop. Again.
Allegations? You mean the west wing made tester throw out false allegations he couldn’t back up to destroy an honorable man? It’s the lefts only plan, to bring others down to their level. Fact.
Wishful thinking...
Jon Tester is up for re-election....pound the networks with his vicious smear against an Admiral.
It’s not a smear. There r aligations. Or because trump like him he shouldn’t be vetted? It would be a dereliction of his duties not to report them.
Hes a Gossipy Grunge!
BOUT TIMR!
Our POTUS is being politically correct. As such, he will not fire the corrupt Mueller cabal. Also, Our POTUS is being politically correct, when he does not order Sessions to investigate the Clinton/Obuma resistance cabal. Such cabal apparently includes the Muller boondoggle.
@jontester 's political career is DONE. No one believes that his LIES have anything to do with concern for Veterans. Veterans in MT are well aware of this too.
Trump should resign for being Trump.
[[[ Trump fundraiser offered Russian gas company plan to get sanctions lifted for $26 million
https://mobile.twitter.com/ohenryhernandez/status/988620596484362245 … ]]]

#TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia
