South Korea deserves the credit.
Why do I get the impression that Bolton is upset there maybe a peaceful solution in Korea
Amb, you do realize N. Korean sanctions were in place pre-Trump era?  Also that the US has had a free standing military on the continent since after the Korean War?  Just so we apply the praise fairly!
Quote “ I think “ doesn’t make is news and definitely doesn’t make it close to true #lies #FakeNewsFox  #propagandalive  say the lie enough and people think it’s true theory #sad

The combination of Trump, Pompeo and Bolton is going to seriously fuck up whatever progress the S. Korean president made.
Propaganda!
I think that trump being a complete lunatic who would literally start a nuclear war if Kim called him slow, meant NK decided it was better to try and work things out with SK.

Trump is responsible like drunk drivers are responsible for blood alcohol limits which save lives.
@realDonaldTrump
Trump ran a whole campaign against the Iraq war , then he has the AUDACITY to back his administration with the blood thirst war criminals who were the faces behind that war ! What an ABSOLUTE FOOL
Trump is known as a narcoleptically scuzzy dolthead
Or...maybe it was the earthquake that destroyed their nuclear facility and killed approximately 200 nuclear scientists, engineers and technicians...along with the olive branch extended by the South Koreans to assist in economic transition, partnership and prosperity.
Expect to see an economic powerhouse in a unified Korea, surpassing Japan and rivaling China in competitiveness on the world stage.


Just a Bush era Liar for Hire .
Insulting tweets are "pressure?" Trumps being played. Bigly.
#thanksObama
Hey, caterpiller-lip: WWe've been putting pressure on NK for years. This is the long-term result of that. Giving @realDonaldTrump credit for this is like Reagan being credited for ending Soviet-bloc communism. He was just the guy on the job when it happened.
Kim was done testing and as calling the shop Trump is just going along 4 the ride Kim finish testing his muscles & had planned on the go she aiding the whole time the sanctions are having some effect but it was Kim‘s idea the whole time. Trump tries to take credit for everything
S. Korea has done a lot of heavy lifting in this process that of course Fox news won't give credit for. Sanctions from the US and the rest of the world has put a lot of pressure but if you think the military scared them, they wouldn't have gone the nuke route in the 1st place
And an earthquake.
Diplomacy through strength that’s the right strategy. You need to do the same to neutralize the danger of Iran nuclear program.
Iran's nuclear program is currently neutralized (Thanks, Obama!). It will stop being neutralized on May 12th when Trump refuses to reauthorize it (thanks for nothing, jackass).
That’s not true! Obama gave in cash  150 b to the terrorist regime in Iran causing all the troubles in region for short term ban on development nukes for 10 years! Then the mullahs can just continue! Trump will uproot the program & help in change the regime one & for all.
That money was Iran's money to begin with. Don't try to make it sound like we paid them out of pocket. Also, it was 15 years for uranium enrichment and they gave up 98% of their already enriched uranium supply along with a hist of other concessions.
A good deal is one where no one is happy with the result. That's the nature of compromise.
A good deal is one like the enemy must give up his arms and surrender completely to the international order otherwise the mullahs regime will be crushed. Religious fanatics know nothing but a crushing defeat!
Effective, long-lasting change must come from within. It cannot be imposed upon a people from without. By reintegrating Iran into the international community, we empower the Iranian people. The more we ostracize Iran, we more we empower the regime.
We hope that you will do the same to the evil and the enemy of mankind Iran.
No. We don't.
Don't think so, think the majority of this was done by South Korea President w/o the threatening jesters.
Don’t forget to thank China.
Some of us are not “experts” or war mongers like you. So, in our stupidity we think that decades of NK shortages and suffering of people brought them to this point finally. Still, I bet you would love to “nuke em”. You have never seen a country you woukd not love to bomb.
5 liberals just fainted #MAGA
Of course that’s what’s made the difference. Bullies respond to strength never weakness!
Nope. South Korea did it by willingness to talk.
Hahahaha Obama started the pressure and Trump is being played. Putin had a good convo with the North Koreans before all this.
Ah, yes; nicknaming Kim after an Elton John favourite made all the difference. 
As it is, you boast in your arrogance.  All such boasting is evil.
James 4:16
Sorry, I’m rooting for the other IronStache.
If Un doesn't destroy his nuclear weapons, then he must be destroyed. Those are his options.
Straight shooter who knows his job.
This guy is cancer.
That is right!
