She’s in no position to call anyone petty.
Tick Tock Tick
Doo Doo Doo Doo
#ThisStormIsHUGE
#TheRadicalLeftHatesAmerica
Awesome!
So, in Hillary Math, Trump's reservations about spending $30 Billion on a railroad tunnel that only benefits NY & NJ is "Petty."  Let New York & New Jersey pay 50%, having to match every Federal $.
Let um pay 100%. That’s their problem. Not the rest of the country’s
The 50% suggestion is a setup. Neither state has the money. 
We'll take that under advisement....who are you again?
I wouldn't remember who she was anymore either but @FoxNews keeps bringing her up.
Who care what Hillary says ?
What do New Yorkers want a quick trip in case the Mayor of New York  @nytimes decides to import thousands from the Mexico Boarder, then increase taxes by 200% and finds of the New York Police decide to work else where. Hillary should pay for it from her Russian Donations
*border*

And never will be
I think she should be the Dem’s candidate 2020.  She deserves that. 

So why do you think ppl care about what she has to say. Time to move on
Hillary the terrorist
Hillary you can pay for the tunnel.
She’ll need that money for her defense fund.
Why does FoxNews keep talking about Hillary? You should be talking about how wages are still low and the environment is being ruined.
No one cares what Hillary says about anything!  She just doesn't get it!  She is not RELEVANT!  She should just go back to the woods and talk to the animals!  You lost Hill!  The American people don't want you!
Lock her Up!
@HillaryClinton needs to just go back in the woods
Lock  her up Lock  her up Lock  her up
Doesn't she ever go away?
Why isn't this woman in jail??
The Crooked One nods in agreement to herself.
You're a Trump follower? Leave Hillary alone. She would have been a good president. Yep nobody perfect. Not even her. But she's better than liar in chief who IS corrupt.
There’s only one thing for it. Let’s do this...
So happy she lost, big time 
This is what happens when you lose elections...you don’t get what you want...
Trump is a builder, and knows costs.  Maybe Hillary and friends just are looking for some $$ to filter down for the next election? #QAnon
That stupid deplorable Hillary Clinton knows nothing about honest politics,should keep her big mouth shut.  Thank God she is not president.
When is this fool going to shut up and realize she talking to the wind and that her time has long passed and she is no longer relevant.
I would much rather see that money spent on BUILDING THE WALL
Go away.
#hillarywho
Tax and spend Democrat....she doesn't get it.
And the republicans aren’t on a spending spree???
She must have a family member that was supposed to get the contract, or an old patron.
She must be trying to get a cut of the money...
SHUT UP
Go away hilary!!!!!
Please just go away Hillary! It’s want this country needs!
Build wall first


She got shlonged twice.
It’s called fiscal responsibility.
Shut up, Hillary; no one cares WHAT you think.
Она учится ходить,не то что говорить.
Says the woman that had a server in her bathroom that had top secret and highly confidential information on that several countries were able to hack.
She is Satan and should shut up 
That's about the same amount as the WALL costs....

Hummm...

Northeast Tunnel... WALL??

Tunnel... WALL??
Tunnel... WALL??
Tunnel... WALL??
Tunnel... WALL??
Tunnel... WALL??
Tunnel... WALL??
Tunnel... WALL??
Tunnel... WALL??
Tunnel... WALL??
Tunnel... WALL??
Tunnel... WALL??
Build the Wall, without Tunnel illegal aliens in NYC will have to swim into mainland.
Great idea!
Granny needs a nap
Wow, Pelosi thinks $1000 is crumbs?  Clinton:  $29.5 BILLION is petty cash?  These people have been in the swamp far too long.
total waste of my tax dollars. How does this help anyone that isn't in that area? Let them put tolls on it, charge the people that use it, not the rest of us.
Hillary has no say in national policy, she lost, remember?
Thank God she is not President. The Obama deficit would continue.

Yup.
Tell them that Obama is a Kenyan Muslim that wiretapped Trump Tower using the British Intelligence services, and they will believe it.
No problem.
Heck, tell them that Ted Cruz's father was part of the JFK assassination, and they will not only believe you but love you too.
.


Uh that’s my money. Don’t think not spending it is petty!
It’s petty when it’s regular hard working Americans who are just trying to earn a living to get to work who will suffer
Then pay for your own tunnel. How does this help me in Kentucky?
Consider the illogical source but they will complain to Mars and back about the cost of the wall. They densely populated the area their their own money pay for it.
Then deal with your opioid crisis and pay for your own wall
I pay plenty in taxes that can pay for the wall if we stop all the freebies like cell phones, planned parenthood baby killing factories etc.
She'd be correct
https://finflam.com/2018/04/28/how-do-you-feel-about-suicide …/
What exactly does that have to do with infrastructure funding?
You lost! Your ideas always turn into , the only thing you and @BarackObama will be noted for is the diarrhea the two of you blew all over the world 
You are not the President, you are insane
You want $30 mil for this project that will benefit 3 states but you don't support $20 mil for The Wall that will benefit every state. You need to get a grip witch...
When is this nasty thing getting fitted for her orange jumpsuit?
We don't care what Hillary says. End of story.
Exactly!!
So. Many. Bots.
Your comrades libturd
Let state pay for it. It's a want, not a need.

She's STILL talking??
Idiotic Fox uses her to rile up the dopey base.  They will post this ten or twelve times today.
This lady just needs to go away how she going to call Trump Petty when they want 29 billion dollars for a f****** tunnel but only approve of us of 2 million for the wall
I thought Mexico was paying for the wall?
There is nothing 'petty' about $29.5B. Why not use the funds from the Clinton foundation?
HRC is no one..stop putting her crap out http://there.no  one cares what her opinion is.
What do they need an underground rail for? Instead of funding this worthless project let’s take the money and help buil the Wall on our southern boarder.
Why are their stories about her still? She's a nobody. She needs to go hide under a rock and stay there.
Communist socialist democrats are ruining America with illegal immigration for votes. Why Import rapists, murderers and gang members? Put the US Amry and Tanks on the border, close the Southern border. Who is going to sacrifice a family members life, for illegal immigration? Who?
Go away please
Please go away
Coming from a woman that sold 20% of our Uranium to enrich her fake foundation.
Many Clinton Foundation can help with this petty problem?
And no one cares what she says, still.
@FoxNews How can it be justifiable to spend that kind of money on a tunnel when there are parts of Puerto Rico still without power?
Why did PR not fix up power years before? They wanted USA to pay while they sat on butt watching everyelse fix their problem. Or strike for more money
He’s not being petty. Look at the cost of the Big Dig in Boston. The cost was outrageous and it has done absolutely nothing to alleviate traffic.
Thanks for that false equivalency
Did you read the article or just the headline?  You live in NJ.  What do you know about sitting in traffic on the Southeast expressway?  What do you know about the cost overruns that lined everyone’s pockets with cash except the taxpayers?
She's right....a rail tunnel is something people can use, there's evidence it's needed and the cost is very doable versus the return on the investment. Now it's no pork barrelled big assed wall that every bit of evidence says is the last thing one needs for immigration reform....
Live in the West, why should have to pay with my tax dollars a project that only part of the Esst coast will be using ??  Just like the idiot of our state wants to build a “bullet train”, do you want to pay for it?  Instead build the wall !!!  MAGA
Because you live in a collective society and taxes are used for the public good not just YOUR good for example: why should people without kids have to pay taxes for schools? And the wall? border crossings aren't the big issue with immigration anyway
Its always petty to liberals when it  involves spending huge amounts of taxpayers taxes for their pet projects.
Yeah, and that's why your whole infracstructure sucks.
Is this one of those uninformed opinions you also speak of in your bio?
Having been to many countries including the US, I've seen it all up close.
The US is a pretty big country and I’m sure you haven’t seen it all. Pretty sure saying the “whole” infrastructure is a mess is a generalized opinion.
I agree. As a sign of the times I added a little hyperbole for emphasis. Having said that, there are airports in Africa that make JFK look like the third world and there are highway systems and transportation systems in many other countries that have pretty much the same effect.
If each State would prioritize their resources a lot better, you would see remarkable improvement. Depending on the US Government to bail out States that spend like a drunken sailor is ignorant and foolish. We are not a Socialist State!
Perhaps not but infrastructure is a very 'socialist' part of any modern society. It should be states and federal responsibility to see it done. The pending so-called 'infrastructure plan' is a scam. The fed only plans on spending 200 billion on a 1.5 trillion plan.
I fail to see Clintons relevance in any political or government decision, nor do I understand the individuals who clamor for her voice. Isn’t she done with the Screech Tour yet?
Hill has figured out a way to make money off this tunnel or she would t say shit.
Seriously, why won’t she just go away?
SHE'S A CRIMINAL! PLEASE SOMEONE LOCK HER UP!

Where’s Bill Clinton’s name ?
Seriously who listens to this woman anymore?
Fox and Trump.
Hillary who?
Go.....away. You lost
Are u fucking kidding. So clearly if she made it. She would have signed a $30billion dollar bill for a tunnel. Yet can't spend how much on a wall. Clearly you can see where the Dems are vs republicans are. Dems wants streets tunnels Republican want America back as a superpower
Amazing she can’t accept reality, she is irrelevant now, we are sick and tired of her and we know her for what is really is and it ain’t good. Hillary really we want you in a federal state penitentiary.
Please go away, Mrs. Clinton. Just. Go. Away! 
Do everybody a favor and just go away
She knows petty!
Nobody cares what delusional corrupt evil Hillary has to say.  Hillary the more you talk the crazier you look. You want something try using your on money for a change!
Go away @HillaryClinton   Please just go away.
She should take another long walk in the woods. Maybe get lost this time.
I don’t know but it sounds like a good business decision. Of course ex Secretary of State Hillary Clinton could care less about the spending bill. Go back into your cave Hillary.
Hillary. Unanimous, both sides. Enjoy your retirement. You are no longer relevant. Enjoy retirement while you can. Justice is coming.
Hillary getting ready to RUN again
Hillary, you have lost your mind. You lost the election now your mind. You need to get a life. The American voter is glad they made the decision not to elect you. The way you are handling you loss, you could not run the country.
We can build a big beautiful wall with $30 Billion
I think she’s had a hit of 
Hillary? Why?
Nobody cares about her thots. She is a felon who should be jailed...not on tv
I call for a raid on the Clinton's attorney and the Clinton foundation let's see what we find

You’ll be in Guantánamo Bay soon i’ll bet my full retirement you deep state which swamp rat.
Isn't this the pot calling the kettle black ?
Why is Killery still speaking?
Hey Hillary if you think its petty you can pay for it
Let New York & New Jersey pat for it with their own state taxes. NOT government funded taxes.
Hillary Clinton belongs in prison
Everytime @HillaryClinton opens her mouth a Centrist becomes Conservative.

Thank you.
Give it up Hillary!  You lost and no one cares what you say anymore.

Hillary, you don't get it, Read my lips...T H E  W A L L. OK build the Wall. No tunnel, T H E  W A L L.
Again..... Exactly why didn't Hillary become President
When has he ever stopped being petty?
Please lady just go away! You lost and your not relevant anymore!
Well you lost so
Hillary Clinton: living rent free in Republican heads for the rest of eternity. 
@FoxNews LIES 24 7.
The pot calling the Kettle Black. This woman can't stop being ''petty'' over her election loss
After all, 30 Billion is just crumbs.  
Trump needs to punish the people who didn't vote for him. It's the Russian Way.
Take that money and #BuildTheWall .#Liberals have no problems in spending money on their pet projects in blue states and not on a structure that will keep us all safe and reduce our budget by stopping welfare and social benefits to #illegalAliens @JesseBWatters @kilmeade
This is hardly a pet project
And if President Trump signed it they would still say something negative about him. Trust him - he’s a excellent businessman and President.
Hillary Clinton has no room for opinions. Trump has successfully proven just how much she and the Obama Administration was a joke! Both in the domestic arena and the international arena.
Hey Hillary, please take you meds before you speak publicly about ANYTHING!
Flint needs clean water. All infrastructure plans should require cities/states to pony ups percentage of the cost.
None of this matters. Trump is getting impeached.

Probably because it's nothing but pork
I picture this: Hillary visiting the tunnel, the project manager says "pop your head in the tunnel, you might like it" Hillary walks in the tunnel to see for herself and the project manager says "Right boys, she's in there, fill it in"
What a cute little imagination you have 
 from Hillary
Send her my love 
Trump is known as a nervously glorious peabrain
Whereas the Hilderbeast, on leave from the woods and out of Chardonnay, screeches, “Put  me down! Put me down!”
Can you try this again?
Well, she ain’t wrong
It is so nice of you guys to still care so much about Hillary!
Hillary, try and find a new life. Something you like and are good at. Some kind of community service, maybe help the elderly learn to use a computer and stay connected.
Maybe the Clinton foundation should cover it
Who cares what you think, really!
Is this chick still alive? I thought the woods ate her.
Who CARES what she says? No really who cares? Anyone of importance? Nope not one
Go back to the woods @HillaryClinton
Why would anyone quote hilarious?
Bitch will say anything to keep her name out there
What" you didn't get a chance to steal any of this money lol
Why is this woman, with the lowest approval rate in history, still talking?
Are you still here ? Have you no shame women? The jig is up. Go home. No one wants to hear from your compulsive lying mouth.
Why is she even still around? She is a nobody now. Move along lady.
Why is this woman still in the news?
If u think he is petty, maybe the Clinton foundation can pay for it, sounds good to those of us that actually pay taxes
Who gives a damn what Kill-ary says??
Who the hell is Hillary Clinton?
None of her business!!
Hay Hillary,  shut up!!!!!
Gee something that will benefit citizens vs a stupid wall that is a joke?
I tough she was in the woods!!! Where she belongs
Why is this criminal even in the news anymore? The next time we see her should be in an orange jump suit.
Nobody gives a crap about Hillary Clinton.  Post about her when she is arrested!

Thats not all Clinton, wrong again.
Go away Hilary!! You mean nothing anymore
Hillary nobody is asking your opinion
Why does Crooked @HillaryClinton keep popping her head out of the woods to make comments about what @realDonaldTrump should or shouldnt do ? She should be enjoying what little time she has left before she's charged with Crimes like anyone else would be if they did what she did
No Trump is conserving funds since Obama ended debt at 20 trillion!
Hillary, why don't you just write a check.  My money is better spent securing a border than helping to decrease your driving time.
Maybe Donny thinks it's too spensive woozy!
She like to spend our money.

I'll give her that.
Then let HER pay for it if she thinks it is such a good cause. It is really easy to spend taxpayer money how about she cough up that 30 billion instead of sticking it to the rest of us.
Why is she still talking!? HRC time to disappear and spend time with grandkids!
Didn't Hillary lose the election after criminal behavior revealed???
Who asked this loser to express anything? She's off her meds again!
10 hrs.  Only 600 views.
I don't think we care much Hilary!
Build a wall instead. Investing like that in New York is stupid!! New York needs to fix what they have first before building more crap.
Who is this Hillary you speak of
Only Clinton would see the increase from $15m to $22m as a petty issue.
No smart person would jump at double the cost...huge red flags.
This coming from the woman that's wanting babysitting money.
If bith governors declare war on the president...why would he help them
I hope she runs again in 2020.
Stop broadcasting anything about this woman.....she needs to stay in the woods.
#HillaryClinton #realDonaldTrump. Why would anyone let Hillary near a $ 30 billion project??? It’s price would rise to $ 50 billion and several hundred million would be contributed to Clinton Foundation. How can anyone be “petty” about this large a Federally funded project?
Screw New York and screw New Jersey.
They want a tunnel, get some fricking shovels and buckets and start digging
She's still around?
Great!! She's gonna help us a ton to defeat the demagogues in the midterms. 
The more she sticks around, the more Americans will see through the Dems lies and 
#voterepublican 
#voterepublican 
#voterepublican
Everyone is leaving the "over-taxed crazy liberal north"...I-95 South is all they need...
I guess HRC thinks 29.5 B is just crumbs.  There is more kickbacks in that price than one can imagine.
SHUT UP AND GO AWAY BITCH!!!!!!!
