When you lie for a living your skin has to be thick.
Hillary's must be leather.
Is Hilary in office?
I know reading must not be your forte but my response was to Jeremy G. about lying and having tough skin. No where in this whole exchange was there anything about Hillary being in office except when you mentioned it.
your deductive skills are lacking, sir. she's referring to the fact that people like you always deflect and bring up hillary. i guess it's so you don't have to take responsibility for what you're doing to our country.
They have nothing else. But Hilary. But Obama.
Women need to unite against bullying. President of correspondence association owe invited Sarah Sanders guest who was bullied an apology.  Where was the press leadership? Bullying is not funny.  Women unite and maga.  Press owe all women an apology
The actual President of the United States is a bully. You get that, right? He spends most of his day calling people names in speeches and tweets.
I guess if Hillary won you would have thought her bullying people would have been ok
I am a registered Republican. Have been for over 20yrs. Trump is an embarrassment.
Then who would you rather have
Someone that is qualified for the position. And a person that’s not an asshole would be a nice added bonus.
I didn't know that Carrot Top had a sister.
Lol! Poor Carrottop
What a wonderful lady Sarah is.
Sarah Sanders is a beautiful woman, wife, mother, and full of wisdom.  She bravely remained at the disgusting version of what was a "correspondence dinner" and proved to the world what bullying is and how low down the media & fake news has reached.   Thanks is owed to Sarah!
She may have thick skin but everyone has a tender heart remember that
I assume attendance is not mandatory. Everybody on Team Trump should stay away just like @POTUS did. Waste of time.
The real war on women is from the Democrats
@PressSec is a very smart woman who's doing a great job in her position. She has the respect of many young women who looks up to her! #FOXNEWS
I am thankful and fully support free speech; however, as a woman, this “comedian” at last night’s WHCD was an embarrassment and a disgrace. I applaud POTUS for not attending...and Mrs. Sanders: my respects!
She may be tough but she still has emotions; just hides it well! God bless her
The Uncle Tom comment about her was way too far, I’m so disappointed
The bullies playing the victim. So predictable!!!
#LiberalLogic Strike Again!
A beautiful, smart and classy woman demonized by a non funny nobody!! Stay classy @PressSec !! #MAGA
That was plain bullying and body shaming.
Sarah Sanders you are a hero and one of the best Press Sec I have seen. I didn’t watch the WHCD last night because I was watching POTUS talk about what really matters. By the way its far more entertaining. You can tell your effective when the fearful left attacks. God Bless you.
I agree, plus the hate does NOT end there. WaPo is celebrating the speech on its online frontpage this morning, making a video of the "entire" speech available!! WaPo/#MSM = "Enemy of the People"
Nobody deserves to be treated that way. I am sickened and heartbroken by where our society is today......all because you don’t believe as they do.
A lady with a lot of class from a good family. Sarah Sanders will go far . I believe we need more women and men with her  character and moral convictions to get America great again. Keep up the good work .
So great that @PressSec has broken glass ceilings. Strong. Tough. Fights for what she believes. America is behind you!
She’s a LIAR.
NO, you just can't handle the truth!
She is someone who is not being truthful to the American public.
Or, you can't handle the truth.  Or, you don't want the truth.   Or, the truth escapes you.  Or, you don't recognize the truth.  Or your truth is not mine.
She does have very tough skin. Anyone who looks at her can see that.
Sarah you showed true dignity!  I am proud to be a woman like you. 
Wait What? C’Mon! I do dream of a life where we hold our elected leaders to a higher standard than we hold comedians.  You might think about that. 
You're really justifying how Sarah was treated based on subjective feelings about this president?  Maybe you're right about the president, maybe you're half right and maybe you're mostly wrong.  None of that has anything to w/ callously hurting people.
Yes, I expected her to walk out. But she has lied for a dishonorable man for over a year, which hurts many more people than just her feelings. 
History will not look favorably on all Trump associates that "turned the other way" when confronted with his behavior.
His demise is now
Please give us examples of her lies with proof, I'll wait but of course you won't be able to so.................................
"Everybody acts like President Trump is the one that came up with this idea. ... There are multiple news outlets that have reported" former President Barack Obama ordered wiretapping on Trump.
No context??????
Sanders has thick everything
*You’re
Proper English to the hatriots is anti-trump.
Blah blah blah
The joke is on the comedian. She is not funny AT ALL. I appreciate our @PressSec Sarah Sanders for putttng up with the vicious media. @acosta @AprilDRyan @BrianKarem in particular. Should be banned from press room.
White House should withdraw completely from this abusive event.
Wolf a comedian!? She would probably better her career to partner with Stormy. She certainly has the mouth for it.
no one should be treated the way Sarah was treated. Maybe no representative of the WH should go to any. Let them amuse themselves without anyone from WH! disgusting people!
@DanaPerino  My heart broke for @PressSec last night; Sarah Sanders is in no way deserving of such a vicious attack. If @michelleisawolf represents the 'tolerant' left, I am very proud to be a 'deplorable.'
.@PressSec proved last night exactly why she's the Press Secretary and without doubt, in it for the long haul.

A beautiful, strong, resolute woman, very capable of handling the vile, hate-driven Left, man or woman.
The strong can always overcome the weak and uneducated.  Sarah Sanders is a badass.
She’s a beautiful, dignified, Godly woman.
What an absolute disgrace the way Sara was treated. What the heck is wrong with the people on the left.
It was just "locker room talk."

Get over it, snowflakes.

PHOTO: Wounded warrior and his little angel  
stand up for Sarah 
It was just a little politically incorrect, grab them by the pus$y, locker room talk. Show some grace. 
#WeLoveYouSarahSanders
Whatever made the snowflakes happy yesterday so be it. Just remember snowflakes President Trump is your president who for 7 fabulous years.Trump2020
But how does she reconcile her Christian principles with what she does every day?
Why should she have to take that in our society which respects women? Why is it okay to beat down on her?
My father taught me to never point a  weapon at another person unless it is for protection. He also taught me to think before speaking. Is it Thoughful, Helpful, Inspirational, Necessary, Kind. Freedoms come with responsiblities.
One thing about talking bad about good people like Sarah? It is just another reason to jump in and say again, just how great they are. Sarah's elegance and class shine like a star under such attacks.
wait wait wait...a woman who defends Donald Trump on  a daily basis needs to be apologized to for being roasted at a dinner known for roasting?!?!?! Once again the GOP hypocrisy knows no bounds!
https://www.patreon.com/posts/how-trans-agenda-18477687 …
how the liberal agenda (i am a liberal) is hurting women and we are moving to the right to fight back. Please become involved become #gendercritical
But Sarah is a lady and doesn't deserve what she heard last night,
Love Sarah
; one of the most respected women in the world. No clown can bring her down.
She is above them all
You guys are awesome Mercedes!  So sad that Michelle Wolf can be so mean.
@PressSec is way above the slimy, swamp thing #MichelleWolf What this jerk did last night is lose future gigs. Nobody wants to hear a hater ranter, bully, and pay money to boot.
#LoveSarah 
Sarah Sanders knows who she is, she’s come to peace with it, that’s what’s truly horrifying.
Apologize to Sanders?  Are you kidding?  Sanders needs to apologize to AMERICA.  And we're still waiting on Spicer to do the same.

Students walk out of speech: mocks them as “children fleeing from political speech that they disagree with,” also talks about the importance of “learning to listen to a different POV.”…
Sarah Sanders and President Trump should resign. It's what the overwhelming majority of Americans want! Resign now @realDonaldTrump
Majority? His approval rate is at 51% as of Friday.

She was crying back stage lol
Why is that funny? The best part is she’s much better looking than you. Lol
Lol
Yeah. True truth is funny.
Your right it is funny and the truth can bring out the ugly in ppl have a great day and thank you for being you lmol
It did bring you out. Good point.
Aww your still trying good luck
Don’t be jealous. It isn’t your fault she’s prettier than you.
Sarah is wonderful and looked very beautiful last  night!
I thought ya’ll liked the not politically correct stuff?
You should probably stay away from comedy too. I know you are trying to defend this woman but the delivery was weak and pretty juvenile. If you think she was wrong, stay at a higher level, not go lower
Pointing out facts.. lmao liberals are hilarious just watching them.. I don't need to try to be funny while talking about them.. None of them are smart enough to catch the puns.. you're proof.. !! Go high... hahaha
If you don't need to, why did you try? And I'm not sure you understand the definition of pun, it's when 1 word has multiple meanings. Not 1 of your weak attempts at humor qualify as a pun, smart guy. Don't enter a battle of wits unarmed Cliff, it's embarrassing
Pun can be used as a multiple. Any facts that have a funny reality.. still not trying... just using Common sense and Observation... but you're really trying... now that's funny
No, a pun is simply a pun. It's ok that you tried to use a word you didn't understand to appear smarter than your room temp IQ clearly indicates. It was a nice try, a valiant effort that flamed out miserably. Funny that you think this is "trying hard". Give yourself credit much
She knew the rules. She better have thick skin.
Sarah is beautiful and smart I love  her
What is wrong with Americans both 
Dems and Rep. that we find pleasure in
Bulling others..? 
If you don't have something nice to say
Please remain silent..our Children hear this
foolishness.. Someone step forward and be the
first to call a stop to this!
sarah sanders grew more in her journey last night. Everyone else degenerated to toddlers in sand box.
I’m glad you and your husband walked out of the WHCD. Thank you for that.
I can’t wait for her next briefing
@PressSec @SHSanders45 DEAFENING SILENCE WHEN Republican TRUMPETEERS called for @POTUS44 @BarackObama hanging and @realDonaldTrump lied about Obama's Birth Certificate prompts me to ask, do Republicans get their moral compasses at Nazi Surplus Stores?
Aww, Sarah can lie all day but no one can make fun of her.  Poor baby. Don’t feel one bit sorry for this lying POS!
I would have been on my phone, or, reading a book.
SARAH
Please tell Sarah "Hi and we love her, too", also we are proud of her and honored, also, to have her on our team.  Be well, Ma'am.

Tough skin or not, what the news media did last night was they destroyed their history of trying to be fair & balanced. They are what they are: left wing bigots reporting fake news and like the horse buggy maker, wondering where all their customers went.
I think Sarah will one day run for public office. Grace under fire. Love it.. @PressSec
Fox News is over rating the show which is to expose comedy on the mistakes or what was said about someone. At this show the sassy the better. What thin skinned the news commentators are at Fox News. Trump didn’t show last year or this year because of the many lies  & sex affairs
Hurtful is funny?
Sarah handled last night well. That dope tried to insult her but failed. Real comedy is appreciated, but stupidness is not.
So very proud of Sarah and the excellent job she does. Amazing and shameful what she has to put up with.
Oh please.  Perhaps @PressSec should apologize to Obama, Clinton, Comey.....when she stands at the podium and elsewhere bashing every single person that speaks out against this administration.  Get over it.  This is a comedian, that’s what comedians do.
Newsflash: what really disrespectful is how @PressSec is paid with tax payer dollars to lie to Americans and attack a free press daily. #FactsMatter
Boo hoo hoo!
@PressSec Sanders stands behind her podium and lies to the press and the American people everyday.  Compared to that, a joke about her perfect smokey eye is insignificant in cruelty or affront.
Why is it that the WHCD has to get wtiters from the Daily Show as comedians and not real ones? No wonder the Daily Show sucks
A year and a half later and Fox News hasn't praised Hillary Clinton for sitting calmly during this and not whining about it the next day.
The left knows no boundry, Hippocrates and hateful people. Go Trump 
@PressSec what a classy woman and GREAT role model to young women all over our country! To sit and listen to that disgusting no name, so called comedian, such restraint.  Personally, I would have gotten up and punched her in her ugly face. Thank You for your service!
Lets put Sarah and this low life comedian in a cage match and see who gets the last laugh
Its thick from her stress eating
Looks like wolf only put on Half her wig!
Liberals like Wolf allegedly joke & fake laugh but it’s not done in jest by any means. They’re growing more & more furious over the election they lost. I got news for them- get used to it.
Thank you Mercedes, I think Sarah Sanders is a wonderful Woman and a role model that all mothers should want their daughters to follow!
Trumpsters didn’t like the way some at the WHCD went after Sanders, I don’t like the way Sanders and other trump clowns go after truth and facts on daily bases.
asking for apologies is normalizing the horrendous lies coming out of her mouth.
She looked beautiful and she is amazing. These are the same people that are against bullying, misogyny, and body shaming that find it amusing. Hypocrites.
And she does a great job.
Main Stream media + Hollywood = the new American Pravda  propaganda machine for the new Democrat(communist) party. Every decent American should boycott all MSM endeavors ( shows, performances, news outlets, sports) until they stop their relentless attacks on decency
What time did @mercedesschlapp & hubby walk out?  Was it just about at the end?  How long did it take you guys to say good night to all?
Thank you @mercedesschlapp  for walking out on this disgusting “comedian”. It was hard to watch. Shame on all of the other women who didn’t walk out.
Apologize??????
Sanders is the sort of person who, if a comedian does a series of jokes about what a shameless liar she is, people TELL LIES ABOUT THE JOKES TO DEFEND HER.
Lmao “snowflakes”
Stop crying 
Oh, did #AxisSally get her feewings hurt? Did somebody grab her by the pussy?
What an asinine comment. Embarrassed for you because you don't have enough sense to be embarrassed for yourself

Still able to trigger Trumptards though...
She is so great. Hard to believe anyone would say anything negative and that degenerate lying piece of garbage.
Apparently sentence composition is one of your weak points. Read your sentence aloud and you will be amazed at how nonsensical it is.
Ok. I fixed it for you. Thanks for the heads-up:

She is so great. It’s Hard to Believe that ANYONE would say anything negative about that degenerate lying piece of garbage.
Probably should have put a comma between degenerate and lying.
Have they seen past correspondence dinners? Why is everyone offended? Especially the right who frown upon anything PC. Get over it. It was funny
I agree. She is very good at doing her job. A thankless job at times.
I wish you guys got this pissed off when @realDonaldTrump made fun of people...
This continues to show the hateful, intolerant left. Unless one thinks like they do you will be vilified. The left are the true Fascist.
The left wing radicals have taken over the Dems good people must find a way to take the party back
Well said.
She spews lies every single day from her press podium, so that would be her chance for a snappy comeback.  But "thick" is a word that comes to mind when I think of her.
@mercedesschlapp your nose is rather brown these days ... ijs
Sarah has think skin like an elephant...
I agree! She is one cool tough lady. LOVE Sarah! She is my heroin. That excuse for a human that insulted her last night could only WISH to be as spectacular as Sarah.
She’s also honest and of flawless character, two quality’s the left doesn’t have and hates!
As a young journalist, I dreamed of being a WH correspondent. Now, at 71, I'm glad life took me on a different path. Last night's "comedy" was not funny or good-natured. Check out YouTube's archive. Start with the '80s & see how folks with different opinions can laugh together.
Sarah is an awesome woman. She is the best press secretary I've ever seen.  Smart, bold, and stands up the sick media animals she has to face.  
Sarah, you hold our respect, and praise for the tough job you do.
Keep up the great work.  
-  A Sarah fan.
Not thick skin, but thick head.
Sarah Sanders is role model for all future Press Secretary appointees! She has been cogent, articulate, polished, and polite in every televised appearance I have seen. It’s easy to see why she was asked to take on this BIG job. Criticizing her for doing her job is LAME!
Most pachyderms like Ms Sanders do.



Yea like horses with blinders on ! #FakeNewsFox  @PressSec  delivers no information
watching that jewish foul mouthed bully insult sarah was infuriating.
It’s over!

https://twitter.com/cynical_side/status/990629030838747136 …

#theresistanceisover
@StenoThat the resistance is over! Spread the word!

https://twitter.com/cynical_side/status/990626273834618880 …
They have no clue about where the heart and soul of Americans lies and thats,why the dems are losing big elections
I'm sorry democrats and liberals . I voted for Trump and after all the things he has done ...i won't vote for him again.... Until 2020
All the Democrats know is hate hate hate. And they're supposed to be the party of love! What a joke.
I am no fan of Sarah but that so called comedian wasn't even funny . Watching this during the night because I'm a Brit so timelines are iffy ..
what the hell is wrong with that woman's eyes? holy hell!
But you Republican ***holes were laughing it up when Michelle Obama’s physical appearance was being made fun of.
Well, I guess someone has to be. Thanks for sucking it up.
A great lady that sets the record straight!!
Agreed, she is great.
It's ok for the tolerate loving liberals to bash conservative women
Thick skin like alligator boots.
If I were Sarah's husband, and had been there with her, I would have politely walked up and whispered something to the comic. Then sat down. The next over the line remark at my wife, I would have demonstrated treating a woman like an equal.
Very well said, I would like to say something about how Sarah Sanders and Kelly Conway looked, BEAUTIFUL, and STUNNING, these people can't even see what true beauty is inside and out, they look FAB, both women are soooo smart, and powerful and amazing, that is the truth
You and her must see Eye to Eye!
https://twitter.com/BlueCrush2018/status/990625444960657409?s=19 …
All our love Sarah! What happened to the “me to movement”, as usual it’s only for some people.  It makes me sad that anyone could think this comedian was funny.
Of course she has thick skin. She works for Trump.
“Thick skin “ 

Donald Trump:
— “Grab em by the pussy”
— “I moved on her like a bitch”
— “Blood coming out of her wherever”…
Relax fox quit pretending you guys are a real news organization.
http://www.politifact.com/personalities/sarah-huckabee-sanders/statements/byruling/false/ …
http://www.politifact.com/personalities/sarah-huckabee-sanders/statements/byruling/false/ …
Hey.....you ran and left her alone to it like the lily livered  gf you are......only to show up to speak on something you never saw.....
.....typical

Dems new slogan... AMERICA its whats for dinner.
I'm so impressed White House folks who support Sarah walked out...but SHE didn't. Man, she's ONE TOUGH GAL!! Love her to pieces! (This will all backfire on the Dems...bigly.)
Wtf. Did she get shot or something?
Sarah Sanders stands before the nation and lies every weekday at the direction of her lyin’ boss. Thick-headed and thick-skinned. Great qualities. What a lady.
These lies you talk about are your opinion  this hate is poison to your heart.
I hope the decent American voters are watching the disgusting behavior of these mean spirited people and no longer want anything to do with them. I don’t like President Trumps words at times but he is 100% correct. Witch hunt, fake news and hypocrisy.
I have witnessed her lying on important topics, that gives me a bad impression of her. The dislike has been earned.
Of course she has thick skin, that's why they make footballs from it.
She's also complete garbage and Wolf was right, she lies all the time.
She is fat, indeed.
This is a bunch of & more turds were laid
Sarah rocks
Sarah Sanders can certainly take a joke.  Unfortunately, she wasn't the topic of any jokes at the WHCD.
Sarah could eat the pigs at the supper for lunch
Sarah deserves no apology. She lies to the American Public daily! When will we get our apology?
Oh stop it y’all taking it too far..
Don't apologize. Truth hurts sometimes.
When your boss is Donald you need thick skin.  Look at all the people he has made fun of starting with the reporter with disabilities.
I don't like her she's arrogant rude and lies for Trump on a daily basis but she did not deserve the nastiness she was given. She was gracious professional and dignified. Kudos for that.
what is wrong with your eyes?
Sarah Sanders is owed an Apology for the vulgarity and personal attack against her. Donald Trump owes Apologies for his vulgar and personal attacks against
John McCain,Ted Cruz his wife&family,Serge Kovaleski,Megyn Kelly,Jeff Sessions,
Sen. ElizabethWarren and hundreds of others!
She shouldnt have gone that moron at the microphone sounded like a drunken drug addict
LYING TO PEOPLE IS DISRESPECTFUL TOO.
Like a rhino?
This just proves how hateful the press really is. So much for what they think is funny. Insulting the way someone looks is just plain bullying. I guess we got a look at how many women actually thought it was funny. Today they will be preaching against bullying. Such Hypocrites.
She was treated unfairly. Civility is disappearing. In part due to @POTUS , whose lack of civility is applauded by his supporters
How is it exactly that you “work” together?
What a wonderful role model she has become !
So sick of you people saying that more than half of 'AMERICANS' do not understand where the 'heart & soul of Americans' lie. You do NOT get to decide for ALL Americans! You are NOT listening!
She should of walked down there and hit him in the mouth.
Sanders has more class in her pinky toe than anyone in that entire room of people.
