"They are trying to 
#SABOTAGE us!
I have no choice,
I will completely 
DRAIN THE SWAMP.
I trust you are with me.
Fight back. Join"
  #PDJT

FOLLOW @realErinCruz 
for more info
This is without a doubt the most terrifying video of what our President is enduring at the hands of Deep State and some things have been left out
Please view this video and RT
Americans must see this
Imagine if Al Capone's paid politician said there was no wrongdoing or tax evasion by Al Capone? Stop embarrassing yourself, Fox News. You are a worldwide disgrace.

Stormy stormy stormy resist all you want you need to get a life and move on President Trump will be President for 8 yrs and the democrats are going down for collusion..
Theres no proof that the oceans contain salt water
Fox News quoting Devin Nunes is like them quoting Sean Hannity as fact
My kids can find the milk in the fridge, either. They didn’t open the fridge either.
That would be “can’t” find the milk
A  end to this charade would be really nice.
Bahaha......you do know that the millions of us that still have a working brain no longer believe a dam word republicans say.....especially Devin Nunes 

VOTE   DEVIN   NUNES   OUT

Putin is very proud of @FoxNews and @DevinNunes #RussiaFirst
MRGA-Making Russia Great again.The Fuhrer’s agenda with ALOT of help from mini-Dump aka Nunes.2 traitors who need to be locked away.

Devin Nunes is a great American Patriot! He has uncovered the true lawlessness of the liberal democrats! All I am waiting is for him or the DOJ to bring those criminals to justice!
lol 
How many millions of our taxpayer dollars was wasted on this hateful, lynching attempt of Americans’ vote and our clear message that we do not want Hillary Clinton to lead this country. #lockthemALLup
Devine Nunes is not Bob Mueller. And there was collusion stop lying.
Because you didn’t look.
Nunes refused to subpoena Jr's phone records which would have provided the evidence. Not to worry, Mr Mueller has them.
yea right
You posted this as a joke right.....if not you should have.  Do your thing State TV !!!
Any proofs for your opinion?
He is a phone lineral.
Trumptards

Just resign, Nunes.
can i send in a pup?
Lol. Dog therapy? 
kindly follow back so we talk better
No one gives a shit what YOU "found". We only care about the real investigation.
Who's we?
America
Central America? speak for yourself #fucktard #usa
How many years & how much money is going to be spent on this b.s?!!! They are trying to take the ppl's President down & it will NEVER happen. The swamp got Pres. JFK ,his brother RFK & definitely Doctor Martin Luther king. Never again. #DrainTheDeepStateSwamp
#MAGA #POTUS #QANON  lock her up
Yet still being investigated by MUELLER. Hahaha. Keep dreaming foxnews
Mueller is going out of his boundaries. What if someone would do that to you? Phones liberal
Lol. Not liberal. Just smart and see the bullshit
Amazing how easy to not find something if you are not looking for it - when you don't even get Trump Jr phone records are you really trying to find anything?

LOL. What a joke of a sham of a fake investigation. Nunes refused to use subpoenas and follow the facts wherever they may lead. But guess what? Mueller is on it. 19 indictments. 6 guilty pleas. And the FBI raided Trump's mob fixer and his 16 cell phones.
Hmm, because you didn’t search! You refused to interview those with knowledge. You didn’t look under the rocks! Luckily, Mr. Mueller will do his 'due diligence'.
The Mueller investigation is a farce.

Nunes himself is very likely under investigation for his actions with Flynn during the campaign. For personal reasons Nunes NEEDED the report to say no collusion. But we all know this investigation was a joke. Hope his ass gets kicked out of Congress- as a start. Nunes is a crook
Trumph has to go
Let’s see what Muler’s investigation results are....
Ok, I'll state the obvious...

You can't find, what you're not looking for
If it's coming from Nunes, its probably a lie.
....because we weren’t really looking.
Sure, sure, but what did the adults have to say about it?
Devin, did you guys actually do any looking for Russian collusion? Did you check under Misty President's bed. I think that's where he keeps his coding machine. Look closely, all the labeling is in Russian. Direct line to Putin.
So what exactly were Trump Jr., Manafort, and Kushner doing with a Russian informant at Trump Tower?
Rosenstein  must end it. Mueller  works for him, he must end it on Monday.

Fake news 
Take that cross off of your name.

What failed to come out in @DevinNunes comments was that the Russian lawyer was granted a special visa to enter the country by the John Kerry State Dept., for a different matter. How and why she was tangled up with Fusion GPS is the question that bears scrutiny.
Nunes  corrupt
I'll rely on Robert Mueller's investigation, not the partisan views of the "investigative" committee. Both the GOP & Dems are too partisan to trust at this point, particularly during an election year. But Mueller will be thorough & fair.
Even the liberal media is finding this a tough pill to swallow , but As Allways...THE TRUTH COMES OUT !!!
Stop the #WitchHunt 
#MuellerWitchHunt 
Stop Spending the Money there is NO COLLUSION
So I wonder how many progressives we have in the intelligence communities and how we find out who they are and expose their corruption
There are still TWO other collusion investigations going on: Special Counsel & Senate. This is not over.
There wasn't a police report done ?
I found the actor to play Nunes in Trump's Treason Movie. 
Trump gets N.Korea to stop nuclear test, might get them to denuclearize , North and South have stopped fighting and the democrats want to impeach him ! Insane! And he didn’t give them 100 billion $ .
Bye Devin.
Mueller also found no collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians. 
I never get tired of hearing that phrase as well as the title President Trump @realDonaldTrump  I find great joy in knowing I will never hear President Hillary Clinton. Hahahaha @HillaryClinton
Don't ask the questions if you don't want the answers. Oh, I forgot that you didn't ask the questions, at least not the right ones of the right witnesses under subpoena or under oath.  You must then be right about finding no collusion.  I hope someday you find your integrity.
And jet... look who financed granny Holly
Wasting HIS time with OUR money.
He's been saying that for a long time...wake up
Of course you didn't bc you're a Russian tool.  Finding collusion was never your intention. You took information to the WH...released a nothing memo. You are Trump's coffee boy. And he is Putin's coffee boy. Coffee boy of a coffee boy. Sad!

Russia should sue.

Well, if Nunes is your most reliable source....
"Hannibal Lecter has found no proof that he ate anyone's liver."
You should get a checkup, Hannibal Lecter is Fiction, do you not like reality ?
Satire doesn't translate into your own language, then?
Proving the news media has gone completely insane. But we already knew that. .                           @POTUS
He was supposed to investigate Russian interference in the election. Was that mentioned in the report?
Keep telling yourselves that. What is Flynn, Manafort, Gates? Part of Trump campaign. GOP wimps just gave into Trumps obstructions.
That is so reassuring. Now we can send that Russian Informant who was at Trump Tower with the entire Campaign staff two years ago home to Mother Russia. Geezus, Nunes has to be the stupidest shill out there.

He’s lying, of course. His report shows collusion, it’s just that he wrote his conclusion first and refused to update it when it was shown to be false.
Yea which has still proven to be 100% true
According to every single document and person involved
Nunes didn’t look. #PutinsPuppet
It doesn't take a scholar to figure out if you would but if it was Hillary you would have her in jail by now but because you have no BALLS when it comes to trump everyone knew the out come next time to REAL INVESTIGATING
Can’t find it if you don’t look for it...and shut it down when you think you might find it, right Li’l Devin?  
We all know that there's no collusion with President Trump campaign, let it stop these arguing we're tired of listening over and over again.second is not fair for President Trump.why don't we takeComney Hillary Loretta Lynch Clapper McCabe and all thats involved we want justice
Listen you puppet just wait
Good thing you're not the real investigators, since you're blind, deaf and dumb, Devin.
As a general rule, when you don’t look for something, you won’t find it.  Then later when someone points it out to you, it’s so obvious that it’s like it slaps you in the face.
Neil, Don't let Hillary off the hook,
We keep hearing this yet Mueller is still at it.  When does this farce stop?!?
You didn’t look you scammed us from the beginning

Considering what happened during last night's White House Correspondents Dinner, should they be considered as a hate group?
Does the cigarette industry still deny cancer warnings for cigarettes?
Well this dopey dolt is still looking for it.....one big never trumper. Can’t believe anyone, and I mean ANYONE, watches his unwatchable show!!!
You mean Nunnes the Russian lover! What are they waiting to investigate the guy?
Did you look ??
Because this traitor didn’t even look...no subpoenas, no investigation...he’s Trump’s cover up man
Wow that Hillary and her campaign really did try to set up President Trump. I hope people go to jail...I bet Schiff knows all about it he was campaigning for Hillary..Mueller needs to go...
It’s not true. It’s a lie to throw people off the trail of what’s really happening.
They all leaked, trying to drive nails into the coffin, then BOOM, he won and it was like what do we do now? So they doubled down and went to work to destroy his legitimacy with their insurance policy.
but Adam "Sherlock" Schiff says there was... think he's confused about which party actually colluded?  me too
We do not believe this Nunes. Nunes is a disgrace


the words of Devin Nunes are about as worthless as Trump's
Go figure !
That’s like saying “I couldn’t find my keys” when never leaving the couch. #FauxNews
Devin Nunez couldn't find a skunk in his sock drawer, let alone a Russian bear.
What’s next. Another witch hunt and complete waste of time and money
We could have predicted YOUR result  before you started!Trouble is, it is meaningless and biased. The ONLY result that has any credibility has yet to be finished.
statements like that are going to haunt Nunes the rest of his days

Sounds like Little Devin doesn’t know where to look. Step aside clown and let the real patriots do the work. Mueller will explain it all once his investigation concludes!
Uggg Nunes is a disgrace.   I don’t believe one word he says
America should decide what u call such person like Devin Nunes? Is he deserve to continue as head of investigative team? Is he finished legitimate investigation & shown loyalty towards country or towards President Trump?
That's the Republican view.
The investigation has not concluded. Trump and the GOP are not responsible for conducting or reporting the investigation.
Says the loyal trump supporter!
Everything is a problem. Then indict!!!!
Hahahaha. We’ll see when the real report comes out!  Remember this tweet there Dev!
Michael Horowitz’s findings should be quite enlightening.
Yea, but that's Nunes.  That man's actions and words mean nothing.  He's nothing more than a puppet that will do and say anything he's told to do and say.  Running all over the WH lawn was probably his idea, he looked like a fool, because he is.
Right, cuz #traitornunes has so much credibility!
Of course not
Investigating yourselves is fun isn’t it?
Rs worry that dossier was revealed illegally. Ds worry dossier proves conspiracy. Therefore Rs worry dossier will bring down trump.
I am so fed up of the internal ramblings of those who do not matter. Let the counsel do his business then report fully without any interference and obstruction. Then and only then see it for what it is.
Did anyone actually thing the right-wingers would say anything else?
"It's no a lie... if you believe it" George Costanza
Funny what you don’t find when you don’t look,
Cavuto, always a #NeverTrumper.
You weren't looking very hard
And we know the deal to help with the election for sanction relief was not made ............because the guy that lies all day.......said so ! 
Then why doesn’t the committee shut down the Mueller witch hunt
You couldn’t find your ass with a seeing eye dog, a map, a flashlight, a shit locator, an extra set of hands, and an inserted enema to follow.
Nunes couldn't find his asshole with a flashlight and a map.
But you sure behave like one.
Wow!
Really?
Trump transition team operative Nunes finds himself and the rest of the Trump operatives innocent?
You don't say?

What's the next revelation?
The Pope's religion?
Mueller would disagree.
Sad he doesn’t care that historymwill judge him to be a traitor
Fake News 
GOP SCAM INVESTIGATION!
They had help from and talked to Russia about election  and future policy 2015/2016?!
Granted, it is hard to find anything with your head stuck up Trumps ass.
An absolute joke. Not ONE subpoena issued
Nunes is a liar.
No but everyone else has
Tell us something we don't know
You can’t find what your not looking for. Just look at indictments that Mueller has already called up, its only a matter of time. Behind @realDonaldTrump , @DevinNunes  is one of the most untrustworthy, unethical people in Washington.

LMAO! Of course nunes is going to find no collusion, he’s donny’s #CockHolster
Nunes the Snake has Zero Credibility! He made up his own Docs, slithered around people and the process and ran to stick his nose up POTUS backside. Neal ur a great finance guy please stick to ur core competency - u know the value of credible sources
Only Democrats and Fake News MSM did see otherwise.
It would helpful if you posted Devin’s comments in their original language. Spasiba.
Nunes the Snake has Zero Credibility! He made up his own Docs, slithered around people and the process and ran to stick his nose up POTUS backside. Neal ur a great finance guy please stick to ur core competency - u know the value of credible sources & that isn’t NUNES
Also the house committee is dominated by GOP so who in the right mind would believe it was an accurate report, instead we will wait for the Mueller report
Nunes said that? Oh well then...
@DevinNunes, maybe because you didn’t look!
You'd think by now if there was some collusion, someone would point out the evidence of it.
It's very easy to not find things when you don't actually look for them, huh? #Collusion @realDonaldTrump

Sounds like John Huber will be have lots of information to sift through! So sad and so important to finally get some consequences for these revelations seemingly at the top of Dem actions! W/o any they will forever muck up the workings of Washington!
I wish they had an emoji for treason weasel.
It's easy not to find something when you're making a concerted effort not to find it.
TYPICAL Seditious  Paid LIAR for $oros...
Crime Spree by DEMONcrats 
Liars pathological and pathetic. Trumpis a criminal and so is his administration. They lie every single day to the American people through their policies !
Bwahahahahaha. What a joke.
Winner winner chicken dinner, Nunes makes the same statement for the 1000th time, now he gets to eat lunch at the White House
Nunes saying “no collusion “ is a joke. Trump is always looking for people “loyal” enough to break the law for him. Remember Pam Bondi, the AG in Florida? Investigates Trump U, until she gets $25,000 from Trump for her campaign. The investigation went away.
It seems to me that Trump has deep pockets when he has bills to pay, but when he needs to buy someone, the cash is in hand. Maybe it’s just a coincidence.
And everybody knows Devin Nunes has done everything possible not to investigate has blocked it and every way possible running back and forth to the White House along with Jim Jordan and Matt gets and the rest of the GOP house Intel and Devin Nunez . Way down in polls
Nunes  time is short
Get rid of this guy and Brennan!
LOL...sure..........like we would believe you and your partisan hacks doing Trump’s bidding....you’re as crooked as he is, trying to cover things up and not look into any evidence at all.  Can’t find what you’re not looking for!

Nunes is in danger of losing his seat in a deep red county. - Bye Felicia. 
When the Democrats take the house, Nunes unethical and potentially criminal conduct will be investigated if he manages not to be fired by his own constituents. Who will help Trump obstruct the law then?
Source: James Risen, once renowned investigative reporter a Trump-Russia skeptic: “as I’ve dug deeper into the evidence made public so far, I have become convinced that the case for collusion is much stronger than I thought.”
* psst. You didn't look.
Zzzzzz
Nunes is an unAmerican liar who ought to have to reimburse taxpayers for the money he wasted with his farce. He did no investigating
Republicans have given up what "little" morality and integrity they had in support of the idiot trump. How anyone would want to be apart of that party is beyond me. Eventually the idiot trumps supporters will come to realize he doesn't give a rats ass about them at all.
And I have some magic beans for sale. I'll give you a good deal on em.
These shameless smears and attacks on the rule of law and law enforcement are disgusting. Nunes is obstructing this investigation along side his buddy in the white house. Mueller is not done & only his findings matter. Fox, the GOP & Nunes are all afraid of what he will find.
Republican led investigation, not even close to a real one. A dog and pony show. Mueller is coming, and it won’t be pretty. Trump has so many Russian ties, it can only be blind faith, that keeps ANYONE in the cult of his phony patriotism.
Yeah right, you’re a LOUSY trump YESMAN
Thank you for enduring the slander of the haters and the great personal risk of being in the crosshairs of the deep state.

As long as America can produce public servants like Devin Nunes we have hope that our democracy can endure.
Incredibly empty document. Defensive posturing does NOT amount to an investigation.  Hell. I have not found that other black sock... probably because I looked in the garage and the back yard instead of the laundry room.  You lack of thorough investigations practice is a sham.
@DevinNunes has zero credibility!
Of course u didn’t. U failed2 subpoena important witnesses and phone records because u didn’t want 2find the evidence. How r u n the other disgraceful republicans going2 defend ur pitiful “investigation” when Mueller finds n enormous amount of evidence? Will U admit incompetence?
Fake Nunes! Because you're weren't looking for it.
Federal judge says there could be an indictment ahead for Trump lawyer Michael Cohen. https://on.msnbc.com/2KmELVx 
@DevinNunes : “I can’t find the nose on my face.” #TrumpRussia
Whahaha all Nunes has to do was look at where his money was coming from
If Mueller reaches the same conclusion, I know that will convince me.

You forgot Lois Lerner and Koskinen! Trump needs to tell Sessions to hire 5 special counsels 1. IRS scandal, 2. Clinton Foundation, 3. Hillary's Illegal servers, 4. Uranium One involving Mueller Comey and DOJ, 5. Obama's sending cash to Iran! All need to be jailed, assets taken!
