Anyone who has seen Comey speak knows he is a flawed but very honest man. Fox and Lindsey Graham on the other hand...
You say this as if you know this which of course you do not. You people are being played and being conned into betraying your country. Wake up man. Putin owns Trump and the Koch's own the rest of the Republicans. None of them care about you or our country.
Obama's CIA director was a communist.
Clapper and Brennan Comey and Mueller served in a crooked capacity so it's meaningless other than the fact that it's treasonous
Mueller is only there to clean  up
Have you seen his record it goes back to the 80s he is famed for creating crimes that don't exist..... he has a long history of railroading innocent people...... I call that creating s*** not cleaning s***
I dont have any use or trust for him
Comey handed the election to Trump on a silver tray with his last-minute "reopening" of the bogus email investigation. Where is the gratitude?
The error of your tweet is you imply the email scandal was bogus. The only thing bogus was the sham FBI investigation of the real email scandal
I trust Lindsey Graham about as much as I trust Comey!
But nice try!
Makes one wonder what brought about such a switch in Graham. First he states Trump is deserving of the Nobel Peace Prize for bringing peace talks to the Korean Peninsula and now this. 
One word.... FEAR!
He has seen our rejection of others that have revealed they are traitors. Apparently, Mr Graham wants to stay in the Senate. TOO LATE, vote him out!
You are more than likely correct. Fear can be quite the motivator. But he lacks solidity and the changes would only last as long as the pressure of fear is in control. So hopefully he does get voted out.
We don't trust you either Lindsey. I believe you knew all along what was going on, being filled in by your buddy Songbird.
But Mr. Graham you vote to protect Mueller who will protect Comey!  So your actions speak more to what you are than your words. Mueller is in search a crime and destroying the legal system in the process. And you approve!!!
@POTUS didn't brand James Comey as a liar and a leaker. Comey did that to himself.
He sure as hell did! And why he hasn't been indicted yet is mind boggling!?
Because Justice Grinds Slowly
I'm still holding out for hope that Sessions is behind the scenes building his case against these criminal's? Time will tell...
Several good sources on this one of the best is Sundance at conservative Treehouse or @LastRefuge2
Thank you, I'm going to read up on this!
Your welcome
This asshole talk's out of both sides of his mouth!! Comey and the entire former administration criminal network are guilty of Sedition!! But I want to protect the witch Hunt??
Baffling isn’t it? Lindsey’s nothing but a two headed political snake.
Is #Comey part of #Mueller investigation since Congress approved #ComeyMemos for publishing? I don't believe Comey will be a witness, more like an impending indictment, like #McCabe and HILLARY! #FireCongress2018
James comey is either crazy or a idiot, if he don't know what's classified? and mueller's team knows? and says the "dossier wasn't real" in his memo, then uses it to open the russia investigation?..oh lordy...either way he's a fraud or a idiot....both will still serve jail time.
Gee, if only there was a body of government with a party in control that could do something about it.
They made the mistake by assuming Hillary would be president and none of this would have come to light
No one trusts Comey........ Hey whats uo my patriots come follow me 
How can you call yourself a patriot when you venerate the most unamerican president possible?
Don't you have enough problems in London? Worry about your own country chief...
London bridge is falling down 
Right.
Clearly Trump has compromising information on Graham for him to spout such lies and BS.  And it was the GOP toasting Comey when his reopening of the investigation days prior to the election gave Trump the boost he needed to win.
Says RINO Graham himself
Maybe @LindseyGrahamSC should explain what he knows about the FBI investigation that nobody else does. This is pure partisan bullsh@t
Well especially if his very own brother is the attorney for the #clintonFoundation
Why then @LindseyGrahamSC   
Would you sign up to Protect Mueller from being fired by President? President has the authority to fire! 
#WitchHunt  
#InsurancePolicy 
Comey Clapper Brennan Mueller all Corrupt !
I don’t trust you Lindsey Graham Rino as far as I can throw you .
Does anyone remember what Clinton allegedly even did? Is this still Benghazi? Or giving Russians classified info in the Oval Office?
Their world is still ending as they scream....
"Lawdy,the very ideah that a long-term director of th' FBI might just B more credible than the biggest liar 2 evah occupy the White House...
...purely do give me the vapahs!" #DumpDerDrumpfuhrer #FuxAndFrauds
Graham - yog’ve lost  your mind!
@jeffsessions Your deafening silence better be because you’re gathering all of this obvious evidence against @Comey @JohnBrennan @HillaryClinton @AGLynch #jamesclapper et al.  The American people want a special council appointed immediately. @POTUS @GOP
Graham, I don't trust him. He always screams about norms and values and then falls in line to support a liar and traitor. He is a sell out in every aspect.
Let me translate what @LindseyGrahamSC is trying to say. "We think James Comey tried to damage @HillaryClinton and we Republicrats were counting on him to defeat @realDonaldTrump"
Correct, what does it take to finally get a special counsel, and the people involved to testify?
Just a pass Lindsey? You must know this is way bigger than that.
Chaos is chaotic in America. Does anyone know who is plotting all the various maelstrom in America.  Could it be anti Americans that infiltrated all levels of U.S. Government. INVESTIGATE
it's ok lindsey, we don't trust you
Donald Trump has so poisoned the atmosphere by attacking the disabled, gold star parents, Muslims, Mexicans, Blacks, women, the press, the rule of law that a comedian who simply tells the truth is offensive? She’s joking. He’s not.
When did the purpose of American government become undermining American citizens rather than providing citizens with proper water and electricity?  Was it January 20, 2017?
May 8th the IG’s report is expected! May he has been briefed on some of the details 
WOW GRAHAM! Your pres has given Putin a pass. How do you feel about that? The hypocrisy is overwhelming & EMBARRASSING!!
Peter Comey pay off

Why are you trying to protect the Special Council when you know it's a fraud? You should be calling for Mueller to show us evidence of a crime or go home immediately.
So Lindsey thinks Mueller will do a better job, so he backs legislation that will protect him? Mueller is even worse than Comey. Lindsey is such as joke.
If Comey was a friend of Trump he’d be in jail already! What is wrong with this picture? Isn’t anybody going to enforce our laws? FBI corruption DOJ also?
Well, if it’s a joke in the highest levels of our federal government then why isn’t anyone with guts to hold those all accountable for the widespread and massive corruption? Let’s stop talking and more doing to end this “jokes” in DC
We don’t trust you either @LindseyGrahamSC if you don’t trust Comey how can you trust Mueller.  You’re so naive you introduced a bill to protect Mueller from being fired!
The Trump Campaign is a Corrupt Organization pursuant to RICO. Don Jr, Kushner, Gates, Manafort, Flynn, etc - they all have committed crimes that meet the definition of racketeering. Trump is the crime boss. Cohen is Sammy the Bull. It’s too easy for Mueller.
Trump must have Kompromat on you ? or you are dumber than i thought .
Trump was right he is a "showboat" I think attention whore is more accurate.
Comey & Hillary are above the law; What a Shame!

Comey handed Trump the election, hahaha! 

He never gave Clinton ‘a pass’. He actually turned the tide of attention onto a hollow, sensationalised email scandal which contributed to her losing the election.
He is lying and he knows it...the house of cards will fall...tick tock   #WWG1WGA

This happened under the Congressional Cesspools nose. My guess is many sitting up on Capitol hill is just as corrupt as those SOB at the @FBI.  #UniParty needs to be kicked out & we need a Patriot Party that is for America!
Says the one who voted to keep Trump from stopping #Mueller.
True, true.
EVIL TOOK OVER CONTROL OF THE U.S. GOVERNMENT AGENCIES SUCH AS THE CIA, FBI, DOJ, CONGRESS, JUDGES AND COURTS. THE MILITARY GENERALS WERE FORCED TO RETIRE EARLY..& REPLACED BY EVIL DOERS. UNDER OBAMA ADMINISTRATION. BUT BEGAN WITH BUSH & CLINTON.

Not only give HRC a pass, but to set up a duly elected President. See texts between Strzok/Page
@LindseyGrahamSC


You’re referring to travesty of #ObamaGate right 
Where ObAma weaponized the intelligence agencies against political opponent & President Elect. All While he & Hillary lied & stole from the American People. Doing their best to destroy America from the inside out. We have proof!
You are a fool..I feel sorry for you .  History won't be kind.  I'm blocking you because I just don't have the time to argue.  Too much to do.#resistance #BlueWaveComing2018 #nevervotingRepublicanAgain
Discrediting Comey is not a defense to racketeering , conspiracy and obstruction. Nor is it a defense for using campaign funds to pay off a porn star.
Nice try but...

So, right...why hasn’t HRC, WJC and their ilk been charged? Um, massive cover up?  Sorry but Swamp Creatures win when we can’t handle the truth. #Qanon
Nice deflection. You prove my point. Your only defense his Hillary blah blah.
Not MY defense, dude. The previously mentioned culprits have all been proven to be guilty.. again and again hence the different standards for investigating this non political POTUS. Btw, include most of the GOP past 50 years on that list. Dig deeper hole #Qanon4chan
I mentioned RICO as related to Trump Campaign - and you shit your diaper about Hillary cover up, qanon, swamp, bla bla blah. Whatever Hillary may or may not have done, it has no bearing on the Trump Campaign’s obvious engagement in racketeering.

Faux news

Graham is finally right on something
This is unbelievable!  Everyone that was under Obama, including Obama were criminals.  All of em!  No arrest?!?!?  Wtf!!
Comey’s uses his height to intimidate people! But he’s falling fast & for him it will be a long way down!

@IsrealLebovits
Then do something about besides talk!
Until we have a JUSTICE DEPARTMENT that is WILLING to ACTUALLY DO IT'S JOB, Comey is the perfect example of the type of leadership We the People, are going to get.  like they say; "History will keep repeating itself", and WE DESERVE IT!  EVERYONE gets a PASS!, NO PROSECUTIONS!
It was Comey's pronouncement  10 days  from the election that all but assured Trump would win
Gee Lindsey ya think?
Martha Stewart must have taken his wife's parking space once or something because he sure had no problem shaking her down fiercely. 

@POTUS #Qanon
Curious is he one of the Republican supporting the bill to limit President Trump's Constitutional rights?
so current and future investigations should be performed much better
Graham's not to be trusted.  States facts, pretends to be conservative, while actually offering NOTHING.  Complete RINO!
Shocked!
Lindsey u r selling ur soul. Look at McCain and remember what life is really about.
Clinton lost because of comey and you know it
When clowns conduct an investigation, can we ever expect more than a joke result? There needs to be a radical house clearing in that top to bottom corrupted agency.  Get all the rats out in one sweep! There might be nothing be left!
It must pain Lindsey Graham to accuse Comey, Strzok, Brennan, Clapper when he himself hated Trump as much as all of them.
WOW....... amazing!! Lindsey finally speaks out!!
We want the Clinton foundation money!! THEY got it by selling our American interest. Who cares about them? Get the money by draining the swamp!!

That's pretty damning when you get an anti-Trump RINO like Lindsey saying that. Amazing.
I don't trust Lindsey Graham!
Thatta boy Lindsey. Way to play the game.
Comey, Clapper, Brennan, Strozk, Paige and Rosenstein were all part of a conspiracy to undermine and overthrow this Presidency, and Mueller was their insurance policy. They should all be charged with Treason and thrown in Gitmo.
THEY NEED TO RE OPEN THE HILLARY EMAIL SCANDLE SND BILL IT TO THE ONES WHO LET HER OFF THE FIRST TIME !!!!
Well then do something about it. Don’t just talk and take it do something. You are one our representatives we chose to lead us @LindseyGrahamSC
I am@sure some of you rhinos helped too #DrainTheSwamp
If Lindsey think's this is a joke then why is he protecting Muller over our president?That is obviously trying to get rid of our president an not even looking into Clinton's crimes. this is why nobody can trust anything (were watching)
Mr Look Mary Graham then, do something about it!!
Duh, Lindsey’s behind the times.
There is a picture of Lindsey Graham in the dictionary when you look up swamp rat.
No shi..idiot!
You think???
It just seems that there are two tiers of Justice...One for the Clintons and their circle of elites and then one for the rest of Americans.
A joke indeed!!!!
You probably told them to do it!
You are no Better!
You need to go!
You are not someone that can be trusted!
Call ,Flake, McCain, Ryan, Bush,Romney and tell them we are on to them! Change your cards to democrats ! You guys are the swamp!
Thank you Sen. Graham for acknowledging what some people believe is the truth about Comey and FBI. Please work to make FBI reputable.
No Lindsey you are part of the problem and we don't trust you.  You are a wolf in sheep's wool and have proven it time and again.  Comey is a criminal and should be tried for treason.
He CAUSED her to LOSE the election!
How many passes has the GOP given D Trump thus far? Was the FBI investigation on Hillary as much of a joke as the one conducted by the House intelligence Committee on Trump’s campaign /Russia collusion?
Exactly
Your the one that cant ge trusted  you snake
Is that why he made Clinton lose when he came out with the “more emails” annoucement just before the election?
Oh you mean like the house intelligence committee?
He’s everything he said he wasn’t:a liar, leaker, and a weasel!
SO WHAT R U & OYTHER GOP SENS GOING 2DO ABT IT? ONLY CONVICTIONS WILL DO AS FAR AS AMERPPL R CONCERNED! ENOUGH TALK! WE WANT PROSECUTIONS/CONVICTIONS!
Wasnt @LindseyGrahamSC one of the senators that voted to protect Robert Mueller?
jf they faked or half-assed ‘the investigation,’ it wasn’t an investigation. betcha there’s an academt training manual that defines ‘investigation’ AND its correct conduct/execution. so who’s now also guilty of performing a fake investigation’
I don’t trust you LG, did you sign a proposed bill to take away POTUS constitutional duties!? Like protecting Mueller!? Nope don’t trust you at all, you should be voted out of Congress !
What has Trumpster got on him anyway?
Putin not waiting no longer Russian lawyer letting cat out bag FBI investigation is closing gaps what in darkness will come to light
Lindsey Graham?!?  Isn't he dead?
Translation - Comey failed us. Donald Trump is still President.
Key words, "I think".  Which means he has no facts to support his comments.  And that is all R's have are comments or quotes.   Never facts...
Seriously, what do the Russians have on you. Are there two pee tapes?
I trust Comey more than I do Lindsey or Trump. Most rational people do.

And what did you do about it, Lindsey?  Now you support protecting Mueller from firing when his appointment was based on lying/leaking Comey’s BS memo?  At least be consistent!
More than a joke, criminal behavior by the top law enforcement official in the land. More than HRC, as a loyal citizen, I want him punished
Good bye Lindsey Graham when are you up for re-election?
You. Are. Terrified.
Comy did give crooked Hillary a pass secrets misconstrued into voices in his head not alright there!!!to put a profile on comey while his voices chant to us they play truth or dare ?convince them .
comey and others have done much more. They all participated in a scheme to frame the President elect, that in my view is exactly what third world banana republics do. Jail time for this man.
then why did you collude with mccain and rino's to do same thing to trump.?
Comey OBAMA & @FBI  drove terrorist to a cartoon contest to shoot up kids while putting @icp on a gang member watch list for OBAMA'S fake ass birth record
http://dailymotion.com/video/x6hoab8 
FBI = Boston Bomber
Video of all the FBI attacks on kids and ppl ^ FBI = terrorist!
This is unreal!  They have the email from the lead FBI investigators to the agents talking about the insurance policy. What more does anyone need to hang these folks?
Oh Lindsey you ain't got the sense God gave a goose.
Wow horse of many colors. He wants. Wanted trump gone. Pushed the Russians deal. Now he is this kiss ass
Why doesn’t Fox ask about his boy friend Mitch?
I agree with you on this one  Senator  Graham !
What about a hook ?
Were there any emails to/from Comey in Clinton's illegal email server?
Lindsey Graham is Puppet for #GlobalistElites, who want #NewWorldOrder. He attended Bilderberg Group Secret Meetings. http://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2016/06/09/bilderberg-2016-guest-list-includes-names-make-everyone-feel-uneasy/ … @POTUS
OK NOW WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR GET MR RYAN MOVING ON THE SPECIAL COUNCIL TALK IS CHEAP AND WE ARE SICK TO DEALTH OF HEARING IT
.@FoxNews Quit giving .@SenJohnMcCain house boy the time of day will ya? .@LindseyGrahamSC yelling “Hooray! I’m for the other team!” at the last minute isn’t going to save him. https://youtu.be/YQ0696UhWrc  #MAGA #TheGreatAwakening
Everyone needs to read this
An incredibly well researched piece about the timeline of the (lack of) investigation into the Clinton/Abedin emails found on Anthony Weiner's laptop. The goal was never to investigate, but to leverage damning information to avoid going to jail themselves …
Funny considering Grham also blamed him for killing her chances to be president. Short-term memory loss for the win.
As opposed to the utmost integrity of @DevinNunes "investigation?" LOL.
one of the "rare" moments Lindsey makes sence
You don't trust him? Comey committed treason, it's not a matter of "trusting" him. @Comey is a rat that should be hung in the public square for his part in the attempted coup d'etat. Maybe @LindseyGrahamSC should retire if he wants to keep fucking around with the #DeepState.
Strzok & Page are still with the FBI because they are cooperating with the leaking/perjury Comey investigation. McCabe, Comey, Hillary & her organized crime family days coming to an end. 33,000 subpoenaed emails, then erased, deleted. That’s obstruction. I’m formerDOJ  IG AGENT.
Amazing! Give CLINTON a pass rather than take Trump out of race?
Mr Graham - the reason that Congress has a 9% Approval rating is because YOU ALL DO NOTHING BUT TALK - Cheap Words and Corrupt deals from both the Donkeys and Elephants.  DO YOUR JOBS OR RESIGN!!!
Ask Gowdy about his.

Was that one a joke or are you bozos the joke after all.
Comey's releasing the news of an investigation by the FBI shortly before the election was hardly 'giving Clinton a pass.'  GOP loved Comey then.
That is so ridiculous!
Ya think, Lindsey? Pure rocket science material that you are...no wonder you encountered difficulty garnering 1% of the vote in the GOP primaries.
Then Graham should be calling for investigation into Comey!
Comey belongs in jail with the Clintons, Lynch, etc, etc and the people of this country are beyond disgusted with how NOBODY is doing anything about all the CORRUPTION in Washington DC.
I don't either
@LindseyGrahamSC, Senator, given the effectiveness, reliability & state of the @GOP, you'd think you could recognize a joke...but you are wrong about @comey. #ShameOnYou
But then again, WHO really trusts Graham? He's flipped-flopped on POTUS countless times.  I for one wouldn't follow Graham to a free lunch!
Typical Lindsay Graham, can't really trust what he has to say. Lindsey Graham just grandstands for whatever benefits him at the time.
So stop complaining about it and indict her! #LockHerUp

It was no joke...it was a concerted coup plot No one (But diGenova) talking about HIGH CRIMES & treason by Obama-Clintons-Clapper-Brennan et al...Obama orchestrated whole attempt to FRAME a President-elect using the full force of intel agencies & DOJ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82_kdySxB3U … …
@LindseyGrahamSC decries corruption, then tries to pass a senate bill to protect that same corruption. This is scumbaggery at its finest.
Comey knows he looked the other way on Clintons wrong-doing and is trying to reverse that impression by pretending to be the model Boy Scout.  He’s scrambling to avoid prosecution and hopes his book will provided enough money for attorney fees.
so lets see some charges laid
And He just NOW decided to share this insight?? Mr. Graham grandstands for whatever benefits him at the time.
The James Comey,
they were right to fire me tour,
is going over the heads
of Mainstream Media.
I agree LGraham
Senator, you and your colleagues have got to do something. This whole spy thriller disinformation campaign has torn our country apart. Enough chatter; more action. Impeach Rosenstein if he's not complying. Brennan is threatening our POTUS. 

@DevinNunes @GOPLeader @TGowdySC
Fox propaganda for the masses
Hickabilly closet case
Graham has a right to his opinion on Hillary but he loses all credibility if he doesn’t point out the stuff @realDonaldTrump has done also
This was a shameful conduct from a former FBI Director, who should have projected flawlessness.  Instead, people are now questioning our Official's ability to apply the law as it should be, in a fair and honest way. HRC is that example of his failure recommending what was right.
Lindsey Graham, I don't trust him. I know he was part of an effort in Congress to give Trump a pass. The way he and Grassley lied about the Fusion GPS testimony was disgusting. Luckily the truth came out and we know that he is a liar.
Then do something about it @GrahamBlog, blah blah blah, doesn’t get ‘er done #TermLimits #DrainTheSwamp #RINOs
Mr Graham that like the Republican Party giving Trump a Big Pass on His Russian Ties and his Obstruction of Justice which pretty much Seems to be the Republican Parties Agenda And I Do remember you Stating that No One Is Above the Law or did you mean Except Trump
That’s really going out on ledge tell me again while you allowed him to admit to @SenateGOP in hearing he set up Trump by secretly taking down memos and leak to his own “secret FBI troll” FOR THE INTENDED PURPOSE OF GETTING MULLAR AS SPEC PROSECUTOR? @FBI set Trump up from Day 1
Just when you think Graham had a modicum of intelligence and credibility.....this! 

The GOP has got to go!
Hillary will be indicted. Justice.
I don't trust Comey or Graham.
Some of us WISH he’d given her a pass.
I rarely agree with Graham except I do this time!! Only it went well beyond giving Hillary a pass but moved into coup d’etat once Trump was elected. Both very troubling.
Corruption at @FBI
Ok, now go get the Joker!!
And I dont trust Light in his loafers, Lindsay. His traitorous acts with McCain deserve a prison sentence.
So true!!!
Like they owed her a favor or something.
So u don't trust the guy who leaked info to get a special counsel against Trump, yet have the audacity to support a bill encouraging the continuation of that witch hunt??????
Those criminals can still be prosecuted! #WHCD #treason
IT GOES MUCH DEEPER 
TREASON: THE CRIME OF BETRAYING ONE'S COUNTRY ESPECIALLY BY ASSASSINATION OF THE SOVEREIGN OR THE ATTEMPTED OVERTHROW OF THE GOVERNMENT 
EYES WIDE OPEN 
#GITMO 
#POTUS 
#THEGREATAWAKENING 
#PEDOGATE #NYPD 
#BACKTHEBLUE 
#JUSTICEFORSETH 

#RELEASETHETEXTS
Graham is two faced. Says this then does/votes different. Rino
and yet you trust a guy that cheated on his wife when they had a newborn? a guy who lies everytime he opens his mouth? guess what lindsey? no one trust you anymore either
Trust Comey a lot more than your 2100 DOCUMENTED lies “president”
