Hasn’t it played out long enough?
Time takes time.
Until when, after the midterms if course! Not!
When has he once said he was going to fire Muller. What has he done to indicate it. Move on.  No story.
Hey Mo why don't we search every dark and lighted corner of you life for your mistakes!
Make your case or stop the witch hunt Did Clinton have to interviewed  by hating republicans under oath or was it a bs no recorded coffee and doughnuts morning chit chat with immunity get out if jail cards for her co conspirators ??
Eleven hours of persecutors interrogation undergone with grace and poise. Like to see Trump and cohorts undergo equal grilling. The little snowflakes would just melt!

Who knew?
It’s a witch hunt and tax payers are footing the bill. Time to end it.
Mo really? Will you say the same when Obama and Hillary are being investigated?
Obama and Hillary are current corruption involving our current FBI and DOJ. Are you wanting to investigate over 10 years ago? We can start with Benghazi where 4 Americans died under Hillary’s watch.
Eight investigations costing taxpayers millions yielded nothing lasting over two years and Republicans want to investigate again in time for elections. Pot- kettle analogy comes to mind. Where's the fair play?
Have you been watching current events? The people in charge of Clinton investigation were corrupt in the FBI and DOJ. Comey fired, McCabe fired, Strozke and Page demoted, Ohr demoted. Are you serious?
Play out?  It's been over a year.
Watergate was over 2 years.
True, but imagine having to deal with a investigation on you 24/7 for something you know you didn't do. He could just let it play out but it's probably an extreme annoyance
He’s a subject of the investigation, not a target. A number of indictments and guilty pleas have already come out of this. His “annoyance” isn’t a reason to end an investigation.
But it's allready been proven multiple times that there is no collusion. Why are they still trying?
It has not been proven multiple times.
That's what I just said
No, you said it’s proven multiple times that there was no collusion. That has not been proven. And they’re not solely investigating “collusion.” They’re investigating any links and/or between the Russian government and the Trump campaign and any matters arising from the investig.
That's the litteral deffinition of collusion...
They haven’t proven that there is no “collusion.” Collusion is also not an actual crime. No one will be charged with “collusion.”
Why? So the democrats can continue the witch hunt to deceive & try to hang up  minds w/ their shenanigans?
Whole lot of witches being charged
If I had to guess... Spanky has a lot to be worried about!
This is costing taxpayers a fortune and if Mueller has nothing on Trump it's time to close this witch hunt down.
We are tried of the shit, you should be tried of the shit
We are not stupid!  This baseless investigation is holding back progress on Trumps agenda,  which is it’s purpose and design
Yep.  Innocent people have nothing to hide.  Only guilty people worry about the truth coming out.
Have you considered POTUS' concern over tax payer funding for an open ended investigation?
Last time I checked he was letting it play out.
Yeh, keep wasting money & time
go play putt'putt golf bully
No. Not when it was a fake  investigation to start with! #InvestigateMueller #NotTiredOfWinning #MAGA #DTS #BuildTheWall
That's like saying to a regular American, "if you have nothing to hide, you should be ok with random police raids and searches into your home."
Would you not?
Of course I wouldn't be ok with that. And i have nothing to hide. It's about respect and having rights and freedom.
Well, considering there is reason to investigate let's let these fine Republican investigators do their jobs.
You say "fine Republican investigators" like that means they're pro Trump when we know they aren't. Also should be noted that Mueller's team is stacked with ppl who donated to Hillary. And there's still no Russian collusion found. Witch hunt.
Trump donated to the Clinton's.
So? People's views change politically over time.
What if Mueller decides to milk this for 2,3,4 more years...at what point do we say enough is enough?
When the investigations are complete.
It is not the investigation that is the problem, it is the mainstream media’s misleading coverage of the investigation and it is hampering The USA’s diplomatic relationship with a world power.
Yeah, Fox should lay off.

Do you have an Infograph on lies told? Donnie Douchebag must have set a record.
Yes but there needs to be an ending. Can’t keep investigating without cause
Remember how Long Ken Starr was at it. 2 you don’t know what Mueller has, so you can’t say baseless.  And further more, in what world dead make sense that of a potential crime takes more than month or 4 or whatever then you should get off the hook?
Been going on for a year and a half now. Mueller has a never ending tax payer funded paycheck at 1000's an hour. Why do honestly think it's still going on. Follow the money.
Yep. Follow the money. There’s s lot and it’s very complicated. These things take time.  Whitewater took nearly 2 yrs watergate took over two.  If Trump is innocent a thorough investigation is exactly what you want.
If he is guilty then cuff him. But I also think we need to be fair. Hillary, Obama, Comey, and a laundry list of others on both sides have mounting evidence against them. Lock them all up under a prison somewhere. I think it should be fair all around no matter the party.
This discourse, about locking up political adversaries is dangerous, banana republic shit. Not worthy of a great democracy.   And the conspiracy theory shit just that. Theory. If CNN is making up these things, then why can’t Fox reporters dig up tangible dirt that sticks.
So we shouldn't lock up those that commit federal crimes? You would get no mercy for the same crimes.
So, if your enemy accuses you of murder, should you just be quiet and let the process play itself out since your innocent?
Dear mo but I want my tax dollars for vets n homeless don’t u?
to effect the election results for the Democrats!
Tell when, Mueller and his team can retire! This investigation is approaching $100 million cost to the taxpayers, it’s time to end it!  Oh I’m sure they (Muellers team) would like to string it out to just before or after the Nov. elections.  Possibly coming up with some tidbit to
On Mueller investigation; if @POTUS  has nothing to worry about let him "release his tax returns!" 
That will make Bob Mueller's investigation much faster and easier!
What a tired, overused statement.
At taxpayers expense why don’t you pay for it. While we’re paying for it why would it ever stop
The left is desperate. They lost control of the plantation and the subjects are free. They're all beside themselves because they thought they had corralled a potential leader. Now they grasp at straws.
It has played out. It was started from a fabricated lie. They should be the ones investigated!!!!
Let’s see how many people have been reassigned or terminated under  @fbi director @JamesComeyFBI?   Big list!  But we’re not done add Mike Kortan, FBI assistant director for public affairs and David Laugma, justice Department’s Counterintelligence and Export Control Section.
The swamp wants more power. 

NO !
Right and you should let a proven witch hunt continue endlessly because even though they don’t care that you are innocent, you should let it play out because you are objectively innocent.  This remains the dumbest argument ever offered and it’s wide spread adoption either ...
...demonstrates extraordinary stupidity on the part of those who advance it or a belief that those it is offered to are dumber than dirt.  This may well apply to the far left but the rest of us understand the dishonesty this represents.
The key is "if Trump has nothing to worry about" so far Trump is acting like he has a great deal to worry about.
Why??
If Mueller was actually doing something other than stealing taxpayers money he would have already shared it. He's enjoying the blank check the Dems gave him and will string it along as long as he can get away with it.
The point is what was the reason for Mueller or if you don't like someone tell the DOJ to appoint Mueller at unlimited taxpayer expense to justify your dislike.
Excuse me but it's already played out. Now Mueller is trying to isolate the President. A year of chasing ghosts is enough!
it did play out. they havent found a thing. they raided his lawyers office here in the USA though. #MAGA
Play out for how many more years and at what cost to the taxpayers? Time to end the BS. Report the findings of facts and move on.
.... as America has paid for it the last 18 months

...... as 18 months has found there was no reason for this to start with in the first place it was all a lie?
So based on that logic-
Why do liberals worry about what they called “unfair targeting and arrests” of people? Just let the court cases play themselves out!!
You sound foolish Mo... you know better than this..
The entire investigation was organized not on facts/proof but illegal use of power.  Taxpayers are paying 17 attorneys 4 what?
He wants to stop WASTING TAXPAYER MONEY ON FRAUD!! SO DO THE PEOPLE!! WE KNEW IT WAS B'S FROM THE BEGINNING. AND WE DON'T CARE ABT SOME WHORE HE MAYBE SLEPT WITH LONG TIME BEFORE HE RAN FOR PRESIDENT!!
If this guy had a brain he would come to the conclusion that under the circumstances how the FISA warrant and bias made this investigation come to fruition he would realize that Mueller needed to be fired yesterday
Why do people keep up this fake news?  We already know that Trump wont fire Mueller even though Mueller & Rosenstein are dragging it out because they know what is coming after they end it.
Sure. Did u advise that of our Patriot Michael Flynn. Dems are deceitful & know no bounds. #specialcouncilwitc specialcouncilwitchhunt
This was wrong. #twitterbots #specialcouncilwitchhunt
Mueller will play it out as long as he can primarily to get his greedy hands on as much $$$ as he can AND FOR NO OTHER REASON!
He is playing it out.
No. Stick it in their eye. Fire Rosenstein. Show them who's in charge.
Another BHO puppet
If potus wants to fire mueller he can, he has that authority. Too bad it’s the democrats pushing this ignorant agenda just looking for anything to attack him, since all of their other excuses have fell apart faster than a cat on crack cocaine.

Why waste our time and money on a fraud? This whole coup was set in motion when the candidate who couldn’t lose LOST...get over it and quit wasting our time and MONEY!!! That is why we DO NOT want to let it play out...
Mueller Investigation play out?15mos,1yr prior FBI and 2 Comm. and NO evidence of Russian Collusion!Taxpayers Dollars paying all Dem Lawyers
I wonder how you feel about the whitewater investigation 
Not really, they are costing the tax payers millions for what to distract sure expensive to find nothing
Dems cherry-behind Mueller hasn't found guano in 15 months to pin on Trump, but it does appear he's trying to one up on Ken Starr (by seeing how many unearned millions of U.S. Taxpayer dollars he can dish out to the Dem cronies on his legal team)! FIRE MUELLER - GET IT OVER WITH!
Isnt that what he's been doing? But it never ends!!!!
19 indictments, 5 for campaign staff. This suggests a disregard for rule of law in a presidential campaign & should be fully investigated lest it be repeated.
POTUS worries about the scandalous way Mueller and HRC people were rushed into a scam of which they knew about. The Soros takeover of America might be a worry to anyone.
Were still waiting on collusion evidence anything else i dont care about.if the 1st question answered is not about collusion.i dont care.
You’re in DENIAL, @MoElleithee that the Mueller special counsel is a witch hunt and @realDonaldTrump is doing an awesome job @POTUS ....
For years?? That's idiotic.
Truth
AMERICA, LOVE IT OR LEAVE IT
The Mueller investigation into collusion by Trump is over. Mueller will keep digging though until he finds something unrelated to stick in someone.
End the waste of money and time. Put the effort into something positive. Is that possible for the left?
Oh, certainly. For another 10-20 years. Nice 'fix' mr. mueller got himself there, turning zero evidence, getting paid by taxpayers for what exactly?
For years? No.
I would worry if my political enemies controlled an investigation directed at me.
This is dumb ass logic. MILLIONS OF TAXPAYERS DOLLARS is being wasted on this witch hunt. The Dems are in a scorched earth mode. They don’t give a damn if working class taxes are being burned because they know they get their salaries and they know it’s our money going up in smoke
It's the rising number of innocent victims being swept up by the witch hunt, collateral damage is what he's worried about
Pleading guilty is not the actions of innocent men.  You might have some words mixed up here.
Spot on.
I keep hearing this argument but what about the fact that there was no reason for a special counsel in the first place? Why should tax payers pay for something that is not necessary?
And who is for paying this bogus investigation? And it’s not minimum wage !!
NO COLLUSION NO FOUNDATION for investigation. America know it a hit job just like all the other one by the Dems
Our POTUS is being politically correct. As such, he will not fire the corrupt Mueller cabal. Also, Our POTUS is being politically correct, when he does not order Sessions to investigate the Clinton/Obuma resistance cabal. Such cabal apparently includes the Muller boondoggle.
Well they should investigate you, I’m sure  if they look closely enough they can find something illegal or they can make it up. What do you think about that?
Just like you can’t wait for IG report and Huber’s grand jury to play out
Ok Mo,  what the division it is causing?  What about the true injustice of two sets of law?  And who is paryng these bogus
Yes yes I’m sure if any American were subjected to a #WitchHunt motivated by #DeepState operatives they’d like to see “play out” because they know they are innocent.
Particularly if the entire thing started with pol propaganda paid for by opposing party candidate. #FireMueller
I can't stand Trumpkin but this has been going on 2 years with absolutely no conclusion in sight and has wasted millions in tax payer dollars
@realDonaldTrump 'should' want to play the investigation out 'if' he has nothing to hide, right? @PattiKimble @burberryant @ShellyRKirchoff @gamerdave69 @LadyBleach
The investigation being a scam, how is this good for the country?
Normally true!  Unless it's based on a Bogus witch hunt  based on a Phony dossier paid for by Hillary Clinton and the DNC being pushed by political operatives in the DOJ, FBI, State Department and the Obama White House!! To get Trump by any means necessary!
Yet dossier isn't phony, and there have been charges brought by a grand jury so there is a case to answer.
Not phony?? Yeah right!  Keep drinking the Kool aid!!!
So I'm guessing you can back that up with something other than your sure ignorance??
Except it's obvious if they have nothing their only play is to drag it out to try and influence the midterms. It is played out already.
Except all those pesky grand jury charges.... Lies from team Trump etc.
There's nothing on Trump. Anywhere.

Aqui e o Junior eu quero a música do PORTIFOLIUS agente se ver por aí
Um he did...............and now its overstepped its scope.......time to call the game
How has it overstepped it’s scope?
No collusion..end of story, everything else is a search and destroy mission........its unprecedented and even the AG  said it needs to be wrapped up..unless you think you know better thanthe AG which  obviously you do....and I really don't care to hear about your opinion
President Trump is letting it play out....it's just taking far too long for no good reason, other than to extend the investigation into the Congressional midterms for political reasons!
How is it taking too long? Most investigations of this scale take 2-4 years.
That's crap. It obviously negatively affects his ability to govern, and that is by design.
Clinton was able to successfully govern while he was under investigation.  Isn't Trump capable of compartmentalizing? Most folks can walk and chew gum at the same time. Perhaps if he shut up and let Mueller do his job it would be easier.
[[ Donald Trump and Russia Are
Blackmailing Rand Paul
https://mobile.twitter.com/palmerreport/status/988641684593479681 … ]]

#TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia
Lol..are you serious? The collusion was with HRC,BHO,LL,Podesta's,Awan's, DSW and on and on. Sorry you are hacking up the wrong side here. Tick Tock !! #WWG1WGA
Has played out long ago...
McCain:
"Sen. Rand Paul from KY
is now working for Putin"


[[[ Russia Reporting:
Meeting between Ambassador Antonov (sanctioned & should’ve never been allowed to serve in the US) & Rand Paul.
THREAD—
https://mobile.twitter.com/ohenryhernandez/status/976665154984198144 … ]]]

#TrumpColluded
#TrumpRussia
Obama/Clinton staff who've pleaded the 5th: 
LOIS LERNER
LORETTA LYNCH 
CHERYL MILLS 
BRIAN PAGLIANO
PAUL COMBETTA 
JOHN BENTEL 
HEATHER SAMUELSON
JEFFREY NEELY 
PATRICK CUNNINGHAM 
GREG ROSEMAN 
JOHN SEPULVEDA
DIANA RUBENS
KIMBERLY GRAVES 
JOHN BEALE
Mueller is looking at the wrong political party!
