Fake Fox .
And your delusional. Comey lied unde oath. Stay tune for more. Jail time coming.

Couldn't have said it better myself! Thanks Judge! You Rock!
@JudgeJeanine, it's so bizarre that you advertise a Westchester county position - that's as high as you ever rose as a judge. Then you make a living doing opinionated diatribes - the antithesis of an impartial judge. Sad!
#FakeJudge
More propaganda from State TV. FAUX news
If Fox news was propaganda nobody on this earth would watch them. People are not stupid and have the ability to fact check most things. There is a good reason why Fox news is number 1 alllllll the way across the board
My news lady!!
Comey,Hillary and Nancy can you imagine the damage done by those three?scary!
As were you and your husband!
Love how no nonsense the Judge is
Jim should apologize to the FBI, He has taken an organization right into the gutter with him. Shame on him
Low rent
You tell him judge!
File a federal lawsuit declaring it's a CONFLICT OF INTEREST & Unconstitutional for anyone with a law degree, admitted to a Bar or is/has been a lawyer to make ANY laws, LOCAL, STATE or FEDERAL. 
*
(They can be President, Governor, DA or any other local/state or fed elected job)
"He's A Liar A Leaker & Leftist Liberal" Judge Pirro
I am pretty sure he would not call you his friend.
Didn't you once call him one of the most honorable FBI directors in history (or something like that), when he was looking into Clinton? Funny how your tune did a 180 when you realized he didn't have a stake as to who got elected. Turns out Comey is as honorable as you once said.
And has nothing to lose, unlike all you drooling suck-ups. He can be honest with NO FURTHER repercussions. He put it in writing and never backtracks or changes the story. Unlike you suck-ups and your Divine Lyin’ Leader.
Comey is a criminal,deal with it gullible sucker
Facts aren't conspiracy, the truth will prevail.
JUDGE  @JudgeJeanine 
YOU CAN SAY WHATEVER YOU WANT ABOUT ANYBODY .... 
BUT PLEASE..... 
START DRESSING LIKE A WOMEN YOUR AGE !!!! 
YOU’RE NOT 16-21-35-45-55... 
STOP  EMBARRASSING YOURSELF!!!! 
MAYBE YOU SHOULD TRY TO DRESS LIKE @KamalaHarris BUT NOT @StormyDaniels 
Kamala is one of the biggest bullshit artists ever to walk the halls of Washington DC
Wow that really sums it up perfect
Are you talking to trump?
How do you even have a show?   My god.
Have him on the show. Take a little less Thorazine that day, because he'd run circles around you.
Still banging Cody Cazalas ? Trump might get Mad .

Can we evict you?
Is she a real judge ?
"Power corrupts; Absolute power corrupts absolutely." Always makes me think of Trump!
She a hack and a failure who talks like she knows something but is just the mouth of the faux news entertainment dog.
You're a sucker

It's fun being a child huh
Scared of the truth @JudgeJeanine?
Take a good look at the mirror and into your soul.  The truth will come out and will you still defend a man that continuously lies, divides and tears the USA apart?
Who tells you these things?  I say this wholeheartedly,you have and I mean have to tell whoever they are that you will no longer tolerate anyone filling your head with absolute trash
It doesn't matter if you're a liberal or a conservative, democracy is being attacked, everyone should work together to stop this divisive attempt to destroy what is good in human nature.  Please wake up.
Just more propaganda and lies from Fox News, Jim Comey is a honorable, credibile person, much more so than Trump and Fox News could be.
Even when you see and hear him openly lying? I mean the guy leaked the memo, he can call it whatever he wants, but at the end of the day, it's a leak, that he was sworn not to do.
Guess we can agree to disagree.  Trump and his administration have so called "leaked" & "lied"    about so many worse things. When the Comey memos were released to Congress who do you think leaked all of them to the media??
"They are trying to 
#SABOTAGE us!
I have no choice,
I will completely 
DRAIN THE SWAMP.
I trust you are with me.
Fight back. Join"
  #PDJT

FOLLOW @realErinCruz 
for more info
#ErinCruzUSSenateCA 
http://VoteErinCruz.com 
Facebook silenced her personal & campaign accounts, she needs help.  Please help get the word out about @RealErinCruz in Southern California!
Close down your FB accounts. They don’t deserve us.

Fox news and Trump Administration are creating the Hate factor against our law enforcement agencies.
Do you believe that everyone in law enforcement is honorable?
No, but the accusation that Dems are Demonizing law enforcement is a false statement. When Trump rallies the minions with words that that disparage the FBI, JUSTICE DEPARTMENT etc. You can't have it both ways.
Our last president was the champ in demonizing law enforcement. Just as there are bad cops out there, there are the same in the fbi and cia, right?
I'll have to disagree on the first part of your statement but I agree on the second. Trump critizes the FBI and Justice department  as a whole without specifying as you did  "some" are bad. Trumps rhetoric is devisive, he is a demagogue.
The cops acted stupidly is what president Obama said, he also stirred up and supported blm. Trump hasn't blanketed the whole fbi as corrupt just as he didn't blanket all Mexicans as rapist and drug dealers.
Some did act stupidly and still are.  Like you said not all. Trump has repeatedly tried to undermine the FBI and Justice department with his tweets and at his rallies. Red meat for the minions. BTW  Black lives do matter.
Well of course all lives matter
Got two words for you Jeannie do the letters f u mean anything you dumb dingbat
YES IT IS TIME TO STOP THIS SHIT! ENOUGH IS ENOUGH! TIME TO LOCK UP THOSE THAT COMMITTED ANY OF THESE FALSE FLAGS WHERE PEOPLE ARE DYING & BEING KILLED FOR NO REASON OTHER THAN THESE SATANIST PEDO SOCIOPATHS THAT NEED DEATH PENALTY%
#LockThemAllUp
Trump/Fox have never called out Russia for cyberattack of 2016 election!  Russia’s plan to disrupt our county worked incredibly well- resulted in firing of FBI chief, indictments of NSA, Trump Campaign chair & advisor. Fox keeps giving Russia material to work with! Disgraceful!

#FakeFoxNews




THIS MAN IS A CROOK & A LIAR & SHOULDN'T BE RUNNING FOR SENATE THÀT'S FOR SURE! RONNY JACKSON IS A GOOD ADMIRAL IN THE MILITARY & YOU HAVE BEEN BASHING HIM, YOU DISGUST ME & I HOPE NO ONE VOTES FOR SCUM SUCH AS YOURSELF! SHAME ON YOU%
Comey 
Should go to jail
Mathew 10:36
now i know
Evicted? Like @SeanHannity does at his HUD properties as he grows richer off the backs of the poor? THAT kind of evicted? #FoxNewsIsFakeNews #FireHannity
The rantings of Judge Ratched.
Loud mouthed has been

READ UP ON THIS GUY!
Judge.I love http://you.You  know there all lying the sec. there mouth starts to move. That's my open.

So will be Spanky - your one-sided show is just disgusting and you should be ashamed of yourself - but you also will make a fortune out of „supporting“ Spanky and his GrifterFamily - like Sean and all the other crooks who are obly interested in their own well-being
UH OH WHERE IS THIS BASTARD AT?? GITMO! MIGHT WANT TO READ INTO THIS GUY YOU'LL FIND HIS CONNECTION IF YOU HAVEN'T ALREADY!
she’s foul
UH OH LOOK WHOSE IN TROUBLE NOW THEY ARE MISSING A FEW PEOPLE LIKE BUSH SR. HITLERY ROTTEN CLINTON, JANET RENO BUT SHE DIED! BUT A LOT OF PEOPLE GOING DOWN FOR THIS! WATCH & SEE%
Right on!!!
By who? You???  Get over yourself - you’re just not that important, powerful, or relevant...
HMMM...SO HOW COULD IT HAVE BEEN A PLANE??? IT WASN'T!
Wow they just so happened to die huh?? Wonder WHAT they found out that they didn't want them talking about????
Great job Jeanine telling it like it is. Comey is an incompetent, lying traitor who's earned himself prison time. He should be proud.
Where is the plane??? Does any1 know??? cause that looks more like a missile that went through there than a plane!!
Are you being sarcastic or just stupid, because that’s definitely not the Pentagon?
Right on the money Judge Jeanine.
SOON TO FIND OUT THE TRUTH
CORRESPONDENTS DINNER 
Sweetheart, u r aware that Comey admitted taking something he says was "UNCLASSIFIED" 2 his friend (leak 1) & that friend took it to the newspaper (leak 2). Plus he sent it to 3 other people.....(leaks). Which is worse? The sailor who took pictures 4 himself or the FBI director?
#2NDAMENDMENTISMYGODGIVENRIGHT EXACTLY

When the goal becomes to defeat the Republican party or the president instead of affirming our country or president ..."Houston we have a problem."
isnt your husband a felon?
I heard that Trump maybe getting an eviction notice himself.

And Jeanine is the authority on this subject.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha her fucking face, shes serious... Good one, fake judge 
You are so lame.
This drunk judge talks like the children of drumpf.
but Hillary ...
Waste of time - it really irks you to know Comey tells the truth and Trump lies !  Every sane person knows that and it's clear as day. As usual, you and Faux news are in the wrong side of history. The house of cards will collapse soon!
Everything she said is backed up by facts. Comey broke the law and leaked information that was illegal for him to do. Comey is a liar and a disgrace. The coup d'etat is collapsing.
Where is the facts ? Comey is more creditable then lying con man president.
Um, yeah, real journalism. Thank you.
stellar, your honor. continue...!

Poll:


Michelle Wolf brought up a good point:…
Isnt Jeanine supposed to be in jail with her husband for mortgage fraud? No one trusts was a criminal like her says
Hmmmmm...something for president and Congress to keep in mind?
You better tell that to the President!!!
@JudgeJeanine needs to lead the special investigation about Leaking Comey!
She too bias
Trump wouldn’t be President without @Comey
Fox News continuing to condition trump supporters to believe the deep state conspiracy theories, for when trump is inevitably indicted by mueller
How many months did your husband do?
The Fox News propaganda machine desperately tries to prevent the inevitable.
Doesn’t even have the decency to talk to him...yeah, that’s real journalism. #sarcasm
James Comey is an abject coward, a pathetic disgrace of a man with no integrity, shame, or conscience… His decisions to leak classified memo's to his friend and to let HRC off the hook is 100% political, 100% corrupt, and 100% absurd
Those memos werent classified....they were actually 
"de-classified" b/c the FBI, under Trump-had to go through every inch of the book to make sure nothing classified was in there...all the memos are in there.
But Trump is definitely a coward...his impeachment is coming soon
Yeah we've been hearing that for 18 months now. Pathetic
I know, shouldve been done much quicker, but watching Melania be so dominant to Trump and Trump being so submissive has been entertainment
There's never been a first lady who just owns the president and embarrasses him on the world stage in front of other leaders like this couple
He still has his mansion
Speaking of evictions . . . .
Your not news. This is how you do that.
Keep it moving @JudgeJeanine is all house shirt.
So Blue lives I see don’t matter but once your Boyfriend or Life partner beats you who will you call? @KSD371
She is such a Hannity.
Oh, the scathing wit.
Bada Bing perfect! N so true @JudgeJeanine @seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @TomiLahren @realDonaldTrump @DiamondandSilk @mitchellvii

jail
It's no coincidence that Liberal and Lunatic both start with L and go well together.  Lot's of other L words fit the Liberal personality.
Comey should go to prison along with Obama, both Clintons, Holder, Loretta & the rest of their criminal ilk.
Well said it! And you can not shut her up because she is a woman .
This lady is a former judge?
This judge is ridiculous
How is she ridiculous? She just laid out the perfect prosecution case. Everything she said is easily verifiable. Heck she even shared the facts backing up her accusations in the form of video with Comey's own words.
The judge! My hero- she was on fire last night. 
And your supreme leader will soon be homeless!
This segment should be air every hour brought out allot of what people need to know and learn

Tragic c’nt
did this old felon loving criminal have a stroke. Here eyes look too close together.

Rented?????
Yes it is rented out by the American people and can be taken away by the American people.
Borrowed
It’s not a conspiracy . The fbi like much of law enforcement hates criminals like your master and dear leader and his mafioso gang

Lmao. Fake judge who’s husband went to jail is crying about everyone else. You also called for the jailing if a private citizen. #sKKkank. #yourtimesup
Jeanine is perhaps the top lunatic on Fox
Many fighting for that spot
Anti-Trump Conspiracy = Crazy Conspiracy Theory.
Sure Jeanine.
Everything she said is backed up by facts. So where is she wrong and where are your facts. Oh I know you have Gifs instead. LOL
Power IS God.
NOT an appealing persona. Missing much
Evicted by Trump is a badge of honor to wear.

LOL That is pure garbage BS!
Here's the tweet Fox News deleted VERY quickly 

http://tweetsremoved.blogspot.co.uk 
Trump is known as stupid truckload of septic snake innards
Damn, you are so boring. It's really pathetic. Just thought someone should tell you. I'm sure you'll keep embarrassing yourself though. Sad
Thank you for dutifully reading my tweets 
Go read a thesaurus
Go get a dictionary 
