Tick Tock Tick
Doo Doo Doo Doo
#ThisStormIsHUGE
#TheRadicalLeftHatesAmerica
We all know they are guilty from #McCabe up to #Obama. #LockThemAllUp
‘[Comey & McCabe] were BAD COPS. They were POLITICIZING the FBI. They were OBSTRUCTING certain investigations. THEY WERE BAD COPS.…
Well Trump said he’d give Hillary a pass after the election but she and the cartel kept it coming. I hope they all get charges. Sinful to do this to America. I don’t care what your politics are.
Tom, your too nice! Get some balls, and let it all hang out. All these lawsuits, and nothing happens. Need to be like a mad dog. No consequences ever on the DOJ or FBI? 
They are not stuck. They should do their job. No one is above the law.
Two for one, Good .
Courtesy of Just Janis.
I've noticed that accounts with (((brackets))) seem to be anti-@POTUS trolls. Is the DNC paying y'all, or is it The Russians, or both?
Self hug? 
So funny to scroll down my thread and every time I see Fox, it's like "hmm.. I wander if it's more bullshit Propoganda?"   

Yep.. it is... it always is..
You can count on them posting crap about Hillary at least three dozen times a day.
I suppose when you can't possibly defend Trump, you continue to spread hate porn about Hillary/Obama/Dems/libs. 
Hillary is their “red meat”.  Russia did a great job of selling the gullible fools all that Hillary propaganda, so Fox seized on it after the election to keep the mouth-breathers drooling.    That Uranium One thing was debunked five years ago, and Fox STILL throws it out there.
This kind of nonsense is why FOX is banned as news in most countries
Tom Fitton is a loon FOX has become a parody channel
Hey FOX I her Alex Jones is available 
When is this going to end? We want everyone accountable. I don't care if Killery goes down. SINK THAT SHIP ALREADY
And the problem is???  If there is a crime, .@TheJusticeDept needs to Go after the offender(s) and put them behind bars.  .@Comey .@HillaryClinton are supposed to abide by the same laws as every other citizen.
isn't it time to sink their Boat?
We are patiently waiting for justice to be done!!  We need these people to go to jail!!!  #NoDoubleStandard!!!
Are they scared of Hillary? We need justice now regardless of who is involved. The mighty will fall and it’s past time. We need the truth to be told.
Hillary is a very powerful person with the where with all to call the MSM and the entire left to her defense. You only get one shot at her. It needs to be air tight. That’s why it’s taking this long. When it happens you’ll know her ass is toast.
He will get death penalty for many reasons. Treason, murder
Apparently there’s a line of dumbbells outside their back door waiting to be interviewed.
Cue #DiamondandSilk .
So is Sessions & Rosenstein. They are all Corrupt Criminals & we want "JUSTICE"! Charges, Arrests & Indictments for each & every one of them. No Fucking Plea Deals they should be held to the Fullest Extent of The Law even more so than everyday Citizens their Crimes are much Worse
.Justice for ALL,is blind
#LockHimUp #SlimyLeakerLiarComey
#LockHerUp #CrookedHillary 
#MAGA2018 #QAnon #TheStorm
RT @TomFitton @realDonaldTrump 

@seanhannity @munsue @UTHornsRawk @ari_russian @C_A_N_S_T @PhdFor @mitchellvii @LoveCovfefe2020 @CarmineZozzora
The trump justice department are hesitating because they would need to go after Hillary... what none sense!
Alternative universe, holy crap
If they go after Comey, of course, they will have to go after Hillary. No one is above the Law But, there’s this little problem of Obama, who also used Hillary’s server He sealed his records. But, those emails are on her server. Oh dear #FBICorruption #Loretta
That is such right wing lunatic fringe nonsense, it is embarrassing to think any American can be duped by such whacko propaganda
Tom Fitton is the very definition of the lunatic fridge 
Judicial Watch's current leader, Tom Fitton, has inspired less eye-rolling from the Washington legal and political establishments than its eccentric founder, Larry Klayman
All they did was go after Hillary. Eleven hours of testimony with no 5th amendment stuff. All republicans at Justice, did you notice?

Fox News is so dependent on Hillary Clinton as a foil that they’ve decided just to keep covering her as if she’s president
And this is why they will never do anything about anything.
Yep.. never really have and never really will. Too many may creatures in the swamp. Plus people like George Soros will always be lurking around the swamp to jump in and lend a hand.
So go after Hillary- why wouldn't they??
I never knew they stopped, don’t they need her as proof that they actually do something besides sit around with their thumbs up their butts?
Justice is going to have its hands full prosecuting @realDonaldTrump and the rest of his genetically deficient family.
God forbid the law be enforced blindly.
And why is that stuck Hilary has gotten away with so much it’s ludicrous
Do it.  Damn it. They are criminals.  Big time.
Search #Adrenochrome
And I hope it sinks fast
It's time to go! Comey and Hillary can join each other.
Lol. Mueller's investigation has nothing to do with Clinton, except perhaps for Russia negatively influencing her campaign.
Russia! Russia! Russia! Over and over again! Seriously? Guess that's all you got.
Lol. Your fave "Fox News" tried to link Clinton to Comey. Clinton left office 5 years ago. You might have missed Mueller's  appointment followed Trump's firing Comey. BTW Watergate Invest. lasted > 900 days. Mueller's been at work for < 1 year. 5 guilty pleas, not too shabby.

FoxNews is stuck in a slace/time warp where they think Hillary Clinton is president.
*space
Fibben Fitton telling it like it isn’t again.
No one should be above the laws of this country!
DOJ WORKS FOR THE DISGUSTINGLY CRIMINAL CLINTONS,,,,
Your "legal boat" is fueled by your imagination. Trump's desperate rantings and vile degradation of people who threaten his fragile ego call for the DOJ to prosecute everyone who's "mean" to him. Pathetic, yes, but his hate also makes him dangerous.
And ultimately after Obama. We all are aware this is why DOJ/FBI are stalling, they’re hoping for a big Dem win in November so they can bury it all.
They must go after both or just say we have no justice system. They cannot go after folks like me if they let this slide. Americans are fed up with this mess. My husband was with Naval Security Group for 23 years...worked at NSA for five years and is appalled at what goes on now!
We can not have attorneys at the DOJ picking & choosing which people they will apply the law to, if DOJ attorney do that then they need to be fired & have their law license revoked,NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW,even attorneys at the DOJ 2/2
So much love pouring out of Michigan.  It was heart warming to hear so many shouting "I love you Trump" during Trumps pause for the person who fell ill.  Brought tears to my eyes.
The DOJ ATTORNEYS are employed to do one job "Apply equal justice under the law, no matter who it is" Comey & Hillary and others knew the consequences but broke the law anyway.If DOJ is unable to do their job Sessions needs to fire them, or they they to quit. 1/2
Justice should never be “stuck”when it comes to upholding the law.If this becomes a R.I.C.O or a wide sweeping investigation these people who broke the law need to be prosecuted.We are all equal under the law,no one is above the law.If the DOJ doesn’t act then justice isn’t blind
Sessions does NOT want to go after Hillary because it sets precedent for all of congress and they can't have that can they...living by the same rules as we peasants
why can't they go after Hillary also? This is ridiculous. Double standards. #ClintonPrivilege
Surprisingly, great interview with Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch.
#ComeyForPrison
Have balls and go for it.
Why should we be afraid to go after Hillary for what she’s done. I would bet that would shed light on a lot more rotten fish in the swamp! Probably go on forever, sad but true!
I thought the Justice Department is investigating Hillary?
They need to do no such thing.  Where do you come up with these clowns?
Laughable
Ok so let’s sink the boat with both of them in it.
LOL what a strange world you live in.
You must be getting legal advice from hannity's lawyer again.   LMAO
Many people are saying Trump is a not so sacrément next-generation knob
We have been waiting for so long for her to be prosecuted. Take them both out with one pair of handcuffs. Equal justice for all.
Nope. Not true and you know it. Oh, wait maybe you don’t know ‘cause you’re not a lawyer or legal expert and JW isn’t a legal organization, but rather a far Right propaganda media outlet that’s peddling conspiracies.
And don’t forget Obama.

Blah, blah, blah.
No they stuck because they have to go after the potus. Especially after pledging their loyalty to the potus. Kissed the ring and all......
@gop @whcd sour grapes is, as @PressSec would say, “laughable”. Vast majority knows she, @realDonaldTrump & @KellyannePolls lie to, insult and ridicule honest journalists trying to convince undereducated white Americans they are at risk of being marginalized by the sands of time.
We are not undereducated. No need to insult people
Just because they have different views than yours. You need to learn to agree to disagree.
Appreciate the point.
Yes! They do need to "go after" HRC and Come et al.  BHO too!
No excuse.
Get real the Justice Dept knows what it’s doing! Stop with your stupid comments!
Oh, puleeeease!
And if they go after Hillery and Comey then going after Trump looks even more appropriate.
Ok
And the problem is...What?
Hillary's not above the law. Go after all guilty parties...
If the law was broken the DOJ needs to prosecute regardless of who the perpetrators are. This is exactly why the people see a definite double standard in our justice system. People like Hilary & Comey walk unimpeded while you or I would be in jail. This crap had got to stop.
They aren't going to prison but we know who is.
So is Barack Obama
The DOJ should do their job and if they don't then the oversight committee should charge them with contempt of Congress and then move to impeach them from their positions.
So why can’t they go after Hillary if she broke the law she broke the law!
And they would have to go after Obama because he sent Hillary email to the server.
@TomFitton, that's ridiculous. Did you mean to say that? One case was sloppy handling, the other was intentful release of information. Please don't make silly arguments, you're smarter than that.
THEY ALL BELONG BEHIND BARS !!!!!!!!
Tom needs help
Torpedo that boat now!!

Then they need to go after all of the criminals
I say" WTH are they waiting for?!"
Then they have to go after Oboma and all of his people, That is why we can’t get justice!  Even if Oboma is half white he will be seen as a pore black man who is being picked on!
Nice of Finton to detach his lips from Putin 's bung to weigh in. Just wondering how much of Judicial Watch's $$$ is dirty Russian $$$ just like the NRA.
No they are not. Complete nonsense. Tom fitton steroid user and possible con artist.
Sessions is the AG & has every right to go after Comey.  Clearly
Mueller has no intention of following the truth.
They have to go after Hillary! That is the tip of the iceberg!! She deserves more jail time because she is the head of the HRV cabal. The rest are just bumbleing  lieutenants in her crime family. This includes the obama.
Any of these Elite People if and when they go down, will never go to a Prison like the normal American Citzens  would have to spend time at.  Thats the sad part, they will still be treated differently. Be nice to see before all the witnesses disappear though.
The corruption is so real, even on the GOP side that the Hillary Clinton gang will walk. Thanks people. My trust and faith in you is also gone.
They had better show the American public that justice is not based on class. If they don't, this country of rules will be damaged forever.
Lmao nope
Why are you still wasting time talking about Hilary? Who cares.
Or perhaps there is insufficient evidence.
Boat without a rudder and a flopping sail. A boat with leaks in it. The democratic leaky. How many more faces do you see in the boat with the 50 foot wave in the back ground.
Trump administration legal boat located at 41.726931° N and -49.948253° pictured here below.

Will Captain Cohen go down with the ship?
The only right and fair thing to do is go after both.  If it was a common citizen, they wouldn't hesitate.
Best days our ahead,  these people will get exactly what they have coming
Don’t forget Barry!
aren't they obligated to go after both? @AlanDersh
You either represent justice for all or the system is a farce
So full of shit.
So Justice Department GO AFTER ALL OF THEM!! We The People are FED UP WITH YOUR LACK OF ACTION!
Ugh, no they aren’t, neither one is under criminal investigation!  Get a grip!
Who cares who is in the way. Justice needs to be served. Clinton, Comey, Obama are not above the law.

probably goes deeper than Hillary. Leftism is cancer.
It'll be worth it to get Trump. Don't fool yourselves. We'll sacrifice them.
seems if a law was broken there shouldn't be a problem.
Let the chips fall where they may. Justice does not pick sides.
Rent free, Foxtards!!
Justice dept also stuck if they go after Flynn, Papadapolas, Gates, or Cohen because they have to go after Trump at the same time.
Keep up the great work!!!

Garbage Trump TV
Equal justice they all should be indicted and many others
Just like Insurance Policy to destroy Trump,Comey & Mueller being an Insurance Policy for Hillary.
THEY NEED TO CHARGE BITH AND WE WANT TO KNOW WHY ITS NOT HAPPENED YET
Lets  lock up Comey and Clinton in the same cell and let them trade lie
It's Trumps DOJ.  If he wanted Sessions to do go after Comey and HRC,  he can make him or replace him.  They reason they are not is because they do to have anything to go.
Comey’s publisher wants to thank Trump for promoting his book.
it needs to happen
That’s their job. Expose this coup for what it is
law enforcement agencies must treat all AMERICAN PEOPLE THE SAME there is no law that says different equal justice for all DEMOCRATS VREAK THE LAW HEY MUST PAY how could AMERICAN PEOPLE believe in justice if these PEOPLE are above the law @realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions explain!
They’re NOT stuck - just do it
Then GO after Comey and Hillary. Lying lawbreakers shouldn’t get away with crimes just because they’re loud and liars.
They should be in the same cell
Good
I can't wait to see them in jail.
The DOJ needs to start serving the American people instead of democrats @realDonaldTrump
By "same legal boat" I assume you mean the word innocent.
Sooooo, is this Justice dept appointed by Trump or democrats? You sound so hollow.
Not quite
Fox’s daily Hillary fetish. Pussygrabbers and deplorables can’t exist without it.
Wow. Definitely something wrong with this. Comey is going to jail.
Sadly... I'll be surprise if he even gets a slap on the wrist!

Tom, the IG report, is going to paint Comey's crimes and Obstruction no matter what. If charges are not filed the President has a Constitutional right to fire Sessions and Rosenstein. Then demand a Second Special Council.
WHY DO YOU SAY THAT, SINCE WHEN DO THEY PICK AND CHOOSE WHO THEY GO AFTER.
If the Republicans gave up on their Russia investigation while it was incomplete, how are they going to prove Hillary guilty of anything? Unless they gave up on their investigation on purpose. Nunes is part of the trump campaign, so no surprise to anyone.
Kind of like the Titanic?
Waa Waa Waa... quit whinning!
Don't give me the crap that they're stuck. Indict both of them and do it NOW!
Both are criminals and need to be prosecuted
Fox propaganda machine, we know.
Using that logic if your go after Flynn, Manafort and Gates....... don't you have to go after Trump?
**COMEY IS CROOKED AS A PERSON CAN GET- WHY DIRTY LYING CROOKED FREAKS LIKE COMEY -CLINTON -OBAMA -CRIMJINAL FELON SOROS ARE NOT IN INTERROGATION????
Mr. Fitton are you a Russian SPY or a Republican TRAITOR WORKING FOR THE RUSSIAN GRU/Military Intelligence? Did you accompany @michaelcohen212 when he met the GRU in Prague or War Profiteer Erick Prince when he met the GRU in the Seychelles?
Oh brother!!
Jeff sessions is a wimp. I always liked him I still do as a human but I think he's a wimp
He's trying to play down the middle and not put politics in the fray. But I think he does need to clean house.
@POTUS
@Jim_Jordan
@RepGoodlatte
@replouiegohmert
@SenTomCotton
@tedcruz

They sure as heck better go after
Hillary!! If they do not hold
These criminals accountable
For the crimes they have
Perpetrated on American soil 
And around the world the will
Never again be respected!
YAWNN! s!
Then it’s time to torpedo that boat, don’t you think? Send them both to hell where they belong along with the other leftist in this country.
"Comey and Hillary in the same Legal Boat?"......but Americans aren't fools!...They know that Comey released hacked Hillary E-mails few days to VOTE....They know that Trump praised Comey and the FBI....."I can bet without any knowledge that there was a REVOLT   in the FBI!"
March US Job Creation Dips, Jobless Rate Unchanged

What boat is Trump and Cohen in?

Innocent
So why is it a problem to go after Hillary, and the rest of the crooks, what makes them Above the Law please explain, I might want to join the illegal side, do whatever I want, and no responsibility or accountability
Will this never stop?
"What does it really matter?!"
... and Trump’s gang of criminal traitors are also in one boat. It’s called the Titanic.
????
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
WHICH IS  WHY I SAID THEY WILL NEVER GO AFTER HIM.. ALSO IT LEADS TO OBAMA BEING INDICTED... REPUBLICANS WISH TO DO NO HARM TO LIBERAL DEMOCRATS... EVEN THOUGH LIBERAL DEMOCRATS TEAR DOWN REPUBLICANS AT WILL.. SAD..NO BACKBONE
Demos/Repubs.... whichever! This is tearing our country apart! Needs to end! Clean the swamp!
Crooked Hillary should have no control anymore heard it all ?patients to the goat well the goat ate the paper Hillary Nanny! its just we have to barf it up ! Can't even enjoy a good meal!!!!
#checkmate?
its obvious Trump is being misinformed & I'm betting  Mind Control is being used on him or Jeff Sessions would have been history, months ago. Inbred Pyschopaths are determined to destroy all that is good!
RHETORIC101 at the #TrumpUniversity collegiate level!
Let's do it @POTUS @VP @GOP
Mueller trained Comey and Comey trained Mc Cabe and Rosenstein how to run the FBI by leaks, manipulating the court of public opinion.
Now if Hilary divorces bill and Comey divorces his wife and marries Hilary.
LOCK THEM UP, LOCK THEM UP, LOCK THEM UP!
