#HoHoHo
Why do you feel the need to be unkind?  Please, help me to understand.
I'm unkind because I posted an Xmas picture of our @FLOTUS? Help me to understand why you think that is unkind. Thanks!
As to being unkind, I think you get it. Body shaming is cruel.
Who did I shame? Show me where I shamed her. I’ll wait.
So the  @FLOTUS is a porn star? (Your words, not mine). 
Not my words.  You intentionally distort my words in order to absolve yourself of pervy actions. Define pornography: the depiction of erotic behavior (as in pictures or writing) intended to cause sexual excitement. Busted. . (Or perhaps you just have Donald Trump Envy...)
With the WH in such a Mental State that’s it.  Why is she even living there. Has done no actual job just dresses up every day for camera. This group of grifters makes me ill.  And we pay their salaries.
What exactly did previous First Ladies do that you feel Mrs. Trump is not equaling?  Please inform me.
Nothing. She’s done nothing !!  Besides dressing up for Cameras of course.  What cause has she actually put her stamp on. All talk and no show or go.
And what cause did Michelle put her name on on the first two years?  None. She “planted” a garden the WH garden staff maintained.  You didn’t ans. my question, just provided your personal opinion — which means nothing.
Last reply.  She took on the National School Lunch Program. Huge advocate for Children’s Health. 2010 launched “let’s move”.  Look it up!! Worked with the US Tennis association to rebuild 6200 kids size tennis courts. Get off Twitter, get on Google. Use your own brain
So you had to research it. . And MO did so well with school lunches!  You’ve got to be kidding me!  In eight years that’s all you could come up with?  She spent more time on vacations!  She also had 19 staff members, a dog walker and her mother on the payroll as a babysitter
Now if we can get her husband off of his lazy racist cheeseburger and diet coke eating but to finish helping Puerto rico get power back that would be great.
Do you expect him to go string power lines?  Why do you say cruel things?  Seriously. I’d like to understand.
You are ignorant for thinking he can solve all of the problems in our country.  Melania is certain,y not forgetting the people of Puerto Rico and for you to imply that is cruel.  They donated $1M personally for hurricane relief.  What have YOU done?
@FLOTUS I hope you remember those effected by the hurricanes with your giving spirit this holiday season.
They’ve already given a million.  What have YOU done?
Thank you for taking care of everything and and the country and Merry Christmas to you and your family.
Taking care of what exactly??  Keeping her clothes on for the camera or her input with the Trumpster.

The giving spirit ? Like giving your friend a job prior to the election and having her profit from over 2 million dollars ?
They want peace and safety for their children, destroying our country and killing our children, a terrorist America
The @POTUS takes away and expects people to pick up the tab
You're not making sense. He gives his salary. Give yours up.
You see how your husband disrespect you it's not going to be long before your son starts disrespecting you http://watch.you  need to get control of your life.Iam just saying.but when it happen don't say I didn't tell you.okay!!!!

What about Puerto Rico? They belong to the United States. Trumps BIGGEST DISASTER!!

Lol can she read??? Lol hey melanoma watch stormy storm on your parade tonight? U know trump screwed her! Are u that stupid?? High school students laighing @ u lol u better grab hold of his dirty wondering pecker! LMAOOO  or someone will again LMAOOO 
A gift of knowing. Hubby so worried about he u paid back $130K 2 rid u of dealing with Stormy. Cohen got access to another $774K. $245K home equity loan & $529K for a mortgage for a new condo his inlaws bought at Trump Tower. So nice! So what was the $774K for? 2ND gift, LAWYER!

The very smartest thing your husband has done is to marry you. You add not only beauty to the White House, but also a very intelligent mind and talent. And you are a great role model for young women who are contemplating having children.
Ain't she cute and classy?! Ohhh yeah!

Hey how does it feel to know your husband has been fucking around on u forever!!! Stormy???



Why don't you and your family give some of your personal money to them not the tax payers money,take it out of your accounts let's see your Christmas spirit #R
They’ve already personally given $1M to hurricane relief.  How much have you contributed?
So when’s the DIVORCE?????????

What are you going for the children of a Puerto Rico? I asked this about 17 times. Crickets.
They’ve already given a million for hurricane relief out of their own pockets.  What are YOU doing?
How is her anti-bullying campaign/platform/SHAM working out @FLOTUS
I belong to the Trump @TeamTrump  and would to get some letters of where we can donate toys to the children of soldiers who are over seas. And also the children who fight cancer and opiodes. It would be a great change to see addresses where we can send them. thank you
#StopAfrinGenocide
Where’s Harvey $ you promised to donate
Still waiting




How about you give @realDonaldTrump a divorce for Xmas...don't wait till he gets impeached!
Why would you say something like that?  Would you be bold enough to tell her that to her face?
stepford wife.....what a dime will buy today..
Why do you say that?  Melania ran her own business for years until she became FLOTUS.  Please explain.
Wow, that woman is so gorgeous, classy, warm and giving! Thank you  Mrs. Trump! I am so proud of you!!
#StopAfrinGenocide
Classy
Niceee  waouuu
This is not only the most beautiful First Lady - Melania is the true Mrs. Univers th most beautiful woman in Univers !
#Noflyzone4Afrin

Poor thing         A study of 168 adult industry actors in Los Angeles County found that 28 percent, or 47 actors, tested positive for either gonorrhea or chlamydia or both.
Did @Flotus account get hacked? All day today @Flotus has been retweeting old posts from months ago....like 50 of them
@FLOTUS what about Puerto Rico?  Still devastated!! Promises promises
استهداف كثيف لمدن وبلدات ريف #إدلب ليلاً بقنابل النابالم الحارقة المحرمة دولياً حيث نفذت الطائرات الروسية غارات على:
تفتناز
سراقب
معرة النعسان 
معرة النعمان 
مطار تفتناز العسكري
خان شيخون 
معصران
قرية النقير 
قرية جوباس
قرية الترنبة
قرية بسيدا
حاس
Right now Puerto Rico has been abandoned and half of the population has no power.
I wish the giving spirit would continue as well God bless you and your family I'm praying for y all the President is doing a great job and thank you both for your sacrifice
Did the people in Puerto Rico have a season of giving spirit?  Throw more paper towels.  There is always karmic payment that comes due.  You are as guilty as your husband - and his porn stars

Thanks Mrs. Melania
A mass child-killer that the world calls president of #Syria and allows him a @UN seat and embassies around the world.
For the first time since Nancy Reagan I just look forward to seeing what our first lady is wearing as we can never see enough of her, she is sooo cute. Even cuter than Nancy.
@FLOTUS. Get down there & help Puerto Rico.
How many porn stars was Donald with?  He get any STDs?  Did you watch them? Participate?
How is that anti bullying program progressing?
Please help people in Venezuela, they literally dying of hunger!!!!
did the porn star Donnie did come to the White House for xmas...or with the size of "Little Donnie" did she even cum at all ?
Hi Melania..

@POTUS says she's better
ليس فلم وإنما حقيقه رجل وزوجته يبكيان طفلهما الرضيع الذي استشهد بالقصف المستمر لنظام الأسد وروسيا على #الغوطة_الشرقية.
#دوما
سگ بغل کن
سگ صفت
More paper towels to PR..you mean.
Voeux de Nouvel An of the FirstLady Melania TRUMP a encore adressé ses remerciements aux Américains bénévoles se sont montrés si généreux pendant la saison d'ouragans particulièrement dévastateurs continueront pour Noël et pendant la Nouvelle Année, tjs avec une classe inégalée!
Melania Trump says she hopes the giving spirit that Americans displayed during a season of devastating hurricanes will continue over Christmas and into the new
America won much more than President DJT We got his lovely wife and her Beauty radiates from w in her
the United States has imposed sanctions against Iran for arresting some of the turbulent activists who burned a taxi and steal a fire truck to kill a soldier and kill a teenager. The Washington Post reported that only US police in 2017 were shot dead by about 1,000 people.

Did she go to Puerto Rico too?
Kashmir
Isn't it wonderful to have a first lady with such class n genuine goodness haven't seen this since Jaclyn Kennedy.
Huh? Where you been? Under a rock?
Puerto Rico is still without power and water in many areas.


Love you
Try giving the obscene amout of money you spend on clothes to feed the homeless. Don't use #45's charity. He spends that money on self portraits fir his offices.
Melania pretending like she can read English.
Melania, I tweeted our President about the tree for Mrs. Jackson, I ask him if he would consider letting a really good wood carver come look at the tree and maybe make some things or a table out of it to maybe place under or close to President and Mrs. JACKSONS PICTURES IN THE WH
Giving Spirit-
Like watching your husband take their healthcare and trying to take food out of their mouths? Worst First Lady ever. You're a gold digger and nothing more.
Pretty
Because your husband cut food stamps just before Christmas and kids are literally starving now. Smh
How much have you given
American's are giving people. We, have been taken advantage of through the largesse of politicians buying votes. Charity is a function home and church,  not government!
That "giving spirit of Americans" during a season of devastating hurricanes is not what Americans are used to. Americans are used to having a government paid by tax payers that supports them during hurricanes, not the kindness of strangers. #PuertoRico #Hurricanes
@FLOTUS You are truly loved , admired & wonderful to us with our eyes wide open! We see you're love for all.
Said the Gold Digger
Is this a joke? Puerto Ricans are without power and dying.
Classiest and most intelligent First Lady this country ever had

And the FIRES in Calif. !!!
The majority of Americans want gun control, want Puerto Rico to have what it needs, want children to have health insurance, and want something better than this. Americans HOPE this will realistically happen.
Americans know you know a person that’s close to you that can make this happen. Happy New Year and may you have an amazing and fulfilling 2018.
The people in the comments are pretty wretched. Puerto Rico has been sent quite a bit of aid. The issue with restoring their power, and moving the aid around is due to the fact that their roads were washed out. We sent more manpower to resolve that when the obstacle was hit.
Puerto Rican's are American citizens too.
Nice
So why don’t The Trumps give to help Children and Seniors who will be affected by the “Tax Cut for The Wealthy”.  Medicare will be slashed and Children will no longer have health care.  While their family personally benefits by millions of dollars.
Giving to who? The poor giving to the 1%?
I th8nk after that tax bill, the 1% can afford more than I can.
Too bad the little children couldn't understand he's been here long enough to have English down
Yes, GIVE us a break, and love out of the White House
#TreasonsGreetings
@FLOTUS how much do you and Trump give. You have your millions due to impoverished people doing the cleaning, polishing, gardening, maintenances, etc. so what do you give back?  A million is nothing. I give my share and I am mid ic
Now first you pretend you're saying grrrrrrrr and squint your eyes a little. Flip your hair, look longingly at your tyrant husband and state he in not a bully. Squint, glare grrrrrr.
Can't stop laughing. Hilarious.
I really hope Trump and Pence will either resign or be removed from our government. Enough is enough.
What about Puerto Rico?

Most beautiful and elegant First Lady ever: Melania Trump! @FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump
Plastic Patty was always very average.
@FLOTUS @POTUS how about taking some of your stolen and I'll gotten money and assisting US citizens in need.....Puerto Rico????

He's never read the Bible. He has no idea what Christians believe. He referred to STDs as "his Vietnam." He sexually harassed at least 17 women. He has ties to organized crime. He has been married 3 times and has cheated on all 3 women. But sure, his faith guides him. …
Hi
Because we all know Donald's motto..."Other people's money."
Huh? Oh, it’s a joke!
Puerto Rico still has no power.
The giving spirit? Talk to your husband first.
And we mean giving to the poor and needy, not to the wealthy and corporations as your husband and the GOP tax bill did.
Unfortunately your greedy husband didn't see fit to help Puerto Rico
How much did you actually donate.
Where's HER giving spirit.....she nothing more than a grifter.....and where are her papers?
That's some serious cognitive dissonance.
I
You make reading a xmas card sexy
She needs to train her loser husband. #trumpimpeachmentparty

@FLOTUS damn you look more like Michael Jackson everyday.
Yeah, ok. We’re giving YOU, your husband, and all his rich friends our tax money, medical care and bits of our freedoms this Christmas and into the New Year...and beyond.
I expect actual news and truth from @AP
Yes, we are planning to give to all of the candidates that oppose your creepy husband. Then you can go back to your rich life!
Suggest to POTUS that money be spent on ads that explain and promote his accomplishments.  A PR campaign will help counter/combat the avalanche of neg info by media. Could be very effective in getting the word out in a visual as well as verbal way!  Merry XMas!
Come on, her IQ isnt that high.
Nice to see first lady active during  christmas season,saw how beautiful decorated whitehouse was.
You can always find the racist!
Your husband has dashed so many hopes this holiday season that I hope you both have a miserable holiday...
‘Tis the season of thieving.
What a waste she is
MOTHER ABUSE
Best first lady ever!
