we need free rehab, to go to a good place like roscrans is 20,000 cash, at the same time your husband is trying to take away the safety nets
im sorry i must question your intentions, if you really cared you will tell your husband to stop trying to kill obcare and build on it.
You and your husband are the best
Charity starts at home.
You do not fool us. You are a #PUPPET for the #WhiteSupremacistInChief. You are #complicit
Markito, true human rights activists, fight for good things & support others who do. You only hurt those u claim to help w/ your hate.
We have a great program for babies here in Kent, WA. So many addicted to multple drugs and must be detoxed from each one. We rock them and hold them for endless hours as they shake, cry and wrench - heart breaking. Thanks for your work FLOTUS
You are such a compassionate First Lady
I hope you don't break a nail during this photo-op.
Please be their advocate
You don't have to stay. I know the money won't be so great, but get yourself and your child out now.
As if the males in the DISASTROUS Trump family weren't enough, now the sniping females chip in to fight as well. What a laughingstock these horrible eastern women make of our country! #GetThemOUT!!!

They can’t overcome their addiction until they find the cause of their emotional pain, then confront the people that caused it...
http://Www.smashmouthjesus.com  be brave and confront your abusers. That’s the only way to fight addictions! It’s the only true pain killer!
Another serious issue is addicted pregnant women are given opioids at govt clinics, not required to withdraw; therefore addicted infant born
Yes, I remember something about trump Declaring an opioid epidemic months ago. What else has he done?  #talkischeap
‘Addiction - complex and destructive disease. Its impact - simply devastating. All too often, lives and families can be shattered by it.’
Im a nurse. U only have to see a baby in withdrawal once If mom addicted they must be sentenced to a rehab till delivery Take babies away!
Highly needed ..Good iniciative..¡¡¡
Doing an excellent work.
Good God. Learn English b4 trolling.
So? This means you support health care for all? That mental illness & addiction are epidemics that need to be covered & addressed NOW!
Monin'! Ask the American TAX payer to address this. It is our TAX dollars that will be used to fund "health insurance" for all. You can....
...get all the health care you want. Pay for it yourself. Address this now!
American tax payer? I assume you're referring to me considering TRUMP refused to show tax returns. I pay my own HC & for Pence's PR stunt!
If your based argument is "#Trump won't show his TAX returns", you already lost this discussion. The rest I don't care about. I care about..
...people leeching off the American TAX dollars for the rest of their lives. Even people who don't deserve it.
Maybe you could explain what the tax dollars should be used for, if not for caring for the people?
Maybe I should've said 4 words; Infrastructure, Military & Safety & Security.
Affordable health care would help with that. @POTUS is working against you. Maybe that other First Lady can give you a hand. #IvanaFlotus
Nothing about ACA is affordable either.My kidvhas been w/o Ins for 2 yrs now.I am so tired of ppl with ins acting like ACA is good for all
ACA gives affordable health care to MILLIONS! But nobody said it's a cure-all. Single Payer is THE answer! Can we have your support there?
The government should of NEVER gotten into the insurance business. That is NOT a right that the Federal Government was required to provide.
Government isn’t in the Insurance business, it’s in the regulatory business. Trying to keep insurance companies from screwing us all!
God Bless You, Beautiful Soul. We Love you and your Sweetness. 
Triggered Little Snowflake 
Blah, blah, blah
Didn't she block you yet? Her bio says she blocks Trumpsters. 
Not yet, just another liberal hater, calling us names, telling us how stupid we are, typical hateful liberal.
Well, you are very brave, very strong. I admire your rambunctious spirit. I have to save my energy to clean the floors today. 
It sounds like you've been in a coma for 30 years.
Those recovering from addiction need affordable access to birth control as well.
I’m sure you’ll be a real big help. You useless vacuum of energy
YOU are a(Beautiful)picture of CLASS&ELEGANCE #FLOTUS!GOD BLESS the FIRST FAMILY & THE #UNITEDSTATESofAMERICA.#MikeyObama is SO Jealous of U

She should have been #FIRED when she called OUR POTUS a white supremacist!#boycott ESPN
Yes,  please boycott ESPN for their idiotic treatment of @jemelehill.
Nothing you say has any credibility given who you're married to.#FreeMelania
I guess she should of taken Bill from Hillary.  That would of given her the credibility your probably looking for?
What a cheep hollow tweet
Oh how cute you want to help but your husband is in your way sorry, but if you need an out I can help call me
Ivana is first lady.
Yes, stop prescribing opioids to addicts!! I take opioids & I follow my prescription dose, simple as that!!!
vaccines maim and kill babies and folks. We won’t have any military in the future. Too much autism aspergers and auto@immune
There is and remains zero link between vaccines and autism. You’ve been sold snake oil.

SO your husband and his cronies take away healthcare , and expect some miraculous recovery to happen. Quit showboating
I'm sorry and it may seem cruel to some, but these parents should be sterilized.
Melanina, we need to provide individualized mental health and better drug treatment options. Our archaic treatments have failed!
Thank you Malania...for the work you are doing blessings
The First Lady is beautiful inside and out
Love her!!!!!!
Well, everyone has certainly seen ALL of her. Too bad she felt she had to super size her boobs, use Botox and change her nose 2 b pretty.
This is great, actually do this B.
thank you first lady these are issues that must be addressed
We also must NOT stop the coverage of Birthcontol for that exact reason!!
We are so proud of our First Lady Melania Trump #TrumpUSA #FirstLadyMelania #Proud #MAGA
Malania is a wonderful representation of the American woman .. Or how we would like to be seen buy the rest of the world anyway.
You want the world to look at you like a barely literate, Slovenian titty model and soft core porn actress?
The barely literate don't speak five languages. Melania does. I would rather be like her then a hate-filled lib any day of the week.
You seem like a nice lady.  Too bad your husband doesn't put his influence/mouth/money/twitter to agree with these statements.
He has been trying, but it keeps getting bounced out by the left. All they want to do is fight it but have zero plans to help it. Go figure
Um, I think you're confusing which side is which.  The left doesn't control anything. The only side bouncing anything is your own.
Blocked.

Thank you!! it's great to finally have an intelligent and strong First Lady for our great country

And you'll accomplish this through dismantling public healthcare, right? Cool!
Like how public healthcare helped Charlie Gard? The Government shouldn't decide who's worth saving and who isn't. Human life is sacred
The hospital (run by the National Health Service) and the Courts denied Gard's parents the right to seek treatment in the US. Evil
No they did not at any point. They went al over the UK and the world to try and help him. What you have read and heard is wrong.
Such great work !!
Just say no..
that's a great cause to support. will you be allocating extra funds or donating from u personal wealth? a visit is nice but wont save lives.
Your pretty
Her pretty what?
Pretty/Hot
Oh. Well that's not what you originally said.
Im from WV and have seen 1st hand the opioid epidemic destroy families and communities. It can affect all. No one is immune to this crisis.
Be brave and confront your abusers. It’s the only true pain killer.
You need to speak English they will end up in the foster care system yes which is broken and always has been
Usa ugly Americans stupid need high to exist low self esteem people good dumb gross
I agree with you #ReleaseTheMemo
If everyone adopts one initiative, the world will be a much better place
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
Tell husband that Medicade funding for addiction treatment must increase 4x to address problem. Don't block grant Medicade. Thank you.
Thank you @FLOTUS. God bless you in your travels. Thank you for #MAGA. YOU ARE LOVED AND APPRECIATED 
What a beautiful human!
God bless you and the good work you do.
What work?
#POTUS is making it harder for women to have access to birth control. So, more unwanted babies will be born in this predicament. #Clueless
Babies should never be unwanted. There are so many couples out there wanting to adopt!
But how is your internet bullying platform working out?   Hadn't  heard much about it from you.
One step in the right direction would be to "stop prescribing Apioids" for pain management.
Where did you get your medical degree? Trump University?
Yes, yes I did. Are you addicted to Opioids? No? Yes? Find a 12 step program. Otherwise, direct your hatred toward you mother, she is ...
Apparently you're brain dead.


God bless you First Lady 
Watch out Melania.  Twitter will block you.  They don't like helping babies.  Ask Rep. BLACKBURN.
This may make me puke. Is she wearing a $50K jacket? Husband going to provide economic prosperity? #redneckmarieantoinette
Your tweet makes me puke. If she makes you sick, take your hate elsewhere, moron,
Ummm no hate. If you cannot have civil adult discourse please do not respond .
STOP THIS also. Poppy farming went UP in Afganastan & continues to grow AFTER US occupation. FACT! Yea, it's true.
Yet over 90% of the opioids here like heroin are being smuggled up from Mexico.  ACA got people hooked then They move to illegal meds after.
You're ignorance is frightening. Please don't drive. Stay home and drink.
Our Heroin: From Afghanistan or Mexico?
Yes, almost all heroin in US is Black Tar Heroin from Mexico.  Afghan brown still is smuggled through the border there also.
Your husband is sabotaging #Obamacare without any solutions.
Tmw I travel to WV on behalf of kids. Babies born addicted to opioids often end up in foster system-we must help parents overcome addiction.
good! Obambacare sucks
Okay, russia bot
Tampa,  Florida #Hillarybot
Wow! I totally believe you now.
don't need the approval of a seditious treasonous un-American murderous  democrat libatard
Okay, comrade.
only Antifa backed democrats use that commie  talk
#vivitrol
Hillary fights for kids. Donald took CHIPS away from kids. You need to focus on the bully who lives with you.
Love it
2 month ago Donald declared opioid health crisis. He never followed through.  What happened?
At least someone named trump is doing something right.
Lily's place does amazing things. It's 5 minutes from my house.Those babies go thru hell. I'm glad your trying to help.
We need to get these women in a long term rehab? Keep up your great work!!!!
Yeah, good luck with that Mrs. Trump.  Your greedy husband is taking away the programs needed to work with these families.  My condolences.
Good luck and safe travels! America stands proudly behind you! #MAGA #FirstLady #ClassintheWhiteHouse
thank you for helping our kids. Hopefully making better choices, need help with emotional issues w/strength to say "no".
GREAT.  DID U FORGET UR PLEDGE 2 ADDRESS BULLICIDE-CYBER BULLYING-SUICIDE 3RD CAUSE OF DEATH AMOUNG TEENS
https://www.google.com/search?q=ivana+trump+first+lady&client=ms-android-boost-us&prmd=ivn&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwivqcaH3OXWAhVGRSYKHaeiBUcQ_AUIESgB&biw=360&bih=559#imgrc=dlPmcAdEJNuyvM:&siv=y …
Thank you for helping our babies. : ) How can we raise solid loving families & ladies again? You two are doing great with Barron. Thank you!
Yes! Thankyou! Falling prey to addiction doesn't automatically make someone a bad parent. They can recover.
Include birth control...
Your tawdry feud with ex-wives seems to be more important. Shows all the money in the world doesn't give you class. @POTUS
You’re amazing!  Keep it up!
Thank You For Everything You Do 
You don't understand the first thing about addiction. Not an ounce!
Who wrote that for you?
If you support @POTUS & @GOP, it means no addiction coverage in healthcare, no #CHIP, underfunded child welfare, & tougher drug laws! #fail
stay home convince don that he needs to do something. he is not helping you. Melly . he does not support your causes. so why are you? ..
You can also help women with birth control coverage, health care coverage and oh well CHIP?
The only thing we care about is that you stop this national embarrassment:
Right .grandparents in Kentucky,so upset because they loose the grandchildren to the system because they have no rights in the state Ky,HELP
I can’t stand your husband he’s an embarrassment to America and can’t wait till he’s out! But you are a class act and will hate to lose you!
Thank you for caring
You have my admiration.
Thank you Flotus for your service to our country and your care for we the http://people.You  represent us with such dignity and grace.
If you can't help everyone you don't need to help anyone what makes them so special what about people who are disabled they need more help
Photo op
What happened to your plan to stop bullying?  Stop your husband!
Y don't u miss the photo ops and convince the creature u married to stop taking healthcare away from those same people. #SPEAKUP
We need to then fix RFA process it is disheartening how hard LA COUNTY makes it for good families to Adopt/Foster. #myflotushero
Hey u should marry bill gates hes worth 89billion he lives in seattle wa and is way nicer then trumps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oG5i5ygxzF4&list=PLIwzXth25lqpQtU5LtPOkz6Cni0lyiFeP …
The foster system is a far worse problem than opiod addiction. 70% of children rescued from sex trafficking are from foster care.
Almost impossible to take babies from drug addicted mothers #FathersRights
May God be with you.
https://www.facebook.com/Realcanvas.Chittagong/?ref=bookmarks …
God Bless your trip!!  If you need a good nurse, I'm there :)
Remind husband of CHiP program. Stop disparaging ACA. Hopefully you both know about these  programs and then tour. Hypocracy
I hope much progress can be made. Addiction is devastating generations of families.
Yes they need help the babies and parents
We also have a huge problem with meth addiction!
Please give a big round of applause to the first lady who has done the most for our country since Michelle Obama!!!

My First lady the most beautiful the most benevolent the u.s. is humbled by your beauty and Grace
May God bless you and your work.  †
God bless you First Lady. You make us proud
You are a wonderful, caring First Lady 
...Stop following him around and do something about it. Aren’t you more then a fashion plate bimbo? Put the effort into helping. Talk is 0
this is great! can you also get your husband to stop name calling? this anti-bullying campaign you spoke so much about? it starts at home.
I assure you I am not a wussie and I’m simply asking him/them/anyone to address a concern. Be well, Another name calling supporter.
No the real bullies are the ones that talk smack on him every day.  He's doing good things for my children.who are kind hearted and respect
Ok. Best wishes to you and your children.
They need education & jobs. MAGA!
STOP MAKING UP FAKE WORK FOR THE "FAKE NEWS PEOPLE" TO COVER.. you are like Dump. He's trying  his poor dump heart to destroy Obama work for what. To pat himself on the back. 
What kind of a woman and mom are you? I bet you send money back home. Your secret nest. You Go Girl.
You can help by lowering the cost of medication
Stay home - your embarrassing
Dear FLOUTS, Please consider Dr. Oz suggestion: https://www.forbes.com/sites/tomangell/2017/09/19/dr-oz-says-medical-marijuana-could-help-solve-opioid-addiction/#6afc0654219b … Yes, God's green herb is "very good" according to God. Genesis 1:31
All about love
#intro #video_intro #logo_animation 
#youtube_intro #logo_intro #gaming_intro 
#youtube_video #animated_intro
We're tired of this shit. He disrespect women & Immigrants & U R both. Have U no dignity?
please stay away; we don't need any more dope in the state
Tell potus to stop trying to cut programs to help the addicted for tax cuts for the rich. Otherwise its just fake caring, as usual.
We love you, FLOTUS So proud of our First Lady 
Please disregard the rude liberals. The American deplorables love you and our president.  You're both doing a fantastic job. #MAGA
Let’s look at ALL the drugs, yes opioids, but all!
Do you think maybe access to healthcare could be helpful?
YOUR OPIOD
IS YOUR SO-CALLED
HUSBAND
OR
IS IT HIS
MONEY?
Thank you 1st Lady. Negativity is everywhere & GOD is pushed out of everything that is USA biggest problem. Your love & compassion for the..
It will be difficult to achieve that since your husband is destroying health care for all in this county.  Nice words -no substance.
On behalf of children make sure congress authorize children's health insurance program
Thanks Mrs Trump for your work..
Welcome to Beautiful West Virginia, you are doing a fantastic job as our First Lady.
Thank you for your help ma'am. The child we adopted was born addicted. His mother is a junkie who NEVER had ANY prenatal care, were praying!
Amen thanks for being greatest FLOTUS ever if it wasn't for subutex I would be dead ..thks for carrying we the People love and support u
When Donald was lying to nation to get elected you said you would focus on bullying because your son gets bullied. Pick a topic
You're doing a great job as our first lady.
I guess we'll be seeing another picture of with a bunch of black kids. So fake
Maybe re-up CHiP for the innocent children- priorities matter
Great and worthy cause, but don't forget the Americans that truly need those drugs. They are currently being bullied and criminalized.
amen God will hold us accountable !
God bless you MALANIA! So proud of you!
sorry spelling MELANIA! Please forgive me.
Did you help yourself overcome the addiction to Botox? Struggle is real!
Thank You- yes something needs done-drugs have took over so many people's lives & it affects everyone around them
http://Smarturl.it/unme  is the solution.
Thank you Mrs. Trump & good luck
WTF would you know about any of this. Any woman stupid enough to Marry that idiot in the WH doesn't have a Fg clue..waste of taxpayer $
A beautiful spirit and mind are you.
first lady is always for a Noble cause a round of applause for the care and concern this is a big commitment.
a doctor in NC studies opioid related gastro disorders. I think many addicts suffer from it & would benefit from his treatmnt apprch
I really respect your lead in reaching out and caring for the people who need it.
Thank you. Although you cannot help all of them, you can help some of them. If everyone did that, we'd be a God loving America again.
The children is wonderful. Only selfless people understand the power & goodness in your visit. Follow your heart it's in the right place Thx
THANK YOU!!! NOW THE BABIES PARENTS NEED HELP! 

PLEASE HELP!!! PLEASE! I LOST MY SON!  http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0828186/?mode=desktop&ref_=m_ft_dsk …
Since Obamacare, these so-called  "Dr. Ali Muhammad" provider doctors prescribe Vicodin comfortably. They know the patients coming back!
Especially the dental providers of Obamacare. People need to wake up put aside all that liberal emotion and stop being afraid of the truth!
Wall at the border first step! Love you!

Is there anything you can do to disable your husband? Like, pull the batteries out, or something? Asking for a friend. Thanks!
Bit of advice people on disability and older people sell these drugs because they don't have enough money to make it
