
We Love Trump , We Love TRUMP,  We LOVE TRUMP , CAN YOU HEAR ME,  WE LOVE HIS WOMAN , CAN YOU HEAR ME , AND HIS FAMILY , CAN YOU HEAR ME ,  HE HAS   BROUGHT GOD  BACK TO AMERICA,  AND  GOD IS VERY PLEASED WUTH  Donald Trump right now , so shake your swords,  make noise , bye!
I love you so much
@Walmertabeedi
Hallo
and because some moron is going to bring it up yes I follow the first  ummmm (lady) used the term lightly. Why because she is food for fodder for my groups.. Worth the laugh
We know Santa will not being visiting the WH.  Trump has been a very bad human.  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #HugePOS

never received it?  Dang post office!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sit in it Please and Rotate ! Bye
Soooo happy you're our First Lady!
Will the booklet be available to buy? I would love to purchase one!
I hope it happens 
Represents #America with class
So classy.

Melania, I guess you have a lot of time on your hands today given the fact that you’re not going down to Swamp-a-Lago for the big gala.
MERRY CHRISTMAS MELANIA TRUMP.GOD BLESS YOU
They’re beautiful!

At least we WON'T have COMMUNIST ornaments on OUR WH tree anymore like we did for 8 yrs when COMMIE HUSSEIN OBAMA was there! We now have CLASS in OUR WH!

Graceful, Beautiful, Stylish 
I’m proud to have her as @FLOTUS God bless her 
Yes beauty like hers , can not be purchased at the Local Drug Storeb, her Beauty comes deep from With In Grasshopper!!Go Trump Go go go go go go go go go go
It’s good to have our Ehite House back.  It will be a beautiful Christmas with you there FLOTUS.  We are proud of you and your family / Husband our POTUS. We love you very much.
@FLOTUS...she's gonna ROCK Christmas at the White House like nobody's business!!

I.CAN'T.WAIT.
Yes I believe she will rock it like none other!  Well maybe like Jackie did,  we will see soon.  Thankful!
That ho is nothing like Jackie, do not disgrace Jackie.
Don’t call our FLOTUS  a ho ! She is a loving caring lady.
A lady of the night is no lady, what get off on her nude pics.
MERRY CHRISTMAS MELANIA TRUMP AND FAMILY
Thank you Mrs Trump for honoring the White House with the most beautiful Christmas decorations EVER!!!
What a fabulous First Lady! So happy to have a gorgeous and intelligent woman representing our country after 8 years of homely, racist Communist Obama who resented America!
It looks beautiful Melania , keep up the great work
Dear Mrs. Trump, I just love how you had the White House decorated, it’s just a beautiful representation of you and the President. Thank you for bringing back the elegance of the historic beauty of the White House.
This year's @WhiteHouse Christmas booklet is in printing!  Excited to receive the beautiful tree Monday
Please send me a copy of the Christmas book, ill leave my address with White House volunteer phone panel.thank you!!!!
thank you
Can you please send me a Christmas Card? I’m a service connected disabled Veteran and member of the Paralyzed Veterans of America. I’m more than happy to send you my address. 

Thank You,
Joel McCauley
How do I get one of those???!?!
You did a beautiful job. We the supporters of your entire family love you and your family. You make us all proud!
We love our president and wonderful First Lady! Thank you for bringing back true meaning of Christmas 
Can you please tell me how to order the White House Christmas  Cards?    Thank you in advance...
Your the First Lady ig the United States os America ando you don’t have a MacBook Pro with touch bar
Such class!! I'm so proud of you and @POTUS !!
How come we don't have  and American for a First Lady? Why did we have to go to the former Soviet Union to find one?
How can I order a copy?  Thank you for bringing back the nativity scene telling the true meaning of Christmas!
Can i get one ?
https://twitter.com/IrisRimon/status/935366230520795136?s=17 …

Splendid Christmas greetings. Keep it up.
MORE CO2
My 4 G is streaming now but I hope your book is awesome
Dear Melania; Thank you for Loving America and being so passionate about it. Your class & Donalds Backbone are making America better again. I Thank God for you Both.
Yes, very excited
Your (husband) is a sexual predator how do you deal with that ??? Please reply
So proud of this year upcoming Christmas is back. God bless potus and flours and America
is there anyway that I can get a copy of this booklet if I am not touring the White House.  Wasn't able to get tickets this year
Where does one get one of the booklets if they can't do the tour.
Is there anyway to get a booklet
I think this is a more accurate representation of the glad tidings you share. I'd feel sorry for you if you weren't so #Complicit
but if you take a lot of yourself to face extraterrestrial civilizations. and it's just that we turn off the hardware there for your planes. we are joking. and if we are fighting with you ahahahhahahahhahhh you will disappear atomizing on atoms. we like YOUR EARTH. !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yeah, kinda like telling everyone you're wrapping their presents in mid-November...pointless, ruins the magic and is clearly too early to be talking about Christmas. 
How can you stay married to this man?
So good to hear the word Christmas in our vocabulary. Thank you so much.
And after little @realDonaldTrump  is jailed,  you'll be excited about booklets w/ your pictures suitable for men's magazines.

Loving it!!also sick and tired of political correctness
Thank you FLOTUS!
I just love seeing these events!
Les cartes de Voeux of the First Lady Melania TRUMP, for christmas
I care!  please never let AMERICA’s worst hurt you.  You are a great First Lady!  You family is great and your husband is likely one of the best presidents we have ever had.  I’m in my sixth decade
*!
How do I get a copy of this Mrs. Trump?
, Such a Lady, Thank you for restoring God and Jesus Christ in our Christmas Season and America, as we have missed so much. God Bless you, Melania, and all the First Family.
Kh well, what ya know, another Snow Flake jas spoken!
Your doing such a good job. I saw your speech the other day. Your getting to be really good at public speaking hon 
Yes
Would love to get a copy... Happy Thanksgiving!
And the best star above the Best tree
We love our tree from Montana
FL M http://Yes.You  want to be celebrating with whole of USA & world...the Christmas season.: :)
I am impressed... who's tweeting for you? I know you don't write that well.
Wonderful!
Thank you for bringing a real Chistmas back to the White House!
How can I get one of the @WhiteHouse Christmas booklets?

How are you doing
http://salarydaily.com/?cash=42287 
Merry Christmas! God bless you and the entire Trump family. Thank you for your service to our nation.

Sarah Sims put a digital recorder in her daughter's backpack in hopes of recording what was going on in the 4th grader's classroom. She has been charged with felony use of a device to intercept oral communication, which carries a possible penalty of five years in prison. …
the MacBook  can use a cover for spill protection

How does one get the White House Christmas Booklet?
We will all have a very Merry Traditional Christmas and a Happy New Year! "We" all care and the one's that don't, don't matter. God Bless America and God Bless President Trump! #MAGA 
https://goo.gl/Qugn1S   NPR List of @realDonaldTrump Sexual Assault Victims.  Happy Holidays.
May Your First Thanksgiving  As First Lady Be As Great as You & Your Great Husband, aka: President of the United States of America Are.
So Thankful for You As Our First Lady. What a Great Lady You Are.
I'm forever Grateful to you. God Bless You Amen  
Wondering what you’re ornaments will be? Thinking we could go with a “truth or lie theme?” Mayb that’s too much red?
Beautiful!
Everything our First Lady does is first class, elegant & sophisticated.  Thank you Melania
Quick question, were you involved in the trump modeling agency? How about the human trafficing in Panama? Asking for a friend #TrumpCrimeFamily
Just think, this time next year your fake husband will be in PRISON! Where will you be? #TrumpCrimeFamily #WeThePeople
Why don't you get off you LAZY ASS and start doing something!? You've done NOTHING abt cyber bullying, you POS husband is still tweeting! #FAKEFLOTUS
Thank you so much for bringing Christmas back!!!! #gratefulforyou
Your tree will be gorgeous just like you,Melania..Happy Thanksgiving to you, Barron and our President Trump
Where can I get a copy? Will you be posting holiday recipes?
GREETINGS FROM SERBIA   KRUSEVAC     POZDRAV   IZ SRBIJE   KRUSEVAC
You are so thoughtful

I can wait to see the White House Christmas decorations this year, they will be spectacular!
Why haven't you made any statements on sexual harassment and pedophilia? Is that not included in your so-called anti-bullying campaign?
I want to Thank you for all you have done for our country. God Bless you and Melania.
A Merry Christmas to you and our President.
so, are you really that oblivious to the atrocities your husband is doing to my country? Or as I suspect, complicit?
How can you even consider enjoying a religious holiday with a man who is a sexual predator?
The 16 women who accused Trump of sexual assault are telling their story in one video-please share this far & wide. RT if you agree it’s time for Trump to be held accountable for his sexual misconduct.

…
Is it a Christmas tradition to talk about your husband's support of A CHILD MOLESTER in there?
Thank you FLOTUS Melania
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
How exciting!! I would love to be a part of the decorating!!  God bless you!!
Christmas slways
Merry Christmas
Very beautiful, Melania
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO THE  FIRST FAMILY;   MAY GOD PROTECT YOU ALL AT ALL TIMES.    MAY HE  KEEP YOU HEALTHY AND GIVE YOU STRENGTH AND WISDOM TO CONTINUE.   MUCH LOVE AND BLESSINGS; MARIZE .
No thanks mail order first lady.

I’m glad you are bringing tradition back!
It will be beautiful!!! - vls!
HOhoho Merry Christmas to the Trump family. Thank you very much for being there for us. Barron sometimes bad people say bad thing about your family. They are only jealous. 
You rock.
I'd love to see that book. Too bad the Whitehouse doesn't send out cards for Christmas anymore.  I can't wait to see how you decorate the tree!
GR8 2C the Heavy Lifting [N*O*T!!!] ur doing as First Lady!! => Perhaps I cud lead 'Dress 4 Success' workshops 4 poor women seeking 2 enter/reenter the Workforce!!
…Sorry 4 typo: SB 'U cud lead!'
Merry Christmas to you, our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and your beautiful family  Wishing all the best your first Christmas and New Year in the White House.
Awesome!
I have never been so excited for a WH Christmas ! This is going to be wonderful. Thank you and God bless you, Barron and your parents. 
, Happy Thanksgiving, to our wonderful First Lady and her wonderful family!
Merry Christmas at the White House.
So very happy to have your intelligence, sophistication, elegance. Approachable  respectfulness of all, with a true love of country. We have not had a 1st lady of your stature since the Reagan years. Thank you for representing US & the USA so elegantly!!
