نفسى اسافر امريكا بس مش معايه تمن الفيزا انا يتيم اب وام
Trump & Melania are such a beautiful couple!
He’s a fat pig.
I hear that Weinstein will become the next Speaker of the House because they already have a sexual predator in the WH.
What would you know? Btw... The 60's called, they want their hairstyle back!
BTW, that is directed to @travelbitch
What a splendid FLOTUS we have!

Wish i could move to CA Canada! A country that really cares about its peoples healthcare!
Go
Question, what exactly did that son of a bitch sign, it better of been nothing more than the sign in or guestbook. I am Chief and Command
Very Proud Of our First Lady! Looking so sharp in that suit! No one can look that good except our Fist Lady Melania! 
The more we are together , the happier well be.
Canada must have died laughing after this crap. Trump is sick in the head.
Yay. Now you can see what a real leader looks like. Take lots of notes Trumps .
A class act . No more ugly first lady’s
Trudeau is a trader to the people of Canada
Two leaders that are polar opposites.  One serves his country, one rips it apart and sucks the life out its constituents
I know... I cannot figure out how Justin ever got elected
Sexual predator
6. Cathy Heller. Says Trump grabbed her and attempted to kiss her at Mar-a-lago in 1997.
Trudeau SOS HELP US



You seemed really excited.  Surprised you didn’t have your sunglasses on. 


Our Beautiful First Lady Melania prob spoke French with them.  Welcome to the Trump Treatment, Little Trudeau. You will never be the same!
That way she could send a coded message that the dumpster couldn’t understand for them to save her. 
God Bless America 
Please talk to President Trump women need birth control !
Good
That was yesterday.... did u loose ur phone?
We are SOOOOO proud to have you as @FLOTUS . Thank you for love for our country. #MAGA #ThursdayThoughts
Who's proud?!!! She's the WORST!
With all due respect ma'am, I'm very proud, and I think she is the best.
With all due respect, she is nothing more than a porn star trying to be legit
And u know this how ?  aren't u being just a bit Judgemental ? Do u know her ? R u a gud friend of hers ? I can safely say no ! Shame on u
Did you not know Melania's name prior to her being @FLOTUS ? She's got an interesting and naked history.
Yep that's true !
Meanwhile in Canada... Justin Trudeau: We must promote more women to positions of power |
meanwhile in Canada, immigrants that commit crimes will no longer have their citizenship revoked,
meanwhile in Canada Trudeau passes law making bestiality legal ....
yeah... CANADA IS DOOMED TO BE THE UK
Please back any of that up with legitimate sources.
Keep him
I can't stand the White Obama, but hey, our FLOTUS looked fabulous as did Trudeau's wife.

What a pussy this  wet noddle Trudeau is
You know, I'm very disappointed in your husband's effort in helping #PuertoRico. Four have died due to water shortage. They need your help!
@RadFinch It's called Hurricane damage. Not the fault of one person. Perhaps the blame lies with the political attention-grabbing mayor?
Right now you have 1 person helping every 712, they need you to go down & help out with hiking into the mountains carrying cases of water &
food. These people in the mountains need to help &come down. You can grab a shovel to help clear the mud off the roads so aid can reach them
Stay with your kids & out of politics.Why are we seeing so much of u? U think people really like u? Majority - not.Paid for porn model
BUILD A CANADIAN BORDER WALL. Nambia will pay for it.
@POTUS @JustinTrudeau @WhiteHouse send Trudeaus back to Canada, they are morally bankrupt and betray their own countrymen.
Silvouple mwen vle vizi te usa
oh my @FLOTUS your elegance become us thank you My @FLOTUS
Remedial English class, STAT! 
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
What was it like having a real leader in the Whitehouse ?
Someone who says Christians are worst part of socieity is not a leader in anyones books But an Evil destroyer He is trying to Destroy Canada
VIN DIESEL HERE AM I FAT OR A CHUNCKY MALE NOW NAW IM FIT BUT TROY LOOKS HALF DEAD AND ALL BUT WHEN HE SHOWERS I SAY ALL IS WELL NAW HE NEEDS A LEGACY
Here comes the Prostitute
Trudeau sits like a little girl trying to please her mommy
Better than sitting like trump who always looks like he is on the can
beta males shouldn't reproduce

See Back Internet-Shame on Utility CMSN & Banking Industry Citizen Multi National Millionaires.. FBI "nothing worse"
Thank you First Lady for keeping us informed and sharing your day with us. WE THE PEOPLE. LOVE YOU . And we really like that Big Guy too.
We the people is 32%. Please refrain from speaking for the 68% that totally are ashamed and embarrassed
Why can’t we be more like Canada? Great country!
OMG GET AWAY FROM THEM.. they are good people, they don’t need to be talking to you!!
Oh how I long for America 2 have the class,intelligence, & genuine beauty of the Trudeaus.
Get rid of the dumps.
Absolutely LOVE your suit. Classy & powerful with creative twist of the 'tie'. Graceful & beautiful yet business savvy. That's our #Flotus!
I wonder how much this cost the taxpayers. Keep drinking your kool aid
If you bothered to read #realnews, you'd know @FLOTUS doesn't pay designer prices to look as gracious & beautiful as she does. She's not a #liberal #feminist!
She is a stripper
She WAS a model and I was a pornstar. Your point?
I guess you and Melania have your porn background in common.
Did Justin teach Donald how a real leader acts?
Excuse me - but a real leader keeps his campaign promises. He has a majority!
Agree, the majority of White Supremacists, Neo-Nazi's, racists, and misogynists support him (along with a majority of dotards . . .)
I remember this article!  #MAGA @POTUS @seanhannity @PressSec
Why are you even on #Twitter
Please don’t tweet anything to me! I will find out how to block you and anyone associated with your father!
Simpletons pang worldwide! King David was found dead of sinful truths, lingering as a butt sniffer. Graves vowed of slivered walks seeking.
The trump love story to be continued.    https://www.facebook.com/TheView/videos/10154505764421524/ …
The elegance of youthful First Ladies is on display no Hollywood celebrities can compete...

Give it 6 hours, even Canada will hate us. Thanks again rednecks!
Great Lakes loves you, FLOTUS!  Most beautiful, stylish, intellectual, multilingual FLOTUS ever!
How gay is Trudeau though?
Why do you want to know?... unless you are secretly in love with him or have feelings for him; you wont be asking that question
Seriously, what has Melanija Knaves Trump ever done productive in her life?
 FLTOUS MELANIA
Justin is hot, yes? 
And SO much smarter, cooler, and kinder than the old man.
(And YOU'RE still young & attractive! Ditch that asshole!)
I wanted to share this with you, I think you practice this. Be slow to speak and be slow to get angry.I know the battles have already been .
Divorce @POTUS and you will be a hero.
You look beautiful and very classy. Wish some of that would rub off on that hubbie of yours
Thank you for being our flotilla you have brought back pride to America
Dear FLOTUS, You & POTUS are amazing great & good people.You are down to earth wonderful people. I'm proud of you as USA FLOTUS & POTUS
Beautiful  both
Hopefully they can teach you and your dumpster fire of a husband how to be decent people
Thank you for including me . Looked like a very nice visit !
Please, do something to calm Donald down! He is out of control!
Questioning your character? ???
@melaniaTrump This man is amazing! Former West Point instructor and talks about the history behind all of our flags! Touches my heart!
God bless  America
Everyone laughs at your stupidity. The first hoe.
To be fair Melanie is better at tweeting than Donald, much better
Thanks it is agood one both 
I AM very happy
you r   doing great job.
You seem like a good soul, why would you settle for less.  You deserve better, don’t sell your soul to hm.
Pretty  lady Mrs. @FLOTUS
Awe, looks like a play date for baby Donny!
Build a wall on the Canadian border.  That is how the terrorists are getting in..

He thinks your paid hubby is a joke just like the vast majority of Americans.
They laugh at you and your Pervy Hub!
PS they hate you!
@FLOTUS Wonderful news on the Canadian hostage release!
Love you. God bless you our God fearing caring first lady!
The DUMP is so lucky to have beautiful Melania by his side. Now she is the only positive thing to come from this appalling administration.
After JTruds dropped his ball sack right on your desk and told you what he wanted
Maybe the President can talk some sense into him. He's ruining his country with immigration.
Are we sure that she isn't sending a coded message to the Trudeaus that she wants asylum?  #drumpf, #orangeskinnedpussygrabber

Proud to have the Classiest, most Intelligent and Gracious woman in the world as our FLOTUS.  Thank you Melania for all you do to MAGA
Praying that Nafta will stay
Wish Trump ran our country! Our drama teacher / PM is running out country into the ground. Alberta 51st state?
No you don’t.  Trump is the biggest drama queen and it is all that he creates.  Very sadistic man-child 
This must've been quite a turn on for Meme. Will you be having a catfight with Ivanka over Justin, float us?
I hope they build a wall to keep you out, the would be hilarious
it is better you try to your family learning history # persiangolf
Images that puke are made of.
It is a matter of patriotic pride to see our First Couple representing our country  with strength  and confidence. God bless your family!
Melanie was a gold-digging B-list model who unfortunately for her and us ended up as FLOTUS. Terrified of Trump she'll remain mute,sad,empty
"Mrs. Trudeau" has a name!It is Sophie Grégoire. Just because u allow u'rself to be oppressed and objectified don't assume every woman is so
It's called RESPECT... apparently you've had no HOME TRAINING...
It is called EMANCIPATION & clearly like Trump you know nothing about it or Canada.We do not use 'Mrs.' anymore & we don't take a man's name
All you want to do is destroy anything Barack did .
@FLOTUS ah, Ivanka not playing First Lady this time? I bet she's fuming 
This is how you rock a pants suit
Post your naked pics....disgraceful
Did you have colouring books left out for Trudeau to keep busy?
Nice Job FLOTUS!!!!
that is my only hope and they are all retarded ok
"All politicians, stop! You don't get the right way!
You are rolling the bad wheel and idea. Stop now and read my book!Than think."
B.P.Anya
Mrs. Trudeau looks so short next to you :)
you need to run for POTUS after 8 years :)
Amazing 1st Lady
Will you just divorce him already?
Does this mean @realDonaldTrump  is gonna stop shit talking @JustinTrudeau  on Twitter??
I am glad to see relations between Canada and the usa warming again , the are our closest neighbors besides Mexico.
Give us a break.
I'm wishing travelling Amerka to work 
Can you help me please?

Was there any discussion of lessening restrictions for Americans immigrating to Canada? Asking for a friend
Cut- okay Donald lets move to scene 3 where you give that presidential look into the camera.
yes, believe it 


Are you planning any nude lesbian photo shoots in the whitehouse? That would be hot!
Donnie, pay attention to Justin. You could learn something about class, intelligence, and leadership.
 Really? Satire.. Right?
Sadly, no, it is not satire. Trump is a joke and an embarrassment to the US.
Well sadly you are very wrong he's turning out to be an excellent president & a true leader his strength & intelligenceWell u could use some
Doesn't deserve a response.  Delusional or just blind.
Delusional you just don't have a reply you can't match me fake news and I have the truth so so go ahead and I admit it I left you speechless
Such trash in the WH and I am not talking about the Trudeau's.
Is he giving you your monthly leadership and how to get a country to like you classes?  Please listen carefully and don’t interrupt
We need You. Only you know the complete truth. Help us Melania
Scrutety and Scrutety to the content to the nation that issue Wiman and kids a self working investment uman rights Wimans rights
I believe that our first lady is far prettier!
Hi Malania 
Trudeau thinks he is gonna 'take' USA w/ terrorist help...but is them using him to 'take' USA.  How do you be so calm in front of them..? lu
Was your husband not there?
Sweetie, #WTF do you know about "productive meetings"? Leave the statecraft to professionals like #PresidentKushner


I'm proud of you and it doesn't hurt that you are pretty too.
Try using your own words and voice, as it's obvious this is just another mouthpiece account for the cheetoh-in-chief!
Nice to see real leadership in the White House...
You enable a predator.
3. Ninni Laaksonen, former Miss Finland. “Trump stood right next to me and suddenly he squeezed my butt” in July 2006.
Sore loser
