Support what, all he did was say some words.  No action is being taken. What's his encore,  Just Say No part II..
Please get your husband to fire Mueller before he ruins the best President and First Lady we have had yet!  Maybe he wii lissren to you!
It was 20 years ago .
Compare this to Obama giving hundreds of pardons to drug dealers. The bigger crisis in this country is this moronic leftist movement.
Sure #bot @TwitterSupport please suspend @Eugene_prestimo it is a #bot #fakeaccount
How about they suspend your account instead
The only thing that bothers me about this is the people that truly need it like myself having a liver transplant
I know a person that would restructure the VA hospital services and care and, be a positive outlook for the future of structured quality service for our veterans..

Melania are there retweets a cry for help??
When you suffer a serious and debilitating accident with injuries that worsen with time, then & only then talk to me about an opioid crisis
You are a great speaker! Polished. So proud of our First Lady. You do all things well. We are grateful for you! Elegant. Brilliant. Stunning
Please get your husband to fire Mueller. He just made a poor decission with Sessions. Talk him into it for Barons sake. We want him to go down as one of the best presidents for his kids and our sake. Such a disgrace of whats' on his shoulders.

Your Awesome ! 
IMHO if you're going to declare war on something declare war on pain rather than war against painkillers.  Almost half of American adults have some form of chronic pain and limiting our ability to get painkillers is not the answer.
How is the #cyberbullying campaign going?
If it's such a crisis, why no funding to help stop it?
It's a great first step declaring it a crisis, but what good does that do if there is no funding provided to counter the effects?  Please do more!
AGAIN, THE CONGRESS CREATES LEGISLATION AS WELL AS APPROPRIATES FUNDS! THIS ACTION WILL INITIATE THAT!
Then Conway says best answere to an addiction is not to start in the first place
THAT POINTS TO THE BREAKDOWN IN OUR CULTURE THANKS TO 8 YRS OF BO. 
Why is everything Obama's fault.  He didn't make people use.  Don't forget how much golf POTUS plays.
Why isn't everything politically his fault???He spent his first term blaming Bush, he had 8 yrs & he made EVERYTHING MUCH WORSE...
Also a public health emergency is letting CHIP expire, destroying the ACA, cutting funding to Medicaid, and taking away reprod.rights.
... tax dollars have been drained from our Treasury so that your husband can have his 3 day weekends each & every week at the properties...
To bad nobody thinks about the extra stress put on those with chronic pain who need opioids to operate in society. You don't care about me.
Great man, fantastic President!
Nice
You cannot be proud of yourself
Purdue Pharma
Endo Health 
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Cephalon
Johnson & Johnson and subsidiary Janssen Pharmaceuticals
Allergan
They should continue in their silence now! Why is this a crisis now! Addiction wasn't important then, so not important now, in my opinion.
Then he should stop cutting funding for public health services.
No they should not give our people's public http://health.services  to all the REFUGEES THAT.GET ALL TO SEND IT.TO CUBA
Sadly, I'm not surprised at the people that think this way anymore.
They are self motivated and self serving, with very little if any empathy for the plight of others.
Self motivated?... Just go and live in that island. Only the elite and the foreigners have rights. What http://do.you  know?
Well what do you know???
Yes i know
Great speech. We are proud of you and your work #Maga
Thank God someone is going to address this horrific epidemic sweeping our nation and taking so many lives!  I salute you POTUS!
How is this a happy occasion?
Don’t be so sure there needs to be money funded for it still
Only bc suburban and weathy whites are increasingly getting hooked on them

Thank you for your real life, meaningful introduction today.
Exciting..
Not!
Ssorry 4 white Amer's opioid addict, hard 2 find sympathy, when blk & brown ppl were dying in the 80's w/crack, sick babies, WH was silent!
He's such a liar and an aweful man!
Damn, you’re as vacant as you look! It’s been 9 months, nothing of substance from you or the #Dotard45 that you’re married to. Go away.
He's ur husband u have to or else
Just imagine how proud you’ll be when he does something that’s actually meaningful!
I hate Trump as much as the next guy, but how is this not meaningful?
It is, people just dont want to give him credit for ANYTHING! Its called spitefulness
Signing a paper is meaningless unless there is a plan and financial support which he cut. Nancy Reagan just said no & it didn't work either
Do you know that there is no plan and financial support?
He did offer up use of the public health emergency fund....it has $57000 in hit. May as well hand the addict a penny
So we should keep feeding addicts addictive drugs?
If they're removed from the market, they cant get them from their doctor
Proud of both of you!
Proud of what ??? Just one thing !

empty gesture with no funding
May God continue to bless, guide, & protect you and your family.  Thank you for being the strong woman behind our great President! 
grave condicion que vulnera la Sociedad,se debe reestablecer los valores de integracion familiar,escolar ,y social
what about sexual assault crisis Melania??
But what is he actually doing about it?
Your "man" •Donald• is the Crisis and the cause of our nation's recent increase in illicit drug use.
Haters on Trump will keep on hating no matter what., even if he does something they’d like, if it were someone else doing it.
I call it an attack on our youth. Tons of drugs from across the border. Just look at the spike of overdoses during the Obama administration
Hi hen why not fund enough money for the program
You need to limit his meds then .

https://youtu.be/paMzF1lnwGg   Carrie Underwood's song is fitting for the mission ahead
I declare your husband our nation's crisis & public health emergency.
I am NOT joking. I am as serious as a porn star in the WH.
#MadAsHell
You preferred the Mooch
Love you so much First Lady Obama
Yeah Michelle Obama a real jewel - name one thing she did for the people in 8 years- you can't lol
She did nothing for you because you love to hate fool.
"Hate speech" is a Marxist tactic to shut down dialogue. I U disagree, you just yell out "hate speech..." Its weakness
I'm proud to say I voted for your Husband. He is trying to do proper things. opioid addiction is serious. We all need to pray for U.S.A.
Prayer has never sorted any political issue, nor will it. If your country is so good, why does it need prayer?
It’s so good because of prayer. How about yours?
I read that Abraham Lincoln was seen & heard by staff praying on his knees. He apparently  said: I don't know how to lead these people.
One of my favorite movies is "Glory"
Gos bless you Melania!
So proud to have you and Mr Trump represent our country in the White House. LEADERS
We are sooooo proud of our @FLOTUS and look forward to all you will do to help #MAGA (Early but #HappyHalloween too!!) 
Wow the miracles of surgery, makeuo, hair extensions & hair dye! Evidently brain surgery doesnt exist for ppl like Moronia.
You are always so http://proud.you  are the biggest behind kisser I’ve ever seen believe me when 45 is out you will be too.who had to tell 45 about opioid problem did someone read an item to him since he doesn’t read  by himself
Long awaited recognition of the destruction that opioid addiction is causing in our Country. lost my son to Heroin/phent overdose. His addiction started with prescription medicine for a back injury. This has about destroyed our family. It breaks my heart. #twodifferentshoes
use marijuana as a gateway away from opiods. not medicinally for everything, just opiate addiction on a national basis. quick first step to battle opiate addiction.
It doesn’t
Mr. President,                                     Will you share what is happening with this issue you’ve declared to be in a state of emergency?  How will this #EPIDEMIC be resolved?  Do we need more scientific research?  Do we need new therapies? Eager to see us succeed.
Oh, Sweetie.  It was already a crisis.  We don’t need him to declare it as such. We need him to DO something about it. You know, ACTIONS!
Too bad your cheating husband cut funding for the opioid crisis. Your words are empty.
But then @realDonaldTrump cuts funding for Opioid Addiction Program by 95% #TrumpnotLeader
http://usa.news-store.com/hp-laptops-found-to-have-hidden-keylogger/ …
Ok, he declares a crisis. The problem is to fix it, there needs to be regulations and her husband is/has ending those. didn’t he tell her?
Why not have people who know what they are doing involved in leadership roles ?
What a novel idea.  It will be a tremendous change, however. In the meantime, we have many other important issues to turn to. I don’t seek to be this busy. But , life today, yes?
Did he actually put in writing this time?

This is so much more important than who uses what bathroom!!! Thank you Mr President
That means Nothing unless you put funding behind it. Wake up Melania!! # opioid crises.
"Just say no," and throw them in the trash are not plans!!!!
Oh aren't you just the best- duh. He is our crisis
Here’s a crisis: #FreeRosa
Declaring an emergency & doing something about it R 2 entirely different things. we can toss this on the growing heap of broken promises.
Wow, most of those people look like they DON'T want to be there w/him. Ewwww!
Now if he could eliminate the Hippa Law that will save a lot of lives.
Here honey, fixed it for ya ...
Refuse dopes need to get a life.
Thank you beautiful and ellogant First Lady
Dear sir, you are doing a great job.praying for http://you.lol 
Can you now stop him from bullying on Twitter, then you can really be proud
It will get worse til he’s gone.
Which does nothing to actually help the crisis
I agree, @flotus, but you also supported @realDonaldTrump conspiracy of Obama’s not being a citizen. You lost support then.
God bless you both
Amazing how low public schools have are. What happened to civics classes? Who's teaching the constitution & the rolls the 3 branches play?
GET MANIAC TRUMP OUT  WHILE WE STILL HAVE A COUNTRY!!
@FLOTUS is a Great #FirstLady
thank God We have a president that understands 
We are very very proud of our First Family! 
Your place should not be in the WH.   Leave and take the adult child with you.
Stats say people OD on illegal opioids much more than rx ones. This is going to torture many who live in chronic pain.
Why is the Trumps campaign company white fish charging 354 dollars an hr to help PR
How will they fight this without hurting the legitimate pain sufferers?
Whoever opposes this did not watch what he's doing. It's going to be a huge step in defeating this terrible epidemic. Plz just stop hating!
Hahaha back to the whore house with you
@realDonaldTrump declariation w/ no $ attached is like seeing a starving man n telling him u'll b thinking of him during your next meal

Handing out NARCAN encourages even MORE risky behavior=more ODs due 2 govt "helping".Can lead addicts2 rehab but can't make it stick.
I guess it’s damned if you do and damned if you don’t!
As if we didn't know this already, how about doing something about it, anyone can make the crisis statement!
Your a failure at this... you just don’t get it!... u Melania u don’t represent r country..
https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/reveal/id886009669?mt=2&i=1000393808174 … - Good listening for the opioid crisis!
And, we kno that behind EVERY great Man, is an even more exceptional Woman!!  We’re proud if U!!  
All you have to do is count the number of pills they are selling to know that things are seriously out of whack.
I give up!!  Soon, iPhone is going in the Ocean!!  
What support did you provide?
Proud of our First Lady & her husband President Trump
Remember his initial budget proposal cut funding from the office of natural drug control policy?
Wonderful
Time for a class ACTION LAWSUIT aimed at OPIOID DRUG companies..they should be funding peoples treatment...thry are negligent and profitted.
...sadly didn’t realize that the young actors speaking were using cocaine & other drugs-were heart breakingly addicts-the whole time /3
Agreed, thank you Mr President Trump doing what you say
Wow you can write so write a check to back it up
How about #stillbirth. 1 in 160 babies die before they are born. Why are these little ones who have no chance not as important as an addict?
Hope are the ones with the problem going to get the help they need #rehabs when you cut insurance supplements
Love your 's!!
Stop the Afghan opiod war supporting big pharma and creating this pseudo crisis
You and Melania are doing a great job President Donald Trump.
Thank you our first lady mrs melania thank you mr. President Donald Trump thank you all American families and friends great job done
Awesome...all liberals on here are trolls! What a great @potus we all have. Libs should be thankful
There is problems to be sure, but there are those that have legitimate needs and now are being denied and stigmatized. Would love to discuss
So thankful for this declaration!!  Opioid use is killing our youth!!
Amen! That'll solve EVERYTHING! #MAGA 
So important.
Meanwhile we have a mental health crisis in America.
How can you be proud of anything the liar does?
Hypocritical much?  And how's that cyber bulling thing going? Hope you start with your moronic cyber bullying hubby.  Ewwww
While gutting Medicaid and funding for mental illness. No funding for this “emergency” either. Pathetic.
الحل هو علاج المدمنين  عودتهم للمجتمع
Good for you, dear.
Don't end the opioid crisis before giving members of the HRC clan a handful to chill out !
What do you do... besides where shades
But will he follow up and will something actually get done? It means also holding the drug companies responsible.
#FLOTUS #MAGNIFICENTMELANIA #Trump #POTUS #MAGA
Just remember, your husband is a bully. You're taking on the task of anti bulling. What a hell of a mess!!
So hope this saves family from going through what the Bolling family & many others have to endure
He's a joke
This is so excellent. Thank you!! I lost both my brother and sister in law to drugs... so thank you for fighting this evil.
We are all proud of the President, every day!  @POTUS
Why do people think it is up to our government to take care of them? Entitlements, that's how we got into this mess. No one takes care of me

UR Both criminal
Like pay a stipend to snowflakes maybe?

It's drug addiction plain, simple regardless of race or class. Stop supporting ignorance & stupidity.
Nice. Now Open Gucci Bag, Reach got Prada Wallet,...Strike a Pose!
#presidentmoron #draftdodgerdonald #presidentrapist #presidenttweeterdumb #presidentpussygrabber #lyingdonaldtrump #orangeisthenewevil #JAIL
What he said means absolutely ZIP! NO $ TO SUPPORT ACTION. HAS TO KEEP THAT $ FOR HIMSELF! The "War on Drugs" NEVER WORKED. PRISON EITHER!
“There is a fund associated with public health emergencies. That fund is empty...”
Oh blah blah. He isn't doing anything to help these people. He's  cutting funding and taking away medical coverage.
Old news. Catch up
