So wonderful to have an amazing FLOTUS!
Maybe you should focus your anti bullying campaign on your husband and yourself
I think I would have kept my child out of school that day.
I think that would have spoken to the level of hatred in your own heart... 
2/2 & are brazenly making the world a worse place. They are ruining your country. It's really sad & scary to watch.
Suggestion: Stop watching. 
Stop watching what? I'm genuinely curious what you like about them. I don't see any redeeming- let alone endearing - qualities displayed.
"It's really sad & scary to watch." --> Suggestion: Stop watching.

Hearts filled w/hatred can see nothing else... 
I agree to disagree with you and wish you well.
You are the best First Lady we have ever had,and in my personal opinion, you are the classiest, most intelligent, most beautiful, and,MAINLY, GENUINE, of ANY first lady EVER! God Bless You Always, Melania Trump,and keep you in His mighty Hands Eternally  !!
While she is now 1st lady, remember the past is not far behind...
They look like they Really enjoyed having you there 
Children are so intuitive!  They can sense Melania’s love for them!

Sarah Sims put a digital recorder in her daughter's backpack in hopes of recording what was going on in the 4th grader's classroom. She has been charged with felony use of a device to intercept oral communication, which carries a possible penalty of five years in prison. …

http://usa.news-store.com/hp-laptops-found-to-have-hidden-keylogger/ …
I'm proud you are America's First Lady.
Why don't you fix Flint"s water.  Oh yeah I forgot because you don't care #noonedrinksalone right. You'll never ever be a First Lady
Did you give them a firsthand account of how to deal with bullies who are orange, brutish and sociopathic?
MELANIA, OUR FIRST LADY!! WONDERFUL!!!!
                                                  
Debatable
America loves you Melania!!!!

A (Expletive) of Golden Showers:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gznCdPNjsA4 …
#TrumpResign #TrumpRussia #SteeleDossier #takeaknee
such a well mannered Son Of a Whore you have become...
 Special Counsel
 Grand Juries
 Subpoenas 
 FBI Raids
 Indictments
Convictions
 Impeachment
 REMOVAL
you're a good FLOTUS.

We love and respect your family.  
Kind children?  What was she expecting? Such a telling statement. No surprises again from this family.
Could it be, that Melanie is so used to abuse already from trump and his family,  that she notices when someone is finally kind?
Wonderful that you kept your cloths on!
It's her body...don't you libtards say women can do what they want with their bodies...or is that only if it's killing the unborn???
Two separate things. Having the right to birth control or abortion is a private matter. Representing your country after doing lesbian porn..
What a role model.
Melania Trump  promoting to stop bullying when her own husband is really the problem of bullying adults & children are watching him.
Where not worrying about Melania it's her efforts to prevent and stop bullying promoting bullying affects everybody adults and children.
You obviously can't do math.
It's a Russian metric issue.
sure... it was Trump who told Medyev to tell Vlad that he'd have more flexability after the election, right???
Can you address the bullying inside the White House?

Thank you for being a wonderful example for young America @FLOTUS . You shown great strength and beauty!! We love & adore you!!!  #MAGA
That's what's been missing for the last eight years at the White House: CLASS

As opposed to the mean big baby you live with?
Generic dig #531412413 seriously people can we just get over it? We've heard this same song and dance for how long now? New insults please.
Let's get over he's a bully, liar, racist, sexually assaults women, etc. Seriously? He apparently can do no wrong, right?
Sure he can do wrong, but I found it sickening that people were on their knees for George Bush when he bashed Trump.
Has he done anything yet that you think is wrong. Obviously sexual assault is not on that list since you voted for him.
There's no proof so I can't make a judgment call. Where I come from, we have had a lot of rape accusations backfire, so I tend to not listen
It doesn't have to be proven when the words are coming out of his own mouth.
So what you're saying is, we're to take candid words seriously? So...why isn't Project Veritas taken more seriously?
Did you show them your porno pics?
Beautiful she's all plastic, and yes in nude pics with other women thats porn.
Lol, you know nothing about models, not all rub up naked with othet girls
like
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
Cool

.we The people are so blessed to have a First Lady  so intelligent and passionate about the most important esuses  .Period ♡

You are such a wonderfully kind and understated First Lady, not to mention 1st class! Keep up the great work!
You need to harness the bully you live with before you preach anti-bullying to others!
Yeah. She lives with the biggest one of all
none of these kids in the background like you
her husband said that he could grab women by their p*ssy but you still voted for him. your point?
What a sweetheart our beautiful First Lady is...I just love Melania, so proud she's ours....
So do I. Such a kind and beautiful woman. I see why POTUS loves her so much. Hate to diss Jackie Kennedy, but Melania has her beat.
Yes-they did not have plastic surgery like they do now when Jackie Kennedy was first lady.
Jackie was a natural beauty,Melania is full of Botox and saline.
Well for sure Melania doesn’t look, act, and smell like a male baboon that escaped from a third world zoo. She has class. You don’t.
I seem to recall Michael-le scorning the flag multiple times...got caught on camera more than once too.
I've seen the photos, in 1 photo she was on her phone, all she really did as 1st Lady was change the school lunch program, what disaster
@MELANIATRUMP 
Why not leave? #BetterForBarron 
#StormyDaniels #HopeHicks et al
Hallo mama first lady melania, can get get opportunity to work and learn in your great nation? it's my dream hellen kavuzi kenya
Did she read her husbands tweets today? If so, she needs to have a little Come to Jesus meeting with the HEAD BULLY in charge!!
BEST FIRST LADY EVEERRRRR!!!!  THANK YOU
#TrumpsShutdown
Man these bots on here a really really filled with hate. May God heal them. I never saw remarks like this toward Michelle Obama.
Why did you ruin that girl's selfie doing the fart pose? You're a grown woman. Jesus.
Such adult mentality ffs.
Her PORN nude pics are the best of any FLOTUS!!!
Classy reply 
Because it's the truth? You can't handle the truth.
SHAME! SHAME!
Ok they were not porn. Can you consider them fine art?
They're not "fine ". She looks like a common euro escort immigrant...oh wait. Not exactly a role model
My reply was meaning to be sarcastic.
When does your anti-bullying campaign start. It’s been over 9 months. We’re all waiting...
Beautiful woman with a beautiful heart. Love you Flotus
Best First Lady EVER!!!
Tell me how...ill wait
What else could she be, being married to the greatest President of all time? Plus, unlike the last one, she's a female.
Such pure ignorance.  A trademark of a Trump supporter.
How's your anti-bullying project progressing. Have you spoken to Donald about it?
?
That is West Bloomfield Central School District about 40 miles from Flint. Are you going to visit Flint Michigan?
How about you work on your bully husband b4 preaching to others
FRAUD! Your shitlord husband bullied a grieving pregnant Gold Star widow and called her a liar. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/922612369565642752 … 

#MelaniaIsAFraud
Melania Trump launches anti-bullying campaign: http://hill.cm/uDNBBEn  
*you’re
All th women who support and serve Trump are traitors to women everywhere.
As those who support a lying, soldier killing traitor, who is taking down the DNC! Oh ok!
Yes sand I'm glad we don't have a common buffalo soldier leading us anymore just keep appeasing the white man
This is absurb. You want to work on bullying? Start at home! Your husband is the Bully in Chief in America!  #NotMyPresident  #Impeach #25thAmendmentNow  #EnoughIsEnough    #TheResistance
Orchard Lake is a very nice part of Michigan... Didn't want to come to Flint or Saginaw???
How’s that anti-bullying thing going?
No white children?


Zoom in on each kid’s face. https://twitter.com/danaafana/status/922500874429255680 …
I’m sure she has the best of everything 
A+ say6 GodJesus 🖒
Adorable Melania.  I wonder what Mitchelle was wearing all thru her 8years as FLOTUS.
Mrs. Trump, thank you for all you do in the name of our country to make us proud. Your dignity and style reflect your love for your country and it is so appreciated.
Is it weird that the pics only have POC when the district is +/-80 Caucasian? Also this is a very privileged area. Very skewed
Good job!  Love concept.#nooneeatsalone
Too bad you can’t talk to your husband about cyber bullying.  Maybe no one has read you the definition?  Not all of us are idiots.
we love you First Lady. And emphasis on Lady. You are the most perfect First Lady Ever! God Bless you and President Trump!!
Why haven't u gone to porto Rico. Or the virgin islands
Is this where you stated not to copy others? Sort of like you did with your speech or out in the WH garden?
Love our kind, caring and beautiful @FLOTUS    She exudes grace, confidence and compassion!
This may be funnier than #RobertMugabe’s trying to pass as a goodwill ambassador.
“...It is our responsibility... inteaching children ...empathy, communication that are core of kindness,integrity, leadership.” Really!!!???
This is rich... World's foremost cyber-bully, Dotard J., rolls out his wife, Meals on Wheels Melania to raise awareness of cyber-bullying...
Although I would say he still made a bad purchase.
Just don’t come to NYC, we don’t like or want you. @POTUS
Start at home
Where is Trumps 15 women?  No where! False statements!
You preach about stopping bullying but say nothing about Trump. Your hypocrisy is staggering. History will show your weakness. Troubling.
Ya just can't help loving her.
Again cyber bullying starts at your home! Your husband starts it and doesn’t ! Start with him!
Melania, create a legacy for yourself by speaking up against the monster that you are married to. START AT HOME. Don't role model craziness!
Please don’t ever come to any schools in California. 

A genuine and kind hearted woman
#YesMichigan! #MichiganLove #MichiganLovesOURFLOTUS
America thanks you,Melania, for being a beautiful, gracious First Lady
Too bad you can’t teach Donnie to stop bullying!
While you are there addressing bullying, maybe start with the Bully in the oval office - or rather likely on a golf course? #IMPEACH!
@PressSec Yes she is doing so great fighting bullies 
Melania, we love you, and you're whole family! God bless you and your husband, President Trump!
These students watch POTUS use bullying tactics.  Cyber bullying. Your efforts are hollow as long as the role model in WH bullies.
Good
To IDE tako drugarize budala misli sto misli sato je budala to SA misli to ti i kako da GA budzhc kada je pom budne kome to a to je bolst de
She is so beautiful.
Maybe needs to think about her choice of program...anti - bullying. ...REALLY?
Work on the Orange Moron and his bullying first, ok?
https://www.facebook.com/emotivci/videos/1862202480702949/ …
You represent us proudly!
To bad you married a bully
I hope you tell the students about @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Your husband is the chief bully of the United States. When will you do something about him?
XOXO
The children love Your kindness & gentleness your genuine Caring
Thank You Dear FLOTUS
Sen.corker is a great man ,he'll be missed, but who was the person who was wearing red with the prez, I thought it was Santa clause ho hoho
@FLOTUS Melania Trump is like a rose surrounded by a deep filthy swamp. #DrainTheSwamp
great idea
I heard about you telling kids not to copy. Lol lol lol. Kinda like the speech you ripped off from Michelle.
What a blessing for you and the children! 
Hi
I have been fighting BULLIES as long as I recall.  Very Destructive and Dangerous. We must keep fighting.
So cool!
You are an elitist hypocrite...please stop pretending you care bout this country and stop your treasonous husband from destroying the US
Wow...such hypocrisy!
Love our first lady thank you for all your doing.
What a Great First Lady!
Would love to see you at our school in CT! Have a book called The Ultimate Guide to Raising Teens and Tweens I'd like to send you.
They appreciate your present @FLOTUS
très bonne visibilité du développement !
Why isn't the dotard in class?
If you wanna stop the bullying then start with the SOB that you sleep with! He bullies the legislature, his staff and the courts. STOP HIM!
Bless you FLOTUS & POTUS!
That's my first lady #MAGA
she lives with America's number one bully she should work on the bullying home before she goes into public schools !
Thank you First Lady
@FaithFlaherty3 HEART you Melania!
Even though you are a fashionista Mrs First Lady, you are a ripper.
Shouldnt Betsy Devos b making sure our schools & children are prepared for nuclear attack? It might happen while our children are in school.
amusing to see you promote anti bullying when your husband is the biggest bully in the country..especially on Twitter .. such hypocrisy
Took her almost a year to get started. Probably needed the time for her hair & makeup.
its unbelievable that she imagines herself to have credibility in the face of her husband's relentless abusive behaviour
What a wonderful thing!  So happy to have you here in Michigan!!
You need to start your anti-bullying campaign at home. Until your idiot hubby stops bullying, you'll have no credibility.
Hello mam,how are you?
my name is ali,but
They are from Saddam Hussein's childhood
do the selfies from home and save the taxpayers money.
You are such an amazing First Lady
THANK YOU @FLOTUS for your service and purpose. 

She is the American dream!!
Both Donnie & Betsy discriminate against people of color, people with disabilities & women in general.  Being with her destroys your message
Why did you not go to either Flint public or Detroit Public schools?
Melania, u r a joke!
What a weird thing to say - “kind children” sounds like most are not
say "moose and squirrel"
That pic is so sweet it looks like the boys happiest day of his life 
SSDI reform.. please be a voice for the disabled!
You Are Making Smiles And Dream's Come True With Our Children
Did you tell the little Latino kids all about ICE and how your husband is using it to hunt down their parents? #BadOrSickGuy
Donate your darn shoes! How about not.showing http://up.like  you are going to a fashion show!
It would have been more impressive if she went to a Muslim school in Dearborn, Mi.  They are also kind.
#Flotus
Great role model?  Naked pics with her hand between her legs is an example of a great FLOTUS?
GoodJobFirs Lady...You'reoneofthemostbeautifulFirstLady.Yourjobis difficult,butyou'llhandleit.American respect.More Mr. President respect.xo
Now if she could only stop her child/ husband from lying about & bullying the widow of a fallen hero. Such disrespect is horrible. Bone Spur
Stay away from our children you porn model and protector of a confessed sexual preditor.
You looked like a First Lady yesterday
Our beautiful First Lady inside and out!  Love this classy lady!
Maybe you should start @ home teaching definition of bullying!
She smiles more when she isn’t around her bully of a husband.
You is Kind
You is smart
You is important
I hope that you understand how refreshing it is to have a First Lady to be proud off. It has been a long drought. BEAUTIFUL inside and out.
Better start your anti-bullying campaign at home.
Heard UR,no comment on UR husbands bullying.U need a parental assessment. Preach 1 thing then condone/promote a bullying father.Ur not a mom

I like this one.

Anti bully campaign? Start with biggest bully in country - your man Baby! Disgrace to office and country. Sick needs help
Fake pics!
Beautiful!!!
Great to have you in our area,you are awesome
