We are doing well! Power is on we have all the supplies we need thanks to @POTUS and @FLOTUS for how well the disaster was handled
Awesome to hear! That's how it should be. Thank you for letting us know.
Here in West Palm Beach We are good A couple of palm trees some clean up but nothing we can't handle and supplies have been sent
Yeah!! I'm glad for u
Thank you
@FLOTUS I live about 10 min from your home we received minimal damage Thank God! It's like a miracle! The storm literally went around us
Thank you!!
Resign.... bahahaha...  nice try... you guys keep up the hysteria and you'll get him in 2020 as well
No way these garbage has to go it is Mueller time
Lol... from Russia to mueller
Kkk lover Neo nazi lover
That's so pathetic.. again... more prayers.. name calling isn't an intelligent argument
Never want to speak or have anything with you or any member your family again please unfriend me on everything
And no... I will not informed you because you disagree with me... that's no who I am
What good will a fly by will do to the poor affected people they need help not a visit from a Fake President
Really cuz I didn't see you post that when obama hugged that lady after sandy ... Michele did even go.. DJT donated money O?  Nah
Didn't even go... all the people affected say he's doing good but the snowflakes still melt
Thank you so much Melania. You're a beautiful FLOTUS inside and out. We love you 
Best @FLOTUS EVER ! You make us so proud 
What world are you living in???

Did Obama fly out anywhere when disaster struck ? Nope he was too busy golfing to notice.. Go Trump
You're a Jovi girl, not a proud girl.  Not too many proud females support trump.  See, he insults women...disrepects them...do your homework
I'm also canadian lol
Very few Canadians support Trump. ..coming from a fellow Canadian
So what if I support trump ? Why does it bother everybody
Barnum and Bailey said it best..." there's a sucker born every minute "
Don't forget to wear your stillettos 
Another pep rally.
@TiffanyATrump buscando su justo muchos arcanjeles me han horado y redado @mormonchannel esperando el padre celestial amen...
Great
Please tell POTUS that a warmer climate makes these srorms worse. For my children and yours, must reverse global warming.
DPONIZIL do your research 6 of the top 10 worst hurricanes happened in the early 1900's before modern industry!! Most deadly Galveston 1900
Thank you !!
We love you! Thank you Melania!!
Don't forget the US territories of the Virgin Islands 
convince your husband climate change real ,so your son Barron and my son can have a healthy future .
Lady hurricanes are not a result of climate change even if it were there's nothing ucan do.climatehas been changing for thousands of years.
Oh yes!  Ocean warming, at least we can prevent of being huge massive storms like #Irma
OMG the ignorance of those who refuse to check facts and history. Many massive storms from way back on record
The scientific community they are far from ignorant .however,  I can't say the same for trump voters .
Can you explain the 1928 hurricane in fla that killed 2800+ people. Dubbed the lake Okeechobee hurricane?
Can you explain 3 hurricanes in one week ?? Florida being swallowed by the ocean ???
1st of all, it's hurricane season. That's what happens. Why do you have to have an explanation. We know very little about the (1)
So happy you are accompanying your husband to Fla!
Thank you our beloved and beautiful @FLOTUS may God continue to bless you and your family. Stilettos  onward!!
Thank you First Lady Melania. #HurricaneIrma
First lady of the world, why don't u fly to Yemen to see what has happening to people.
Love you 
God bless you and the POTUS!! God watch over all of you and protect you always.
Yeah. Okay.
All those people who help clear the wreckage on 9-11 now your husband want to deport them how dare he.Stop acting like your a real flotus
About time a President gets relief and acts quickly!
Are you wearing your Manolo heels again?
@FLOTUS and @POTUS You are the classiest and best First Lady EVER!  Keep up the great work, we are all behind you! #MAGA
The nude photo shoot was classy and fantastic, that I can tell you.
Are you one of these new feminists that think women should be ashamed of their bodies?
Nope, I'm not saying she should be ashamed. But I'm also not saying she can be accurately described as classy.
Why?

Florida dodged a bullet- not 1 life was off
What's the deal?
Trump International Beach Resort has asked for permission to hire foreign workers as housekeepers #TrumpFirst
https://www.buzzfeed.com/jessicagarrison/trump-beach-resort-wants-more-foreign-guest-workers?utm_term=.tiLMygRPK#.nvMkE9DMj …
@TiffanyATrump Arcanjeles han cumplido y han orado se han arrodillado para que usted cumpla con el pacto señor celestial sky.

Who gives a shit!  Start your promise to work on cyber bullying
Thank you for all you do. You are as beautiful on the inside as the outside and we love you for it! Keep up the good work.
If you don't just stay home and don't ever it is your function program is! Sit down girl! Bye Hope bout replace you Girl!
Don't forget the heels
Melania, you sure it's not fake news? how would you know?
We are concerned right with you!! Please let us know how we can help!
Then donate your billions.  #saveDACA you were an immigrant.  How is your paperwork
So sorry I'm sure this has all been very hard on you.  We take for granted you give up hope but we forget you are just human & need to cry 2
Thank you for your loving kindness. You are beautiful both inside and outside.

 Border Wall Design 
   Watch and Share 
         
https://youtu.be/3o0pi2nUGP4  
She came to this country illegally before she had a VISA. She should be deported with everyone else who has violated immigration law.
TRump would call her a loser! She has done nothing but attend a few ribbon cuttings and photo ops wearing her $58,000 jackets - flaunting
In America we say "damage" - not 'damages'.... so much to learn.

FLOTUS, remember the president is your husband.
You bring pride back to @WhiteHouse
High heel shoes perfect for floods-keep your feet elevated above water-Heels dig into ground preventing one from floating or blowing away
Meals on heels 
Thank you for everything that you do!   Your compassion, generosity and Christian heart is a gift to the American people. Godspeed!
I second that. We finally have a good President truly looking out for the people. FLOTUS is beautiful inside and out. Libs hate r so jealous
I just wish she didn't almost show her insides.
#FLOTUS dresses very conservatively, she is always immaculately attired.  I have never been more proud for how well she represents #USA.
I need your paperwork to even be in the USA. Your words mean nothing to any of us.
Finally you covered yourself up. Congratulations. No longer a nude model.
I feel so sorry for you
Where is your FLOTUS hat?
Lol.  Thanks for the help lol
Do you honestly care about flood victims? 911? Or is it all for show?
besos cuídese
Thank you most beautiful and graceful lady for all you do to represent our country with such dignity. We are so proud of you!
Melania you are just a wonderful first lady. You have brought dignity back to the white house!
You have no choice.
Hello, My name is Tina @ValentinaVjjack I think you are the nicest First Lady we've had since Jackie Kennedy. May God bless you.
Melania Trump continue the work you're doing. It is very much appreciated.The best first lady America ever had.God bless you and your family
What exactly has the @FLOTUS done that is so great?
Absolutely nothing!!!
Your gonna survey damage? lol
Thank-you!

Stay the he'll away! We don't want your trashy butts here. Go find s photo op somewhere else. 
You dont give a damn about those people. All you care about is money.
Hello first lady
Thank you! You are what a First Lady should be! We appreciate you and President Trump!  Beverly from Ocala, Florida
Go to Immokalee, Florida where devastation is complete and compelling. Do it right; go help the poorest Americans, not rich Marco/Naples.
They need help not concern.
Thank you. God bless both of you and your family.
Hope you and POTUS have a good time partying while you're at Mar Largo try to teach him some manners
Thank you so much for ur kindness Mrs. Trump. Please excuse all the ignorance towards u & Mr. Trump. They don't know GOD like we do.
Thank you!
We are well & have electric.  Some in Tampa not as fortunate, feeling Very blessed, could have been so much worse.  Thanks for prayers y'all
So great to have a classy lady in our WH love all of you
With high hills or flats?? Can't wait to see your style M!
You're certainly not concerned in your golden palace
Amen and God Bless You Our Beautiful (inside & out) Flotus
Oo OooA! Can I come? I'd like to "survey the damage" vs "Boots on the Ground" on actually helping. I mean "Heels on the Ground". Sorry.
Obviously you didn't write this Prostitute in chief in the white house
The answer---phase out fossil fuel. Stop global warming.
Many Blessing To you Both. God Bless America
God bless you and POTUS!    
Dear First Lady. Heartbreakingly you would have to go to Jax to Key West to Orlando to Tampa to all over parts of Florida so SAD
I hope she brings her heels!!
She will put on and take off as she did before
Tell me something....what exactly has she done to make her the best flotus??? Huh? WHAT was that?
@hrenee80 @POTUS thank you both for your selfless service to our great nation.  #MAGA
You keep being the First Lady of grace and dignity. We love you.
You know the drill.  Heels to the plane!!!  Then wow them onsite.
Have faith. Trump is the deal maker. He will do the right thing for America. #MAGA
Thank you

Should be a great photo op! Wear the Armani!
And after you survey the damages what will you do?  Don't wear stilettos, you might get your privileged toes wet.
Very proud of you. The president is a lucky man as are we for having you as flotus.
You need to stay home. You'll make more work, expend more resources than they can afford right now.
Remember when Michelle Obama announced Let's Move! to fight childhood obesity, then we never heard about it again? Me neither.
Actually, we heard about it a plenty. From planting healthy foods in the WH gardens, thousands of school caf initiatives,
And it was a very worthwhile cause. I wonder if anyone is actually going to champion anti-Cyberbullying?
Precisely. Remember No Child Left Behind....plenty got left behind...smart students who were bored waiting for others to catch up

Bush prog
You are a "Birther" You associate with white supremacists. Mueller is investigating your husband.
Love you FLOTUS!
No high heels please! Well you be visiting Puerto Rico?
Fly there and do what?
Get lost.
Yeah ight
Where's the $$$$$ Donald was supposed to have donated??
Thanks beautiful Melania.
He's no president of ours and your no lady! He's all mouth and so are You.U Immigrant who has no class at all. Who won illegally
Free Melania
@VP @POTUS Can you check to be sure all Senior people in managed facilities  are ok. No one cares about them. Thank you.
Who told you to tweet this?
Thank you for loving my country as much as I do! @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods @PrisonPlanet
pls put people of southeast Nigeria who are under siege by the military government of Nigeria in your prayers many now dead.
What will you wear???
how can we help with disaster relief? We're a UK electrical, plumbing & data firm. How can we get involved to help rebuild?
Please look into a retirement home where a hundred seniors were left to die in the heat. Sheriff found 6 dead, 1 on front lawn. Please Help!

Do you seriously any WH  duties besides $milling for the camera and wearing stilettos? Asking for a friend.
If you had half a brain you'd be flying as far away as possible from the Cheeto you married.
Fly safely Melania -
Leave the Manolos take the compassion.
God bless you both

Hilarious ......people call a goldigger anything but what she obviously is
Bring boots!!
Awesome We love you Mr and Mrs Trump...And mr.Pence
Puerto Rico? USVI?
Wear ur heels love u
It's bad in Houston and Florida and Calif on fire. Send God.
Oh are you still here no one really cares what you think anymore !
Good deci
Isn't it fun and novel for you to feign concern for regular people when you've not done a thing for anyone but yourself your whole life?
Make sure you bring that Birkin.
https://www.facebook.com/Earthjustice/posts/10159326309940301 … this is awful why ?
@julijasin POTUS Y FLOTUS
So sad.
 
Can't wait to see MT's designer clothes& stilettos touring the devastation from Irma in FL. Maybe  Mara-Lago can be shelter for unfortunate
We need electricity!! Thank you !!
Don't forget your "come fuck me" heels.
That's nice. Other than looking at the damages, what will you personally do to actually help?
Obama didn't"t care, he didn't"t do a darn thing   He was to busy playing golf, n spending our money,
Ur funny. Its been 8 months & now ur gonna do something? Leave the 5" stilettos at home this time. U looked ridiculous, silly. 2 clowns.
No, she's completely useless...like her husband.
Pres obama visited! Trumps on track in his first year to play more golf than Obama did in four years. Nice try
Hey Irma survivors! Trump is coming with his jet and personal army to check out the damages to his properties. Maybe you can get a pic.
Did you donate any cash? Nope!!!
Honored to work FOR FEMA
Best looking and classiest First Lady in my lifetime. Love and Respect for her and the Trumpster.
Because posing nude on a nasty old bed is classy... Thanks but no thanks 
Jealous much ?
About time we have a 1st lady in the WH who truly cares w what Americans are really suffering nd not wasting time on useless media hype!!!
@WhiteHouse  Did you figure which heels to wear to the devastated areas???   
Your appearance and support is greatly appreciated, we thank you.
Um thanks but can u leave POTUS at home
Sending prayers for all who has been impacted!
Or....this..
I admire Melania Trump!  What woman could better represent the USA?  Answer is  None!   You and POTUS represent America perfectly! I m proud
Don't forget your spiked heels! 
Thank you
Do not fly out. You will disrupt all the work needed to be done. Stay away, we don't need your false 'help' and shit.
God BLESS AMERICA & GOD BLESS YOU The President & your ENTIRE FAMILY ALSO! America is SO THANKFUL FOR ALL OF Wonderful People!!!!!
like you can type in English lol
Be safe Melania. for Floridians and your family. 
You being there will be a big help.
Texas Loves you First Lady! Melanie 2020
welcome Gracious First Lady.  Wish I could come see yall,  not safe though.
Will you go to ground zero and really deal or wear your stilettos from afar?
Stay strong @FLOTUS AND @POTUS
Kill 2 birds with one stone- look at Florida and check on mar a lago at the same time and we are paying for it all.
Keep doing the good work. God bless you always
