Our lovely and Great first lady @FLOTUS at great Wall of China,  nice picture First lady 
China is beautiful
No doubt. Nice country
I want to visit China but afraid of communist government.
T'would be nice to visit freely anywhere on the planet - as long as one took the garbage one tends to leave behind.  Will never understand human nature to do this. Fouling deserts, glaciers, climbing mountains.
Right, I want to visit all desert, forests, but there are some evil people and communist and Radical Islamic Terrorists are one of them.
Keep calm my friend. T’s security has been proven . Welcome to China. I’m waiting you in Beijing.
We don't need your photo shoots, your not a model anymore. You're first lady start acting like it and do something. How is the anti-bulling campaign going? You need to start with your husband who is the biggest bully of them all.
Notice how vile R women are? They've reduced @flotus to a Barbie doll - admired for looks and designer clothes only #sad Melania can do so much good but they don't care about that.
I always find it’s the brainwashed leftist that rip on POTUS & FLOTUS. They don’t realise the world thought USA had been degenerating and a laughing stock under corrupt democrats. Here’s the deal USA, the world supported the last presidency because they weakened the USA . Simple!
The boys will play when @flotus away... #DavidHorsey great American #VeteransDay #SaluteToService
Do you pay attention to the news? FLOTUS isn’t away, they’re away together. Making America great again. Your meme for Veterans Day makes me wonder about you.
It saddens me that there are people in America that treat their president this way. Those who do not respect a democratically elected leader that is fighting for their land, deserve no land or the brave that fight for it. First Nation Americans understand this. It’s shameful
I don’t think that term First Nation Americans means what you think it means.
And what do you think it means. Seeing that many don’t mind being called that, as opposed to some racist overtones based on skin colour which early settlers forced on them?
I honestly think shes a good woman, just married to the worst man in the planet
She is Not married to Obama, Dude.
All of the presidents lately have been complete shit, especially obama and trump, none of them use their power for good
So a strong economy isn't good?
Hhe aint doing it right
With the broke ass system he has to use, And the twisted criminals he has to work with. He has to get'er done any way he can. Getting it done is the main thing.
The US was not completely destroyed, obama had some good and some bad, trump has a pretty good start, since the economy was still one of the strongest, hopefully he makes good use of it soon, and isnt an ass to immigrants anymore, im not saying hes wrong, just to not be an ass
When has he ever been an "ass" to immigrants?
If you were a Democrate you would be on the cover of every fashion magazine.
Don’t forget to visit “Tajmahal” 
It was made because they feared Turks
you would do well in another country. You have nothing for America no role model  4 young girls, u promised to address bully 1 YR ??
All those people who love First lady, please write Great America 
Thank you for bringing grace and sophistication to the White House
忠于毛主席这几个字是亮点
Finally a First Lady who we can be proud of!!!! MAGA
I love your look  @FLOTUS

I hope to see it in person one day with my babies 
Awesome while our citizens in Puerto Rico wish they had at least one wall for s home.
You have brought class back to our Nation's House.
Beautiful pictures!
is that a section reserved for VIPs?
I hope @realDonaldTrump was inspired by the visit and begins production ou his great wall! We love you both so much!
Unforgettable memories are ,you graced China with class,elegance & beauty.
Hopefully soon we will have: The Great Wall of US!
#GreatWallofUS
Beautiful
Very nice!
Are you pregnant Mrs Trump 
Sweet
What a sweet first lady
Lol. Sweet porn star pretending to be the FLOTUS. Disgusting. Deplorable.
Didn't your mom teach you if you can't say anything nice don't say it at all
Nope. My mom told me to tell the truth. And stand for what’s right. And not to knowtow to BS. Next!
Fair enough, but we live in a world where nothing is perfect
Oh. Thank you. I didn’t know that. Please. Stop.
You got it
80% legs
beautiful
Beautiful!
You are so classically beautiful so proud you are FLOTUS!
Hallelujah. We will have a Wall like that soon. All around USA. And than we sweat in our own juice, while Rest of World is growing. #resist
Wow just beautiful
Beautiful pictures!
Go get the crazy one when you come back down please - you said you were going to take care of the Children - who paid for your vacation?
what are those???
Best @FLOTUS  in years !!! Sharp looking and classy ! I proud for our First Lady for first time in decade !
Everything turns into a fashion magazine style photo shoot. You are certainly beautiful but I like real people.
its alot steeper then it looks and hotter to been there
You are a sultan for yourself
WE LOVE YOU @FLOTUS!!! 
YES WE DO!!! Glad to see Fellow Trumpster from Oregon @shawgerald4 !!

Beautiful then, beautiful still.

Very Jackie-Oesque
Nice to see you first lady @FLOTUS on great Wall of China
Thank you 
.@POTUS get a quote from them to build our wall! 
“It is said that as many as 400,000 people died building the [Great Wall of China’s] construction; many of these workers were buried within the wall itself” (History Channel)
i’ll just keep copying and pasting what i said to someone else: not sure how this one went over your head. he wants us to “get a quote” from them about building OUR wall when building THEIR wall cost them hundreds of thousands of lives, some of which are allegedly IN the wall???
if this doesn’t make sense to you: if you feel the wall is an absolute necessity, perhaps we could strive for a deathless construction...
we’re not talking about the same thing really. i’m not throwing shade at present day china, the wall was built INSANELY long ago, so nobody today should ever be held accountable for that
but to joke around about how we should get a quote from china for building our wall isn’t going deeply enough to disassociate now vs then. and so to basically say we should get some construction ideas is terrible
Unforgettable memories! The Great Wall of #China #FLOTUSinAsia
I thought she was going to the Zoo?
劳民伤财，专制政体下的公务员奉命为你关闭了动物园跟长城来侍候你一个人，你还以为你很屌。waste taxpayers money, Autocratic government shutdown public services to serve you, you are really awesome?  shame on you. Go back to Trump’s bedroom please.
Yes. The Trumps are horrible selfish people. At least they are only visiting your country. Here in America, we are stuck with those morons.

Do you know you’re enjoying privilege. Ordinarily common people visit the Great Wall like this.
el protocolo es una cosa y loreal es tra melania trump disfruta lo que tienes y demuestra tu poder como ciudadana americana melania que ermosa fotografia es increible


The most beautiful thing about the Great Wall is our First Lady so proud of her A TOUCH OF CLASS FINALLY FOR AMERICA
To contrast with a touch of crass from her pig husband
That is absolutely beautiful!!! So glad you got to experience that. Thank you for all you are doing to put America first @FLOTUS and helping @POTUS #MAGA 
Thank you so very much for all that you are doing for us/America
Lonely. Pobre, pobre #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrumpNow
Tell President Trump that our wall must be even greater than China's. Let our edifice serve as a proud testament of our loyalty to our posterity. Build it big. Build it grand. Build it tall. #BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll #StopWhiteGenocide

Maybe you can buy the wall at a discount @FLOTUS
Glad to see our taxpayer dollars paying for a freakin photo shoot. Really highlights what FLOTUS brings to the table.
"MAGA" try to be positive
He can't he's on a permanent butt hurt......LOL
unbelievably gorgeous ! their wall is like a snake .
@GOP @realDonaldTrump @CNN @washingtonpost yeah enjoy because you are there on tax payers money. touring and doing nothing for american ppl. surprise your son is not there too.
Bring that home with you. 

Oh girl, bless you. You look pitifully lonely and sad. It wasn't worth the trade off, was it?
What a lovely First Lady!
THAT'S NOT FLOTUS, THAT IS CAITLYN KENNER!
yep lets go hang out and do some publicity stunts whilst your husband cripples the economy and edges the world closer to world war 3
Build The Wall.
Wow!!!  So AMAZING!  What a privilege to be able to see this.
pacopruna2 n.p PAE445466 la gran muralla china  opinion mia a tripadvisor de viajes lugar sevilla españa buoni forno di pizze titulo italia y en truspilot feedback@liligo.com paseo gadtino 2 opinion mia bici llevo unos 119.876 klm 1 1 2.005 11 11 2.017 y andar llevo unos 8.594 kl
si klm 3 2 2.014 9 11 2.017 pasalo bien guapa españa 10.34 12 11 2.017
Incredible pics ... thanks for sharing FLOTUS 
So proud of our FLOTUS always representing looking beautiful in every picture.
#beautifulFLOTUS
u r a great lady
Your husband, @realDonaldTrump:


Not one other living soul on that magnificent wall .... shut down for the fashion princess .... rolling eyes .....
#BuildTheWall
When you come, people are driven away like dogs
@AnnCoulter @realDonaldTrump mmmm, give you any ideas?
Stunning!
Nice picture 
... and these ?
I love the Star Wars look.  #sharp

If the wall could talk! would say why America hasn't build one yet? Glamorous our First Lady Melania Trump, visiting & embracing Chinese  culture & history.
You, my dear FLOTUS, are as classy as they come.  If people can't see that they are completely blind and corrupt.
期待你的下次到来。
Will you pose at trumps wall? Lol
Haha, good one!
Wow!!! That is so awesome looking.
I'd love to go there.
Wow what a scenic view
You are beautiful #MAGA #TRUMP2020
Beautiful.
Looks like the great wall of mexico the moron in chief whats to build
Beautiful

great picture. ,  my dad was at this wall  in. World War 2
Amazing!
So much history here...impressive architectural. Many forget just how young the United State's is in comparison.
天哪，这么冷的天气，她居然赤脚穿着单薄的鞋子去登长城。她难道不能给自己穿一双厚一点的袜子吗？我甚至能看到她脚背上的青筋。
When you marry for money you earn it.
Can’t wait to see pics of the Great Wall of America
So.... do you think this might look nice on our mexican boarder?
Glad you wore flats - those steps are tough. Thank you FLOTUS for your elegance and grace
Thank you for sharing the beautiful wall
Why the hell you "FLOTUS", always accompanying ur husband on business trips? You should be in the US doing something useful for ur country. Bty, where is China's first lady? No with you taking pics, ummm!
I can't wait for my wall here in Arizona. You look beautiful first lady. #MAGANVERSERY
You are not on a photo shoot Mrs Trump - you need to get to work!!!  #selfcentered#self-absorbed#sad
So glad you can enjoy this and thanks for the sacrifices your family has made for all of us on the planet.  Bless you FLOTUS from flo.
Back to awful reality, that your mail-order spouse has nuke codes. Instability will destroy the world. Your money will mean nothing in aftermath. Let that sink in. Oh, and meantime, a reminder that you're using the same filter on all your pics.
ANYTHING to get your claws off YOUR POTUS and FLOTUS and MINE! Suck it up buttercup!
That's the best quip you can come up with? LMAO. You're missing some commas, not to mention unnecessary CAPS. Defend the two dirtbags as you wish, as is your right. Just as it is my right to be critical of absolute stupidity coming from current WH admin.

Paid holidays are always memorable.
GREAT PICS!!!!
When you come, people are driven away like dogs
Not out with your husband?
She is such a graceful lady!
Our stunning FLOTUSThank You so much for standing by our POTUS and doing you part in making America great again #IBELIEVE
Some will be making "new memories".  
I Hope they have a good time.
XOXO
Your an asset to USA
Thank You For Your kindness!
#Whoretus
Your husband is seriously ill...
Didn't you think of giving Donny just the slightest push?  You could be free.....
I see you wore your "sensible shoes."  Thank you for sharing.
TY @FLOTUS , for gracing our nation with your elegance and stateliness...

May God bless, comfort and protect you and Baron!
Awesome!
Repeal and Replace Donald Trump. China will pay for the impeachment.
How's that bullying thing working out for you
Damn girl! Can you say Jackie-O?!
Ah come on she couldn't carry Jackie O's shoe's.
I was being fictitious 
Its weird to me to see her not in heels
Great job Flotus!
And only on small breech in the wall made it ineffective.
You are amazing! So proud of you as our First Lady! My BFF's and I LOVED your entire wardrobe on this trip! You have goodness in your heart
Americans are proud of you Melania, grace and dignity are back in the White House.
Right
Really nice pics
Qué linda me veo
You are elegance and beauty personified. Such a credit to America. 
This year make a Christmas tree for kids at the White House with all cartoon ornaments like Trolls, Rudolph,Frozen, Alvin, Ponies, Mickey!
Where is trumpybears wall?
北京很冷呀，穿的这么少不冷嘛
Very proud of our FLOTUS
I honestly don't like that one
Paid for by our tax dollars! The same taxes that your husband failed to pay for years!

Welcome home First Lady @FLOTUS and President Trump @realDonaldTrump ! First Lady Trump looks beautiful as usual! It has been a dream of mine to visit the Great Wall of China. It’s on my bucket list. Thank you for another successful trip for the USA & God Bless America!
It’s like having Imelda Marcos as First Lady....
Beautiful
I enjoy your pics and tweets, don't let the haters get you down.
Tweets like this and all the comments make me gag
We need the builders of the Great Wall of China to build our wall 
.
yes sister melania but be ware of their foods less you eat reptiles without knowing it.apart from that China is beautiful.
Thank you Flotus they are gorgeous picture's!
Beautiful,  and with class!!
Beautiful
There will soon be a great wall of Mexico!
That is so kool! Love you MelaniaLove that skirt! Gorgeous
Does your husband see what is giong in Yeman ????

You go girl
Thank you you're the best we love you and our President
God Bless you! Beautiful pictures.
She left early what did that ride cost taxpayers?
WE YOU @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP  #FLOTUSinAsia 
欢迎来到中国，祝你玩得开心！
Lovely..so glad you enjoyed it...
It would be gr8 for your dear Barron to visit with you.. that wall was seen from space shuttle
Thank you to our FLOTUS as she brings back warmth and class to the WH.
&the woman who held public events there for every Christmas and Easter,tirerlessly worked to get children healthy food, hugged& consoled gold star families....no class no warmth.For a woman who does little more than promote her own products. @belladonna5621 your racism is showing
Your vitriole and bitterness is showing if that is all you see from these photos.  Let it go, learn to see the good in simple things!
Has literally zero to do w Hilary. The last woman so be flotus was very warm and extremely classy. Hilary probably lost because she seems cold. M.O. never was as listed above showed the opposite always. To pretend other wise shows you are critiquing from racist standpoint. Sad!
This is very great.
Nice to see that even Mellie can look like shit some days...
Wall shopping
Vom
We love all Trump Family members and supporters.
Absolutely beautiful!
Thank you FLOTUS! Such style, grace and an absolute PERFECT representative for the United States of America! For all you do, we are grateful.
Why didn't you accompany #donTheCON on the rest of his trip?  Hope Hicks did.
