God bless Texas 
if there was a "God" he wouldn't let shit like this happen... keep praying though lol
Why the he'll you even tweet ATHEIST
sorry I'm just open minded I don't believe shit from a fictional book, I don't believe if you like the same sex you'll burn in eternal fire
You do know there are ppl out there that believe in God and have no problem w ppl that like the same sex right?
then they're hypocrites
Oh ok. 
If you don't support common sense gun laws then please save your fake sympathy.
Melania, your hearts are not good enough. Have your husband speak out today for tougher gun control. Oh wait, he is out golfing in Japan.
A mold right out of Schumers’ butt. Never to early to politicize a tragedy.
Retweet if you think the First Lady sounds fake!
Too bad your brain is with your anus. If you're not trying to convince your John/husband to #RESIGN then you have NOTHING useful to say!
listen to what;s really mine..
No one needs your heart, people are burying their children!   Gun Control is what we need!!!!
Your heart is not with Texas. It’s not like you would ever find yourself with the people who were killed

Sadly true
Our hearts are with you 
That's lovely, how about some #GunControlNow
Again tell me what gun control will do!! I’ve owned guns my entire life!! I’ve never shot anyone!! The real issue is we have a society of people raising our young people to not respect life!! Weather it’s guns knives or bombs!
Look at countries that have gun control for the answer to that question. Daily mass shootings don’t happen in UK, Canada, Australia .....
Here we go...thought and prayers. But NO ACTION on gun control!
It was an assault truck last week..... liberal mentality! Guns don’t kill people do!!!! LET’S have control of the USA border! #banIllegals
And border control would have prevented Sandy Hook and the Vegas shooting right? 
Liberal control prevents those!!! Y’all need to keep your people closer! They’re mental! 
Thank you for clearing that up... liberals and anyone other than white, Christian, Republicans are terrorists. Slow clap for sandy! ...
Republicans aren’t the problem!! It’s your mentally deranged liberal friends!!! Vegas=liberal Texas=liberal
Where is your evidence that either shooter was a liberal? Oh sorry I forgot. You’re a Rump supporter. You don’t do facts.
Like most liberals both murderers or mentally deranged!!! Seek help liberals!!
Keep your empty words

BFD. How does your heart being with Texas help? Urge POTUS and govt to DO something to combat it.
Thats nice, but useless.  Tell your husband to #DoSomething
Flint children
Ya know, I really don’t believe you. Your husband doesn’t give a damn about American lives or he would DO SOMETHING about gun laws!!!
God bless you and President Trump! Thanks for the good job you are doing!
By #45
FIRST Lady Melania AS A LOVING Mother! HAS A HEART  FOR THOSE WHO WERE KILLED IN TEXAS!!
Please get your husband under control

Do something about it!
Your heart is robotic. Tell your husband to work on gun control.
They better be
The sentiments there, but America needs a hell of a lot more than 'hearts' right now. DO SOMETHING!
Forget your hearts, we need gun laws!
But your pocket book is with the NRA.
All Texans, or just the families of the 27 killed because your husband @POTUS @realDonaldTrump won’t introduce effective gun control laws?
Thank you Malania your are the Best First Lady we have ever had... God Bless
Great.
THERE IS NO GOD!
I love how they call this an evil act. According to the holey babble God created evil
Oh please, get over your BS! You hate him as much as we do
Dear Melania, #USA 

Our hearts are always with you.
God Bless you all and America.

From Japan 

#TerroristAttack #OttoWarmbier




The same people who are calling for #GunControl are the same ones who are for abortion. Oh, the irony .
The same people who do nothing but “thoughts & prayers” when fellow citizens are repeatedly murdered call themselves pro-life. Oh the irony.
Don’t you think guns can help save lives ?
Did a lot of good today, didn’t it?
What weapons do you think they will use to stop the shooter ? Their hands ?
Oh so guns are hard to get in Texas so that’s why this shooter was able to kill so many so easily? Is that what you’re saying?
We need MORE guns in America. Guns in church. Guns in school. Guns in casinos. Guns in malls. Only when we are all armed will we be safe.
So why did you bash me then?
Your hearts are also full of money from the NRA.
Wrong again! POTUS & FLOTUS aren't in need of lobby money & they don't take even a paycheck from your taxes.  Do you want to look at hillery
What is it you people ?  Always talking bout Hilliary , she is past tence !
  The present tence is the CROOK who is sitting in the WH !
Just like anyone else in America, she has to pay for her crimes.
Our hearts are with them too.
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
Can you keep a country that cares, in which individuals count, in which personal responsibility is expected and in which forgiveness exhorted and experienced without a faith in a God bigger than us and a God that modeled those expectations in His Son and His sacrifice? Where?
Melania.. I feel for you... but I wish that you would grow a spine ( if not for you .. then for your son’s sake ) and rid yourself of your husband!
my heart is with god melania we now know your eternal destination and it is not with god
Whats's wrong?
So sad people are so evil. God bless the families & God bless our great country. Thank you @FLOTUS & @POTUS for all u r doing to #MAGA 
& for those who r going to start talking about gun control?? GUNS DONT KILL, PEOPLE DO!!! You can’t stop someone frm crime if that’s their
True
I thank God someone had a gun to kill that poor miserable soul !  And I thank God for @realDonaldTrump  Harry Roaden voted for you!
who said so
You’re the best First Lady America has ever had!

God Bless the people of Sutherland  Such a sad & tragic situation! 
that should have and could have been avoided if there was a proper police force in that area correct me if u can
Your talking a town of a few hundred ppl. Do you really think they have their own SWAT
It only takes ONE 
Your heart maybe. The plural isn’t accurate here. Your “husband” has no heart. Right @realDonaldTrump ?!  You are a predator
Right! And who write that for you?

Your Heart may be with Texas
But Donald's is with the NRA
He defended THE KILLERS Right To Purchase Gun
And He Cut Funding for Mental Health
I pray for gun regulation. I pray for mental health care. I pray that you take action to address and to curtail these senseless tragedies.  Enough.  It’s time to talk loudly. Heartbroken  that I am raising my children to understand the term ‘active shooter.’ @PressSec  @POTUS
Wish I could believe that but you have to HAVE a heart to put it some where.
Such an empty, mindless, thing to say. Shame on you. Seriously. WTF is wrong with you, @FLOTUS?
I know your offering is sincere but please remember that hearts don’t bring back the dead from another mass shooting.
 Mr.Trump should teach a lesson to them.
It’s time for a little bit more than your hearts...
Amen!
Thank you Melania
More thoughts and prayers ? Here's a bunch more, hope those help.
Such vapid bullshit.
Gun control would have prevented the neighbor from saving lives
Prayers For Texas!! Such a sad day, especially at a church. May Jesus be with everyone suffering during thin time. God Bless!!

Your husband needs to put a end to the Antifa group. This obstruction needs to end in America.
God bless the survivors of those killed on Texas,  Unbelievable
#DoSomething
Yeah right,no1 believes you lady..u r married to a monster...w no decency
Liars. Your hearts are with Moscow. #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrumpPence #ImpeachTrump
Fake News fuels hatred in this country and they do for ratings. Ridiculous
You don't even know where texas is on a map with an arrow.
My heart is with you as well FLOTUS! Travel safe and keep being you. 
But your asses are in Japan!
Hey Vanessa you're wrong as usual fake news https://www.thejacknews.com/law/gun-rights/the-united-states-does-not-have-more-mass-shootings-than-europe/ …
Amen to that  don’t let ANTIFA cause hatred and start a civil war  Prayers from the UK 
Please do not add insult to injury. Just like your bullying campaign. Looks very bad.
Maybe you should recommend some gun control legislation, then maybe you won't have to say that over and over and over.
By "Our hearts" - do you mean you and your stunt double?
पूर्ण संत तीनों पहर की साधना देता है-यजुर्वेद अ19मंत्र25व26
देखेंसाधनाTV7:40PMसे #
Did you know Anna Chapman?
Too many people are suffering
We NEED to do more than #TEXAS!!!! Please make him do SOMETHING about gun control!!! Hashtags don't bring dead people back!
Your ass should be in Texas helping. Give away some of your $5000 outfits
How about doing something about gun control? I
Your hearts are With Texas ??? How about getting you stupid husband to do something about gun laws, or is he scared of the NRA ???
Did you know that having a heart doesn't mean you have to give up your brain, scarecrow?
A good time you encourage your husband & his party to stop playing politics w/people’s lives & legislate gun reform. Stop being NRA’s puppet
Your #Dotard just blamed this on mental health... why the fuck did he make it easier for people this troubled to get an assault rifle???
Liberals wasted no time to jump gleefully on their idiotic and unworkable gun-ban hobby horse.
Exactly. The irony completely escapes them. Liberals have zero self-awareness. That's why they're liberals in the first place.
Instead of preening w/The Abes in your “Japanese” dress up costume, why don’t you tell the Dotard to DO SOMETHING? #TEXAS #GunControl
God Bless Texas

Heartless.
Under your spouses hate filled fear mongering poor leadership.
This is the deadliest year for mass shootings in U.S. history http://ti.me/2yzj9mt 
Tell your husband it’s time for gun control
A grateful nation thanks you.
Your heart is with Texas?  Fair enough. But where are your brains and your guts?  Nowhere to be seen.
.@FLOTUSOurheartsare w/ #TexasDearest#LORD,I AmSoSorryThisHappenedSadly,PeopleAreLosingThe Love/Respect/Révérence4Thee#Pray
Yes our hearts are with #Texas. There is a time to mourn.
It’s amazing to me the @FLOTUS is letting Texas know she hurts w/them and the #libtards come out to bash that? Uneducated & no class #maga
This shooting is Sad and Terrifying and only a heartless 'person' like @shrinjanrg would use it in a cruel way to please his own ego.
we are with you all.
That should help
But your asses are at the golf course
But your soul belongs to the NRA
Don't use the majestic plural! You are *not* the queen of the USA

Extreme vetting for White Americans walking into church
Melania keep your with Trump. Just squeeze him a little to Wright the wrongs of ages, to wash USA clean of their repeated sins
Words are cheap. What happened to all the empty promises from your husband?  Empty!
Is that where they are? Glad you found them. Now use them to do work that protects Americans from white domestic terrorists.
1520 mass shootings since Sandy Hook.  2 of 4 deadliest in US history in last 35 days. What are you doing about it?
Yes we are, may God Protect and Heal Texas 
Louisa’s Law: Require significant, effective sentences, eliminate or reduce plea deals, strictly enforce laws for violence against women.
wrong. you guys don't have hearts
Meeeeh so clever
I feel your pain
if your not going to take action and put an end to gun violence, then don’t act like you care! because you don’t!
All the anti gun advocates are right! We are all big babies who are to immature to have firearms, come on kids hand over your toys lololol
not your brains though...
Stop tweeting and do something about assault weapons
Don't need hearts, thoughts or prayers. Need ban on ASSAULT WEAPONS.
Thank you, It means a lot to our country to know that you're standing with us during this emotional time and refusing political agendas.


Zzzzzzzz
Thank you but action is needed to keep more families from losing lived ones.
we're pretty sure your hearts are with my uncle$
 "hundreds of generals"
rly
the #Tailhook scandal,
or another convention?
ROYALTIES
pay up
Tell your husband we need policy to be with them more than hearts Hun.
Leave Him, Melania!
Thank you First Lady Melania Trump. Your love & support means so much to Patriotic Americans
Our prayers for the victims families. 
Your heart might be with #Texas. Your husband DON’T HAVE A HEART. Take that SOB to Emerald City so he grab a heart instead of p***y!
So long as the left Embraces this violence(BLM,Antifa) we're going to continue to get violence we need to come together I blame the leftists
Thank you for taking the time for us, Melania. You have one of the most important God given jobs in the World.
Thanks I live there 
Why, Texans love guns, guns kill people, end of story, lots more to come. Your husband blames mental illness. Laugh laugh
Yes may God and the angels  be with the deceased beautiful souls.
May peace be will all the families..
Ban the guns!
Hearts with First Lady and President in 
Your heart should be with America persuade hubby to Resign,admit his part in the collusion with the Russians. We want our country back now
And our asses belong to the NRA
Is that RealMelania or FauxMelania?
What’s the difference?
I don't know!!!
tuyệt
Bellissima
When can we expect the travel ban?
