Hopefully Melania influences American women to look great again.
Yes, handcuffed to a briefcase
We love you Melania!
Thank you for bringing Beauty,Class,Dignity,Honor, Love and Respect back to the White House.
You are the example for every First Lady in the future!
God Bless You! #MAGA 

That’s easy! The dude Michael Obama doesn’t belong!
The naked body is classy!
I know what you’re getting at. No, I won’t send you pictures!
No nudes thanks!
Have a great day Sheyvonne!
Thanks Patrick!!! As usually Michelle is the perfect Closer
Rep we want dam wall
On what about all people here who we don't have any background to check and why did police and fbl not follow up
LOVE YOU MELANIA. THANK YOU SECOND LADY. A VERY CLASSY PAIR TOU 2. I SUPPORT YOU. 
But she is classier in that photo where she is handcuffed to a briefcase. Or maybe the one where she is in a playboy bunny outfit while pregnant.
CLASSY IS KNOWING WHEN TO SHUTUP & BE A LADY IN CONTROVERSY. OBVIOUSLY YOU ARE A HATER. TRY BEING RESPECTFUL TO FIRST LADY !
The most beautiful,sweet,first lady ever
You have got to be kidding me!
Better than moochell the man
Wake up and see the coffee with no cream no sugar needed. That is @MichelleObama who stood by her Man under the influence of love not money.
You mean "his" man
I mean your man!
Madame First Lady I absolutely love your outfit!! Perfect taste!!
I kind of like the one where she is in handcuffed to a brief case better.
Not sure what your remark is intended to convey - probably not something nice is my guess. So since you can’t say something nice please don’t say anything.
Its A Nice Day
#Noflyzone4Afrin


Lol, not at the woman's march?

Rep better do 51 rule our they be out of office and health care

For the love of God please get your husband to resign, if you care about anything related to your life and fortune and future!
America loves our President Trump!
GeorgeP is a nice looking man. Great speaker.
YES I DO HAVE SUPERPOWERS OK YES REAL SUPERPOWERS OK

This is highly irresponsible Mrs Pence....WHERE IS MR PENCE? Aren't you worried his eyes will wonder? You are meant to be with him wherever he goes.

Any chance Karen can wear a bag over her head next time? #DoItForAmerica AMIRITE @VP ??
. Will you let her borrow one of your bags?
Old man bush ticked Conservatives off for speaking against our President! Jed Bush can hold his breath forever, before another bush gets our vote! Like father, like sons!
Like @IvankaTrump said "There's a special place in hell for child predators" & I would imagine there is a place for YOU too since you enable your husband to defend an accused child molester & defend his past sexual assaults on women by calling his accusers liars WORST FIRST LADY
#FakeNews #bigot #Loser #tinypenis #smegma #ImpeachTrump #LockHimUp #collusion

Just like your mom did for your dad?
Wonderful to spend time with @secondlady Mrs. Pence, @TexasFLCA Mrs. Abbott and @georgepbush Mr. Bush. Thank you for your service to the gre
Man getting business done.

,... what about California? Burns to the ground, you don't go out there, trump taxscam will not let them deduct this from their taxes, is that y he rushed it through? Taxation without representation. Unfair. Alaska shld not be in the bill. wild bird treaty,. they harm NO ONE.
Hello

Trump rolls back use of fines against nursing homes cited for neglect, mistreatment http://hill.cm/o2E4T0Q  
Second lady......REALLY???
Does this sound familiar, Melania?
Fortunately, brain size is not indicative of cognitive ability (which you seem to be severely lacking, incidentally). Also, 'dinkleberry' is not a word. 
All-in-all, that was a really stupid post. You ought to try harder. But not with me; I mute stupid. Toodles!

You do know Mrs. Pence can't stand your hubby, right?
She is so beautiful!
I'm so thankful the two of you have been put together in this season of your lives . I trust our @SecondLady is unlike any you've known before & visa versa.

I pray God does a new thing in each of you bec of this new bond 
GOD BLESS YOU LOVE YOU


JUST IN: Trump accusers demand Congress investigate sexual harassment claims http://hill.cm/40hHfyl  
Helo
Did you grope the second lady?
George P. Bush. And the P stands for pick pocket. I would like an investigation into Non Profits who don't use the money for what they are intended for while conning the innocent citizens out of money that is suppose to help and support others.  No more cons.

Tanxxxxx
Where are you
Nice.... Miss Trump
I want to wish You@FLOTUS,@POTUS and your entire family  a VERY MERRY  CHRISTMAS!
I'm still wondering When You Will Stop Treating Puerto Rico like the milkman's secret love child? They have fought in every war for the US (unlike Any Trump), they have brought financial benefit. They Are Citizens too.
BREAKING NEWS                                   “Melania is coughing.” 
“Hillary’s cough was louder.”                              “Melania fail off the curb.”                                    “Hillary fail harder.”  Shheesshh! Hillary is out of the game. Melania’s FLOTUS!
Merry Christmas
Better prepare for Trump Jr @MELANIATRUMP. He threw Hope Hicks under the bus to save daddy. YOU BETTER CALL MUELLER! Get ready @SecondLady Pence. Get an attorney or go down with @vp Pence too.

Feel like everyone’s forgotten trump also tried to kiss Katy Tur & then insulted her every chance he got thereafter. He also tried to kiss a People Mag reporter in his home w Melania upstairs. Media ignored her story. #DemForce https://twitter.com/thr/status/939294121889591301 …
Please help Palestine.
Leave Him, Melania

Duchbags of america and
Wonderful!  We love and respect you so much as our First Lady!!
Surprised she left Mike Pence alone! Hope he doesn't accidentally rape any woman while she's not there to control him
God. Day for Mrs Trump and Mrs pence
American  Army  Great I Love American Army Mrs  Melania Trump
And what exactly did you do ther to help them? Please explain what the support entailed besides a photo op pretending you care. Where were the art supplies? Did you run out of funding? I'm sure you enjoyed your lunch
Love all of you
I want a job treating the people of Jacksonville the way they treat me...capeash?
Merry Christmas to you all my friends around the world. I love you so much. God bless you
https://www.fiverr.com/john_austin# !
#letamericaburn
Your name will be forever linked to #grifting #selfServing and you will be a national #disgrace, just like your husband.  #YouChoseEvilforMoney
I Am truly proud to be a Texan It is not only a huge State but Has a HUGE HEART We always rise to any occasion God Bless Texas God bless all
THANK YOU TO FELLOW TEXANS.. WE ALL NEED TO STICK TOGETHER. OUR LIVES AND PRESIDENT DEPEND ON IT
I love what you do @realDonaldTrump
Our FLOTUS Is so regal! Love this First Lady!
Sounded like your polident held your dentures in for your whole rant at the rally race for your fellow molester. #DentureDonald #polident #childmolesters #teamteenlover  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
God bless you ladies for all that you do. I'm sure Texas loved you all!   Merry Christmas!

Former Fox News anchor: Trump tried to kiss me on the lips http://hill.cm/CjbMWx9  
Thank you @FLOTUS and @SecondLady for not forgetting the people of #TexasStrong . It has been along time since the First Responders were acknowledged after the initial disaster.  #MAGA

Former Fox News anchor says Trump once tried to kiss her http://thr.cm/7p7z71  
3 classy ladies#
Awesome! You guys rock
Hi Melania...Did your White House staff find our gorgeous Merry Christmas banner that we sent you! It’s almost as beautiful as you are my daughter has down syndrome and I made her a banner company...we sent it to you!!
I love seeing you both working together !!
Love you all!  God Bless You and God Bless America!
Merry Christmas and happy new years to our President Trump and the first lady Melania as while as the Vice President Mike Pence and second lady Mrs Pence
Wonderful to see all of you amazing like-minded women working together.
Wonderful 
She has a beautiful smile. Should use it more often
Do not forget while spending ur vacation that jureslaem is our first case.. Tell ur husband.
How much did Trump pay you to marry him?
All of you trump people....must have lost your mind....stop smoking that stuff..
Send me to kill nk kym aja

Really? Even though Mrs. Pence thinks your husband is vile?
Your husband will be impeached
DON. T WORRY WHAT'S THEY SAY OUT THERE YOU'RE DOING A GREAT JOB 
SIGN,, ED HOLLYWOOD
The first lesbian.
You and Donald are both doing a fine job. Don't listen to these Malcontents, they'll always be as they are a this moment. Blinded by ignorance, refusing to accept change. They're all a bunch of cry babies.
I hope you all get arrested before Christmas. That's what the free world wants this year All Russian Proxies . Go home to Putin .
. Thing abath  .PSAUM 50:1-23/ Révélation 1:1-7.
Mr. President will appreciate if you don't reach week things about your foreign wife get at your boy Corey Smith
My Queen, The White House has NEVER been more beautiful! The CHRISTmas decorations, have never been more exquisite! Only listen to God, no other voices matter! You know that you were chosen to do this with your life! Stay strong, we love and honor you! Never cease from praying!
Melanie, you always look so put together!
Melania is the only positive connected to the Trump administration.
Talk to Donald tell him to meet with North Korea and take a peace agreements with him and in it rehashing kim we don't want war we want peace but show Straight let kim know we want peace but we are prepared for war someone needs to talk to kim Donald can make History be the first

Sorry I can not make to see you tonight in FL I so wanted to be there but my mom (85) and I (65)  are sick with the flu I guess and can not even get out to get care I know I will have missed something special sorry thank you for what you have already done

julio limited
God bless you First Lady!
Thank you so much, with love you all.
God will destroy you your family and TRUMP and I will be watching.

Loved seeing you go to whataburger!
You are awesome!
Watch out for Bush. Can no longer be trusted.
Glady to become an gov 2021 hope for the best
You're so beautiful! Thank you for bringing class back to the White House!
Hhhhh, how could you be honored with spending time with the most disgraceful people in American History !!!
Beg your husband to resign.
We love you!! What a blessed nation we have, God is still in control and still trying to bless America, our amazing President, Mr.Trump, and wonderful First Lady, Mrs. Trump, are the proof of that! Thank you for all that you do! Merry Christmas!
The alls gov gob peoples hipnotized are threathning me alls
3 awesome ladies who get things done.
I guess it’s a good thing you’re not from a banned country sugar baby
Go back to your own country.
