Can we please get rid of Common Core the Next Generation needs to be smarter. Our country is such a mess you guys have such a horrible terrible unbelievable task on your hands God bless your family

And because you're thinking of them, everything is okay and you have time to get your hair conditioned now  
Wearing a baseball hat and casual clothing doesn't exactly cut it
Oh please gag
Just between want secure borders and a wall does not mean we don’t love our neighbors in Mexico ! Godspeed Mexico!
Great !!First Lady Melania Trump Of United State Of America for supporting building the wall and Banning the 8 and more Muslim Countries !!
Lies...i see nose growth
Everyone may need these services, if you have any work, feel free to contact with me.
Thank God for now we safe
Still plagiarizing Obama's speeches and tweets 
What?!?!? stop the obsession
Thanks, White House Barbie. Now go try on some new heels.
Man you guys are mean. Wish I could be perfect like you cyber bullies
I don't think the people of Mexico, whom your husband insults at every opportunity, want your thoughts. Have some shame for God's sake.
Nasty people on this thread. Almost none of you have expressed sympathy for people of Mexico. Just attempt to degrade FLOTUS . #UnAmerican
We are angry US people who resent Trump, his CONSTANT lies, bigotry, nepotism, allowing $$$$ money spent on charter planes, Russia deals!
You seem a little upset.
You probably got plenty of everything we all praying for Mexico  and when Nuke drops on your head..
What a joke. What have you actually done yourself to help Mexico or Puerto Rico?
Thinking of?  
First of all, I know this is NOT Melania posting to her Twitter. But to her & SM person. FYI, this is not caring. Action is.
I think ur beautiful and ur hubby is a GANGSTA! LOVE YOU GUYS
Sending prayers.
Me too! I'm praying Meuller will come forward soon and get the POS Trump out of the WH before he does more damage.  What about you? #impeach
@Kakes1960 exactly how have you been personally affected since 20 Jan 2017? Have job, money, freedom, rights, house, food? You personally?
Any POTUS deals with more world issues in the first 10 minutes of his day then u will deal with in 5 lifetimes.
U r illogical a President is always going to piss someone off..do what is best for America.  See that pisses you off...
Carol, that's complete Liberal Bias, Trump hating, Feminist loving bs. Shame on you. I was a Dem for 25 years. Stop harassment of #POTUP
So much hate. She can't even send good vibes, with this attitude you all show how much support for mexico u had at thAt moment. Sad
Very sad-someone said "worse comes often to the poorest" &Christian faithful2 as God sent his only Son through Mary to all poor worldwide2.
But I have to admit, this tweet sounds suspiciously articulate. Is this really @FLOTUS?
No. Tweets are not hers and a lot of DT are not but are how he thinks and approves. People are so gullible.
Prayers and thoughts to all for all in earthquake and hurricane road be safe prayers to family lose of loved ones
Yes, that's so true. My prayers are with Texas, Florida, the Caribbean and Puerto Rico.
 What a sweet First Lady you are! Keep up the positives-We R proud of you! Praying for healing and quick rebuilding 4 our neighbors #Mexico
Proud of the soft porn FLOTUS?
cast the first stone...
Please support us and share your opinion in #liftsanctions   to lift the suffering from children #Sudan  and make them part of the #world
That's disgusting! I remember in 1962 looking in my father's Life magazine and seeing staving Sudanese: in 2017 it's still happening! OMG!!!
what do you mean
In 2017, many countries still have people starving: including the US. The Us is able to help the, so do it!.
You are a gracious First lady, Miss Melania.  I look forward to your garden event tomorrow!
A really nice thought. Due to Trump, I was surprised to read Melania has continued Michell's garden. Trump's madness drives me mad!
I didn't even know it was a continuation, I thought it was a new garden replacing old one but apparently not
Now go to the West wing and get Trump to send drinking water, food and planes to Mexico, Virgin Isl, and Puerto Rico, our US commonwealth!!!
Mex appreciates U Melania.its beautiful that 2 neighboring countries can get along &help each other in times of devastation.
YOUR HUSBAND HATES MEXICANS
Are the "those" the rapists and drug dealers your hubby says they are? You are complicit in disgracing the WH.
And like I said in an earlier tweet if you want to send positive vibes THEN GO HELP THEM WITH YOUR BARE HANDS ......GO HELP THEM REBUILD
You're sending all these positive vibes social media head cause I know this is not FLOTUS #notmyFLOTUSORPOTUS
Why - no cheap shoes for you?
Now w/The wall, their own folks can help instead of run away to steal our jobs & money to fix their own country
Your husband calks them"Bad Hombre's".Remember.
Our hearts go to the victims and their families
How about sending them one of your many billions of dollars and forget the thinking thing?
Don't say you are sorry because you are not
You did the Mexicans are ok at least their sins are forgiven. Why think about mexco think about the wall of evil Trump
Watch out! You're gonna piss Donnie off by not making America first.
No I’m here thinking of all the time President Putin has screwed you in front of @POTUS  hahahaha losers
Im kind of figuring out that "thinking" mood of yours:
MELANIA that's what makes you DONALD SPECIAL YOU REALLY CARE
What about Puerto Rico they are going to starve to death down there. Please do something, send the navy.
She has a federal felony too.Lying on her visa application and worked without a visa. Didn't pay TAXES.
Our love out to you and your family also
You couldnt give a fat rats about Mexico!
You are so fake and ignorat
Wait, wait, those rapists?  I believe someone you know wants to build a wall to keep those rapists and murders out??  A wall!  Hypocrites!!
Did she think about that in her hooker stilettos? Joke.
Doesn't she always have great shoes What great style she has!!

NOW BUILD THE WALL
Please go somewhere, sit down, and be quiet.
Melania, thank you for expressing heartfelt thoughts to Mexico, I only wish your husband as our POTUS  would do the same.
You are a classy lady, don't let jealous liberals get to you no matter what. Stay strong!

Guess you have to say it.  Your #DotardHusband never said a word.
Like u give a crap about mexicans. If undid, youd divorce that ugly old disgusting kkk bully
Melania you need to get your son out of that toxic family.  Don't let him be ruined like his other kids.  Be a good Mother!
If only thoughts helped.
What does he hold over you everyone can see your hate for him
???
Thinking ? How about also  doing something about it
Really now, thinking?
How about that bullying?
Sad  Prayers
@pnemcova has a great organization http://www.hands.org . Her background is similar to yours. You should take a look. It could benefit.
You really don't believe that! Lol
Why is he? Why does he care about rapists, drug dealers and "bad hombres"? Isn't that what he said? He is disingenuous #canttrusthim


Agreed.
#ozkor_ALAH

https://www.slideshare.net/mobile/dritonN/towards-understanding-islampps …

@eDialogueC @eDialogueCenter @NewMuslimsHail @atheistfriend0 @islamicicdxb
Awesome. Now that you've thought about it, how about actually helping the folks who are suffering?
Thanks for keeping helping the Mexicans hurt and killed in EQ. Prayers for all
Thanks for leading the way
What are you thinking about? Throwing rocks at them?
#MAGA BEAUTIFUL FLOTUS & HER HANDSOME HUSBAND @realDonaldTrump
even her compassion is mocked. Easy to identify the real deplorables and thier basket
#dotard
Malaria - you can't fool us into thinking you can think.    Go sit in your closet a while honey and stare at your shoes.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. I could care less what you think. You have zero credibility. Ur married to  Trump. Sit down and be quiet. @MELANIATRUMP
You mean those Mexicans that your husband calls rapists and drug lords?
The world is in love with you Melania
Gosh so many bots and Soros trained lemmings on here. So busy being hateful they can't just say, Mexico
Oh please Mel, you don’t give a crap about those ppl! Ur husband wants to deport them all including Dreamers. So don’t lie like ur husband
How many threats of DEPORTURE,did take to get on podium in THAT outfit with0 THAT husband and SPIT THOSE BLIND STATEMENTS,
thinking does not save lives, what are you doing to help them?
Really,then why doesn't the #potus acknowledge and help Mexico..not very presidential.Not even a visit.H-Clinton would of handled way better
This tweet is NOT verification that she in fact knows how to think!
Love
So is your mad husband,Thinking of building a Wall around the http://country.how  can you live with such a delusional clown?
Then talk to your husband and tell him he cant rip families apart and send them back. Humble himself try on love for man kind
No your not you stood by as your bully husband called Mexicans Rapist Murders and stood smiling as he ran a racist campaign. spare us the BS
@FLOTUS  So are you ok that my great niece may loose healthcare or her family could go bankrupt https://www.facebook.com/joyce.peralta1/posts/10214347879830028 …
The Trump family should go down there and purchase their power company so those poor people can have lights.


And your husband is thinking of sending immigrants to a crumbling  Mexico. Don't think is Dangerous!
Are you thinking alone, because your husband doesn’t like Mexicans, blacks, and nasty women
Perhaps you can get your husband to stop calling them rapists and murderers. #bullying
Get that wall up so you dont have to look at them.
Me too Mel, but also thinking of those millions of sick Americans who will die shortly w/out any healthcare so Don, et.al. can get a tax cut
Really Melanie you care? Me thinks it's all fake. How about sending aid. There was a elementary school that collapsed with children in it.
You live in a bubble. An elaborate golden bubble. I can't relate to you, I don't feel the warmth that Michelle radiates. Sorry
Thinking not donating .|.
NOT thinking, if not donating!
I hope your tweet is from the heart and not just idle chatter.
I'm  with you melania
Talk to your husband about bullying
Hmmm, you think!?! Maybe you should start thinking of how much better our country would be without your greedy family.
Oh ya? Were you going to eat some more jewelry for them? U remember that Vanity Fair cover don't you dear? I'm sure they do.
no yer' not, lol
yer' thinking about how to get 1/2 of Bad Touch Donnie's $$$
who can blame ya'though - $50 is $50
Thank you @POTUS! US sent in our best military search & rescue guys, gals & canines. #MAGA 
Oh, dear Melania.  Do you not see how deeply stupid & foolish you look to the entire world? Or do you just not give a fuck? #russianmoney
All of them or just the non-murderers and non-rapists?
Oh just be quiet. You don't give a damn about anyone or anything except your gold-digging! Your husband is a cyber bully! DO SOMETHING!!
they don't need thoughts , they need action and physical support
Even the "bad hombres"?
Does your sexual predator husband allow you to have sympathy for rapists and murderers?
That's nice are you also thinking about all the lives your old man is ruining? #Askingforafriend #Healthcare #Impeach
Unfortunately, POTUS and some of the psychopaths he has riled up are STILL thinking about a wall. Perhaps you can speak out against that?
Sounds like you've done enough then!
you and #45 have no Heart or soul so leave white house and go back RUSSIA
really you and #45  dont care if did wouldn't sent mexicen or others out if usa you and all in white are liar and fake so need leave  get ou
LOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOLLOL. Thanks for u empty thing!
Sure u are I'm sure u wanna seal them in rather then give them a fair chance to make a living in America no wall no more trump or you
While @POTUS "speeds up" the process to deport teenage immigrants.
Your husband isnt i am sure

Your husband called Mexicans rapists and murderers. https://twitter.com/flotus/status/910241045224464384 …
Yr husband mistreats Mexico and they are our friends, neighbors, allies. No wall, do sentry posts, more guards/horses, way cheaper.
Ofc! you were on the cover of vogue Mexico
Then move there and make some more lezzie-porn movies, which is all you're good for and good at. Don't speak or even appear anywhere.
Does that include the so-called murderers and rapists that your disgusting sexual predator of a husband wrongly characterized as Mexicans?
Stop lying.
The same Mexicans your husband called rapists, drug dealers, murderers, and “bad hombres”? Girl... sit this one out..

Melania Trump's anti-bullying speech did not go down well http://huffp.st/6TYtMNK  
How's that anti-bullying campaign going, Mrs. "Mexicans Are Rapists"?
No you're not
Yeah right.
Your racist husband called them rapists & murders. Save your hypocritical thoughts
They supposed to NOT think to highly or be
soon taken/removed;riches grow wings & 
fly far away, Ma'am. with subtleties.....on...
eggshells!
Mrs. First Lady; on behalf of God's nation that is not a nation,i am sorry that they tear into
you with teeth as sharp as swords.be strong!

According to your husband, they're all rapists and murderers
Thank you for your worthless platitudes Gold Digger.
Send Money 
Yeah, God knows, you've got it!
So sad, my prayers are with them 
Me too ...
...long enough to type this tweet.
Doing?
Are you thinking about sending them a big chocolate cake?
Ur such a beautiful Woman inside n out!!!
We Love n support u guys!!
#MEXICO
What can the USA do to help?  What is our obligation?  James 2: 14-26
