LOVE IT!!! SUCH CLASS!!! She makes me proud to be American!!!#MAGA
Hey @TwitterSupport, when will you add a report option for Russian bot? This is obviously a bot.
Oh man...you beat me to it!
Guys check out what I copped 
Thank you for promoting us:) We have the shirt here >> http://www.LitAF.us/shirts/trump911.html …

RETWEET to let everyone know! 
Will be gifting them to family on Christmas 
Those two dates aligning with such precision cannot be a coincidence!
My tolerance for IDIOTS is extremely low these days. I use to have some immunity built up but obviously there is a new strain out there!

Puerto  Rico  Still  Doesn't  Have  Electricity  Or  Water!

Ya got it the second time there buddy.
Honey,  You have no idea who your taking to.  Lol try me bitch.
@fbombbb 


healthcare for 5 cents!?!?!?!?!?!?! that's awesome dude
Who ties your shoe laces?
Shoe laces are for pussy grabbers
Best First Lady EVER!!! Thank you MSP and @FLOTUS !

#metoo. Come out Melania...
Where's Ivanka?
wow!!!
Yes, thank you!
While you're in Michigan, you should stop by Flint! They don't have clean water!
Fire department. Good job.
Melania, I know we have something in common; neither of us can stand your husband.
A nice looking crew!
Thank you in advance for taking you senile husband for a psychiatric evaluation!
What are you going to do with that bully you live with ????
Finally, a First Lady American can be proud of.  God bless you for your sacrifice and service.

Hate is not a political platform.
I don't think the Left has any other platform at the moment sadly
Slt
We love you FLOTUS in Michigan!!! You're an inspiration to America! God Bless you and your efforts to MAGA 

Would of been nice if it was All the firemen battling fires around the in clock in Ca,  Is this Melanias new job posing with men in uniform
She doesn't do any thing else ,
You are special
WOW What a Fantastic Photo
I hope you addressed the water problem in Michigan. Flint's water is not fit for consumption or to bathe in. It is polluted beyond acceptable for any country but a disgrace that it is happening here in the US. We're not a 3rd world country.
Great photo...
Thank you for visiting Michigan.
Come back anytime.
Call first and we can do lunch.

Hey Mrs Anti Bullying... why didn't you stop your husband from attacking a pregnant war widow?
Voglio raccontare la mia storia sono una mamma
What a beautiful picture! Most beautiful FLOTUS ever! And loved by the Police! She is working hard. Thank you.
If for any reason you all need a speaker I'm your man. I was on prescriptions for years and threw them in the trash because of what they do!
Keep showing strong positive leadership! #Lawenforcement
Are you really kidding America...what a JOKE ...YOU SLEEP with the worse BULLY in America ...you are bought ...get REAL LADY
Thank you for your service to help all of us.
Belle photo
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
Bullying starts at home.
Who has she bullied?
No one, I think she's awesome. #potus, not so much
Thank you for what You do, @FLOTUS; we, the American people, could not be prouder ~
Cool picture! So good to give some respect to our police officers! Blue lives really matter!
Why are they all men? What did you do to make them smile? Old tricks?
Not my First Lady.....an immigrant her husband is trying to get rid off.....what does that say.
Cute!!!
Trump tax plan gives a bigger tax cut to foreign investors than middle class Americans
Think "rich Russian oligarchs" - Think "Putin"

Will Putin benefit more from Trump's tax plan than the average American?
Tell your pimp to resign
Your pimp never did. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Awesome!
Good work Melania. What About this girl whom is with your Donald all the time? Looks like you But is not you! Different haar and shorter!
Someone or something keeps undoing my retweets on the first ladies Twitter account and my likes on her account I don't know who or what's doing it but it is really frustrating I'd like to know why this is happening I support the first lady and the president
Super u r Leader of Women in America
Uh, no she is not. Not at all, lol!
Bimbo and dumbo what a pair you & Donnie are. Sickening
Is this a woman!! SHE is beautiful & SMART. God BLESS you Melania
TRUMP PPL LOVE LAW ENFORCEMENT ALL 1ST RESPONDERS, LOVE YOU FLOTUS SO MUCH BETTER FOR OUR COUNTRY, GIVE OUR 1ST RESPONDERS HEROS RESPECT. 
Did you go to Flint?
Your husband
First family of photo ops.
Melania, you are a great first lady. Imho
My sons “friend” is a cop/biker and tried to give MY SON narcotics! (My son said no!) Let’s ppl drink&drive & more!
Funny but you have a “legalize it”on your bio 

Your just mad that she will be around for 8 years
You could do something equally as brave and MAGA - get hubby to resign. He is scary and we worry he is going to blow up the world
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WhsSzIS84ks# …
Of course she visited the wealthiest  city in the wealthiest county in Michigan
Um, you’re so not right.
Actually you might be right. I forgot about gross pointe.
ALL RESPONDERS IN R ENTIRE NATION R HEROES EACH & EVERYDAY THEY PUT ON THE UNIFORM 
@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS - every one of those guys have seen your tacky online nude pictures.  How embarrassing!
She has nothing to be embarrassed about. Modeling was her former profession. You sound pretty sexist to me. Take your hate elsewhere.
You did them all?

@FLOTUS is in Detroit speaking about cyber bullying.  Funny, she lives with the biggest bully !  Sadly, she is a battered woman.  Pity her !
Have a life, thanks !! Working hard to get the Orange baboon out of the WH before he TOTALLY destroys our great democracy !!
what about the dead?
They don't get to vote democrat this next election.
Fake and diversion from the Russian family.
But you swallowed clinton's crap hook, line and sold uranium.
They are all giggling because they have seen her porn shots.
Thank You Gentlemen for taking care of #FLOTUS 
Total waste of resources.
Ur tweet? Yeah, we know....now move along #MAGA
You support THIS, and you're a Jesus freak? 
@FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @GOP @washingtonpost u ppl get dressed up in your expensive cclothes and take photos and you do nothing good for USA
Wait until@she gets on a pole@ dances for you!!!!@she is a professional.
Let’s watch this one dance her way to prison.

Yes. Thus one is going to jail soon.

Thanks God for the wise leadership. Global leadership need to follow this track.
All those First Responders taken off their jobs for a photo op.
beautiful lady！！！
Melania could not exhibit enough class in lifetime to balance just one day of her husband's classlessness (if they even talk to each other)
We have a classless pres. And I can't wait for POST TRUMP..can't come soon enough!!
Love you #FLOTUS

Look at this young girl and who she wants to emulate!!!!! FLOTUS!!!!!!
Oh honey no! You don’t understand! I grew up there and that area police force is as corrupt as LAPD & Washington! Sad!
Um.. I honestly can remember the last time there was a crime here...wtf do u mean corrupt?
Dear Icon, corrupt police is when a policeman tries to give a persons son drugs that are a federal offense to share.
President Park is the victim of political maneuvering by the followers of Kim dae jung who is political terrorist in South Korea.
@POTUS @MichStatePolice @oaklandsheriff @WestBlmfldPD My parents were legal immigrants and raised us to be Americans.
NEVER EVER DID OBAMA'S WIFE DO THAT, SHE WOULD TAKE PICS WITH HOLLYWOOD PEOPLE AND RAPPERS BUT NEVER WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT, JUST SHOWS POWER
You are a disgrace. Your husband is a #moron. Move out of our house. #TrumpCrimeFamily
She actually speaks. Run Forest Run


Melania dont tell us to be nice to people tell that pig Donald Trump to be nice
OMG my county sheriffs! This is too cool!!
Trump
Pretty sure your husband 
is STILL FAILING your anti cyber bullying movement...

sad
Awww look! You can stand still and look pretty! Such a productive FLOOZYUS!
Can you please help your husband. He need help.
Sent investigators to Slovenia to look into rumors that Melania used to be high end escort. They can't believe what finding!
FLOTUS 
You are so stinking cute! We really need a Barbie doll that looks like you. Love you to pieces #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
You wouldn’t see a pic like this with the last admin.
are you ok?
Proud to say you visited my Middle School, proud OLMS alum.  Keep up the great work!
They all googled Melania.
@realDonaldTrump As each day passes &we see the evil that was working against you, it could only be that God wanted you to win!
Like I said earlier you are the epitome of CLASS....Love FLOTUS and POTUS TRUMP PENCE 2020.....I love it !!!!!!!
Melania you're so awesome. Thank God president Trump is our President & you're our first lady. God bless you & family. Hope 2 meet someday
OUR HEROS AND OUR ANGEL 
#MAGA
That's ok Melania Trump!
Everyone is laughing at your bullying campaign.  Start in your bedroom!
Moments after Paul Ryan urges Trump and Corker to put aside their Twitter dispute, the president does this: 
wow thats a LOTTA GUYS!
Seriously baby - Trump can’t even get it up ... and you barely speak decent English
Thanks !

Thank you Melania ! Our classiest First Lady to date
You should ask them for all the drugs that they confiscate. Tell them that it's for White House research.
Wow did she take them all on???
You can’t be serious with your anti-bullying campaign unless you leave that monster of a bully husband. Otherwise, you’re just a hypocrite.
The correct spelling is you’re, genius.
@FLOTUS thanks Michigan police for murdering unarmed black man. That is what they have done in the past. Does
Stop with the damn photo ops that mean nothing. Get out of my state.

Visit http://Raadr.com  to see how easy it is to protect your most precious possession from cyberbullying.
One lucky lady! And pretty safe there! 
https://twitter.com/SenFranken/status/923246157832359936 …
It’s deeply troubling that incidents of harassment & intimidation have increased in K-12 schools, colleges, universities, since the election
R
Great photo!  Great Flotus.  Keep it up.
Their Finest & Best with the most beautiful, intelligent First Lady ever.  GREAT PICTURE.
Thegovernment need s to put this message on mevery billboardONE pillat a time or u will never have pain relief,once a month/two day off pill
This is the America I Want to see. PRIDE  in your job ,your Country and your Leadership.
You're such an inspiration filled with nothing but class and it exudes in this picture! Thanks for being a role model to all young girls!

So Proud of our FLOTUS AND POTUS
Una Gran Dama. Para un Gran Hombre
Thank you for visiting my past home Oakland County, where my mom is still there and I'm in Texas. Praying for them without water.
Thanx for coming!
She must be very good at cumming.  How do you think she got citizenship.
What does she do?
А сколько девушек хороших, а сколько ласковых имен?
Девушки, снега хотите, Дед мороз?!
Pretty
there's your great flotus!
Tell your rude dishonest husband  to resign.
from samsung
Great picture flotus
First Lady is class act.
No wonder she failed as a model, the third lady poses like a tree trunk.
Look at the smiles on their faces .
Damn straight
#FLOTUS #MAGA
Beautiful First Lady...inside and out!
She’s a whore!  Trades money for sex!
The only one standing out is Melania....rest all just merge in the dark background...awesome
이렇게 멋진 영부인 깨서 찿아주셔서 정말 감사합니다.
It's beautiful
Awesome  First Lady
Awesome photo!!

@FLOTUS   not you
Your pussygrabber husband is probably two timing you whole your on the road
Yer pants r too short, heels too high and pink's not really your color, dearie.
#Complicit #Hypocrite #NoClass
Imagine life without them
Think they call it "Hell"
#chicago
