Melania is amazing the greatest first lady!

Slt
God bless Putin. The KGB is doing a great job in DC.
Beautiful. 
God bless Vladimir Putin
Our American princess and the Prez they can’t control and the media hates it? Lol Keep being real, luv u guys.
Dear Melania, pls could you next time visit the University of Alaska Fairbanks @uafairbanks Geophysical Institute & check their #HAARP research campaign at the High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program facility in Gakona? details: Professor @ctfallen
Melania, if you decide to go Alaska,
put this in your walkman,
Into the Wild,
#HAARP

@PearlJam xx to Eddie
How about thank them with a raise in their pay. Not your job? Fake Thanks, Troops. Totally Fake. You can't afford a house for your family or a descent automobile for them while you serve, but the Beluga Caviar downsuckers give you their hollow thanks. Oh Boy!
good job

God bless and keep you and yours!!! Pray everyday over you and your family. God's anointing our nation through you and your husband. Thank you for serving this great nation with honor and class!!!
Please do NOT tell LIES on God! This man is a CURSE to this country! He and all he chose so far are either under investigation or heading to prison! He has done NOTHING legislatively! And God not finished yet!!
Proof please?
Awesome 1st Lady!
I don’t always agree with Trump but when he picked Melania he did a great job!
And Thank You for YOURS
I am thrilled with our #flotus   With all the bad names immigrants get I like to point out we can get the best from the world & I fell she is a good as they can be.  What a great lady
Thank you so much, Ma'am. You, and Nancy are the only real class we have had in the WH in a long time. You, and Mr. T work so hard for us. #GodBlessTrump that # is for you and the rest of your family, not just @realDonaldTrump Be safe, and stay strong.
Twitter even removed my RT and like of this #FLOTUS Tweet. Thankfully those Twitter neo-fascist haters are going be hit hard real soon because of their discrimination. I will love it. #GodBlessTheTrumps
They did me too. I said something about chelsea handler and how lame she was for blaming Trump for the Ca fires. they told me it was hate speech and made me take it down. But just look at all the hate to him. She even said he started the fires. Total bias!
So few in here care that she was an illegal immigrant because she’s white. SAD! America is doomed when the voters and electorate are idiots. #VeteransDay
Key word...."was"....she became legal....all we want immigrants to do is come here...LEGALLY
Legal or illegal, no matter, should be born in the Country or NO office position. Spies train for years in the countries they infiltrate
She has the office of the first lady of the United States....and when married Trump she had no idea he would become POTUS. Did you say the same about Obama..his half brother said he was born in Kenya?
It is also illegal to be in this country with fake social security cards and work and live when you are here illegally but you ain’t complaining about that
John that is pretty much what David just said
The difference is she went home and repeated the process didn’t come and never leave when the visa expired and you can get work visas is all I was saying

hard to be a first lady
You amazing Melania. The world loves you.
Thank you @FLOTUS you're a class act & American gem. @POTUS  @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #HappyVeteransDay 
Act would be correct. Class. Well, that's different than classy.
Thank you for being such a terrific First Lady. You are very appreciated and loved @FLOTUS. Thank you. Blessings to you and your family always. 
Hey you made it here!! 

How was the weather?!
http://usa.news-store.com/hp-laptops-found-to-have-hidden-keylogger/ …

Over the top money magnet
Help protect that beauty of Alaska. Keep it wild and safe. Don't let your husband withdraw the national monuments protections or other regulations that protect the wildlife and traditional livelihood.
Home Sweet Home, #Alaska! Cold up North where Santa Lives!
I'm so sorry, Melania.
this says it all.
This little girls reaction to shaking her hand

That is exactly what I would do and I'm a 62 year old woman. Love Melania!
Pure class


Wah, you are so nice Mrs.Melania 
Love you from Afghanistan
http://salarydaily.com/?cash=42287 
Thank you for all you have done for our country. GOOO TRUMP!!!!!! #BEST PRESIDENT EVER!!!!!!
I read where you were going to get a divorce. Just tell him you're fired.
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
thank you
Go FLOTUS, all are worthy!
Class Act !!
Military is jumping ship, getting away from the pig your family represents, GET IT?
It should be wonderful. U r getting the red carpet treatment even if it is for being married to a racist, lying SOB.
Today would be a great day for you to release @realDonaldTrump tax returns.   It might also be a good day to hand Donnie the D papers. Just saying. Maybe both.
Are you still in Alaska?

Lets only show white people!
Class act!
Very nice indeed @FLOTUS  45
Love you melania madam...

Always know no matter what the press says your base will not forsake you.
Watch out for those EVIL war widows!! They threaten national security
so wonderful... thank you for supporting our troops. 
it was a school while our taxpayers paid bc u wanted to leave unbelievable  wow just wow
Como me gustaría que me ayuden hacer mi casa   es que tengo mucho problema donde vivo gracias por favor
Thank you for you appreciation and compassion.  I wish more people were like you. Thank you and praying for the whole Trump family. God bless you.
thank you
children must live well at school
Our US Military love you as much as you love them! @realDonaldTrump
Ilove you
You are a breath of fresh air. And just beam wity children.  As my mother used to say. " you are beautiful when you smile".
VERY GOOD 
@I AM A LEGAL IMMGRANT FROM ROMANIA AND I AM SO PROUD OF YOU, YOU HAVE CLASS, YOU ARE WHAT AMERICA NEEDS TO SHOW TO THE WORLD THAT WE ARE THE BEST IN THE WORLD.  Melania we love you and we are PROUD of you and our PRESIDENT, WHAT A FAMILY!!!  GOD PROTECT YOU AND YOUR FAMILY !!
killing for sport is criminal! You and your ilk are all criminals!    have a right to life no human interference.  Lock Trumps up!!!
Very Classy and compassionate First Lady and not to mention drop dead gorgeous
Melania:  gorgeous inside and out!
Good job
I think this was so nice of Melania to go so far out to greet the military families in Alaska and not just in Tropical areas or regions most favorable.
One other thing, I want her to hug me like she did that little girl. Sorry Mr. President.
Every time I see FLOTUS out in the public and how she’s not afraid to mix with people in other countries but can’t do that at home because of the idiots here.
Thank you for visiting our families up here , meant so much to us!
What a beautiful and loving First Lady you are. It is all about the children who will follow.
Awesomeness
Thank you Melanie!
First Lady Melania does not have to Act if you would look at her Resume. Infact I have seen no acting what so ever in the Trumps family.
Thank you for being great First Lady. I can tell you love spending time with young children. May God Bless You
Great FLOTUS, we love you! You are working hard, having fun and loving our Country. Thank you.
Our leaders must also emmulate affection and love for our Armed Forces
Get your filthy hands off those kids. Lysol needed urgently. FTOTUS alert
Great Moment
Dear Melania You are not only beautiful, fun loving, clever BUT compassionate. A true Human Being. Stay Strong. It is only the jealous who despise you! Iain
We have such a gracious and kind First Lady.
,thank you first lady, well done
She is great

#IStandWithTrump #CCOT #CitizensFirst
You are an Amazing First Lady! Thank you just for being you. #MAGA
Our First Lady truly has a deep love for children and their wellbeing? She is awesome!!!
Thank you for what you did as #FLOTUS, stay firm on what you stand for with #POTUS to #MAGA
New US Government Hearing On Geoengineering Amounts To Criminal Deception     http://www.geoengineeringwatch.org/if-you-think-these-are-just-contrails-think-again-heres-what-they-really-are/ …  MILITARY FAMILIES - THE MOST BRAIN WASHED ON THE PLANET
Nothing but class! Needless to say with beauty to follow. 
THANK YOU, FIRST LADY MELANIA. YOU ARE A BEAUTIFUL 'LADY'!!
God Bless You, Melania & all our wonderful veterans & families.
Great!  As more will be dead vets if hubby stays in Office.
Thank you  for being there for our people  .we are blessed to HAVE you
Okay Melania thanks
A beautiful country we have , God Bless you for your service
Wonderful too to share with US your expérience ,first lady,respect
While Trump is gone having back channel meetings with Putin, on Sept. 30th, funding for #CHIP and community health centers expired. This is wrong! CALL 202-224-3121 demand they renew Chip Funding!
This is the first time you look relaxed. The distance away from your husband suits you. I'm glad you got that break.
Welcome to Melania Trump for visiting JBER.
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Sorry
Great pictures Melania...I am sure they enjoyed your visit! Thx for sharing!

I briefly lived outside of Elmendorf. There was a nerve shattering 7.3 earthquake. Glad I am not there now.
We love you Melly! With every FLOTUS tweet the previous First Ladies fade a little further from memory!
you have showed in many ways and I now, and in the past shown how proud of you we should shout out to the voters spoke on behalf of you and the President!
You should have stopped by to visit @SarahPalinUSA 
she gave the campaign a crucial early push and lots of credibility.
sorry we're not impressed
I hope you thanked them for the fact that you were able to work in the United States of America before you had your green card.  Veterans' hard work protected you while you were here on a visa as visitor, not worker visa.
Your smile is even more beautiful when you are hugged by a child. Love it!
what a warm welcome for First Lady.  Alaska loves her.
http://caiedesebsi.blogspot.com 
Such a beautiful First Lady.  Proud to have her as our First Lady!!
Nice.  I like that both you and President Trump respect our military.
Jesus Loves you and Loves his kids Angels are watching over you and your family may the Lord bless you
Great trip.  True American love our FLOTUS! 
I THINK YOU ARE A WONDERFUL FIRST LADY AND ALSO VERY CLASSY! IT'S GREAT TO BE ABLE TO BE PROUD OF OUR PRESIDENT AND FIRST LADY AGAIN!  GOD BLESS YOU!
You are truly a wonderful First Lady.  Loved by many.  Thanks for being yourself!
We love you Melania!!!
What a fantastic First Lady We are Blessed with along with the entire family. They gave up much to fight for the People of America. We will return the favor with Our Love, Support, Prayers and Resilience.
Thank you First Lady.
We Love our PRESIDENT & FIRST LADY of the U.S.. You & your amazing family are in our prayers daily.
We think you are fabulous and we're so proud to have you representing the US!  Hugs to you and your family. 
@MelaniaTrump Thank You for your & President's beautiful 2018 calender!!!
#WorldKindnessDay
Hello who from
America loves our first lady Melania you and your has  Husband president Donald Trump have brought strength pride respect back to the USA  thank you both God bless your whole family
Love these photos
Why did you not continue traveling with The Dotard? -to save airfare? Seems odd.
American's loves the work First Lady Melania Trump is doing for our country.
What a wonderful FLOTUS.
I think it is absolutely wonderful that you went to Alaska. You just beam with light around children. As a mother, grandmother , teacher , aunt etc. I know . Children know if you are not real. Can't hide. You don't. Just a gorgeous smile! Thank you.
Melania is not only beautiful, she’s brilliant, subtle and humble. We LOVE YOU MELANIA!
What an awesome and beautiful First Lady
Bless you and your husband for your service to our nation. I pray your son grows to be a great person as well. Thanks for your support for fellow veterans.
Please help Israeli POWs imprisoned for yrs denied contact w home in violatn of intrntl law. All-Arabs Iranians Somalis-shd obey law
You are such a visual person for America! I do not recall a FLOTUS who paid so many visits to so many country's  as well as being a wonderful example of a patriot. I have only one question. Do you and the POTUS ever sleep??? Thank YOU for your service
Thank you for taking the time to support our troops. You are a great First Lady.
Your husband is at it again with his cyber bullying calling Kim “short and fat” and the American people “haters and fools” I guess your work against cyber bullying isn’t going so well
Thank you Fotus, America loves you.

