Compassion
Everyone is happy and smiling.
It was disgusting and he was treating them like dogs.
He is talking to them and keeping high moral. If treated so bad why are they having fun???  Guess you choose to see what you want.
Who the hell has fun in a crisis? You're out of your mind.
You are just filled hate! Compassion Really!  You have None! Disease of #LiberalHatred has to stop.
So Anna is probably alone or Her man has cheated or left her to put her in her situation. But if she doesn't change she will be alone.
Joe, we don't need to hear about your past dating history
My prayers for them 
So y’all are just gonna visit and not do anything about this huh?
People sport the our frist lady. Because she is a very good persons. She's doing a great job with the U.S. economy. People's loves you God b
I’d be more impressed if everything they did wasn’t a photo op
Like the Clintons and Obamas did!
Thank you Melania.
Thank you, Mrs Trump, for being the woman you are. I and my family are proud to have you as our FLOTUS. Love you! xxoo
Yenge Las Vegas’ı ziyaret etmiş
POTUS must speak with Dana Rohrabacher! Thank you 4all you do.
And nothing will be done to prevent it from happening again. #hollowwords
Which one of these Presidents appears "unpresidential"?
We hit the American jackpot with you and @POTUS! You are truly the best role models for America and we are so proud of both if U&your support for America's victims in Vegas! A class act our First Family is! A class act the country music fans are also! God Bless the angels we lost
A porn star and a serial adulterer are your role models?!?
Better than Obama and Hillary,  at least trump is very transparent. .most transparent president ever! !!!!
Yes, his racism and stupidity are very transparent.
How is he racist
Who?

God bless you and POTUS for doing all you do to uplift those who have been through a lot.  
wonderful
Stop faking. You are ridiculous like your husband
@FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump Thanks for your hard work helping & supporting the victims of L.V. & their families...God bless! 
 #LVStrong
Have a good time
Thank you both for all you do.  Best FLOTUS,  POTUS, and family.

My best friend of 30yrs was murdered at the event! We need action instead of words!
I am sorry for your loss.
What did she lose, just her dignity when she married Donny John
She lost her friend. Be compassionate in this thread.
That’s too bad, we all have losses, I have no compassion for those that don’t extend it to others I.e. Americans
Uh wtf is he talking about? Don't get into an argument with an idiot. I appreciate your kind thoughts.
#Perfect1stLady !!!!

Thank You First Lady. You represent our country with dignity and grace.  I am your fan and supporter.
Why does everyone worry about medical coverage but nobody stops these hospitals from outrageous charges? Some executives get over $500,000
They won't be forgotten until it's time to talk gn reform and hen no one will care. Watch!
Thank you for visiting our hospital I was the first one welcome you. 
espero que tengan umpoco de pas para que puedanseguir con ayudando a su jente
Please beg your husband to be the @POTUS to make lasting change #GunsenseNOW
And yet Trump doesn't lift a finger to limit gun violence. #LasVegasShooting
Illegal  Melania must be a LONELY women because  narcissist 45 can only love  himself … makes one wonder hmm
Anymore nudie pics coming?
We love you both so much! Thank you for caring so much!
Is this the first time you've kept your clothes on in Vegas?

#VegasStrong.
God bless allways

This touched my heart.Good folks,very professional.
#TheStormIsHere #QAnon posts #release the memo
Thank you Melania
Start with gun restrictions and free mental health services.
Thank you FLOTUS You're amazing
What a pathetic comment, please save the 140 characters
We are proud of our @FLOTUS.

Thank you for your grace and kindness.
She's an awesome woman isn't she? Legal immigrant, fluent in multiple languages, who knows EXACTLY what America stands for. @POTUS is LUCKY.
It’s been a while to have a Lady in the White House (don’t get PC, check the color of the house )
She is an elegant,  articulate, intelligent beautiful woman.
Yeah, as if melania could name even one who was killed.
Amazing First Lady 
You can buy your own for the right price $$$
What's it like FLUNKUS to be married to #TrumpIsAMoron
Merci
You see any hugs?? Very aloof. Bragging his much they"re doing. Not comforting looking. OK, to use trump's word....FAKE
What is happening in Florida, Texas and Porto Rico.
President Trump & 1st Lady Bring Warmth & Understanding To All In Las Vegas! 
Please stop using unnecessary ampersands.
Thank God we have a First Lady and President of our COUNTRY who Believes in GOD @TheFive  thank You President Trump
Perhaps you should make these type of visits and leave the man child at home!
Thank you so much for bringing hope & love to those in need. 
Thank you FLOTUS for being a very classy first lady unlike the previous one who is causing the great divide.
God bless them, and you, Mrs. Trump.
good of you
OH, HONEY, RUN! RUN! RUN!!!!!  Take your Son & RUN!!!! THIS IS NOT 'Normal.' You will probably get S.S. forever, on my dime, but W. to W. GO
You are so fake
@FLOTUS - you make us proud to be AMERICANS!!!
May God continue to bless you, @POTUS and your family!
Should I quickly purchase Storm Insc., POTUS,said " calm before storm,what does that indicate,good that he has CNN,buzzing 
POTUS & FLOTUS at their best one on one with the people. Happy smiles.
So glad you were there as FLOTUS showing concern and empathy. You are a first class First Lady.
It must have been so emotionally draining but POTUS & FLOTUS were so kind & appreciate responders,heroes & Reliance on God
This looks more like a publicity stunt. #empathy
Thank you for caring and doing what you could to comfort our fellow Americans. God Bless you!
What uplifting moments you gave them. Thank you for being our First Lady ⚘ I love everything you do and wear  God bless you always 🕆🕆🕆

Who wrote that?
Very disturbing situation.
Respect!
@FLOTUS Melania you are beautiful & poised as always! Proud you are our First Lady!! Thank you @realDonaldTrump for visiting our wounded!!
I know your and the POTUS support through all the tragedies is very welcoming and shows Americans how much you care,Thank you :-)
You and my President are beyond words of appreciation for what you're doing. I'm grateful and Blessed to be a Peruvian American for 55 years

Ah. The First Moron I presume. Good morning.
Hollow words from a hollow bimbo
Dear Melania this is a wonderful man you stand by give him strength and love for a few people hurt him yet majority love his guidance.
This 'wonderful man' is a serial adulterer and a sexual predator. You have been misled.
We had devastating hurricanes & massive carnage. Americans are sad & suffering. Plz tell pres not to make comments abt "calm before storm"
My friends were there. It was the scariest saddest experience... I don't believe now they will ever go back. God bless ALL those families!
We have such an awesome @potus & @FLOTUS 
Trump & Melania have had more disasters in just the last few weeks than another POTUS since FDR
Seems like Bush the 2nd might have had one that was a little worse. Unless you mean self inflicted disasters.
We love you Melania!!!
you are a credit
What are their names again?

These filthy mouthed tweeters will be so sorry for their terrible behavior when standing before their maker.
INDIA STANDS WITH U UNDER SUCH MONUMENTAL TRAGEDY IN USA 
MAY GOD BLESS AMERICA
Their real people (Mr. Trump and Mrs Trump)  never saw any such President show so much towards his fellow Americas as they have!
Ti si budala!
Thank you for being the most uplifting @FLOTUS we have had in a long time!
Let your husband know that the shooters actions were in protest of “NRA Country.” The NRA’s relationship with country music fans.
No words necsssary! They getting the message!  #thestorm
You will be forgotten in mater of seconds$
Isn’t that sweet oh brother
...LoVe IT : American Pray - no Secret no crime RaDio Head MoonWalKer! ! @
There are more Thomas Gundersons in our country than the left. Everyone should tell the story.We the people thank God for you Flotus.
Gun Control Now
Thank you, Mr. President & First Lady, for caring about all who endured this horrendous event. I’m a proud American again, thanks to you. 
We love you @FLOTUS   You are a wonderful representative of our nation.  Thank you!
Tell husband Wall
Hmmmm wonder why Ellen follows melania when she hates her husband our president so much!
Then for gods sake please do something about it....
Thank you Melania. How refreshing.
Thank you, FLOTUS.. for your grace under so many challenging circumstances.  The American people are with you!



I wonder if she got some runway time in while she was in Vegas?
You were a beautiful, healing presence. So proud that you are our First Lady!
fantastic
Blessings to you, @FLOTUS Flotfrom Solvang, Ca
You Are the greatest
Our last potus probably wouldn't have had time to go
https://twitter.com/jesusguerrero1/status/916110304399855616 … @realDonaldTrump
 @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @USCIS
But Trumps will be forgotten,  thank the Lord!


Nice
WE ARE GLAD THAT HE IS FINALLY TREATING 
 YOU WITH RESPECT BY WAITING FOR YOU, HOLDING HANDS  LIKE VICE PRESIDENT PENCE. WE ARE GLAD FOR YOU
Why does your husbands ex call all the time? The kids are in their 30's or more?? What is going on? She has direct line???
Cheers!
Thank you Mrs. Trump for the awesome job you are doing! MAGA!
Don’t think so. Your husband has no idea how to be a president. Shame!
Our President and First Lady are incredible. They lift up our people and always on top of everything. We love you.
It’s nice to have a President again. The last time a Prez went to Vegas it was Obama 4 a fundraiser - right smack in the middle of Benghazi
Thank you #POTUS45 AND Melania #FLOTUS
Thank you FLOTUS! Your efforts are welcomed and appreciated. 
@realDonaldTrump Thank you both for being so genuine and compassionate. Praying for you.
@anna_nhftrn shut up. I don't see you doing anything to help. At least he's not playing golf like Obama

I just lost my husband on August 4 through his illness it was so uplifting to me to have you and the president in the White House
Thank you Melania. You are loved.
@ThomasWictor Great job
Very gracious First Lady
We love you Melania. So nice to have a real lady that loves America back in the WH! We love POTUS too.
We appreciate your compassion. God Bless!
She looked beautiful & was so warm and comforting to all. Yet, @Vogue didn't cover her, she was flawless in dress & all she did that day
Name one victim!
You and your husband are a joke. He needs to throw in the towel he is an embarrassment to this country
Why are Gun Manufacturers protected from Lawsuits? We do not protect Cigarette, drug, car, toy, etc.... just about any other manufacturer
Ur husband, the illegitimate president,  forgot them before he left the hospital, unless he was trying 2 decide which pic he look better in
How do you stay married to that disgrace of a human being?
