You mean the statues of confederate traitors constructed back in the Jim Crow era? Nothing honorable about worshiping confederate scum.
Fact is Democrats or Dixecrats were the ones who funded with tax payers money most of the statues. Thanks Democrats
And it’s current Republicans that are crying about removing their traitor heroes.
My point south lost, crap should have never been put up in the first place and most of the people crying use to vote Democrat I lived this.
My point is Republicans are the ones worshiping these fucking traitors NOW. They are the racist pieces of shit NOW.
You need a dictionary.
For what?
A better vocabulary.
Imagine the archive in 100 years’ time as we look back at the Dark Times of President Trump
Did you vote for Trump?
That's ok, you'll benefit too from the legacy he leaves.  Time will prove one of us right..
What do you think his legacy will be?
Not sure, I'm willing to support new blood.  I just know most "career" politicians in DC today are all corrupt, swamp needs draining.
Don’t you find his lack of social conscience, poor diplomatic skills and shady links with Russia a concern?
Whereas, I believe he came into the office as an asshole and actually WANTS to be a better man now
You are the essence of class

yes but there is such a thing as decency too.
btw it's the GOP who want to control women's bodies!
go tell the GOP 
Silvouple mwen vle vizi te usa
PLEASE! USE THIS as a portion in a Network Broadcast Christmas T.V. Tour of the WHITE HOUSE @ CHRISTMAS"
Historians: You're welcome, Madame First Lady.
Oh, and we have something else for you:
Yeah....Because we know that most of your examples are from the left. Quit crying over the election, and try again the next time. Sheesh
@MELANIATRUMP @WhiteHouseHstry @WhiteHouse safe travels Melanie
You know? You actually seem classy and dignified. What do you see in your husband?
Our president has something that you couldn't ever understand. Honor for America, a back bone for America, honor for our vets and our flag.
But no honor for the women he moves on like a bitch or the ones he grabs by the pussy?
No honor for gold star families or the active duty men an woman he puts in danger with his Twitter tantrums.

STORMY
Thanks for your service to this country!!! You’re making a difference and I appreciate it!!!
Blah blah go away and leave our WH to Americans and not foreign born. Merit based remember???
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
#Jerusalem_of_palestine
To become a citizen she had to know US history better than you could imagine
This country is not a democracy it is a republic. Learn the difference
How's the bullying campaign going ?
You rock, Melania! #MAGA
yeah  don't tell your husband. He's bound to destroy it all since he isn't really familiar with White House culture and history.
Greatest First Lady ever 
Maxwell from Bombay into arts to exports 0091 9820902408 whatapp Viber
We would love to see you on TV alot more Melania and your ideas are good in Oregon needs alot more for our children love to see you holding hands with our president it brings unity help Oregon I am Clinton Paul Reed a disciple of Jesus Christ with love to you
Classy!
FLOTUS SUCH A CLASSY LADY
Please Melania, help our veterans by giving them access to cannabinoid pain relief versus narcotics that produce so many negative side effects. It's so wrong to deny them legal access to the right medicines. Help them. And others who need this medicine. xoxo

Donald Trump is clearly unfit for his office, and the American people know it. http://bit.ly/2yYw6pq  https://www.publicpolicypolling.com/polls/support-impeachment-record-high/ …
God Bless America! Thank you President Trump & Mrs Trump!!
ok

God Bless America Always ;)))
Here honey, fixed it for ya...
You are beutiful but u can never be in the same class as jackie. Jackie was a very classy 1st lady.
U are nothing like jackie. Javkie never pose nude or was a hooker. Nithing about u says america. Jackies all american
Must be nice children r dying in porto rico. U only go where no one know the truth about u and that fonny trump
Blaw blaw
You're the prettiest First Lady; thumbs up to you & The Donald! Yes, I voted for him.
Those who have preserved these things love America. Thankful we have a President and First Lady to whom these things matter.  Prayers.
Class act!

Trump threatens our Constitution, our freedoms, and our lives. It’s time to begin impeachment proceedings. Join us. https://www.needtoimpeach.com  
@FLOTUS Did you know there's a pool under the press room that was closed off.  I think now it is used for IT.
My 74 yo Dad used to go swimming in it because his Dad worked in Washington thus kiddo security clearance.
Oh wow that's something to remember!
Thank you @FLOTUS for loving our country and helping @POTUS #MAGA 

in the woods, chen to rise to the sun, America is a trunk,natural law,Trump saw himself as an old tree felling "Should he act without delay"
I bet she has no idea these tweets are being sent in her name......
What do you care about that? You have no clue about American history you are a foreigner. Talk about culture? Ask your husband he’s a racist
Your husband is bullying a US Senator and using a racial slur against her. Are you going to do anything to stop it?
And they are preserving hubbie’s tweets, Ivanka & Jared’s email,....still thankful?
AND ALL DEMS OBAMA HILLARY PEDO PODESTAS LYNCH HOLDER RICE SCHULTZ OH YEAH AND BRAZILLE 
I
#SupportKurdistan
May your husband be charged soon!
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/nov/05/robert-mueller-michael-flynn-son-trump-russia …
#Mueller
#Flynn
#MichaelGFlynn
Make sure your husband’s treason is preserved! #TrumpRussia
Yes THANK YOU for preserving our nations History! Our History is what allows us to grow and become and even greater Nation!  America!!
We need to preserve our history
You are a 1st class First Lady. Im proud, of our president and you.
Will your husband and step children’s mugshots be a part of the preserved and collected artifacts on display? Asking for the country!
you're opinion. It's like @$$holes, everybody has one
Nope sounds pretty truthful. Since being on her bandwagon is important to you, be sure to pen pal her when she and her family are in jail
Hahaha
Nice
Are they preserving those White House visitor logs that Dotard wont release?

NYT strongly implying that Trump conspired w Prince Mohammed bin Salman to have his rival Prince Alwaleed arrested. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/11/04/world/middleeast/saudi-arabia-waleed-bin-talal.html?referer=https%3A%2F%2Ft.co%2FmUr0haN5z1%3Famp%3D1 …
hmmm, and what will we have to save from the Trump White House? Maybe TV remote control from whining wannabee dictator.
Preserving ones youth! Ah ITS NOT YOU!
I me ask an African from Nigeria,  D J
@POTUS buffoonery will get USA credit rating too Junk Status.
Right! Thanks to Osama Obama.
Thank you for keeping it classy FLOTUS. The verbal and video attacks on your family are painful to see. Ignoring it shows me your priorities

Hey How Special Our 1st Lady is really no
Other 1st Lady has ever thanked n complimented the WH like this TY Melania for being so chic n
If you're putting up hindends, where is Hillary?

My daughter and I visited the museums in DC this summer and really enjoyed it! We appreciate what has been done there too.
Following u
Are they using these artifacts to teach her American history? @realDonaldTrump should maybe sit for a class because he doesn't know shit

Trump Protest at the State Capitol. There were like three pro-trump people lol #hawaiij20 #hawaii 
osem ur
I wonder how much his wife go through and
Still protect him faithfully. So sad @realDonaldTrump @EdKrassen @Robert_Blair @Acevsthem
The immoral tyrants even spend their money on their nenegad thief Timya !!!
https://e.top4top.net/p_489ggzem1.jpg 
SHOW US YPUR GREENCARD!
welkie
Too bad the Clintons stole a load of furniture when they left the white house  - probably some keepsakes in that theft.
Thank you for saying this. We love you as our First Lady. God bless you and your Family.
How about this? Will this be preserved?
Will this be archived too? Part of our history...
You sick ass. How dare you do this. He who is without sin cast the first stone.
Americans are delighted that Melania Trumps class, style, grace and beauty will be part of our history.
You obviously do not speak for all Americans being delighted!
Please don't let the haters destroy OUR history.  Liberals hate what they don't understand.

So glad to have a intelligent, beautiful first lady again! The last one was hideous, racist, and angry
It is you not u.
Thank you for sharing I never knew that existed! Keep up the good work you guys are doing great glad I voted for you ( the both of you :-) )

Thank you for representing America with such Class along with
Your love for our great Country.
Sounds good MELANIA too bad u didn’t write it. See u really settled in. Like it huh. Nice to live free on someone’s dime. U are useless.
Hope it's still there when you get home

Importen artifacts from @WhiteHouse
Yes American history is great despite some serious human failures :) Thank POTus for being a REAL President & you for being a wonderful FL
Great words
Keep preserving it. It's an American treasure.
You don't even know missy
https://youtu.be/B0gq4X_UwxIlisten … my friend s dear
That is what you could do. All the monuments to be torn down you collect them and display them in another place.
God bless you Melania!
She can write it in several languages...and U ?
You and sugar daddy called the W.H. Trash to live in 
Michelle Obama and Dr Jill Bidon were both very supportive of our Vets. Not a fan of 44 but M was a good FLOTUS. Despite campaign rhetoric.
I never had a bad thing to say about any other FLOTUS! Thanks for continuing the tradition.
@realDonaldTrump @CNN trump is destroying things other spent years to preserve. You shd tell trump how to preserve. Not change due to hate
Preserving history is helpful~ There *is* a Ritz Moscow tape. CIA told BBC in January. We know of 8 witnesses already. Bet you’re insulted?
My friends friend friend said you were a....?.Come on Lynn I hated 44 but Michelle and Jill were very nonpartisan. Give it a rest. Peace.
I found his grandchild who was spying on me in New York ,I found a FSB informer who is close to my house 
hi melania you are very nice god bless you and your husband for america
Your graciousness and tender heart does not go unappreciated. You are a true role model for America’s future ladies to be
Role model?

How do you assess the relationship between Vietnam and the United States?

Your husband is going to prison...doo dah, doo dah
Someone has to protect our history & culture before everyone else tries to destroy it.
Thank you! mrs. Trump. You make us proud.
I don't think that u need to thank anyone,there r many Americans who work very hard to save the history of our country
Please help the people of Cambodia too. The doctor Hun Sen no good.
They're saving it from your gold leaf spray paint.
Beautiful gracefull lady. Stay strong. America has your back.
Love you Flotus, still don't understand why you stay with that man.
Flotus doesnt tweet... 
Wake up people...
Its all scripted...
Being on 1 network with only 1 show 
Was not good enough...
And thank you Mam for being the epitome of what a FLOTUS should be. God bless you and your family!

Thank you. USA is lucky to have you. Sad to think in the future as we look back, we will see all the history liberals are ruining  :(
Including National Park lands?
Since when do you give a shite about American history and culture? Give us a break, trophy wife.
Melania you are an intelligent, kind and beautiful lady!
Your a wonderful First Lady...
I spent 3 years in Turkey making a documentary on terrorism, have a HUGE body Of research need help finding an editor
What brought that up?  Break something? LOL.
It is wonderful that they do preserve these artifacts of history and culture, as the left are attempting to erase all traces of it all over the #USA.  I sincerely hope that some type of legislation will be drawn up to protect all that is left!
Keep your husband away from the hookers!Pissing on furniture frowned upon in asia.feel free to piss on him
You are such a gracious FLOTUS 
???????????????RUSSIA????????????
You're so screwed up Debbie you don't know what you're talking about looks like the Democrats are coming out of the closet like cockroaches
Thanks for being reserved but what's with the cyber bullying cause you've taken up? Are you trying to be funny? You see the irony don't you?
Great! Are your "college" transcripts or Visa documents going to be displayed?
what does it matter to you janet chapin?
Yes! It is very important to preserve our history and learn from it.
Hahahaha...Obama's birth certificate 

I love our FLOTUS!!
Thank you for being the 1st Kady yo actually care about preserving American History.  You keep proving that America really won in 2016.  
Who is that travelling with your husband on his Asian trip?
As all Americans should (preserve the historic artifacts) of our national history; not dependent up on the individuals private life.
Are these your own words ? Ohh no .. writer  in the house !24/7#needed!
Check your retweet from Obama then rethink your tweet. Or are U the exception? "No one is born with hate"?
Be nice if she spoke English!
