Nice sentiment. Too bad hubby doesn't share.  The disrespect @realDonaldTrump served up yesterday for Native American Code Talkers, service members all, was disgusting.  Could you give him a beatdown with one of those tall, spindly tree branch thingies in the hallway?
He doesnt listen to her any more than his advisors. Shes a trophy wife. Nothing more.
And what a trophy, beauty and brains!
If she had brains shed be DOING for veterans NOT talking about them.
She does what she can but when you have liberals fighting everything then it's hard to get things done. Liberals need to worry about America and not their party for a change.
Same thing can be said for republicans. I'm an independent and BOTH party's are a disgrace.
This you and I can agree on. Both parties need to quit being babies and start worrying about the people who pay their salaries
Sad fact is that people keep voting in the very people who vote on bills that hurt them.  For example, the so-called tax "cut" bill.  People need to stop voting AGAINST their own interests.
Please teach your embarrassing husband how to thank service members properly. He could take a cue from you.
With a mug like that donna u should be embarrassed...
Shame in you. Thats what bullies do. Insult.
Exactly, donna should not have bullied flotus about her husband thus starting this twitter thread!!!!
I don't like melania. I don't think shes a good first lady. Thats MY personal opinion. I just don't think insults help anything.
Then tell donna not to insult flotus .  Her actions brought about the thread.  Melania has done nothing to any of u but because u dislike her husband u think its fine to sttack her.
She is a public figure and fair game for scrutiny. WE are paying her to be there And her embarrassing husband.
And there shows ur true colors.  Yet u call me a bully!  Ur attempt at being rightuous just backfired on u.  Fair game is definitely wrong!!!
Represents America with class
I almost didn't recognize her. She has clothes on.
Agreed. She is a skanky, money grubbing ho...
At least she is proud of America unlike the last one
Yeah. This one proudly takes her clothes off in America for photo shoots . Sooooo classy...
Fine with me as long as she is proud of America. Are you?
Proud of my country because it is #Muellertime!!! The short fingered vulgarian's days are numbered. When he goes, the rest of the wretched lot goes too. Overcoming adversity (and we've never known such adversity) makes me especially proud! #Muellertime
May God bless them all!
Your posts are very sincere and genuine.
her ghost tweeter thanks you.
Better than a troll like you I suppose ...
Mrs. Trump I would love to get to color your hair.
Too bad you or no one else can say the same for your othe half.
Isaiah 58:11
The Lord will guide you continually, And satisfy your soul in drought, And strengthen your bones; You shall be like a watered garden, And like a spring of water, whose waters do not fail.
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)
#GOD is with us #JesusHeals  #OneNationUnderGOD
A #Nation under #One #True #GOD #JesusHeals  #OneNationUnderGOD
Proverbs 8:15-16
By me kings reign, And rulers decree justice. By me princes rule, and nobles, All the judges of the earth.
Greetings from México Melania, you are so beautiful and intelligent. I wish we  had a first lady like you. God bless América
You can have her AND her lovely husband.
Shame you can't move to a different country with a different first family!! Poof I would send you to IRAC!!
Thank you for being awesome!!
very difficult to be away from family anytime
that's what service members do, do their service !!!
You don't give a shit about our service people that's why you are trying to start WW3!!!!
YOU CAN ALSO INVITE THE PUBLIC ALONG WITH SERVICE MEMBERS IT'S CALLED THE PEOPLE'S HOUSE BUT WE HAVE TO LIVE ANOTHER THREE YEARS WITH AN EMBARRASSING FIRST LADY LIKE YOU
They're not there for you.  They are there for the free stuff.
We love  you...stay strong ...Merry Christmas
GIVE A HERO A COFFEE BREAK!

For only $2.50 you can thank a member of the armed forces for their service with a hot, fresh cup of Green Beans Coffee
So Agree Melania!!
THAT'S FOR SURE
Just like the ones you slung Pocahontas at in ur usual head up ur ass way!
Thank you for remembering them.
Something or someone keeps undoing my retweets and my likes on the first ladies Twitter account and the president's I don't know who or what you doing it but I wish it would stop I support our president and first lady and we'll retweet and like everything they ever do

I don;t care what anybody says...You are by far The hottest First Lady yet!  Not even Jacklyn Kennedy comes close.  Rock on Melania
Like does no one remember Frances Cleveland?! She was first lady at 21!
Thank you Melania all you do! Never forget that you are amazing!
God bless you and all service members @FLOTUS 

"during the holidays"   Are you now part of The War on Christmas?  Better shape up or Donnie Johnny will deport you for not toeing the line.
My Spiritual Girl Melania Trump First Lady of the United States??????? Really, I thank you so much for this living action if very important life its life of these children etc ... God Bless etc ... AMEN!!! THANK YOU...
I know what it’s like to be on foreign shores during the holidays, and you do miss being home.
Ahoj kotě 
How’s that internet bullying project going? 
Considering that’s exactly what you are doing to her...
So, what you’re saying is it’s failing completely?
Only because people like you decide to be the problem.
Oh no, did I hurt your little feelings? Poor baby.
Thus proving my point. Good night.
Man, twitter needs a sarcasm font. I’m going to go cry over disappointing you now.
Not disappointed, you behave exactly like i thought you would.
Your comments are appreciated, but you must be getting sick and tired of your husband’s denigration of the troops and veterans.  Could you have a talk with him about it? Please?
I am a Veteran.  President Trump has UTMOST respect and love for all Veterans!  #MAGA
Exactly, especially @SenJohnMcCain who was captured for over 5 years.
Right dear
Something or someone keeps undoing all of my retweets and likes of the first lady president and their Administration anyone connected to them I don't know who or what is doing this but it's bologna and it needs to stop something needs to be done about this it's not fair
MEL IS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL FIRST LADY IN THE HISTORY OF USA
You are such a Breath Of Fresh Air @FLOTUS ! I have never been so Proud of A First Lady ! You are Truly A Blessing ! God Bless You & Your Family
May He keep You Safe and your life and home filled with Love & Joy  #MAGA
Amen!!!
Dreaming is free, snowflake
the best first  lady <3
Agreed! Thanks for the follow! #MAGA #MerryChristmas
Love you, Melania!!! Best Flotus we've ever had.
Yirp... speaks FIVE languages FLUENTLY.   Beauty, brains, body...  she's got it all.
Duh?  j/k.  My hubby thanks God everyday he's married to a smart woman..  ME!
In the era of fake news, I’m going to have to ask you to take this test. I’ve never met a smart hand

Amen
What class and beauty this woman has

Staged.
She wont touch a drop of scotch,  no,
She loves Champagne! 
https://youtu.be/tBRdOYsMpxQ 
And be respectful to Native Americans who serve
He will be impeached.
Much more important to have a Commander in Chief respect our service members (Past, Present & Future). Even the ones with brown skin and "weird" names. 

Not a good idea for @realDonaldTrump to use a racial slur at a ceremony for our service heros - and we noticed the Jax pic too
It’s not a racial slur, if you, identify yourself as being Indian
This means diddly squat coming from any of you today after the "gratitude" that was shown to our Navajo WWII veterans yesterday. This tweet is tactless and that ceremony was atrocious. SHAME.
How was that disrespectful do you know what Senator Warren did she lied about being Native American get out of the city once in a while the air is bad
Sorry Nick she applied as a Native American the law states you have to be at least 50% Native American she use that to further her careerit's illegal she got away with it look it up
Well you're right I don't know how to put my picture up here but here's what I look like
Too bad your sorryass hubby didnt serve like I did @FLOTUS
Well, aren't you special @tice44.  Bye!
The White House is beautiful and thank you to all who worked so hard to make it happen.  
What a deplorable  deplorable deplorable human being they must serve - make no mistake about that- is there no end to the ignorance and the idiocy of this president????
You need to figure out what side you’re really on! Such an embarrassment!
Sending love from Minnesota. So glad you are FLOTUS
You in your white dress and a nativity scene with Donald as ox or donkey  is decoration enough !!  Have a good time !
malania  

Bla bla 
Thanks to president trump’ & First Lady! Let’s MAGA!! & making Christmas ! Great Again!!!!!
Ya shamli  hir
Thank you First Lady Melania for remembering our service members home and afars
Que curioso qué la mayoría son negros y pocos blancos. Claro nesecitas blancos para castigar esclavos
Our Christmas products are ready 

https://poshpresentshop.com/collections/christmas …
Thanks u lovely ur amazing
Your doing a great job First Lady Malania...I Love seeing everything you do because I know you do it from your Heart. God Bless you 


Amen Melania 
Gees, white righties, Melania talked about the "holidays" in this tweet instead of using the term "Christmas." I'm guessing some of the fake religious conservatives are having heart attacks.
I see you're running interference for your maniacal husband. Take some advice and file for divorce quickly.
Thank you, Melania, You too are a big part of making America Great Again.
Just want to show a little appreciation for your hard work
Maybe you should let your husband know that. All he seems to do is disrespect them and Golf Star Families.
KAC, Marry X'mas to all the members of the USA Armed Forces. Anywhere in this universe. May the Lord be always w/ you, and your families.
Salud, O
Thank you Melania!
So tell your hubby to stop sending undocumented troops to iraq and Syria. Tell your hubby to stop warmongering. Rome fell once before trying to do exactly what we are doing.

Come to Niğde
Absolutely agreed!  
I can't believe you want to be with the orange bald Russian ass clown! Get out with 1/2 the money while you can baby!
Cause we all know how much you and @IvankaTrump care about children. You're right, #Complicit. There really is a special place in hell for people like you and your clan. It's called federal prison! #RESIGN
#faketits
FUN FACT:
Melania Trump's father Viktor was a member of the Slovenian League of Communists.
They had to be communists in that period Slovenia was under Yugoslavia (no culture)
And her father was really good at it to rise to a high rank.
High ranks? He was a car dealer.
Indeed.
and then in 1972, the Knavses moved into a larger apartment in a new housing block for workers of the communist government-owned textile factory.  This later led to his daughter becoming the superstar you mindlessly cult worship.
How long have you lived in Russia?
#Cult45

thank you!!!!
Look at all those black kids in that photo! Miss nude immigrant model is such BS!
Maybe at some point you’ll do some other then walk around the White House having glamour shots of yourself taken.
I would sue the fuck out of anybody who put my child in the room with a porn star
Agree - they sacrifice a lot including their spouse & their children.
Tobie również Droga Melanii.
Tell that to your husband who has no problem putting them all in harms way.
This Vietnam veteran is not thankful for your draft dodging husband
Stop using black children for your fake narrative
منورة حلوه
Your incredibly thoughtful! God bless you! Praying for you!
Photo op, what a joke!

From the pole to hosting events at the white house. She done came up!
You can save this country. Talk to Mueller.
Our service members, Veterans, 1st Responders got more thanks from THIS President in 6 months than they got from our last one in 8 years!! It makes my heart sing to see how much they are appreciated now!!MAGA
This tax bill your husband and his cronies passed sure does tell them how grateful you are 
That's not a sentence, miss first lady ma'am. Can you maybe have a native English speaker proofread your tweets, as you are representing the entire nation with extremely poor grammar (sort of like your husband...)?
Thank you so much for sharing these special moments at the White House.
It’s important that women stand by other women and not permit sexual predators like your husband & Moore to be elected Senator or POTUS! Shame on you!
Never forget who is your husband:
You can say that, Again!
ＯＫ
Like you  melania trump
Thank you to ALL service members! Thank you Flotus! Merry Christmas!
You did an absolutely beautiful job on the White House! My granddaughters just adore it and wish they could take a tour of it, but I told them I couldn't afford it. I wish I could, but you can look at the pictures and enjoy! Merry Christmas to you and yours! 
First lady I must deeply apologize I read all your tweets then I reply to the negative comments I didn't realize the comments were being sent to your account also please forgive me
Ma’am, you are an Angel. Ma’am.
AND a porn queen stripper

Thank you first lady
FLOTUS is an example to all 

For sick men like Trump females serve 1 purpose, even baby & adult daughters.  

Thank you from a Navy Mom. God bless you and your family. Merry Christmas!
beautiful.

We are thankful for you!
That's very sweet Melania!
Thank you for your support
Wait a minute!!! YOU SAID HOLIDAYS!  Not Christmas!  What in God’s name are you doing?  I thought it was going to be all about promoting CHRISTMAS!   WTF?  Wow
WE LOOK FORWARD TO A SPECIAL CHRISTMAS AND A VIEW INTO THE WINDOWS OF THE WONDERFUL WH AT CHRISTMAS !!!  The cookies looked great !  ITS SO SPECIAL FOR ALL OF US - THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH - MERRY MERRY  CHRISTMAS  LADY MELANIA TRUMP 
As the brother of a vet, this means a lot. Bigly 
Tell this to the @potus - Service members from all ethnicities, backgrounds, sexualities and genders.

God bless you Our @FLOUTUS
Beautiful!
Especially those with body parts still being discovered, you hypocrite commie.  Or should we call you “Natasha”?
By banning trans service members? What about helping our vets
TY @FLOTUS=Mrs. Trump from a grateful Navy Mom!!!
Nice sentiment.  Will not distract from your awful hubby ruining our country.  Too bad he is not far away from us!
Amen 
https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DBd8WZ1WaOac&h=ATMg_IxW7pd0jcyLwFHdNe2kyUvdazHcXRLjeEcz7miuV4WMjsmzibAnu1mgjB1Io9FIoo78er4DlZwH1RyeymOAszd2MUD_OjLdyq8yEp_1CAEXdDwbKw7Q9CJBTEOZgrXhv6_CRQU&enc=AZPKZXaBc87xM3HaEOlkgTXKtZELMXvHsdwlctG5zO2L9iss53feXXdW1lXc-Hf-x4uGdBTvClkHBbOJIll-6IkZ6K5yf1pAV93B_2cqC7f5DW4GsG_nb9igkjK4RT2AARznL-XU3XVH1TAJMq4aOrDvAfnLT3OYYBtwIbXyF9MDrgKNu6vE_Z4MlTDMf2xW0E0hkgk-_n9d2_z1YObCHQ1-2CTUSu_Jy-AwUwNdXh4Io7Xu5NT7UqC7gsRFbG4ytZv36AuxJNHMwZZ6xtMbiJPrBsWyPq6YiBKXAWhrsI6CqONGyoHlohg25B9V4GCQ7e8PT3EJb1xiD6sQyAyPWNkrK46ve-wTFhs0Uidj8vmOEX7-VLE-tM6sGRCLGc8e_ulVK_GZGsyxUyftTEeC-e9AK_IQSXiNzYbsA68o4g4xgQ&s=1 …
Thank you Melania, you are doing a wonderful job as First Lady.

Should we believe any of that
Good morning illiterate idiot. Just checking in to see if you've read a book or even have a high school degree. Between you and your husband the country is being run by two of the most stupid people ever
Service members for their service....you have the best words.
I applaud you for honoring our finest men and women to “our home.”
You want to step in and start putting your goal of stopping Cyberbullying in place? Now would be a good time. Your husband is bullying whole groups of people - which could put them in danger.  DO. SOMETHING.
It is important to thank them. However stripping their & veterans benefits is something your husband should avoid. Oops! He & Repub Congress already did! Don't just tweet about them!  For God's sake do something to protect them!
Will baron be signing up ?
Or will he puss out like his father and siblings?
Amen.
Yes Ma'am and to thank you for yours.  You get a lot of grief and don't seem to enjoy the  benefits afforded to other First Ladies but there are a lot of people out here who see and value what you do and empathize with what you put up with.  Thank YOU for your service.
Thank you First Lady Melania. We stand with you and the fine work you are doing. Merry Christmas to you & your beautiful family. 
Yes and then screw them over by taking their free healthcare away. #LIAR
Amen! Yes, very important. Ty. Tyvm for your time and service to our great country. 
Merry Christmas Mrs. Trump.
President TRUMP and yourself are the two best things that has happened to the United States. Thank you, God bless and have a Very Merry Christmas
