Thank you, Melania, you've brought grace, class, beauty and a huge heart to @WhiteHouse.  We're proud of you 
DeLUSIONAL Babs - Ck out @flotus porn pics. She's one sad woman these days.
she has a gorgeous body, and you, are just a jealous bîtch
And a personal trainer, and a chef, and a plastic surgeon and she's only in her forties, and...
Who needs a plastic surgeon in their middle 40s? Your jealousy is showing.
Raising my daughters to aspire to more than prostitution, porn star and only staying trim. @flotus has had plenty of plastic surgery. I feel sorry/sad for her. Nothing more.
Unless you have  proof of plastic surgery you're  spreading innuendo. She speaks five languages fluently and is a mill in her own right.
Wouldn't say it if it weren't true. Look at young pics of her. 2 plastic surgeon clients of mine know for a fact what's been done. But so what?.. I was speaking to her sadness. Someone else stupidly brought up her body/looks.
Money doesn't buy happiness, is true, no?
Just like it doesnt buy a presidential election.
Ah...but it did!
Ahh but it didnt.
Melania is an all around beautiful person!
Yes. So many people have seen all of her!
I don't judge people on their past.
Well aren't you special!
It's you democrats that get on here and spew your venom. You have nothing to add to the table except delusions.
Oh dear! You are one of those snowflakes I've heard about!
Haha, you call US the snowflakes? You're the ones that flake over everything. Feel the Bern? There's preparation H for that! I'm a deplorable, not a snowflake. I'm still enjoying those #LiberalTears from election night!
First Lady  I Am Always Comment's. 100% Great Work And Great Culture Support Me And Any Good Man. Inside The world's. You Are Running Great Work. 100% Good Man Support. This Work.
Thank you USA troops and families for your sacrifice and your service!

In March, the UN OHCHR documented numerous US-backed, Saudi-led coalition airstrikes on food trucks and fishermen http://www.ohchr.org/EN/NewsEvents/Pages/DisplayNews.aspx?NewsID=21444&LangID=E …
Ha!!! TRUMP IS MY PRESIDENT!!
Love and respect, good job, Mrs Trump
Amen! God Bless you all and bring you home safely. We love you!
Draft dodger and a man who raised two sissy sons...yeah thanks @realDonaldTrump @EricTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr what patriots!!!!
Said the guy over the age of 8 with his hat on backwards.
I served for you so you coukd say that. 
One more time........What is your MOS??
he served with pocahantas
Pocahontas.

and thank you Virginia 
I am so proud of our first lady for what she has sacrificed to be a president's wife!

Thank you for wonderful welcome President Moon & First Lady Kim and people of Republic of Korea 
Good Morning,to All my friends and followers from #Japan #USA #UK #Neitherland #India #Israel  friends follow me @YogeshPrSingh
Wow...you have a lot of followers from different country....
Yes,  Thank you @DemiWuflower 
We have a real First Lady now! Very proud!!
Lmao yeah a former porn star.  next it'll be a lady of the night. Bunch of losers. 
Lol Liberal lies of course. Get outta here snowflake!
Not a lie it’s facts

Tell your husband not to fight with gold star families #sad
Keep drinking the Kool aid fool
I would love to see a sign that POTUS even BEGINS to get that sacrifice, which so often continues for decades.  I was not a plastic, toy soldier with which to play, and neither are current troops.
Love , Prayers and Respect for Our Troops and Our President and First Lady  Thank You !
Her country is not America.
I thank you for your service. Fact check, Melania was working here before she got citizenship. Trump helped her. She is an illegal  immigrant.
Thank you USA troops and families for your sacrifice and your service! #FLOTUSinAsia
I would feel so blessed to fly @FLOTUS or @POTUS ! Maybe one day!
beautiful, humble @FLOTUS - you rock!
Humble? I heard she decorated their hideous apartment in gold. I guess gold diggers have to have gold all around them.
It is refreshing to see such a wonderful and beautiful family in ALL ways as First Family. Melania, you are Loved by more than the people who actually Voted. I am Proud of you and your Family. May God Bless you all, Always.
Wow wow Super U r leader of women
Elegance. #maga
Beauty and grace...
So elegant and beautiful 
Indeed....that's art. Lol....your name describes you well
Art is Art sweetheart....regardless the race, religion, and yes politics...that's what's wrong now is the division some are causing such as yourself. *smh
This day and age it's considered art. Regardless if I like it or not.

Gorgeous 
Thank you Melania for being an elegant, classy first lady who just shines on the world stage.
Nice

Why don’t the trump kids join up? Put there otherwise self absorbed life to use? Maybe you can send your son when he is old enough? If the Royal Princes can go why not?
#FakePresident: mad dilettante in free fall
 UNTRUMP THE WORLD-FREE TWITTER
 http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
 https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
AND THANK YOU FOR YOUR TREASON.
Ur the only traitor since it's widely known u support communist china and N Korea. I will personally pay 4 a ticket 2 fly u out of the US. BOYCOTT CHRISTINA WONG. Anyone that says r military commits treason needs 2 go
Our Beautiful 1st lady - inside and out 
We've all see the outside for sure!
Like
FLOTUS!


That’s the ugliest outfit I’ve ever seen. And your shoes don’t match. #getAstyle
You evidently are way behind on style! 
Ha ha ha ha. I guess so! (Thank God!)
Thank you @FLOTUS for recognizing our great troops. It was my honor to of served this great country.
AGREED
.

My First Lady :) 

.
And I'm taking the Marine.  

Class is back in the White House! Thank you FLOTUS! 
Only to the weak-minded and the Russian trolls/bots.



LOL! You are the one trolling. Nice try....but, try again. #MAGA
And Goodbye
So proud to have you as our First Lady Melania you're grace,kindness and Beauty is un-matched! You remind me alot of the much loved princess Diana you spread Love and sunshine whereever you go!
Pushing Melania today, huh?
 #MAGA
Thank you Flotus for all that you do to help Make America Great
Lmao yeah by showcasing her porn talents. LMFAO.  you realize the world is laughing at America right?

Thank you to our sweet, classy and beautiful First Lady.

posting an image like that is almost as bad as posing for it, you know

and you now that even more stupid people didn't vote for him?
Honor to have served, your welcome and thank you and you family for making me a proud American once again.
You are thinking her draft dodging husband??
Thank you! Melania for representing the USA with grace and humility. You are wonderful role model for are young girls
Let's hope all young girls pose nude and marry men their dad's age like Melania!
Your guy  pants today and turn the plane back??? DMZ ain’t for sissies
Haha sure you have “Debbie” 
Can you read? Wasn't what I said. Mouth get in your way?
Hey Debbie, are you quoting @realDonaldTrump? He is just as articulate. Sad!
Felt sad for you initially. Self loathing jealousy must be tough. My sympathies are for your family. Mental illness is hard. Have a nice day

You've just proved my point.
Is that a Prostitute
She is beautiful and a wonderful representative  of our country.  Lovely woman!!!
Thank you @POTUS & @FLOTUS for loving & caring so much about our military. Thank you for putting #AmericaFirst 




Wasn’t Mel preggers when The Dotard made this boast?
@CtrlAltDroite jladore
Ç quand même mieux que la précédente lol 
Let’s keep the sacrifice to a minimum. Stop Donald from starting WW3
Thanking you in advance for never wearing this dress again!
A real Princess!
Tell your Husband since he left Americans are claiming their country back! Exile Now before getting Depose
No better escort! @miniherk 
Thank you for being the FLOTUS
Cyber bullies.. way to show your daughters how to be ugly on the inside...  my mom taught me to not say anything if u dont have anything nice to say.. @FLOTUS has done a wonderful job as the first lady..  #MAGA
Well said First Lady.
elegant,love;y soft hearted woman. so proud to have her as our flotus
It's all a front... reality television at its best. Package and market me, too, and you'd think I was the greatest
Keep the faith , and effort
Thank you #POTUS for your sacrifice & your servi.....err...ummmm....never mind.
Great ladypraying always for you & President Trump
For the first time in my adult life I can be proud of our brilliant beautiful classy first lady..
 God bless you and your family
Seriously, how brilliant can she be... look at her last name.  She's a smart, calculating "gold digger"... but it's all "blood money!"
I am sure Trump family will get much well wish cards when they are relocated to the Fort Leavenworth.
And thank you for representing the United States of America with such grace!
Stand by him.He looks so lonely and betrayed.Ive stood by him since day http://1.Like  my father.I get him and everything he does.Even to the point I worry for his safety when he is on the road his security.I get sick.
Do you not have #240characters?
It’s Wonderful To See how Much Our Troops  Love and Respect our President!
All troops don't respect this clown
how’s that anti-cyberbullying campaign going?
Or Hilary’s anti sexual assault
come back to 2017 sam.  melania is the first lady.
Who the heck is your designer....Salvation Army?
Best FLOTUS ever!!!!
What a delightful elegant woman & a role model for young ladies to follow. She has a strong presence.
Your husband refused to serve when his Country called.
Instead he had his Dad buy his way out.
Others went in his place.
Sad.
So glad to have President Trump and all his st
Thank you @FLOTUS we Americans are proud to finally have an elegant First Lady like yourself who is beautiful, respectful, actually loves America and American values! #MAGA #ThursdayThoughts
الرب يباركك May God Bless You Always


What is it with you and those sleeves? You keep wearing outfits with those humongous ugly sleeves. Please stop.
Melania- Dod you get to speak to the Heel Spur Group?
Thank you for being our First Lady
They despise your hubby!
....and your husband's failure to serve??

#ImpeachTrump


While her husband did boring ~president stuff~ on his tour of Asia, first lady Melania Trump on Friday went to the zoo.....
Thank you FLOTUS for representing us with grace and beauty. You rock!
You want to really thank them? Move out of our @WhiteHouse
#TraitorTrump despises the military. He hates POW's and pisses on Gold Star families. #MoronInChief
Thank you all for being heroes and for keeping my family safe.
dear M! pls  get  involve  in protesting  dog meat we  count on  u , this terror must stop,  we love animals   only humanity will safe the world ! thank u
And thank you VA and NJ for voting @TheDemocrats
You could be thanking donnie too if it weren't for those damn #BONESPURS
 
Methylnaltrexone +Ethanolamine(170 °C) = Oxymorphone￼
Thus I protest against torture and fascism in Ukraine￼
This is a First Lady who care for our Troops amen  to our First Lady 
Intelligence, beauty, poise and love of God and Country. #Americans have waited a long time for a #FLOTUS we could be proud of, to represent the #USA to the world.
Thank you for being awesome 1st lady!!!
Cool.
It's not easy doing what you do thank you for you service as well miss Melanie!   I pray for you both daily
What’s so hard about photo ops? Enlighten me!
What has Trumpp sacrificed? NOTHING, NO ONE. Has he even read the United States Constitution?

Mrs. Trump. It is great to see after 8 years of the BO administration we finally have a woman with dignity and class as @FLOTUS  again.
THANK YOU Melania for REPRESENTING the USA with DIGNITY and GRACE!
That coat will go down in history as the ugliest garment ever worn by First Lady! Ill fitting, awful color ,horrible pounds adding ! ugh!
Our cherished First Lady and Military heroes!!
Hi Melania, how much did the KGB pay you to sleep w that disgusting-minded body.  Not all money is good money.
You mean like Northam??? Oh, that's right...when ur husband called him out against vets...and he is one......your hubby is a joke and King Bullier.
A wonderful and classy First Lady. Thank you for dedicating your time to #MAGA!
Classy?
That was before, I'm referring to the present.
Oh, so now she is classy, lol!
People do risque things in the modeling industry.
Lots of people do risqué, lewd things, but it's not what I would consider classy or wonderful behavior.
Again, that was in the past. She's much classier now.
Sure 
Thank you for your hard work as FLOTUS.  I've been very proud of you.
Awesome First Lady ... 
Hi im from iran....im nadia 28 years old i wanna come to the usa...can u help me.......

Pure ELEGANCE!!! #FirstLady  #PowerOfEveryWoman
She's complicit

Happy Birthday, Semper Fi
Free tip:U really should drop your anti cyber bullying campaign honey...it looks like you're taking the piss...
Like to thank veterans took a vow to defend the constitution and all its freedoms for ( every ) America citizen  Thank you #VeteransDay #NFL
She is just negotiating an hourly rate
Kinda feel sorry for you Melania?
Your probably a very nice lady?
But...........
OMG!...you all need a life...Melania is doing a Rememberance etc...and everyone still trolls!...it’s Rememberance!...not a political soap box stand!
Could you somehow make your husband be human?

Thank you for being our First Lady.
 long live America.
Unlike your coward husband!!

Deferment Donnie, enough said
Who in the world talked you into wearing that samurai coat /dress?   Because you are in Asia?  Could it be?
Love your outfit. Any friend of Batman is a friend of mine.
Blessings Melanie ♡♡♡
Thank you FLOTUS Melania for bringing beauty and grace back to the people's house and for your graceful representation of America!
I will always be grateful for those serving so I can be free


Your husband dodged the draft
Keep them safe USA troops! We love you!
Amen!
Beauty and Grace. LoL  America's proud of you Melania.
Thank you all for your service.
Your draft dodging husband said it was much easier to get a Purple Heart as a gift. How ridiculously phony and lame
Bill Clinton dodged the draft too
How does it feel to have a husband who is more loyal to Putin than he is to his own wife? Sad
Ma'am, I thank God daily that your husband and VP Pence won the election, may the Lord bless you all richly!
Are you rocking plum and royal blue? Not hating, just asking.  

#MAGA
Shut up. Just shut up.
Happy 1st Annual Trump Day marking the beginning of our emergence from the eight years of darkness. 
.@FLOTUSThank you USA troops and families for your sacrifice and your service!#FLOTUSinAsia
