We love you Melania!  I have waited for 8 long years, I am  finally proud of our Flotus!
Awesome to fight bullying while married to  biggest bully in USA. And donating an inaugural gown - ppl. thrown off healthcare will love it!
WAKE UP BETH! You live in La LA land!
Yes, always block Liberals. You utter nonsense!
by -by Common sense!
We love MELANIA! We DEPLORABLES continuously for continued protection of your whole family by GOD who ANOINTED @POTUS for President!
How cute. You pray to unbiblical white jesus to send you white leaders so you can keep control of your stolen white country. Simply precious
I refuse to respond to your very racist comment, YOU are stuck in your color!
No, stuck in reality. Praise God for my color. Anointed? Judgment Seat of Christ or White Throne Judgment. Guess where “anointed” will be.
U ACCUSED me of praying 2white Jesus 4white leaders 4stolen white country, yr president divided &almost destroyed our country &still trying
Good try. Let’s say he did. Doesn’t negate the argument that YOU are doing ALL of the former. BTW, not commenting means not commenting.
It ws Trump vs Hillary who we found out to b a liar destroying 35,000 emails, sold Uranium 2putin, stole 1 billion frm haiti, Benghazi &more
You get an A+ for having all the nonsensical rhetoric memorized, because 45 never lies. I'm sure you make all faux-Christians proud.
Grace? Not! Education? HA!!! Class? You’re kidding! Let me help you out. “We love you! Finally a WHITE first lady.” You’re welcome. 
It’s called being factual about the REAL reason she and her tyrant husband are so loved. I care not what ethnicity you are. Still applies.
Successful dialogues are built on clear, concise, and well-structured statements. That was not. I have no idea what you just said.
A most noble cause and much needed in our country. Nice knowing you will be taking this on. Thank you.
It’s affect.
Wrong
Really not bud. You are effected. Or you affect. As in cause and effect.
As a verb, effect means to cause. Effect change is the proper usage. http://grammarist.com/homophones/affect-effect/ …
Affect is the verb and effect is a noun.
No
Yes. Read your own link.
Read the third paragraph.
U can never accomplish these goals while living in a country divide by the hate & anger ur husband inspires on a daily basis.
It is the media and fake news spreading the lies and the hate!!
No it’s Trump. Listen to him talk. Crawl out from u see the rock I promise it’s not that heavy. 
*under the rock (education allows you to correct your own grammatical errors) 
So you're blaming the President for your behavior like so many others?  Priceless. The media is reporting BS and you're buying it.
The president is giving you bs and you’re buying it 
Would love to hear how.
How?  I would like to hear more; specific ideas you have would make me believe you.  I'm sad your husband is making our country a disaster.
Great first lady @FLOTUS
You must mean the former First Lady, Michelle Obama, now SHE was a great First Lady!!!!

Thank god big mike is gone
Thank you @FLOTUS may God bless you and your family. Love you.
You should ask your husband to be a better example, please.
Please start with your child husband.
Is this the real @FLOTUS or the impersonator?
MelaNia is INcredible.
stay productive fam
Melania you are so sweet!
And I feel not alone & very prould of you Mrs. Trump - a FLOTUS the nation can
count on to perform w/a heavily ingrained sense of honor.
Thank you @FLOTUS. You're a class act.
She’s a white act. That’s about it. That makes you happy. No more uppity educated negroes in your precious WHITE house. Thank White Jesus.
^yes
http://Www.Worldpeacetryit.com .  together we succeed
You are so beautiful and kind
Universities have to change
You should start with this child. Looks like online bullying hits very close to home for you.
Could you teach them deductive logic then?   Or is your change indoctrinating them in stupidity under DeVos so they actually think #45 good
Please focus on #Pedogate Hollywood has opened the door to the next explosion of truth #Savethechildren GMO chemtrails 2
God bless you and your family FLOTUS.
You can't even take care of the ones you live with and you want to come out and try to help others that is a joke
You need to get with the bullying platform for the next generation! You can start tomorrow with yours truly, DT
Did you read my essay of generational change in my application to be a White House intern? I addressed it to you.
Application was for summer 2016 White House internship.
White House council for women and girls goes dark under Trump - POLITICO
'Women and children will die' because of Donald Trump's global gag rule, charities claim | The Independent
Under Trump Budget, Nearly 2 Million Kids May Lose After-School Care : NPR Ed : NPR
Trump’s proposed after-school cuts could lead to more hungry kids, lower test scores - The Hechinger Report
DeVos voucher plan would exacerbate educational inequality | TheHill
Trump donates $100K to Dept of Ed. Only $9,199,900,000 to go to make up for his $9.2B in proposed education cuts.
@POTUS & @EPAScottPruitt EPA regulation cuts likely to hurt children most, experts say
Chuck Todd unearths video of Don Jr. advertising gun silencers that help ‘get little kids into the game’
Thank you FLOTUS for being the First Lady all girls can look up to. You are one of the best.
Oh God help us you want girls go in prostitution
Sadly, we can't have our children watch the president speak. Too disturbing. Also, your anti bullying campaign needs to start at home!!
We love you!!
#MagaMoron Alert 
Awww.  The resistance, LMAO. 
Love your Trump emoji   very appropriate. You all are his circus animals.
Still resisting the truth I see.  We'll see how that turns out for you.
Me resisting the truth? Your fake potus wouldn’t know the truth if it hit him in the face. Which is what Mueller is going to do BIGLY.
LMAO..   wait for it.
He’s going to rock your world and not in a good way. Better refill your Xanax RX.
Your goal to be under this too, right?
Yes you you are soooo right that's all she's been doing from when she was 15
GO MELANIA!!! :)
Frozen face! Is that Caitlyn Jenner???
You don't care about anyone you are a lair like all the trumps
Do you forgot of your past we don't
@FLOTUS I’m sure you can do it. You know the love of motherhood and am sure you can give a hand to other mothers and children.
Start with your husband first. Leave our innocent children alone! You continue to show off your "rich" lifestyle and continue to stand by a man who is a BULLY and FULL OF NEGATIVITY. It starts in the home first. Go away, you're like poison as is your husband!!!!!! 

Someone or something is undoing my retweets and my likes on the first ladies Twitter account even the letter I sent with all of my work and proposals for protecting our children in our school systems in America I got a false letter back in from the White House things are weird
Thank you for caring so much for America's and the world's children. God bless
You hate America  that much?
Affect* change
Thank you!
Show no mercy for someone like you who stands up for a VILE POS like your so called "husband"/"father" of your child and I use those terms lightly, very lightly. In it for the Fame and fortune!? What are you getting out of this? Be a role model and get out!
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party, a disaster for Dems. You watch her in action & vote R!
What you are on?
E un bellissimo obbiettivo fa raggiungerea incontrerà migliaia di ostacoli spero una Donna tenece come lei riesca nei suoi intenti
Devi essere matto un'ex prost.....
Is no lady here you hate America  that much?
Thank you @FLOTUS. You are loved and appreciated  #MAGA
FLOTUS is a picture of class, intelligence , grace and compassion. God Bless her.
Be honest about what you love about her - that she’s white. Likely see God as white too. She’s done and will do absolutely nothing. Wow!
Awww! You love your terms that allow you to ignore the ugly racist history of this country, huh? That’s so cute. 
@ Phapsody should not be educating anyone's children when she is so racist and hateful. She creates her own oppression.
Maybe you can convince your husband not to separate families of immigrants. That would really help the children.
You’re married to a man who is a sexual predator. His policies take healthcare away from children and make the environment unsafe for kids.
Melanie, I am very proud of you focusing on changing bulling in general. My heart and my prayers go out to you during this very hurting time in your marriage. I will prayer for you every day. I promise.
@MELANIATRUMP #Divorce #Stormy et al
You can have the biggest impact! get your husband to resign. Win win
 We get our country back. You and baron get back in your own residence!
He’s great for our country! He’s what we needed. No more wishy washy liars!! Go Trump!!
You are a wonderful First Lady.
No lady here 
Start with chastising your husband, who is the nation's #1 bully & horrible example for children! BTW -- it's "affect change," not "effect."
Unfortunately your husband is your biggest hindrance. Sorry but the truth hurts. He’s consumed with himself. My sympathies to you.
You're doing a wonderful job!  Keep up the great work!  Thank you!  God Bless @FLOTUS @POTUS
A wonderful job doing what exactly?
Bless you dear First Lady
First Lady is no lady here what you are on?
Thank you Melania for all you do to improve America!!
What kind of improvement you are looking for???
Because is none from her
Blessed to have you as @FLOTUS 
We love you Melanie; what beauty: Spiritually, Mentally & Physically; we are so blessed to finally have an Angel in the WH, with our POTUS!
And she can tell a joke in 6 languages! 
You are crazy  and .............
I thought it was for anti-bullying?  What about the kids losing insurance under Trumpcare?
Trump to Tax land of owners 2x unless they use half the property they own for farming to drive food costs down. #schoolneedsfarmsNotGrass
Your are not a good model to be follow, SAD! #MAFIA
And what is your plan for doing that?
Ask Michele Obama how to be a REAL FLOTUS
How to be a sour puss tranny you mean.
TRUMP'S GREAT AMERICA
Fake Melania shows our real anxiety
We love you and your family so much Mrs.Trump. We wave every time you fly over on your way to Camp David.
honored to have you as our First Lady.
Then please don’t do anything with Devos . She is dangerous for children especially disabled children and you know about this .
What about the children brought here as toddlers, who were educated, who have only known the US? He wants the deported. To where? To what?
You have done NOTHING!
I wrote a story.... for children.... with Your cause in mind and I’d like u to read it. I believe that all things are possible
When Michelle was our First Lady, many of you had nothing nice to say. Now Melanie is First Lady and you have nothing nice to say. Get aLife
I get laid off so often- no retirement.
My hope that all our hearts are empassioned and joyously and playfully emboldened to do the same
In Jesus Name!
Then tell your husband to resign, and take that miserable VP with him.
The only way to accomplish that is for Trump to resign@
Ooh you look beautiful
#POTUSsaidThinkBig
Melanie I Do believ many would surrender ALOT of children if you create a path for them 2do so
#NoQuestionsAsked
@POTUS
Did you plan on starting this life time?
First step is start at home, lead by example...
Your husband needs to change and lead children by pisitive example...you must agree
Tell POTUS to stop bullying.  He is a cruel & nasty man.
You've shared your intentions but your choice of platform has been brought into question due to your husband’s very vocal & active account
Hypocrite!  Your husband has ruined this great nation! This administration does not care about the next generation!
Then care about our environment and stop them from  gutting the EPA. Bullying  starts at home, get Betsy DeVos to resign. Good faith start
Plz  then have some respect 4 Baron& urself &walk away from this orange menace 2society! Do ur self a favor before it reaches lowest depths
#MAGA
best way to do this is to get your husband to resign. he is a horrific role model to children. how does your son react to his bullying?
That is some goal Melania. Will you make sure all Children have health care?
Good. Start with the child you’re married to.  Then we’ll talk.
K but you have to show up to get the grades boo @FLOTUS
How is anti bullying month going? Spoken to your husband yet? More important, talking to your kid about who to not emulate? I know I am!
Great and thanks! The exact opposite of your husbands agenda. Please accomplish before he's Impeached or nuclear fallout lands in our laps.
Oh you sure have, screwed them all and then crapped on them. Grow some balls and leave that blob of toxic .
Thank you for your dedication 
You are well on your way.I just wish people & the press gave you the credit you deserve. I know that's not why U do it, but it would B nice.
You and your husband are working at cross purposes then.
Think you can ever measure up to first lady Michelle Obama?
Here’s a start on your lovely goals:  convince your sugar daddy to resign.
Chicago. Figures! How about getting you mayor fired. He’s keeping Chicago a plantation
Details???
Oh your husband has already impacted millions of children thanks to his healthcare bill and his cold hearted approach to Puerto Rico
While you're talking to kids & telling the to eat with each other & ask Questions, Maybe get Rosie O & Cheeto to have lunch. See if it works
You have to be stupid to pick ant- bullying as something to go after. The biggest bully of all is the orange man you are married too. #DA
Then you better get your husband to stop hurting all Americans.
Married to a moron
Wow. You have to start with the guy your married to. That's it. One mission. Fix him first.
ii. IMPACT Incorporating Major Point At Connecting Teens 2 #MAGA
I am so happy to have your family in the White House! I know you will turn this country around. My prayers are with you and your family. 
MADAME FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP " YOU ARE DOING AN EXCELLENT JOBTHANK YOU
If that is your goal prove it starting with the horrific role model your husband is! The nerve you have talking about bullying
U can't positively impact lives of children when your husband the president promotes hatred and lies. That isn't teaching our children good
You are doing a wonderful job
Yet we put unqualified @BetsyDeVosED in a seat because of campaign contributions. #RethinkDeVos and place people who care about children!
And to promote the first woman president in 2020 women's rights

#melaniaTrumpIsArussianSpy
Thank you for being a classy and wonderful @Flotus
What makes her classy? Name one thing she has done.
*affect. In #PUBLICschool I learned affect = influence, effect = result. #grammarpolice @BetsyDeVosED maybe you can help proofread next time
#supporKurdistan

Start with the manchild in your home.
@Flotus your the Best!
Mel/tip 4 TDY!Chk-book Chasing Light, chk the pics:smiling,grins,totally relaxed/doing her duties,.that's a First Lady not prisoner like YOU
Praying for you! 
Are you serious ? Handle the Tweeting bully you have at home before you pontificate about the rest of the country's " children"
Melania is right 
In 1963 prayer was removed out of schools by non believers
We all miss Michelle Obama!
If you believe it you can achieve it!
I thought you were against cyber bullying. Start with @POTUS ....
How about working on thay big baby that you call your husband
His insults to widow Johnson have an impact on their kids
He's bullying her!!!
Your anti-bullying message is honorable. Can you invite @realDonaldTrump to one of your talks so he can stop bullying America?#contradiction
We have faith you will accomplish this with grace & dignity! #informedconsent #parentscalltheshots @delbigtree #vaxxed #cdcwhistleblower
And the goal of POTUS?
A nude model will not be influencing my children.
Then get your lying bully husband out of the White House
Thank you @FLOTUS you are a shining example of grace and kindness for our country and children. #MAGA #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Best way to affect change is divorce your racist husband
Hey Ashlee
Hey
 A Lady LIKE You Is Exactly What This Country Needs And Wants  GOD BLESS YOU Ms Melania Trump 
Uhm my 3 kids with dyslexia and attention deficit disorder completely disagree. 45 has been anything but positive for our kids.
The only way to do that is tell Donald to stop acting like a bully.
Excellent, please continue, thank you !
Divorce that dumb idiot and you can.
I love you
You are NOT First Lady. First whore? Yep.
Thank you for your service
Then you should stop your husband from tweeting. 
#antibullyingweek 
#AlertTheDaycareStaff 
#bullypotus
THANK YOU,  for all of your hard work, dedication, and service #FLOTUS ! In spite of the CONSTANT negativity. #FLOTUSwDIGNITY&GRACE!!
You really do get it..... Thanks for all you do.
Michelle doesn't even come close to being a class act let alone first lady
Your an Inspiration & I applaud your sense of direction. Our Children are our Magnificent Countries Future. 
You or your FLOTUS double?
A suggestion: Mandate free Implanted birth control for all teens = No Teen Pregnancies A better start in life!
That’s a GREAT goal. The CHILD you are married too needs to be disciplined!
Thank you for giving the young children a positive role model. MAGA 
After 8 long years We are lucky to have such a classy, elegant First Lady!  Thank you for what you do!
Start w/ controlling your bullying husband and getting aid to the children of PR & the Virgin Islands, 1 month later still waiting #traitors
You are a wonderful woman. Prefect for our President
Then convince your husband to leave office. Only positive impact he'll ever make is to resign. #NotMyPresident
Please stop already the names Trump n Pence are ruining our Country. Behind every good man is a strong woman..u see whats going on. STOP
You should start with your husband
I’m really sorry but your husband is a joke and no worthy being your husband
Very good
You are loved and great
Give it up Melania. We don't buy it. You married a sexual predator with a bully complex. Your husband came at me in 91 and I'm a guy. TRUTH!
Then you can teach POTUS respect, empathy and that bullying and name-calling others specially at 71 years old is wrong! Not a good model!
sex crimes and exploitation of babies and children HAS TO STOP!!!    Disgusting and absolutely hedious!
You don't even know what that sentence means.
#intro #video_intro #logo_animation 
#youtube_intro #logo_intro #gaming_intro 
#youtube_video #animated_intro
you cant really think your a positive impact on children when your husband is teaching the kids its ok to lie and bully
How? What is the plan?
You have a good heart.  Also if you are celebrating Serbian New Year Jan 14 with dinner and dancing; please invite the Iceman.
Wonderful goal. Thank you.
Then control your foul mouthed disrespectful husband who is a horrible example to children and families. You obviously gave up cyber bully
you are no first lady you never will with your test of a husband
Hopefully, all children, not just white rich kids!
Tell your orange pimp to resign
Just one extra piece of fried chicken per bucket Mel...let nature do her work.
(Tell him its paleo/macho and that he looks GREAT!)
This is an honourable goal. I wish to educate you on the plight of Daycare Owners/Operators within Ontario Canada. Feel free to contact http://www.miniminders.ca 

How's that bullying thing going?
You need to have a talk with Kelly on that front.
You are looking for development and implementation of children care of next generation of the best live in the world
What if you stopped your batshit husband from destroying the environment? That might help
By holding up guys like Trump/Weinstein?
Just turn off their TV and keep them away from hubby. He teaches them Hate Bullying Lying and Cheating and so on and so on
You're not really that inspiring. You follow #trump around like his dog, you never speak, you rarely look happy...
You’re going to convince your husband to resign??? NOTHING could have a more positive impact or effect greater change - for EVERYONE!
