Wow You are impressive First Lady Melania God bless you Mr. President and y’all’s entire family from great state of Texas Yeehaw

@actorzack Left side, that you?


~ You're so beloved the world over.  Thank you for all you do.
Who remembers when she came out with these photos?
Fantasticno.
WHAT A SPECIAL TRIP AND OPPORTUNITY !!!
Sexy Melania.   Very beautiful
Bring pearls back for the poor Melania.
Japan loves FLOTUS #snowflake #dealwithit and btw your tweet is so racist
Melania is sweet, gracious and beautiful
Yep she is. Japan is obsessed with FLOTUS and Ivanka. They both are very popular and so is POTUS.
Tell it to the Libtards
Why not try using language which heals our nation instead of name calling which serves to further divide us?  Don’t play into Putin’s plan.
How can you say that when you’re feed is riddled with negativity?
I think we all love the USA and want free and fair elections for our children’s future. We didn’t have 2 great choices in ‘16.
Melanie is a refreshing change from past First Ladies. This picture made me smile.
I’d rather a lawyer, librarian, teacher, or bank executive as a role model for young women.
Hillary is a lawyer...role model?
Yes, a lawyer is a role model.
But Hillary is a good example?
Yes, I may not agree with everything she does but I think she’s a person who worked hard, used her mind, and aimed for good things.
We have very opposite views of Hillary 
Very possibly.  
#secretVplace
I enjoyed a lovely evening with many great sex. Watch this funny sex..............https://goo.gl/JwsREZ 
You are a wonderful mentor to all women. Have a Merry Christmas. Some day I'd love to meet you. I'm in Wellington Fl., first Christmas without my Mom. God Bless you, and your wonderful family.
It's only a short trip from there to Australia.
How about a quick visit?
I don’t want to say nothing but I hope that’s not in the UK where two fingers up doesn’t mean victory.
I think that is with the back of the hand showing. 
That or she shares her husband's approach to diplomacy.
As God makes them he mates them.

Hi Melania your first lady in American.good luck in always.i like in American contry.im from Afghanistan you can help me I come your contry.for god can help me

Such a beautiful lady. Its nice to see a LADY in the white House. Makes me proud.
Yes because an ex porn Star is a lady because she’s white. 
Im referring to The 1st Lady. Not past versions of her. Her demeanor as 1st lady is polite, generous, educated and very lady like.
And why do you think Michelle Obama wasn’t a LADY? She was just as poised, elegant, more educated, glamorous, generous and even more beautiful than Melania.
Was she cold or horny?
DID YOU HEAR THIS!  WOW !  Trump’s Professor: ‘Dumbest Goddam Student’ I Ever Had, Reveals How He Got Into College
Some professors are dumb as a rock. They very often disagree about things. Can’t be right both of them. Some very eloquent and time tells they were dead wrong. E.g.: Semmelweis’ opposition. Love DJT

You think history will remember a few smiles at a photo op? Cute, but in 100 years you will be a mention as the side of monster who did zero
The economy is up and the so-called collusions story is falling to shreds. Get with the time sweetheart

FLOTUS you are the best
Osm
Wonderful
Great to see you in Asia 
Japanese students love our Melania
Do they know she has posed nude with another woman fondling her breasts and touching her genitals?
They'll be looking up her NUDIES to view and then they will REALLY like her!!
Like Obama's mama's?
 Those photos were debunked many years ago.
Sure they were.
She is PROUD and I am sure you are too!
Thank God we have a beautiful,  classy @FLOTUS in the White House.  So proud of her @realDonaldTrump !
Yes!!!



The students will know how wonderful woman they met,when they become http://adults.You  show us devotion,patience,compassion and love.
You have very good personality @POTUS,  you r role model for every women 
Not a role model. She used her body for a meh modeling career. Then she used that to become trophy wife. My granddaughter deserves better.
At least she's not a racist witch like the last one
At least MO didn’t cost the taxpayers 1 million dollars a week by staying home.  She brought her daughters to the WH.
Cost taxpayers to pay her mother to be a caregiver (REAL GRANDMAS DON'T CHARGE)!
Her mother didn’t charge.  She had basic living expenses and was far cheaper than a nanny.  Stop lying.
She did and taxpayer expense is getting $60,000 a year for life.
No, she was a private citizen and not a federal employee.  Per the Federal Employee Retirement System rules she can’t collect.
Bernie may not be a savior but i don’t understand why US presidents have to kiss the hands of Saudis?
Least evil? Saudis are the core evil folk, 911 attacks conducted by them. 12 of the perpetrators were from Saudi Arabia
They are stable, cuz America wants them to be stable for now. America supports their dictators. They crack down on people, kill children etc
but... i thought cnn was the fake news?
Not when it’s nothing against their interests
but the president and first lady would never be hypocrites!
Вы - проститутка высокого класса, превращенная мусорный мешок
Why do you look more happy in this picture then any pictures of you with Donald Trump?
The children adore you!!  We are so fortunate to have you as our First Lady. You will decorate history as a great representative for US!!
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
Great FLOTUS!!!!
That my goolge pf... Peace
Hello..... peace...

Finally a FIRST LADY we can be PROUD of!!  Love you @Flotus! 
Great; Love u
Please pay attention Stop hurting the elephants @POTUS will lose voters over his stance
Pure class!
Remember this embarrassment..
Hi dear
Melania is a gem.
I knew the Japanese people would love Flotus. They are a smart people and love the best in life. What a great picture. #MAGA
@TeresaEdelglass Luck no diversity.
Peace sign? Um, your spouse wishes to be a wartime pres, so as to distract from the fact that he's Russia-funded. How dirty is that? Nm that tax scheme/scam. I'd say "nice try", but it's so transparent, it's sick.
Talk about every picture  perfect. Love our @FLOTUS
Beautiful picture, as usual
.
The kids know what's up! PEACE-  and Good Relationships....This is what the world needs for a positive impact everywhere
why are her nipples always showing ...they need to buy something for her bras ..this is becoming a regular and she is around children whom have already seen her naked
Always gorgeous and dignified
illegal alien
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL FIRST LADY EVER!! TO (POTUS)
Yes those kids want her to escort them.Remember Melena is pro stitute
How sweet!
Very nice and so beautiful
you r beautiful really
Beautiful
Are they embracing her pussy without her consent?
Awesome pic
innocent kids and ppl

Thank you Melania, you’ve a place in heaven!
Some folks will mock her for any  or no reason. Thank God Donald Trump and Melania vollunteered to leave their quiet lap of luxury to respond to our needs. Only a fool will criticize this!

I think if you were put in a classroom of children, we would never see you again, we'd go back and there you would be, smiling.
So many iconic moments Americans will enjoy in coming decades!
Beautiful first lady
You are a beautiful lady.
Love your outfits, nice taste.
Proud of FLOTUS.
KIDS LOVE YOU..AS MUCH AS YOU LOVE THEM!
Proud of you, as FIRST LADY.
Count your blessings. 
#MAGA
Thank you
Great

Fake lady of the United States, have you copied any of Michelle Obama's speeches lately?
Exciting experience for all. Nice to have such a beautiful photo. It's unfortunate to deal with haters. This woman is the epitome of the term "First Lady".
So lovely 
Our beautiful and smart @FLOTUS God bless you Melania!
Class!
Photo ops are so fun
Class act!
After 8 years of a divisive FLOTUS we finally have class & beauty back in the White House. Thank you Melania!
She is so lovely and loves children.  We are so blessed to have her as our First Lady.
Big game for Irish ... could project to National Title
Very First Lady like.
Another reason to be glad Obama is gone. What a smile!
Just something I notice, while she embraces someone, they really feel honored embracing her. I love the fact it is mutual.
BEAUTIFULLY SWEET picture!
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity EVERYONE LOVES @FLOTUS ESPECIALLY KIDS AND YOU CANT FOOL KIDS.
@SheriffClarke  so most countries and 64 million here standing against what 30 million libtards? Yea bank on 2020!
She’s radiant
How come we're not fighting for our monuments
She has clothes on
If we love God's creation, God love us.
So, Love with all thing.
#FLOTUSinAsia Thank you for being a true beautiful example of America.. Nothing fake pure genuine love for this nation!! God bless you!!
LOVELY with the children!
Wonderful photo... we all love you Melanie!!!
@SheriffClarke
@SheriffClarke 
Something positive from #CNN !? WOW ! This should be THE news !
What a lovely woman you are! Thank you Melania
Beautiful
You see @CNN  world-peace !!  
Excellent picture!
@POTUS Lovely as can be, lucky man you are, sir! @BreitbartNews @larryelder
We appreciate @FLOTUS Melania's grace, intelligence and representing USA with dignity. We also love you lead by example. Your staff only costs 45% of your predecessor.
Japanese children are so darn adorable! Would love to have been there with you.
You don’t see her talking shit about race and all that oBUMa stuff, she has class ,
You are the real deal and you make all of us proud
 she’s like two feet taller than everyone
Didnt they have to move the beggars from the street for her visit. This picture is so fake. #createchange
We have a very beautiful and classy first lady.. 
I find great strength in their apparent individuality they both hold. No matter the dialect or wording reports use, I see two people treating each other as equals respectful enough to their diffrences to stand strong together regardless of all the worded strikes attempted.
She can buy all those kids
Get out!! Get out!!! ABORT!! get it together girl. Find yourself again.
You are a national and global embarrassment. You should be deported when your husband is impeached
We are so proud that you are our First Lady. God bless.

I am too. Very nice pic.
Praying

Why school children and not Ph.D candidates?
I really like you Melanie
Such a class act. What a beautiful 1st Lady. And she is clever too. 
It’s hard not to embrace someone like Melania as she’s beautiful classy and caring 
Your husband joked about grabbing girls by the pu$$y. Do you think he would reject 5 hot russian girls. You know your husband. Too bad that you have to keep quiet and smile like in this picture
@FLOTUS always looks happy amongst children and she lights up when she's amongst them .Beautiful indeed
Thank you for being such a wonderful, and classy first lady!!  The best since Reagan!!
You look so pretty with your hair up, you should wear it like that more often, and your smile is beautiful.
Hide the kids!!!
They can keep her and her hubby
Beautiful First Lady
beautiful, classy first lady!!
Love you Melania!love you beautiful kids
Imagine.  She came from an Eastern European country to become First Lady of the United States...!  I think that's so cool.

Dear FLOTUS, you make us so proud!!!!
Thus good of you
magnificence
With due respect First Lady of United States of America Looking very beautiful with kids God Bless.
