Sad that some haven't grown up! Who cares what she wears. None of your business
Yes please listen to instructions, they will save your life don't overlook it of be dumb and not disregard reason to stay alive!!
What I mean is don't do anything stupid that can cost your life. Thank you.
We took a direct hit small town underwater for over a week tell Mr Trump thank you for Executive Order got help after fast!
So happy to hear your home in Delray will not be in the direct path of Irma. You and the President have enough to worry about already. MAGA!
What are you doing? And why?  Why are you manically retweeting all of your previous tweets dating way back?  Odd and interesting
Comcast/Xfinity went down in @SRQCountyGov 24 hours before hurricane @FLGovScott   Many people did not get any evacuation order. Bad mgmt
You are an class act. Thank you
Who can take this seriously in your terminator voice?  You have an ugly accent!
Ok, well.
I need your help
Thank you for your prayers @FLOTUS
God bless you, First Lady! Keep up the good work!
Don't forget your stiletto heels though
Totally uncalled for comment from someone sitting in a safe place not about to experience devastation.
I hope you said the same thing to Trump when Harvey was going down.
Yep, I sure did because what does the shoes she is wearing leaving the WH have to do with public safety?
Nothing, but underfunding fima & not appointing people to important administrative jobs is dangerous.
Once again what does that have to do with your comment about her shoes on a post that she was making about public safety?
Personally I think someone should save her from him. She can wear what she wants. He's got to go though
Joel 2:26
You shall eat in #plenty and be satisfied, And praise the name of the #Lord your #God, Who has dealt wondrously with [1/2]
Thank you for everything you have done to be an inspiration too all 
Oops to not too

In FL info phone app is really bad..
Be quiet
Appreciate your concern, I am in Houston thank you for coming here and showing your support. It did help
her dad steve qwalye nows evil is real steave qwayle .com
GOD ALMIGHTY Moves With Us. Holy Spirit GOVERNS Us And The Streets Of America. We R Blessed And Unstoppable.
Is this #HurricaneIrma ? 
Love  you
thanks @FLOTUS,  here in Miami Aventura area is still quiet, no rain, some wind, more problem to west coast now, GOD BLESS YOU.
Hopefully everyone has packed their 5 inch stilettos
How empty you must be to keep harping on her feet
Empty?  Nope! Just another example that, despite her humble beginnings, she cares not for the average person.
Shutup you are complicit in the most evil and horrific administration inthe history of the United States
Such words of wisdom. #SMH
Is one of your  mansions in jeopardy? Oh shit, I'm so not sorry for you........
Nobody asked u to, go away
Thank you for being our first lady, May the Lord bless your days to come!
I thought it was a hoax though??
@FLOTUS  my son keeps asking me if your the president daughter, will you give your husband a 3 sec kiss, I know it's hard, just try.
POTUS AND FLOTUS HERE IN FLA WAITING FOR IRMA THEN JOSE BEGGING GOD 2 BLESS US N EVERYBODY. PLS HAVE FEMARESPOND QUIKLY NOW O TE
Thank you
P.S. "Please help me escape Donald!"
Totally uncalled for comment from someone sitting in a safe place not about to experience devastation.
Shush, Mark.
Truth hurts doesn't it?
Wonder if he acted like that during the Boston bombing???
She is innocent messenger, she does what told to say to us. I give her a pass...
Thank You Melania
@POTUS EVERY TRUMP needs to stop talking & tweeting! #ImpeachTrump #impeachment @ThePerezHilton @chelseahandler
Thank you.
Mrs. Trump you are a class act, nice to see a lady in the White House.
Nothing new.
WHAT FOOTWEAR DO YOU SUGGEST
God have mercy on your soul, Brook.  there is a day of reckoning.
what if i am in connecticut. should i not listen to local law enforcement?
Stupid comment.
you are welcome.
Just an idea. Why not leave your husband and become a whistleblower? Might sort a lot of issues out and you'd go down in history as a hero
Thanks FLOTUS! At least some take this seriously and don't use this for political purposes and bashing you and POTUS. MAGA
How do we protect ourselves from your erratic and mean husband?
Y'all gonna donate to help ppl evacuate and get supplies or just gonna tweet? Askin 4 a friend
Well, you live in Florida. What are you doing to help?
@hitchcockadidly actually works & was donating food from our work (which we had permission to do) so again wanna know how we're helping?
Yeah we were emptying milk gallons out and sanitizing it to give ppl water for the hurricane. We gave them all the food we had. Try again
Thank you! Praying for my family in Florida and safety for all. 
Dear FLOTUS, You are a very special woman indeed, and in my mind the most effective 1st Ladies that this nation has ever been blessed with.
Simply offering a complement where a complement is deserved; something you evidently know nothing about... and your ignorance proceeds you.
Greatness is always proceeded by a quiet sophistication, elements of charm and elegance, and most importantly a deaf ear to one's detractors
What happened to English composition and grammar in your replies?
Right!
Thank you to our wonderful @FLOTUS  You are our elegant @FLOTUS  #MAGA
Thank you Mrs. Trump! You are delightful, beautiful,  genuine! Haters say evil things because they envy all your grace. Speak more! We luv u
Do you think people going to read this before weather channel?
Wow!!!  Three exclamation points.  Yo' daddy only puts one.
 Appreciate you and @POTUS
Thank you. I thank God for you.
Thank you for your concern. We are blessed to have such a kind and beautiful FLOTUS.
Keep everyone in your prayers.  TY.
Why such haters, negative,nasty people when Florida is about to be hit by Irma.   Thanks for those that pray we stay safe.
too bad they don't believe in the havoc #climatechange causes or #science

Scientists predict eclipses. Launch satellites that show storms but had no idea #Harvey2017 & #Irma would happen? #shame #climatechange
and gov't has started to decommission GRACE satellites
hahaba
Love from India mam...
got your Florida hat all printed and ready? #Irma
@FLOTUS keep up the great work supporting the great people of this great country
I beg u miss president help me and my famly
Thank you FLOTUS, I am so proud to have such a caring and loving First Lady.  Don't let the jerks stop you from doing what you are doing
Ignore these ignoramuses! YOU are so loved and respected by us Deplorables. They are jealous because all they got was Moochelle!
Thanks God we're safe in Pakistan and thanks to Trump that he stopped immigration for Pakistani.
Pray!!!!!!!!!!
Good word's first lady
Thank you melania you're the best
Your prayers will help.The Good Lord will redirect IRMA so other people will be hit, not Florida.Thank you for your prayers.
................
Thank you. Please block all haters. You are a wonderful First Lady and ignorance on the part of cowards and haters have no place here.
Thank you! And for those that made their snide remarks to this message-it shows how truly shallow and tactless you are!
Nice sentiment but #HurricaneIrma is #HurricaneHoax. Fanciful right turn not gonna happen never was. As likely as Hillary winning election.
praying for Floridans stay safe
Thank you for caring for those in the path of danger. You are doing a wonderful job. Please do not pay any attention to those hate mongers.
Stay sweet and kind! It's really refreshing to see that! I wish more could be like you!
Thank you
Thank you for your thoughts and concern. I mean it! I am a progressive Christian and a democratic socialist. We're not all dicks.
We Love you FLOTUS 
CAN YOU DUMB LIBERALS STAY OFF OF HER PAGE. COMMENT NEGATIVELY ON EVERYTHING. GO ON MICHELLE  O'S PAGE. SO JEALOUS OF THIS BEAUTIFUL  LADY.
Thank you Melania,  you are a beautiful person. Glad you are my FLOTUS.
Look Look CNN is reporting real news .. their a little rusty since spewing hate for so long but Hey! Real news,
Oooo Love you
Reinforcing the local government is a good thing not like Obama on vacation who had to be embarrassed  to come back.

What liberals tweet interest me
Also very sad
What liberals can do best? Read below @bandpolitical
Y'alls comments are disgusting! Bet none of U give a damn about the victims of Irma. Grow the hell up & stop ur hatred/jealousy.  SMH
Let's hope Mar-a-Lago gets destroyed. Then you can collect another 17 million in insurance $. Who's your homeowner's policy with??
Looks like you don't get your evil wish 
#MaraLago #PalmBeach #hurricaneirma2017

We love and respect you very much, our FLOTUS.
Stop bullying me!!!
Mar a lago should be evacuated--permanently.
Nice notice though it seem you won't be affected
We raelize how ignorant the haters are by the fact they voted for a Muslim loving American hating piece of shit!
Great job FLOTUS !
As you have breakfast in bed!
Did you copy this from Michelle Obama

Thank you Melania ,you care for people. Love and blessing.
The driest, most insincere wishes by a human I have ever felt
More than we ever gotten from the previous...him golfing & her sending out need money letters give me give me blah blah blah
Thx for true caring First Lady Melania @FLOTUS !
We just love you, Melania! Your heart is GOLDEN!
We're tuned in and hunkered down. She hasn't reached Central Florida yet. We are as ready as possible.
Melenia means we'll.  Stay safe. Please. This is not politics people.
Sorry I meant well
Thank you for your concern. It's nice to have a First Lady who cares. Praying for your family's home as well!
That isn't an uncalled for comment! If she didn't make a comment, you would be all over her. As for saving you from Donald.... move out!!
FLOTUS AND POTUS AND FAMILY ...BEST EVER....THANK YOU. WITH OUR LOVE
For God's sake - accept that the climate is changing and tell that to the world !
No one asked U to speak and give advice keep your comments to yourself we do not need you or your husband opinions we've done this before
I believe you care, First Lady. 
Dear Melania please no that the president and Vice President are in our prayers and all of us are so proud of the job you are doing!
It is clear to me people many on the left are pretty miserable folks, who cares about the shoes already! No respect, sad sad pathetic.
@FLOTUS you are just amazing. Classy and a true #Patriot
No one gives a hoot what you have to say.

Video: Billionaire Richard Branson shared footage of the damage to his home after Hurricane Ir… https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/11/video-billionaire-richard-branson-shared-footage-of-the-damage-to-his-home-after-hurricane-irma/ … via @wordpressdotcom
Thank you for your well wishes, Mrs. Trump.  It is always nice to see you there right beside your husband during these sort of things.
Nice try...
@VP a GOP bill before Congress to let insurance companies not  to cover water damage.  Can you help?
Nah that's fake news I'm staying at home #thekeys
Just go some where take the Orange man with you. You can leave him somewhere just don't bring him back. Give him his phone to tweet.
I am disabled I'm afraid the police will kill me too
@VP @devonlindsay10 GOP bill before congress that would let insurance companies not cover water damage.  Can you help
Oh, ok, Thankyou First Bimbo.
You seem to be such a wonderful person. How did you ever get stuck with him?? Good luck to you!
Just evaced from FL to TN. Take backroads and extra fuel. No hotels or AirBnB up through Birmingham. Be safe out there. B back to help ASAP
Why? Because your husband won Florida & you can't afford 2 lose any voters? Winning???? You're the loser!! God help you being married 2 him!
Go away Melanie
Most of these liberals have peas for brains..Stay classic and God bless us all everyone ♡♡
Really, tell me something I don't know you %#€€^^}%{#!
In the path I know my president has got my back this 79 year old 
Knew he was going to be President before he decided to run
GOD told me
Thank you First Lady!

Love you Melania! Don't even waste your time on the real bully's and their comments" 
Flotus... with all the negative comments I thank you an am proud to have you as the First Lady!
Thank you so very much for caring!!!
After the negative comments on the 1st family, you have a lot of energy for hate. Go to TX or FL and contribute. Feel the love and kinship!
Thank you ok
Stop please
ALERT YT>  Former Govt Scientist: The Govt Could Have Stopped Harvey And Irma!  <   Deep State attack underway 
The Alex Jones Channel
What you will need to survive.  My Trump 45 hat only 40 bucks.  6 inch heels,  great for walking in flooded streets. Watch out for animals!!
Thanks for your caring Melanie .
We believe after the storm your husband 
Donate Anther million dollars 
For the people
Please show this to hubby
This is a time for unity- save the rhetoric- but true American's stand together whether we agree or not. #prayforall
This wasn't directed @FLOTUS just a general statement
THANK YOU DEAR F LOTUS FOR YOUR COMMENTS! EVERYONE I KNOW LOVES & RESPECTS YOU!!!
Word of advice just make sure your immigration papers are up-to-date and you know where they're at never know when you might need them
Thank you for reaching out to those in harms way. Please ignore the naysayers. Stand strong!
These bots that are taking up the feed with their crap, block, so we can get real info fromTrump andfox,and friends.Notfrommostpaidformedia.
#ClimateChangeIsReal #Complicit
Thank you @FLOTUS 
I am not in the effected area but I really appreciate the way you and The President have been involved.
Thank you for your concern for Americans who are in harms way. God Bless You and your family.
Thank you from Florida - 
You are the best FLOTUS ever!
You're of an honest, consciousness background and I admire you
Hey I live in fl and we are about to get creamed and all you have to say shit about her shoes karma will get you mark my word
A very caring first lady. So sad we have people that tweet negatively when you are only trying to show your feelings. GOD BLESS YOU & POTUS.
So sweet to think about the people Melanie!!
Oh my she actually speaks! Bet you're ready for another photo op?
Madam President , I for one thank you for your kindness! Please keep rising above ignorance thrown your way.
Thank you for your concerns. I am proud of you and  the President.

Mexico earthquake deaths rise to 61. Nothing from your family
Derrr
Melania, please ignore the cruel and insensitive, classless  comments. Thank you for your concern and compassion.
I just can't believe some folks are gonna try to ride it out on Duval St.  Hopefully They can tread water if they don't get hit by a  boat
Duh. How about anytime listening to local law enforcement? Oh yeah, your family is above that.
Thank you for the message people are stubborn or don't care let them know At a certain time they can not be rescued they've ALL ALONE
Thank you for your concern & thank you for being a wonderful FLOTUS. Please remember the MSM & the Left do not speak for most Americans.
Thank you Flotus.

Who is realy causing this storm abd why. Storms dont gather  strength  in cold water.  But this one did. FEMA is not our friend either
When u go cow boy u don't think about the 1st responders they have babies, and parents and some elderly!
don't do such things u put little ones daddy's and mommmys in harm ways,cooler to help a or a friend pet god bless,shalom pray for my son
