I bet the children of Puerto Rico wouldn't mind some of that health care right about now, or their families either.  Or food. Or water.
And what are you doing to help, while you are being snarky?
Impeached this.
Typical liberal response. He lost the popular vote. (Whining) Maybe the Dems should have put up a better candidate to run against Trump?
Yup that's me.
What's so great about her? She's married to a pig plus the whole world has seen her naked. I would like to know what she's accomplished
My sentiments exactly
Pamela,Laura  # do unto others as you would want others do on to you # take you added to another country
Learn to spell, then work on constructing a sentence that makes sense.
Pamela  # Romans 12:18 
If it is possible, as far as it depends on you, live at peace with everyone.
# do you have a many friends 
I have enough it's not something to worry yourself about .Why don't you move on to someone who gives a shit about  what you say 
You and your dotard hubby are both useless! Don't you know that there is a humanitarian disaster in PR? DO SOMETHING USEFUL!!!
And what are you doing to help? Just wondering since you seen to have time to criticize the first lady on social media.
Americans Should be ashamed  taking badly about Mrs.Trump President Trump They done more than any First Lady and President We've had
What has she done? Out of curiosity.
We got hit hard Matthew Not one of the Obamas came here to NC Ivanka Trump did with a trailer of supplies Mrs Trump went to Texas n Florida
Did you forget that Michelle Obama visited after many disasters? What Melania did was not unique.
Didn't see them in Lumberton N.C Didn't even come to give even a cracker Thankful  HEAVENLY FATHER protected Me that awful Day
Even if a current hurricane had hit Lumberton this year, Trump wouldnt have gone there. He went to Houston, then to his golf course in NJ.
You are looking for ways to disrespect him,he is helping all in need,was working in New Jersey. I believe during remodel, but he was working
I stand for our country, not a symbol for the country. I know many others feel the same. You’re raising the flag to diety status. Not okay
i have been reporting parasite infections infestations since 1990 the rural towns have no sewerage in southern USA its 3rd world conditions
Thank you Melania Trump for all you do and the sacrifices you and your family has made on our country's behalf. May God Bless you...
Sacrifices...??
The sacrifices people make...SMH
Illuminati what do u think of Melania . Was she a Prostitute.
Sadly, with your husbands plans many, many children will no longer have health coverage, you still proud?????
Your Joking right?  
Donald hurt my feelings
I want my fucking help please
HAHAHAH!  That's a joke... right? SHE is as useless as her impotent, lame husband! All she is is arm candy - NO substance!

Defunding Planned Parenthood Would Leave Poor And Rural Women Without Care: CBO |
Thank you for being a steady, positive influence.  We love and appreciate you, your grace and gentleness.
Michelle Obama was an admitted hater of America and her people, causing this huge divide.  Try not being an a-hole it's wonderful.
Michelle Obama is a man.  But thanks for proving how utterly despicable you leftists are.  Psycho nut jobs one and all filled with hate.
I completely agree on opioids from Pharmaceutical Co. yet NOT natures plant Kratom which has helped me to have a productive and pain free life without the scary effects as pills
Thank you @FLOTUS! Pediatric Health Care has come long way from when I used to be in that specialty.
What about the children of Puerto Rico?? Why not organize doctors and medical help to PR instead of attending another fund raiser!
Please Mrs.melania Trump help the people of Puerto Rico!!!!
They are. Trump is sending food, water, and medical care. Stop watching fake news
We must all do better for the children. Thankful for your kindness. 
Well said!! I agree 1000%!!!! 
Tell your husband to not take away children's health care. Thanks
I didn't say he was . I said don't take away children's health care.
This post was positive! Focus on the good! The change starts with US!!  USA 
Not for long, with your hubby trying to deprive millions of people medical coverage. Silence is complicity, #fakewife.

And where's your picture and credentials posted with these ladies? Let's see your own ranking.  This is a country of opportunity for all.
Hillary is a criminal. Sold 20 percent of our uranium to the enemy, Russia. Russia donated millions to her campaign. Collusion.
Too bad #Trumpcare Doesn't cover children in need nor adults for that matter only the top .01% as usual! What a disgraceful representation!
That's actually very false. #readit
Sorry but Trumpcare DOES NOT cover children, adults that need coverage or low income (medicaid) elderly  (medicare) or keep social security
That's not correct.  Please read.
The flag is ashamed being MISUSED by the #FakePresident
UNTRUMP THE WORLD - FREE TWITTER
http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
Please remember the children of PR and VI.
If it could be possible for you to listen to big concern s for special needs kids here in Maryland
Write your local congresswoman or look up where to send correspondence.  Can't help if they don't know!
I have the only politicians  trying to help so far delegate Edith Patterson, Senator Miller,Senator Middleton
I will help spread the word.
Ty I, my team our doing our best , will keep trying for the special needs kids , adults
#CHIP
@FLOTUS interest in 9 million children's healthcare? Means nothing? Don't make proclamations  do nothing but travel to watch people suffer.
How about CHIP?
wasn't CHIP funding just slashed ?
Now your husband is going to take it all away and let children die
http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/10/03/555166767/lapse-in-federal-funding-imperils-children-s-health-coverage … Yeah, but forget any kids/families affording it. Pretty faces and phony smiles won't keep 'em alive.
The Children’s Health Insurance Program, CHIP expired leaving 9 millions kids with no insurance!
Didn't the Trump crowd announce to-day that they were cutting a big part or all of Children's Healthcare out of their future non-Obamacare.
As your husband and Rich cronies took away #CHIP which helped millions of us children, unconscionable
You do know that R-led congress let #CHIP expire, right?
How's about doing something real for a change? I know, no photo op.
Really you have to feel sorry for people that only say and do hate filled things hoping you are not calling yourself a positive person
The haters on Here do not even understand class and compassion they only see hate must be a horrible life for them
Thank you for being a woman of compassion & love for all being  a team with our President in a powerful way
You know CHIP expired, right? You know what CHIP is?
Didn't TRUMP take health care away from 9,000 children? What is going on?
https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/all-lives-matter-single/id1292555317 …
Will you tell your husband that the CHIP program got innocent children needs to be approved. If you care about children
But your husband wants to take away most of their healthcare. You 2 aren't working together are you?
Then why are you, Donald, and the Republicans trying to take health care away from the poor and middle class. It will weaken our nation!
What about healthcare for the 9 million children that lost it Sunday morning due to Congress not  doing their job?
NYC 
Amazing
Beautiful
Cool
Crazy
Awesome
Fabulous
Is that why the CHIPS program for children's healthcare failed to be renewed?  GEEZZZ lady if this is what your backing does-stay home.
All the advances aren't going 2 mean a damn thing now that congress has let CHIP fall between the cracks. Tell ur hubby to work not golf!!
Do you miss living in the tower in NYC...
please First Lady, please don't forget our childs and teens with autism ans special education. God bless you
Thank u for all u do-librarian needed Emily Post: "Thank u for the gift however we already have this set & will donate to another library."
Please tell  your husband to renew CHIP for the millions of children who rely on it for their healthcare.  Thank you.
Everyone may need these services, if you have any work, feel free to contact with me.
You are a great First Lady and certainly the most beautiful and intelligent role model.
Better have a word with Donald about his plans for health care.
Love our First Lady.
IN The Trump’s  We Trust
Hey Melania, tell the *president to fund CHIP if you really care about pediatric health care.
Today the CHIP program ceased to exist. 9 million Children lost health insurance.
@kurteichenwald  18hrs ago
9 million children lost their health insurance today. Nine million.

Trump went golfing.
How do you celebrate health care when millions of Americans aren't able to receive it & if your hubby has his way even less will receive it?





























9 million kids lost healthcare while went golfing. Racist low life bum. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse all @FLOTUS distraction post
Nzjzjzkzhjzkz
What are you doing about poor kids in USA who need health care? What are you doing 4 kids in Puerto Rico who are in Dire Straits? Nothing
#Support_Kurdistan
#ادعموا_كُردستان
You're kidding, right? The new insurance legislation proposed will gut health care coverage for children
Thanks
Today you took away healthcare from millions of children. Your admin kills American babies, children. Shame on you.
Did you push for CHIP!
Political response to this tweet? Check yourself or wreck thynself
Excellent..
We can afford it. Sorry.
No different then your hubby actually worse
Then why did CHIP funding END yesterday?!!?!?!! And this atrocity:
Your beautiful and brilliant
What about the children in Puerto Rico?
Oh I see what you're doing? Trying to find a cause that fits. By association you are a hated as much as your husband
You don't know crap.
I can spot a racist hater when I see one.....I would bet a paycheck you are a democrat as most are racist and haters.  Hating on Immigrants
Thank you. The advances are amazing! Still need more. #curecf #CFF
All those young men look pretty thrilled.
How can you $stand to remain with this #monster?
Remember, as it gets buried by a torrent of spin, that Trump attacked the hurricane-ravaged people of Puerto Rico as lazy and ungrateful 
Biocorrx will put an end to this crisis!  We all just need to share this video!!! Look at how they stop addiction
And not interested in immunizations to save children
But  your admin. Is letting CHIP expire? Your statement is hallow.
Must be nice to honor other people who actually do good work. Did you take notes?
I see the "FLOTUS" have many many BOTS but unlike her hubby his BOTS are insane!!! 
Maybe work on the bully stuff too? At home?
Funding for CHIP expires today.  And, the administration is trying to sabotage the ACA enrollment.  Talk some sense into the man!
How do u sleep at night?
Yes what the Nicklaus family does is amazing it's amazing they included you in it- how repugnant can YOU get - the need to tweet on it????
Hmmmmm were you ready to take there healthcare away !!!
Unless your a child in Puerto Rico #americansaredying 
But whatever that seems not to bother you
Brainwashed sheep...
Yo! @FLOTUS... you care about kids so much, get out of the GD beauty parlor and try getting CHIP funded.  
Folks who've shown better leadership than @realDonaldTrump & @GOP :
@pitbull @KingJames @CarmenYulinCruz @Kaepernick7 @DanRather @B4IleaveU

Go back to Slovenia @FLOTUS ! We don't want your racist a**!
And yet your husband lives and breathes insurance removal for millions of Americans.
Really? So more funding for pediatric cancer research? 4% is not enough!
& if your husband has his way, they'll lose that healthcare.
Disgrace.
#prostiflotus
Isn’t your husband trying to restrict pediatric health care by this “reform”?
Your tweets are useless, off-point, out-of-left-field bull s***. Your old man is going to jail. No more designer clothes Mel
What is #HealingGarden?
Thank you for not eliminating access to healthcare for children with the Graham-Cassidy bill!

Pls Melania-your husband is criticizing the mayor of San Juan. In their time of need. It’s deplorable
If they can afford it
Pure evil married to the devil himself
Thank you FLOTUS you are a true inspiration to or great country.
wonderful!  Thank you for caring about pediatric health
#childrenareourfuture.........Thank you for showing kindness :)
After working for 35 years as a PICU nurse, I hope you will encourage your husband to protect the 9 million kids who depend on CHIP.
Focus on taking care of #children dying in Puerto Rico, @FLOTUS #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief #ShameOnYou #HurricaneMaria
I am so grateful to have such a wonderful First Lady to represent us in the world.Multi-lingual, brilliant and beautiful! Thank you Melania
I guess your husbands have more important stuff to do.
