This is what a REAL First Lady looks like!
White?
If that’s not racist, idk what is. Why do liberals have to bring race into everything?
Then how does she look different from any previous First Lady?
I have zero issue with Melania. I take issue with people pretending their comments aren’t racially motivated when they clearly are.
So are you telling us you know what people think? Then maybe you should go to Las Vegas and gamble and win millions!
How’d she make it through the metal detector with that cold, metallic heart?
Here is your problem Frank, you fell for the narrative, therefore believe in nothing but lies. The only one with that cold heart is you
Do you know her personally??? No you don't, you ASSumed her character, by the lies in which you believe. I suggest you research before hand
I literally watch her interact with other people.
Through a tv, which unless you are tech-incapable should realize it's been edited to what you think is truth. Open your eyes and see truth
What? Edited? Tell me more.
Floyd knows her intimately from naked pictures and having a pistol in his pocket. Don't argue w/ 2nd A, mister!

Did you ask those kids  if they had their breakfast, Bambi?
You might want to take a cue from them.
Michelle Obama brought style,elegance,class and brains to the White House.Trumps sadly lacking.
Thank you for all you are doing as our @FLOTUS. You are loved and adored. . #MAGA
Most beautiful dress ever.
#MAGA #winning
Because your husband definitely doesn't
Great to see a Trump not demeaning people but encouraging them
nice 
The Classiest First Lady evah. #MAGA
Amen

Awesome
#Leadingbyexample which is something your#Oldasshusbandshoulddo
all these years in your golden Tower and NOT ONCE did you think to bring anything to the less fortunate .. did you ever feed the POOR or bothered to share
Thank you for leading by example!
Best First Lady ever 
Why? She's done nothing!

This was fake news. Melania Trump = Illegal immigration & chain migration at its finest.
Did you use your husband as an example of what a bully does? You can’t be an example unless you live as an example.
I honestly think she does her best to set her husband straight; but he's a free agent & that's not her fault.
Talk to your husband about bullying. Kindness starts at home.
The School main source for learing
Where are you, Sarah? Coming from such a christian home, surely you were taught not to lie. Your POTUS is lying. You're now lying for him.
Thank you Melania!! You are a great example of what a First Lady should be 
Thank you first lady we all appreciate you . I know people going to criticize just ignore them ignorance seems to be Bliss these days.
#Impeach45
While your husband spends time with his wife/daughter.
GET THE HELL OUT MY STATE SUGAR TITS
Oh you don’t know Jean
You are an asset to our nation Melania. Thank you for engaging our students!
Great classy lady keep up the good work God bless you and your family
And thank you FLOTUS for being an awesome role model for my little girl 
Notice when you truely smile you are with children.
Nice to see a 1st Lady who acts like one. Our prayers go out to you and President Trump. God continue to bless you both & keep you safe.
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3303819/Inside-Donald-Trump-s-100m-penthouse-lots-marble-gold-rimmed-cups-son-s-toy-personalized-Mercedes-15-000-book-risqu-statues.html … all that money and not once doing something for the poor
Please leave your face alone.. You look different every time I see you

Did you talk to them about your sexual predator sugar daddy?
Sad your horrible husband does not lead by example! Rep. Wilson is getting death threats due to your husband! Are you proud of that?
What a classy fine lady, Beauty and Brains, So honored to call her my @FLOTUS Her love for children shows. She respects and honors them. Children can tell. They have good BS radar. They adore her.
Thank you for your hard work
Thank you for being such a wonderful First Lady.  We all love you and President Trump, and appreciate how hard you are working for us.
Such a beautiful and lovely LADY!!
It’s so wonderful having a FLOTUS who is sincere in what she does. Finally someone with grace.
You’re still a nice looking lady. You can do much better. Dump Trump!
https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/michelle-obama-charity-let-girls-learn-billions-fundraising-countries-ceos-united-nations-speech-a7319546.html … that was a REAL 1st Lady does
Who are you?

https://www.independent.ie/entertainment/banter/trending/watch-melania-trumps-interview-from-2011-demanding-to-see-barack-obamas-birth-certificate-35396580.html …  A REAL Lady would have held her tongue but the money is just too good
Melania why dont u teach ur husband how 2 stop bullying porn stars & Playboy playmates
@CStuper What does a REAL First Lady look like? Inquiring minds want to know? Be honest too!
Hope you covered your grabbed parts. #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
Ur no First Lady! Barbara Bush was a First Lady Hillary a 1st lady mrs. Obama r all 2 st ladies that did not do porn. Nothing about u says America. Ur a sham
Meanwhile your husband is playing jail bait wait, insulting parents in front of their kids and fat shaming said kids. Really helping kids
Got jump in on this one. Melania talked about cyber-bullying? What's going on with that? She's visiting schools to try and cover herself.
money can cover up a lot of things but won't make you into a LADY
Teaching them not to bully? You really need to TEACH THE BULLY IN CHIEF, YOUR HUSBAND FIRST ABOUT BULLYING!
You are a snow flake... ooops ami bullying you?
She is a nice, beautiful, decent lady.

I meant Woman Of God. Stupid spellcheck
look and Micjhelle didn't even needed designer clothes and Botox to be a Lady

YOURHUSBANDISFULLOFTRUEBULLSHIT.
Love you both
Thank you for your graciousness and for leading by example, First Lady.
I am so glad that you had a good time
Excellentemundo!!!  She brings to the WH much class!!!
Kool-aid.
Am so proud of u Madam First Lady Melania Trump....keep up the great work u doing....MAGA
Awesome  First Lady.



Oh that's nice. Are you telling them how your husband is planning on taking their health care?
The healthcare all the tax payers are paying for
Very nice
U.S.A gave Iraq to Iranian people that are hiding them identity all people in green zone are Iranian
https://twitter.com/aguirreryan/status/923993670159699968 …

Where is your example hiding?
"I moved on her like a bitch...I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it... Grab ’em by the pussy. You can do anything." https://twitter.com/BuzzFeedNews/status/923991359387783168 …
You should be spending time in showing your husband books sbiut been s leader , to stop bullying and to be humble. How csn you stand to be next to him, what miney does is amazing.
Great time kids happy bless
Guess who is awesome....

 YOU ARE @FLOTUS 
Nice to see her show up for photo op.  When will she be campaigning against bullying like she promised? Oh ya, her husband is president now.  They don’t have to fulfill promises.
Wow, I didn't realize there were female secret service! You go girl! 

It's nice you visited these wonderful kids. Now if you could get your husband to lead by example.
I appreciate that she visited a public school, something I wish @BetsyDeVosED would do more often.
Go home
Not everyday middle schoolers get to meet a pornstar
You would not dare have dragged Betsy deVos to a school in metropolitan Detroit would you?
Thank you Melania for all you do! You are my favorite Flotus and I'm proud of you and everything you & @POTUS are doing to #MAGA 
This is real.
Can't believe that there's anyone buying this "FAKE" scene!

First Lady to a first liar
Stop by Athens Coney Island on Woodward.  Best coney ever!!
Did you go to Flint and drink the water?

Good sympathy deeds melania
M
@Eminem wish you had the balls our flotus has. This is in your state. Respect our people even if you have different views..shame on u coward
Melanie trump she is a beautiful woman
Troll!
wow,liked.
The school you chose was filled with white kids with well off conservative parents.  Why not try a real test of your influence?
Meanwhile people in #flint still don't have #drinkingwater
They've been working on this issue, my daughter lives there.ppl now being prosecuted for fraud and perjury in the Flint water scandal!
What have you done?!!!! Where is obama¿¿¿¡¡¡¡¡ pleeezz!!!!

Responses are hilarious- “Patriots”.  “A REAL 1st Lady.”  “What a Real 1st Lady LOOKS like...”.  Insecurities abound.
Such an amazing @Flotus! So proud!
Thank you Mrs. Trump.
Did she tell kids that degrees do not matter, you can just lie and SAY you have one? How about you draft a building for everyone?
Thank you for being part of  the lives of our Children where ever you go.
Thank you, First Lady, for being a part of the next generation!
First Lady my Ass !!!
These are the kids who will be damaged by pesticides thanks to Trump
And thank you for pretending and playing the role of 1st lady - still not ready for a speaking part, but when you are we have plenty of Michele Obama quotes for you to “borrow”
#MuellerIsComing #MuellerMonday #MuellerIsComing #MuellerMonday #MuellerIsComing #MuellerMonday #MuellerIsComing #MuellerMonday
Did your visit include visiting the people still living in Flint, MI without clean water?
Hypocrites both of you #Sad

Nice
So Happy, that she is doing her Duty, I had been Wondering if she was just going to stay behind the scenes, Happy she prove me wrong.. 
You are awesome Mrs.Melania
Sarah,  "1. collusion are lies, 2. sexual assault are lies, 3. tax cuts are great". 3 for 3 in known lies you told this week.  Perfect!

Joy,we can as a citizen demostrate her that we are different, cause she might not know any other way be around us,what do you think princess? ?
God bless American people see full video and audio here http://twineer.com/6GW7  God bless America
Talk to your husband about #bullying. Oh. You guys don't talk? I totally understand. He has cheated multiple times on you and is a #LIAR
Yet your whole statement is not bullying. Interesting
Melanie seems her most relaxed around children. She has had a lot of practice with her overgrown, willful manchild.
Очень мило)
Melanija probably enjoys anything that does involve being with dotard45. #pecanpie
Thank you Melania You are a great First Lady
#Mrs. Trump(Melania) does a great job and you can tell she loves children!!

#it is all about our children and their future #I am glad you spent time with our future
your a great FLOTUS
Have you seen your husband’s latest approval ratings?!  Lowest ever!  Wow...
how can you do it?  You know the truth.  And you back a bully that you live with.  You are so much better!!!!
Fake noflotus.
Go back to slovenia illegal alien.
Idiots
@realDonaldTrump  She smiles so happy when away from POTUS. We will be that happy too, after he is impeached.

Thank you so much @FLOTUS Melania Trump. we love you  our #FLOTUS.
Very nice http://payjut.com/?refer=12537 
Saw you speak at the Opioid function~ you were awesome & inspirational.(I lost a sister).You're doing great work for our country. Thank you
Good day first lady..

Ironic she goes on her anti cyber bulling tour yet her pussy grabbing husband still likes to cyber bully.
You should be ashamed of the example your husband is giving those kids.
Super critical socialist withTHREE followers 
Competent woman! Keep doing the good job. We love you!

Thank you first lady for being a example and doing what you do best loving our fellow Americans.
If only you could tech your husband to do the same.
Melania looks happy doing this, good to see a real smile.
Thank you, Mrs. Trump!
Melania is America’s Sweetheart. I’m proud of this First Lady!
Love her  MAGA
Very nice to see First Lady 
@flotus they didn't understand a word you said  hire a English coach. You suck.
Ice Queen.
Good Job First Lady!
Teach your predator spouse about bullying and the devastating effects of such behavior.
Deport the illegal bitch living in the Whitehouse
So very nice 
You say you are against BULLYING........have you ever tried to stop your husband from bullying?   He's the biggest bully I have ever seen!
Good heart of love and simplicity
Thank you @FLOTUS for all you’re doing for kids in our schools!
Amazing First Lady 
FLOTUS. Thank you for being a First Lady we can be so proud of and yes the most beautiful
I’m more proud of you First Lady everyday.  And that’s saying something since you’re already awesome anyways.
Sarah Bawahhhhhhhhh 
You going bye bye for being complicit too!
Donald Shang Tsung Trump #YourSoulIsMine
