may your role model be an inspiration to Africa's first ladies! am proud of you precious one.
I
Waooooooo that's amazing
Thank you @FLOTUS for representing  with EVERYTHING PERFECT AND GOOD!!! We love & appreciate you! #MAGA 
I AGREE JIM_CAT! SHE GETS MORE BEAUTFIL EVERYDAY! WHATS HER SECRET? BECAUSE SHE IS NATIVE AMERICAN HER SKIN GLOWS LIKE CANDLES! LOVE HER!
Lol you are so authentic you had me for a sec 
Bwahahahaha
Melania it starts at home! Get a handle on your bully! The Trump crime family is way off base.
Everyone may need these services, if you have any work, feel free to contact with me.

First Lady Melania Trump urges adults to teach children about #cyberbullying 'by our own example'
is this The Onion? because it (and she) is the biggest joke ever
The money spent on your "glam" projects take money from those same children you espouse to care for.  You two deserve each othe.
Hi Melania, just wanted to check if you invited Honeylet Avancena because she is claiming she went to NY because of your invite.
U are a nobody to question that..

Well it's not often world leaders get to meet a form porn model who **** her way from Eastern Europe to the White House
Did you feel the same way when Michelle Obama was being insulted?  My guess is no
Melania is hands down the most beautiful and classy first lady i've ever seen... God bless you
If she could just get over her desire to flaunt her Wealthiest-ness! Designer clothes women&children as are starving!
All the important problems in this world and you're concerned with her dress.
Ha!Ha!The least of my concerns! The point is she has no clue that flaunting Wealth is bad optics! Here absorb this! 
It's a good thing for the first lady of the united states to dress properly.  She's representing our country.
You should be fighting people like your own husband. You're a trophy wife, real women have nothing to learn from you.

Awwwww love these. Loved those kisses with mother and father as a kid.
Melania Trump is most beautiful woman in a whole world
REALLY A CLASSY LADY
Thank you Melania for all you do! You are beautiful. God bless.  #MAGA
Let's face it : Melania is NOT beautiful! Her beauty is overrated
https://www.americasbest.com/ppc/save-money-eye-exam?gclid=CjwKCAjw3_HOBRBaEiwAvLBbotSblj0q8VZ_EUJaQ6MpXmH70vX138T29Ti5BNHI_og_JS6AYzYVrxoC6rQQAvD_BwE …
And women who think you're great are the reason men still think they're superior than women.
I find it outrageous that women aprove and endorse this type of behavior. We've all seen how Trump treats her and how submissive she is!

You mad?
No..you?
I'm great. #MAGA for 7/12 more years

That shirt/ dress thingy you wore made you look like a Pokémon #FLOTUS
It's AMAZING watching women criticize the first ladies looks/appearance and it's safe to say that the JEALOUSY is apparent. Very shallow!lol
Our First Lady is beautiful! Smartmost of all a Mother. 
Agreed! Total class!
Very classy
Yes it is. Absolutely beautiful. Why the hate/jealousy?? She's OUR first lady. You should support OUR President and pray for OUR success
And Obama didn't?? You are an enemy of this country. YOU don't want this country to succeed which makes you the enemy. So sad. Feelsorry4u
How dare u call me an enemy of this country? Trump and his base are the enemies. Russian calaborators, Nazis, grifters, non Christians. You!
AMEN!
You are a great lady. Thanks for all you and President Trump do for us.
پیاری بیٹی
Explain to me how your husband tweeting a meme hitting Hillary with a golf ball in the back isn't bullying!

So wonderful to have a First Lady who truly cares about our children. 
It was, wasn't it.  Mrs. Obama is the best!
I'll get back to you, let me run out & get a few links. It won't take long. Oh, and you know what she DIDN'T do? Pose nude.
You are an amazing woman! God bless you and your family for serving! Stay strong!
Like taking away their healthcare. Nice work, fraud. Why don’t you have your visa press conference your orange husband promised in 2016?
My my - you're a toxic hater.  So elementary and ignorant.  Study American law - it might help you attitude.
Deb - you didn't win the presidency.  Deal with it.
America pities you, Deb.  Better move to Noko to understand what bullying means - or look in your mirror.
Putting an end to bullying is very important. And i think it should start at home. So start with that husband of yours.
He doesn't bully kids though...oh wait unless you count the intellect of liberals/Dems then they are kids.
Anybody he "bullies" deserves it . It's called having a spine
Wonderful I will have to look up UNGA Bless you
9 million kids lost healthcare while went golfing. Racist low life bum. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse all @FLOTUS distraction post
bad pictures
How do u sleep at night?
Cyber bullying alert.
You should look into it. 
The culprit is @realDonaldTrump
#childrenareourfuture Thank you
Sorry ur Dr Seuss books donation was refused-don't u think @POTUS needs them 4 practice? Maybe ask him nxt time u wanna give away his things
You need to run a away from the orange pus bag!! #FreeMelania




Cambridgeport Elementary, in the heart of the UBER RICH, has only 3% Black Students! Want to explain that Cambridgeport Elementary? #MAGA 
Hie
Glad you and @SecondLady are friends and work so well together.  Our country is lucky to have you two representing us to the world.  Bravo!
Beautiful Heart!!!!
At least you were away from your husband. Seriously how do you do it? Nobody would look down upon you getting a divorce. Save yourself!!
Please check your facebook there is a family in need. thank you,
YAHWEH Bless you 
You do understand that a bully will probably raise a bully right?  #stopbullying
thank you
Hi
Mrs. Trump: The children of Puerto Rico have no water. No fuel. These children need your immediate help.
Thanks for taking care of the children. Finally someone getting priorities straight on what should be done in this country. Love you and your family. God Bless YOU all!
Love your outfit, how lovely. First Lady Melania shines!
NICE
First Lady Melania, May we encourage and embrace individual uniqueness and celebrate differences love great. Momof7
 https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/s/ref=is_s?k=the+perfect+pumpkin+by+teandra+knapp …
Great job @FLOTUS!
Keep up your excellent work as pur country's first lady
Agreed. Fabulous Hot Pink sends a strong message
So how can we get your attention about your bullying husband?
İkizimde benim gibi iyilik meleğiymiş
How are the English as a second language classes?it sounds like you may not be doing all your needed homework.
All you do is dine???? You're gonna get out of shape and Trump'r will dump you...& get the next Miss Russia..

You looked terrified. Did you really enjoy it or are people making you say that? When will your program on bullying finally begin?
What a wonderful person!

Vaccines are now too toxic and too much watch this video from American Channeler:
Good work 
How much of your anti bullying campaign reflects your own home situation? You are after all married to the biggest bully in the world.
Your stupid nonsensical speech was abhorrent "hope you understand that word" stop bullying what a laugh .. no brains no intelligence #sad

I hate you because you're so pretty and I can't dress
By the time all the expenses are paid kids get little to nothing. Ladies get expensive lunch. Ask Eric about that!
Why not do an event when your cronies pay to roll their sleeves up, get dirty and give real practical help. That's what kids need.
That outfit fits is you! Absurd.
Pfft
She always stands tall and never apologizes for America. I love our FLOTUS
A truly glorious First Lady!  It is SO ABOUT TIME!!!  What a relief after 8 long years of the petting zoo!
Can this giant piece of bubble gum keep her husband from opening his mouth? Before talking to us about bullying, DO YOUR JOB AT HOME LADY!
You know your whole "anti-bullying" campaign is a total joke as long as you're married to the biggest Bully-in Chief?!" Leave with Baron!
Also, most of us don't despise you; we totally despise your husband. Leave. Get out. It's not your fault. We have your back. He's crazy.
Definition of irony. Anti bullying. Married to ultimate bully. How do you resolve that?
You are so beautiful Melanie! Keep up the good work!
You are an embarrassment
You have a good message. Now get your husband to follow it.
https://soundcloud.com/aurroralennoxyes/memories …
nice look
Jesus watch over Melania tonight. Comfort her with peace and the strength she needs to get through each day. Amen 
You look like you're wearing a suitcase.
You were great & your dress was beautiful!  We're very proud of our intelligent, pretty First Lady!
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL SPECIALLY IN THAT DRESS. LOVELY
You did a great job Mrs. Trump and looked beautiful as always!
She loves the children.  Decent human being. Wish i could say that about Potus
Thank you for wearing clothes! 
You are awesome, First Lady! Prayers!
I love our FLOTUS!! So beautiful and so knowledgeable. So proud of our POTUS and FLOTUS
Gave up on bullies I see. Bummer. You have one in the WH who has to be stopped and taught some manners.
Bitch please, yes bitch! You have not done a damn thing for  children and never will. All about the photo ops. NO ONE BELIEVES YOU!!!
Stole another one of Michelle Obama's speech....at the  UN.
Do you know how many children will suffer because of your fat husband's racist policies?  But they're black, right, so who cares?
You remind me of you
This is yolanda Lopez of Belize.I like your hosting yesterday.
Her face doesn't move at all only her lips it hurts to listen to her speak omg
All those hungry children! how was your lunch? #TraitorTrump
on the world stage,her husband is the biggest bully on the planet and shes the biggest hypocrite and useless pig. Let's get real here!  #PIG
Such a huge disappointment
If only she had some influence on dotard. She was such a fan (obviously, wink,wink) of FLOTUS Michelle.
The only reason this pig wants to campaign against bullying is not for kids but for herself, she doesn't want to be bullied an humiliated !
So, is this the type of online bullying you were referring to?
#TrumpFAIL
#hypocrites
On behalf of this little girl. Who's lost her entire family at the hand of an American-made missile
Remember Buthaina? The bomb that killed 16 people and injured five-year-old Buthaina was made in the US: http://amn.st/601982aFv  
Your husband is a bully and is cruel to fellow human beings.  Every day he says cruel and hateful things that my children have to witness.
Melania looked like pink balloon ready to fly!
You are beautiful both inside and out.  We love you and Donald and i hope you can endure the terrible way those democrats are treating you

If you really wanted to help children, you'd tell your husband to leave ACA alone and stop threatening to nuke people. That'd save children.
lovely linen #UNGA  can you tell me who designed?
Thank you @FLOTUS for inviting the Philippines First Lady Ms. Honeylet Avanceña 
Joke purchased wife / enabler shame and  embarrassment Flores
For a woman with normally such good taste (other than husband), this pink thing you wore did nothing for you. Goodwill box?
God bless you First Lady Melania for all you support for the children 
Find a new cause otherwise be quiet until you can get your BULLY HUSBAND to stop you help us make fun of http://you.You   r useless

Ivanka Trump defends 11-year-old brother from online critics https://susanorji.blog/2017/09/23/ivanka-trump-defends-11-year-old-brother-from-online-critics/ … via @wordpressdotcom

And #WeThePeople "so enjoyed" you plagiarizing @MichelleObama's speech, yet again. Your 'bullying speech is ironic. Next one, on PLAGIARISM!
La clase no se improvisa
Burn that dress please.
@SecondLady 
Was it a T&A show?No attire required!
Oh yeah DT's ho is going to be great! What a joke her with her clothes on can't speak ENG
What a joke. I mean a complete joke. You've really done nothing, nada, zip. Shame on your for trying to take credit for children.
Start at home, Melania. You must know how ridiculous you sound. Lucky for you so many Americans can be fooled.
What were you thinking? The dress is wretched.
Plz tell hus t  hes "the biglyest internet bully in world history. He'll  it. Or, maybe grow a pair start your campaign with your man!
Gosh lady, that top is way too bright. A little more descrete dressing would show more class and style. Or are you a diva?
You are phony.
You dress like a clown. The only things missing are a red nose and size 42 shoes.
I wrote this song for Mr. Trump:
You have no idea what you are talking about.  Cuts to Medicaid, welfare,  & prevention programs are hurting the children.  Fraud
You are the best!! 
