You’ve made us so proud with your grace and elegance @FLOTUS Thank you for representing the #USA we love  you!

@FCC THIS is a “ news” organization? Obviously very partisan! @seanhannity @JackPosobiec @SaraCarterDC #Lordy


Your base always had a tough time spotting the real fake news.   No wonder you were all duped so easily. 

Our story "Republicans Parade Tiny Flags In Support Of Imprisoned Dwarves" didn't give our FAKE status away?   Look closer, Trumpers.   You are all EASY targets.  Easy AF.
I think you're doing a great job! Keep up the great work @Flotus 
a great job doing what? posing for photos and walking the Great Wall in stilettos?
Are you a man or a mouse? What a nonsensical thing to say,  only small men cannot find a correct and gracious thing to say. What do you know about stilettos anyway? Curious!!
Your "FLOTUS" is much more concerned with eating diamonds for breakfast and worrying about what she's wearing for the cameras than she is about the people of China.
Why is your concern focused on what MY @FLOTUS is wearing, when it should be your lack of free speech in your own country? #Canada #Priorities
K sweetie.
We don’t have to insult you, we don’t care about you, and that’s insult enough.
Thanks for keeping your clothes on
You may want to tuck your jealousy back in.  Doesn’t look good on you. 
No jealousy here. I was a successful professional model and hold 8 college degrees, my first at age 15. My husband is also a way better compassionate human being.
If you weren’t jealous then you wouldn’t have tried to shame @FLOTUS with her nude pic.  Do you think she’s not aware they exist!  #envyisgreen
She also needs to actually do something constructive with her very powerful position besides finally wearing clothes.
Constructive?  Like what?  Screw up school lunches like @flotus44?  
You call making meals for children healthier screwing it up? Girlie, you are really ignorant but that's to be expected of your kind.
If you call this “healthy”... run to the nearest mental health provider .
Send him big thanks for his positivity here. Most appreciated
*Gyna
@jmtjoan Thank you Melania for serving our country well as First Lady. I am older and have seen many First Ladies that have graciously served. You make us very proud as one of the few First Ladies that speaks several languages.
God Bless You @FLOTUS @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
Thank you China for your graciousness to our lovely First Lady.
Of course they are gracious to the first family Trump and his daughter have factories Filled with children working to produce their clothing on a daily basis. All the crap that’s made in China with the Trump name on it.
Thank you Mrs Trump 
VC SAMBI BEM O QUE
Wouldn't it be cool if the world had something to Thank YOU for? Cause right now you are bringing ZILCH to the table.
wow this is amazing !
China is beautiful country love from Pakistan
我们是兄弟!WE ARE BROTHERS!
一个爱好和平的民族，peace-loving people
Wow!!!
You're such a beautiful person, and not just on the outside.

太美了，中国美国！
Beautifully done and, love the sharing of the Chinese culture with you and, the world through your eyes...
I’m so proud of our First Lady!! I love how classy she looks and the way she speaks. She’s very cautious when she speaks. That tells a lot about a lady. GOOD JOB MELANIA!!!!
Love Our @FLOTUS Graceful, Sweet, Beautiful! Thank you for having Class and Loving this Country!
Beautiful

good evening
Maybe you could post your picture lunapiper and all your tattooes so we can see what a real woman should look like. Care to take me up on that? Maybe we can take a vote to see who gets the most votes?
I have a very good life as a human being not brainwashed into supporting those who would do our Country harm. You oughta try getting a life where you stop spouting talking points of radical leftists and so called Progressives.
классные сиськи
OUR FIRST LADY.    GO MELANIA GO
熊貓!
Can't escape...
Thank you for representing our country with grace and elegance. I am proud to be an American.
Very proud to have you as our First Lady representing our country across the world.
So thankful you are doing what Donnie says, you know what happens when you misbehave!
Thank you, our FINE FIRST LADY, for representing our nation in first class style! You are the epitome of what a QUEEN would be for a kingdom. How blessed we are to be graced with you as FLOTUS. True beauty from the inside out.
So interesting
Bad glasses :)
Okay.
I'll never get over the pleasantries of visiting places one day, and denouncing them the next.
It's so strange to see.
Am excited to see the White House decorated for Christmas.Will you be sharing a video?For a child is born to us, a son is given to us.The government will rest on his shoulders. And he will be called: Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God, Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace. Isaiah 9:6
I love you Melania you are the best
@FLOTUS

Here’s a list of 20 women that have accused Donald Trump of inappropriate sexual conduct #TrumpSexPredator 

https://www.npr.org/2016/10/13/497799354/a-list-of-donald-trumps-accusers-of-inappropriate-sexual-conduct …
Thank you to China for hosting our first lady. China is full of beautiful culture, beautiful scenery and gracious people.
@louise90535705 
Never 4get 
God loves you 
GOD KNOWS EACH & EVERYONE OF HIS CREATION
Their choices 
Their weaknesses 
Their Temptations   @louise90535705
and........................talents & gifts 
yes.
Our first lady is so gracious and kind. Thank You.
Thank you, Mrs. Trump. You represent our nation very honorably.

What a major improvement over what came before. We love and support you and your great husband, @realDonaldTrump. God bless.
THANK you, Melania, for gracefully and beautifully representing America.
And the nudes!
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future. What does yours hold?
It's great to have a first lady that we can be proud of hear and overseas.
It's great to have a first lady that doesn't try to be President.
It's great to have a first lady that is genuinely kind.
I can’t HERE you?
You're a dweeb. You must spend countless fulfilling hours looking autocorrect errors.
I hear  you.  LOL 
viajo y voivio presioso melania

I'm sitting here 
I'm thinking back to a time when I was young
My memory is clear as day 
I'm listening to the dishes clink 
You were downstairs
you would sing 
songs of praise 
And all the times we laughed with you
And all the times that you stayed true to us
Now we'll say
All alone like princess Diana
Come to India soon as we are willing to welcome the lady under whose company businessman Trump became President Trump.
https://www.bonanza.com/listings/NEW-Jesus-Calling-Morning-Evening-by-Sarah-Young-Freeship/533688477 …
Thanks
Nich
統制感ありすぎて、中国は北朝鮮みたいな気持ち悪さがある。
Gorgeous woman.


This is my hand made art work for @FLOTUS Melania Trump
Beautiful!  Thanks for Sharing!
Luxury
Chinese people are very respectful people. But business is business, their goals ar different from ours, perhaps the future will witness a China who embrace a fair days pay, where all classes are treated with respect.

But that time is NOT now
Never going to happen under a socio-communist regime.
Any founding nation based on predatory Marxist Ideals are doomed to lose in a FAIR WORLD. As our information revolution elevates our magnitudes of awareness either governments change or perish.

Socioeconomic concepts that enslave common people are short lived when people's know
Yep, that’s working well in Venezuela, Cuba, DPRK, Communist China, Myanmar, Syria, Vietnam etcetera etcetera
All countries where the govt controls what the people see, hear and read. Only time can fix that. Don’t blame US
Thank God for @OANN @FoxNews @NewsBlurt for presenting true conservative news.
Thank you for your service to our country friend- in and out of uniform. We all should go to the front we are called to, in the time we are called. Free men have a special duty in the world. We recognize this very special gift and obligation. Godspeed 
I am moved by your reply. If ever in SoFla drop me a PM and I’ll buy lunch. Be well and fight the good fight.
I miss you!
VC E DEUSA DE PODER
You always look happy participating in those activities vs. the horrible public meal events lol
Did those children show you how they sew Trump merchandise?
Low class reply
Well, we know little about Canada, and like it that way. Stay in your lane, flannel shirt.
nice mam
Flint
How could you marry a moron with orange hair? He is a clear danger to this country!
哈哈哈哈
Our First Lady. I love the sound of "Our First Lady" What a loss the last 8 years have been without a First Lady of the Land. May God Bless You & keep You Close. #MAGA, @POTUS, @FLOTUS

Bravo! So proud! Best First Lady ever!
Please thank all Chinese people instead of the few people you met in China, because those few so called Chinese officials are not elected by all Chinese people, they don’t represent China.
@POTUS
Watch: 16 women have come forward to report being sexually harassed or assaulted by Trump. Seeing their stories together is incredibly powerful, and damning. It's time to hold him to account.  1 of 2 parts 
What class! Too bad you cannot be the President.
fantastic
@POTUS You're a great and elegant representative For United States of America!
Once upon a time American children were taught to embrace and celebrate our great history and culture like these Chinese children! Sad we’ve allowed it to end! MAGA! Trump 2020!
Beautiful lady, doing America proud!  Thank you for your graceful representation of America in China & elsewhere on this remarkable trip.
Thank You Melania for your WONDERFUL representation of the UNITED STATES! We are LUCKY to have YOU and the PRESIDENT.
superior
Thank you Melania for your perfect representation of America 

@POTUS great Wall of China. Great Wall of America.
You are a treasure!
Thank you China for making cheap clothes for the Melania and Ivanka fashion labels.
Chine is so cool , but Russia will be better
Lovely!!
FLOTUS = grace and beauty 

Obvious she loves children!!!
MAGA
I want to go to China. It is so artistic and Beautiful!
Gross

ABSOLUTELY AWESOME 
You are so very gracious. Thank you for your sacrifice for our country.
What the... Why the Heck trump Administration allow the sicko people hunts endangered animals for damn trophy!!! They kill animals that god create! Good luck to you and trump god will not appericate what all of you did. I thought ya guys are good peoples but NOT
Thank you for making us so proud of the first family! 
Fabulous!!
Hello
THANK YOU FIRST LADY WE LOVE YOU
good luck . i am one Afghan boy from Afghanistan invite you to Afghanistan please come to here  we like you . this is my number  (0093794300054
You are a great First Lady. You make American women proud.
Congertulation  on best trip of china
http:http://dopurcell2012.etsy.com .  Original designed and handmade bead embroidery bracelets incorporating natural stone,gems,beads, etc.
Looks great!   I can see a great appreciation from the president that you are with him on this journey to MAGA.   He loves you even more than before it’s in his eyes.  Thank You for being First Lady
Much love to the girls & boys of Shandong Province! 
Love our first Lady. You are an elegant woman of intelligence and grace. Thank you and Mr. President!
Ciekawe czy Melanii pokazali tez obozy koncentracyjne?
You & husband did great job in Asia. Bless you for taking on tough job of rescuing America.
！
Thank you #FLOTUS ... for being a beautiful,gracious woman that loves our country 
Thank you for representing the USA with such grace and humility. Must have been so refreshing to be treated with such RESPECT on your recent journey.
Beautiful
Thank you Ma’am. You are absolutely a joy. I’ve not felt this proud of a FLOTUS in years. Thank you for your sacrifice, for us all. You will both #MAGA. And welcome back to PB for T-Day. Love from a Jupiter Deplorable. 
Immigrants do come through from time to time. It was a good thing that she meet trump before he did not like them. A wonderful first american lady, she is not.
You are the most generous First Lady I ever know! God Bless You and keep up the good work, specially with children's!
You are a great lady,I wish you all the http://best.You  make us all proud.
You are such a beautiful lady thank you.
You did a excellent job representing America. Keep up the good work
Bonsoir
We our proud of our, Potus and Flotus. Thank you, and God bless
A truly gracious, humble and classy First Lady and person. Mrs. Trump quietly makes history, without a word from press #werewatching
@FLOTUS - you are second in that house.  He wants Ivanka! 

Semion Mogilevich.
she  is  the  lady....love  her
Wow a 2 word response. That's what I would expect from 2nd grader. Oh well the 3rd lady at her best
bonita
Welcome to China again.
China is responsible for the sick, cruel, horrific #YulinDogMeatFestival how anyone can praise that country for ANYTHING is beyond me.
Lovely
Already tweeted this one days ago.
Precious and adorable.

Great reception for our President Trump and First lady Melania.  They whole heartedly welcome them with high honor given to them.
You are amazing, Ms. Melanie! You have such grace and poise! We can see how big your heart is....proud to call you First Lady!
Trophies from elephant hunts in Zimbabwe were banned in the U.S. Trump just reversed that.
SO PROUD OF YOU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
great
Awesome video. Pretty country even though it's known as a communist country
Proud of the First Lady!!!
Thank you Jina!
Good thing all you do is read fashion magazines
良かったですね。
We wish you and your narcissistic sociopath of a husband had stayed there...maybe you could plagiarize China’s first lady’s speeches...
I'll tell you something that you already know: your husband is lower than scum in a truck-stop toilet.
You represented the country well as a lovely First Lady
Great you had a good time in China. Welcome to visit China again.  There is so much more to see.
 Love our #FirstLady . Absolute class 
Screw you.

Lovely!
So few people? Not a season
Do they really still have cooking class in China. That is actually fantastic in all realms
Re; Elephant Trophy Hunt -  Has your man not learned ANYTHING when it comes to respecting the fragility of the natural animal kingdom and the need to do more to protect, rather than exploit ..... IDIOT!!!!!!!!
Just gorgeous  #hatersgoing2hate #maga
So proud to have you as our first lady.
Thx you were gracious representative for USA ...
Oh what a welcome you got and your fashion wear is just beautiful. The panda is really sweet.
Totally unimpressed by her. Donald flaunts her only for her looks. Why does she hide behind sunglasses all the time anyway? @POTUS
