Holy crap!!
Excellent W..
It is our honor to have such a graceful woman as our first lady. We are grateful that you love this country and proud of how you represent.
Glad you could afford it. 
"The White House is a dump, honestly" - Donald J. Trump
#FreeMelania (And Barron) 
Jayzus wept 
Thank you for gracing the WH with your class and action @ FLOTUS.
pass a law that any news or government official caught lying, to the American public, will be fined and prosecuted in crimes court, jailed
Dear Mr. President and Kathy Griffin
Outstanding!
Holy crap! She didn't slap his hand away! Lol
Stormy Daniel?
Mrs. Trump the speech you gave was heart felt and beautiful. I believe you can refresh the White House just as lovely as Mrs. Kennedy did while her husband was in office. Looking forward to see pictures of the beauty you add to the "People's House!!" God Bless You Your Family
May God Continue and Forever Bless you @FLOTUS and @POTUS America Loves You and you entire Precious Family more than the MSM will ever reveal. True Patriots know the True!!! You are prayed for everyday and God is with you
Thank you, dear First Lady. You are such a beautiful and spiritual inspiration to us...US.
regal enough, mm maybe, just maybe,
titanium white is needed on ceiling
blue crystal, who knows, the sky and
earth,
It's been 9 mnths! What is UR platform? Bullying is out bcse.UR married 2 the biggest one!  Womens rights? UR hubby wants to take thm away.
Love you! You are the best First Lady that we have had!! Keep like that and God bless you!

This is natural beauty that wasn't bought. This is a real FLOTUS who worked hard to fight juvenile diabetes!
What ugliness from the liberals here.Im blocking every one of them
It's an honor having you and @POTUS in We The Peoples house! Beautiful video!!
Very proud of our First Lady. Class, compassion and elegance. Thank you from Tennessee, Melania.

#MAGA
Just a reminder to her haters: Not only is she YOUR FLOTUS but she's also Hilary Clinton and Michelle Obamas . Thank god for the come up

WHAT A DELIGHTFUL FIRST LADY!
-You did an absolutely beautiful job!  Thank you for putting your heart in what you do.  Praying for you all!
Can Donald take a few minutes to read the constitution?
Wow!
Thank you for taking care of our White House...God Bless...
Was it an honor to marry into a family of frauds?
Proud of you First Lady Melania
Lazy did nothing stand dumb blonde brown hair or whatever color you use. All fake w plastic surgery
You are the shittiest First Lady ever!
Very beautiful speech. God bless you Melania and all the good work you have ahead of you representing our country as First Lady.  
 @FLOTUS
Everyone may need these services, if you have any work, feel free to contact with me.
You are doing a GREAT JOB as First Lady!
Donald Trump is the opposite of Jesus Christ.
Melania, thank you for maintaining amazing grace & class while performing all of your duties as our First Lady.  Thank you for representing while continuing walking tall toward your dreams and ours and for your continued efforts through adversity that is inevitable!  Amazing UR!
And the point of this dinner was . . . . ?
Just beautiful First Lady, so proud of you and the President
We do love you, Melania. You are indeed incredibly lovely, kind, and the most elegant and intelligent first lady ever!
And was so beautiful
You are such a lovely First Lady and an inspiration to me!
You are so incredible and an inspiration to many!! I bet they loved your hospitality!
https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DiesXe_sWCUc&h=ATOFM8KZD3W3U4rxIWaa8_byJ3rBMVvfzYJXsltxzyBizQJaDlH2hdIODmWfa1rmh_gDxWQYvyNd4bUADhVec38AVgsFXZcfubE0aSxymuuRN6_S_-MEDCKh6951ZYTqs9uBQDd72SYuAFBRoVjNkmeOsSo&enc=AZNJWc_wbT4CrRLkNDWYCGvhqq33kBgaZ5pWqtuBgASD4DDrJW8KJjqs-SIcLjTxyCfxDjPRN3jM44LkVF347SGXwy3z0WH9UxmZArowUNsMGegSuxqXCYZDcKH1xOal-f3d-Poyq2kkl5vHGMTgw2u2jTi1OKJ69pWJ8reB7xkxK8tAY1enCO4MW5Pc0qM2iPMjBdP53jmV6NJiTjnlSbxjAHAyHo6YPtMTSy9YdYBJUVkiSECic8J92ZH_rGuN53amoonj7Om6Moj7ks15wnfg8HK_mi8D87ksedgMY9MTywAaPKOGqqO7GTQkG4YwXEf8GxHD_vdP_eudv1cKnCgZR112gtrJK-EC87xP6MV32GIaO9VkC4fCHHEdoPlDWZI-OVbtZTofGRg-xI4mSlKuUxqHv_dgK_4nPK031bijig&s=1 …
you know who else would like to have dinner? Puerto Ricans.
You Mrs. FLOTUS are a blessing to children everywhere! Thank You!
I'm sure you were a wonderful hostess. I have to say I live in Northeast Texas please help Porto Rico.
I would like to participate in #Gilding and #Restoration for you!
Nice mam
After eight years of America bashing, can't tell you how ecstatic and proud I am to be an American! You and your husband are saving America.
Beautifully spoken!
How can you stay married to this prejudiced, ignorant man?  Jump ship before he takes you and Barron with him!
gorgeous video
Please, Melania, while you hosted a dinner, Puerto Rico has no water, very little food, no medications/medical care.  I beg you - send help!
Beautiful Great job First Lady !
In awe of your poise, integrity, grace and wisdom!
Melania may God bless you and president Trump and keep you both safe and this day and time Vanessa Kerr thank you
Absolutely beautiful US history, FLOTUS, you make America look great. THANK YOU!
you are the best FIRST LAFY EBER!!M
We love you
You did an amazing job.
Thank you for being a wonderful wife to one of Must remarkable President in our great history!
Realy?
Class Act! #MAGA
Beautiful
You can hear the sweetness in her voice. What a beauty soul!
Your are a beautiful person. I am proud to have you as our First Lady!

Melania . . ..  America loves you  You're the epitome of class, intelligence and grace.  I'm so proud of you as our First Lady!
That's your job
I thought you and #Trump think the White House is a dump. #Grifters #DumpTrump
Your presence in our revered White House is a disgrace. Your family do not represent America's values
Enjoy it while you can. Can't wait for you and your incompetent citizenship sponsor to be removed from our White House
She can READ! Keep your eyes on the words, but watch how you  pronounce things. Think too at how angry your husband may get if you mess up.

Trump Says "Melania Really Wanted to Be With Us"—While She's Standing Next to Him https://www.glamour.com/story/trump-says-melania-wanted-to-be-with-irma-first-responders?mbid=social_twitter_referral … via @glamourmag
and i did'nt get an invite,  maybe nextime
Thank You for being a wonderful First Lady. It is reassuring knowing of your respect and love for our nation.

Whoa. It takes a strange kind of genius to pick a word that makes everybody find a dictionary and go "Holy cow, he IS a #dotard."

How the right lost its mind, sold its soul and embraced Donald Trump. Read this week's cover story http://bit.ly/2fCpL8f  
https://www.facebook.com/NowThisNews/videos/1713583618673121/ …
Missed my invite...
You are a sweet and beautiful woman. God bless you and your family
I can't imagine what it's like being married to a bully with a name like Dotard Don. It will become part of the White House history.
Beautiful.... enough said!
What a regal room! Melania does the White House Proud! She emanates the stature, and elegance required for the position of First Lady!
You are beautiful, thank you for this. They are green with envy. At least now, the White House is being cared for.
Marvelous that the WH is once again the people's house. Thank you for cherishing our history. Finest @FLOTUS in ages! God bless you &America
Illegal immigrant in WH
#liar

Hillary Clinton Considers Destroying Trump By Challenging The Legitimacy Of The 2016 Election via @politicususa http://www.politicususa.com/2017/09/18/hillary-clinton-considers-destroying-trump-challenging-legitimacy-2016-election.html …
I demand to see your greencard!!!!
#StartwithYourBullyHusband #hypocrite #WhataJoke

Melania Trump's anti-bullying speech did not go down well http://huffp.st/6TYtMNK  

If you don't leave this bald Orange unelected Fake Prez all those babies killed & all that blood is on your head! Sleep well with fat man!
Bullying?You do know you are married to the worlds biggest bully in the world? He calls world leaders names like a child.Million will die
You're not fit to walk those halls much less live there!  Go home!  #NotOurFlotus
So Wonderful! Thank you for preserving our most precious History!
#Priceless
Glad we have a Flotus that actually likes this country. Michelle only became proud of it when Barack was nominated. Glad they are GONE!!
btw, if you want to fight bullying, start by talking to the bully you married. He's the poster child of bullies
You make us so proud.
You make us all proud
Listening to ur voice is painful

Thank you so much for all your amazing work, Dear @FLOTUS. 
We are proud of you 
At least you have clothes on for the dinner.  I would offer blessings but God busy sorting out wives, nude photos and grabbing 
How you can even live with yourself is what I think about!!!!!
Beautiful
You're wonderful speaker & #GodBlessAmerica God shed his grace on thee. 30 yrs #militarywife it was so difficult not knowing of his return.
You are so classy and your honor, pride, and love for your husband shines brightly!
Wow too cool! Would be such an Honor to see these, the White House is Beautiful♡
Your husband knows NO History, & he is representing our Nation. Beyond comprehension.
Host A dinner of THE dinner. You need an English tutor.
Melania Just Gave A Speech That Left The Entire World Saying ‘WTF??’
You are an Amazing First Lady, very Gracious and Kind! God Bless You,We Love You and Family!
Thank you First Lady Melania for being an excellent First Lady to host a dinner at the White House
#PaulRyan #Obamacare #TrumpCare #DonaldTrump #IvankaTrump #TomPrice #JaredKushner #RepealAndReplace #MAGA https://www.facebook.com/trumpcaredeathpanel/ …
So glad to finally have such a classy First Lady.  You gave up so much privacy to assume this role.  Your sacrifices are noticed. Thank you!
You dishonor the whitehouse!
So you never know why the country named the United States of America. This lunatics family only understands the Divided States of America
Disgrace our country. I never voted for this fuck family fully corruption with a bunch of lies and bullying why should I suffering this...
FYI .@FLOTUS your husband .@realDonaldTrump is a bully. Aim your speech closer to home.
If I was you I will digging a hole to hide myself. What your husband (lunatic) done just totally embarrassing and humiliating as well as
Just wasted taxes payers money
what's that blue chair?
Surprised you hosted event. Thought Daughter-Wife Ivanka was going to do it
Where are you hanging you nudes? Is it part of the tour?
It is so very magnificent to have such a lovely lady (FLOTUS) in our White House. 
Please choose undiscovered US designers. I swear I won't think you're copying Michelle Obama.
Have you ever even boiled water let alone cooked and served a meal?

Despite what my wife Melania Trump said today, please do not hit golf balls at me or call me a "rapist." Thank you. https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/910546876172259329 …
Lovely event
Amazing just how far one can go with a little bit of English 
@DianaLTaub Great job today speaking up for our children! Tell CNN BBaldwin she needs the speaking practice, not you! Stop CNN false news!
That was beautifully spoken Ma'am!
We love you @FLOTUS
You will be preying when this happens!
Fun puzzle game 
ANDROİD : https://goo.gl/F1do24  

İOS : https://goo.gl/Hm5Ru6 
Thank you dearest First Lady Melania 
Awesomeness 
It always an honor to hear you speak!  At least I now know the USA has a First Lady..us folk didn't see much of the last one

Let's play speech plagiarizing roulette.
Which speech will she read today?
I say a reading from David Sedaris https://twitter.com/CNN/status/910451754847887360 …
When are you going to release photo's of what you've done to the interior of the WH? It is OUR house & I want to see the remodel.
PULEAZE !
 someone on here, name one accomplishment this woman has done as first lady.
Before you give your next speech you should make sure it's something you & your orange don't do to ppl everyday.
This is not what Trump's base had in mind.   Sorry.   #maga disconnect.
I want to see more deplorables like Palin. This nicely done video is not really HOW you got to the WH is it?

Beautiful
You're married to a racist clown 
You smear the WH. Major disinfection required when u soon leave.
