Hey Donnie, when you keep insisting on something it starts to sound like you are trying to convince others it's true when it isn't...
Rich & poor countries share different blueprints for reforming countries & economies due to behaviours.

You are a sham.
Destroying the image of the USA
you're a maniac.
Just make sure you keep it within budget
Is this for you or for Puerto Rico? Never mind, don’t answer.
If you think assault weapons are a right, but universal healthcare isn't, then congratulations, you are what's wrong with America.
Guns are in the Constitution, but free healthcare for people isn’t. That’s why we’re more concerned about our constitutional rights
So change your constitution.
WHAT PROGRESS? ARE YOU KIDDING?
Chicago is PROOF THAT GUN LAWS DON’t Work
death toll in PR is now 34. Is it still great Trump? PR is not a real catastrophe like Katrina right? FOOL
Your response to Puerto Rico is worse than Bush response to Katrina
If he don"t kiss your "A", you'll treat him like that Mayor, an deny him the help PR needs! He damned sure isn't stupid!
Lol.  Pathetic president. Here ,have a napkin
Throw him a roll of paper towels.
The quicker picker upper

Tweeting doesn't count as working "around the clock".
It is called taking a break dummy

Yes you did an amazing job throwing paper towels at people.
Just another campaign stop?
Can you be quiet and keep your hateful thoughts from coming out long enough to truly help?  We all hope so.
"Helping around the clock" is not the same as "Twittering around the clock".
You're amazing POTUS  #MAGA
bot
Nope Too bad for you #MAGA
Sorry but you're a bot. All your followers are bots too. Easy to spot. Your account will be shut down soon. Bye 
Please come back President Obama. We are in desperate need of u ur leadership,ur love and compassion
What kind of president you choose? 
Donald... please hurry up with that big wall.! We prefer to be far away from you! Your'nuts! @GDLFollow
The number of people who have died doubled since you arrived on the island.
They need resources and to be treated just like Texas and Florida. Not as though they were some poor neighbor.
Infectious disease are just now breaking out in the island.  They need billions in relief AND our full attention.
You need to pay more attention to all the deaths that are happening around you & consider using science & facts to prevent further harm!
That means that sensible consideration of gun reform should NOT be held hostage by the SWAMP aka, NRA. Stop being owned by lobbyists.
bot
you really got me good.

Being Latino and a trumpster? You need to be extremely ignorant to be in that group
That paper towel trick today was sweet!
I'm not sure if you are actually working with Puerto Rico or against them.  You insulted them in today's speech.
It's as if you want to blame them for your budget and the increase in the deficit so that people don't blame you.
How Presidential you are....
How about recognizing that Puerto Rico is part of the US and realizing the budget couldn't be spent in any better way.  For god's sake we are talking about saving lives!
We need to repeal & replace the "President" of the United States immediately...
Sooner the better
7.5 more years 
Blessings to the victims of the hurricanes, blessings to the boots on the ground & blessings to you & Melania.  #MAGA
And blessing to the paper towels trump threw at the people without food or water!
Of give it a rest. People enjoying a moment of levity with POTUS during a stressful time was a good thing. Go peddle your ignorant hate elsewhere.
I'm more afraid of trump, than I'm afraid of "Un".....

Do us all a favor and throw in the towel for real! Resign!
What kind of bishop are you ? The problem you have within you is hatred !
America stands with you & we are proud of you. Jobs up, labor participation up, record stock market, GDP way up. Well done 
He has done ZERO other than sign Executive orders and create chaos. Dumb Russian bot.
He has actually passed 53 legislations but you wouldn't know coz you watch #FakeNewsCNN
53 likes for me 28 for the Russian bot! Tell the Kremlin they need more servers!!  
He wants more military options from his Generals...hes keeps trashing them..
I seen coverage live. Then saw Fake News completely twist your whole visit, undermining America & push their agenda. Sad! U R #MAGA no doubt
yeah what you see because I got family there he didn't want to touch no one he made sure his security kept them away from him so stop lying
You lie. Furthering the people who want you enslaved agenda. I watched live, plus have friends there. Go troll somewhere else. #MAGA
Liar and racists... Sums up the Democrats and left.
I'm so glad I a in no party and don't believe in politics mixed with media angle camera shots to show a good side of the fake shit!
You go Mr president you're doing the best you can under the circumstances
Thank you Mr President..
#FakeNews
U will work around the clock 2 Tweet needlessly while people continue 2 DIE in Puerto Rico, 'cause Tweeting about NFL players more important
Lies!!!
Idiot @realDonaldTrump
Keep refusing to name the Mayor of San Juan who is working so hard.  You wouldn't know about leading.  Looks at your "fake" administration.
ASSHOLEASSHOLEASSHOLEASSHOLE ASSHOLEASSHOLEASSHOLEASSHOLE ASSHOLEASSHOLEASSHOLEASSHOLE ASSHOLEASSHOLEASSHOLEASSHOLE ASSHOLEASSHOLEASSHOLEASS
So what did you do for Puerto Rico today, while working around the clock? Asking for 3.4 million friends.
When will you start looking like a First Lady and dressing your age? Your jowels show your obvious age &white jeans look like wannabe. Sad!
Totally not sexy or classy. Sadly, someone who is supposed to be evolved has to loom like this.
I know you are doing all that is possible. Thank you The People's President.
needed fuels.
9. As a US territory, and for the safety and protection of the Puerto Rican people, all rebuilding must be done by following
How can you claim to be working around the clock when you're tweeting all day? Do you even buy your own BS?
I want to know why we can’t help bale out Puerto Rico when we send billions to other countries.
Are you still working with him? Because he just asked for an extension on the 10 day waiver and it was denied. Is he also being filtered?
We'v had several natural disasters n a row. Al were vry destructive. PR is cut off & harder to get to, but efforts are being made. Prayrs to
Mr. President, I’ve lived during a number of administrations, but I’ve never known a president to work as hard as you do for USA people!
That big ass plane and all you bought to PR was paper towels . WTF . .
THANK YOU.....   MR. & MRS. PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!!   GOD BLESS THE U.S.A.!!!
Moron 45 everyone knows you are a Loser
....ESPECIALLY BROWN, LATINO...PUERTO RICAN WOMEN.....RIGHT?
SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL

nice

Progress would mean food, potable water and electricity. Not much of that. Epic failure by the current administration. #TrumpIsAMoron
Different Trump here
Could you just shut up for a day please? That’d be great.
Are you ever NOT making progress? It’s all roses when you pee in a golden toilet. Spend a week LIVING in PR under the same conditions.
Trump campaign subpoenaed over sexual assault allegations @CNNPolitics
Keep up the good work! Ignore the haters and fake news. We are here for you! We WILL prevail, because we are AMERICA! #maga
Smoke and mirrors...

3 weeks. No power. #PRforgotten #PaperTowelsDontHelpPeople #MORONPOTUS#Deplorable
Get a round of Golf in please!
#shameontrump
Gordillo family love u
Is this what you consider working around the clock???  https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1620297788028440&id=100001447039735 …
He could go down as the best President in History!   http://jimiedwards.com . 444 RECORDS
Whatever happened to this pledge to help PR? Melania, why did you retweet it when he was lying? #fakenewsfromtrump
Hire me : https://goo.gl/WuzNW6 
my portfolio:http://rtahmin.com 
and everyone knows you’re lying and your 32% dont care as trump himself said during election.  shoot one of us on 5th ave! nice toilet mouth

We need to keep social security and Medicare AMEN
What LAPD, CAIR AND KAMALA HARRIS DID TO A TRUMP SUPPORTER AND GUN OWNER.
Both elected at the same time and neither of you have any governmental experience, both should have planned ahead.
It took you to long and u acted like an assin Puerto Rico. My 4 year old grandchild acts more mature than U!
Any lip-readers out there who could enlighten us as to what Trump said to Melania on the steps of the aircraft? #Trump #PuertoRico
We love you too Mr President.
Wow if these Libtards spent as much time as they Do Hating President Trump and Hating America..And Volunteered for a Local Church .Wow Great
QUIT BRAGGING about what you did & find out what People need & help them! U ACT like a little kid, who needs Attention!
Will you please stop making these nauseating propaganda videos. If you were a real President, you wouldn't need them.
When I say "My Administration"... it's code for white supremacist and russian swamp slime.
He was called for Trump to be charged for crimes against humanity for Puerto Rico.Was told it was too soon to say that. How about now

I’m sure the minute you’re wheels up that will the last time you even think of Puerto Rico.


if you are in the medical field of any kind a pharmacist a contractor a builder of any kind please help the ppl in p.r. this orange dgaf 
So funny you are all tiring reallyDonald Trump is your President,my President,our President,I'VE GOT AN IDEAFOLLOW SOMEONE YOU LIKE

Perverts and liars of #mi6 http://Mi5.gov.uk  #British #intelligence full of public school boy #sex  #Perverts  https://twitter.com/jenvey_glen/status/915823136297365504 … 
I am so happy to learn this Mr. President.  THANK YOU!  My family is there.
SMS ten puplicassao.. Grande por Kem kutir o perfil do grupo.. Fallo serio kutiu puplike 83999291201 contra as Guerra mundial por min
Facebook vendas de avioes no perfil.. @sobilionario2 wat sap.
@josemaranhaopb @HillaryClinton @GateMelinda @micheltelo @exxonmobil @ev @exercitooficial @AriaRockefeller
Puplicassao no palco deste link @CarmenAmoros @ivetesangalo @micheltelo @pinkfloyd @FloydMayweather @rockinrio  @sobilionario2 pronto
Puplicassao contra as Guerra mundial por min  &  #exercito mundial ja poder se puplica estate fixo p sempre dono do Twite @ev ver isso
#CarmenAmoros este SMS este pronto para palco... So aumentem bilionario e exercito mundial no perfil de vcs compra arma por cataratas
A TODOS A FOTO DO PERFIL ER UMA SOLITASAO DE APOIO AO GRUPO   ELE ER UM SEGUIDOR IMPORTANT PREFEITO DE ESPERANZA PB E #EMPRESSAS DE AVIOES.
Dear Trump thank you for being you but will never vote under this government
@LeninPR @ricardorossello if you’re not throwing paper towels to their faces I’m all for it
Hello Mr.Donald you know we love you.its so Nice of you visiting Puerto Rico.youre great.
why you so smart


Keep up the great job.
There going to Kill the mother of my kids
Love trump
Don’t forget promise made to the DREAMERS trying to hide it in other BS Americans at the brink of war all over the place.THX REX FOR HELP
#UniteAsOne
Thank you Mr. PRESIDENT, My Presidente!!
I stand with the San Juan Mayor and her assessment of your 'efforts'. What good do you think that roll of paper towels is going to do?
So little progress. Trump's Katrina.
Yea This is Helping @realDonaldTrump Should Be Impeached thrown out 4 NEGLECT OF DUTIES Ppl are DYING while #PussyGrabber Golfs
Of course ppl r going to fawn all over you. They need our help and they know how hungry your ego gets.
Ppl that have yet to receive water, food ..any help from anyone not even close man. You fked this up in s major way blood on your hands
3 people now have electricity.
You barely work at all except at golf and figuring out how to make money on your presidency.
Put some inmates to work.  That is what we do in South Dakota.
I am the liquor
That’s wonderful.  The island like others are in need of so many things.  Lots of bottled water will save so many.
The nasty, incompetent, & ungrateful San Juan mayor is becoming a huge
https://twitter.com/JCTheResistance/status/915711981578969088 … #maga #DontheCon
Just an FYI for everyone. 

Uh @realDonaldTrump just in case you missed this. 

…

#PresidentMoron
The entire world is counting on ur achivement as one of the caring president america has ever produce
Puerto Ricois suffering, Obama would have moved a thousand times faster on helping them
We  support  our Presidential Team!
I hope you didn't hit anyone in the head with that can of food... #ImpeachTrump #UnfitForOffice #LiarInChief #dictatorTrump
Something to wipe there bums with!!!   Bummer
Liberals are sick people
PLEASE RT.!! YOU WONT SEE THIS GOOD STUFF ON THE NIGHTLY NEWS!!!
It’s amazing how much you can learn while criticizing the leaders of PR, praising yourself, all the while throwing paper towels to people!
Unless they say something bad about you. You will turn on a dime. You always do. So predictable.
Who
You are a fraud.
You’re awful 
It's your deal
I love my President 
For or against. He is our President.  Like it or not.Let him help PR and stop the hate.Come next election, vote him out.4 now, let him work.
Pose hos you will but this is how I I'll remember you when your gone (hopefully soon)

Your penis is a peanut
Maybe? But we definitely know you won’t. You’ll be of either golfing or checking out your personal businesses that you’re supposed to have divested yourself from #Dotard #liarinchief #incompotus
All optics and little substance. You only went to PR because you were told you should go. You can’t think for yourself, sad.
Allo


By the way Katrina was also a Catagory 5 so stop insulting our intelligence and read a book. Study history
Melania has the BEST disaster-wear...  Maybe Ivanka should market it? Simpletons.
Toss a paper towel at these sweaty balls trump
Thank you, Mr. President. #MAGA #TrumpTrain #Wall #TaxCut #Repeal #ShutDownMuller
