
What about Puerto Rico? They are a part of America What more are we doing to help them?

The woman who thinks your husband is vile?  I’m sure you two will have a lot to talk about 
Brava
How about the islanders???
Thank you both for loving our country and doing your best to #MAGA. . @FLOTUS @SecondLady.
Now that’s funny!
Do you not have a life???, hating on the 1st and 2nd last is it for you?? Lol. Sad.
Snow flakes can't handle the truth !
And you can’t see it!
Need to provide it, first.
It’s in front of your face daily!! There is a Mad Man tweeting from the WH!!
You worry about you I'll worry about me & prez will do the heavy lifting,he is not a politician he is an older,very smart businessman!Not the usual prez & I like it that way
Isn’t @IvankaTrump the second lady?
Why not go to puerto rico...
Because they're being sent aid, but the governor is incompetent
Is that what they told you? 
Uhh, no. I've drawn my own conclusion. Most media outlets would argue otherwise. Also, doesn't it seem the least bit hypocritical to use that emoji when you're the one with the popular opinion?
Even if the governor was withholding it it would be Trump's administration's responsibility to make sure it was being distributed. Trump won't do that because the aid isn't being sent. 
I'm in PR right now. When will you arrive?
Trump has signed executive orders in relation to Puerto Rican aid. It is the Governor's incompetence that is preventing it from being distributed.
Also, FEMA is now telling people on the island that they don't qualify for funds even if their home was 100% destroyed. They have zero options to rebuild except out of pocket. Wonder why that is. 
What are ppl to do?
Probably because federal income is being wasted on frivolous spending
Maybe you and Second Lady can discuss your exit plan. Trumps a crook and Pence should go down with him.
Wow im in Texas Mrs First Lady ma'am

Jerusalem is .. RED LINE
It’s wonderful you’re going there but don’t you think Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands should be first. Those places are in need of help more than anywhere
Make sure you pack your rain heels
If that isnt the dummist stupidist thing oh yea you dems come up with the stupid stuff i forgot you have no sence of values morals or truth left hillary took it all

Lies made up by snowflakes and nut jobs .Oops I mean dems and bush.
Gulp that kool/aid glug glug glug it’s on tape. You should get a job on tRump’s legal team.

Mr President @realDonaldTrump  The American embassy must move to Jerusalem. We hope that you will do the right thing. The connection between Israel and the US has never been deeper! 







Send money to California for fire recovery. Don't come though, we don't want that mess, and we're all stocked on paper towels.
God bless you FLOTUS & God bless Texas 
And God save  

How did we end up with an accused child-molester as a possible senator? Roy Moore's story is even more f*cked up than you think. 
#God Bless both of you for all that you do #MAGA
Amen
Is the 1st First Lady Trump going on this noble journey with 2nd Lady Mother?
You really have to do something to improve his dismal political brand.  Right now he is the antithesis to your antibullying platform.  Your brand would go up if you left him. It would prove you are more than an illegal immigrant.
Great...thanks for letting us know. BTW, how's that anti cyber-bullying campaign going?
What's the latest progress report on Puerto Rican victims?  Do they have power and clean water yet?
What have you done?
What about Puerto Rico???
Ooo great! You gonna bring the stilettos? Oh and tell mama pence to leave her Instagram at home.(seems to be getting in the way of ACTUALLY working)
Why not head to PR?We really need help!Still 40% without power.Not to mention the rest of the disaster we have on the island!
Neither one of is welcomed!
Puerto Rico??? Your husband has let those people suffer horribly..
Stop wasting our money for your photo ops.
How about Puerto Rico?
  LOOKING FORWARD TO Y’LLS VIST. 
It is a blessing to get good support.
don't forget the designer heels and FLOTUS hat... maybe a nice boring SLOTUS hat for Mother
Dearest Madames Flotus and Second Lady , God bless you for all you do for the people of this country.
Girl bye. We don't need the fake optics
#PuertoRico says "Sup".
Jesus says “ Sup “
Dad? That u?

Please speak correct English... heading to Texas tomorrow..... not headed tomorrow... you First Lady 
Please go to Puerto Rico too!! It is great that you are keep engaged in the rebuilding process. Let’s leave no one behind. Best.
Headed to #Texas tomorrow with @SecondLady to continue support those affected by #HurricaneHarvey. We are with you every step of the way!https://goo.gl/ABvfSH 
Matthew 5:8
Blessed are the pure in heart, For they shall see God.
Hopefully she will keep her clothes on..her modeling photos are obscene and her husband is an adulterer who supports a child molester in Alabama. God is not pleased.
#WeLoveYouFLOTUS Thank you for all your doing to brighten the Christmas season
You’re
I'm having to retweet this post again and like it again something or someone keeps going on my Twitter and undoing my retweets for the first lady and the president and my likes I will continue to retweet and like them however many times I have to I wish this would stop

You are on Twitter fire
But not with California, I notice...as do at least a million California residents.
Nope...we’re good here. You can stay home. We got it covered. It’s started raining again. Plus it’s cold. We really should insist you stay indoors and in DC/NYC
thank your service to our country
Be sure to bring plenty of golf balls.
Awwww!!! How cute!!! What a great pic!!! Thx for sharing that! 
Here. Go crazy. #HOETUS

What about Puerto Rico? You don't stand with them? Hypocrisy at its best! #impeachtrump
Thank you, Texas is excited, happy, and proud to have our two beautiful both inside, and out 1st and 2nd ladies visiting us. Shine on!!! Winning!! MAGA!!!
Only 2 sexual partners in the last 7 1/2 to 8 years 4 nonreactive aids test pushin for a 5th

You need to go to Puerto Rico and bring more than paper towels.
They’re actually sending us water and food, in that visit they were only presenting the paper towels but there were flashlights, food supplies, etc. If you want I can tell you more of what actually happened there since I was present in it.
They certainly aren't making sure those supplies get to the people. My family in Caguas have not received a single bottle of water. Over 90 days after the hurricane. Still no electricity. I'm in Ponce where they've also not seen a single FEMA member or bottle of water.
That’s why people should stop criticizing trump and focus on the work we have to do and when everything back to normal then you could complain all you want, that’s why Yulin should sto going to DC and criticizing Trump all the time saying that people are dying of hunger
Ah. So don't report the truth. Got it. Until it's your family that's suffering, right?
People are literally dying due to the drinking water being contaminated with rodent urine. 
Are you drinking it? No. You're not. 
My family and I are. It's filtered or boiled...
Pero still el ir para DC y criticar no va arreglar las cosas. Tenemos que venir y unirnos poniendo nuestro estado politico de que si pnp o popular aparte y unirnos y trabajar juntos y arreglar las cosas NOSOTROS porque ya se sabe que nadie mas lo va hacer. Y asi deberdad...
Puerto Rico se levantara y estara unido y empujara pa lante. Pero no podemos dejor que la política nos divida especialmente en estos tiempos es mas en ningunos tiempos pero tu me entiendes. Asi que por eso digo tumbemos la pelea y hagamoslo porque juntos se puede
I agree with everything except the political part. This is political. Are you telling me Trump would let us suffer if we were all white people?
No. No he wouldn't. He didn't even know where Puerto Rico was!
Don't forget to wear your disaster high heels and merchandise for sale on Trump's website.
Um she can wear what ever she wants shes a fantastic dresser .Dont be jelly. maybe if you get a job you can buy shoes too!
Yeah great. Now do the same for Puerto Rico.
I wonder how theocrat @SecondLady feels about traveling with porn model @FLOTUS https://www.google.com/search?q=melania+porn&client=safari&hl=en-us&prmd=vin&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiwkrSm2_PXAhXBdN8KHYlnC8IQ_AUIEigC&biw=375&bih=553 …
That's probably the real reason they aren't heading here to Puerto Rico or the USVI! Second Lady is afraid first lady would put on a bikini!
And she would look incredible too. Much better than you at half her age right honky ass?
She would definitely look better than me. I haven't spent millions of dollars trying to pretend I'm younger and hotter than I am. I'm more than happy with aging. I'm happy with my body and I'm happy with my life. 
I wasn't taking a dig at FLOTUS. I was commenting about Pence.
I will  give congrats to you and Pence when you really do something. Go to Puerto Rico. Needs are greater.
Have you done anything to help Puerto Rico @jacqueonthebay?
3.5 Billion $ was not enough for them. When offer they didn't take the help
FEMA is nice on the phone. But then nothing happens. Sad in Texas
Imagine how us in Puerto Rico are faring. 90 days no electricity or safe water.
I don't have a roof and it's raining. We are all suffering.
Flying into San Juan and seeing the landscape full of blue tarps was heartbreaking. Too bad FEMA can't do their jobs.
Thank you, First Lady, for helping our country so much!  Thank you also to Second Lady!  And thank you to our Wonderful President!!!  And to our wonderful VP!  Our country is so blessed!
How about if all of you go to Puerto Rico where there are still over 1 Million Americans without reliable clean water and power more than 12 weeks after the hurricane.
There are 3.6 million without clean water as 100% of the island still has to boil or filter the water. I'm in Ponce right now and while our area is better than some, it's nowhere near where it should be. 
It's a shame that everyone seems to have forgotten that PRs are Americans.
(he was your husband)

@funder
Trump called Jessica Drake in 2006 & invited her to dinner. When she said no, he asked, “What do u want? How much?” She received a 2nd call offering her $10K & the use of Trump’s private jet if she agreed to sleep with him.
Do your best to touch lives,not just your fiscal presence,safe trip.
May God Bless and comfort those hit by Harvey.  And may He Bless the both of you as well 

can't believe you stay with him...makes you a fool!


FLOTUS IS FIRST RATE IN BRINGING CLASS TO THE WHITE HOUSE ADMINISTRATION. SHE’S LIKE JACKIE O. !
Hurry Mueller hurry!!!
Bless you two 

Why aren’t you and @potus with Puerto Rico too?   Majority still lack power.   Tell lazy @POTUS to do his job!
But what about Puerto Rico? They speak more Spanish there but it's still America, fyi.
That’s very nice Lady Melania.
What about Puertorico... Texas Is at least livable. PuertoRico has nothing how about putting help where it is needed Please
Puerto Rico is also part of the U.S. Barbi flotus
WE LOVE YOU!!! YOU'RE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL AND CLASSY FLOTUS IN THE U.S.A's HISTORY!! GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY.
Don't give us that crap! We're STILL homeless because FEMA did NOTHING! We don't want none of you pathetic trumpets here!
Melania, I want to thank you for your work. There is a bully in my home remotely. That heckler
With @fema employees who won't get paid for their work by your "husband"?
I am with you two all the way.  You are so beautiful and so poised.
Love our FLOTUS, you represent us all so well.  Thank you for being so gracious.
It's best for all  concerned to call VP wife exactly that or else Mrs.  Pence. She doesn't get a title; nor does any other government official wife except POTUS.
BIG THANK YOU FROM ALL US TEXANS !!! I did everything I could to keep the water from coming into our home (I dug ditches to flow flood rain water away from my home) but my daughter and her family were flooded out of there apartment... It was unbelievable how much rain poured...
Thank you Melania, you are awesome!! & Beautiful!!! #MAGA
maga
Fantastic! Two amazing women who are doing amazing things! PROUD of them!
Go back on you own to Puerto Rico, they really can use some bolstering of Spirits in the dark right now.
and when are you going to do the same for Puerto Rico bitch?
X :/__*: x * ,xmbn,  m 

b.  ZxZ    
,  ,

 ,zzzxn 

N 
   ,xxb,x n

,   
 
x 
 
zzx.   
,,zzx. 

,z 
    
   ,x,zz.
Thank you from a Houstonian
Have you heard of Puerto Rico?
Wait, I thought you were the second lady.  Well, at least according to Trump's first wife anyway.
Why not Puerto Rico?
Hope to see you
What about Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands??? They can't vote, so f**k 'em?
Why not go to Puerto Rico? Or that's right, you are just like your husband, they are not white enough for you.
Why don't u deal with your bully sexual predator husband? #TrumpIsNOTAboveTheLaw #PredatorInChief
Puerto Rican’s are tax paying Americans.  Go there!  #slotus
Outstanding! Any chance you two can make your way to #PuertoRico? 

Remember, these are also US citizens...no less valuable than Texas, Florida, or any others with the contiguous 48 states.
La conoscenza è avere la risposta giusta. L’intelligenza è avere la domanda giusta.
Un #Presidente ha sempre giuste domande!
E cambiare idea su Decisioni Estere Difficili è sinonimo di #Grande_Intelligenza! Buon Lavoro #Presidente_Trump! 
Welcome to Texas FLOTUS. We love y'all so much! You would look great in some beautiful cowboy boots.
Thank you for mentioning this.  I have not seen any updates in the press and have been wondering how they are doing.
PR needs more help , but since they're not white I get it! #youreracist
VERY HAPPY YOUR’RE GOING TO TEXAS MY BROTHER LIVES THERE IN KATY...THANK GOD THEY ARE OK!  BUT I AM DELIGHTED TO SEE THAT NOW DURING CHRISTMAS THERE WILL BE SOME TEARS BUT YOU BOTH WILL BE THERE TO OFFER KINDNESS, and SUPPORT! THANK YOU
Did she have to board Pence so he would control his urges while she was gone?
hi
And what about Puerto Rico? Are you with them? Or just the Conservative white people?
welcome!
The best first lady we have ever had! Class and caring all the way!
Don’t forget proper shoes @FLOTUS 
You are very unfortunately a Bump on the log for the USA!
You’ll unfortunately go down in History as an unknown VP of the USA! Trump chose you because you’re a genetic DAAA ! A statue sitting in the background waving his head up & down like dashboard ornament! How embarrassing!
You didn't write this.
The weather is going to be bad and cold tomorrow, but be good the next day, maybe you two should delay it a day.
I like lamp
Love
How about getting your bulling sexual predator of s husband under control while your at it?
To answer the burning question...let them be a full fledged state that's what about PR
And what about Puerto Rico or are there no votes in it?
Always do the right thing and be compassionate for others and we need to be concerned  others well-being and I think you as a first lady are a Class Act thank you
Puerto Rico..............stop being heartless like your a$$hat husband.
What about our Puerto Rico citizens?
Have a very safe & nice trip. 
Thanks for all you do.
So lovely 
Texas loves @FLOTUS #GodBlessTexas
Is there more gold to dig in Texas?
Way to go!
@XRIM@leggioluciano Very good ok.
Stay home... Texas does not need u...
Dear FLOTUS, please tell to POTUS that Jerusalem must NOT be the recognized capital of Israel. We know he is terribly stubborn but I think you have an influence on him...do it for the sake of the world)))
Houston is doing much better and has a ton of support. You are going with mother for the photo op. Head to Puerto Rico if you want to help.
#MAGA  Merry Christmas !!!  
TrumpTrain2020.  
God bless the USA. 
Thank you.
Rockport is still in dire straits. So much money in aid and donations but the people who's homes were completely destroyed aren't being helped.
Photo op @fema has done little to nothing people living in tents  etc; #MakingAmericaStupidAgain  Mueller keep up the great work now that is #MAGA 
Thank you and may God continue to bless you and the Second Lady in all you do.
Hahaha, what a joke, go back to ned Mrs. Robot! #impeachTheDumps
What about Puerto Rico??????!???
Tell teh people exactly how are you helping by just showing your faces for a PR event they need money and real help not more GOP PR
You all no for everyone of you spouting off about PR go there yourself and help if want it so bad. We sent supplies and the dems down there just gave it there friends so how many dems are going anywhere??? PR is a Territory. not a State. The dems down there only help there own
Hope you will come to Beaumont, Texas
Happy to have you here!
They need more help. Thank you for checking in. Please try and make a difference.
Bring money, not hollow promises.
What a bazaar mix!  A hooker and a goody two shoes
Can you at least go back to Puerto Rico to throw useless items at them, though?
U gonna go in stilettos again?
Interesting travel companions; the nun and the harlot
Thank you for caring stay safe
Thank you for visiting and showing your interest and support. So proud of you ladies and the efforts you are making to heal our country
What a complete waste of our money. What it costs to and you both there is pathetic. If you want to help add the cost of what it would be for your trip including security and just give it to them!  That is helping not your ridiculous presence
What about #PR
I know Texans need help but shame on you about Puerto Rico!
Wonderful!
Thank you
That's nice and thoughtful.  Hopefully you also visit other areas hit this past summer.
How exactly will you be supporting them?
Our roads & Highway in Katy, Texas HURRICANE HARVEY
What about Puerto Rico?
That’s great they need all the help they can get!!
Planes fly daily, quit being so negative and go to Puerto Rico and volunteer. FYI 1st and 2nd Lady have been there.
How about Puerto Rico???
So many American citizens asking you to go to Puerto Rico rather than Texas. Doesn't that send you a strong message?
God bless you ma'am.
