So proud of our #FLOTUS
When 9/11 happened in her own neighborhood, did she descend from her golden tower & help?

She literally did nothing.
Charisma is a #Resistance clown! Move it along, you’re late for your next circus show. 
Calling me names doesn't change facts, dear.

#Melania has literally never done one thing in service to her own community.

Shallow & empty.
First off, you named yourself. Second of all, she has donated millions to charities before & after the presidency. What have you done?
Nope.
I don’t click on links 
I'm sure you don't.

When was the last time you read a book?
Gave me chills. Very moving.  God bless @FLOTUS !
That's a person who's never lifted a finger for others, an entire life devoted to herself & her appearance 
No service to others whatsoever.
Really?!?! Self made entrepreneur, accomplished business woman, speaks five languages fluently. Typical Lib talking out your ass!
Really?

What does she sell?
Her entire life, including this sham marriage, had been about capitalizing on her looks.

Now she's a pathetic plastic surgery addict.
Oooo, jealously oozes out of every orifice you have! She is beautiful isn’t she!?!?
She's plastic, hard & scary looking.
Stunningly gorgeous! I’ll bet you dream about being this pretty.
When 9/11 happened in her own neighborhood, did she descend from her golden tower & help?

She literally did nothing.
Are you serious? How do you know what she did and what was she supposed to do in the first place? We all were shocked and hurt by that
Didn't even attend a single fireman's funeral just blocks from her home.

Not one.
How many you attend?
Here's what a real patriotic American looks like
There are millions of true American patriots while you hide behind social media spreading hate and criticizing public servants
Maybe you missed it.

Melania Trump has never in her life been a public servant.

She is a shallow, empty plastic surgery addict.
I guess being married to the Chief Cyber-bully, she's given up her original cause.
MSM can't take cyber-bullying, mmmm the press these days are such snowflakes.
So cyber-bullying is OK with you? "Don't tolerate name calling.No snowflakes." and yet you do. #hypocrite
The @POTUS has not cyberbullied anyone.  To be bullied, you have to be a victim or vulnerable,  The MSM is hardly vulnerable or a victim.
I guess you don't read his tweets. Quit reading @BreitbartNews
Quit reading trumps tweets if your so sensitive
Sensitivity has nothing to do with it. 45* is abusing the office of the presidency and it is our constitutional right to call him out on it. #Resist
You we’re whining about cyber bullying ,
Is why I suggested for you to quit reading his tweets if you’re that sensitive ,
If u hav evidence of abuse of power ,you should turn it over and become a lib hero

Gender disforia huh CHARLI
She has done nothing. Zero.  What has she done? Give a meaningless, empty speech. Action speaks louder than words.
Beautiful speech

Shitler's an "epidemic" of hate in our already Great Country. Melania should focus on this b4 addressing anything else...
Had to block the Lie lie lie account.   NO CURE FOR TRUMPISM
Exactly! I said this during Shitler's campaign! He's blatantly telling us what he's doing like the election being hacked!
You're an easy block then! Because I block all Traitors & I don't like blood on ppl's hands unless they r helping someone...
I am so proud of our FLOTUS!

#BrokenPromise no funding for opioid addicts for treatment or prevention.  #Sad
How is that a lie?
I bet ya husband LOVES your accent  #sexymama
Bravo.
Where Are there any Decent Rehab Centers???????? One that will allow you to be treated for Dual Diagnosis. That an addict can get in Without Insurance or a Rich Family
WTF does she know about Opioid addiction? Ridiculous!!!!!
For hating immigrants, trump lovers sure give a pass to the foreigner in the WH.
We dont hate immigrants...just illegal ones and want immigrants to be better vetted, as FBI had said our vetting process was not good enough
Many Americans have no clue how much getting Visas to come to US costs especially when many dont have jobs that pay enough to do so or are running for their lives. Seems its too hard putting yourself in some else's shoes bec living in a home gorging your face while watching TV.
So I guess we should just open our borders..and when do..we become that 3rd world country

yes you are and name calling shows your maturity level
Medical Marihuana is 100% effectively treats opioid addicted individuals and has zero over doses in history, no damage to vital organs and is 100% natural.  I've seen patients whom moved on to receive master degrees despite past addictive history by using #MedicalMarijuana.
How about you and Donnie taking on the pharma companies and doctors responsible for recklessly pushing opioids? Cause and effect, Melania.
You're redirecting by pointing fingers at someone else--just as Grump does. We're in the here & now. What "Multi-Million Dollars"? Evidence!
someone or something keeps undoing my retweets on the first ladies Twitter account and all of my likes I'm having to go back and retweet Andre like everything all the time I don't know who or what you doing it but it is really frustrating
Can you please quit retweeting all of last years tweets? Getting annoying.
It took you a year....?
@realDonaldTrump has done too little...a collosal failure.
No thank You!
#TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown
Then why is your husband and his administration stopping programs addressing addiction, dearie? Your words are hollow. Sessions just wants to jail everyone. How about those of us with chronic pain? We are falling thru the slats, too. Your words mean zero.
Get ready to not having pain meds prescribed by your MD even after surgery.

Love you great job speaking you are the best 
A FLOTUS who cares.  The US is blessed to have her.
Presidents often talk about addiction; only this one has the courage to bomb the CIA opium processing facilities of the CIA!
I am so honored to have you sa the First Lady. God bless you & your husband President Donald Trump
WOW.....and so wonderful God bless you.
Melanie.. my daughter has decided to become a nurse, today she saw her 1st overdose victim while running with her eMT class- he was 21-& was Dead-my daughter grew up fast. According to my EMT nephew, he sees  this 2x every run. Please do something fast!
Did anybody besides me notice that the lady in uniform behind them NEVER CLAPPED or smiled when our great @potus or @flotus spoke??I would http://def.talk  to her!
I believe the more the public is educated about opioid abuse there will be an increase in admissions to substance abuse recovery programs.  So if you are struggling get help so 2018 will be a year of celebrating the new clean & sober you!!  You can do it!
What recovery programs ? Who can afford them !?
Great platform helping those who are addicted to drugs.
I agree that there is an opioid epidemic & appreciate your work. But as I sit in a large cancer/hematology center, I look around at these patients who are suffering and wonder what they are suppose to do for their pain?
Exactly.....  expect the suicide rate to increase.
Don't tell that to your husband
Thank you!!!! I live Missoula Montana and and our community needs help.. more accesible recovery centers. We all need to be open to communicating on this issue. It seems people are so disconnected and are afraid to talk about addiction. Thank you for speaking up...
Thank you for fighting. My son struggles with addiction daily. And so many are fighting. Please, make it more possible for their success to win the fight.
THE GOVERNMENT NEEDS TO HELP WITH ADDICTION CENTERS NOT JUST TALK ABOUT THE EPIDEMIC. PEOPLE ARE BEGGING FOR HELP. WITH NO MONEY NO DECENT REHABS
HIPÓCRITA
Only in new York
Illegal immigrant
Are true chronic pain patients going to be addressed and not disrespect as if we are "junkies"? I have had to go w/o my medication for more than 2 weeks in withdrawal due to time consuming regulations for approval of meds I've taken for 15 years! I feel like I'm being punished!
Chronic pain patients will soon be without the medication they need. This administration wants to kill us all off, one way or another.
Incredible, speech by a woman who loves people.
Can anyone recognize there are pple w/chronic pain that require Opioid to live & are not addicts this crisis affects us (-)
Good point, they’re trying to call us drug addicts too. When you live with chronic pain it’s the only thing that gives you any quality of life.

thank you....it is a major issue.  Thank you for fighting for and supporting the addicts, their families and children
Meus parabéns, pelo discurso, postura e personalidade.
Have you researched/Vetted Melania for possibly being a Russian asset? Speaks multiple languages,here working illegally until a "chance" meeting with DJT? With the Russia conspiracy I'm curiously suspicious of them ALL now.
You need to get a life.

She didn't speak English slang language
Amen
Thank you!!
Melania is fabulously beautiful woman. It is a pleasure to look at Melania.
America needs to be more educated on addiction. So proud of the FLOTUS for stepping up and having this convo. She has a good heart!
My GOODNESS, Mr. @POTUS .... you are the luckiest man alive! #MAGA
Wow Melania spoke so well ! Can't hardly hear any accent at all, not that I mind an accent.  She is doing such a great job & we are so proud of our First Lady !  She's doing more then any other First Lady ever did ! Melania is wonderful !
Beautifully said.
Absolutely beautiful speech. Keep up to good work Mrs.Trump @FLOTUS
Empathetic and articulate. Well done 
And God bless and keep you safe dear First Lady Melania...we love you!!
What a Beautiful and Talented Lady...
Please don’t forget the people suffering from chronic pain in this crisis frenzy. Chronic pain patients are now pain refugees. Pain comes without planning or notice. No one wants it. People are dying from losing medications
They are also committing suicide because doctors won’t prescribe them anymore.
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @GENUG Magnificent Melania speech was right on target. No prompter, no memo for guidance, it was dedication to help fellow human being.
Simply said, it was an act of courage
Nice
جوانە

@FLOTUS@#bless you & US of America, once again 2b cum more secure, prosper much earlier,. LIVE LONG but think the rest WORLD
I have a metal rod In my back and a tone of issues.  The first thing I’m prescribed is opioids so I don’t go to the Dr!
Fox Fake News!
you are beautiful
Just empty rhetoric from the morally, ethically bankrupt trump Klan

Cut funding for rehab

No money to help fight crisis

Need war on users
That some people are resorting to as well as heroin bcuz of being abandoned by paranoid docs afraid to lose their licenses..
And the street drugs have Fentanyl in the heroin and people are dying.
It’s fentanyl they’re getting from China that is not fda approved and it’s extremely potent and made with who knows what..
Our government just threw out the baby with the bath water. They hate Americans now. But they LOVE THE RICH AMERICANS AND JUST GAVE THEM THE MOON!!
Seriously it’s sickening especially when they act like they care..double slap in the face..they obviously aren’t paying attention to who they hurt unless it’s something they can take to give to themselves in some form even if it’s just attention or to try to look like saviors
It needs to be made very clear who is dying and from what exactly..it should not all be clumped together with deaths from illegal fentanyl
Also if someone was willing to look at the number of deaths caused by otc nsaids they would be quite shocked to know they kill more people
Yet no one mentions this and much of it is unreported due to the stigma of suicide
Also,sadly chronic pain patients who responsibly take their medicine are suffering needlessly and suicide rates have doubled as a result
Absolutely true. My meds have been cut back even though I’m having more pain.
Same here..I was given Nortriptyline that is helping with my pain and depression as well but the side effects are scary to say the least and it took me over two years to even get a pain management referral and they’re so booked up I run out from mistakes being made and it’s awful
Having seizures racing heart when I lay down and involuntary limb movements
What an inspiring speech! Thank you!

We will never forget this person was elected POTUS. Ate we surprised that the country has gone to he'll in a hen basket Why isn't he in jail
Yesss
@FLOTUS you did a really good job in your speech. You are truely a heart felt person.
Like your husband's twitter addiction? U want to deal with opioids then  do  your cartel homework, you'll realize how hard it is to stop.
Sounds "heroic" battling opioids but if u really want to get at the root of the problem the cartels are the ones, donnie says NOTHING abt it
It's clear now that @realDonaldTrump is forcing his entire family to watch #fakenews @FoxNews @foxandfriends dictatorship starts from home
Your English, although recently more polished, is still pretty terrible. Your husband is an impotent monster. Oh and a draft dodger! #trash
Answr 2 Opioids! Watch NOW as experts reveal how THIS miracle plant is beating disease! https://thesacredplant.com/docuseries/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=SocialWarfare … via @The_SacredPlant
I have a hard time understanding what she is saying.
I admire @MELANIATRUMP & Potus because they truly love #America.So refreshing 2 watch them & those greeting them.#MAGA..@foxnews @CNN @ABC
Too bad his solution is "it's as easy as just not taking the pills just don't take them". He's made major cuts to programs that help ppl!
“The Bridge,” successful way to assist #heroin #detox #addiction http://youtu.be/Z1nq2DVRPgs  cc @jcavstl1030
God bless you & your family #FLOTUS45 & #POTUS45!
A truly fabulously beautiful First Lady! Welcome to Hawaii  to our First Family! 
We need a war on drug cartels in Mexico and south America and middle East and China this is war bye destroying our next generation they win
Thank the drug companies and crooked politicians for enabling also lack of border security and nwo open borders it's time to stop it
The  more u fight this  the more the cartels  will deliver drugs NOT going  over the border. Wall is a joke. They use jets/boats.

And #DonnieDotard doesn't even play an instrument.
It's just a prop for his 3rd trophy wife.
Bad guys will always be able to find their drug of choice. Legit patients are the ones being harmed the most /end
Make sure that legislation doesn’t make life harder for those in chronic pain. The folks who obtain opioids illegally are the problem. /7
Illegal users of opioids obtained illegally. Yes, people with legal Rxs, following doc’s orders have died, but that number is pretty low /6
I wish they would break down the overdoses from opioids into patients with a legal prescription who were taking the pills as ordered and /4
Big Pharma lied about the safety of OxyContin and that 1 pill would last 12 hours. They heavily marketed them with more lies. /3
They end up treated as if all they want are pills to sell or otherwise abuse. Do some do that? Sure, but that’s not new. /2
Do you know what happens to the patients who require legally prescribed opioids in order to get their pain down to manageable levels? /1
Thank You Melanie, our best first lady of U.S.A. God bless you and Donald and United States of America now till forever
poor Kim, marking cheese for
undignanbaries, remarkable, shooting
off flares, knowing the a. U.N. IS WATCHING,  cheese machine,
for protien
She's just so cute. Wonderful message and wonderful cause.
Love you Melania
Impressive @FLOTUS
A job well done by .@FLOTUS. Thank you for caring about this issue. I wish you & @POTUS much success in ending this crisis, sparing families

#unhackthevote

BOOM!
More than 250 Trump Organization Subdomains are in Communication…
Good job
@PattyMurray was given hard evidence of fraud in Wa state by #pinnicalpaincenter.  The problem is #painclinics and Insurace company’s scam
Make #cannabis legal ! I work with sick people that have gotten off all pain pills. There’s also many who really need them.  My past pain
So beautiful so proud of our First Lady!!
Thank God for you
This is good
Why doesn’t anyone focus on the good.  He is doing.
No funds from POTUS! Leave him.  The nation will support your decision.  We know his character.  You will be welcomed with open arms world

This is the first time I've heard FLOTUS. How many times has Donald been married?
Three and committed adultery each time. Where are the ministers that preach against such behavior. Too busy doing the same thing themselves
Are you worried about your job being outsourced to a robot?
Melanie you did a fine job. Your compassion is wonderful. Thank you for helping these desperate Americans.
Geez, are you kidding me? I’m gagging on the treacle you’re spewing out...
Taliban ban on opium poppy and Iraq food for oil scandal is why the Twin Towers appeasement for war was needed. After Mena airport no choice
Beautiful.
...
Well said.  Thank you!
No, thank you. I’ve heard this one before.
If Pres cared he would not wAnt drug czar who won't let DEA bust drug co sending millions of opioids to towns of thousands. Why LIE ??
Melania advise black jimmy Choo high heels and a black dress red lipstick and a glass of champagne for the photos as they drag him away.
I don't like her voice and eye.
Addiction is mostly mental.....deal with it!
Your speech was fantastic -- you knocked it out the ballpark, Missus! Well done!
Soooooo...... how is your weekend going?
What makes you an expert?  Botox and Voluma?
So grateful to our President and First Lady for your efforts to make America great again. Thank you 
Is that Mo behind @FLOTUS and @realDonaldTrump
Opioid additional why would try do that for because he wants stick people two die that's it
And see I don't get why would some body put Hillary Clinton sit up two desory Iran why would she do that for it was the Democratic dnc I bet

Outstanding!
My little brother is 9 months sober from a 20 addiction. Thanks to some of the government programs who have helped him!
You and the president are the worst orators that have ever been known to the presidency..... this speech is  brutal- just awful

