You should ask hubby if you can go to the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico to see how things are coming along. Then you'd be amazed at what a poor job your hubby has done for them....
Hard to feel sorry for P.R. When they are giving 100 million out in bonuses to their top government officials and asking for 90 million to repair the island...
Remember facts don’t matter to Progressives or Liberals, it just clouds their narrative. You have to pretend the sky is falling every 2 seconds and turn off commons sense and reason, then you can fully appreciate the mindset.
Tell that to those without power and drinking water...I'm sure they'll cheer up
Yeah well if their political leaders will quite stealing the monies being sent over for assistance the process will happen much faster.
And this is documented where...? Sources please

The people will now have the backing of our country to see their officials aren’t getting away with the corruption anymore

.@POTUS #TRUMP & @FLOTUS

When ALL seemed HOPELESS...YOU brought…
We LOVE You Melania! #MAGA
#MerryChristmas #MAGA
#MAGA #Trump2020
@FLOTUS - You have beauty, class, intelligence, and poise. You are amazing! I detest the fact that you are always being criticized! It's not right and I absolutely feel for you, as I do with the rest of your family. Hang in there
Oh I think it’s fair to say that all women feel for  her . Imagine being married to a racist.
It's the Snowflakes catch-all phrase "rascism". Brave way to shut the conversation down. It takes a lot of intellect to form that response. Congratulations 
Thanks for all of your hard work for those in need First Lady. 
Hard work is not flying in on luxury plane in leggings and boots and touring around in a motorcade.
Why is it that bitter old hags are so obvious with their jealousy of beautiful classy women?
Your bitter jealousy really shows. Is it her perfect figure? Long legs? Models face? Hair? Or is it her wonderful compassion, intelligence & ability to speak five laguages? Maybe it's just that she disagrees with your Marxist politics because she grew up under that failed system.
She took naked photos in 2001, do the math...not an adolescent.

Trump rolls back use of fines against nursing homes cited for neglect, mistreatment http://hill.cm/o2E4T0Q  
Are u going to Puerto Rico next? They are still starving and without electricity.  I can't imagine u living that way!
Heather nothing is stopping you from going down to help PR.
And PUERTO RICO?????????
Lame bitchs

Nice job@. Please tell DONALD.to sue Chanal#2@4.thay go to far

Investigators are in Hawaii mean Slovenia checking on rumor that Melania used to be high end escort. Can't believe what finding!
Love and appreciate you @FLOTUS and @SecondLady . Thank you both FOR YOUR KINDNESS & COMPASSION!!!!!  #MAGA.
Now go to Puerto Rico to see how your husband bungled that rebuilding after the hurricanes
Your the best!
Just how cold was it in CC today that you need a parka..inside? 
Bev-its a Thursday and I do not have the time or the inclination to deal with people as yourself who cannot read, nor comprehend a tweet, so fuck off. Also, most normal people who go indoors and stay for a period of time, not just a photo, remove their outerwear.
Thank you for coming @FLOTUS and @SecondLady .
You dirty ho
THANK YOU FOR BRINGING CLASS BACK TO THE WHITE HOUSE ! MERRY CHRISTMAS 
She needs to bring a class like English 101 .
YOU HAVE A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND ALWAYS REMEMBER THAT YOU WILL STAND BEFORE THELORD GOD ALMIGHTY AND BE JUDGED !   MAGA
Did you actually write this or did you plagiarize your Tweet?
Mail order Russian bride.
Apparently you don’t know her nationality of origin—she’s from Slovenia. But I guess to a liberal all of Eastern Europe is Russian. Learn geography.

Beautiful 
I can't help but note you've not gone to Puerto Rico...

Thank you for representing our country with compassion, empathy, warmth and grace.  Thank you.  Thank you. Thank you.  :)
God bless our beautiful First Lady!
Your welcome! And thank you for all you do and doing it with class.


Hahaha
I have no issue with the sentiment but there is no way that FLOTUS wrote this text - she does not speak like this
Just because she speaks with an accent does not mean she thinks with one.  I work for a Ver@an company where the owners speak several languages and speak with accents but write very differently than they speak.  Do t be so quick to judge
I wasn’t judging her at all
Thank you Melania for all you are doing. There are so many who appreciate your style and grace. Your beauty is inside and out. May God bless you and President Trump and the rest of your wonderful family.
@POTUS @IvankaTrump @JaredKusher @VP Thanks for all your hard work in Puerto Rico. Oops I forgot their was none!
WE  you, Melania!
Melania/Proud of F Lady
Wonder how many times Melania Trump changed clothes today???? The rock she has on her finger could pay for about 100 people to rebuild their houses. #melaniaoutoftouch
Sweetie-I am not jealous - just honest
I believe this woman could be a great leader, her patience is tested with her husband
Dear first lady and mr. President someone or something keeps on undoing all of my retweets and likes on your Twitter account and mine I don't know who or what is doing this but it's very frustrating I have to keep on retweeting and liking everything I already did over again
Thank you, First Lady. We appreciate it more than we can ever say. Texans, are nice. Yes, they are. #MAGA #TexasProud
Thank you First Lady & God Bless You
What about Puerto Rico? I don't think they are appreciative of what little you have done!
Merry Christmas to you and your wonderful family we owe the greatest debt of gratitude
Best First Lady since Jacqueline!!!  History may prove best ever!!
姐姐好！贵姓啊！

Hi madam
7 Reforms After Trump 1. Repeal Shelby v Holder 2. Repeal Citizens United 3. Abolish electoral college 4. Apply anti-nepotism law to White House 5. POTUS candidates must release tax returns 6. Presidents may not self-pardon 7. Special counsel has power to indict president
Well being from India, you probably have no clue, but you can't abolish the Electoral College.  It's in our Constitution.  There are Anti-Nepotism laws in the White House, that's why he couldn't put his children or son-in-law in higher positions.  Wake up and mind your country
☆AMAZING☆ job! Mrs. Melania Trump!
I am proud to have you as the First Lady of The United States. You're doing Great!

@LenaLubrano. All have sinned and fall short of the Glory of God. Jesus earned the right to sit on the throne of Judgement, yet he chooses to Love and Forgive. Jesus also said "whatever we measure out will be measured unto us." I am proud of Her.
Melania your husbands decision to more the embassy to Jerusalem will cause the death of thousands of innocent people. If there is any humanity left in you  do something!
Looks happy when trumps not around @MetroUK @EveningStandard @TheSun

WE DON'T WANT TRUMP'S HERE. #SayNotoPORN
Dont be rude. Instead why dont you assist us to #MAGA Or help to #LockHerUp Or maybe support other women by supporting our fist female POTUS #IVANKA2024

Unlike you most of us are friendly with anyone that treats us the same. I even have a libtard friend AND hes black! So there!
Thank you #Texas! So enjoyed my visit with everyone today. Special thanks to 1st responders & @CoastalBendFB for all that you do! We are with you Texas.
Thank you FLOTUS! So proud of you!  Keep up the great work!
You're sick
1st Lady has a big heart.
Is it possible for You Mum to visit me as an African in Uganda......
The End
What a degenerate u are for posting this pic!
Psalm 46:10
Be still, and know that I am God; I will be exalted among the nations, I will be exalted in the earth!
#Jesus our #Christ  #RedeemerLives #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus #Saves   #FollowJesus #OneNationUnderGOD
#GOD protect our #Nation  #JesusLoves #OneNationUnderGOD
Romans 13:5-7
Therefore you must be subject, not only because of wrath but also for conscience’ sake. For because of this you also pay taxes, for they are God’s ministers attending continually to this very thing. Render therefore to all their due: taxes to whom [1/2]
We dropped nuclear bombs on Japan 7 years later we were dropping over 500,000 tons of bombs on Korea and then soon after that Vietnam Laos Cambodia Kuwait Iraq Afghanistan Libya Syria South Sudan Somalia Pakistan Yemen there's too many countries we have bombed to list them all.
God does not support this. If you believe otherwise you are deceived by the Evil One.
@DonnaWR8 @CoastalBendFB @realDonaldTrump 

You're a class act, please don't ever change a thing!!
Show us your pic prior to boob job @FLOTUS
Melani Trump I love you. God bless you and your family.... Your husband is my hero
Cute... ho ho ho ..... love dogs.
Melania wouldn't lift a finger to tweet this. Stop it.
I’m sure your visit to Puerto Rico will be great too!
PR just gave OVER 100 Million dollars in Christmas bonuses to their government employees after asking for recovery relief funds ... total corruption ... how do you feel about that???
She should have stopped by the Rockport Relief Camp where people have been living out of tents and Samantha Schaal McCrary has helped thousands of residents with donations of food, cleaning supplies, everything essential to help us reboot our households.
Made you look at my profile!  That speaks volumes about you.  Go see a shrink, pronto.
Yep, to see what a crazy bag looked like. Now can add stupid.
@POTUS @CoastalBendFB hey what happened with #donnies 1-million dollar pledge, oh & what about his 9/11 NYC pledge?
And who did you sell ur soul tooooo? Move on ,ur melting fast....hell is HOT
Thank you! Best First Lady ever!
Whatever- go back to trump tower
Your a wonderful First Lady
You can tell the @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP loves children and our nation needs this too.  Such a good mom and you extend that love to others. Thank you.
Did Hope Hicks cut your hair while you were sleeping? She cut your bangs too short!
Ginny let’s not criticize that poor woman for the only thing that she does well , looking good. :)
Which is something you can't do.
Why don't you come to Wisconsin?
Wow why don't you go bow down to the CROOKED DEMS.
Wow! Why don't you stop watching Fox News? Stop bowing down to all the lies 45 has told you!
GMAB LADY.  If you think he lied and you follow Hillary....you are losing it.
How do you do it?  I feel for you
Absolutely Precious.  #MAGA
Thank you @FLOTUS you make us proud...
We love you First Lady, God bless you and our President.
Love you! Thanks for being the best First Lady. Merry Christmas 
Keep up the good work - best First Lady ever!
you bitch, i made this song
https://soundcloud.com/christian-pacificar/mashie-troublehead-boubleheadprod-clyad …
You put a lot of cheer in their hearts and that was awesome 
God Bless you all
Melania we the SOUTHERN PEOPLE LOVE MR TRUMP and U,MAGA.
ROY MOORE is not a CROOKED HILLARY'S IS AND SO IS D DEMS,MAGA.
Is she transgender or just an ugly plastic surgery gone wrong?
Excellent @FLOTUS meeting with ppl

Stay the course
Good morning  Melania, Love  you Sweetheart. God Bless You. Tell your other half hello 
You look very relaxed when your husband isn't around.
Thank you our First Lady. We love you and our President. God Bless you 
FEOTUS not flotus you don't deserve that title
The new Nazi party
The President will be impeached.
They have all seen you naked. Get over yourself.

Former Fox News anchor says Trump once tried to kiss her http://thr.cm/7p7z71  
.

America's First Lady :)

.
Why TX not VI or PR...
you would have asked same question no matter where she went
Please stop spending money on stupid trips unless u are paying for it. All this travel us your own plane and pay for it yourself. Greedy people! Kids are going hungry, I'll no meds and care, poor will be dead by your hand! You are going to be held accountable for millions dying!
So proud of our POTUS and our FLOTUS, thank you for all the respect you show our men and women in uniform.  God Bless you and God Bless America.  Merry Christmas and A very Happy New Year to all.
All eye wash. Go back to Russia.
Technically you still didn’t do more than think and pray for the Californians effected by wild fire, but you did still help a people with a big problem, don’t be turned off to helping others just because people criticize you for doing what should be considered an honorable thing
TECHNICALLY, ca wants to be it's OWN COUNTRY.  Doesn't look like that's gonna work out well for their citizens--or non-citizens.
No, it really doesn’t
@FLOTUS what about Puerto Rico?
We are lucky to have you as @FLOTUS. Finally poise and elegance graces the halls of the White House again.
You are married to a monster. You sold your soul for money. Supporting your vile treasonous husband makes you just as corrupt and just as disgusting as he is. Go back to whatever dark hole you crawled out of.
our @FLOTUS is a class act through and through.  TY for representing America so well!
Take your coat off and stay a while ma’am. I jest but of all of the trumpetiers I find melania forgivable.

Thank you.
Sooo nice to have a First Lady who is positive pleasant appreciative and grateful instead of one who is hateful and ashamed of America!
@FLOTUS is a beautiful angel.⚘⚘⚘
Thank you for loving the American people.
Give up, her people don't let her read your responses any more than her husband's people let him read his. God forbid they actually HEAR THE PEOPLE. They just float around in their own little world pretending all is well.
I love you flotus! Or would love to.

What a great first lady. She is nothing like the last guy first lady we had for 8 yrs. Thank you Mrs. Trump for being so great.
Please get me my help
Why do care so much about Texas but not at all in the same effort other American places .. how can you do that and still feel good with yourself.
Scheiss grünen wähler
Looking forward to seeing your visits to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.
Looking forward to all you liberals going there and helping.  You sure have big mouths sitting behind your keyboards.
Thank you & Karen so much for going! 
Thank you @FLOTUS 

You make us proud every day!

You are pure class. 

#MAGA

Thank you First Lady from Texas
Love our First Lady !!!  Such Class !!!
Thank you Melanie, for being a sweet responsible caring First Lady. I pray for you...and send my love and best wishes.
Melania and Mother do Texas. Nuff said.
Is there anything going on with The Donald & Ms Hickey?
You're the greatest @FLOTUS ever! 
Thank you for being wonderful @FLOTUS .. We love you
Our country is so lucky to have you, Melania, and Mrs. Pence to represent us.

Thank you for keeping us in your thoughts and prayers. The Coastal Bend will recover.
Damn she is so beautiful proud of our First Lady
The Banks DO NOT LOAN any MONEY! You with your SIGNATURE just gave the BANK AN ASSET, WHICH THEY ROB YOU OF AND THEN MAKE YOU PAY IT BACK WITH INTEREST! YOU ARE HOLDER IN DUE COURSE OF THE PROMISSORY NOTE YOU SIGNED TO THE BANK! YOU CREATED THE MONEY!!!!!!
YOU are INSANE.
Modern Mechanics. Indoctrination has been your blinding light.
@beck_ann4 @philadper2014 @Bikers4America
Us Texans are glad to see you leave.
Thank you Melania and Karen! You are both CLASS ACTS!!!
Great President Trump and First Lady MAGA

Great #FLOTUS. God bless you.
Melania sana kocamamı yoktuki bu aptalı buldun.
Please go control your husband.
America is very proud of our First Lady.
The gold digger

I thought ca wanted to be IT'S OWN COUNTRY.  Why do you need us?
Glad you keep your clothes on today. Go Russpublicans
Proverbs 31 for you, our beloved FLOTUS. Thank you.
The Proverbs 31 woman is not disturbed. She does not cause a disturbance. She doesn't just make a living, she makes a life.  How good is that? It's the best life a woman can have.
