Thank you Mrs. Trump. The people of Vegas need all the prayers they can get
As long as her husband has access to nuclear codes, so does the entire world.
I am by no means a Trump supporter. But I'm a Christian. The First Lady is sending her prayers to Vegas and I gladly thank her for that
And you think it's genuine?
It appears to be genuine
what on earth makes you believe that?
The tweet doesn't give me a reason not to. Why is it such a big deal that I thanked Mrs. Trump for her prayers?!
She's not genuine. Trumps don't care about anyone else. However you seem genuine so I'll give you credit for that.
What about some action. What is your position on gun control?  Automatic weapons. Domestic terrorism.
Well... considering this weapon used was already banned in a states being fully automatic, what is ur position on narratives?
Again, shut up. You don't know the weapon yet. 1. Auto can be legal but are strictly regulated. 2. Semi auto can be modified. go have a seat
Oh... I get it now. You're a bot. Bye russian bot noah. My husband is USMC. Pretty sure i know more about America patrism than you. Bye bye
Using your husband as ammunition as if you're in expert? All respect to your husband but HE gave for this country not you miss. Bot, lol...
I don't need to be an expert to know more than you. And when my husband serves, our family serves. You wouldn't know about service.
You literally just say that without knowing. In fact I have had 3 family members in the military and many friends on top of that...
Prayers are always needed ! Thank you FLOTUS! (7,565 likes and going)
You're thinking about the number of likes? Seriously? And we're supposed to believe there's a single sincere thing about you, her, or tRump?
Thanks @FLOTUS
Did you know the confederate flag disrespects the American flag?
God is idle. The fuck are our leaders gonna do?
Guns are what saves people in Tenn last weekend. You so realize People can buy gun illegally so if they want them they will get them.
Tell that to the church people in Tenn from last weekend who were not shot because of a legal gun owner!
RIP Eyewitness video - moment active shooter opened fire on concert crowd near Mandalay Bay hotel Vegas
@MELANIATRUMP why are you retweeting all your past tweets? are you okay?
I had a fam memb murdered right b4 Christmas last yr. He was 45 stabbed 4x's had he had his gun he wld still be alive!
Ignorance is believing gun control will stop criminals



Stephen Paddock..a christian terrorist...oh shit... how media will justify this christian born terrorism ?????
He's just as evil as anyone else who murders innocent people. He can call himself a Christian, but no child of God would do what he did.
Would u comment same if any muslim does the similar action? 
God bless everyone involved 

Stay safe and blessed, Miss Melania 
Hey FLOTU$, you can not simultaneously send your "heart & prayers" help support looser gun laws. Maybe lay off the "!" too. #TheResistance
Do you people have brains?! The guns were obtained illegally!!
Overpower hateful liberalism by sending Melania & @POTUS positive comments!
With so much hate in the world today, knowing our Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ our Lord and savior... this shall pass!  Prayers
You are a better person than me, Dawn. I get so frustrated with people.  Thanks for this, btw. :)
Oh shut up. No believes you're sincere. Oh wait, country music might mean white people to you & racist husband. But not about 3mil in PR.
Your the racist
I think you mean well, Melania, but hearts and prayers won't keep people from being killed. Gun control will.
Lol no... Criminals break laws. It was illegal automatic weaponry... guns laws would not have prevented this
How about insisting @GOP squash silencer bill?  Show Americans they care about safety over allegiance to @NRA goons! #Gaslightingamerica
Aren’t you paying attention?! The guns were obtained illegally!! Can’t stop the crazy, too many out there!!


Agree

Prayers going up to everyone who were at the concert and their families. 
Resist!!
Prayers are a waste of time. Do something about gun control. There is no 2nd Amendment reason why any civilian needs a machine gun.
That was not a machine gun. Get educated
Automatic weapon, then.  A weapon capable of rapidly shooting off multiple rounds. I don't need to educate myself on the ways guns can kill.
Pretty sure a person has to pull the trigger.

If it was true, things like this didn t happen no? If your husband was a real president,things like this couldn t happen.
Sure. But the president has control on weapon s sale ^__-
Didn’t you pay attention the guns were obtained illegally!! How’s he supposed to control that?!
Aw; for sure you can prove this without problem? His guns were illegals,like all of the guns used for mass murders in America.
Stop with the prayers.  We need gun control.
Automatic weapons already banned in all states
Clearly there is an issue. How about semiautomatic guns, the amounting ammunition one can buy, or mental health checks? We need a change.
Not clearly an issue. Listen to the video. It was a fully auto weapon and therefore illegal to purchase.
These guns should not even be produced.  There is no reason for anyone anywhere in the U.S. to have one.  We need major gun control.
You don't even have a clue how these guns were gotten. Could have been from Obama's fast & furious deal gone wrong
Looks like this conversation is over. When you run out of things to say and blame Obama, you are clearly not someone who is worth my time.
Do you think you could have a chat with @realDonaldTrump re: #guncontrol  at dinner tonight? #PRAYERSFORVEGAS
My heart and prayers GOES out?
Don't be a jerk. Everyone has typos in tweets. And you're mocking an immigrant (who speaks more languages than you), which is gross.
Typo? Yeah, sure. She's not writing this and you know it. This comes from the world of "warmest condolences."
Oh really? And can you prove she didn't tweet it? And seriously, this is what you waste time on? Correcting the 1st Lady's grammar?
I'm waiting for your source, Roger.

Quit praying and do something about gun purchases and ownership. Quit acting like you can do nothing.
Here we go another stupid hater!! Pay attention the guns were obtained illegally!!
God is crying Carol.  He gave humans the ability to solve this problem yet we don’t. We have failed god and are not protecting his creations
Yes many have failed God!! I still put my faith and trust in him at all times!! He is in control!! We don’t have the answers
He gave us the brains to fix this. He gave us control. That’s why Jesus died so we have the freedom to choose.
What do you feel the solution is?
3. Require insurance and training for all gun owners.  No different than what we do for cars
Prayers not enough anymore.

#GunControlNow 
#GunControlNow 
#GunControlNow
If you have no faith.  Maybe that is the problem
No actually I don't, which is my right. I'd like to see an actual call to action.
Thanks,
#GunControlNow
It can be faith in anything. Yes it is your right. Just as is gun ownership. Would you like to be forced into a faith?
Only asking for emboldening laws. Faith and military assault weapons can both be deadly. Some folks abuse both. Why not work on prevention?
I have no problem wth prevention.  They have a gun hand in where I live.
#GunControlNow
Yeah that will solve the problem. You must be brainwashed.  The weapon he used was illegal. He was a millionaire. He would find a gun.
Yeah Trump making it easier to have guns sure will improve things in  Tougher gun laws less killing. why  the UK doesnt have gun problem 
Right.. The U.K. Has constant terrorist attacks.  No big deal to you.They use vehicles and machetes instead.  The gun used is illegal in U.S
Please feel free to compare UK & USA stats. Pls post them here too. FYI a gun is made for one purpose killing. Vehicles are not.
I am sure if your life was threatened and somebody protected you with a gun you would have a different opinion. You missed the point.
DISBAND THE DAMN NRA
Do you people have brains?! The guns were obtained illegally!!
Really? The man called and told you that? Eat more Russian BS
Praying for you and the president 
God bless you and your family mrs Trump!!
Nah
Donald Trump took $107 million promised to charities ... and kept it

Yes like your prayers to people in PR?
In Australia we had mass shooting in Tasmania, and former prime minister John  Howard had the guts to change gun laws. #POTUS come on!
What LAPD, CAIR AND KAMALA HARRIS DID TO A TRUMP SUPPORTER AND GUN OWNER.
Melania me duck tell that clown husband of yours to take is finger out and ban the sale of guns in America.
I love you 
You are wonderful
Tje best first lady ever
Trump-Pence 2020
BREAKING: ISIS Claims Responsibility for Vegas Massacre
Twice they claimed responsibility and I also heard he sent millions overseas.I heard he converted to Islam months ago.Truth will be revealed

WE LOVE YOU! Stay strong Melania even when the Fake news trys to attack our President.
Amen Amen
Are you for real? Heart check, child.

God should comfort them#prayers
What the hell is that crap? They are dead and God is  a bedtime story so you can feel better about doing nothing.
We have the most violent culture in the world if  measured by mass shootings. Violence begins with how we treat people. We can do better.
Just pray for las Vegas ..Not enough Madam ..at least show some respect for human killing in Burma ,Kashmir ,Syria ,Palestine,Afghanistan..
How about those countries get a grip on the animals they spawn. Yes we will pray for the victims of this tragedy. That is what we do.
Nice in mind and manner . GOD bless you . Amen
Thank you. #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Hey melanie trump#3 escort service Nude model mail order  when are you going 2 be deported? You worked illegally in America@ trump tower?
@FLOTUS We are proud of you. Thanks for being an elegant and nurturing First Lady
We love you and our President.  Keep up the good work in the face of all this adversity. The Dems thrive on misery other than their own.
Thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims and families 
I love ya @45th_FLOTUS 
You are such a classy kind lady. These h8trs are boring. Wishing you and yor family the best!#MAGA
Mine does too...so sad
So sad and Not necessary
You speak for us all we are honored by you and President Trump
Go Trump 2020!
What, no thoughts??? Oh that's right, you have no ideas of your own.
Profound
I sorry there people who are dead and I see a lot of hateful comments about our president . This is sad ....
You're a blessing on this nation and the world, First Lady Of the United States Melania Trump.
#boobs #nakedfirstlady #UnFitToLead
Thanks...

Lose the sunglasses, look people in the eye without that barrier. Disrespectful that you always have those on


Pray your husband supports gun control legislation.
#President_Trump.. /\ Thank God (allah) for the blessing of Islam.
Hypocrite
Ridiculous. Trying to impose your hate.
Nice try, copying Princess Diana's style. Fashion-failure. You are no princes, and didn't pull it off
Praying for the victims and their families during this difficult time. Las Vegas, we are with you!
You are the most awesome and beautiful person!  Thank you for encouraging literacy.  Our problem is the gift of reading!!
WTF you have many more pressing problems than this
I LOVE IT SO MUCH WHEN YOU LEAD THE CROWD IN THE Lord's Prayer, MILLANIA.  BLESS THIS COUNTRY MORE OFTEN W THAT.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdJzpLxmsX0&t=2130s …
 Amen
We love you
Why bother to press the button to generate these fake comments
So here is my comment.
You have to admit. Melania is the "hottest" and one of the "smartest" First Ladies of all Presidents of USA. SPEAKS 3 languages LOVE OF GOD!
As does mine, but rather than pray for, how about someone does something to prevent this again.
Like what?  You know how we can do something? Drain the swamp of politicians that only care about themselves.  Vote responsibly
Like having a 2nd amendment reflective of a modern time, not a time when a gun carried one bullet.   Why does anyone need or want 40+ guns
I am not that guy's brain but the gun he used was illegal I U.S so no law in this land would prevent what he did.
And yet you'll do nothing to prevent it from happening again tomorrow.
Like all the other great presidents. Like you blamed Bush for all the bad.  Time to blame Obama for the legacy of hate, and desperation
DEEP CONDOLENCES TO THE INNOCENT AGGRIEVED FAMILIES.... ONLY WAY TO PAY HONEST TRIBUTE IS TO STOP MUSLIMS APPEASEMENT AND BAN 'QURAAN' ..


We join you in prayer. Dear Lord, may we reclaim our communities from #gunviolence. Forgive us for inaction. Deliver us from evil. #Amen

She doesn't write these tweets. She has a staff.
Talk to your husband.
In solidarity with the victims of the American people
Keep you empty prayers! That does NOTHING TO CHANGE THE FACT THAT A MADMAN SHOT AND KILLED 59 PEOPLE AND WOUNDED HUNDREDS MORE!
We join our prayers to yours, Melania!
Thank you ! Your prayers are heard by Our Almighty God!
Thoughts,Prayers ,Hope to all Americans involved 
.Our first Responders are Heroes 
they are the Saviors of us all
# LasVegasMassacre.
They should not have, and will suffer from this evil. God will be with you.
God bless you, greets from México.
That's nice, but America needs and deserves more from you. Help stop the insane violence. Stand for gun regulation  & meaningful change, pls
You have a heart?  And you pray?
YOU ARE SO REAL. MELANIA YOU LOOK GREAT. YOU STAND WITH YOUR HUSBAND THE PRESIDENT, AND YOU ALSO DO WELL ON YOUR OWN. YOU HAVE A LOVELY SON
I love ur style & grace & u have a GREAT Staff that helps ... keep it real & u will do FINE
Thank you for being such a courageous and inspiring lady. A FLOTUS to be proud of! Lots of love from my sons and I in Idaho 
Perhaps you should learn to use an exclamation mark appropriately
STOP- RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!
I’m done with the fact that people like you have a voice for people like me who actually care
#bgwm#hmnnrenrnnhh@h nnw@hnnh@nnn@gn#@LamarteaT nhn@tnn@b@nnhnnnnmnnnynnnnnnjjjn###jmnn #m njnnnrn@bbbnb@nhhnn@hr#n#hjgnn
Don't pray.   DONATE MONEY.

Mmmm
We must all pray

Russia and Russia connection tax returns traitor!
We love you!
I will Not observe a moment of silence at the same time with those who have souls their souls  to the NRA & allow more guns in the USA than any other industrialized country! I hurt with the victims too much to join the #hypocrites #GOPownsMess #PrayForVegas
,cfn++jnm I would never how you know your kids to know you're right
how are you madam
@FLOTUS hi
No, rabbis and priests should pray for loved ones, politicians should be changing our gun laws to honor those victims and loved ones.
I support
You can change everything
Praying for all..
#ThoughtandPrayers

Sure we all pray for them but it's NOT enough!UshdChangeTheArmsAct?How 1/2personsRallowed ToCarry8GunsWithSoMuchAmmo InHotelRoomOrEnyWhere??
u should remember Arab killed by American soldiers in middle east
...do not take the right for the people to protect themselves but you can figure out a way to semi automatics less accessible to civilians.
I was praying that I wouldn't read that you were praying. If u have come to some spiritual awakening, let the world know about it. Otherwise
That really does nothing at all

Prayers to all
They don't need your prayers. They, as in us,  need sensible gun control and mental health legislation now!
Then tell your husband to do something about it!

Please help Earl to get to the Mayo Clinic to save his legs via @youcaring

I’m done with you and your husband being dishonest

Yeah. Right.
my koshik goes to your datark glux
God bless
Many prayers for the souls lost injured and traumatized 
Thank you Mrs. Trump.  Beloved family members , many of my best friends & role models are Las Vegans.
how and why this happened, US is the sources of Terrorism, everywhere US involved,terrorism goes up, and people lives under fire,God bless!
أنت أقرب الناس للرئيس الأمريكي ووالدك كيف لا تنصحيه بأن يكون رئيس سلام ولايكون رئيس الحروب فهناك من يجرونه للحرب لكي يسهل عزله
My prayers go out to the victims and their families.
50 years of U.S. mass shootings: The victims, sites, killers and weapons https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/mass-shootings-in-america/ …
Thank you for your compassion.
NOT GOOD ENOUGH- something needs to change. #gophasnosoul #ffs #trumpiskillingamerica
You are amazing Melania!! Strong, beautiful and wise. I look forward to the day haters stop being jealous and learn to love and respect you!
