Great job Melania you're the best first lady we've had in a very long time
Thank you @FLOTUS for being classier and more beautiful than any other First Lady. It makes liberals crazy! #intelligenceandstyle

This is recent your photo of FLOTUS is wgat 15 years old. Still take Melania over Michael.
I will remember Trumps Inauguration day until the day I die.....
Grammar is important on Twitter. So get your books out and study!
You mean @MichelleObama 's garden? Nice job - it looks great!
Maybe WH garden there as far back as 1800's ? but this part seems 2 be true! Do y'all recall the word "plagiarism", for example? jus' say'n.
To continue by this Mrs Obama I really I like you your work
wow Melania is very tall !
Get me my fucking help find

Hey!!Hawww! ALABAMA.....If you embrace Roy Moore & Donald Trumps views. It means you embrace "Isils" views on pedophilia and child molestation. Remember Isils?. The guys you hide under your blanket from.   Americ…
You are wonderful with children. It's heart warming
Nice to see you continuing Mrs Obama's work and not destroying her legacy.
I  FLOTUS. Oh yeah, and POTUS, too. 
But what have Liberia  and Chile  got to do with such love ?
Happy to see Mrs. Obama's tradition carried in. Thank you!

Can you please follow me or tweet me back !! I might be a small girl but has a big world. I wished you came here in Las Vegas
Oh man... these Trump people are demons... evil, racist, kkk, white supremacists, horrible people. 

Maxine Waters is such crap.
Doesn't @POTUS eat a diet consisting almost entirely of fast food?
Sounds like your speaking from experience, did your dad serve it to you fresh from the source?
Glad to see the garden is still thriving.  I figured your husband would have ordered it destroyed.
These photo opps are nauseating.
thank you! (finally someone said it)
Sooooo proud of our FLOTUS!
She's using the garden created by Michelle Obama.
Ummmm check your facts! The gardens have been there since Eleanor Roosevelt!
Hi
Beautiful
Glad to hear she has kept Michelle Obamas garden.
isnt that Michelle 's garden?
@MichelleObama DID NOT START THERE GARDEN. IT WAS THERE FOR YEARS. ANOTHER 1ST LADY STARTED IT. !KNOWURHISTORY/ NO NOT CLINTON
Don't you just love @MichelleObama 's garden???
I pray we live that long at this rate...
President Obama 'went back on that Syrian red line' because Congress said NO, led by Ted Cruz, who claimed USA would be Al Qaeda's air force
So your derogatory bullshit lacks some facts to back it up.  Trump will get us killed with his bloviating stupidity. #Dotard
*laughs*  If by destroying the country & taking us back 100 years, then yeah, he's doing a great job.  And you deplorables are helping.
This is actually really nice to see. It's probably the most actual physical labor you've ever done, but either way, bravo.
At least vertical.

How much was that flannel shirt?
You could be one
Kind of a cowardly twitter profile. Can’t even show your face.
I loved this.  So beautiful as we try to eat healthy.  Love you for standing with our President and being our beutiful First lady.
@MichelleObama  did this  
Where is your son
that was Michelle's garden she did a great thing starting it,any good thing the Obamas have done trump try's to down it.
Keep up the Obamas garden.
Thank you to Michelle Obama for creating such a beautiful garden! Give credit where deserved!
Super easy does grow big eat good 
Wonder If Michelle Ever Worked N The Garden She Supposedly Had At The W H? Just Wondering!
lovlyyy
A smile on each BGCGW face while working the garden with flotus, all I need to know. God Bless you @ FLOTUS
Make sure you thank the real First Lady @MichelleObama for her mission to educate and empower our youth.
Bet you stayed there long enough to take pic, then went to shower. photo-op

MILANIA .AMERICA LOVE YOU
TAke as many pictures with black people as you can, you stood by your husband to kill over 20 mil americans, and commit abuse.
Thank you for being top class First Lady Melania,you're a !
We love and admire everything you do...keep shining
Hey kids!! Get a load of the "first lady". She's a great reverse role model!
Discrimination of whites. Look at pictures. All over usa. Decades. Yvette Anne Marion handfield. Ugly pictures
Who is your staff manager  thise sum good ops they make
Glad to see that at least Michelle Obama's kitchen garden is still there.
Grew my 1st garden this summer.  Very educational, meditative and a gift to myself and others.  Thank you Mother Earth!
Everyone may need these services, if you have any work, feel free to contact with me.
Hey LIBTARDS...anything wrong with this wonderful ladies SHOES?  No?  You guys got nothin?  Well?  Ok then!  STAY QUIET AND CLUELESS THEN!!
Awesome!!!
She uses everything created by Ms Michelle Obama
They are doing well
"Look! I'm touching a black kid. Sure, I made her wear gloves, but we're together. Now take the picture!"
9 million kids lost healthcare while went golfing. Racist low life bum. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse all @FLOTUS distraction post
Nice garden Michelle Obama!
Eating healthy is the greatest way to take care of the precious gift of our bodies and life!

Thank you, Melania, for tending and caring for Michelle's garden! Appreciate it so much! #carefortheearth #teachhealth
I love seeing young ones working outside & in the garden. This has to be lots of fun & a good learning experience. Thank you Flotus.
"And see sweetie, here is some nice hemlock just for the Donald's salad!!"
As usual like 45 all you look for is free labor's to do your work
I feel sorry 4 Melania Trump she is way out of her comfort zone this is a good time 4 her 2 learn English n ignore stupid old fat husband
Oh youre so tolerant
How Beautiful!  Love, Love Gardens!!!! Especially Children in Those Gardens!
Looks like a great day!
#GreatRoleModel.........Thank you for all you do :)
Yes MICHELLE OBAMA thank you for that beautiful kitchen garden @MichelleObama @WhiteHouse #WhiteHouse 
Melania, you're a Wonderful, Amazing, Classy role model, not only for our young, but for America! 
I love my flotus @MichelleObama
Time for a hair dye job honey-looking rough.
$1400 flannel shirt to plant vegetables, must be nice.
Wow look. The new slave labor
Than you Michelle Obama for creating the garden, something else for the Trumps to try and take credit for .
You look so sincere.
Love organic gardening.
Promote #organic #NoPesticides #ProtectEnvironment #Healthy - it should all go hand in hand.  Thank u for continuing #MichellesGarden 
#Lady #womenintech #WomensReservationBill #WomenEmpowerment #females #Leadership #PowerToTransform #Role #Saubhagya
To Whoever keeps complaining about the price of her shirt;please explain how it iseffecting YOURlife and how it isYOURbusiness. #stylequeen
such cute photo ops. how about your husband doing his job? we know he doesn't care, but get his job done.
@ChelseaClinton @IvankaTrump

Disrespect for the main banner of the land of betrayal and insult to the martyr soldier, not the president of the country 
A $1,340.00 shirt to wear gardening? That's the way to show kids how to b healthy and frugal 
This is the future.Socity must prioritize again.Futre's not NFL &orgs tht hve forgtten tht the pple made their sport salarys wat it is tody
What a fun day for the kids!! Thank you @FLOTUS
Natural Pic, Natural F.L.
Do you care about our citizens in Puerto Rico or are you going sit idly by? I think husband wouldn't be upset if you started a charity drive
I believe Together will make America Better than Before, I believe Americans will be happy again, Pursuing Happiness is the American Dream
You seem much nice, than your Husband
This is @MichelleObama work! Thanks for continuing. I hope the children aren't to traumatized and no slave jokes were made.
Love ya Melania keep up the good work.
Why don't you thank Michelle Obama!!!
The Bigot in Chief’s wife with a bunch of black kids... interesting
where is Barron?
I could be wrong, but that doesn't look like purple sage.
That was great, Melanie. You're the best.
Man amor you are wonderful but my mother Jackie Onassis Kennedy was number one this is Jm k
NICE
Proudly showing the humanity of firstlady. 
Black kids are not props Melania! Did you thank Michelle for putting so much love&care into the garden?
This is good work.
Nothing but love and respect for the First Lady!!!!
@FLOTUS , you seem to be a reasonable person, please talk some sense into your husband!

Glad you found your sugar daddy gold digger
YOU will never emulate Michelle Obama so, stop trying!
80 Degrees out & you are gardening in a *flannel shirt*! Great photo op Melanija! No dirt on your gloves and knees never touched the earth!
What a disgrace you are truly are! Because every women gardens in a $1,390 Blouse @ the expense of the Tax Payers!
Thanks for carrying on Michelle's tradition!
You have to keep stealing thing... you're just a revolution as your husband!
Or doesn't little Trump'r get his hands dirty and play in the dirt,,,fearing they turn brown???
Was little Trump'r out for this one???.

Nice
