Very nice and classy respectful photo. I would love to have one hanging in my office god bless our FLOTUS and our POTUS
Here is a photo of Fist ladies...Frame it
Remember w/ rightwing nuts lost their minds because Michelle Obama wore a sleeveless dress? Pathetic hypocrites. #Resist
She dressed like some cheap assed ghetto closet
The truth comes out. You're a racist pig.
It doesn't take long....Triggered really fast 
You're the ones triggered
So glad your our First Lady. Thank you for your sacrifice.
Sacrifice? Do you know what that word even means?
Yes I do. Apparently you don't.
She didn't sacrifice anything.
Really? They both sacrifice daily to serve USA! THEY ARE BILLIONAIRES, they don't need the BS AWFUL treatment from left OR lack of privacy!
no sacrifice whatsoever
Everyone calls it a privilege but you and your ilk yuck
So when you say YOU and your ilk you would be referring to who? Women, citizens, white ppl, moderates, twitterers, 1st amendment ppl.
Melania has all the class of Jaquelin Kennedy and cool enough to star as Catwoman! Love our 1st Lady....
So did Michele
Who is "Jaquelin Kennedy"? stripper at the Pussy Cat?
I am sure you don't know who Jaquelin Kennedy is being an illegal in the US. Soon ICE will give you a history lesson.
I'm sure you're uneducated because you can't spell J A C Q U E L I N E. #TrumpLovesTheUneducated say hi to Timmy snowflake who blocked me 
A good misspelling once in awhile gets the snowflakes flustered. Notice how forgiven rational Trumpsters are, they don't care just retweet
Wow such depth though about nothing. How you feel about important issues like Congress corruption _voter fraud. Are you about breaking laws
Never! You're representing the country so well Mrs. Trump! We love you
She overstayed a tourist visa and worked illegally. Making soft porn pix and God knows what else.

Thank you President and Mrs.Trump. Ignore the blinded by hate media especially social media. You are a fabulous first lady #MAGA
So blessed to have you as out first lady and Mr Trump as our president. Thank you for being so gracious.
TRUMP=REAL POTUS=HOPE/CHANGE! NOT AN OBAMA/CLINTON MALICIOUS, MALIGN/CLOAK-DAGGER ATTEMPT @ TRANSFORMING USA TO 1-WORLD COMMUNIST REGIME!
A beautiful remembrance. 
Very Classy!
What a great photo! Thank you for sharing! #MAGA #FLOTUS #POTUS
A True American who loves his country unlike the last POS who funded & supported his Muslim brothers Our president & gracious first lady 
Trump is a agent for Russia. He took millions in loans and bribes before the election and now, too.
Thank you both, really!
Thank you for sacrificing your way of life for the USA.  The Majority of Americans thank you!
Proud to see a president & first lady with hand over heart in respect to America!
Hmmmm, Barrack and Michelle had their hand over their heart. I guess you were sleep when that happened. Ijs
FAKE!
#NeverForget #GroundZero 1st anniversary. The air was calm,.then at the 1st moment of silence the winds whirled..beautiful souls were there
I found two.
Yeah, also remembering November 26th, in both cases culprit was in Pakistan
It's not November 26th yet, so save it
But it never goes away from mind.
What real leadership looks like
I love this couple. So beautiful and classy, as it should be!
The Obamas did it better. Ijs
I agree ill never forget how it changed our life
Powerful
Nicely done flotus and potus you guys are truly beautful
Oh, and piece of  @POTUS has no respect for the victims. If he did, he wouldn't have been talking thru not 1 but both moments of silence
...and in a few weeks Trump will tell us how many more muslims will be brought into the US.........on taxpayer's dime......
So Proud of @POTUSTrump & @FLOTUSMelaniaTrump! Great President, & First Lady fighting all Odds to #MAGA!

Thank you for representing our Country so graciously and always sincere & heartfelt. May blessings always be with you.
So proud of @realDonaldTrump.  
That last guy would've been out on the golf course by this time of the day. 
--> Round Two
So nice to know schools don't teach what the words "would've been" mean. 
Go read a book. 
LOL
Good to know libs get triggered by golf. 
LOL 
must not be anything else more important. 
LOL
2day 9/11 is a day we shall NEVER forget.Also never 2 let any Extremist Islamic Muslim into US.ShariaLaw not compatible w/our Constitution
"When people show you who they are, believe them the first time" ~Maya Angelou~ #Trump
Because someone can't possibly change their perspective over 16 years. Thanks for showing everyone who you are however, hater.

Where the f*** is my help
I am Proud of of you Melanaia  and to your Husband President Trump, God Protect President trump  to finished his Mession
RIP all innocent souls tht perished frm earth on 9/11 except fr those terrorist may thy burn in eternal lake of fire forevr #NeverForget911
As I have said before you are so beautiful on the inside and out!!!!!
Great First Lady! Tell Mr. President keep up the great work! TRUMP 2020
https://twitter.com/raisingcash/status/874375722642657281 …
@MELANIATRUMP You are no First Lady. You're barely a citizen. And you married a fool. Leave us alone would ya?!
How Rude. If We Treated Obsma that Way, You guys Would Burn ghe Town Down. Grow Up!
Melania is Wonderful.
Remember when your husband bragged about now having the tallest building in NYC after 9/11????
dope
#NeverForget #Remembering911
She looks like a ROBOT every time u see her!
And you look like
Not like u
Don't be a shame of who you are
IF America would Stand&Pull Together & Pray for right&good instead of their ridiculous words, thinking they're noticed!#MAGA!!!!!
Yes praying to some imaginary sky god will make all the difference.
Really sorry you feel that God is imaginary! But if you ever feel in your Heart you want to know&feel the Truth! Then you'll findGods, real!
Hello! Our ex-porn star First Lady... 9/11 was orchastrted by Saudie Royal family, who your hubby went to suck swallow. !
Beautiful picture of True Americans, Thank You!!
Something or someone keeps on doing all of my retweets and likes on the first ladies Twitter account I don't know who or what is doing in this and why it's being done to me but it's very frustrating and I wish it would just stop I'll keep retweeting and liking regardless
Melania, you're #Awesome, America loves you! Don't listen to the libs, they're sore losers, probably jealous. Haha #MAGA
Never forget and never forgive Muslim terrorists. World without Muslims would be peaceful. @drajayssharma @jyotsnadevi33 @mgnayak5
Whenever Muslims entered in any areas later peace is strictly out of bound. They always reproduced non stop and just waited for opportunity.
They play victim till they are minority  once they are majority in the area they stamp their authority
Muslims always in waiting mode including Indian Muslims. Usually never missed whenever they got. They love blood rape incest perversion.
It's an honor to have such an eloquent First Lady again. A truly amazing woman.
What makes her amazing?
How about the fact that she has endured what most people will never have to, tge death of her husband at the hands of o drunk driver.
???
@realDonaldTrump That was a beautiful speech & the most sincere I've heard in 9+ years. Thank you both. I'm so glad you're FLOTUS & POTUS
when @realDonaldTrump said his #Trump building was now the tallest and started a shifting story about seeing Muslims celebrate
https://youtu.be/G-p1LEBAujE 
It's Also My Late Mother-N-Laws Birthday. 
We Will Never Forget...
When your wife has bigger hands than you do.
I see that 45 finally learned how to put his hand over the place that should have a heart.  Losers - both of you
Bull no suffer.  I one of first responder s for Pentagon no one thanked me Yvette Anne Marion handfield

Why are you retweeting all this nonsense when you should be asking your husband why he paid Hush money to a porn star after having sex with her just one month after you gave birth.
Amen
Thank you FLOTUS & POTUS for remembering the victims of 9.11.01. My friend died. Healing is knowing the TRUTH...Investigation=Justice=Peace.
#SupportKurdistan
Someone or something keeps undoing my retweets and my likes on the first lady's Twitter account this is very strange anyone know how this is happening I'm having to go back and redo them all over
Nice picture
I love our President and the First Lady! May God go with them in all they do!!
Eff them. Hypocrites and liars both.
THANK  YOU FOR BEING A GREAT FIRST LADY
Thank you for your strength and kindness.  Your work is greatly appreciated.
What work ? Be specific
You're Amazing, an incredible First Lady! Thank you for all you do for USA & for your support of your husband as people of USA's President
You make me sick !
Haven't you been deported yet?
My wife and I pray for you daily. I Believe we are in good hands with our president your husband Donald J Trump. Thank You.
https://twitter.com/raisingcash/status/874375722642657281 …
Thank you @FLOTUS for all you do! I will never forget 9/11...I was there...
Again, what is "all" that Melania does ?
And what have you done? All I see is criticizing our @FLOTUS and @POTUS. Melania has a big  and she has been working on making difference.
How do u know FLotus heart ? She's a nobody n worst . She's not even a FLotus . Absent , thoughts somewhere else

God bless you both.  Xoxo
@ElizbethLManess well done
Very nice looking Frist Lady and President of USA
Except you seem to have forgotten it was because of ISLAM. 
#IslamIsTheProblem #pedophileprophet
#September11 #NeverForget
#NeverForget911
Thank You.
FOX AND CNN ARE NOT COVERING THIS?
#firstLady has the looks and appeal as Jackie O'. #Trimmedandoiled
Love my flotusand potus
Your duty is to clear terrorist all a round the world.
Today you not clear them, one day we will face black era again.Please help to Rakhine
Thank you, President Trump and First Lady.  We love you and pray for you daily!  Never forget God out you in office for s purpose! 
It's not about you!!'n I remember 9/11. You know nothing. See nothing and say nothing!! You use up security resources for your own benefit
Dead eyes zombie state of mind one zombie a sociopath and Antichrist the other a slant eyed demon follower like the so called Evangelicals
Why am I following you? I never followed you.
Hey #3 escort service Nude model mail order  melanie trump, why have you become patriotic? Did you not work illegally here in America? Out!
@FLOTUS AMERICANS R LOSING OUR RIGHTS FOR FREE SPEECH, FB BANNED ME, JUST FOR LIKING NICE REMARKS ABOUT POTUS WONDERFUL SPEECH ON 911
Why are people so sucked in by a photo op? What a total facade! The Trump Crime Family representing the US... What a disgrace! #RESIGN
awesome sight
Go back to Slovenia
Our flag long may she wave!
So proud of you First Lady !
Finally, a President and First Lady who love this country and who show such honor!
If I ever get to have kids, I'm naming one of my daughters after you, Melania! God bless!
God Bless YouMelania
THANK YOU  ................
NEAR   OSMAN  COM ING  ...  BANK DEKONT
Yes, remember what our country stands for! Not just for the rich, it is for all the people.
Today is fir Americans, not mail order brides...
Thằng mồm
How proud and thankful for both of you!
photoshop is great, you can even make #45 look like his hand is over his heart. #Gaslighting #suckstobeatrump
An amazing FLOTUS. So proud of her!
And to short man if They use violence or disrespect them.
Your lovely. Shame who your married to.
please do something in Myanmar for human rights. Please protect Rohinga people.
Yal Should be ashamed of yourselves for hating the First Family!!!! Wake up and grow up!!!
Joke
Too bad the Democrats no longer respect America they have sold us out to the Arabs in Russia once people realize this America unite
Thank you for everything. We love you
If Trump was President then there would not have been this tragedy on 9-11
How would there be no 9-11 if Trump was President.
Radical Islamic Terrorist killed thousands of Americans 16 years ago.we never forget the tragedy and never forget the brave men and women1/2
Praise The Lord for our President and First Lady
Desde chile mis saludos y condolencias para mi querido pais de los EE.UU...De A merica un gran abraso para ti amiga y para mi presidente.?
Forgot your sunglasses
God bless America thanks for your efforts!
Only to well.
Never forget 911 brother and sister your in our hearts forever..
You don't give a shit
Love this beautiful picture of our President Trump and our First Lady
Maybe show others who suffered besides yourselves
Thank you Mrs Trump.
Thank you President Trump and Mike Pence for being the hope that we can believe in 
Thank you, Melania, for your respect and appreciation for America's 9/11 remembrance.
May the souls of the departed Americans rest well with the Almighty God
Thank you! You are the best!! #MAGA #TopGunFLOTUS
AMERICA IS WORKING AGAIN
Donald looks uninterested. as usual.
A beautiful tribute to those who lost their lives...
Also never forget Benghazi 
Truly honored with your presence and grace. Thank you @FLOTUS  and @POTUS  for representing our Country! #NeverForget
Thank you for remembering. God bless you and your family.
And yet the Trumps with all their wealth did nothing to help rebuild after 9/11

Losers!  Flouts and POTUS
Thank you for so gracefully honoring the fallen on this day.
As much as they will remember  9/11 terrorism against Muslim for expanding lying they will have to face it's natural result.
We will forgive, but never forget. #11September2001
Yes i also remambar 
Very sab day for USA
RIP
God bless
Look!!!  your hands are over your heart!!  Obama and Mrs must have flunked anatomy
Now this is the America we love 
Nous n'oublierons jamais

Sub: Financial support for poor and opportunity deprived children. https://sandwiptimes24.wordpress.com/2017/08/20/sub-financial-support-for-poor-and-opportunity-deprived-children/ … 
Look the first couple has their hands over their hearts  ! What their Americans ! POTUS! O YEA
Looking like two lost souls. Girl bye!!
My husband's 50 colleagues died in the towers that day! Thanks to you for not forgetting them!
Mr trump is great
Awesome leader & beautiful First Lady!
Tell me again how you supported and repeated the birther crap
Thank you for honoring those who lost their lives and those who fell ill after 9/11. 
#NeverForget you are married to someone that makes terrorist attacks all about himself
https://youtu.be/sbi_XoNjyAU 
God Bless America!!
https://youtu.be/JCtiwBrWHUc  Howard stern proves trump right again. They were celebrating 9/11
Thank you and God bless you. Many Catholics are aware of so much that YOU policies have helped all the Churches, Flotus proud of your family
How are you doing with the anti-bullying thing?  Holler if you need help. 

The painfull day.. which can't be out of our memory...
The Honorable Former Asst Sec of The Navy Richard Greco teaching his students HONOR:
Beautiful !!!
Everyday I remember that your husband is President & l thank God.  We are safer now that he is in office & looking out 4 America...first! 
Thank you for honoring victims of the 9/11 attack, the first responders and the loved ones left behind.  Bravissima!
#dontjudge  @FLOTUS we love you as our First Lady
I love September 11 2001 
@SusanAutry66 I remember that day #prayer for our president and country in God we trust #S8W
Amen
