Happy Veterans Day Melania. We hope you can escape your captor, @realDonaldTrump, one day. #freedom
I agree. She has more class than that.
You can see the captive misery in her eyes and expressions when around  @POTUS. She usually tries to look away or down. #FreeMelania
She does that with everyone.Remember she is a model,she turns her smiles on & off on dime.She loves her husband.Remember she pursued him,not the other way around. You can make anything you want of video snippets,but it doesn't make it true.I could do that with Michele and Barack.
All these crybabies have are insults as they cut the video to appease their hatred. They are miserable and have miserable lives. Liberal tears & cold beers
I watched the whole dang thing and every interaction since.  She's yet to show any true emotion towards him that isn't obviously staged
Pastor Franklin Graham was praying!He made a funny!They all laughed!Then she went back into a somber mood!For the rest of the prayer!!!I would have done the same thing! She did what she was supposed to..Why does it have to be anything other than that,instead of something made up!
Maybe it was a fart? DJT farted because he’s so full of hot gas & Melania laughed? possible? DJT turned and whispered “dont laugh at my farts! This guy is praying and I have to pretend to be Christian!” And Mel went right back to somber. Makes sense. You’re right.
We love you First Lady Melania! You are the very essence of a First Lady. We love our President and thank you for standing by his side and giving your times and service to our GREAT COUNTRY! God Bless you and Mr. Trump!Thank you for #MAGA!  Classy/beautiful come to mind.

Thank you @FLOTUS looking nice in the outfit
Hey Kip: Don't let that green  monster (jealousy) eat you alive!  I am so proud of our President and First Lady! He is working hard overseas to promote fair trade for the American people and Melania is the best, the smartest, elegant and classy First Lady ever!  Love em both!!!
But how do you do for China?!damn!
Dear Melania Trump, watched you and POTUS on TV, you emulate love,kindness,professionalism! God Bless!
Thankyou for all you do.
Dear Karen, thank you so much for your beautiful words. Our first family is being berated and put down so much that it warms my heart to finally hear words like yours. We are blessed to have our President Trump and such a worthy first lady Melania!
Yes we are very blessed to havePresident Trump, our beautiful loving First Lady Melania,And the entire Trump family! Thankyou for your kind communication.
Why do you have to retweet everything your wife says? You don't honestly think you are the only one being followed do you? What an ego. She is probably having a better time without you.
Amen  god bless
Looking forward to your touchdown back in the USA.... Thank you!
Looks delightful.....Just a shame Donnie ran away *again* & didn't have the balls 2 repeat his China raping USA jibe...
Wow. Amazing picture!
谢谢 @FLOTUS 
中国人吗
Your simply beautiful inside and out , finally are real First Lady .
I don’t mind you but I can’t stand your husband..
I'm glad you enjoyed your stage managed visit where protest and free speech is forbidden on pain of imprisonment...
How do you live with this pig. Oh I remember now he is a pimp
Done any nude modeling lately?
Awesome president, first lady,and family proud of all of you.
Did you do a striptease for them?
Take your cowardly husband to the Vietnam War Museum so he can see what John McCain endured for 5 years. While he stayed home and acted like a tough guy. Oh yeah please tell him to stop ing Putin’s ass.
Such a beautiful picture! #MAGA
Good government connection and shows the hospitality of china federation ...
You understand President Trump hates Asians as much as he hates Latinos. He is currently busy Making American White Again and putting them in detention centers and slowly killing them in Puerto Rico and other islands destroyed by recent hurricanes.
Thank you China. Our gratitude to you for your kindness and hospitality.
What an amazing shot
Thank you for representing us.
and Even if you are zombies walking, they are still being cast aside（End)
No more visits Melania

You Are A sweet first lady Melania the country Love's you just like we love President Trump were lucky to have both of you
The msjority of Americans do not agree with that tweet. Not at all.
If you want to be a unloveing person that your business the rest of us don't give a shit that's ours
Thank you

Looking sharp as usual, nice
You are making the world proud on you @FLOTUS
Real Hospitality 
祝愿世界和平
Bravo Madame!

We know they must love you as we do . Praying for safe travel for you , and our POTUS
Thank you for bringing back the poise and elegant support for our country!! Proud to have you as First Lady!
You are a beautiful First Lady, and you did a wonderful job giving our national bird to the children. Was the fur made of mink. I would love to have one of those birds. Stay strong First Lady Trump!
Love You! 
Did you visit the factory where they make the #MAGA hats?
An idiotic comment.
But, the sharp cleverness of your witty reply has cut me to the quick!  Well played, madam!
Ha Ha you don't deny it . 
Stop! Stop! I'm clearly no match for towering intellect!  My entire education was for naught! Please don't hurt me again!  Just don't hurt me again!
At least you admit . Education does not Trump common sense . 
congratulations!
of course, will not be taken with the money of the surname Xi, -3
Thank you President Xi & Madame Peng, for your warm hospitality.  Enjoyed our time & looking fwd to future visits between our  countries.
Like, when you and daddy claim asylum there?
Lovely picture
Mrs. Trump you make America proud 

Cultural 
#tictoc
Any good reason for impeachment?
Pres. Trump is the same White man that has always ruled the U. S., he is not a Socialist so they want to get rid of him.
Happening Now
#Alert
#Sanaa, Capital Of #Yemen, 
Under #US-backed #Saudi-led Aggression Bombardment Now
960 Days of Saudi & UAE Allies Terror.
.
#StopArmingSaudi
#HConRes81
#OpenAccesstoYemen
.
. 
#ArmisticeDay
US .UK complicit in Saudi war crimes, responsibility of every citizen to demand UK #StopArmingSaudi  #StopIllegalBlockade #Bahrain
Answering your questions today on #Yemen
Beautiful!
Opa todo mundo daqui é africano ou japonês de acordo dessa foto

You’ve represented America perfectly Melania. You and your husband do our country proud. I’m so happy your family is in the Whitehouse
Thank you so much for traveling to visit these leaders on behalf of all American citizens and to #MAGA! Glad we have an #AmericaFirst @POTUS & @FLOTUS  YOU ARE APPRECIATED!!
Ya’ll are just too cute! Have a nice evening, you have to be exhausted Glad you’re back. Barron and I worried about you. 
What. Are you this crazy
Better keep Roy Moore away.
What a great moment!
Love u melania
It's nice to have a president that doesn't go around apologizing to other countries for our prosperity! #MAGA
Please tell me what ever happened to Trumps tough talk on China during the election?  WHERE IS IT? China knows that if you flatter Trump he will give in to your demands.
Felices encuentros...
What a beautiful picture!! 
Really??
#fakemelanoma  your hub is a yellow belly coward. Does he remember whuch foot had the bone spurs?? Oh yes he never really had #fakepresident
Iam So Glad You Enjoyed Your Visit First Lady Melania
THANK YOU, MR. & MRS. TRUMP........ YOU TWO ARE THE GREATEST, ALSO EVERY 
TIME THAT ANYTHING IS MENTIONED OR DISPLAYED ABOUT YOU TWO, MY TEAR DUCTS JUST GO IN OVERTIME !!!!!!!! GOD BLESS YOU TWO AND THANK YOU !!!!!
Nice
Thank you Melania, for your graciousness, and beauty you bring to the White House.... POTUS is a lucky man and we all are behind you both in every venture you partake in the MAGA JOURNEY....IT WILL HAPPEN
第一夫人女士，希望这次访问会成为您难忘的回忆。the god bless USA and China。
Beautiful! Thank you @FLOTUS & @POTUS for representing our country with such allegiance, strength and grace. 
Good job @flouts but please save, rescue and bring home a dog.
WOW Bea-u-ti-ful
A postcard
Chinese are perfectionists, the precision of height in the front row is cutting edge
Will they be able to visit @realDonaldTrump in jail?
Melania, my family and I could not be more pleased with your representation of our country as first lady. We see that you lead with compassion, intelligence and heart. All of this, done with such grace and poise. From California
Thank you @FLOTUS for representing #America with such charm, grace and beauty, we are so proud of you Melania
Madame Peng is an absolutely beautiful woman as you are FLOTUS!!!
Loved to see u represent the US so well, first lady! Great job :D
Hello @FLOTUS Melania! You looked fabulous in this dress!
keep doing what you do for America, we love you First Lady Trump.
Are you sure they can see your twitters in China?
I feel sorry for you to have to stand next to such an embarrassment!
Who wore it better?
So go back as a civilian and leave the WH...
nice
Hope he wasn’t grabbing any pussy
Thank you. Not only are you a wonderful human being, you are the best ambassador for the USA. MAGA!
What an incredible photo. Thank you for representing our country with such grace and elegance.
Beautiful!
Beautiful. Thank you to Flotus and Potus!
Yeah yeah. You and your husband are more gracious to foreign countries than to your own. You are married to a Russian puppet so what does that make you?
yall anit never going back
You must have had a wonderful trip. I wish I could have been there with you all.
Great job, keep it up & thank you.
You represent our country with Dignity and Grace.
Thank You from a Crusty Old Retired Platoon Sergeant.
2013 Russia
Sooooo beautiful. Everyone. What a great visit. #lovemypresident

Wow that's beautiful.
Thank you Melania.

nice photo
Thank you！
Is it you have write it?
If it yourself congratulation!!!
You enjoyed yourself so much you couldn't even be bothered to type the words out fully! Fake and lame - just like you! #WorstFlotusEver #Impeach45
󾓦󾓦󾓦
JJ
You go to a place less: Monument of the People's Heroes, of course-2
WONDERFUL COLORFUL DISPLAYS!!
GOD BLESS YOUR MISSIONARY TRAVELS!!
WE ARE PRAYING FOR YOU!
构图，色彩，人物都很棒
A great first lady for our country @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP
So proud to have you as our President & Melania as our first lady. Great trip! Thank you.
Wish them all Happy Veterans Day  from a Navy Vet.. Thanks Melanie!

Dear Madam Melania, when you visit to Indonesia..?
Beautiful 
Shut up  you look better with your mouth closed
They probably will let you come back but you can leave that clown husband of yours at the zoo.
Hahaha awesome!! You two are amazing!! Love you guys
!

Beautiful picture.  Love FLOTUS!
Do us a favor and move there, u laughing stock
Who is this tweet for? Twitter is blocked in China. Prez Xi or the Chinese people can't see this.
I'm saying hi from China ，and yes, we can see this.
希望下次再来中国，加强两国友好及贸易往来。
Thank you Mr President and our refined FLOTUS.  Finally, a President and FLOTUS worthy of global respect.
Thank you for representing our country!
VERY GOOD - DON'T STOP
Madam Welcome to South Asia.
but my hmble sugest to fully undrstnd the great #Pakistan.
we have lose irecvrble lives by suprting ur cntry to remv the terirsm.
& also try to undrstnd that India is gretst hyprcrsy not dmcrsy who spreads trsm.whch thrts 2 the rst of th world.
Wow this is amazing pic
You bots are weird - your sentence structure way screwed up.
But Trump is bigly making America great again
Finally a beautiful 1st lady. She could make Killarys onesie look good.. Ok, ok maybe not
Loved the picture and thank you for it!  You looked so beautiful in the gorgeous evening dress at the State dinner in China!
Thank you first Lady for be a great woman and icredible mother God bless you and bless all your family
The video bits I saw were fablous, hoping all had the best time ever.  The first of many lovely visits.
U GOT MOXY.
UR POTUS GREATEST ASSET. 
MAGA!
I would also like to thank POTUS for throwing America under the bus with the Russians.  I thought he was supposed to represent the people of this country.  #MAKE AMERICA WEAK AGAIN
So beautiful !!! 
I am quite sure they were Blessed to have youYou are so Amazing with kids. I really admire you Melania. God Bless You
Can't wiat til he's impeached!
Why should he be impeached?
Thank you FLOTUS. 
Thank you First Lady for bringing great class and elegance to the world stage.
Thanks @china
Don't count on it! Mueller will get your hubby impeached for Obstruction of Justice and other financial crimes!
Clinton’s are the ones who should be doing in jail already
It is so great that our President can bring peace for our country.
Beautiful --Thank you
We LOVE  You FLOTUS Melania! You are doing such important work & also supporting the POTUS grueling schedule!! 


Beautiful!
Thank you Melania for being a wonderful and gracious First Lady.
My mother always told us to take the time to write a handwritten thank you card.
What a lovely photo!
Trumps granddaughter singing was awesome too.
Yes
This is how respected leaders are treated. So proud of you. Make the world great.
小姐姐好年轻
Thank you Melania,so much and only listen to the good things ,the others who send you bad messages are lost and confused people. YOU and the PRESIDENT have our full support.
You and @POTUS are certainly #MAGA - very proud of the visit to Asia!  The USA could not ask for better representation.  God Bless!
