Did you bring your stilettos & teach them how to walk like a model in them? 
Way to empower women, Kate the snowflake.  Mean girls vs ladies w/class!
I took my cues in class from FLOTUS herself! She sets a shining example for girls everywhere of how a man should treat a 'classy' lady!
Yet I remember when the conservative right squealed in horror when Michelle Obama dared to show her shoulders in a sleeve dress. #hypocrisy
Since its fair to critique looks, lets start w urs. Good attempt at making ur face appear not as broad in pic, but try dieting or photoshop
Such a sweet Lady! Kids know when you  them! Best First Lady America has ever had! 
Completely agree BEST @FLOTUS America has ever had, Classy, beautiful, intelligent w a HUGE Heart  love
So classy.
We love you Melania you have brought back class and style to the White House something that's been missing for 8 years you are Awesome
Michelle Obama was a very classy lady.  No scandals and a brilliant mind to boot!
Someone hasn't been educated. Michelle is a transgender with rented children and a cocaine addiction. #research since MSM covers this up.
Conspiracy theory much?
A conspiracy theory is an explanation of an event or situation that invokes a conspiracy without warrant. 
Facts blow your claim to hell.
Oh a dictionary user! Great! You must like alternate facts...
I beg to differ. What you're doing? It's called projecting.
Can we buy the legos on your website?
No legos but you might be able to order this
Jealous because she's beautiful. You miss man-meat Michael and his husband ObamASS.
Yez!  I wish I could be married to someone with an implanted wig!
She is a nude model porn star. Gold digger  If that is the kind of class you want around your daughters then shame on you.
Get a membership at a gym, put down the fork, and you too may look nice 
THERE she is! Knew the stuck-in-high-school brat was in there somewhere! Let your true colors SHINE, boo!
STALKER, I'm not your boo. Stop playing holier than thou. U support abortion & every other atrocious act, chk yourself.
Thank god for that. She will never be close to Michelle. She has to much class. I'm speaking of our best FLOTUS EVER. MELANIA. 
That was my first thought thank god....been there already no need to repeat!!
Hope you kept your clothes on #HOETUS
Look at the First Lady! That is a real genuine smile. Melanie is a first class Flotus! We love you and your shoes!
Love to see you with kids you always smiling and having fun with the kids.
Great Example for children!
@realDonaldTrump 
@DonaldJTrumpJr
Photo op with children of color 
Melanie you are making a Great First Lady. So Refreshing to finally have Class in the position of FLOTUS. It has been missing for 8 years.
Why? Obamas=no scandals, 25 yrs of marriage to same person, no affairs, no lying, meanness nor worshipping power and $$.
And no Class either
Blessings, First Lady!
May you and yours be blessed!
Happy FRIDAY!
Love our FLOTUS 

You're a classy wonderful First Lady. Thank you .         
Great lady
Your love and devotion to all the children is very inspiring. Thank you @FLOTUS for being so committed to making a REAL difference.
Such a classy sweet lady. God bless you
Beautiful time with our Patriots children. Wonderful speech POTUS gave today. So uplifting. 
Our First Lady smiles the brightest when she is with children 
What a gracious First Lady
Se ve muy bonita Una labor de Primera Dama como muchas que habrá feliz Día de Amor y Amistad!
Melania, how do you keep from puking when you see this guy daily? Is your stomach made of iron?

About time your doing something that a First Lady should be doing!! And you should be living in the White House not a Penthouse!!
She is living in the White House!!
It's about time!! She's the most non participate first lady I've ever seen! Maybe she's embarrassed about her husband?! I don't care anymore, whatever
You are so wrong!  She is exceptional!
So funny to see so many women trashing a successful female and also call themselves feminist. Hypocrites
Best First Lady the US has ever had
American Legion slams Trump’s VA budget plan to hurt older vets - NY Daily News
I wouldn't let you near my grandkids.
Than your a fool, she is an amazing mother, woman, business owner, and @FLOTUS
Slowly but surely you will win more hearts for a good and clean and fresh dispensation
Mommy mommy, guess what, a stripper came to our school today and I want to be just like her when I grow up!
A stripper??? Wow, I didn't think you guys could stoop lower! You proved me wrong.
Oh.  I'm sorry.  A porno, girl on girl titty model.
You've got some, pretty twisted fantasies when you can concoct that from that pic. Take your meds.
She is great.  Proud she is my FLOTUS and also thankful for the POTUS.
The children know who is kind and loves them, thank you for being such a wonderful First Lady.
Thank you @flotus for being you!!
GREAT ROLE MODEL FOR THE KIDS.
happy kids are the best https://youtu.be/NOZ-90POoD4   share a smile!!
Veterans sound off on Trump banning transgender people from military - Business Insider
With very good guestions...... child: How much is 1 plus 1.... Melania: uhmmm...3?

Your history of nude modeling should be enough proof you should not be interacting with our nation's children. Clearly not qualified.
But it's okay to KILL A BABY?  Sit down Hilary lover.   @flotus is more of a gracious woman than you will ever be..
When will you begin your anti bullying campaign?
Tell the truth. 
You really strengthen respect for the US and for President Trump! http://kumpan-muller.ucoz.de/publ/on_november_12_2017_16_sixteen_years_of_the_official_creation_of_our_civil_international_committee_of_intellectual_and_spiritual_unity/7-1-0-162 …
The beautiful face of AMERICA ...
Beautiful children and beautiful @FLOTUS 
Cool. Did they get to see your immigration papers? Or @realDonaldTrump tax returns? No, then leave. #deportmelania
HAHA my guess is your for keeping ILLEGAL immigrants in the country.   Give me a freakin break.  Sit down!!
Trump and his cronies have given rise to every racist, bigot, and generally dumb person in America.  Congratulations.
Poser!
Did they recognize you without your HAT? #impeachtrump

Awe man.....Does this mean Trumps gonna grab my hat now too?!?!?!?
So proud of our gracious first lady.

#FLOTUS Elegant, sophisticated, classy and intelligent. 

Thank you for all the support you're giving to our #POTUS #MAGA as a wife and #FLOTUS. God bless you and your family. 

Thank you #FLOTUS #POTUS #MAGA 

Well? No offense but since libs are blinded and mean to the #FLOTUS wish this pic will open their eyes and see the difference. Lol : 

 

#FLOTUS #POTUS #MAGA 

God bless #FLOTUS! God bless America! 

 
Melania, I love kids as much as you do, but rewarding lawbreakers hurts our kids. DACA is a mess. Please stand up for LEGAL immigration.
She's under investigation herself for immigration violations.
She is also a victim of abuse 
#FreeMelania  #FreeMelania #FreeMelania
This is not true. If she was under investigation for that: CNN, MSNBC, Lester Holt, & Shep on Fox would talk about it all day every day.
Yes she is under investigation. 
Yes..it's 100% true.
Try to understand fear does not own my outlook. יהוה God is in full control here. Right now He chose Melania as @FLOTUS & I support her 100%
Poor children
Another photo opp for this valid woman.
That's  vapid.
I'm not sure if you noticed, but they are all minorities. Their future is full of marginalization, discrimination, and bitter hate. Happy?
Think about your son! How much are you being paid NOT to divorce @realDonaldTrump
She is so engaged with them. 
Thank you

God Bless FLOTUSretired Special Agent/veteran
Thank you
Don needs 2 go 2 school on FLOTUS U get it where Don misses 2 often. POTUS must tweak his Realty TV mind
Thank you.Gracias.Merci.Grazie mille.Balshoe spassiva...America thanks You but,also wishes You look into brain-damaged kids aka 'Autism' pls
Children seem to make you happy!
Sweet! Good FLOTUS!
Your husband tweeted an image of him hitting a woman with a golf ball. Just wondering how your anti internet bullying campaign is going ?
You look so happy to be with them! So natural! Nice!
Yep... she's without him
Thank you, my lady. U r a joy. So Proud u r Our First Lady!
Obviously the First Lady hates Blacks?
Don't mind Texas Kate she is a jealous snowflake that can'y find her safe place. We love our @FLOTUS
Lovely picture!
We @ DID/Divinity in Diversity appreciate z efforts & leadershlp of z first lady with kids & young people! Stay Divine by serving others!
I love Melania
It was wonderful for you to sent a moment with them.
Literally the only picture of her looking happy I've ever seen. Hm, what's different?
That's a lovely picture for sure. I'd like to see more pictures of the First Lady looking happy and comfortable surrounded by old and young.
Get outta here! Don't waste your time talking to kids about bullies. Your husband is a terrible human. U r a bad example of a woman. #Sad

Millions of Americans are not wrong, Donald Trump will always be our choice!

@potus @realDonaldTrump 
Hey Melania! How many times does trump pays you for a blowjob?  hmmmm
I wonder why we never see u smile in photos with your hubby?  No not really. We all understand.  Nice smile BTW.
VIVA SLOWENIA ... !!!
@FLOTUS loves children
What a great first lady you rock
very honest fun..!!! thank you
What could have been.
Go public against your husband and his administration.  You're above this disaster and deserve peace
Thank you Melania, for visiting these children. You are kind and generous with your time, great example. BEST first lady! Praying for you!!!
You are truly a beautiful person!!!!!!!
you seem like such a nice person. how the hell did you get stuck  with ths looser,  is the money that gd? i guess for a billion, HUMMM
Nice to see you in your element having fun with children
Thank you for being such a wonderful person and flotus
You have no business talking about bullying
Your husband @POTUS is the worst bully in the USA
Start fixing him then you'll have credability
The first ladies expression is so warm.  That's not fake.
What an inspiring First Lady!
Aw wish we could mail you ! Some great thoughts. I had some great thought yesterday for you,God bless! Would love to say how proud I am of U
did you have any very good answers?
Super awesome first lady thank you for helping kids.
You do realize that is a black child you are holding. Pretty sure your hubby will disapprove
Real class! Schools in session jealous little pinko commie snowflakes!
https://produto.mercadolivre.com.br/MLB-695610293-biquini-de-croch-com-bojo-somente-parte-de-cima-_JM …
We love you Melania
Thank you Melania for all you do.  Such a great first lady!
THANK YOU for making America proud of our First Lady!  Blessings on your family!
Wonderful!
Hopefully your caring attitude will
Rub off on D.T.!  Nice photo!
So nice to see you smiling
Irresponsible parenting letting any of your ilk near children.
Woman are often the best ambassadors. Men the best Presidents.
What a wonderful flotus


Did you teach them to marry a bully who calls people names and tweets hitting people in the head with a golf ball. Flotusidiot #resist
Love our FLOTUS
Simply not true.
You're AWESOME
Melania is very beautiful and very clever !!!
No one in their right mind would let you. your racist husband or your criminal family near their children #TrumpResign
Good Jop , athanks
so nice!
I truly believe that when the wife of the POTUS start working on her own career - means that she doesn't agree w the policy of her hubby
But were you smart enough to answer them correctly?

Good job Mrs Trump! 

You are so good to the children.
Never before has our country been blessed with such an awesome @FLOTUS!  #WeRBlessed!
Wonderful
@FLOTUS Thank you for caring about kids, regardless of race. #peaceinAmerica #Love #Lordhavemercy #privateinvestigator
We all strive for the same things. Love and safety with the chance to pursue happiness. Stay focused Americans.
Retired teacher, wish I could go watch you work
So blessed 2 have such a kind hearted caring person as our @FLOTUS . God bless you and ur family. 

Melania Trump's anti-bullying speech did not go down well http://huffp.st/6TYtMNK  
Nice to see you smile. You look painfully unhappy when you are with your husband. That's why some post things about escaping. God bless you.
Can you at least tweet something worth reading? The First Lady don't speak English, how did she pass the citizenship test? #terminator
You know your a woman why are you just letting all this happen take control of your man
Beautiful first LADY!
God Bless you FLOTUS and Thank You.
@FLOTUS is the most active First Lady since  Eleanor Roosevelt.
 God Bless
I bet this wasent her idea
Most of the time she hangs at the side on these gigs with a plastic smile, never utteting a word or showing an emotion. Like a blow up doll.
How can we NOT respect & love our First Lady?  May Christ continue to be glorified through her as she touches lives,  a strength to POTUS!
Dont listen to the hating left. Your an amazing person and our first lady. God bless you, and your husband ma'am. MAGA 2020!!!
Thank you @FLOTUS for causing liberal heads to explode all across the MSM!
Thanks for your caring!!!

I like this picture. Girl- I know you can run in stilettos. Do it- as far & as fast as you can.
Trump administration! Great role models
You are soooo beautiful
Beautiful First Lady
Love you dear First Lady and your family!  Thank you for being such a wonderful example of a First Lady!
You are a wonderful first lady and we love you do not listen to the media
Genuine First Lady!
Thank you for visiting with the students. POTUS/Rep want to cut education budget. Your thoughts?
A model with an unknown future does not constitute a stripper
It is wonderful to see you with such a huge smile. It seems you really enjoyed your time there.
Excellent work 
Good picture of Malania & kids..
