Melania please tell your husband we expect him to honor his promises on immigration.  Thank you.
I don't know who or what is undoing my retweets and all of my likes on the first ladies Twitter account but it keeps happening over and over I'm having to retweet Andre like everything why is this happening to me I wish this would stop it's really frustrating
Did you and @realDonaldTrump write your check yet?
Super
What about Costa Rica...it's part of the United States of America
Costa Rica it’s not part of USA  that’s Puerto Rico 
#FreeMelania
This absolutely heartbreaking to see on how many people lost everything in #HurricaneIrma we Florida people appreciate you being here! #MAGA
Thank you
Cleaning up that social media with distractions from the truth disgrace to this country both of you.
BILLIONS OF BLESSINGS I AM OLD PREACHER IN MÉXICO PRAYING FOR YOU 
CAN U SEND HELP?
Why do these poor souls continue to have children?
Please send help to Rockford
Florida needs help frm @potus! luv frm Naples, Fl
It is rewarding to get those monkeys out of the Whitehouse
No damage. Fine Yvette Anne Marion handfield Albert Gerald was told that government hurricane named Annette and DoD
In politics this is commonly referred to as the Bush flyover. Not a good look Melly Mel.
Thank you for visiting Florida. We love and appreciate you!!! #MAGA 
Looks exactly like bruce jenner
You know Melania doesn't write her own tweets because they are not in broken English. She has lived here for how long and no English classes
Who thinks she really writes this stuff? This is obviously written by a lowly staffer.
Luckily most Dems can only attack her in one language. Not all 6 she speaks. #jealous
she doesn't. She lied.
Your proof?  What an ignorant, classless thing to say.  Prove she lied. Or learn some manners.
She made money as a model and Trump is trashy how?  Obama went golfing during a crisis. You are both jealous and spiteful.
Put up or shut up.

Really Melania? Did you see the water that Harvey and Irma destroyed lives? Something that 45 does every day! lie to the American people. 
Dont wear your high heels if you are actually going to do something.
She changed into tennis shoes before she got off the plane.  Don't be sheep
Dem Party & d #HolySpirit gave me Revelation on my @BrookeBCNN's #birthday d prophecy of Deut. 28:38 gived Haggai 1:6 gives ur husband
#MAGA.   #FLORIDASTRONG
Sad
That's our First Lady!  Big heart.
Melania you are the absolute best #flotus45 we have ever had. God bless you and yours.

Nothing about Puerto Rico and the USVI?
Is America with Puerto Rico????? @FLOTUS
You are such a caring First Lady ...I live in Florida, Thank-you so much ...
I wonder who she was wearing on this trip.
Thank U Melania Yes-1.1 million ppl living in rural Fl hit hard...still flooded - no Fema yet Buckingham FL
C video https://www.facebook.com/scarlett.collier.1 …
@POTUS @VP please get monetary aid to our fellow Americans so they start restoring and rebuilding. It's heartbreaking looking at these pics.
What about the forest fires in California Oregon Washington? Is there no mention of natural disasters outside of Republican States?
Learn to speak English, you fraud.
Stop the BS. Send money

It's a nice feeling when you know that some one loves you,.. 
God Bless Our Brothers and Sisters in Florida!
Can you give up some of your money for cloths and shoes to help out?
Thank you
WOW! YES America is with you!And everyone will help rebuild as thy can,as there is much to do. Donate! I just dropped off essentials
Take off your heels, roll up your sleeves & get busy & not handing out bananas  #PatheticLeadership #AmericaCanDoBETTER #RepealAndReplace
femer bone, must kick in,opps, um.
opps.much work to do, sad very sad,
George Harrison momento, why oh why,
wonderveonder, uh oh, commandos.

I guess you forgot about Florida and have moved on
Pls consider expanding Civilian Conservation Corps training and operated by small businesses for youth wanting to learn trades.
Haven't you been deported yet?
Let Trump be Trump  MAGA
Keep up the good work. Bhanu Raval.  Chicago.
Has your husband made any false promises of giving of his own money yet?Which was the lying amount?We know he never really gave in Texas
We're with Florida but not you or your con artist husband. Luckily you both will be gone soon.
Except that your hubby is cutting funds to FEMA and Coast Guard cuz you know THE WALL. And oh yeah have to fund tax cuts for the rich.
Yeah, good luck with that as you FORGET Puerto Rico. What country did your package originate from? #MyPerceptionMyReality
My 12 year old daughter would love to know how she can help.
There is a town Named Lehigh Acres in Lee county. Although we have recibe some help and it's appreciated. My town get very little coverage.
Elegance looks good on u!keep it up.
I love you how much I have been hurt when this happened to you dear heart
loveləv
Praying for Forida and Texas. Do not forget about the fires in Oregon, Washington and California. The POTUS or FLOTUS, NEVER mentions those.
Because fires in the West are cyclical. Having lived there for many years, I can truthfully say that it's yearly event. Rainy vs dry season
Thank You Mrs. Trump @FLOTUS.  You're a wonderful First Lady, in fact one of the best we have had in a very  long time.  God Bless.....
Joke
Joke?  About What ?
I see you learnt how to talk
Ohhhh William is that you talking.
Thanks for nothing
Thanks for nothing racist
I am with you and the President. Lots of people  in wv love and support you
Thank you Melania for everything you're doing to stand around and be seen during this time of crisis. 
Filthy stinking aftermath of the flood where residents only have the clothes they stand up in, she turns up in immaculate white trousers
Those people have had no AC & unable to shower, which must have been an annoyance to her.
I've been through flooding it's a horrific experience the smell of stagnant water & the filth & deprivation is soul destroying.
Congratulations for being the first Lady of USA, and being part of making USA Great Again
Tell USA future such havoc prevention measure that are permanent. I stopped in parts of network,Ca.Again floods coming soon at CA near lapaz
America will never be great again.too much government corruption period
Sue them in Court
. You mean "the dump" ?
Must have been nice to be home for dinner. You and Donald don't know shit about suffering. Privileged lucky stripper is all you are 
Horrible destruction! So glad your husband is @POTUS so they have fed and military help ASAP!
I've seen your boobs
Aw she working so hard we never hear or see her. Another loooooser
Was any damage trump holdings
Doesn't matter. You stick figure art girl is calling you
What doesn't matter and whose stick girl
ALL those DACA people & their moms, dads, aunts, uncles....third cousin removed by marriage you are going to give AMNESTY to can rebuild it
Chairman Rep. Dan Rostenkowski used 2 cut deals all d time w/US prez of d opposing party like former Pres Ronald Reagan @GeorgeHWBush & even
Liberals lost. No deals. He will continue to fake out the democrats. They are so stupid. Skipped civics
This is My President,   he care and My First Ladies ,  she Care
Wear are you’re flippers?  I used your dolt husbands grammar for impact
We are all surrounded and surrendered before nature's God,don't worry Jesus will save America.He never fails.
Yup.  Just like he saved Florida and Texas.  Somebody must have baked some cakes for same sex couples.

Thank you Mr and Mrs President.  Prayers from PA are with Florida and Irma victims.  #Irma #Harvey
Thank you to First Lady....
Thank you, thank you, you're the best! 
What does that even mean!?  Since 1845 (172 years) Florida has been one of the "UNITED STATES" of AMERICA.
What does that mean, exactly: "we are with you"??? Platitudes. Seriously.
Make yourself useful and make another porn movie!
What is she doing?
Thank http://you.You  and @POTUS have been awesome.This has been exhausting but the nations moral support means everything.
Thanks so much!
DUH......
God Bless all those affected
You're not that in touch to even think that way. You could care less.
She cares far more the Michelle Obama ever did. She is doing great as FLOTUS keeping America strong and Faith in humanity and God in America
Hope they get their homes fixed ASAP.  Those mega home parks are amazing,  really efficient use of space!  
Most double wides "trailers" are installed 3 to 4 feet above a prepared surface. Hopefully this mitigated the flooding to some in this vid

upsetting @HillaryClinton d last years election!! I saw Hillary talking 2 @AC360 last night w/her explaintion but d #HolySpirit of GOD gave
Hillary is irrelevant. Done. Over. Move along. Never be anything but a killer.
FLOTUS use nat'l guard from all states to rebuild Fla & Tex. Businesses will donate.
Christine Mcmullin
Farmington Missouri
I am so proud to call you our First Lady. Beauty and Grace is what has been missing from the Whitehouse.
Well, America should be with Florida since Florida is a state in America...or did you not know that?!!!
How stupid ate you? No that's not a challenge
Wouldn't it be easier @FLOTUS to build a wall to keep the water out. #ClimateChangeIsReal  #Irma
A wall that would actually do good because it's necessary
We need power!!!
You wear your super cool hurricane shoes?
Ugh.. to bad your not an American. Aren't you getting deported w daca
Can they pump that out? Stupidest president ever!
So a girl on ESPN acted like you did to Obama, and you feel the need to attack ESPN.  So you can dish out shit, but you can't take it.
Took you nearly a month to actually SEE flooding caused by the hurricane. Was this only because Donald owns property in Florida?
You need to catch up with the real news (not CNN).They were in Florida as soon as they could without interfering with rescue efforts. Sto
Unlike you, I don't have one news source. He didn't show this kind of support for Texas, but then again, he doesn't own property here.
Thank you Melanie for caring so much!!! Keep up the great work and be strong!
Good bless usa
Oh please! You are nothing to this country but arm candy for your repulsive sugar daddy. You don't hold a candle to Michele Obama.
Thank you for your prayers, @FLOTUS

Faith and Patience ...
Love you Beautiful and kind hearted FLOTUS!!
(vomit)
Go away
So Sad... God is whit all of you Naples. 

@POTUS Not only America, but the world is with em
I'm sorry; I look at your tweets and just can't help how disingenuous they ring.
 Thank you!
Oh for fuck sakes, have you tried any sort of "hooked on phonics" and did you find your papers yet?
So nice to have a genuine American with intelligence and compassion as my FLOTUS!!
And then back to a world of 8,000 dresses. So what r u doing for those who lost everything?
Such a beautiful lady. Thank you @FLOTUS. Even in the face of all the hateful people you shine. GOD BLESS YOU AND @POTUS45____. #TRUMP2020
We are vulnerable but resilient! #MAGA 
Wow, just imagine if it sat there like Harvey did on Texas I have not seen fl Neighbors helping others like tx people helped their neighbors
We appreciate you and all that you do for our country
So take off your stilettos  and get out there and work!
So tell me Melania, since you are worth millions how much time and personal money did u contribute? Nothing!
Please remind your husband not to grab any women by the p***y down there in Naples
Thank you for the visit and lifting people's spirits. You are one classy lady.
Americans are hardworking lets rebuild to a stronger code as weather is life and people like where they live! God Bless America!
What about Texas US Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico? Did your mansion get "$17 million" damage? #MuellerIsComing
I can't believe how many delusional people on here reply how wonderful they are. He is dividing our nation. She is complicit.
Safe journey!
Go look at the Keys.

McMaster's disinfo buddy @ThomasWictor, who conned many of you, got busted spreading a hoax about the NSC. 
Thank you Mr Trump for taking the time to show everyone that you care. MAGA 
He doesn't, Tamera.
Wow! 
So what are u going to do about it?Forget your terrorizing husband.Stand up.Be a First Lady. Have your own meaningful agenda. It's been 9 mo
You are precious! you are too cute for words. Euros and Americans usually call USA America, I'm sure you are smart enough to know that.
Thanks for taking away valuable resources that could have been helping people! All for a Photo Op and to sell $40 hats.
Just a Floridian seeing people suffer.

I want to be a volunteer
Contact http://UMCOR.com  for ways to help.
-Love our beautiful FLOTUS!
Wow, Love You.......Beautiful!
Then tell your  goofy husband to stop obsessing  about the wall.  Use the money to aid the people in Texas, Florida & our Carribean citizens
Thank you Mrs. First Lady!
Thank You! 
GOD BLESS YOU MELANIA... WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH... PLEASE PRAY FOR US IN CANADA... WE REALLY NEED YOUR HELP IN THIS REGIME!
America isn't with you though. Or your moron of a husband
You're not alone Melania, we despise your husband as much as you do.
your ass look good in those white pants!
I saw the nice flats on your feet today! You got the message about CLASS and HUMANITY! Now talk to your husband! And block @Omarosa45 ! Sad!
.there's an easy FIX, STOP the over development on flood plains and KEEP people OUT OF THEM
Do you speak kiswahili too?
You can't wear  #heels to work though
Amen, praying! 
Wow amazing footage please help that state
