Why?  Why are you going? You serve no purpose and don’t you have a son to raise?
Did u ask the same of Mrs. Obama when she traveled? Isn't your side about women's equality? Yet, here you are making such sexist comments!
I’m asking this of the Mrs President so can you kindly piss off! You don’t know me. Do you know her?  I doubt it.
It's not my 4giveness u should seek, or worry about. As 4 judgement, let go of the hate & anger! U'll feel so much better!
I’m not letting go of the injustice and inequality they are perpetuating. I will fight that as long as it exists.   I wish you well.
"Injustice & inequality they r perpetuating"???  Ok, now I know there's no getting through.  Good luck carrying all that hate & anger!
Thank you for being our FLOTUS, we are so lucky to have you, your grace and kindness is such a joy to see...#MAGA
What's laughable is your follower count...keep trying

It was locker room talk. Ever been in a locker room? Ever lift weights? Ever do anything masculine?
Are these the same liberals that walked around with Pu--y hats on screaming how nasty they are...

Hey numb nuts. No sexual abuses have ever been proven against Trump. They don't exist. Idiots like you can only lie about it.
Hey since you are going maybe you can ask your husband to stop bullying online? You should really have that convo soon.
Our President is truth telling.  It’s not bullying when he is setting out the facts!
Truth telling??  Where have you been?  Your brain must be on vacation!!
Oh bless your heart.
Yeah. I’m kind of a dick
Haters goin to hate
No one gives a shit. And I strongly suspect none of them wants to see you. Get yourself & your basic crook-ass husband out of our government
You do Americans proud when you represent us as First Lady thank you 

 = 
We love you Melania  you represent our country so well !!! 
what a class act answering those questions from a fake news media.
You are not a First Lady! You’re irrelevant in so many ways!
Tell Donnie to try the puffer fish
Safe travels. 
#TMobileMVP  fl0w3r
Welcome to Japan. Please enjoy the beautiful Japanese culture and scenery. Please take care until you arrive.
This is big mike truck driver love you guys be safe
Enjoy. Doesn't look good when you guys return.
Don't come back!
My father fought 2 wars, what did your husband do?
RT Trump threatens our Constitution, our freedoms, & our lives. It’s time to begin impeachment proceedings. Join us
Ahahaha!  I’m triggered!!!
Our nation is so lucky that your our First Lady,  and please keep doing what your.   Your simply elegant and graceful.   Yours truly Red J
...keep doing  what your doing... and it is Rev. J.   please my errors in my last tweet.   I'm so embarrassed.
Have fun and be safe.
@FLOTUS Proud to have you as our First Lady.
Wear this #Can'tBelieveSheIs1stNotLadyLike
Really? She has Class, Style, Brains, Speaks 5 languages, & Is The "BEST FIRST(OR ANY) LADY OF ALL TIME. YOUR A SAD JEALOUS PERSON.
WE LOVE . YOU GREAT FIRST LADY.   
Your Doing So Very Much Good for Our Country.Thank You. Ignore the Nutcases. They are Misinformed.So Sad.
Hello Asia here comes the “Hand of Hope” stirring up world problems. Hold your breath!
Melania sei sublime, sei Grande degna di essere Fisrt Lady
That little head of yours down below is doing the talking. 
She was still doing it till she marry Trump
Please continue to promote your anti-cyberbullying campaign. You'll be seated next to the biggest cyber bully on the planet on Air Force 1.
I find it pretty hypocritical of people commenting about cyber bullying, yet you all tweet such hateful, angry comments!
I find it funny that you're supposedly so "patriotic", yet you are walking around with the American flag on your feet. #hypocrites
She probably doesn't even know she's not supposed to do that or why, Trump supporters are not very swift thinkers.
show me where it says you aren't allowed to wear patriotic attire!  You folks really need to educate yourselves.
US Flag Code Section 4(D). Educate yourself.
Don’t you love when people tell you to educate yourself only to discover that it is they who need to be schooled?
Don't u love it when some1 pretends 2 b offended by patriotic only 2 find out they support groups that actually burn & stomp the !
First time I have read your tweet.. can not believe the cheap shot comments...
Press forward and take care of The Trumpster.
You and the President have my heartfelt thanks. Those of us with vision understand and appreciate all that you do. You have the safety and security of the country at heart. And true Americans acknowledge this. God bless you and yours. Enjoy the trip.
Godspeed to you and @realDonaldTrump as you travel to Asia! We love and appreciate all that you do for our country! 
Have a nice taxpayer funded vacation!
obviously have NO idea how important this trip is.
Or how many taxpayer funded vacations the Obamas took.
not going tit for tat. That’s just as bad as him. It’s a stupid comment. Don’t be him.
There’s no risk of that. My parents both come from large families, so my extended family is quite large and shares the same values, 1/2
with the once exception being my brother. While I care for ou elderly parents, he can’t be bothered to pick up the phone.  Hang on, one more
Thank you for representing America so graciously. MAGA.
Please tell your husband to not embarrass America!
Right. Like when @BarackObama bowed to the Saudi King. So embarrassing.
Orange man wish he was as well received
Seriously? That’s all you’ve got? Making fun of a person’s skin color. Seems you’re quite a bigot.
Eat one
Hey here is an idea to promote "Anti Bullying" pick a day and have everyone wear a pink shirt for the day.
You are doing great! Don't listen to the haters.

You're a hater. go away.
We’re not expecting much. Just make sure you’re dressed appropriately! PLEASE! Do they know the Asian do’s and don’ts?Hope so!Good luck!
Ignore the haters and just keep being the kind,loving First Lady you are and keep working on keeping Mr. President on task and being a President we can be proud of. I am a big supporter and do believe that@POTUS is very capable,he just needs to keep class in doing so :-)
Praying for your family to have safe travels
Yes, we need @POTUS @FLOTUS as we want you to sign Paris Climate change agreement in 2018 . #parisAgreement #bathpill .We skips a bath 4 him
Ahahaha! Yeah that’s funny!
S.funny but seriously it saves.Skipping a bath saves 5 gn water, electricity, co2 emission. Yes it’s a bit but one comes in flow to save.try
Hey, where is water going? Our planet like 70% water. Where is it going?
Oh dear! Let me guess, Andrei, you failed/skipped science class, right?
I skip bath from 3 years on every alternate day. 
Are you and #DonaldTrump enjoying your tax payer paid vacay? 
Good luck 
So proud of our First Lady! You're doing great work, Melania!
Love you Flotus
Such a beautiful and classy First Lady. I thank the Lord for sending the Trumps to the White House. They are a breath of fresh Air.
Please convince @POTUS that he can only hurt the USA with his continued intransigence.  He needs to resign immediately and help STOP PUTIN.
My apologies to the people of Asia for your visit.
You are in no position to apologize for greatness #MAGA , only for your pathetic mindset!
Anyone who supports Trump is an idiot.
Wow, you guys really need to spruce up your out house... you're living in stink...
Yes you are a deluded bot... but there is help for that... it's called DBA... Deluded Bots Annonymous!
Making up your own narratives does not change truth....NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA HAS BEEN FOUND, now Hilary on the other hand...
We love OUR lovely FLOTUS!
Speak for yourself. They are going down
Speak for yourself. Might as well speak for our country it seems you always do 
My family and I think you're the greatest Mrs. Trump! Praying for you all on this important trip!
@realDonaldTrump @VP
Guess he didn't like the first two Mrs. Trump's
Fill in the blank:
'Let him who ___ cast the first stone.'
#JudgeNot
I'm Jewish #Torah
So is the Person who said those words Natalie.
Jesus was not a prophet, messiah or son of God #Heretic
Natasha, He--who is regarded my many as the Greatest Teacher Who ever lived--taught that He is all of those things
Have a safe trip!
All these Christians who hated Michelle for no reason but the color of her skin but praise a homewrecking skank who has shown her tits 2 all
Have fun Melanie, we are praying for a wonderful trip for you and our President
Please don't embarrass this country when you get there. Don't forget Trump didn't Marry you for your intellect. Just stand there and smile like you always do unless someone brings up a subject that you can comment on.
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …

So nice to have a beautiful well dressed First Lady again!
We had one! Michelle Obama who didn't spend $4,100 for a pair of shoes or $2,800 for a simple white blouse.
It's her money,if she wants to spend her money that way,its her choice. It's not coming out of our tax dollars
Praying for you and @POTUS @realDonaldTrump to have safe travels. May God bless your time there. Godspeed! #FLOTUSinAsia #POTUSinAsia
I second that!  Safe journeys!  Love from my entire family 
God bless and have a great trip!  TY so much for all you are doing!  We appreciate you!MAGA!!
How old are u @april_aries42 ?  Don't you have anything intelligent to say?
Maybe lay off Twitter & read a book!  Or at least ask an educated adult 2 review ur tweets b4 posting. That way people can take u seriously!
Well, it's nice to see you finally using more words and less emojis.  Good job.  Keep it up!
You make us proud First Lady... you are loved by many!
Please tell your husband, that he and you, make us so proud!!  You are both showing strength and kindness - what America is all about!
Only if you are a racist traitor
Oh, so you do realize that Hawaii is not part of Asia!
You do realize that every PRESIDENT goes to HI to visit the USS Arizona and lay a wreath!  Educate yourself before spewing ignorance.
THANK YOU, Crystal!  MAGA 
Please don't come back.
I can't wait for your family's impeachment.

#FirstHooker
#POS_FLOTUS 
#LockThemUp
did u have to Google their names to remind yourself.

Please try & contain your husband & not get us into a nuclear war.
Be careful I don't trust Kim jong ok voodoo I told Mr trump leave at home so be it xx voodoo
Sounds fun, sometimes the wives will tell you stuff ? 
Make us proud
Welcome to asia
Safe travels Mrs Trump.
Looking forward to seeing your #outfits. You are always so immaculately dressed and #stylish. Some must be regretting their #petty #spite.
God Bless you both.... MAGA
https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3D9YcB7PI1RFA&h=ATOX1RKf0ltjbFa6cPUsFFLLajoP9Z4JwpCJ2_VM9m0T5oV2XDM4ytspJoENTAAzUMcG0RKw5x47B2uwCpM73-NBsmTA24hSOQM1vkLW4HgBf2cSN4pQNfIysy8iSFu7KIS9GAVgdDw&enc=AZNqIwn0KWPAOCEFaJcRXCcjScbEtOJA-HtaaS_DJlxcAi2gfDq_2RJzqR1hfgc8UazLF5eSLUZl9getaZQclZQU2IONjv04W4d3VKIEjRDmXixq9S0RwEetjBPGWBSpoxcGWq-TPvC1vrvVqqSQlqBAGyoOz0L_AXC0WiAOh7cugWHnUA3Ucksitd_PpQ3fHhHD5IfAo9wbXsFTWyxbD431_wR7k3kxCyD2jdoKH3uXsuzt5sQ3vQgBblla3ltGv-PHStzZcXxhqfrjQiSCErTrDDbcQqc8LYUryPVI_79TB5ZmvQlc24TDkD2au9c0uT_1n0N57W3mY4IhDb8R4j_hQ6Ni_8Z_mSMJN3d79T3I_C3-_tp1Z08Legz762an6zi4yDMYWTbSH6FHuNqP6DQyE_kw-upt0w1nGItht1_e4g&s=1 …
God bless you and President Trump.
I sure the Trump family does what the rest of us do laugh at the negatives and how the act like the Obama and Clinton's family
And i am sure they are looking forward to seeing our Beautiful and graceful first lady of USA again as well Love our FLOTUS
Love you
We love you FLOTUS
Make sure your husband doesnt make any passes at anyones wife like in France.
Hi Malania, enjoy your travel.
Asia so busy busy! It reminds us how lucky we're to be living in, not so highly populated cities!!
May Lord be with you and President Trump,give you wisdom and guideance and protection.
On your way to Asia to support a treasonous president and you have no ability to stand behind cyberbullying while making excuses not to
He's quite a 'catch', isn't he?
Go Global First Lady Squad! The ladies will solve the world problems on their own without the boys! Go get 'em! 
you are the president's best friend
I know you will make us proud Mrs. President!
So proud that you represent the best of #USA
Madame Lady, I do hope you have a lovely trip.

@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse TRY DROPPING DONNY OFF IN NORTH KOREA. MAKE AMERICA GREAT. PLEASE.
Thank you for being so concerned about others.   God love you.
didn't know you had a voice
Hopefully you'll wear something more appropriate than stilettos and a mini skirt
Hopefully, you find something real to speak up about....shoes and skirts? Really important there!  Thanks for helping the USA!!!
IT SEEMS THAT YOU ALL ARE GOING ON A BUSINESS TRIP. NOTHING FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
Business trip? North Korea is ready to Nuke our country They r going 2 Rally the nations against that little fat Korean kid Wake the fuck up
Thank you First Lady Melania 
Its important 2 have ‘people’ with U who can tell U who U R meeting with & especially how 2 spell their names. Very good Melania. Well done.
Better protect their pussy’s from your husband
Who's FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP 
https://twitter.com/Veronica0618/status/927575214270976001 …
#HopeHicks
Wife & the mistress under one roof. This can't be good.

@MelaniaTrump & #HopeHicks attend official dinner in Japan http://dailym.ai/2ApkGJg 
First, try speaking English for once
And how many languages do you know? English and Stupidity?
Just you and your husband injoy every single day America needed someone outside there little bubble 
DONALD TRUMP
Real sant rampal  g
Wondering if Japan's 1st Lady will again 'not speak/understand English'?
Lets hope that orangutang husband of yours doesn't embarrass you ...
Stay there please.
Sweetheart say hi
So proud to have you as FLOTUS representing America with grace, style and kindness.  Thank you and @POTUS for all you're doing for the USA!
Will you be visiting the sweat shops that manufacture your husband’s ties?
I would expect the other First Lady counterparts are looking forward to seeing you again, too, @FLOTUS. Have a wonderful time!
You are so sweet and beautiful
you look beautiful! Stay safe and make sure to get rest!
Thank you!

Enjoy @FLOTUS u will shine for us as u all ways do
Take care Melania have a awesome time

You look beautiful as always...thank you representing us!! 
Ask for sanctuary.
Please do us a favor and leave Donald there.your welcome back just leave him behind ok?
Suck it Thomas, this is really a waste of time and Positive Energy
I wonder how many haters here support all the anti-bullying campaigns? Don't like her, don't follow, very simple! #FLOTUSinAsia #FLOTUS
what anti bullying campaign she said that would be her platform but her husband is a bully so she had to switch
God Bless and have safe travels, we are proud of you and President Trump
Bog vas blagoslovi FLOTUS!
Have a safe and uneventful time. Prayers to you that your time there is great !

#PUSSYGRABBER
https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DoTDxX4sUPIU&h=ATO7bhQWZDMm103Vj16aLRRqb0JCiLHifFXL2UgmN-nkv7YNedV8as4DaVR2nyrAXKKLo_NwOETi9wbhW8w7_45FFCJGjQwRVAneS0jNMHh3MdQekFNAOCgwEU2vuWuo59Y7UP4tcNQ&enc=AZMbTVnyWNBZJTQiw3LX_JR143aL0q3Ux2PcjRdv-JKYr4RJd4G9V5uzsXXyOMIvF6u8g1Kz4qp15bTgBl30T_IxgYZBEObW_uvr5tNUXJwj_qmwk7i37LCdOM2U_PO3oH-KKIWtz_QlwsctpT3gGrXrZLzbqVYT0StQXBnuAIdgJk5UEQbPfI8RdNRhFt7M6WzCW0LI25H1doYJu79RaPut2fW3d9WgmvtFdnnv7Ar2Q-GQx7YH6Vub6Kd1bK5ak1MJqN6UzGOPKTzhVvMdZqzz-wLkWVfFV_yvE-LorJUudTFUNLowef6lm4KiJnutnCvoPG1euKhz8AV9S56AqgpzIkM1YGA4cnU9aDDVMLlA8dQOUYLdd1HybGLJiQJZvmHh6cWSJ9dtDPoJmNsXi8BmSTYBJHBNowD_4-PR0ioQlw&s=1 …
Did you ask your potus to apologize to Golf Star Widow Johnson? You apologize for him that would be nice

LEAK: Google Employees Support Discrimination Against Conservatives
http://www.breitbart.com/tech/2017/11/03/leak-google-employees-defend-discrimination-against-conservatives/ …
 Have a safe trip, we adore you 
Thank you for being our first lady so proud that you represent the United States with your husband
See I told you. Not a first lady. Not even a first porn star.
You are precious! We love you! 
Maybe you can learn something from them!  LOL
You look wonderful, lovely sweater coat!!!  I love Japan. Dõmo Arigatõ for honoring our American troops. You are MAGA FLOTUS & POTUS!
Stay safe.

We are so proud of you and our POTUS. MAGA
Trolls go get a job.
Sorry you have to join your husband... no where good enough for you.... sad
very good
Gorgeous First Lady you are so great - just smile from time to time - please - you are too serious 
Have a safe trip!
The Most Corrupt President in History The Most Corrupt Family Ever #TrumpCrimeFamily TrumpRussia
Be safe.  Praying for successful contacts and safe return.
Sounds exciting
Stay strong and  safe.
You are doing great! 
It doesn’t seem like a Melania tweet. I think Trump tweeted this. It looks like a trump tweet
Thank God it's you and President Trump representing this country
Does Donnie still catch you by your Pussey.
Have a great time
Indonesia? 
You are doing a wonderful job! So proud of you & our President. 

We R embarrassed UR lying husband represents America, we R embarrassed U represent America. U both look so uncomfortable, unqualified, unfit
