You make us deplorables very proud @FLOTUS . GOD bless.
Of course she's not Michelle! Melania is proud to be an American & we're proud to have her as our First Lady! #MAGA 
It's true for millions of us! What issues do you have with her now and in her past?
I'd say that's a very brave thing for her to do. How are you helping in that area?
How is her statement combative?
Thank you should go to Michelle Obama. You might want to have the manners politeness and graciousness to thank Her for the garden. Manners
Is it fun knowing your hubby will be responsible for 1,000s of childrens deaths if #Trumpcare #GrahamCassidy pass?
Are you talking about the children in the womb? Obama was ok slaughtering them But President Trump is against it.
Trump is ok with letting living,  breathing children die.   A woman's choice is before there is an actual breathing baby, which I agree with
I'm sure you are ok with a baby being slaughtered as long as it's done right before it takes its first breath.
 allowing a woman to make the decision whether to bring a baby into a world that wouldn't allow it to have healthcare like #GrahamCassidy
Well then she should have the right to kill her baby after its born. Why should she have to be responsible?
It must make your job so much easier to have the class of @MichelleObama setting things up for you to plagiarize
oh in that case Michelle stole as well. Abigail Adams has 1st garden in 1800s.So much plagiarizing going on don't ya think

So happy to have you as our First Lady l have been a Trump supporter from day one and so proud of you and the President for the work you do.
Go back where you came from
So lovely to see you taking great pleasure in this with the kids.
She can't catch a break. Liberals are always going to find something wrong with her. I for one am so proud of her.
Obama couldn't catch a break being called the n-word, monkey and a tranny for 8 years
Stealing that from @MichelleObama too I see. Do you have any thoughts or actions of your very own?
Actually, the first White House garden was planted in 1800. It has changed throughout the years, personalized by the First Ladies.
She's a country girl. She's a real for sure Country Girl. And she's our COUNTRY GIRL. 
Gardens are beautiful. So amazing to plant a seed & watch as it become a fruit or vegetable.
How lovely  
Did Michelle invent gardening?
She "invented" that garden and a nutrition program.
I  Gardens! I have Rosemary, mint, aloe vera, a banana tree (was a tiny cutting), cherry tomatoes~I grew from seeds, + pretty white flowers & a palm (I found both & nurtured back to health)~Now aboard my humble yacht Crown Prince bc it snowed (made helm a temporary Greenhouse)
Merry Christmas! Love to you, @realDonaldTrump & your family, from Mama D aboard Crown Prince. It's not as classy as your tree, but been living humbly so I can overcome disability &finish projects~Book:A Search for Truth & A Resting Place Retreat Center (Christian/Eco-Friendly)
My grandchildren decorated my little Christmas tree. As a mom/grandparent it filled my heart with joy just seeing their smiles, which is priceless. 

May you and your family have the same Joy this Christmas season

Psalm 127:3
Philippians 4:12
Michelle Obama's garden was such a wonderful idea, I'm so happy to see you continuing the path to healthy eating for kids!
Lol!  White House had a garden long before Michelle moved in!!  Educate yourself!!
This is MICHELLES VEGETABLE GARDEN... different than the flotus garden...
I like you soooo much
This is wonderful. Would be nice if you said thank you to @MichelleObama for planting it! Thank you
WHY?
So happy that the Trump's did not dig up the kitchen garden!
Self deport!#fakeflotus
I'm so sorry.
It beautiful the garden of the whire house.
You most likely haven't cooked a meal in decades.
@MsBreadling Meanness gets you nowhere. Try being nice, you can bet it'll make you a better person. Hate drags a person down.
"Especially libs who side with KJU." @vmmadrid meanness gets you nowhere. Try being nice, you can bet it'll make you a better person....
I am speaking truth. The liberals are siding w/KJU solely because they hate our @POTUS. That goes for everyone: Never-Trump, Anti-Trump, etc
I do t think people are siding with KJU but are amused at KJU's ability to usurp Trumps childish name calling intended to demote people
Trump constantly uses negative adjectives to demean, dehumanizes people. Dictators do this to make them easy targers
Targets...this makes him no better person than any other cruel corrupt dictator
Planting Seeds In The Ground, Plants A Garden In The Mind.
Don't think you are in your comfort zone but sincerely appreciate the effort you are making.  You are a good First Lady and good role model.
Thank you Michelle Obama for giving us this garden
Good job Melania 
Marena, you really are no prize yourself.  And I will leave it at that!!
Just an observation
Then don't disrespect the class and elegance of @MichelleObama
Fake is Donny boy and his plastic wife. I feel sorry for you
@MichelleObama thank you for that beautiful garden you started!
That garden has been around since the 1800s.
Yes but nobody put to use like @MichelleObama did with the community.
Forget I ever mentioned it. Your right. That was never done during  the great depression.
It's also you're, which I know already, but thanks.
Another visit from the word police. Guess this conversations over.
Is that obama's garden?
You were amazing today!
Gardens started by @MichelleObama 
Isn't it great to see that her legacy continues and these kids had such a great experience that's what's most important
Every time I see Melania with kids, she is the most happiest. I think that is her special niche.
I love you organic veggies garden so beautiful and healthy.
Thank you for continuing this.
EATN HEALTHY. WASNT THAT THE  PLATFORM MICHELE  O. WRKD SI HARD ON.  N URS FIGHTN INTERNET BULLYN? HOWS THAT GOIN FOR YA  FAKE FLOTUS

hi my grande how are you i m people from Burundi i want to be a friends
Looks like a great day & the kids seemed to be having fun. What a great experience - one that won't be forgotten- looking fwd 2 seeing more
I will love to see the garden
People are gonna have another hissy fit over this
Waiting for the "child labor" comments. @FLOTUS is one loving intelligent classy lady. 
Love the way you put such an effort in with the Children and love the insight into the Whitehouse
Not going to compare your to any other First Lady as you are your own....and doing a great job! Thank you!!
 this bitch want to be Michelle!! 
I wish i could eat healty.it cost so much for fresh food
This is nice but wasn't this lady Obama's focus.
I am so proud of you @FLOTUS A linguist, smart, beautiful businesswoman and a stunning First Lady
I think you dont know what a linguist is. And until she actually becomes fluent in the language of the country she is FLOTUS of...
you hate immigrants that much, or just our first lady?Sound like racist and bigot
Please come to Tennessee and promote healthy school lunches like the French. The lunch room is chaotic and rushed not calm and healthy.
love this one. In my younger years in Oregon, i had a big garden, veggies, and flowers.
Good crop of peppers!
Terrific
I'm glad you continued what @MichelleObama founded.
Pretty sure the garden was there even before Michelle.
No,  it wasn't there.  This was mrs.  Obama's pet project.
Beautiful 
Ol
@MichelleObama did this.  
Healthy eating is great.About bullying. Your husband is the biggest bully on the planet.Can you teach him the skills you me motioned at UN?
You should of mentioned the garden was Mrs. Obama's project.  She is who started it.
What a beautiful and memorable experience for those children. Thank you!! 
Proud Husband showing off wife's Organic Victory Garden. #Legend #VicotryGarden
looking for music composer and Logo Design for your projects
This is what Michelle Obama started!  You stole her speech now this!?!?

On behalf of the NBPA: 
This is so neat. Thank you First Lady Melania
Meanwhile Trump is killing Syrian Children!!??
Copying Michelle again?
Love is Blossoming from the White House thanks to our Beautiful @FLOTUS  and her wonderful helpers. 
Nice to see the garden continue.
#WeThePeople love our @FLOTUS #style #grace #strength #IQ 
She is so good with children!!! Her face just beams around kids. God, bless & protect you, @FLOTUS. You are loved!
Finally I see you doing something nice.
Please help these needy people, they are hungry and waiting for foods & shelters @RedCross @Oxfam @FoodForNeedy
love  u Flotus
Did you show all the sweet children how to boss the kitchen staff.
Did the children teach you how to cook?

Great  Kitchen Garden    Our Beautiful FLOTUS  is one of a Kind  and By that I mean Her Heart is Pure & her Guidance is Kind
Can't believe that BITCH got her nails dirty!
Thank you for keeping the garden
Yeah the White House and America was so much better having a First Lady with a penis.... NOT !
Thank you so much for keeping the garden going.

Please reach out to our military children and their mothers
بشقد كيلو الفليفلة
@SecondLady @WhiteHouse @BGCGW Great job!! You are a lovely lady.
#dumb
Nice tits. Just wished you had brains
Gardening involves getting hands dirty . Something #trumps dont know.
Eu cultiv an Romania asa ceva p o supraf. Fata de 5000 metri
Remember the kids in Chicago 
Great Effort.
Felicitaciones
Wow! Impressed that you kept Michele's garden. Thought for sure that would have been bulldozed. Good for you!
نسالك سوال
You can't hold a candle to Michelle. The Grab Them By The Pussy Commander in Chief is your husband. Just saying. #TakeOutTheTrumpTrash
Thank you, FLOTUS Michelle Obama for this beautiful garden!
The garden was started in the 1800's I doubt MO is that old.
Correct, but MO did more for publicizing it and kids health than any recent FL
Take good care of Michelle Obamas Garden.. she may be back
@steven_kalan Michelle did not invent the garden, it has been there since the 1800's do ur research. I sure hope Michelle doesn't come back
Hate should not be part of a liberals personality yet seems to be a qualifier.
Look at how much happier she is when Donnie is not around. She is happy to be away from him.
You sure posed nude more than Mrs. Obama
Ain't that @MichelleObama garden? U shuld burn it! #partyOverCommonSense
This is awesome. Keep it up.

It's wonderful to see the FLOTUS stepping in to help the children of this country,they need all of the positive support they can get. Thank you from a fellow American and Mom/Grandma :-)
Thanks for keeping @MichelleObama legacy going 
Lol!!  It was started in 1800
COPYCAT!!
Surprised you wore clothes!  Congrats.
not as surprising as you being able to type, you know w/o your meds and the delusions.
Great job! So nice to see a loving wife and mom in the White House again! Bless you!
Looks like so much fun. Great to see the kids out there having fun
Your accent is too heavy. I can't understand you?!?!? Type in ENGLISH! 
Beautiful day! I can see on everyone's face it was truly enjoyed. Keep up the amazing work. All of those sweet & happy faces made me smile
Kudos for being with all the kids out there in nature!!
and thank you. We are so proud of your efforts
Blink twice if your captors are making you dress like lumberjack barbie.
Grow where U R planted!

Thanks Michelle !  She’s plagiarizing you again!
Michelle OBAMA'S lovely garden
please click my link to help out http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=36689  #realDonaldTrump
Grateful for you- praying for you daily
Do you even have an original thought?  Michelle piloted great program for children - does it make up for taking away childrens insurance?
Lookie, lookie the help is taking care of our first lady @MichelleObamas garden . Good little piggie #FakeLadyMelaniaTramp
Who doesn't want there daughter to be a billionaire???
Your husband is bullying people on Twitter. What are you going to do about it???????
Did u thank @MichelleObama for starting the program?
Was Obama alive in 1800?
Lol!!  Do your research before tweeting.  Then you will look less ignorant.
I am happy to see you have continued @MichelleObama's incredible legacy.
history is invaluable, 1st garden 1800s by Abigail Adams many other 1st ladies including HRC, shocked u missed that.
Now that's beautiful
That is awesome, and love it
Tek orff your glasses darlink an LOOK at the little people.
Ok .... Michele Obama ... never!
Michele is way too classy to have a dumbass for a hubby.
Even though im not a fan of her husband i am so proud of Melania for keeping up with Michelle Obama's healthy eating garden. Very good.
1st garden 1800s by Abigail Adams many other 1st ladies as well including HRC, shocked u missed that
Im not an american but im just happy to c tradition has been kept up via who ever is first lady.
bitch stole my speech AND my garden.. haha
Way to go Melania!! Proud to call you my FLOTUS
More fruits veggies nuts seeds whole grains. Meats sugar sat fats salts are killing us and the environment. We need clean water Bravo health

I am so GLAD she is our First Lady!
You can thank Michelle Obama for that.
Phoney,,,,nothing but flaunting her wardrobe...
Did you thank Mrs. Obama. I bet you recall how much heat she took over this. Saying something please
What a nice scene.
*Looks at replies*
I have lost faith in Humanity.
There's such a thing as a WH Gardening Kit! Send me one plz? PM me and I'll let u know where to send it.
After 9-22-17 let's collectively work on impeaching 45!  Start by never voting for anyone who supports 45s legislation! #impeachTrumpnow
 @FLOTUS
Don't you have an original thought in your head. The vegetable garden was Michelle Obamas idea. Pathetic
Thank you MICHELLE OBAMA for the WH vegetable garden. Melania has big shoes to fill.
You are very expiring.
God Bless you Mrs. Trump...America lucky too have you as our FLOTUS
Stealing from the hard work of Michelle again huh?
Have you kept up Michelle Obama's vegetable garden? Bravo and good for you! Many thanks! Now back to Trump depressing thoughts! 
That doesn't make you smart
No one is more beautiful inside and out than Michele Obama.
Melania...use some of that litte brain and run!!..grab your kid and leave!!..your husband is about to start a heavy war
Just awesome what your doing to educate the young future. Our children..Thank you TRUMP FLOTUS
You and #dotard can take all the photos you want with Black kids, you're still white supremacists. #TakeAKneeNFL
Damn! Teaching kids socialized eating. I thought you were different from Michelle.  All us RWingers hate kale!  ;)
Enjoy it while you can...your husband's policies will make it to polluted to grow anything
You are the Disney Princess, an example of beauty, purity, honesty, courage and success! Kids and all of us love you!
U'r missing the most & best AUTHENTIC qualities in Mrs. @realDonaldTrump Humility, Love, Patience, Intelligence, Motherhood & Respectfulness
