trop belle mam'zelle!!!

Very nice.my wife  @KatieBenavides  loves that display.

You criticize this man, but jobs are up, unemployment down, stock market up, economy strong, yet you say trash about him.
Weird, as most of that was effort from the last guy still trickling through - that and international trends. Yet you give him credit for it.
The end is coming with force.
COULD. SHE.  RUN THE WORLD TAKE IS JOB
thousands of $$ for the clothes you wear; some how this look all Wrong.!!
You were Stunning in that gown! Happy 1st year  @FLOTUS  
You looked beautiful that night, the dress was jaw dropping.
http://usa.news-store.com/hp-laptops-found-to-have-hidden-keylogger/ …
You are by far the most beautiful first lady in History since Jackie-O; moreover, it is great seeing you stand by your husband in politics.
Jackie O was beautiful, but her brilliant intellect was overlooked because of the time...no brilliant intellect here!
True Liz.  You have no brilliant intellect.
Oh, but I do...and I also have a right to express my opinion, Colonel...PS Thank you for your service defending that right.
You have the right to express it, question is, what do you gain from being so rude & how does your statement help anyone or contribute anything. FLOTUS is very intelligent & you are very ignorant & nasty.
Melania, you are one very classic intelligent and fashionista First Lady,  so much more than our last First Lady, who dressed like she shopped at Target!
Why are all these old @FLOTUS tweets being retweeted today - does @FLOTUS not have anything better to do #FLOTUSbored
@MELANIATRUMP @amhistorymuseum #Stormy #Divorce
We are honored to have you as flotus,class act
Melania, what if I told you there are sleeves on coats for a reason.
Youre "honored" to donate a piece of clothing that was purchased with a lying crook's $ who mfgs all of his prdts overseas? Bravo
It is stunning
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
A dress? Really? The museum must be hard-pressed for objects to put in the museum. A fucking dress from a hooker FLOTUS whose husband is the fake PEDOPHILE POTUS!! "That's Our White House!"
Sorry. Anyone who marries Donald Trump automatically is disqualified from having ANY grace and class. Lol
Keep it. Nobody want it.
Melania Trump, you #ROCK FLOTUS better than any!

Thank you! 
You are truly beautiful
Thats fine but ur nothing like jackie.
Thnx fast lady ...Sach grace and caring...Ur so beautiful..I'm fan of u...
Who cares?
Japanese likes a president of Trunp and a Merania first lady very much.
Melania, you look great!  More importantly, you have a good heart and I am proud of you for your compassion and concern for others.
Luckily, the compassion & concern is for haute couture (high-end fashion) instead of issues of bullying, health care, or the middle class.
School and state only 43.6% reading on grade level. 4th grade ranked 44th in nation. Devore's crippling other states, now.
Why not auction it off & give the proceeds to the poor? #Ohwait you don't care about America's poor.
Melania Pls donate your Pictures before Trump to Nambia.
i'm old enough to remember when MO wore a sleeveless dress &
people flipped out over it. I'm old enough now to see a #BoobAlert @FLOTUS WTH
#BoobAlert 
Our 1st Lady
When will Jeff Sessions get the boot? He is the reason why the DOJ is so sloppy and allowing killary to roam free and do what ever she want.
Please support the President and his wife. He is probably the best in quite a long time.
Fantastic, God Bless you!

"Couture piece?" Really?
Why do we care?
That was a beautiful dress and you looked beautiful wearing it. #FLOTUS. #MAGA
Barf
I love what you’re wearing here! What designer is the coat?
Beautiful!
Gorgeous dress. Love it
Kee ke you're ridiculous to say our POTUS is racist. No ones falling for this any longer. Go away and learn something .
Beautiful dress!!
Thank you for the wonderful picture of you and @POTUS on Inauguration Day!
Beautiful!

It so graceful, how you tell children to do as you say, and not as your husband does. 

There’s still time for you to save face. #hypocrisy
Yes! Finally! Such a beautiful dress! I'll have to make another trip there soon!
@seanspicer @amhistorymuseum I guess a way to keep yourself in History books! No credibility as a Flotus the Minute U copied another
Did the make you do it? You deserve so much better!
Hãy cùng chúng tôi tại việt nam nhé
I'd discard something your spouse touched too.
votre ami Aymar Davys M'passy
j'aime vos publications
et à ta petite famille
bientôt de choses à toi !
Mélanie femme pragmatique et plein d'initiative

Most elegant and poised first lady since Jackie O.
looking good
The only one they will ever have.  U will be back in NYC on 1/21/21
Should have auctioned it off for charity or hurricane relief.
Why so hateful?Nothing positive from 'you people' The Trumps donated $1M of their own $ to the Hurricane cause! Read the facts.Ck out Biden and Obama donations to charity compared to the Trumps!
Honored to get some of this too?
Gross, I though she might donate her other favorite outfit, nothing 
It’s fabulous! You’re as fashionable as Jackio!
#oneclassyfirstlady!!
L
Best First Lady in a very long time.
If they are taking ur dress, nice to see u didnt dress like a whore this time, they probably need 2 disinfect it of ur stench of corruption
Amazing like .......in Tz
You MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. TY
You are always thinking of others. God bless!
Thank you FLOTUS!
Love her. She deserves respect just like all former first ladies.
A beautiful dress on a beautiful FLOTUS. A beautiful day for Americans. Nice.
So beautiful and cool!!!
She's like a rainbow
You have culture? Just new York white trash never respected by the "society" sorry you married a loser.
It so refreshing to have a Lady in the White House again. The last real lady was Laura Bush. Now we have you. Thank God.
Beautiful FLOTUS.  What an inspiration to our daughters.  #FLOTUS
I can’t wait to see it on my next visit to DC!!
Such a beautiful person and kind soul
You really can't pull this stuff off when everyone knows about your stripper problem:
Wow. Your clothing is on exhibit in a museum.
If you are critizing because of media thats shows your itelligence. If she is showing supoort for America i supoort her or whom ever
I'll spit on it the next time I'm there.
Stunning, elegant dress -- just as the woman @FLOTUS who wore it!  Anyone who doesn't agree is jealous, plain & simple! 
You have brought class back to our White House!!! We love you Melania!!!!
Couture? Excuse me, Americans say dress or clothes, we don't speak couture
Such a beautiful gown!  You looked fabulous in it!
Elegant as always,  very nice First Lady Trump!
Sell it instead and donate the money to the homeless shelters.  #richproblems
Palease

FLOTUS Please start your bullying campaign with your husband,  can't you see he's promoting bullyism.

Beautiful!!
Sexy!!
Lovely... btw if you need help decorating the White House... I’m available !!! Merry Christmas is coming soon !!! #maga Christmas 
It was beautiful
Are you serious?
Proud of our FLOTUS. Thank you

Beautiful like you! Love you FLOTUS!
A moment of a historical  disaster.....
Beautiful picture President and first lady
First lady look very elegant always and pretty
Whatevs
Very proud to have you as our First Lady.  Thank you for all you do.
I just couldn’t be more proud of you  FLOTUS! 
Trump Halloween Costumes
At least your had clothes on...
@realDonaldTrump Call For Investigation Into #Ms35YrsOfFaultyLicensePlates
GORGEOUS as always @FLOTUS!! Elegant and would NEVER EVER say a nasty word on national television like someone else did recently 
Beautiful dress indeed. Horrible, disgusting husband for sure.
Absolutely beautiful and gracious
please donate your husband to some grand hall of fame where he will be SILENT -  satiisfied that he is famous-  and we can be free of him!
Beautiful....love you FLOTUS Melania
@FLOTUS IS FLAWLESS!!
How did u get the smell of "complicit skank" off of it?
Good  what about the poor people
Wow beautiful!
oh please you are not a first "lady" cut the crap
BULLYING STOPS AT HOME!
Please read some of your husbands Tweets is that not BULLYING? HE’S NOT MY PRESIDENT!
If only she was of more use.
Who cares.
#vapidMelania
Oh that’s great! Is this your way of “positivity impacting the lives of children and effecting change”?
Like your husband, you have no honor. What piece did you donate?
Are you serious #honored #honored
Why is this news?
U won't B remembered as a First Lady but as nude pinup&A Fake but Farrah Faucet?HerPosterWasN EVERYlockerRoomIn70s she was genuinely REAL
A shame
I wonder what they will do with the dress once Donald is impeached?
This is a class act! So proud to have you as First Lady.
I'm sure someday people will line up to see the clothing of the former nude model whose husband was tried for treason. Why do you stay w/him
guess what this Senator is talking about YOUR husband
...cause frankly that's all i got to give to America........
Thank is very awesome of you!   Thank you First Lady!
http://fixcashjob.com/?invite=634 
You should speak to your husband the bully in chief before you can be considered serious about this subject in our schools!! :(
What? They didn’t want this outfit?
To draw a larger crowd you could donate your braclet You know the one.. the one where it's the only thing you put on that day...
"And in this case here, this is the clothing they wore to celebrate the beginning of the destruction of the Republic."
So what....
No one could have made such a beautiful dress look even more beautiful.  Thank you FLOTUS for all you do and give.

 
Beautiful deed from our beautiful First Lady.

AHM it belongs in the 'dark days of  History' section.
you are doing great things.
NOBODY CARES.  YOU R A FAKE FLOTUS.

