Get your Husband to HELP PUERTO RICO
He did.
You mean He is, right? Not he did, because they need more Help.
Ya thanks for pointing that out
TY @FLOTUS. You and @POTUS are amazing dealing with all of these important issues and ignoring the ignorant and uninformed minority. #MAGA
You clearly do not know what the word minority means?!? Have u seen his approval ratings? But we ALL know 45ers R in denial so nothing new
Clearly I do. It's the opposite of majority which is who voted for Trump. Don't hurt yourself surfing the internet.
U R saying he got the majority of the votes?!? 3million more American Votes say differently. If U R saying that your head is empty asa belle
Who's the POTUS?
Not from the popular (majority) vote. What do you not get about counting? Did you not go to kindergarten?
You must have flunked kindergarten. Right over your head. One more time..

Who. Is. President?

In other words, your excuses are irrelevant.
Facts are not excuses. That's exactly what is wrong w/ the few 45 supporters left. AKA the minority! His own party dsn't support him anymore
FAKE concern!!!
Sound like America's Mom. Thanks
Speak for yourself. See ya on mother's day
Wow. Maybe ask your husband to help Puerto Rico?? And what exactly are YOU doing to help??
Like ur determination 2 end bullying????  #jokeofa1stlady
Well, she seems to be settling into her role nicely.
Yeah tell your selfish husband that saw PR for himself and threw paper towels at the American people. He’s a  clown
Did you come to your senses and realize your @realDonaldTrump is a BULLY so you moved your platform elsewhere?
Great video message madam 1st lady, I personally think more of those are needed
Holy crap, so many bots out to protect this perfunctory offering. Tell your husband to do what a real leader is supposed to do when Americans are in need.

Get your fat husband to get off his fat ass and do something. He is lazy and only thinks of himself.  Why did Obama put hurricanes to
I would like to know how much the Trumps have donated...
But it is ok 4 Trump 2 insult/ bully ANY1 ?? Attitude reflects leadership!! He is NOT a good leader
LOL A real hypocrite. a real liar.. a real bully.. a real joke!! I do agree w/ u on politicians.. Trump is 1 so he joins the fakes
Me,maybe you, the rest of the world
firme
Your determination is about as useful as anal warts.
Great job. God bless you and your family
How bout you get your hubby to quit and let the experts handle it.
IS THIS DONATION GOING TO THE POCKET OF UR HUSBAND. WE WOULD LOVE TO HELP. BUT WE CANT. THERE IS A HUGE ORANGE WALL IN THE WHITE HOUSE...
BLOCKING US FROM HELPING, TELLING LIES, AFTER LIE. BEHIND THAT WALL IS A HURRICANE, THINKING ABOUT HIMSELF, CARING ONLY ABOUT HIS RATINGS...
HOW ARE U MORE PRESIDENTIAL THEN UR HUSBAND. BE CAREFUL, DONT STEEL THE LIGHT FROM HIM, HE MIGHT ATTACK U. SERIOUSLY.
Why don't you really help rather than send silly emails?  Cheap talk - no good action. Do something positive please. DON'T be like @POTUS
Ask your husband to step up. He is a fricken failure.
Thank you @FirstLadyTRUMP @FLOTUS America loves you & I love you
Do you mind NOT speaking for the whole America??
Do you mind admitting that Hillary lost the election? If you are an American citizen you need to at least accept the president
And what makes you think I'm a Hillary supporter??
I never said you were a hillary supporter
Such a wonderful role model is our @FLOTUS, God works with her each and every day to #MAGA
Lol porn actress
How does a world-class model and business woman deserve being called that, #ChristyBrinkley has the same resume, is Christy that too!

Too all #Leftist females who jump on the chance to put down beautiful women, all of you, God gave women the face he wanted us to see!@FLOTUS
God didn't give her those boobs, a cosmetic surgeon did.
Jealous much? 
I don’t think anyone is jealous.


@jlizza1 @FLOTUS our First Lady is so intelligent and dignified!
One ? How can you put up with all the BS. Money comes and goes except for dignity. U have a child for God sake.
Start controlling your bully husband.
Thank you  @FLOTUS 
Sooo glad to hear that. As are the dying people in PR drinking contaminated water out of desperation. Send this tweet to your moron husband.
@fema You both are completely useless in #PuertoRico & #VirginIslands. Shameful, disgraceful to our American Citizens. #WaterCrisis
Tell your husband to respect people.
So inspired by the wonderful, soft towels that have been thrown at victims.  You and @Potus are the best for America. Oh holy ones.
How about your husband's determination to let everyone die?
Oh, who did not call APRA? Who has no protocol to send people to the who is charging tax on the private aid?Rosello is documented
Hint: makes sure they pay you in dollars and not in rubles, because rubles aren't worth shit.
@ThePlumLineGS this graph, and the direction it takes after Obama left office, will tell the whole story.
How about getting your husband to do what all other presidents have done for disaster victims- help them!
YES Mrs.President🖒
#GOPTaxScam #TaxScam #TaxReformScam #TrumpTaxScam #KillTheBill #CorkerKickback #VoteNo #TrumpShutdown
God Bless You @FLOTUS what a great First Lady you are 
@MELANIATRUMP 
#hopehicks #WHlover
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …

Someone or something has undone this retweet and like that I have done a long time ago over and over again who keeps doing this and undoing my likes and retweets I know I'm not what is doing this and why is it being done to me I support the first lady and the president
What kind friggin FEMINIST R U? feminist you stand up for ALLL WOMEN?  Attire LOL 
Model -VS-  wanna be's 
Check out Red Carpet attire
If you are sincere and please go to Puerto Rico and make sure they get help. They are suffering very much

Not a fan of Trudeau.  He works for Britain  NOT CANADA.

What have the Democrats done along similar lines...haven't seen many of them out front!
How much the prostitute is donating ?
Thank you Melania for loving & helping people. You're such a kind loving soul. #MAGA2018 

Love My First Lady
Keep you respond head up. GOD is real. Keep praying He hears you.

Good day First lady..
#GOPTaxScam #TaxScam #TaxReformScam #TrumpTaxScam #KillTheBill #CorkerKickback #VoteNo #TrumpShutdown
Can you imagine how jealous Michelle O is of you. She is not a good person, like you are.
when you going to see a doctor have that stick removed
the USNAVY Comfort Hospital ship is near EMPTY, the sick cannot get 2 the ship, people r dying in hospitals, #PuertoRico - shame on @potus
@potus should have put a full military division on the ground- water, sewer, medical, food, transport, roads, clearing, temp shelters
Supply chain disaster folks know how 2 handle this, use local labor via contracts. US provides SUPPLIES and EQUIP via military
The leader of PR is trying to hide the good potus is doing by not distributing the goods and organizing the help sent
It is the mayor of PR who is to blame not the general public
Your husband wants to have to sex with his daughter and  pense will make her have the baby. You're too fucking old. You cunt hag.
Then tell @realDonaldTrump to get off his ass and actually DO something. These are American citizens!
Thank you for loving America and doing everything you can to put America first. We love you and appreciate you!! 
What did you say. I don’t understand a word you’re saying
English is clearly not one of the 4, no 5, no 7 languages she speaks fluently 
God, from True First Lady Michelle Obama to this jokeshe can't even speak properly !!
Oooh how sweet! And you are?? What? Einstein?!
Classy lady. She ignores all the b.s.
I'm sure that impressed all 15 of your followers, you're the b.s. that doesn't matter.
Please refer to my previous comment. and direct all further statements to someone who cares.
Perhaps if @potus wasn't a racist US citizens in Puerto Rico wouldn't have died, he's committing genocide whilst golfing #Complicit
It it already a well-known fact that the only racist we have in our country 1st is you 2nd everyone that supports the DemParty We see lies
Your grasp of English, lack of basic geography & ignorance to the current state of US suggests you are nothing more than a Russian Bot 
Loosen up that tin foil hat a little maybe check in to have your head examined You may catch up to the rest of The American people one day
Again, poor grammar, lack of simple geography and general ignorance. All that horse shit has gone to your brain dear! 
Check your spelling moron! There is grammar on my Twitter, would you like me to excuse your poor grammar & punctuation? Clearly a Trump fan!
U are best first lady so far..
Was that a joke? Because if it is, no one is laughing.
Thank you!
#stepfordwife
Can’t you help my getting your negligent husband do the right thing by our fellow American PR’s? His heinous denial of basics kill them
Troll alert F off troll
Thank you for all your work, Madame Melania! 
Helping hurricane relief effort, visiting children in hospitals, & other stuff we’re not privy to.
I didn’t say anything about top secret stuff. Stop putting words in my mouth. Crack open a dictionary and look up ‘privy.’
You are a great and caring First Lady!!! Millions of people including myself are very proud to have you as our First Lady!!!
Thank you both! 
Throwing paper towels... and attempted to throw cans of chicken... while you show up wearing white shirt & white pants! WOW #Disgrace
No 1 care about your dedication & we 1rst  how much potus cares, u can't even handle the online bully issue u chose your project!



Donald Trump is clearly unfit for his office, and the American people know it. http://bit.ly/2yYw6pq  https://www.publicpolicypolling.com/polls/support-impeachment-record-high/ …

God bless family friends 


I could help more if I was paid for outspying the entire planet.  Jusy sayin'...
Maybe your determination can help get the electricity back up in Puerto Rico.
http://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/05/17/us/politics/how-the-impeachment-process-works-trump-clinton.html … … @librarycongress ILLUMINATI
Get to the choppa
Why don't you help Puerto Rico, since you can! What a hypocrite you are, Melania. So inferior to Michelle Obama in literally every way.
Blink, please.
Not really, 2 help the poor learn how 2 gain their own wealth so they can teach those around them ans generation 2 prosper is what is needed

Sheeeeitt- and they used to go on about Obama's passport!
I think it’s safe to call him Donald and not the president since you’re his wife. 
Maybe you should sell off some things in your gold penthouse to help - since you care so much...
You’re a sweetheart, Melania. It’s saddens me how many cockroaches crawl out to take advantage, lie, cheat & steal from older Americans. It’s almost impossible to get honest adjusters from Flood Ins. Co. while we try to rebuild, with inadequate funds on our pd. policy. Sad!
Melania is the coolest First Lady ever!!!
#intro #video_intro #logo_animation 
#youtube_intro #logo_intro #gaming_intro 
#youtube_video #animated_intro
This includes Puerto Rico, correct? No? Why? Bunch of racist liars.
Aren’t you insulted by your husbands gate of immigrants when you are an immigrant?
Wow, that didn't look totally scripted at all.  What have the Trump's as a family donated in time/money? Bernie is boots on the ground.
Really? What are you doing for Puerto Rico?
What are you doing FLOUS? Sending Tweets does not help. You will do very well to stop shadowing donny and get your hands dirty....
Would love to help but the govt of Austilia is stripping away peoples money and putting Aust in more debt then Aust has ever been in. Sorry
first, can you share with everyone wtf  you're doing exactly?
immigrants, blacks. They legally.not even supposed to vote in original America, it is Jews planned white genocide
Praise God. We are behind you and all that you are trying to do. GOD Bless you and God bless the United States of America
Said the R O B O T... ..no personality/charisma at all 
Ask your cowardly husband to donate #liarinchief #cowardinchief #dirtbagfake. #taker
English please
Honey. You have the bone structure of a vampire and charisma of a wet mop. Film noir lighting aint gonna make you more interesting.
I thought trump is a millionaire that he was going to donate which of course he's a cheapskate!
#MAGA
التاكد من كمية الاكسجين وثاني أكسيد الكربون التي انتجت بعد حدوث الكارثه في دائره قطرها 100 كيلومتر
Get your husband to give the support first to Puerto Rico
You go girl....Nice shoes.  Bless you.
the homeless, where is their houses? a legitimate government of whites or serf class from.England, they would be richer
Ty flotus  . You are wonderful
#Bengali terrorists so called Rohingya killed Myanmar people  #Rakhine in #Myanmar. .No #Rohingya in #Myanmar .@UN @hrw @UNOCHA @BBCWorld

Thank you Melania for being a beacon of compassion amongst all the hated & evil in this world.  May God Bless you & the first family 1st
Michelle Obama is a better person than you
I hardly think your husband throwing paper towels at people needing food and water, among other of life's necessities, was helpful!
why in the hell don't you get your husband to help
Tell your husband 2 have FEMA/other ground support to help deliver water/supplies to remote areas. I have other good ideas.
will you let me and my biker buddies run a train on you?
Does this include those affected in Puerto Rico -- those stealing water from contaminated wells?
regards for your effective and needful efforts for affected people.
https://www.facebook.com/Realcanvas.Chittagong/?ref=bookmarks …

Haters gonna hate. The way you have to look at it is if there was no @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS these idiots wld not expose thmslvs.
So true & I am determined to expose these idiots every day on Twitt & out in public I have actually gotten in fights with the anti-Americans



Tell that to your husband
She referred to him as “the president” not his name...? Weird
Please help if YOU can. You're the God damned @flotus! Make it your mission to get water to American hurricane victims! 
wonderful message. LOOK INTO CHARITIES BEFORE DONATING, BE SURE MAJORITY OF MONEY GETS TO HELP PPL

“If this was Texas there’d be 55,000 soldiers in PR... the execution has been horrifying.” - Curt Schilling, on Fox 
what about Puerto Rico? got any paper towels?
Can we start with donations by your husband?
Why don't you tell your Racist husband to help, and to stop Throwing Paper Towels at the Residence of Puerto Rico and you as well.
How long does it take to get help to PR? The island, surrounded by water, ocean water. I’m sure they could use some more paper towels
How about you donate your considerable $ or get off your ass and do something.
Do you have a few billion to share!

Wow Trump has a stand-in for Melania!!! https://twitter.com/JoeVargas/status/920507354403233793 …
Are you serious. Your husband was throwing paper towels at those you say you seek to help. He actually blamed them....you can't be serious.
Please be quiet..your statements are fake...you are still there just for the money...have you no morals?
Toss some paper towels please.
God bless all of your efforts helping those in Need!
What is it you determined to do actually? Keep asking people to help? Have you asked your husband?

The darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis!  Dante Alighieri 
Moron is a bully
Empty words. Empty woman.
AMERICANS ARE STUPID
