LOVE
@FLOTUS @WhiteHouse
Lovelly

From Trump Tower to the White House you have always posted such beautiful photos
Wow!  Thanks 4 Christmas 
balcony wreath picture I could never have seen without you to let me in.
Sunny greetings from Bhutan...

Make America happy leave
your view from prison??
Beautiful Christian First Lady 
#RenewCHIP
Not for flint



wunderschön.! Ein Blick in die winterliche Stadt Washington.!
Looks like you're in jail. #snowday2017
Beautiful morning @WhiteHouse #Christmas. First #snowday2017
Thanks
You and your fat orange husband and family need to get out. We don’t want you here! Racism is not happening
Pm2.5?
Since your husbands election - America has been terrorized by his Bullying! You have not kept your promise and children are being increasingly bullied! Step up!
#WELOVEKEATONJONES
If you have a heart you will check out the story of this child! Just saying...
Cry baby doodie
Thank you for doing such a wonderful job decorating our House. Merry Christmas to you and your family!
Troll

Ditto
Why aren’t you with your despicable husband in Florida? Oh right, you can stand the sight of him either
Why don't you mind your own f ck ing business?
Yes it is.
Yeb
Taken from the cage
Looking out of the WH on America, it is a pretty gloomy forecast for the country- unless you're a billionaire or an evangelical cult leader
WOW!!! That looks so beautiful, thank you for sharing with all of us, sending you all out love from Melbourne, AUSTRALIA!
Come to Maine, we have snow,
Dear Melania, I wanted to wish you a joyful and blessed Christmas.  God blessed  you with a heart that can take such nastiness, God himself has taken names You &President have taken on a thankless job. Blessing to your family.
And so are you. Not your looks which are but the inside of you that’s sincere and not fake
Nice
THANK YOU FIRST LADY....BROUGHT CLASS and ELEGANCE BACK TO WHITE HOUSE...

Incredibly beautiful.  Thank you for tweeting this and allowing us to share the moment.  Merry Christmas to you and your beautiful family.
It would extremely interesting to at least one time stand their in The White House and look out through that window. Just one time.
Wow.....beautiful!!
Nice pic
Get out of our White House
Merry Christmas!
Had the privilege of touring White House on Dec 14 and it was breathtakingly beautiful!
Your a good person America is bless to have you
Bless you and family. Doing an A+ job. Merry Christmas!!!!
It truly was. What a great photo, a view only a few have had the honor to see. Thank you for sharing it with us.
Beautiful
Beautiful snow day

I wonder if this will look anything like the view from federal prison, your hubby's future home? I wonder if he'll get a window, too?
Thank you, Mrs. Trump
May Joy Be  xo xo
Like you took this. Awe. Anyway, a better picture would be you climbing out the window away from the pig you are married to.
Peace on earth. Joy to the world.

Please Continue Photos From Within The WH. We Never Saw Beautiful Views Like These From The Pervious First Lady. THANK YOU, @FLOTUS.

Please share this @FLOTUS to help this family. The father passed away leaving three children
love it
Deal with your husband
Beautiful
I love snow. Wisconsin winters are beautiful. Come visit.
Asome
I’m so sorry for all the sore losers out there that just want you and the president to fail. I’m so ashamed of them. Im so proud of the first family.
So beautiful! I’m so glad to see a classy First Lady taking care of the Whitehouse. Thank you Malania. Merry Christmas to you and your beautiful family
Thanks for sharing
https://www.facebook.com/ehap.saif.94/posts/307218626455399 …
It certainly would be better if you took the Dotard back to his New York nursing home for retards luv 
takes my breath away
While you eat caviar....
Gross
Enjoy “this most wonderful time of the year”.  God Bless you and Mr. President for making us feel great again.  Merry Christmas!
What a lovely picture. Thanks for sharing your view! Merry Christmas, Melanie!

Hi....love you Melania
Buongiorno bella donna.
In the back of the White House the Trump’s built a Nazi Snowman
And we all know how you love the color white.
https://twitter.com/TruthSeeker____/status/941326639526318081 …
Beautiful Melania. God bless you and your family.
I just hope your view comes from the opposite end to Flump. We all throw up a little when we think of how horrid it must be to show the little handed tangerine man affection.
Yes it is beautiful!  Thank you for being so positive and heart warming!


Am I the only person that thinks this looks like a guillotine???? WTF!
You are BEAUTIFUL inside & out. We are blessed to have you as our first lady. Merry Christmas, B.M.Wheeler.
Melania...you are a loving woman, please ask Pres. Trump to look into all of these ILLEGAL FORECLOSURES. I have three children, and just lost my home in California to an ILLEGAL FORECLOSURE. I ask you...Mom to Mom.... to look into this . God Bless You!

“He was aggressive & told me I was coming home with him," the wife of a former NHL player tweeted about her encounter with Trump. http://glbn.ca/uxdwss 
It’s ok if you leave.  We
Is this are tax dollars at work? Please have your husband continue the current homeowners tax credit and continue Capital Exclusion on sale of primary home.
Enjoy it while you can before agent orange heads to jail

Realllly cold, though.  Best to stay indoors
Someday in hindsight historians will be like WHY DID NOBODY HELP HER THERE WERE SO MANY CRIES FOR HELP
"My view from prison"
I'm so sorry, Melania.
Why are you sorry, sweetie?

I am totally applying my DREAM is to speak at @CPAC
and Work For the @Whitehouse to #MAGA with @realDonaldTrump 

I do have a website that explains some of my stances
…
Stupid.
Dear First Lady of the United States  Thank You for all you do! God Bless you. Best First Lady in many many decades.
Thank you for sharing the beauty:)
President Trump... I am disabled and live on $750 a month social secuity/disability. I was recieving $192 for food assistance.  they just changed it to $111.  I didn't have enough money for food each month even before this.  CAN YOU HELP ME.
Very good morning also in Jaisalmer,India
feeling trapped in a cell?
Where the fuck is the snow?  Seriously 
So do you need help getting out ? Blink... wink... we can save you from this... really? Lol this can't be real for you.....
Beautiful morning when hubby is in jail for his crines against humanity
https://www.facebook.com/aqsa.musk/posts/1716258321726792 …
https://www.facebook.com/132997017052483/videos/533834483635399/ …

IR LOOKS FOGGY LIKE YOUR HUSBAN'S BRAIN. MY DAD HAD DEMENTIA.  HUBBY NEEDS A DOCTOR.
I bet it's warm and cozy with alot of love !
Beautiful Mrs. Trump!!
Oh all the things she could have done with her life, what a fool she choosesDonald Trump lol silly girl
Make sure you get a pic of your hubs grabbing the pus

Beautiful morning @ the White House first snow. Beautiful first lady of the United States. Thank you for the pictures.  #MAGA
So thankful to have a lady back in our Whitehouse.

Congress must immediately launch a bipartisan investigation into the 20+ allegations of sexual assault against Donald Trump.…

Look at the number of retweets and likes for the Senator here, compared to he same #s for the President's tweet to which she is replying. https://twitter.com/SenGillibrand/status/940580340560809984 …
Prostitute
Just like our first lady
You must be taking happy pills

Proud of Trump for recognizing Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Because of this alone, He will not fail.
Jesus didn’t abuse women.
i have not seen snow in years
Beautiful because your family is in the White House. We sleep better now. Please watch Trump I don't trust even your cooks. The hate is real and pure evil. God bless Merry Christmas
What ..."class"...
What a ..."lady"...
trump and his..."first lady"................who's the immigrant with all the Botox?
Beautiful for sure.  You should go a step further, be a hero for women- publicly denounce Donald's deviant behaviors and leave him.  The American people would remember your courage, strength and principles that Hillary didn't have.
****?
..........
Thank you for this view beautiful !
How does it feel to share a bed with the #BiggestCyberBully of today?  #Hypocrite #DoubleStandard
Thank you reminding us of the small blessings and miracles of life. I am so proud to call you my First Lady. President Trump is a blessed man and a Great President. Love and respect
I think the White House is so beautiful and now during the Christmas time it must be like a dream. Merry Christmas from Sweden!
Nice Morning- but I don't like snow. The White house looks very good for Christmas.
YES
@POTUS @WhiteHouse I like the way you decorated the whitehouse for christmas.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to all
Not for Ashawnty Davis, the fifth-grader  who hung herself because of cyber bullying.

Damn shame such ugliness is housed inside it. Enjoy it while you can dear cuz #MuellerIsComing Jingle bells
I though your husband said it was a dump
#priorities eh!
Can't wait for the morning when that picture shows agents staging their raid to take your husband away
you brighten up the white house thank you god bless Merry Christmas & Happy New
