Mrs. Trump; 
Thank you and President Trump for bringing honor, respect, and dignity back to the White House.   It's been so long overdue.
You simply cannot be serious. The Obama's were a class act. This crowd are trailer trash with money.
Where are you?
Yes! Super classy and a great role model for young girls!


YOUR DOING A FANTASTIC JOB!
Sorry, bad grammar annoys the life out of me. It should be you're not your.
Who else would u speak to Dogs an Cats,an how many people did u speak to? Pleeeese lets get real
Dear First Lady
The fighting spirit should never be in the flesh and blood. We do not restless against flesh & blood but against principalities and powers in heavenlies.
#GOPTaxScam #TaxScam #TaxReformScam #TrumpTaxScam #KillTheBill #CorkerKickback #VoteNo #TrumpShutdown
Hi @FLOTUS !
Puerto Rico  still is suffering and does not have water and power in Road still
Still waiting for your husband response. #TrumpShutdown
Besos Lady
#GOPTaxScam #TaxScam #TaxReformScam #TrumpTaxScam #KillTheBill #CorkerKickback #VoteNo #TrumpShutdown
How Obama reacts to a massacre vs. how @realDonaldTrump reacts to a massacre AND hurricane. 
A POTUS that can't be humbled is dangerous.
You mean Obama the actor...said & acted what ppl wanted to hear but did otherwise 
The very obama who approved bump stocks that NRA WANTS 2 WORK W/GVT, 2investigate legality of that law & future of bump stock.
No your not
You're not your.
Love our POTUS & FLOTUS. All you haters stay miserable for the next 7+ years. We love it!
Pls. tell us how DJT has improved your life since becoming POTUS. What's he accomplished that has MAGA? DJT golfs, tweets & spends your tax$
My 401K looks great!
Keep up the good work. The majority are thankful for what you are doing. Let the ungrateful roll in their own mud. We are united!
Really bro you are so funny  
Yeah buddy 
We all laughed for days & days, tears of joy, soooo relieved that Our Wonderful New President is Donald Trump
And hilLIARy lost
I'm not sure why you are still talking about Hillary?
B/ she is still talking She needs to shut up & go away She will give away the country and keep the money Get a clue She is a killer & crook
And especially She needs to go to not jail but prison for all the crimes she's made

Ppl like hilLAIRy need 2 be put away & never to return
Please share my son's story! https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1530915760278935&id=100000815766422 …
I ARE with you? Plz go take some English classes!
"I grab them by the pussy "
I’ll bet you and Hank can’t wait until that abusive sob is in prison. America can’t either! You still owe us for Secret Service in NYC.
these are American citizens, do something beyond throwing paper towels at them
Yes, this towel thing is disgusting. I do think Melania has empathy and truly understands the situation and really cares, but follows.
Thumbs down
Usa corrupt,Annette Marion and cpms grp murdered 3mom sister Louise Y, Rosemary d YvetteAnne Marion handfield Canadian citizen forced in USA
Why don’t you wear your @FLOTUS hat anymore?  People may not know who you are without it
Beautiful FLOTUS ♡
@realDonaldTrump You both are an embarrassment. @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Did #POTUS's visit to PR makes a difference? News outlets, don't misinform ppl. You're called to report truthfully and subjectively.
Let Miles Kwok Talk!Let Him tell the Truth!Freedom Speech in USA! Assembly at the White House on October 4 at 2 p.m.(Eastern time), Join us!
You're a fool if you believe that. On behalf of women everywhere SHAME.
Melania you are a class act, proud you are our First Lady
FLOTUS ,Your are as gracious as your attractive ( that’s sez a lot!)
thx @FLOTUS 4 WEARING......Timberline
You are an embarrassment for this country  get lost
LMFAO , More Lies , you have no call in it .
Super
You have become a gracious beautiful First Lady, Melania.
When you're a woman Carmen Yulín Cruz, and speak out against injustice for Americans @Potus @FLOTUS will screw you behind your back.
The only thing that Your husband wants to be reminded of is the “mirror, mirror on the wall, who’s the most everything of them all” LEAVE!
Thank you for what you do, what you are, who you are and how you represent us as #FLOTUS @FLOTUS
I am proud that you are our First Lady. Very Classy.
We Will Overcome!!
I understand that you weren't able to meet some of the citizens who were still without food and water. Stop him from throwing paper towels!
Help us here please. Cps slanderd me and my babies are gone for no reason!!! Please help Me!!!!#corruptcps
To all the Puerto Ricans in the USA that voted for trump, I hope your loved ones in PR were killed!  Trump blames PR for the financial mess
I shut up. But ask patrick Frasier of WSVN 7, if this was how he wanted me to take care. After he refused to help me to get paid
Not spirit forced pick upU spoiled you stole fr spoils of war HRH Yvette  Marion handfield Honorable us army Canadian citizen forced in USA
@halimlounnas2
http://status.pr  this is what's really going on in Puerto Rico, not the white washing of the White House
You are the only nice thing we got with 45 

Lol. Did you write that yourself.
You're doing a fantastic job
Your not an American
Liar
Rex got it right: FLOTUS & POTUS, Melania & Moron 
As a Puerto Rican in the Bronx, New York, I support Trump and believe in what he is doing for Puerto Ricans and the American People. MAGA.
Keep up the good work!
@realDonaldTrump is *with no one but himself Admit it: he's not even *with* u @FLOTUS your #unhappiness shines like a beacon I find it #sad
Such a classy lady...you are the best!
You care about people. I can really tell. I'm proud to have you as a commander in chief.
In all seriousness, why does your husband think throwing paper towels at people affected by Hurricane Maria is an OK thing to do?
Lighten up!!
#FakePresident  ----- and please be reminded, Puerto Ricans ( no matter how you pronounce it ) are tax paying, American Citizens!
you might be but potus 150% not with Americans regardless where they are, why are u still w/the magot?
You maybe. But he is a moron.

#SupportKurdistan
So pleased to see this side of FLOTUS....Sad our media doesn't show the same
So many of us out here love you.
Then stop trying to mess with healthcare...stop cutting funds, enrollment periods, if you care stop taking things away via the back door
Really???

You see only the best area so thanks 4 the show...
What a global embarrassment we are having you being called a moron by Rex Tillerson...and then not denying it!
And we are also reminded of the DISASTROUS, SENSELESS and ABHORRENT attack from @POTUS to PR MAYOR & Victims! You should be EMBARRASSED!Sad-
It's hard to wrap head around it, our first lady is a not American. How true is she really.
Thank you for your example of a True Flotus.  We feel your caring heart!
Don is very short sighted. You and your boy will be paying for @POTUS BS long after he is dead.
It was so inspiring to see you and our President visiting all hurricane victims and in Los Vegas your sweet spirits is an encouraging to all
#TrumpIsAMoron
You are such an amazing example that you don't need to be an angry woman to make a huge difference in people's lives.
#dumbass
Get out of your shoe closet and get to work on your missing-in-action anti- bullying campaign. And stop scowling and get a big girl haircut!
Great job me lady. god bless you.
The best thing you can do for America is to convince your husband to #Resign before we #ImpeachTrump.
Mrs go back to bed, be quite. No even your words have meanings #MAFIA
nice. How much did the election campaign photo-ops run? Doesn't look anywhere near badly hit zones. Advertising.
Yes your husband Don the con will never break us.

#LetsRoll
Love our First Lady
Did Uthis FLOTUS
Electrdistrib
#PuertoRico
B4/After
#HurricaneMaria 
#PuertoRicoRelief
Do something
NOW PLEASE

https://mobile.twitter.com/epicsaster/status/919177335747772416 …
Melanie is a very classy lady
Keep up the great work.  You are a wonderful First Lady
You have truly made up for the time away from the White House. As an American I’m proud of your representation of these United States
Love our Flotus and think she has brought dignity back to the White House. Can't wait to see Christmas celebrations again
How long will that last. Until you leave for another luxury resort to live off the taxpayers? Stop Faux comfort! It's FAKE #25thAmendmentNow

Our Beautiful totally radically cool @FLOUTUS 45 We Love You
You are more animated and empathetic than POTUS can ever be...why do you put up with him; he is disgraceful!
Thank you
Liar.
It should also remind you what a horrible person ur married to
You make ur own breaks
That must of been something on that Island during Maria. Big fan First Lady. God bless you for all your work.
You should leave Trump now. He is evil and his mouth is going to get this world in trouble and kill a lot of people.  He is a disgrace
Where is the #POTUS LEADERSHIP??? Why is your husband not sending air drop relief into the interior of #Puerto Rico?
What do you think about this:
Why didn’t you stay to help. You and 45 don’t care what is happening there. You should have to suffer the same. Kama is a bit??
Thank you! And of course FEMA helped everyone but me? :( ..However WE all in FL know how fast our President helped prior,during & after Irma
God Bless America . God Bless Us All!
Did you really raise the Jones Act? Seems like it was said & not done. They don’t need paper towels they need food Meds & water. They hurt
Does she really speak? Or just arm candy ( nurse with a purse) for Drumpt
Spare me.
We r with u. All the way from Tennessee!
Nice gesture. Paper Towels. Drinking water, 
food???
God Bless FLOTUS and POTUS. You both are very Strong
No food stamp usage 4 prepared meals, throwing paper towels @ ppl ? Pathetic behavior from a fake potus & his non American wife
Thanks
You don't like trump fine but like it or not we r a democracy society.He won get over it and move http://on.Vote  again in 4 yrs.
No, 10% electric, Supermarkets filled with death - rotten food, mosquitos, @realDonaldTrump is failing #HelpPR & failing #America
So
doh!!v
Thank u n Our President for ALLLLLLL YOU DO!! 


We love you madam 1st lady. We pray for you & you're beautiful blended family. Thank you for all you've  sacrificed for us!
How about you tell your husband #HandsOffMyBC  and then you'd b a hero 2. The fighting spirit of females will prevail against oppression
It's oppressive to make you pay for your own BC?
What happened u trump haters.Get a life! I thought when we went low you went high. Us trump supporters are the ones taking the high road.
Nah your just a flock of dumb, deaf, and mute fools.  #dumbass #helenkeller
U just don't want to accept that no one wants Prick Of The United States to be with them!
congratulations!
Thank you Flotus. Keep up the good work.
I believe Melania will go in the record books as the classiest and best @FLOTUS  in American history.
Too bad DONALD TRUMP TWEETS SO MUCH HATE TOWARD HISPANICS
#irrelevant
Yeah, too bad POTUS must be a fucking asshole about it!  Why can't he just offer help without downgrading others or stroking his own ego?
Why isn't POTUS GOING TO THE USVI???!
I agree with help and faith we will get through.
Thumbs up  it's not always about style - it's about comfort and safety
Did not see you in the water ?

When all you wanted was a sugar daddy and you're doing some of his dirty work, I respect you for that love 
@FLOTUS unless you ppl lose somebody in that hurricane you feel nothing.
Awesome
Lovely Message Of Unity Beginning To Become A Way Of Life For USA Tragedies, I Believe Is A Healing Sight For Those who Love USA
Really beautiful picture
Melania is a cool First Lady!  The country got a tremendous upgrade from the last First Lady.
Oh yeah upgrade 
