Hello Melanie
God created the opium poppy so old farts might bounce grandkids on their knees without wincing. Remember those in chronic pain.
Thanks for that, lol
Please make rehab for opioid addicts more affordable for addicts like my daughter.
Guinevere has been an addict all her life and is dying.
UPDATE: Guinivere's life was saved a few years ago by the quick acting first responders when she overdosed on Heroin. She is now on an anti addiction maintenance medication, probably for the rest of her life.
And what are we going t replace the opiates with? Advil? Ice packs?
yup! Like the rest of the world who is able to live and function with chronic pain without becoming dependent on narcotics
I don't feel that there is a plan to help people, other than to stop prescribing. many legit pts have bad pain and have tried other methods.
the first step would be to make people understand that chronic use of narcotics in non cancerous pain has been proven to WORSEN
Try living in pain of ur choice every day for 2 years, then return w/ an opinion. For now you just don't know what the shit ur talking about
Donald silvou pelr mwen anvi vizite usa
Maybe if doctor's were able to fix things and not forced to push pills by insurance hospitals and pharmaceutical we would be way better off
Thank you!
How to stop it ha ha funny. Month of pain killers depending on what $30-$100 . But a month of saboxone is 900.00 seams right dont it. No !!
No opioid abuse. Your making doctors not prescribe to cancer patients you're as sick as your husband. #PROHIBITIONDOESNTWORK
You didn't say a word because you can't speak English and your too stupid you didn't say a word because you can't speak English
RIGHT HERE! I have page 4 suffering 2 join in UNITY & am presenting #DEA  w/ testimonies but I need the PEOPLE!  https://www.facebook.com/groups/Painadvocatesforethicalrelief/ …
Oh yes, talking about opioid addiction is definitely the way to cure it.
Oh, but I forgot. Even if you are concerned, the republican health plan would not cover addiction, mental health, or anything, really.
It would be great if you had any power to fix it. I'm in bed with a BROKEN ANKLE, and they wouldn't give me pain meds. I am not an addict.
I'm really excited that this topic has been brought to light. Thank you so much to you and your husband. 
Please remind Pres Trump to not forget about us who take their pain meds responsibly and need them for quality of life.  Our lives matter to
heroine addicts need stronger support programs, however the effort gets organized, that walk them through steps to overcome the addiction
Chronic pain patients are dying due to untreated pain why is it okay to make certain people suffer in agony #WeR1 #USMedicalGenocide
The opioids are not the heart of the problem ! When people can’t get medicine to help the really important paid than we see people find
You could care less...
Share This File:
https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3lfnOKSNC-9ZjFMYmNrNUZ0Uk0 …

Mega Drives (Mainly thousands of Weather Modification pictures and videos)
https://mega.nz/#F!w3QRGJZB!OVNzjKUyChhXqJyAZlso8w …

https://mega.nz/#F!E7wFjCqJ!hx_0HR71Oqjn6xsRUBexLg …

Google Drive (contains most main files)
https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B3lfnOKSNC-9SkNEdnVvNXdhUkk …

SHOW ALL those and this: https://Twitter.com/ChrisDownsBooks 
Betty Price, a Georgia state rep,whose husband Tom Price sounds like disheveled WITCH on her strange thinking...
Republican politician wants to legally ‘quarantine’ HIV patients http://ind.pn/2xc5Svv 
On behalf of anybody who ever had to deal with HIV or with the loss of somebody suffering from it, tell your wife to jump in the lake.
@SecPriceMD & @FLOTUS - give me a break.
I'm so sorry.
Your profile pic makes this tweet SO much better.
What about BULLYING?
NOT IF TRUMP DISBANDS the healthcare that president obama worked years to put together for AMERICANS.
vieja puta
#WarOnDrugs wasn’t perfect
But, LIBs convincing KIDS-It’s their Right to do DRUGS-is a Disaster!
64,000 Dead 2016!
Anything 4 a Voting block
Too little too late for my child.
Sorry 

SHE WAS PREQUALIFIED BY HER STEP SON WHO HAS THE GREATEST IQ IN THE WORLD.  JUST LIKE HIS FATHER.,  000
Let's make a difference in SSDI!
You are so out of touch. Congress just made it easier  to access opioids
Help pick a better person than Marino.  The DEA needs more power to prosecute.
Is the nomination of Marino from PA. the first step to get rid of him for promoting the opioid crisis? I hope Barren doesn't succumb.
doctors in the 70's were over prescribing qualudes.  govt stepped in and started fining and pulling licenses.  it stopped quick. try that!
Make a greater difference and resign! It'll make a world of a difference and make millions happy! Trump family is not wanted in the white house!
What a hypocrite. Look at who your husband nominated to be drug czar. Everything u people do is a lie.
How much allowance do you get a week from your husband? Because you sure did not marry him for his looks!
Your husband is now allowing Opioids to be sold without regulations so free promotion & access for ins comp to promote Rx. Amazing backwards
Now that is amazing being that now Opioids law enforcement on regulations for the insurance companies has been pulled away by POTUS!
O
https://youtu.be/_wLJ3PAVxmw 
I thought about tweeting and then just gave up .....when your husband purchases you from a catalog your message gets lost
@realdonaldtrump made a real difference by taking away ACA from poor people & encourage polluted environment.
By doing exactly what Melania....let's hear it
Melania...I am sure there were no Registered Nurses there. You want the truth...ask a floor nurse to join the discussion
Please don't fuck this up like everything you all have touched so far. Better yet. Don't mess with it at all. I want recovery 4 friends&fam
Please get OUT of our house! YOU do NOT rightfully belong there!
I will no longer get help for my addiction because Trump stopping our subsidies so please just stop! Shut up!
You have no background for this. Do something helpful like influence your husband to be a human .
Melania you are talking to the wrong people. Look who is in the room .
By talking to addicts and families you might learn. Wear Prada though . Perfect for you.
No, the ones who make a real difference are the addiction counselors, physicians, nurses, mental health advocates, professionals...not you.
Really all u are doing is going to make it harder for people like me that go through about 3 to 7 surgery’s every to have pain management
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ER9Ul_ostZ8 …
Thank you, First Lady of the United States Melania, for taking on a tangible issue that has real consequences of national well being.
Vets  in chronic pain have to "rehab" themselves VA doped them and then made them sign document saying they were "addicted" -
Talk costs nothing.... the real culprits are the pharma sales people and the greedy doctors who write the scripts.. including the VA doctors
Talk solves nothing. Do something. Fund treatment!!!
@flotus blind twice if you need help!!
Please, remember there are many who must use pain meds as prescribed.
When Obama made Norco triplicate rx, many were forced to street drugs.
look at all those lovely white faces..
And thank you for acknowledging this issue as a national crisis. As a nurse I see this first hand. We really need help in this area
Can see from that picture that Kellyanne is bored out of her mi..? well just bored!!!
Before you can talk it you need to live it, check in to rehab for 28 days, than you can talk about
Sorry Ms. Trump, we've been talking about this for years - I guess it isn't on the radar between Trump Tower, pilates and Bergdorf Goodman's.
Let me know when you're ready to talk about healthcare for the 9 million kids covered by CHIPS.
TRUMP NEEDS HELP DOESN'T HE? HE HAS ALL OF THE SIGNS OF AN OPIOID ABUSER!
Thank you for speaking on such a serious crisis.Its not just the kids from cities, bad homes or poor ppl.addiction cares not in the least.
You could never make a difference without first understanding. So tell me what you do to feel good.
Any one that wants off of opiods just be strong and have faith. You can get off of it.
I was on opiods for several years at my doctors request. I decided i had enough of that drug and slowly with drew from it. It was very hard.
Tell that to your billionaire big pharma cronies! Amazing!
Still waiting... Just like her hubby... Gets nothing done
Still waiting almost 60 days for your batshit husband to do something.
Gee is that the late Tom Price sitting to your right? Did he charter a plane for this event?
Put on your hurricane heels and do something for PR
Now it is all bullshit and nothing will change
LMAO LMAO LMAO What will YOU do? You will do NOTHING, as you've done nothing about  "bullying" platform, as you allow your husband to do so.
how can ppl take @FLOTUS  serious after heaving seen stuff like this?And the fact that there is no love between the 2 idiots..Goldigger any?
Please subsidize methadone treatment.  It helps but is cost prohibitive.
Thank you,Melania,you are part of AMERICA,,God loves AMERICA, we love our PRESIDENT
@lotuta. you should stop sucking up. its evident your tweets r screened by DT before you send them. do you watch CNN. or watch NFL w/T.
@realDonaldTrump Kelly Anne's body language speaks a thousand words. Bwhahaha!!!
Tell your POSPOTUS cutting Medicare, Medicaid and repealing ACA only adds to the opioid problem.
Damn your dense
I love our amazing, bright and gorgeous @FLOTUS the best ever!
#Arrogant #Uncaring #Racist #Tyrannical #Unfair #Sexist #Communist #Greedy #Dishonest #Cynical #Untrustworthy #Explosive #Dangerous #Moron
When do you out the rest of the high hog living Traveling Trump Staff?  It's not like any of them had your back, Tom.
What about Botox abuse? What's your position on that Melania ?
Thanks be to you, Melania.  There are less difficult issues you could have chosen to champion.  The USA loves you and your family.
God bless YOU.
Everyone knows where the poppy and cocoa plants grow, but no one has the courage to bring the war to the source. @omarbula
The Golden Age of Drug Trafficking: How Meth, Cocaine, and Heroin Move Around the World ► FARC
The governments from around the world must ' Just Say No ' and stop profiteering from the drug trade.   #Mena
now who wrote this tweet for you?  it sure wasn't you!
You don't have a clue about addiction. Maybe addiction to terrible people. Try looking at yourself.
Gold digger
Do you have to take drugs to let the orange thing climb on?
Talking doesn’t do shit, action speaks louder than words! Don’t just give an epidemic lip service!
Was Rush Limbaugh handing out samples?
South Korean president Moon is suspicious of having hidden connection with Little Rocket Man. Please tell Mr.  Trump to be careful with him.
Please remember there are patients who suffer from chronic pain. Do not regulate to the point of ignoring patients who have true need!
The real targets s/b smuggling of fentanyl & heroin across canadian & mex borders plus all shipping ports. Rx pain meds easy target & wrong
Remember if you look back in 10 years to this meeting. ONLY white people.
Talk is cheap...look at all of Dotard’s talk!!!  Cheap!
I work in an ER and it is so frustrating to see nothing available to help the addiction. What addict has insurance??
Did you have any input or say anything at all or do you have to wait and get permission from the "DON"
Wouldn't the same apply to gun control?  By talking about it, we can start to make a real difference.

talk is cheap, treatment costs money, healthcare used to cover it but your husband f'ed it up
Melania has time on her hands and a good heart and is less beholden to trumps facist racist  base. With support she can do real good.
God speed. Start with the docs who asked me if I needed pain pills - I had a cold. Legalize weed (completely safe non addictive) nationally
FLOTUS is a Lady with charm, beauty and most of all, Intelligence.  You haters are jealous and ignorant !
LOL...you are such a fake person.  You couldn't less about these people.
Talking about things doesn't solve EPIDEMICS. Start making a real difference by not being such an ignorant and unaware human being. #WAKEUP
Is this another just say no program?
Um this isn't the 5th Ave ladies auxiliary league......stop having luncheons and do something.....anything......
Visit the foster homes & prisons. Much more effective to understand opioid abuse.
If your successful with your deportation you will be left with nothing but white supremacist and terrorist and free loading white trash.
Who do actually fucking work/school and pay taxes. You wanna get rid of? The fuck
You literally give free $ away to those who dont work with 10 kids and giving em housing. Meanwhile Mexicans ..
How about you make a change that will actually make a beneficial impact. Instead of deporting citizens who actually work
Thank you flotus for addressing this serious issue. We need a multi tier approach to stop the abuse, not jail for the abusers! Thanks again
Everyone is so overboard on opioid abuse, my sister who has stage 4 cancer can't get pain meds.  Celebs with no problems overdose.
Junkies find crooked docs.  Stop that, but let sick and dying get the help they need
What are the addictive properties in this “Medication”?
Why can’t you start there?
Sorry I missed the discussion! Don't take them away from people who don't abuse them.
#kratom is the answer.
You're #Complicit u could help. Guess your purchase agreement came w/ a non-disclosure
Better than talking is knowing what you’re talking about Cannabis reduces physician assisted opioid addiction Support people @sevendaysvt
