
Thank you Mr.Trump some of my family members where in Pearl Harbor.
@FLOTUS

Nice hips mmmmmm........lmfao....not


Thank you we were saved from speaking Japneese or German due to their service
TRUMP IS BEST!!!

You have hate in your heart bro'
http://canadafreepress.com/article/veterans-accuse-the-va-of-stolen-valor …
Veterans accuse the VA of Stolen Valor - Canada Free Press

BYE YALL IM FASTING AND ALL BYE
oday we honor Pearl Harbor Heroes. 12/7/1941
Thank you to all military for your courage and sacrifice!
http://www.soundcloud.com/5races  need all my mixbreeds to go to my music page and go chech out my new song I Be ON it wont be disappointed 

Love you Mrs. Trump!
I agree totally
Guess these heroes didn’t get heel spurs.
سال 2018 نو مبارک
Keep the Sandys out of the USA # Donald & Melania # POWER COUPLE
Too bad our POTUS had heel spurs (wink,  wink).
Is Donnie still gobbling the diet pills Mel?  Wink wink.
Greatest POTUS of all time!
Thank you all of the Trump's for your service to our country and all that you have sacrificed just to make America great again.
Thank you President Trump for your 5 deferments! God Bless ur Bone Spurs! Soldier On! Lay off the military schmoozing. We know you are just buttering them up for war and a draft.
جميل جدا
http://usa.news-store.com/donald-trump-says-women-who-accuse-him-of-sexual-assault-are-lying/ …
Amen  !!! those were amazing group of heroes brave and proud to be  alive to see the respect for them. Now in history  thank u mr president for been  the Best President ever ur the best  thank you 
I too appreciate it
What war was it that your husband served in?  Oh right, never mind.  #bunions
What war did Obama serve in, oh that's right ...he didn’t !
that was actually quite intelligent 
Oh, you and the draft dodger?
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DQsYz5BXcAAm2sB.jpg …
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DQtQ7caXUAAF5oE.jpg …
عليكي وعلي زوجكك مشاهدة فيلم الناصر صلاح الدين   فيلم مصري مهم لكما جدا جدا
I have personally in front of this wall it's sobering.
Awe how sweet...With you’re narcissistic bigoted womanizer draft dodger husband
Have to accept your first answer Mel which was 11/7/1941.

Still thanks for playing and you win an all expenses paid trip to a Trump golf course at the expense of the American tax paye... oh you already have that.
Slap that draft dodger's hand down...he is an insult to every man and woman who served and is serving our country.
You will always be remembered asa friendly president
I bet u would poke the first lady
Nice you corrected it
What a dreadful day!!! :-(
To serve and protect the constitutions from enemies foreign and domestic.
that is /gpod
Your husband is a coward and a draft dodger.  He claimed that Nazis are "fine people".   You and he honor nothing.

What was that date?  Take an American history class.  Stop the copy and paste speeches you know nothing about.  It shows.
Hello godd monig

Ooh
#القدس_عاصمة_فلسطين   #jerusalem_capitalofpalestine
Yes must be painful to remember all those who didn't come from Eastern Europe
Arizona memorial?
Whole soldiers passed away on the battlefield are truly a heroes. With them honor and courage, both of this were coincidentally fabricated " invincible and gain the victory even if they were fallen down. Rest In Peace all soldiers in Pearl Harbor. All heroes.
Semper Fi and thank you.

He is a Great Leader !
have the courage not to crop it... coward
The Japanese played like they were friendly to the U.S.. Then they crippled the whole Pacific Fleet in a few hours. December 7th 1941ad.
Yep
Looks like you fixed your tweet from what I understand you thought the attack on Pearl Harbor was Nov 7 1941
How quickly we forget.....
God bless you

Former Fox News anchor says Trump once tried to kiss her http://thr.cm/7p7z71  
11/7/41

Just a really good First Lady With a huge heart and means what she says thank you
God bless Mr. Trump and Melania Trump
Thank you for remembering on behalf of my Grandfather, Peter Markey.
You are very beautiful
Awesome, she finally got the date right. XD
Awesome you actually knew what the correct date was.
As Trump himself says, "Thag you faw ya thuvipththp. May-guh amay-icah greathpt agaithphthpppt!"
Thank you all god bless Americans Military
Victory in WWll required effort by entire country,not just military.Sacrifices were made by most Americans then.
So true, but the ones who put their lives on the line are the greater heroes!

I am raising money for Deplorables Funding for Education. Click to Donate:  http://tw.gofund.me/deplorables-funding-for-education&pc=tw_co_share_m&rcid=r01-15123826739-bdca3c3bb5824b87 … via @gofundme
Love the Christmas card
OH I SEE YOU CORRECTED IT.  YOU CAN'T FACT CHECK ON GOOGLE BEFORE YOU SEND OUT YOUR IDIOCY?!?!?
Complicit.

Yes....
God bless President Trump God Bless Melania, you are loved. God loves you our prayers go forth always for you both.
@realDonaldTrump is a disgrace, honored veterans while slashing programs for homeless vets. You’re a piece of work Donny, how’s the bone spurs.
Original date was wrong...Donald will pull your hair out for that like he did Ivana
Excellent job getting the date right this time!
That was for all the flawless people so quick to point out other people’s short comings.
You have no clue.....you changed the date from 11/7/1941.
Thank you. My Dad is a WWII Navy Veteran. It means so much to him to honor those lost at Pearl Harbor. We must remember. Never  forget.
The Greatest Generation!  Never Forget Our Heroes!
please HONOR our service men - do not let them protect ISIS terrorists!
You did great Mrs. Trump, forget all the unhappy liberals that lost.
I agree with Mr. T respect for our Commander in Chief @realDonaldTrump.
I served and I understand!!!
Heroes everyone!!
 EddyM
Beautiful picture!
Thank you; Melania for being such a gracious and caring First Lady You are loved by the country 
THANK U FOR YOUR SUPPORT! #FLOTUS
My Daddy and his brother,my uncle served inWW II USArmy and I am very happy to have a President finally that honors our veterans; every one of my male cousins are veterans;also;I only wish Daddy was alive to witness this presidency
Oh you finally figured out the correct date?
Oh good, you fixed your post. Because you were off by a month earlier. Glad to know someone fixed that for you.
Then honor to Hiroshima & Nagasaki not heroes but people who has nothing to do with Pearl Harbor
To each that serve and those that served. This is why.
Those hero's didn't dodge the draft now did they
Thank you for all you and your family sacrifice to take care of our country...
God Bless you all...
Always praying for The Trumps
Proud of you guys 
I never have been there.  Thank you for going in place of all and representing us with such grace at all times.
Been to the Arizona before it was commercialized many times. Elvis Presley donated the last amount of money to finish the project by giving benefit concerts at the Aloha football stadium when he made his movies.
Shame that a man who laughed at POWs , disdained vets with PTSD, shirked his Vietnam duty is talking military.
Sk you fixed the error? What happened? Staff looked it up? Or did younger chastised by @PressSec @SarahHuckabee ?
God bless the troops and all who served or is serving thank you for ur service
Such a awesome first lady. Thank you for all you do Merry Christmas
Keep up the good work.  If you are looking for an assistant, contact me.
Keep up the good work Mr. President
#Pearl Harbor, thank you for honoring our fallen. They gave so much to protect us.

U have no honor! Ur complicit with tRump's hateful racist bigotry! Honor & U do not belong together! Gth #fakeflotus

The only thing Trump honers is money!
I hono
I was born and raised a Navy brat and Trump is not the example of what America is.
Potus missed serving...5 times...bad http://foot.You  should be First Lady,but Ivanka acts like it.
Control your crazy husband
All the small small people who continue to point out typo with the wrong date only show just how really small they are. The @FLOTUS Can speak more languages than all of them I’m sure yet they point out something so small
What will you do when trump's IMPEACHED?
Enjoy life
Thank you Melania.  With all the confusion going on in the news, I heard nothing to honor our history's heroes.
My god people give it a rest, please just respect those that have lost there lives at pearl !!!!!! May they all just Rest In Peace.
Mister T is right, just stop and think about the corruption that we would be having if Hillary won. This is draining !
Quite something to look back on :-)
May GOD continue to bless the USA with you, your husband, family and adminstration, I pray Christ will keep you all safe.
Yout husband can be found under "B" (for bone spurs)
Most beautiful First Lady ever.............................
What a disgrace..An insane orange Nazi with his “wife” honoring the geatest generation. People who stood up against the very thing this crime family #Trump represents: Racism, Bigotry, Greed and Crimes against humanity. What a national embarrassment. We’ll never forget @GOP!!
Truly appreciate the fact that America decided to enter the war since Pearl Harbour. And pay my tribute to whoever lost their lives during the war.
Which lawyer tweeted the first incorrect date? Or does that fall under attorney client privilege too? Seems to run in the family.
Who tweeted this from your account suga? Because you didn’t 
miss melania say to your crazy man we hate him
Changed the date in the middle of the night hahaha
Harming muslim world feelings will make trump pay high price for what he decided about Batul-Muqadas
خۆشم داوی
You and your husband are shame to that honor
I'm beginning to think that being a liberal is a mental disorder requiring extensive counciling and medication. 
You people have absolutely no respect or decency at all.
At least you got the date right, this time. #familyofidiots
By dodging the draft six times?
Are you hinting you served?
What does that have to do with him dodging the draft 6 times?
I just think it’s odd for one who never served to criticize someone else who didn’t either.
Like when trump criticised McCain?
