Thank You @FLOTUS for always being the Best 1st Lady we've ever had. You're what America Needed. Blessed to have you.
WTF has she done or accomplished?!? Tolerate her ignorant, racist husband? Or get dressed and looks like a mannequin? Please!! 
Why do people like you have nothing better to do than troll people you clearly don't like. I would never follow the Obamas or HRC
I believe a legit question has been raises. What has she done that makes her "the best"? Michelle O was extremely accomplished. & Melania?
First off you don't know either one of them personally and neither do I. Michelle has accomplished no more than Melania that I know of.
And FYI...I've met them both. Enough said. I stand by my comments and opinions!
Whatever
Exactly!!
Classy? Oh ok, it's ok for the First Lady to have naked pics floating around. Mmmkay
No1 is hating on her body. Wtf wants a 1st lady every country has seen naked and has no backbone? She looks drugged and afraid all the time.
The French first lady it why are you not outraged about that? Is it because Melania is so beautiful!
Wtf are you even trying to say? Smh I read that and sounded like her giving a speech, I couldn't decipher it.
Its refreshing to have a first lady who loves America and doesn't use every opportunity to divide and hate on the country America! Love it!
Can you please tell your husband to use better judgement in his twitter habits. You see, he's bullying people & riling up folks.Also...
saw a picture of you in WH garden.   Because you're an immigrant?
 #Covfefe
What kind of Creeps troll Our Kind and beautiful First Lady , what cowards ! Disgraceful

Oh wow!!! Another photo op with Black children
Racist
It's nice to have a First Lady who looks like a woman again!!!!! MAGA
That stripping pole dancer ain't no lady.
Alot more of a lady than that man in lipstick!! Still hurting from huge election loss I guess... MAGA
Ur right trump. My vote lost. But I voted for u. All who voted 4 u lost. U stick ur nose where it don't belong. #urnotamaster #try2bpresdent
Please respond in English. I don't know what the hell you just said....MAGA
no, that would be bill Clinton.. pay attention dude
You guys with the Clinton fetish...
Hmmm you are anti-bullying? I guess you don't apply your anti-bullying speech to your husband. #hypocrisy #TakethekneeNFL
Go team? Are you in high school ?
How's your plan to combat online bullying going?
Honored to have you as our First Lady. #MAGA
Make your dotard husband shut up
So proud of you Melania representing the USA. #FLOTUS ##MAGA. We love you.
Immigrant with her anchor baby!
You suck
God bless our beautiful First Lady Melania Trump!
Jesus! Have you read your insane husband's latest tweet?!? He needs to shut up! Can't you tell him?!?
Racist
Lepi tweet
Can u go home now and take the phone away from little donny @realDonaldTrump  He has been embarrassing us all day and trying to start a war
Boo hoo!
Well...the white one's anyway. Oh, and as long as they don't kneel down #TakeAKnee
Many don't have that privilege..wounded warriors..but then most have a$$es like you!
Hey Melania, would you ask if USA can trade leaders w 
No, but feel free to move any time 
Why would she want too? Ours wouldn't pay millions to a terrorist and apologize to him for his imprisonment for killing a soldier.
Or like the last tool realease 5 terrorists for a traitor!
Too bad there is such jealously from people who still don't realize they LOST!! move on.
Bot.
no knees there !!!!
A First Lady I can be proud of!
Thank you!
Some people feel sorry for you - I don't. You know exactly what you are doing and what a sorry specimen #dotard is - COMPLICIT! #LYINGTRUMPS
Yes, the commie left has learned a NEW word from a dictator..you should be SO proud!

We are so proud of you.  God Bless you.
We? You. Some people two. Not every ones.
You are the best FLOTUS we have had in decades!  Thank you!  We know it isn't easy!
You can't be serious - or maybe u feel this way because she knows her place, hmmm?
She wasn’t even born here
So what?
Thank you FLOTUS we LOVE you pure class  Say hello to Prince Harry !


You can't accept the trumps are very much disliked in the world
America is honored to have you representing us.
sister Melania, I appreciated you and your service to people. I praying for you. Please pray for my ministry work here. Amen
why don't you go home and try and persuade that Trumpnut not to start a nuclear war?
Racist
you're kidding, right? Or stupid?
You are the woman good men deserve
...Could you please tell him to lay off baiting the madman with the nukes. It's not a p*ssing contest. It's human lives that are at stake.
Hmm I know let h he better knock it off
Really..like a DACA POS?
You were absolutely amazing! You represent our great nation with such class & dignity! It's an honor to have u as @FLOTUS! God Bless you
You didn't write this. You can barely speak English. 
She speaks five languages fluently and her English is just fine. How many languages do you speak, Bobby?
Have you heard her speak five languages?
She spoke Italian in Italy, Slovenian her native, English..3 so far that I have
French, Serbian, German, English & Slovenian but I also thought she spoke Italian.
So I have heard.  Do you have any evidence of this? If true does this fact that she shares with a majority of Europeans, make her special
Go ask her
nothing against you Melania but if u don't see what #potus is doing is wrong then you are complicit ! Are you strong enough? #advocate
Not bad for a dreamer!
Sorry, but NO!
@FLOTUS @InvictusToronto   
#HYPOCRITE, VOTRE MARI C'EST LE PIRE #BULLY ET EN PLUS #WhiteSupremacist.  #GodSeesYourSins #YouWillBeJudged
Has Hillary acknowkedged Bill's bi-racial son?
We love you so much!
Not this American.
@RajAlexander126
YOU ARE THE HOTTEST SEXIEST MOST BEAUTIFUL FIRST LADY EVER. LAURA BUSH? HILLARY CLINTON? MICHELLE OBAMA? LOL. NO CONTEST. #TRUMP STRUCK GOLD
You mean Trump BOUGHT gold.
Nice sentiment - but honestly, @FLOTUS, do you and your hubby even live on the same PLANET?...
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N. If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man, they won't be around much longer!
Good, about time..apologizer in chief is GONE!
You looked so happy to be far away from Potus

Thank you for representing America at this event @FLOTUS. Beauty, eloquence and grace. #GodBlessYou ma'am! 
Yes- let's place the highest values on beauty. Way to go.
Beauty attained by many surgeries too!
Best FLOTUS EVER

Who wrote that for you?
Your husband is a  bully.
Since you gave a speech on this subject , see if you can practice what you preached at home first...thanks
- @realDonaldTrump please go to Puerto Rico to give people hope. They need to hear from you personally. God bless.
Enjoy kissing your tiny orange liar . I hope you're not doing it because you have to.
THANK YOU, OUR WONDERFUL  FLOTUS
happy you are here.
Pssst..yea you! Whom evers writing this... ITS NOT WORKING! Quit now while you still have dignity!! Save yourself!!
You are an amazing woman!  With strength untold!  No one else can wear your shoes and wake up to face hooligans called AMERICANS! Hongera!
TY. Great job
Si o no


Merica!
Good on @FLOTUS for pretending like EVERYTHING is fine while her husband is loosing his mind in front of our very eyes. #theshipissinking
#TakeTheKnee
PLEASE KEEP SPEAKING OUT FOR PEACE, AND COMMON SENSE.
Praying for our first family!
Are you applying for asylum?
You are the classiest and sweetest @FLOTUS we have had in over 8 years! God Bless YOU and all you and @POTUS do & STAND4! We love you both!
Classic? Playboy female they're classic?
Can you tell your husband to stop tweeting? Thanks.

are you autistic too?
I appreciate your encouragement.Is there any way to get your husband to stop dividing the US?Pls push him to retire so we all can have peace
We are so proud of you!
THANK U MELANIA!
You want 32+ US citizens to die. You want mid low poor to have distroyed lives
You want citizens to lose health care  safety nets house food
You don't lead anything American as you just bought your way into America.  Paid far to much too!
FIne, but save American lives in Puerto Rico. Your chance to be a First Lady HERO!! 
Good to meet a real leader in Trudeau ,real man in Prince Harry instead of the old wrinkled draft dodger wailing at home @realDonaldTrump
I was supposed to be there
We love you Melania. You set the trend for fashion and style. Your love for America brings pride to our hearts. MAGA. 



Is there a bone-spur division for those poor young men who longed to serve, but were struck down at an early age with chickenshitism?

She didn't lead or do anything to promote this before. She showed up for photo ops.
Your the best looking first lady we have ever had keep up the good work
Rumor has it Don has FL girlfriend.   Leave.
Eşinizin kulağına fısıldarmısınız, benim tivitlerimi neden siliyor? Ben de onu sildim.
Thank you for supporting our brave troops!
That's a really great thing to see . God Bless Them All!
It was so wonderful to see you there representing our country with your usual style & grace. 
And its nothing to do with you, but he has to go
Yes
Deflection... feed full of supremacy! You can't  lick Mrs. OBAMA'S shoes. Uneducated, mail ordered porn star.... SAD!!! BELIEVE ME!!
She speaks six different languages, and was born a female unlike Michael Obama.
Don't think so Mel...surprising you're off your leash. What team activities doe your son partake in, or is he grounded too. Really a US rep?

Hey tell your husband to shut up
Beautiful first lady Melania Trump 6
Leave- we don't want you here.
Amazing.  Thank you for your presence there.
It's so good you're not in America to hear your husband talk crazy about Kim
Such hate from the loving left
Where are the pompous!
Pompoms!

FLOTUS is always positive & encouraging & classy! Haters & losers on the left will continue to do what they do-hate!! We love our First Lady
Melania stole Michelle's speech AGAIN. Just changed a few words. https://www.facebook.com/BoycottAllThingsTrump/photos/a.977175382314092.1073741825.491767317521570/1885717268126561/?type=3 … … MELANIA IS BEYOND STUPID
Puerto Rico melania, Puerto Rico.
Loved seeing Prince Harry with you
“I would be very traditional like Betty Ford or Jackie Kennedy,” but with a lot more lube.
What a beautiful lady.
Yea, I Love her modeling pics!

This is directly from the mouth of the current #President of the United States donald #trump ( @realDonaldTrump ) 
Did you steal those words from Michelle Obamas as well?  It is a shame we should even have to ask!
Melania loves America and her words reflect it. This is proof positive she did not steal any words from MO, who hates America. Simple.
Good luck to you, lady.
Can you see and hear the world around you?
Sorry you have to be part of this
Go eat  @FLOTUS

I don't know how you could be honored about anything. You need to crawl under a rock and stay there until the pig is impeached
Go home and disappear
Fixed it!
Can you spell?
so good
Thank you FLOTUS for always representing America with class.
How is your boyfriend? Being a gold digger isn't as easy as you thought? How do you stand to sleep with the Buffon?
You are by far the worse FLOTUS, you've done nothing but be a fashion disaster.
@Stella_Basham @InvictusToronto  #MAGA
You represented our country well
Breaking: Melania Trump @FLOTUS seeks asylum in Canada.
Wonderful spirit & determination of ALL the competitors @ opening ceremony @InvictusToronto! Honored to lead the U.S. delegation! Go team 
So proud of you
Our country has lost its dignity to a #conman and a #nudemodel we were great b4 them & greater when they are gone


Good to see you so involved @InvictusToronto and US team. God bless you and the team and God Bless America.
Where was trump when a lot of these Athletes donated big  financial to the recent disaster how dare he attack these athletes he has no class

#FAKEpresident
You make us proud Melania. Great to have a FLOTUS who loves her country and ALL our citizens.
Thank please don't let Obama Bush deep state kill my Children
Dear I'm Gonna Give You a Pass for now , The rest of it  Not so Much
Thank you dear! God bless you for being you! We love you!
This Journalist from the USA, has uncovered the issue. Please Share !
Will you look into the bill Bill Clinton signed in 1997 that made cps a cash cow. My babies are gone for no reason.
Welcome to Canada we will give you asylum !
You bring beauty inside & out wherever u go, pride & joy to so many today! you are an inspiration to us all. Godspeed dear one @FLOTUS 
c u c k e d  o u t  o f  t h e  g r e e n  y o u  c u c k
Did not need the go team....that is not you.....be yourself
You're no leader. Neither is the sonofabitch you married.
Thank you for being the only light on in the WH. You are a wonderful.
Will you call your husband real quick and tell him not to nuke North Korea?
You need to fire your stylist.

First I have absolutely no respect for any woman who would marry such a dim witted foul. What the hell were you thinking? Oh wait $$$
Did the players at Invictus take the knee?

This Journalist from the USA, has uncovered the issue. Please Share !
Thank you Melania for representing this great country#proudamerican
Haven't you been deported yet?
Melania has had so much plastic surgery she has the same look on her face all the time. Like a scared cat.
ho go ybiddy go Home
Where is your outrage with a 71 year old white man raging and bullying against black sportsmen who protest the deaths of black men by cops!
First Lady! You are just beautiful with a golden soul...Thank you for all you do 
Whatever happened to your anti bullying campaign? Your husband is way out of line and continued to bully citizens who disagree with him. Sad
leave Canada Now! You are not welcome and the policies,immorality and greed Donny spreads is counter to these ganes
Great FLOTUS
