
My daughter loves Korean music
I was deeply impressed by the graceful manners of Melania Trump, First Lady of the United States of America -From South Korea
You are easily fooled.
Two beautifull first ladies. We are truly blessed in the USA to have a First Lady that displays such grace, poise, beauty and charisma
Charisma? .
So  much class  and style!!
Thank you for your elegant smile. I hope to see you again. Thank you 
Her husband is raping my country.



Melania's a lying slag. Big time ho.

trumps base @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
This guy approached me on the metro and asked if I was American, if I spoke English. I replied yes and ignored him. When waiting outside he approaches me again and asks where my genetics are from, if I’m from Korea. I…
"THE wonderful welcome" please find the services of an editor As first lady and wife to a racist POS who hates immigrants your command of the English language should be better




It’s okay — We haven’t forgotten you. We wonder on a daily basis what is wrong with you and your sense of values. Where is your self respect? Why would you choose to stay with a “man” who devalues your worth by his actions? I guess you sold out
Melania, how can you stand that cheating , lying, crooked husband of yours? If you want to leave we will help you here in .
She us a vert beautiful First Lady also.  She looks very kind.
MEN SENT ME A EMAIL STRAIT TO JOSEPH PRINCE AND ALL SHE GOES AND ALL NAW SHE SAID HE REMINDS ME TOO MUCH OF THIS TROY AND ALL BYE BUT NOW IM SAYING THIS IM TIGHT WITH LECRAE AND ALL NOW TROY BYE
You went to korea
Not that it matters to you or your supporters but: which Korea ? North or South ?
Chinese  /Koreans eat lotsa fresh fish so they smart so u should feed Donald fish too
Getting some Tips? Just kidding, LOL!
Thank you for bringing back gracefulness to the White House and to being the First Lady of the US. You look like you really enjoyed the company of another First Lady.
Thank you for wonderful welcome President Moon & First Lady Kim and people of Republic of Korea
i don't want to be mean, but with all the hired help you have, why do you look like you just rolled out of bed???? #bedhair
I think it would have been better if you picture with her was more artistic like what you have done in the past.  Please do more of them.
You do not see their face. You are not allowed.
Was für eine wunderschöne Diva diese Melania!
Thank you FLOTUS for representing our country so beautifully!
Eine BILD,wie eine Märchen.. ZWEI Prinzessin
Eine schönes BILD, für KINDER Buch (übernehmen)
Beautiful. 

Amazing picture of two incredible woman 
Two very beautiful and talented ladies. I love this photo. :)
@FLOTUS, you so beautiful and sparkling loves around the world.

Thank you for representing USA w.grace & class. You're so stunning & such a positive role model 4 women today. Keep shining bright Mrs. President, we love you 
You represented us so beautifully
God Bless u President Trump ..I Love  U.please keep doing a great job..No unkind tweets please...Pat Brown
Both r looking very pretty
That picture should be a painting!!!
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
ميلانيا

My very faviorete first lady. Thank you Melania!
That is a genuine hand shake. Demonstrates sincerely, respect, openedness, & accepting. Both Firsts look fantastic! We are lucky to have a beautiful First Lady who is also smart. S.Korea’s First also seem very confident and sincere. Congratulations to both ladies.
Love all of the work your doing 
Sometimes women are more fair than men, have you helped the weak people of Palestine, to get their full independence?

They are both saying I hate my husband!
미국의 이쁜 퍼스트레이디
감사.
What happened to your head?

영어 모르니까 한국말로 하겠습니다.
감사합니다. 아름답습니다. 사랑합니다.
JUST MY OBSERVATION......MELANIA IT’S BEFITTING THAT YOU SHOULD BE WOMAN OF THE YEAR, ALL ATTENTION ON POTUS BUT YOU ARE NOT UNNOTICED BY ME, YOU ARE A CLASSY, BEAUTIFUL, GRACEFUL AND A POSITIVE ADDITION TO THE PRESIDENCY A REFRESHING CHANGE OF PACE
Hope you all go to jail,watching Richard Engel on MSNBC
It is wonderful the respect our President and First Lady are shown.
Thank you for being a first class lady you are loved, admired, respected and appreciated every minute of everyday
Melania is all class!
So elegant and knows how to conduct and present herself in other cultures.  So refreshing!
This is one of the best picture I see of you, Our First Lady who is always smile, and so elegant! We love you and your family!
Two beautiful ladies married to two powerful men just trying to get along on this journey through life. No jealous BS, just peace and acceptance of each other!
Good Good
Thanks for sharing your beautiful photos! Great job!

Welcome
Our new First Lady is the epitome of “Classy Lady”...  She is gorgeous
What are graceful person you are!! 
TWO BEAUTIFUL REAL LADYS. IT'S BEEN ALONG TIME WE HAVE HAD BEAUTIE IN R WHITE HOUSE.
Wonderful picture: just likes in heaven  ( himlen ).  Vackra sköna färger. Very nice.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
You’re absolutely beautiful and gracious Melania 
mum n dad.visit to burma.yes.i agree with my dad president announcement in vietnam(to buy US products)
Did you smile and beg for asylum through pursed lips?
Now that is a First Lady to be proud of! beats first football player!
Did you Pole dance
Beautiful ladies.
Great photo. For photo album that can be cherished for the remainder of time.
Two beautiful First Ladies. The hospitality and the graciousness showed so well. Thank you both.
Beautiful picture, just beautiful! The picture that is worth a thousand words....perfect is one of those


SHE DOES EVERYTHING MICHELLE DOES
干杯 to a great First Lady! #animmigranttookmyjob
Thank you for being such abeautiful and classy first lady.
Awesome
What a beautiful welcome received by all ..to our beautiful FLOTUS&POTUS.. Thank you All for the beautiful welcome they received by China & all the Countries they visited..
A truly beautiful and gracious First Lady! Thank you Melania for representing us so very well!
So proud of the job you do representing the American people with class and kindness.

Melania, that is a beautiful picture, it is truly genuine.
Thank you, Ma'am, for bringing elegance back to the White House
SOOOOO BEAUTIFUL!!!!!
Wishing long lasting bnding.
Amitab Doshi.
Thank you melania
Wow! Both are so beautiful & elegant.
@jjangtex so wonderful...
Your beautiful Melania and we respect you always 
Melania is fabulously beautiful woman. It is a pleasure to look at Melania.
You are hateful
We love you
What better FLOTUS could we have representing America in the World, Malania gives it "Class and Style" everywhere she goes!
Someone must've taught Baron how to tweet. That tweet is way past her vocabulary
Classy ladies!
We love you Melanie. Thanks4being such a classy lady. I’ve always been a proud American but you and president trump remind me why I love 
That's a wonderful picture.
Thank you For your tremendous representation for our Country.........
You look so beautiful. I am very proud of our First Lady!
FLOTUS!
Class
Indeed
Great picture. Thanks to both of you lovely ladies.
Beautiful photo!!
You made us proud. You presented yourself beautifully Loved your gowns. So beautiful.  Good job
Beautiful, gorgeous First Lady Melania
Beautiful picture 
The only thing I can say is there two beautiful woman !
YOU look very intelligent, I mean the First Lady Kim, because the other one is a Dump as her daddy, SAD! #impeachTheDumps
You looked so Beautiful Melania
Please stay there
Beautiful smile, stunning.
What a pretty picture of both of you ladies. Thank you for everything you do.
Your both lovely
Classy First Lady - You represent America well 
@realDonaldTrump is a lucky man, very beautiful
I’m so thankful for how you and the President were welcomed and treated. You always looked beautiful. Two lovely First Ladies!
We have an incredible 1st lady!
Classy! Great job by our first lady! So proud of you and The Donald.
So proud to have Melania as First Lady representing America
When last time you seen a more beautiful elegant first lady...
Our First Lady is Stunning @FLOTUS
Two gorgeous ladies
@FLOTUS you did an amazing job of representing our country and the people of the United States. Your grace and poise has set a great example for the young women of this great nation.

I am proud of our First Lady. Such class.
What a nice pic
@SheriffClarke 
Love FLOTUS!
The classiest First Lady since Jackie

thank you~^^
republic of korea
you are the best !!!!
Love and respect our First Lady. Proud to be an American.
Melania. Your smile was beautiful. Thank you
Very beautiful picture
You are elegant
Thank you your smile is so beautiful. I hope to see you again
What beauties!  God bless!
We are lucky to have such a beautiful & classy First Lady!  Saw photos & videos of you in Asia. Terrific photos & videos of you & @realdonaldtrump!  Loved the zoo video & the panda behind you!  God bless you!
beautiful
