Thank you @FLOTUS for being elegance, Class,  Christmas and the Love of our Country Back to the White House
..Bringing
'being' works too 
And a thank you to @FLOTUS for the beautiful decoration design and great heart  Thank you for all your loveGOD BLESS YOU

Just beautiful, Melania! 
The Ballet company was a very nice touch.
And the decorations are the most beautiful in YEARS!

YOU'RE FIRED, lol.hes. You're family is the biggest joke in America. You guys made a mockery of the election process and America is no longer respected around the world. I can't wait to see the impeachment hearing on television.
I love it.

Enjoy it, it's gonna be your only.
MERRY CHRISTMAS !!  @FLOTUS @realDonaldTrump  Barron and family!

My personal favorite...
No one EVER looks more gorgeous than our @FLOTUS 
Proud beyond explanation!
Our White House looks absolutely beautiful! We so appreciate #Flotus MERRY CHRISTMAS so wonderful to have our WHITE HOUSE=ACKNOWLEDGMENT 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
What do  you mean by that the Obama's celebrated every year christmas and had a christmas card so.

Will you leave the country  voluntarily after liddle Donny is in prison or will you have no choice?
that’s too much to ask for, she can count her money
Thank you FLOTUS -Melania.  You bring joy and dignity to your position.  We are so encouraged by your gracious and dignified way.
Our First Lady truly is a vision of class & beauty.
Somebody inform ridiculous #Voguemagazine how beautiful it is with no condoms on the tree or ornaments of Mao!
سال نو 2018 مبارک
Happy Holidays!
This was so lovely...thank you for showing us the splendor of The White House...The People's House. Merry Christmas First Lady!!!
We finally have a first class CLASSY FIRST LADY !
I so agree!!
Proud to have a lady with class in the White House.
Class? She was a model. A mindless bimbo. She hired designers like in Trump towers. Obama had class, and brains. That's why Melanla used Michelle's speech. The one time she had to speak. That's not class.
Thank you for beautifully decorating WH for Chrstmas
Un décor féerique magnifique pour une splendide first lady bravo madame décor plus que réussi!!
 Fabulous Flotus Melania
White House is stunningly decorated!
I love that @flotus had ballet dancers. Ballet is so beautiful. I know it's not everyone's cuppa, but is a beautiful art form. Love it!!!
Merry Christmas!
It was very beautiful!
Our @FLOTUS is the very best! MAGA.    God bless @FLOTUS
So elegant.
Thank you.  The Vivid Ballet did a beautiful job. Stunning!
Absolutely beautiful! Thank you and @POTUS for Making Christmas Great Again! 
Thank you, you and those that helped you, did a beautiful job. I really enjoyed watching the video.
So very beautiful 
WE ♡♡♡♡ @FLOTUS
How beautiful @FLOTUS
Beautiful Job Flotus.I love it.

As a huge supporter of the Arts. i find it sad… Actually repulsive. That Vivid Ballet Company would dance in, around or have anything to do with this current administration's White House. It will blemish on your future with potential, sponsors, patrons and audiences
Your Husband Our President is The GREATEST!!!
WE the people elected him to #MAGA and he is doing just That!! Thank You Flotus for your exquisite WH decorations.And in everything you do

Merry Christmas! Thank YOU @FLOTUS for bringing such beauty & class back to the White House! Thank you for all of your hard work!
Beautiful! Thank you for all you are doing.
Such class.
Thank you, First Lady, for a beautiful job well done! God bless you and yours!
Bringing artistic excellence and beauty to the White House. Thank you!
You did a wonderful job!
Hey  Dear Melania We also thank Vivid Ballet Co for helping you make 
Everything so special for us a Christmas 
surely to cherish n remember fond n
Beautiful memories to remember akways n forever ♰
How appropriate....the White House looks like a Whore House.
Just missing a nude model ... oh wait, we have one - FLOTUS.
Beautiful job, Melania. You are a beautiful and classy First Lady
She really is! She makes me proud! She seems so sweet...  love her!

Why do all her clothes look like she walk right out of Handmaidens Tale?
Beautiful pics 
First lady is so beautiful and had impeccable taste
Breathtakingly beautiful.. & super smart

I adore her

Such a wonderful family.. Barron is delicious & Dad.. My hero !!
Trump is the hero the world needs, his actions are turning things back to how they should be.
He’s done nothing but good .. not that the biased establishment media ever report it.. They continue to attempt to stick negative labels on him.. & they fail every time!

#MAGA
The media have lost the young generations, they see this nonsense and how lame and uncool all the pundits, actors, msm have become and it's putting them off the left in droves. Nothing is worse to kids than corny, uncool authuterian lameness.
Beautiful!
Want a beautiful Christmas backdrop for the ballet. Very nice!
Cool sexy
Beautiful Melania! Thank you!
Our White House is lovely decorated for Christmas this year. Thank you @FLOTUS  
Only this interested me
The White House is beautiful at Christmas!
@nbcsnl  you mean the "dead branches and mysterious shadows and when you open the elevator blood comes out".
The Christmas decorations are so beautiful 
So sad .

What an evil , empty vessel you are .

Enjoy your last Christmas in the WH .
Melania I have never seen the White House EVER decorated so elegantly in my lifetime! It looks like a winter wonderland! Thank you for all you do for our nation!!!
You can see right through the tree in the middle, it’s bare and you can see the artificial inside of the tree.   You’d think they’d fix that before a photo shoot. They’re too busy covering up Russian interference in the White House to worry about a bald fake Christmas tree.

Thank you Melania for keeping your clothes on. Your nude pictures make you the classiest #golddigger ever in the @WhiteHouse.  Maybe you should switch from bullying to where your real talents lie?
& I wonder what Annie's background is that David refers to that they both needed to forget.  Worse than prostitutes?  #90DayFiance
The White House decorations are the most beautiful I have ever seen! Wonderful job Melania!! 
Thank you to my talented children who helped unveil this years decorations..their ballet may be a little rusty though
From the UK! 
Just waiting to hear how that relates to Christmas trees..
The 1st lady that a great job the White House looked spectacular
I wouldn't let @realDonaldTrump around those girls. #YourHusbandIsASexualPredator
I agree!!!
I just knew the White House would be beautiful.  Thank you so much Flotus. Just as beautiful as you are.
Gag me
A BIG AMEN to having a real American Family in the White House.. Thnx Melania,  for putting your heart into the  WH Christmas display

Not to objectify a first lady, but no thanks.
Merry  Christmas, Melania! Your Christmas decorations are magical and stunning!!!
Beautiful Set up for these Great Christmas done with Love and Joy!  For THE KING OF GLORY!
Absolutely stunning dear Melania. Thank you for restoring much needed Grace in the halls of The People's House by Being a Real family with Real morals, Integrity & Love for the People of this country


yeah thanks for our own little hell
Melania looks 10 years older! What happened?

Doesn't that dress come with a hood??
Gorgeous!  #MerryChristmas
Beautiful and inspiring as always Mrs.Trump ;)
Tax payers paid for the ballet dancers right?  Stop wasting our hard earned money
stunning
The decorations are stunning and the ballet performers were great.

Fascist Kleptocracy - it is what our nation is becoming.  #Resist
You are the example of what a first Lady should be.  Thanks more than anything for standing by your man & being a woman of faith.
Ummm

You are truly a angel.  God bless you Melania
So Beautiful!
@FLOTUS 
You looked like an Angel.
#MAGA. #TRUMP2020
Meghan Markle is marrying a Prince, Melania married a Bullfrog.
Go back to Russia and take your husband with you
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha #terribletaste
You are the classiest FLOTUS since Jackie O Melania @FLOTUS I admire your Poise & Grace & you are so intelligent speaking many languages, &  such a good mom. I can tell you adore  Barron BY the love in your eyes when you look at him. #MOMLIFE @Mommato5
You make Dior my favorite now 
Since when Trump supporters can afford Dior? Walmart is more their style
u trolled a post that was more than a month old to attempt to insult someone u don’t know,by calling them poor. u may have more money than I do, but I don’t treat people badly. For that, I’m happy. I’m blessed.
Muy bonito
De Lima... Peru saludos
Que tal
I retweeted this post and liked it a long time ago and it has been undone something or someone keeps undoing my retweets and likes I wish it would stop but they're not going to stop me I'm going to keep retweeting and liking as many times as it takes
Awesome, America is in good hands, White House is Beautiful. Merry Christmas. Thanks Melania,great job.
Absolutely beautiful!
And the Christmas decorations are nice too.
@FLOTUS 
#MailOrderTwunt
Beautiful. Music, Dance and the Arts have a place in a changing world.
Mrs Melania Trump looks more gracious, stylish, and beautiful,than she ever has,in this photo. And her outfit is the perfect match and blends perfectly with the Christmas tree and lights!
It's all absolutely beautiful... Well, done FLOTUS....
Tax dollars fund this spectacle? Use last years shit like the rest of us do and sell your Dior dress and give the money to charity. What a farce!
Merry Christmas, thank you for bringing Christ back to Christmas.
Beautiful Christmas at the White House! Thank you to our wonderful First Lady, Melania Trump!
Love you Melanie! Some of these comments on here or just downright mean but please know that there are people out here that respect you and the president. Merry Christmas Melania!
Feliz Natal, e felicidades na Casa Branca
You are doing a WONDERFUL job as @FLOTUS, making everything as lovely as you are!  Thank you so much!   #WINNING  #MAGA
Psst. Your husband likes to share his bed with pedophiles.
Very Beautiful
Melania Trump. Such a nice person and having to put up with the PIG.

Everything you do for America is first class-thank you
Great job beautiful First Lady Melania Trump.
SO Beautiful ~ God Bless our AWESOME First Lady Melania Trump!

Classic, beautiful, wholesome!
Don't you realize she looks like Stockholm syndrome incarnate?
My favorite trees were always the ones decorated by children. Hope you have some of those, as well. Speaking of kids, they need #CHIP renewed ASAP.
I WOULD LOVE IT IF YOU PUT PICTURES OF THE WHITE HOUSE AT CHRISTMAS TIME ONLINE. THE PICTURES THAT I HAVE SEEN SO FAR ARE BEAUTIFUL. MAY GOD ALWAYS BLESS YOU, PRESIDENT TRUMP AND BARRON& KEEP YOU ALL SAFE
Beautiful decorations!! Also, I love your dress!!
U did an awesome job Melania!!
Oh jeez... would the peanut gallery just SHUT UP for one minute??  Every thing you post is so ugly and hateful.   Give it a rest already
Ahhh poor poor @FLOTUS you may need to start packing your bags. #NotMyPresident #Resist
American Horror Story did it better!
I absolutely love the decorations....pure class just like you. God bless you this Christmas season.
Who doesn't love the first lady of the world
The White House decorations are beautiful.
(But the male dancer looks like he's in his underwear.)
#justsaying
The decorations are gorgeous and tastefully done.. Merry Christmas to you and your family..
Staffer: First Lady, your husband may be arrested
Melania: But there's still trees, sparkly lights & ballet dancers!
Thank you to the talented performers from Vivid Ballet Company who helped us unveil this year's decorations at the @whitehouse. 
Beautiful!
I liked you better when you were pole dancing
Hey Melania if need a new sugar daddy once @realDonaldTrump  is incarcerated look me up
Congratulations @Flotus you made the #WhiteHouse look cold, stark and uninviting.

/  Bello, elegante y maravilloso .              Beautiful, elegant and wonderful
Thank you for bring grace back to the White House.
This years Christmas decorations are the prettiest I have seen in at least 15 years at the White House. Gorgeous. 
Your decorations are Grand. You did a GREAT JOB. you!!!
The White House is beautiful this Christmas- don’t listen to the haters (this artist says job well done!)
Thank you for bringing grace back to the Whitehouse!
Despite the dress, we all know you’re no angel. Take your husband and go back to NYC, at least until he and the kids go into prison.
you are such a Beautiful LADY  Thank you for everything you do 
Beautiful inside and out...
Beautiful Dancer's. I love Ballet. I still have my worn out pink ballerina shoes and the dress my Mom made for my recital. #MerryChritmas  @FLOTUS  You have decorated the #WhiteHouse Magically!
So beautiful! The decorations are gorgeous and the ballet thru the trees was Magical! 
Great job
We have the Most Gracious, Kind, Classy & Beautiful @FLOTUS in #MelaniaTrump  @POTUS is 1 Lucky Guy. Im very Happy we have her. I was a lil baby girl when Jacqueline Kennedy was in the WH. I must say Im Happy to be living in this day & age. We have a Beautiful 1st Family! 
#FakePresident & clan arranging their last Christmas in WH 
   #UNTRUMP THE WORLD  #FREETWITTER  
  http://trumpmusicvideo.com  
  https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
It would be cool if they did porn like Melania. I dig that our country is run by adulterers and pornstars.
Thank You for being our First Lady, you have done a Fantastic job decorating the White House, it looks Beautiful. Ignore evil black-hearted media & jealous bitches. WIN

Seems the left only likes ILLEGAL immigrants who they can get on their rolling polls. They sb ashamed of themselves! U
You looked so lovely Melania.  Stay strong with all the hate that comes from the liberal left.  We know you are a very strong woman with convictions, and not phased by all the hatred.  This was a very beautiful event.
Mrs. Trump you are so lovely. Very proud of you.
Gosh, you obviously go in for Christmas balls
Beautiful!
Fairytale scenery. Love it 
Low key thought Melania was wearing a candle chandelier on her head in the first pic
Poor little #MelaniaTrump. She got no friends. #sad 

@realDonaldTrump #Lonely #Leavetrump
Thank U @FLOTUS  ! Beautiful,classic and Elegant !
You have brought back The Wonder and Magic of Christmas Spirit !
Jesus Reins In The WH once again !
.
#MerryChristmas #GodBlessAmerica  @FLOTUS
Hiring people to decorate takes zero talent or skill. Did you hire the same decorators that put that hideous gold-like laminate over your homes?
Bravo to you beautiful lady. Bringing back class to America's House, your home for 8 years, what a calming warm blessing it is. God bless you and your family, and a very merry Christmas. I would so love to see it in person, to experience your home just once. Maybe someday. 
Beautiful and happy happy holiday holidays and MERRY CHRISTMAS to you & family & everyone! 

The naysayers make the absurd notion it’s not Christians, however they’re idiots! Christmas is in your heart and besides, we keep winning!
@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS
Looks like she is crying out for help.  SOMEONE PLEASE RESPOND TO THIS WOMAN’S CRIES FOR HELP!!!  GET HER OUT!!!
Hello I think your decorating is absolutely almost as beautiful as you, don't let those left wing, liberal, lunatics get you down. I know it must be difficult, but your husband is really trying to save America literally 
The WH looks absolutely gorgeous 
Most Beautiful Christmas Decorations EVER 
The White House looks beautiful! Thank you Melania @FLOTUS
Oh my gosh! That's breath taking. I wish I could see that, in person
It is the most beautiful we have ever seen!Classy,tasteful and just beautiful!!Ty for representing our country with such class FLOTUS

LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE your elegant and beautiful look!!! Impeccable in every way. Perfection! Merry Christmas FLOTUS Melania!
#bearinatutu #peoplearenotdecorations #trumpybear
Your husband is the world's biggest criminal "Crooked Donny". What a sham he pulled, especially over those who supports him. Mueller is coming. #LockHimUp
Uncle Julius simply pours some on the curb for talented black lives lost.


That's almost as big of a crowd as was at your tree lighting
Waste........ terrible First Lady
Sad puppy. Go away #complicit. Take your dotard too
So proud of you and your family Mr. President.  Thank you all for your service to our country.  MAGA...
Lord I hope that fat Orange Idiot wasn't running around trying to grab the dancers by their pussies. He brags about being able to do that you know?
You are so beautiful in every way- kind and intelligent - thank you for helping this country to heal- I am so proud of President Trump and you -plus your entire family.
