Is it just me or is @MELANIATRUMP standing like she is thinks she is the queen in this pic?


If @realDonaldTrump could b a star athlete why couldn’t he serve in Vietnam? He took a medical deferment. Several deferments in total.
@realDonaldTrump arrived in hawaii to this
No one looks at gutter trash in the street....
Thats a terrible way to talk about @realDonaldTrump u call him gutter trash. Wow thats harsh. There was also this billboard
Wow thats a horrible comeback. Your kindergarten called. Said you need to go back.


Soon...
Beautiful pikake and rose lei. Welcome to Hawaii President and Mrs Trump!! #lei #hawaii #pikake #aloha #MAGA 
Fake
In what way? Because she knows how to take advantage of a good photo op?
Safe travels, @POTUS & @FLOTUS & and God bless #MAGA
I think its fair to say you will go down as one of the most fashionable flotus
Aloha @FLOTUS AND @POTUS!!! Welcome to the Aloha State!!!
We’re praying your success on your Asian/ Pacific trip!!! God bless you both and all those with you! Mahalo!
Obama’s birthplace. Not Kenya.
Thank you for a warm welcome Hawaii! Aloha! 
Lies
Home state of our greatest president! @BarackObama Mahalo!
You mean the divider in chief, that was one corrupt racist sob
Typical low life
Finally a classy, sophisticated, eloquent and educated First Lady
Being real is the best, it makes you classy, sophisticated, beautiful and educated, the that Michelle Obama was and still is. HaHaha.
You’re a great First Lady
Why? Not like she's done anything.
Awesome! How wonderful! They will love and adore you there! I am glad you had a safe flight!
She did it! She said global warming is real!    
Thank you FIRST LADY MELANIA, YOU are a GREAT REPRESENTATIVE FOR OUR COUNTRY!Thank you for giving your time and caring to us!
They really love the people.
Aloha 
I'm so proud that you are the Floutus! You what is making America great again means ! Keep being there for the unfogoten Americans .
How is she being anywhere for "unfogoten" Americans? (Whatever that means.)
She is real , she exemplifies the dignity and class that each of the forgotten American admires in themselves. She is the image  of kindness
The "forgotten American"? Who is that? She isn't who you think she is. You'll see.
Divina
Que bueno
Go away..YOU SELL OUT
Little Hawaiian Girl:  "I'VE SEEN YOU NAKED!!"
Beautiful isn't she. Can't shame someone who is beautiful in all ways...
She already shamed the us
Aloha @POTUS and @FLOTUS Welcome to Hawaii.... I hope u have a Wonderful vist 
THANK YOU for all you endure and for handling it with the grace that America deserves. God Speed. 

Our fabulous wonderful @FLOTUS!!!! We love and adore you!! Thank you for helping #MAGA 
Would you feel the same way if she were Latino?
What the Hell kind of question is that?
You have the gall to ask that question? I remember someone who announced his candidacy by playing identity politics.
Yes I DO have the gall to ask that! You saw and heard only what you wanted to when YOUR @POTUS announced his candidacy.
Funny how only 35% heard what you did, the rest of the country and world heard something else. Oh well, que sera sera.
Where do you get your "facts"??? 35%?
You're right, it might be lower.
Lovely! #1 on my bucket list is to see Hawaii! I've never been anywhere 
The only time you smile is when your not standing next to that beast of a husband
Except all those protests in a state that absolutely hates you.
Flotus, you & Prophet Potus Trump looked GREAT together after landing in Hawaii. Daily prayer for safe, prosperous trip.God has angels withU
Children really make her smile.
Of course, she is married to a child.
You represent us with class. Thank you!

@FLOTUS wonderful arrival and you were perfect as usual. You do us proud as FLOTUS! Keep up your wonderful work and presentations.
This is so beautiful Melania is such a warm person.
Nice
your doing great @FLOTUS keep up the good work.
beautiful lady

Think she meanskenya
hmm

You going to visit at Barack Obama and get some leadership tips
That picture on the top right reminds me of that time Hill fell under sniper fire

Your right
Great first lady @FLOTUS
Why? What's she done that's so great, aside from photo ops.

Will Trump get to meet with the President of Hawaii?
Alooooooooooha and God bless you! @realDonaldTrump
Wow ! great.
Make sure Daddy, er, Donny doesn’t do hooker pee pee where The Obamas were before him. The Obamas are sacred.
You are a beutifull Lady.
      
Melanie you are inspiring to me as a woman.
#TrumpSexPredator #TrumpSexPredator #TrumpSexPredator #TrumpSexPredator #TrumpSexPredator #TrumpSexPredator #TrumpSexPredator #TrumpSexPredator #TrumpSexPredator #TrumpSexPredator #TrumpSexPredator #TrumpSexPredator #TrumpSexPredator #TrumpSexPredator @realDonaldTrump

http://usa.news-store.com/hp-laptops-found-to-have-hidden-keylogger/ …

Aloha  My Dear First Lady. I lived in Hawaii for 17 Years. It's Part of My Being


You can never think of innocent Muslim children. Who suffering from your terrorism ...
Little Muslim children suffer from their own terrorism. Their own people use them as bombs.
Melania is an illegal illiterate pornwhore stuck in a loveless fake marriage. Where is the wedding photos? Your whole life is a LIE!
So illegal immigrants from the Middle East and Mexico get to stay but our president's own wife can't? Hypocritical but hey that's liberals
It was so fun to see you guys!! Thank you for all the service your family gives!
In Hawaii, everyone gets "lei'd". Only time Dotard will get some while in Hawaii, AMIRITE FLOTUS?? BTW, is your sugar daddy still worth it?
Way to represent homosexuals, with insults against good people, AMIRITE.?
Come on, there's good people on both sides. BOTH SIDES!
I HAVE to agree, there are amazing g people on ALL SIDES.... why can't we come together like Reagan and O'Neil?
Well, b/c I’m pretty sure neither of them were openly racist bigots supporting American Nazis and actively dividing the country
Sadly, neither is @realDonaldTrump , but for some reason, it's become liberal folklore, like Obama being a Kenyan Muslim in ALT RIGHT mythos
Funny how he keeps retweeting known racists and bigots, fills his staff with same, has nice things to say about Nazis that killed a girl...
What nice things. G did he say exactly. A video would be better than heresay...
Wishing you ALL in USA a safe & loving THANKS GIVING. There is indeed a lot to be " thankful for" in both the USA an globally in the past year! Have a wonderful day USA 
Welcome to Kenya the Birthplace of @BarackObama 
Beautiful pictures from beautiful people- thank you form making America look great again @FLOTUS!
God Bless you, @FLOTUS ALOHA 

Who’s that powerful looking guy bottom middle?
May God continue to bless you & keep you safe in your travels. You are loved by many  so don't take to heart the bad things a few ppl say.
America needs you as First woman president
Do you ever take your sun glasses off when greeting people?  It seems kind of rude.
Thanks you First Lady for bringing Class and Grace Back to the White House and to the ladies of the USA
Beautiful First Lady!
FINALLY after 8yrs a 1st Lady who LOVES America and represents us with her Grace & Beauty unlike michelle obama
Thank you
You look gorges The First Lady. Please keep his iPad away while in Asia, no tweet.
Getting Lei'd in Hawaii! THANK GOD it was done by someone else! I HOPE it doesn't HICKS your plans 2 TIFFANY's! I HOPE you get 2 TIFFANY'S!!
Thank you for representing American women and Moms
Melania thank you for returning true class to the First Lady of America... And for representing us with honor n dignity...ty
You are the good ole boy, undercover racist, the best first lady, you are just as confused as trump, that girl didn't mine showing her body
DON'T FORGET TO TELL YOUR HUSBAND TO MAKE SURE HE TALKS TO THE HAWAIIAN PRESIDENT I'M SURE THEY WILL BE TREMENDOUS FRIENDS AS VIRGIN ISLANDS
.aloha
Have a great trip.
Melania, Hawaii is lovely and I hope you enjoy your stay. Also try Loco Moco for breakfast. Sticky rice, spam or a burger patty, fried egg, and gravy. It doesn't sound very good but it is the best thing for a hangover! I'm fairly sure 44 can vouch for it. @MAGA @POTUS @POTUS44
Yes, she should ask Michelle for advice.
Good you received a warm welcome in Hawaii First Lady Melania 
My favorite vacation place.
Melania Trump is the most beautiful wonderful woman
Bring Me Back Some Sea Shells Please..  
Not The Imported From China Ones....
Enjoy #Hawaii
Your in Obama’s home state nice
We love you @FLOTUS !!!
I think she's doing the best she can with the position she's in.....and I have NO liking for Trump
Are you aware that this is the home of President Obama? The first state your husband started the lie about President Obama's birthplace.
What a show.
Photo op is what they're all about.
Beautiful.  I'm proud of you mam
Did you and the orange ape find Obama’s birth certificate there yet??

LMAO at all these jealous snowflakes here..theyre so heartbroken :D
God Bless you!
Most graceful and beautiful First Lady
So proud of our beautiful First Lady!!
They really hate you there! They're all paid actors
I like you , Melanie.
What a thrill for that little girl!
Thank you Melania. You guys r doing great. Enjoy ur trip.
Hawaii despises tiny trump for his ridiculous, loony birther accusations. You should be ashamed to step stilletos on Hawaiian soil.
thank you Melanie for being such a good role model
We are so damn proud of you!!!!

#NoFilter: What part of "Welcome to Kenya" was a warm welcome? 
you seem so genuine and warm - not surprised
Have a great trip. Can't wait to see your outfits. We love you.
Run away!! Ask for being refugee....
Aloha Melania -the people always greed you with open arms !
Enjoy the taste of pineapples  and leave the sour taste of vinegar to LIBERALS
Be careful. According to Hillary, it looks like you landed under sniper fire.
My daughter Big Boss
All children love our FLOTUS!!
Birthplace of the greatest modern president, President Obama. I am afraid they hate that orange bloated mess you're married to.
Finally a HOT! FLOTUS.
You truly make me so proud when I see your graceful actions and lovely appearance at each meeting.
Mahalo!
NICE.I can just smell the flowers.the smiles inviting.take in that great island air.DO NOT take home volcano rocks
Welcome to Kenya
You need to stop tweeting about Hawaii Melania do you understand me I well take control over everything and you and you stupid husband
I am so proud of MY FIRST FAMILY.
You are very sexy woman
Such a wonderful First Lady....Beautiful too!
Aloha also means goodbye 
FLOTUS is the best!
Wish i could go to hawaii, or someplace warm and have it paid for.
Why don't u just ask Hillary or Obama to give you some of their corrupt DNC $$ HEY there's a thought  #MAGA #POTUS #45 #FLOTUS #TRUMP 
Thank you for your grace and class. I am so happy that you are our FLOTUS!
Imagine the poor kid who had to give a lei to mr trump ....ewww
So sweet.
Beautiful lady 
Melanie here is your chance to dump 45 explore your options!
Stripper
Don't be fake like your hubbie. @flotus
We love you guys. Be safe out there and have a great trip.
Enjoy Kenya!

Aloha means Hello, Good-bye and I love you
Yes Melania, a keen observation,  the weather was warm .........
Trump's best asset 
We love you! 
Awesome.

it's possible to respect all for the greater good. The "dump truck" you mention took care of her family. The values we demand
I agree that’s why voted for Trump because he and his family have some amazing values for country
cool. I was talking about the one with a non narcissistic husband in a marriage to a woman he respects. All good.
Hi mumy
The pics r as staged as your tweet and as silly as your cyber bullying statements. You are such a ridiculous joke & national embarrassment.
The crowd, biggest ever
You are a decent woman.  #DivorceTrump. The other wives did!
Beautiful hug!
It is the best feeling knowing we have true patriots leading our country! Ignore the haters. They have nothing better to do!
Beautiful
You make real Americans proud
Love seeing you and our President on your Asian Trip.  You look beautiful, polished, well dressed, ladylike, and kind.  Thank you for representing us so well!
See how most Americans love the President and First Lady?! 

When a fake President is held to a higher standard than a real one.
That is so sweet
Love the pictures.
You mean, Kenya?
Praying for safe travels I and many millions love u Guard your heart
Thank You and President Trump
For being you
Loving and caring
WTP so Proud as you bring us HOPE
You are Loved from the Hearts of Millions
They didn't want you there! Birtherism bs and insulting Hawaii does not go over well!
I didn't know that Hawaii was a state! Wasn't Obama born there, and thus not a US citizen? Why are you and donald in that country?
Super fun girl
We love you First Lady and President Trump!!! Thank you so much for all you do! God bless you both.
Yes we do praying for all of you
http://Www.irishwholovePresidentTrump.com  
Hi Melania
ALOHA
beautiful and graceful First Lady

Every time you talk!


And now she is First Lady, American Dream!
She's a Immigrant Who has done ZERO 4 United States except Cost Taxpayers and Show up 4 Photo Ops A Embarrassment
