
Love this beautiful FLOTUS
If you really care about children,  stand up to your husband and the other Republicans and demand outlaw of assault rifles and increase funding and overhaul of background checks!

Michael Cohen had told friends privately in the initial aftermath of the news of his role in the Stormy Daniels payment was, and I quote, “bullshit” and “fake news.” He is admitting to Maggie here that he was lying to close friends. Surprise! https://twitter.com/maggienyt/status/963602298655117312 …
Write a book

Do you the best first lady

Melania Trump isn't having a very happy Valentine's day. First Michael Cohen confirmed that Stormy Daniels was paid off & now the WH will not reveal the immigration status of Melania's father who lives in America and was a member of the Slovenian Communist Party 
…


White House reporter @PeterWSJ heard Melania Trump was running up military flight costs. So I FOIA'd her travel records and found before her move to Washington she spent more than $675,000 in 3 months. …
Did Santa bring you a new Stormy Daniels porn episode?
Hi melania , you are best First Lady ever 
It's so fantastic to have a positive , beautiful classy first lady!!
Poštovanje lepotice
Poštovanje lepotice

#StopAfrinGenocide
Instead of tracking Santa you should have been tracking your hubby while he was banging that pornstar behind your pregnant back
wish you knew of us heart people Afghanistan


#noflyzone4afrin
Thank God we finally have a First Lady who's actually a lady! MAGA! 
Hello Ms Melania Trump 
help Afrin 
#NoFlyZone4Afrin #NoFlyZone4Afrin #NoFlyZone4Afrin #NoFlyZone4Afrin #NoFlyZone4Afrin #NoFlyZone4Afrin #NoFlyZone4Afrin
#NoFlyZone4Afrin
#NoFlyZone4Afrin #NoFlyZone4Afrin
#NoFlyZone4Afrin
#NoFlyZone4Afrin
Remember folks she was in the adult entertainment industry before marrying Trump the picture is quite suiting
Got Donny a porn star for Christmas?
Thank God for Photoshop, right?

I'm sure that was the perfect job for you in Whitehouse 
Make it look like you did something*... Anything**
#TrumpShutdown


Very busy.
you are  so sweet....
Renew #CHIP. The kids with be able to thank you because they'll be alive and healthy. @HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @tedlieu @GovHowardDean @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Srezna Nova Godina
give the kids a woody why don't ya!
Not appropriate picture. It looks like your old pictures from your Playboy days!! Not acceptable for kids but I am sure the over 21's will enjoy it!

What's wrong with your eye?
Hi
Love you!
bellissima!!!!!!
Nice


Ya .I too did not believe he would be stupid to take the job. I though he was just gonna raise money and leave Just like Ron Paul did  Trump could have raise 100 mill EZ as an independent candidate. Well enjoy the new wall paper
You are doing a great job and so is the President
You are making me feel pround to be a American again
Thank You both
I am so proud that America finally has a great President and a great First Lady. I'm so sad and also angry the   MSM are so hateful! I occasionally check the networks and they're awful ! We love you great work for this country!!!!!!
#Trump
Is this one of your centerfold photos? What a trashy photo. I would never let you around my daughter. Disgusting role model. Low life Trumps
But you don't believe in science! How can Norad track anything?
The real gift is love! Jesus being born, just church on Christmas and family is all its about. Too much about presents.
Have a beautiful Christmas Melania, you have a big heart. Merry Christmas!

Wonderful charitable work.
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK INSPIRING ME TO FOLLOW MY DREAMS BECAUSE IT MIGHT WHAT I WAS DO. I WILL FOCUS ON ONE IDEA ANDREW IS THE WORLD A BETTER PLACE FOR SHARING AND CARING FOR CHILDREN THIS HOLIDAY SEASON.
GREAT SELFIE. TO HADES HALL WITH THE CRITICS & MAINSTREAM MEDIA.
@FLOTUS hello
Santa Claus ain’t real. Tell them the truth.
How do you do it?
once a model, always a model....too bad you cannot use your new role to help promote ideals like Michelle Obama.....
Awww very sweet classy lady mrs trump love you
Nice picture.
We have A VERY BRAVE #potus and @flotus.
Be blessed
Interesting
Such a noble cause. 
Merry Christmas Melania.
Beautiful picture in the spirit of the holiday. In regards to your detractors...much classier than the previous flouts shaking her ass on the Tonight Show.


You so nice lady but your luck because trump is your husband's
Melania, help stop this @realDonaldTrump IF THIS IS TRUE  https://yournewswire-com.cdn.ampproject.org/c/yournewswire.com/california-jerry-brown-schools-gay-sex/amp/ …,  YOU AS OUR PRESIDENT MUST STOP IT!~ ;
Marry Christmas
That would be so much fun. I hope you had a good time on your island. 
You should help kids understand #racism and #bullying you bimbo. @noradsanta puppet
Melania LIED about being Fluent in 5 languages. Watch what she really said to those kids. OMG
You have truly brought class, intelligence and elegance to the White House. God Bless
I hope you help children of DACA and the CHIP program too.
16-year-old Ahed Tamimi from the occupied village of Nabi Saleh was indicted on 5 counts of assaulting Israeli terrorist forces after defending her home. Ahed's mother, Nariman Tamimi, is being charged for incitment on social media, and for assault.
wishing a very happy New year stay safe and bless you and your all family.
Gott Nytt År! Hoppas 2018 blir lika bra för dig! Du gör ett bra jobb! M.v.h Conny
This continuous public slaughter of innocents cannot be tolerated and the world cannot stay silent anymore; the world governments will be responsible for the cruelty of the regime if they stay silent even for another second. 
 #IranProtests
Gorgeous
We need some iPads for my PK classes, its a private school. Do you know where I can get someone to donate 4? Please let me know. Thank you in advance for your time and consideration.

Let the heads of the western and eastern countries close the embassies and #diplomatic ties of the Islamic Republic's terrorist organization and expel the #terrorists. It is only a way of protecting the #Iranian people and…
You are awesome, Melania. Thank you for what you do.
Santa is about as real as your husband’s tan and grasp of tax policy.
You’re fabulous Mrs. President First Lady  We love you
Merry Christmas Melania! God Bless You!

Think these kids saw Santa?  Think about this as your son stuffs his face.
Mr President Donald Trunp No post you Twitter
UU ROCK
Why don’t you tell your husband to find children’s insurance
Perhaps you can help the kids in Puerto Rico find the Santa of Electricity and Water! You know. ..just bare necessities
First Lady Trump, a poor puppy was leftist outside and froze to death in Michigan. Can you help animal rights with laws protecting them from horrible owners
yeah, cos tracking Santa is like charity work, right? Oh, sorry, it’s all about rich people having fun, forgive my naiveté! 

Have you ever done a real job?
What is that you do exactly?
Why don't you help the kids track something important like their healthcare? All kids do NOT believe in Santa, but ALL kids DO need healthcare. Priorities please, or stop calling yourself a FLOTUS. Sad.
#frist_time_moderate_thought
Tamim slaves of the Mamluks leave the wise and the minds !!!
https://a.top4top.net/p_477w63ur1.jpg 
Can you please recite the Michelle Obama speech, please. Thank you
happy New year gorgeous melania  ..  

We flew over the Atlantic at midnight on Christmas eve helping NORAD spot Santa. My wife and I confirmed with the DELTA Airlines cabin supervisor that a small red light followed by a shiny white object were clearly visible out of the left side of the plane!
“Merry Christmas. . .  Happy New Year.  And oh by the way, you’re (people at the HIV council) all FIRED”
What happened to ending cyber bullying? Did you forget about that or simply give up when you realized you were tied to the worlds biggest bully?
#gorgi
We’ll be looking forward to tracking your arrest and deportation by ICE as an illegal immigrant
You need to just track your best path out of this country, and take your lying husband with you, with luck, the rest of the family will follow.

to also north korean people also.if you live peace ully in the world.
The magnolia tree they are cutting down at the white house .. I would hope that the groundskeepers  take several starts off this historic tree to clone/root so it's can live on..
Can you track the where abouts of #Baron

Thank you , we care and pray for you and your family
IS TRUMP THE SANTA?  HE SHOULD NOT BE LEFT ALONE WITH A GIRL.  MELANIA PLEASE MAKE SURE OF THAT.
Love u and Mr.Trump God Bless 
beautiful, beautiful and an amazing first lady you are. So happy to the back of  the Obama's
You are beautiful, ignore the trolls. Merry Christmas and happy new year!
Great picture.
Merry Christmas  Wishing You  Joy , Peace Hope . Love 
& Happy New Year
Class act
We missed Michelle. No class in the white house now.
We’re so sorry Democrats are being so low with you all. They have no boundaries, no limit. That only makes you all HEROES in our eyes. Thank you for enduring such hardship. It’s a lie president Trump & you all are the least popular. Truth: your followers are being silenced
If people do not want to sign up for Obammacare they should have to. I think it is great that the Congress did away with the personal mandate at least I won't get fined for not signing up.
Fake Russian 1st family!

Hhhhh
You are loved and respected. You are a Wise woman. Please know always your family is being prayed for!

