It's @POTUS and ME not @POTUS and I. PLEASE use proper grammar. You are the First Lady and allegedly a role model for our youth!
I am proud of u
Wonderful!
@seanspicer ..is that you?

POTUS and me. Not I.
Glad you are so perfect 
Thank you for thinking so, but I assure you, I am far from it! I like to be helpful when I can, however.  Cheers!
STORMY
GET THE BUTTON AWAY FROM LITTLE FINGERS MAN ,, OR WE ALL LOOK LIKE COSTUME OF BONES ?????????????????????????
All flint children want is water
#LETPUIGDEMONTFREE
Just how does ones kids get lucky enough to get to trick or treat at the white house?
Why not hire a professional photographer, not someone with a cel phone and a bunch of strange filters. PS. Sorry, Melania :-( Must be tough
we got treats today too! #MuellerMonday
Happy Halloween First Family!this White House event!#Halloween2017
She’s kind, loves children and since she speaks five languages, she’s a great asset to national communications.
Who really cares about how many languages she speaks, I mean really.
21 followers. Looks like no one really cares about is…you.
@FLOTUS was out on a naked photoshoot and was saved by grace!
Yes a lot of tricks for POTUS.  THE RUSSIAN KIND.
looks like great fun! I really appreciate all you are doing as First Lady!

Cool that that kid dressed like the presidency
Bet @POTUS freaked out watching all those kids in costume wondering if they were wired? 
Or Hillary showing up as POTUS.
*& me

Also, I’m sure adults dressed as FBI agents will be knocking soon...
Yep on Clinton and BO door
Hmmmm... last I checked, none of their former top aides were indicted for treason today. But maybe I missed that? #Bye
Neither was any of Trumps!  Nor did Trump pay $12 million to Russia while using FBI to spy on opposing campaign
Susie so you are saying Manafort and Gates were not aides? And I guess neither was Papadopoulos?
No I’m saying they were charged with money laundering from 10 years ago!
Oh, Susie. It was a lot more than that. So much more. And up to and including when they were part of the campaign. In 2016.
Oh, Erica.  The latest date used in indictment is 2014
Nice Bannon costume.
It's "@POTUS and me," gurl. Also, what will you wear to your husband's sentencing?
It's girl, not 'gurl' and she's @FLOTUS.
Who cares about @FLOTUS44
What happened to this tweet?
<crickets>
#TrickOrTreason
The " Ca-Ca" is starting to hit the fan !
This WEASEL that some consider President IS GOING DOWN !!!
#NOTMYPRESIDENT
Donald dressed up as @AlecBaldwin

Be careful! Donald is in foul mood! Not safe to have children around!!
You believing what "inside anonymous sources" are saying again? You believe the fake news over the real news. SHAME!
Russian bots trying to paint a  picture.  Too much 
Honey go now while you still can...
Great family thank youAmerica1st.
Enjoy your only Halloween in The White House.

@realDonaldTrump @VP @GOP @TheDemocrats @WhiteHouse 
#predatorinchief
#POS_POTUS
#LockHimUp
The gorgeous Melania!

@FLOTUS: It is „to visit me“ not „to visit I“. There is nothing you can do about your accent, but correct use of grammar can be learned.
Same thing went through my head. But......pretty good for a second language 
I thank god for you and president Trump!
what is wrong with you Kool aid drinker ....
Your husband is an online bully.

What are you doing about it?
Most Americans------said that Hillary Clinton should have been indicted

For her crime

News http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8032041/1/ …

I see that POTUS dressed as an orange pumpkin!!
Oh look, a kid who has #Trumpcare!
(A skeleton.)
Nice to see ur still wearing your costumes as well
What a racist comment!

That is so cute.
Very  nice. It shows your care and love for America.  Very gracious as always. Proud to have you as FLOTUS
Don looks like he seen a ghost
Best @FLOTUS ever 

Other than today?
Lynneeeetrolll. Lol ...there was nothing on RUSSIAN COLLUSION TODAY...GIVE YOUR HEAD A GOOD PULL FROM YOUR ....LOL BETTER YET KEEP it there
Turn off Fox, slick
You going TO MAKE ME ...I DARE U FCKTARD
You might want to try some meditation and Xanax. Bless your heart
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …

They are and that was the only ticket he could get in, shows how smart he is since @realDonaldTrump Won and is your President also.#MAGA 
sorry...not my president and he didn't win.
He not even his own.president. lol

A couple Bots here.
No, I'm definitely a live human being. I think the word bot is overused on Twitter.
Good, now be a good person and be more positive, not what you have shown not to be. Have a good night 
You seem to be a very intelligent woman...how can you stand to be married to such a narcissistic misogynistic person who has no regard for others? I realize there’s a financial issue here...but for the sake of your son get a divorce. He’s not worth it
What is trump dressed as wizard of oz



God bless u
Awwww 
Ummmm...WH writer who does this - grammar BAD.  It is 'POTUS & me' - not I.  And isn't it PoS in the case of this alleged president?
God where did you people learn to spell and your Grammar sucks. It is "POTUS and I" look it up in an ENGLISH dictionary. We learnt 1st b4 u.
Trump supporter waiting for their president to actually get something done


Kisses the most beautiful humam being on the world..  beijocas doces
"fun night"?  Hardly think so....Donny looks a bit weary.  His "wall" is tightening around him.  Think about redecorating Trump Tower...
Excuse me, but in English that should read "visited @Potus and ME" - -  not "and I".  Immigrants need to learn proper English.
Oh look, a former tRump supporter who died from lack of health care!  Or is it supposed to be the death of tRump’s presidency?
The correct English is potus and ME
Booooo! I missed seeing this!   Looks like a great time!
looks like fun
Did you and POTUS dress up like a child molester and a pornstar???
Dia de los muerto
POTUS and FLOTUS are the best !!! Happy Halloween 
POTUS looking for a costume to escape the country?
@realDonaldTrump didn't need to buy a costume. 
MAGA? Hardly...

@realDonaldTrump I thought you fired #SteveBannon? Why is he back at The White House? 
#RussiaGate #MuellerMonday #CollusionOrConspiracy
Good to see!
This is so sweet! I love this so much! 
Aw Melly you’re so sweet.  I sincerely  hope you know NOTHING about any of this Russian shit.
Were the treats. Giftcards...
God bless and keep our beloved President Trump and First Lady Melania  The LORD is WITH them
actually, the “lard” is with him. Have you seen him in his golf clothes?
At least Melanie looks happy. It's about time!
The Clinton's haven't been indicted because the kill everyone who is going to testify against them ,hmmmm! Nothing to see over here!
Looks like you had a wonderful time Mrs Trumps
Serving “Nothing Burgers?”
Love you both. Pray for you both daily.
Fun!
...visited POTUS and me, not I.
America remembering when President Obama and previous had kids at WH  and truly enjoyed Halloween without been scared of President!
I had alot of trick or treaters
Give the bones two goody bags.. He's looking a little thin!!! Must be avoiding muchell O's lunch program...kids would rather starve than eat
Awesome that our president took time to spend with the children #love it and them
Awesome! The kids probably enjoyed meeting you both and receiving candy from you.
It is wonderful to finally have a beautiful First Lady we are so proud of her
Wish I had been able to come by!!    Happy 
Here Mel, I hope you find this link useful in the coming months and well... years 
http://www.strongprisonwives.com 
Dem bones show the death rattle of the Trump Admin
#DrainTheWhiteHouse 
Your husband has a scary costume......
So nice
@potus and me.
Looks like they are having fun!
Precious!  Handing out candy to the kids at the White House. Looks like a fun time and memorable occasion for everyone.
Happy Halloween. Wonderful job!
She’s so cute Mehn! #FreeMelania
I do have to say, Melania is finally smiling, a real smile , but she still needs to go back to her tower and take that POS with her
Wait. Isn’t Halloween Oct 31?
Cute kid @WhiteHouse @POTUS @FLOTUS Halloween Party
When you misread the message sent about a MAGA hat, on a skeleton...
YOUR A GREAT FIRST LADY
Yeah, cuz he's so great with kids...
You are the prettiest frist Lady ever and you have a very good looking family . You are the sweetest and smartest frist lady the U.S.A. has every seen . You and Nancy Reagan are going to go down in history as the greatis frist ladies every .God well bless you now and forever
@realDonaldTrump 

Fun day handing out indictments!
..Loved to have been one of the lucky Kids.. you seem a very nice lady.. Mr. Trump, nice too...impressed.

POTUS & me. Fixed it for you.

I do not celebrate Halloween. I am a Christian. I thought this was the last thing that will happen in the White house tho. I still love her
Great work from our first lady
Happy Halloween! 
I should plan to go to the White House next year. Some way, this Halloween was special for me. Bringing back old traditions #MAGA
Happy.  Happy.   Holloween.  
Happy Halloween to you too!
happy.   Happy.   Holloween.  
Happy Halloween every one.
Caca
Trump to Trick or Treators... “ Your parents are the media. Your parents suck”
Yup real classy coming from the President.
What kinds of Russian goodies were handed out?
I believe it was killary who was involved selling nuclear materials to our enemies punishable by death in the past
Love it!
How many came as Donald in an orange jumpsuit?
Awkward
You are very pretty when you smile, you look warm and inviting
https://www.fiverr.com/s2/70761a0464 
#professional #designer #logodesigner #highrated #lowprices #hardworker #creative #design #unique #style
Thank you!  I loved seeing pictures of the White House decorated for .  What a treat for the kids!
The fucking skeleton got me
Sweet Night and sweets on Halloween. Thanks for-bringing happiness, joy and smiles! Such wonderful Halloween Night with Pres. Trump & FL!
President trump is a pussy hound Edna.
Close shots kinda show a grumpy http://Prezz.You  were scaring the kids with all of your http://charm.How  do dogs greet you??.
Ignore the hatred from the liberal left they have nothing better to do than to hate their life.
What got handed out? Trump University scholarships? Trump Steaks? School vouchers?
That’s child abuse! No child should be subjected to a serial predator
We sure have a lot disgruntled voters on line . Get over it .Trump will be President another 7 years.
ICOnow. NET yg mulia Ibu MELANIA TRUMP IBU NEGARA CANTIK BAIK HATI SEMOGA SOSIAL AGAR KAUM DHUAFA DI HELP ME.

Save some for me when I’m at the White House next week.
As he insulted the press and demeaned the children and mentioned their weight! Don't stick up for him!
Trump met the future of his fan base.

Me, not I. Urg.

Enjoyed  watching, wished I  was there with  my boy,really  beautiful
I love this! Y’all did great! 
Glad you had fun. I am sure the kids did, too. Where was Barron?
It should be "@POTUS & me" and not "@POTUS & I." I know that Trump hires only "the best people," but you need to get a better media writer.
#SOS | #Utah | #USA | #UtahShooting | #Shootings | SOS: people with firearm injuries | SOS: firearm injuries | Don’t look to the other side
HMMMM nothing from DT yet. He has lost his will  to twitter. Thats a good thing for us but a bad thing for @StephenAtHome Colbert
Donald have your convict outfit ready every day will be Halloween for you. Are you scared yet? You should be!
I dressed as Steve Bannon!
Looks like fun!
I saw First Lady Laura Bush on CNN, she mentioned you with the kindest words.  I wish we can see more of you on TV.
Sweet trick or tweets to you. Keep the faith. Hold the line.
Who takes their kids trick or treating at the White House? Or should I say, who is allowed to?
‘Man’s capacity for justice makes democracy possible, but man’s inclination to injustice makes democracy necessary'
