Amazing to win such an honor without having to even do anything humanitarian!
Zip it.  No one needs your downer attitude here. Go hang with crazy Maxine or the wacko in the cowboy hat.  It's all good here. #maga
But how is he wrong? Exactly what did she do to win anything? Explain
You may not have seen her doing any work, because all you see is fake news about her heels
Her great work is all secret because she is above vanity and seeking people’s approval.
Such a typical baseless hatred type comment. Must be fun being around you. All First Ladys work in the same way
Lol remember when Hillary tried to reshape the healthcare system?
Lol! Remember how trump promised to simultaneously repeal and replace healthcare?! How trump promised he had a beautiful healthcare plan? How he promised affordable coverage for everyone? How he promised not to cut Medicaid?
Thank YOU for being such a gracious, classy, elegant, kind First Lady! You and your family are in my prayers every day! 
They need all the prayers they can get, and maybe an exorcism. 
I'll add you to the list too 
Oooooo what list?
Oh....cool whatever.
I will pray that she wakes up about her "fearless leader" sometime soon. Thanks 
Must suck to be so bitter
It's pretty cool... thanks for your concern. Would you like me to pray for you too?
I'm confused. What did you do again?
A lot more than you ever have in your life I'm sure
What's the matter, you're perfectly capable of getting online and trash talking our first lady but you're not smart enough to google?? Hmm
Seems like you're pretty well informed, educate us, please. #allears
Lol, sorry, I used my spare time to do research on our president and all his achievements why can't you?
We love you @FLOTUS!!!! :)
What is it that you did to get this award from Kuwait-America?  You deserve an award or committed for being with @realDonaldTrump
If the offer on the table is a husband with billions and the position of FLOTUS, you'd be pretty committed.
Can you give me the victims that weren't either lying for cash or just had their words misconstrued?
@MELANIATRUMP 
#StormyAffair #StayClassy
????????

Congratulations!! Thank you for your service as POTUS I’m sorry people are so mean. Real Americans love &resprct you
You better believe we love her. SOME people can be very mean , it really bothers me when they pick on our First Family.Being First not easy!
Love ? You don't even know her.  I reserve love for my family.
Melania is an adult and an unrepentant birther. She's awful.
You going to th show?
Good morning mad
She's been in office like 9 months. C'mon, #Kuwait
An award to u? Exactly what have u done?
well deserved!

Pinhead.
Decision it's your head
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
How much did that cost? Did the foundation buy it for you?
No..! Her man can afford it...lol
Every time he sleeps with you, and not me, it sure seems like humanitarian work.
Is THAT what is on Your Mind? Geeze! 
Seek Counseling! 
I'm Serious!
Who says stuff like that to the First Lady?
Love it when people say for What. Lol get your head out your ass and you'll see all the good she's done. Sad how y'all are so closeminded
Keep up the good work.  Stay strong. We support you!
Have u met ur body double?

Haters will wake up when they realize they sold their souls to Satan
Yes they will.
Ms. Trump. I think your a good person. I'm just sorry you have to put up with all the discourse in América at this time.
For what?
Except when it comes to @realDonaldTrump
Help out! Give to animals https://igg.me/at/16bsTqGV3lQ . Raise funds on @generosity
Congratulations, to our first lady.

We don't want any more visits to rehab centers and photo-ops, saying how courageous we are. Enough already. We want to save lives.

I want my help
What the fuck have you even done! What a joke.


How much did Donny pay to get this award for you? Americans are horrified by Donald's words and actions. Tell him to stop now.
Please could you give us the details on what you undertook/accomplished to get this award?Five 5 examples would be great?! Who won last year
#YOUDONTDESERVEIT
Never heard of such an award... who paid for it?
"Humanitarian award" ?!? 
What was the criteria - being less of an idiot than her husband?
What about porto rico and the virgin islands. That not american. They are american citizens
What a joke - melania you are COMPLICIT
For doing what?
how much was paid to them to give you the award?  You have done nothing to deserve it.
Do they not have news in Kuwait or something

I didn't realize stripping was considered humanitarian, lol.
@foxandfriends @KellyannePolls SO PROUD OF MELANIA-FIRST LADY OF OUR DREAMS! GOD BLESS HER, KEEP HER SAFE & WELL!
For what? Please, you've done nothing but keep your cloths on. How about you stop worrying about other kids bullying & worry about the clown
This has to be a joke. There is no way this can be real. Wgen will you take a stand against the bully you married to the #yourhusbandbullies
You are *not* a humanitarian. You are terrorizing this nation. #Kleptocrat #MuellerTime #MuellerIsComing #BogusFLOTUS #StripperProblems
Even graft and corruption from the KA Foundation. "SAD"
you got an humanitarian award??? surprised that you would get that for enabling a racist, homophobic, woman hating husband
What have you done to earn a humanitarian award?

I'm right with you Erin southerland

#Yemen is experiencing the worst outbreak of #cholera in modern history. And it needs help. 
 
Humanitarian ... for what?? What have you done, beyond costing American taxpayers millions by staying behind in Manhattan like that?
Apparently Kuwait American Foundation gives awards for doing absolutely nothing.  Where do we all sign up????
You did not deserve it--shame on you
Such grace and class!!!! Thank you @FLOTUS
Don’t you have to be human to get that?
Love FLOTUS
WTF have you done for humanity???
Thanks...

When are you going to work on your *Cyber Bullying* ?? It's not working with that misogynistic bully in the WH.... 
What did you do to get a humanitarian award? Oh. I know. You married a wealthy white supremacist. Makes sense.
Bonsoir Mélanie
He's BULLYING a GOLD STAR WIDOE and you have NOTHING too say about that?????
Pity your not humanitarian towards the Kuwaiti people
What a wonderful first lady you are.  Kind and compassionate
Yep. Melania, you are a humanitarian. You always have been. It's your rich history.
She got a Humanitarian award. LOL
Total BS - what have you done?
I wonder what one has to do to get a humanitarian award (from #Kuwait)? 
LOL!!
If you're not speaking out for Fredericka Johnson then you don't deserve this award
So much for your stand against bullying you hippocrate
#MelaniaTrump needs to get her own house in order,then she can talk to me.
Melania, do you think that your husband bullies others and calls them names? I do. It seems to hurt and divide more than help our nation.
who care about you
Wish u could #impeach45
#Clueless
Was this award for your anti-bullying campaign against your husband?
Another stripper award ?
What have you done to deserve a humanitarian award? Watch your husband allow health insurance to be taken away from 9 million kids?
That is amazing as I have never heard of any humanitarian work you've ever done...
YOU R T. GREATEST FIRST LADY. Please go to pineridge reservation and help them. THANK YOU.
Dear flotus please Speak to the president about releasing healing tech for America and humanity for cures to help PTSD to help people walk
Again limb regrowth tech to help all amputees food materialisation tech to help the poor the homeless and third world countries
All he has to do is sign the paperwork to give access to the people to these technologies
Wtf?
you deserved this honor. Thank you for all you are doing. May god bless and keep you and your family
You are doing a wonderful job as First Lady! Congratulations on your award, you deserve it.
Wait? You won a Humanitarian Award? For what?
Joke
We can’t even call it a participation award. What have you done -besides cost the taxpayers money?
For what? Cutting kids, medical field, wearing a white suit while not seeing devastated parts of TX, FL or PR? What were the qualifications?
THANK YOU MADAME FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP FOR YOUR EXTRAORDINARY JOB
what have you done to deserve it?  Your lifetime of service for America is how long?
Money can buy citizenship but it can't buy class.
http://MailorderHoes.com 
LOL! Talk about participation trophies except in this case Melania hasn't even participated!
Will you put this beside your toastmasters award.
First lady Melania beautiful as always and shy. Thank you very much for making America to be great again, more power to you and God Bless!
Humananitarian award? Really?
Yay.

I wish your husband was able to tweet, talk, respond, and represent humanity with the respect you do.
ICYMI:
This is the man whose book the President praised on Twitter. 
https://www.rawstory.com/2017/10/did-satan-create-catholicism-trump-pastor-say-so/ …
Most people have to do something to win an award. What have you done? This must be a joke bit like Mugabe and WHO.
care to list your contributions that led to this award?
You should have decline the award.  Kuwait giving humanitarian award is a joke. They treat woman & non-muslims like slaves.
I love you @FLOTUS for all you and your family does for America and #AmericansFirst . Thank you for your sacrafice for the Americans people!
Got an award for doing what precisely?
.@FLOTUS You realize that Award was rigged for you to get it. It’s called Nepotism. We don’t believe you’re a Humanitarian. On the contrary.
Congratulations FLOTUS Melania
#
Ughhhh. Food burp.
Uh, for what? Have you sacrificed? Have you suffered? Have you helped someone other than yourself? SMH



God Bless you.
Kuwaiti personal status law, which applies to Sunni Muslims, the majority of Kuwaitis, discriminates against women. 

Real humanitarian 
Did you take your clothes off AGAIN??
What on earth have you done? Cyber bullying campaign was a bust. Your husband is nothing but a cyber bully. I'm sorry but this is ridiculous
Really. Really? Humanitarian award? Oy. 

Nothing against you ma’am but what have you done to earn this reward?
You look stoned much of the time again, just like in the campaign. Leave that hideous, disgusting man & get treatment. You’re no First Lady.
For what????  How you get Trump and all you out the white house please now go bye be gone go away leave now worst president ever
She is done so much for pervs, like shown herself as a piece of meat making men think we are only good for our looks. Wow!
WTF did you do besides support a puxxy grabber?
Funny that even her defenders (most of whom are bot accounts) can't name one humanitarian act that the First Escort did.
"First Escort" 

Please explain your humanitarian work. Was it related to your pornographic modeling?
Hey since you violated the terms of your first visa does that mean your hubby's going to deport you, too?
You are anything but humanitarian.  This is a joke of biblical proportions. You should have graciously declined.
Hahaha and what did you do exactly?
Huge Congrat's.
Ülke gelirine göre dünyanın en yardım sever ülkesi

TURKEY dir.
While patting YOURSELF on YOUR back @FLOTUS abt being #Humanitarian-Just THINK-"He knew what he was signing up for"
While Sgt La David Johnson, an American hero, is laid to rest today, @realDonaldTrump is playing golf at his country club. 
For what? How much did this "award" cost the tax payers?
Si vraiment tu parles serieusement, il faut SAUVER #CHIP. Ton mari n'a pas renouvelé le programme. 9 MILLIONS D'ENFANTS AFFECTéS. #HELP!!
C-nt
It is so wonderful that they gave you an award. Or they did photocopy one already given to Michelle Obama?
How in the hell do you deserve a humanitarian award?? Really?? Ridiculous
your white face offends me, change it or your a racist
my love melania
What exactly did u get an award for? YOU HAVENT DONE ANYTHING
Humanitarian Award for doing what (mind boggles)? As with the Saudi's, the @POTUS must be in bed with the Kuwaitis. The only possible reason
God Bless First Lady Trump 
Not often you see Kuwait and humanitarian in the same sentence.
#persian_gulf_for_ever
I like u but exactly what have u done for humanity thus far?
Just what exactly have you done to earn this award? Sounds like they want something from your husband.
Is this a joke of some kind?
Must be--she hasn't done anything notable enough to earn an award, unless of course this is just palm-greasing!
Cost?
And what exactly does this mean? They still outlaw homosexuality, no freedom for women,you need all the awards you can get living with him!
Yay..maybe someday, I too can get a humanitarian award for being a gold digging robot...
Award for what slapping your husband's hand away??!! You accomplished about as much as your husband!! NOTHING!!
#FAKEPRESIDENT #FAKECABINET
King ♔ Hassan ll king of Morocco and president Donald trump,,,   
What has been done to win this Kuwaiti humanitarian award?
Sorry for much so negative; you are gorgeous, intelligent; I voted for your husband, campaigned actively too; just get him to shut up?
WHAT does your husband feel about slant-drilling? wasn't that cheating, just like he cheated Bacardi, Puerto Rico, for never paying for rum?
Thank you, Melania! I was there in 1991 to make sure Kuwait stayed Kuwait, destroyed our once-ally Iraq, yet Kuwait DID slant-drill!
What has @FLOTUS done to win a humanitarian award??
You truly are an inspiration and the BEST, SMARTEST and most ELEGANT First Lady we've ever had! Thank you for your sacrifice and all you do!
Really!?
Fake Melania shows our real anxiety
