Hey @Flotus!  If you care about Children's Health, you might want to remind @realDonaldTrump that the CHIP program needs funding - that's children's health insurance, btw, and it covers many millions.

Warren made false claims to a Indian heritage...your false claims abt Melania doesn't make your claim any more real than Warren's
If you are going to try to have a discussion about or defend a model that posed nude and provocatively as classy, at least have your facts correct. Real actual information, not Kelly Anne Conway type facts.
If you're going to try to pretend you can deal with facts- or morals- You're going to have to try to hide that yellow liberal streak running down your back... otherwise we can see your bs before you spread it.
Its not yellow...its ice blue and its going to bury your ignorant crybaby asses.
Sure looks yellow, but maybe it's crayon dust from rolling on thr floor of your safe spaces while clutching your teddy bears...
Bury us? Roflmao! We buried you! & you haven't stopped whining... screaming... crying since!
Hope Roy Moore didn't join you on that visit.
Thank you for everything you are doing @FLOTUS and for the constant love of our country!!! You are appreciated!!! I pray you and your family have a great Christmas holiday. 
WTF? Doing staged photo shoots? Was there runway music playing too?
Americas funniest home videos?
ThankU for your kind heart & for being accessible to so many people. I appreciate the work U do.I'm praying for U
We all sin.That's why Jesus died on the cross. If we accept Him as Savior our sins are all forgiven. He loves us each so much
Tell your husband to fund CHIP. And tell him to stop tweeting. And don't let him have so much Diet Coke. And put a "kick me" sign on his back I promise people will love it.
How about we put the sing on you ,I'm sure there would be many,many waiting in line to kick!!!!
Love it!! 
Lookit, computer time for grammaw down at the home. How sweet.
Wow, another muppet on the prowl!
Yeah, @FLOTUS and Donnie Two Scoops really care about trailer trash like you.

#impeachtrump
season greetings to  you  and happy #Chanukah  to  @IvankaTrump  and family
And this?

Merry Christmas to our beautiful First Lady! God bless!

Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump. Very disloyal to Bill & Crooked-USED!
What do you think about this tweet your husband wrote about @SenGillibrand ?
Illegal immigrant.
How's that anti-cyber bullying campaign coming along? Asking for a female senator from NY.
Wow do your research before u talk sh@t . The sen is scum and protects rapists

Thank you, @FLOTUS Melania.  I believe your visits truly make a difference in the lives of these children and families.  It matters.
Melanie protect America’s food from Monsanto and GMO’s and then we won’t need so much health care   We need your help.
Trump 2020

Why does she never actually wear her coats?????
Why the Eva Peron look? (shoulder hanging coat) Unfortunate loo, Mel
Great job mam melania

 for making CHRISTMAS SO SPECIAL @billcervenka
WHAT A BEAUTFUL THING  TO DO FOR THE CHILDREN
Merry Christmas to the best FLOTUS ever. 
So happy to have such strong,honest,powerful Women in Trump administration!!!!
If only Moochelle Obama did a 1/100 of what the @FLOTUS is doing these days!
She is an Angel
Trump is a sexual predator
Thank you for bringing honor and class to the Whitehouse. You and the President are great people.
Do you ONLY have your picture taken with white children?
PLEASE STOP!  YOUR HUSBAND IS MORE THAN HAPPY TO PULL THE PLUG ON EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM!!! @realDonaldTrump
I have no words to discribe at this moment,  thank you FLOTUS
And yet you'll do nothing to get the children's health program back on track
Then how about you help back the Children’s Health Insurance Plan so the 9 million kids losing their coverage could have health care ?
I enjoyed watching that tubby lump of shit you lay with make a mockery of our democratic union again today! You might want to tell him to tone it down and resign quietly.

Why don't you get your husband to pass health care for the children of America.  Do you know that over million children are going to loose their health care. jm
I do not support the President in the least, but you are an amazing example of what the White House should be. I admire your kindness and think you are doing a wonderful job as First Lady :)
I like how Melania is walking in Princess Di's footsteps, forging her own way with charitable causes to escape an awful husband.
Melania you are a wonderful First Lady!  God Bless you and your Family.
And how you always Bring a smile on there faces you're very good with children Our First Lady
Happy New Year would be an appropriate statement if the demon, your husband is impeached.
AMEN
Please keep your husband and other @GOP pedos away from kids.
Does she not know the arms are supposed to go into the sleeve of a coat? They look like they're stapled to her shoulders.
I'm wondering why Melania does that. Gives a very unnatural look.
And she wears almost all her coats that way. I'm curious how they stay immobile while she walks, etc. Just kinda weird. IMO.
Thank you Melania!

Lovely 
Thank you for everything you do! @FLOTUS
Even though she cant speak english l properly..she sure a hell of an actress ..
It’s too bad Your visit won’t help children that just lost their healthcare.
#Noflyzone4Afrin
Best first lady ever!

My God, @FLOTUS is so Beautiful!
How's that infamous "anti-bullying" campaign going? You might want to start at home.
I'm just wondering why don't you put your arms in your coat I don't get it it looks weird maybe I just don't know it just looks weird
Did you let them all know that your husband wants to defund CHIP?
Oh geez ..  Hypocrisy !  This video made my stomach churn!!
Did you apologize in advance for your husband killing them and forcing their families into bankruptcy?
And Trump has filed many times. His cruel policies when it comes to healthcare will be the only way his supporters will relate to him.
This brought tears to my eyes! Thank you First Lady Melania! Our First Lady is such a loving and a compassionate person.
Maybe you could ask @POTUS to STOP the tweeting and STOP being such a bully.
Maybe you can introduce them to Roy Moore next week.
Yes Roy Moore is. And you are pathetic for supporting him. But you know that.
HERE ARE THE WOMEN, WHO NEVER MET HIM!!!!! 

Israeli forces arrest around 700 Palestinian children a year,as young as 12 years old.It went worse after the announcement of Trump.
If you truly care about children and their wellbeing, perhaps you will stop POTUS from gutting #CHIP as part of the #TaxScamBill 
Just think, Melania, your husband's "tax reform" means all those parents of children in that hospital will no longer be able to deduct their huge medical bills from their income for tax purposes.  You should be ashamed to appear with these unfortunate families.
she is a joke!
It took you this long to tweet an acknowledgement. What? Did your coat slip off your shoulders and cover your hands!?
We are SO PROUD of you #Melania & of course of your WHOLE family including our fabulous @POTUS! Thank you for being you! 
#GodBless
#MerryChristmas2017
We love our @FLOTUS 
Why?
@WhiteHouse @childrenshealth Then tell your husband and his followers to quit taking money away from them for healthcare!
Thank you to First Lady for beautiful Christmas moments
Many other children are dying every second NOW due to delay!

Make Human Life Great Again!!

Releasing GCR/RV TODAY!!!

#CleanWater
#FreeEnergy
#PerfectHealth
#MedBeds
#FinancialFreedom
#Ascension
#IndividualSovereignty
#GovByThePeople

@TETELESTAI800
@BlessProsperity
@Kre8change
melania trump menos mal que no eres como tu esposo el trumpeta loco exentrico
This is for all the haters out there they don't believe in our Christmas spirit screw y'all
The White House has never looking better than it has now this is a special year with  Trump's in the White House bringing back America traditions like it should be and should have never been disrespected like them last stupid President Obama did
https://twitter.com/elizabethmich/status/933839072870756353 …
Who gives a thrupenny bit? First Loser of the US
http://gofundme.com/need-help-to-pay-off-fine …
Bellísima. ...!
Sweet but the kids need a break. They seem tired just like the president does.
Get your husband to support healthcare programs for children.
Too bad you want to take their health insurance away!
Very good its admirable and a lesson for other countries
Nice
Then help refund Chip
How about your promise bullying drug addiction  you've done zero dress up barbie see through clothes and flip to another country. Never seen a FL this ??lazy
GREAT photo op, you take such pretty pictures and really, that's all that matters to your supporters.  It's all smoke and mirrors, no reality behind it, no substance.
Merry Christmas to you an your Family Best President an Family in history
I feel  yr activities  so nice
Bravo Melania Trump
Merry Christmas  to you and your family 

Best FLOTUS ever!
To our beautiful first Lady Melania Trump, you represent what America is all about, love of country and its citizens. You are loved and cherished by millions of Americans. You make us proud to call you America's first Lady.
Speak English please.
It would be nice to fund their health care and that of millions of other people in need.
You are so kind! Merry Christmas sweet FLOTUS!
Thank you! You do such wonderful and thoughtful things and your pleasure is clear in your face as you meet each child.
Thank you Melania we are so blessed to have you for our first lady. Merry Christmas
You m an Merry Christmas  I hope!
Thank you Melania for caring so for all of our children.  Merry Christmas to you and your family.
'Holiday Season' would be politically correct, oh yea you do not understand???Da!!
I feel so sorry for .@FLOTUS she seems like a very lovely person and has to deal with the #Trumpapocolypse #Trumpagenda.

You look so fake
Most Americans will only have a healthy & happy Christmas if they have health care coverage!
You seem like a nice person, but look at what you are showing your son, Trump's actions are rude and Baron is taking it all in.  FBI has been fine unless they are checking into him.  REALLY?  He as this wrong.  FBI getting too close for him, hmmm.  Let them do their job
After watching this I am so proud of First Lady Melania Trump's sincere compassion and time she devoted to these children, especially this time of the year.
Why doesn't she put her coat on?
You are lovely !!!
Hey Melania.  Nice to see you out and about.   While you are dreaming of your time with your familyon that deserted tropical island ( we are dreaming about that too ) , I was just wondering how your crusade to stop cyber bullying was going.   My friend Kirsten wanted to know.
Boo hoo now u mock a woman
that there is no mood for this fucking new year. I will arrange a flood and an earthquake in honor of the "holiday". ahahahahahahh IF I SAID THAT I WILL DO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU ALL THIS EXCELLENTLY KNOW !! AAHAHAHAHAH
Everything u do good or great will be total hypocrisy there’s little no cause u can champion cuz there’s nothing left for u.
Thanks for love
Healthy? This administration is so sick you can smell it around the world..
Smell your self Sarah 
nice

@Lrihendry @childrenshealth not one ask how they could help these children! They just sacrifice children in their abortion agenda's
Thank you First Lady.
Your hasband no good
Your English "No Good"! Go home!
You really need to stop calling yourself the first lady
It's very demeaning to the real ladies of this country
You're just the first sadomasochistic porn performer who made it to the White House after latching onto a corrupt sugar daddy to get there
No lady just a co-conspirator!


Thank you for your kind words.  Please tell Donald to fund children’s health insurance.
God Bless You  Always 
Fake First Lady
God Bless you FLOTUS..... We Love you
Apparently you don't see the hypocrisy that republicans are taking away kids health insurance.But then again you guys elected Dementia Donny ,so your intelligence level is on display .
Great President Trump and First Lady
It is so refreshing to have such a beautiful, graceful First Lady represent our great nation.
Your husband is a cyber bully. #dosomething
How's that cyber bullying campaign going?
So snooty to wear that Jacket over the shoulders like that.

You are so beautiful inside and out

Hello
You are such a godsend. As First Lady. You are so compassionate towards children and families that are hurting. God Bless!
#NetNeutrality
Respect Great Work.
Love our #FirstFamily and our #FirstLady 
Yes....
Thank you Melania, our beautiful first lady.
God Bless 
Is Hope Hicks Donald Trumps girlfriend? How do you know?

Melania you are a beautiful lady
I am so proud of our First Lady
If you sincerely gave a damn, you would be out there pushing your husband to renew the children’s health program. This is bullshit...
Classy Lady. Love her.
In rehab center after blood transfusion, silver springs Maryland, do you think Donald Trump could give a trump teddy bear and a home to go to.
How many wards will be closed & workers lose their jobs when CHIP isnt renewed & ACA mandate repealed resulting in loss of coverage for many & more job loss.
I wished people would not complain on tweet likes this involving children. No Class
Melania you are a wonderful first lady!
Thank you, Melania! You make us all proud!
Beautiful inside and out with a heart for America!
