Haters, lay off our FLOTUS!!!!
Jealous people. She’s gorgeous and very smart.
Exactly.
WE LOVE YOU!
Is this pic from one of her porno shoots?
Why are you jealous?
Not at all. I just wanted to know if he had any 'lower down' shots to share. I've seen most of her other nude photo series but not this set.
Pervert
Thanks! 
With 670,000 Muslims in NYC, it's OVER! Christians are being run out of New York City. They're over running EVERY BIT of NYC. #Leave
Get rid of the Mayor to start.

Tell Mr. President to ship ALL these filthy maggots to that federal Hawaii judge door step so HE can deal w/them!  We R SICK over this!
That's my feeling ABSOLUTELY!!!! You hit the nail on the head. Send him with a coconut 2 !!!
Prayers for NYC. Be safe First Lady. We love you. #MAGA
Thank you @FLOTUS
How are you personally Melanija *monitoring* the situation? Your NOT the President...matter of fact US doesn't have one of those...
You don’t The rest of us do!!
You are a great First Lady. I know President Trump will keep us safe. Luv u all. Prayers for safety
Yeah,  that lesbian porn was a class act.  Gives hope to ALL who live the PRETTY WOMAN (movie reference) dream.
Get s life dirt bag. W
It is very sad.  Unfortunately, this is a result of a very dangerous #ideology, that we must name and confront, directly.  Just as #PresidentTrump stated, we have no time to be politically correct.
God bless you
How about having your husband declare Islam a terrorist group? That might help
Absolutely, #Codeofvets is mustering, Strength and Voice, thru sheer numbers. Time isn’t on our Side, Ma’am! SemperFi from Manchester, 
Sir, got Message from Eric yesterday, #LeadRight , Manchester! Count on Us! #Codeofvets, in Your Corner, We’ve got Your Families 6 Always!
I think your #thoughtsandprayers shipment should arrive shortly and everything will be ok ##MAGA
Your husband says he wants merit based immigration. That would exclude you. Have you discussed this with him?
How exactly would that exclude our wonderful First Lady. Please explain cause you seem really really really smart!!
ANSWERING JIHAD: DID SOMEONE SAY 'CRUSADE'? - http://ridder.co/djjjVd  From 2016 
It is the crusades reborn ! http://thereligionofpeace.com  time to awaken or buy a prayer rug....
congratulation, you are a beautiful woman
Thank you First Lady Trump for your kindness.
Thoughts & Prayers instead
Funding CHIP
Gun Control after Vegas
 Medicare $473 Million
Medicaid $1 Trillion
$3M every golf date
Didi 3 mill every golf day? Why that's true
We are with you Melanie. We love you @FLOTUS!
The Global War on Terror is HERE - http://linkis.com/savinggraceatguantanamobay.com/i7F5d … From 9/28/16 
 Prayer Lifted 
Meanwhile instead of investigating homegrown terrorists the DOJ/FBI investigate a fake dossier created by Hillary Clinton and Russians.
Same song & dance "Divert the attention somewhere else FAST".
I HATE that millions of my fellow Americans remain BLIND to Trump's lies.
Thank you sweet Lady.  America salutes you.
Thank u for ur compassion FLOTUS!
Her compassion? She took 3 seconds to write a TWEET! Or someone did it FOR HER! That is NOT compassion. GO TO THE FAMILIES of THE VICTIMS!!
God Bless New York today. Praying in WA State. 
Where is moose & squirrel?
'We'? What's your job?
FLOTUS JOB DESCRIPTION: 
1. Trophy Wife
2. Spend $$
3. Pretend to care
4. Lie with a smile
5. Pretend to 'work' 
6. Ignore & deny reality
Unbelievable acts of barbarity. My heart and prayers go out to the families. So glad you and the President are there to try and help.
Just out of morbid curiosity, what exactly are you under the impression of that you think FLOTUS or Trump are "helping" these families?
Thank you First Lady of the United State. You are a very caring & loving person!!!
Our FLOTUS is pure grace and class!
"Pure Grace & Class"?? You MUST be joking. MEN hold the LARGEST numbers of supporters BECAUSE she's a SEX idol - Take off your blinders!!
pure grace & class x100Million
Who knew you had "thoughts" in the pea size brain of urs. U would not have been allowed in the US under a merit based immigration program
God bless you first lady you Rock
There may still be time to clear out the joint checking account.
Her problem with clearing it out now is, she's too selfish & greedy (like hubby) to walk away from the FUTURE $$ - Sickening isn't it? 
Remember snowflakes are still so angry they lost that the delusion blinds them. Your truly disgraceful people even during a time that people lost their lives you find the time to blame this on our PRESIDENT.
You are monitoring the situation?  That’s laughable!
Melania this event so very much sickens me.  It is so senseless.  Like your husband said, Enough!!  At this point we have no alternative than to follow through with his immigration policy.
If you TRULY believe in your heart the U.S.A. should be CLOSED OFF, you need to be OK with being a prisoner within your own country.
No more candle light vigils.
TIME FOR ACTION.
BAN ISLAM SAVE LIVES.

Extremist profiling must start with these radical beards that are the trademark of pure evil and hatred. Time to get serious
Western Values & Freedom   vs. Middle Eastern Values & Destruction ...  https://twitter.com/Adrian_Wainer/status/852573162437042177/photo/1pic.twitter.com/nAiZfKd1lG 
First Lady with grace... Refreshing
Thank you M for being the sensible half of your marriage. I'm not a Repub but you have such grace and show care. You & Mobama shd run USA!
We need to tighten our borders!!!
Monitor via Faux News?
Thank you Melania. I know this hurts since you made NYC your home. God bless you and God bless America. 
God Bless the victims, praying for peace 
Sayfullo Saipov shld not have even been in New York City, but he literally won the lottery in 2010 thru Obama's diversity program.
ENOUGH!
Now they’re reporting that his name means “sword of allah”. It’s hard to continue to think our intelligence agencies are intelligent
How does it feel to be married to the biggest twitternet bully on the planet, when anti-bullying is your platform?  Hypocrite much? #resist
WE DO NOT CARE ABOUT YOUR BREAKING HEART! We care about our breaking nation!
"We"? They let you into the Sit Room too? Nah - there's no one in the Sit Room. They're having burnt steak and choco lava @ the golf course.
As I read this, I am reading with your accent
Sounds like you are bigoted against immigrants. Shame on you, libtard.
How can you get that I am bigoted from such a simple statement? That's from your mind not mine. I meant it endearingly. I love our FLOTUS
Catholicism has ravaged Philippines since 1521 https://plus.google.com/+UlraxDM/posts/GUXA8xRnSYz … Pope Francis must take it off the country or I'll take off his balls!
We know you didn't write this and I hate gold diggers, but listen. Women know when they have to leave a man. Get your boy out while you can.
Close our Borders until we can vett them before they get over here
Mine too. 
Thank God for your loving, caring and thoughtful heart. Indeed, only God Knows the Heart, Rom. 2.1-11.
Unless this religion undergoes a genuine reformation that embraces modernity there will be little future for our children. It's that simple.

I can’t help but feel both sadness and anger.  I think at this point we have all had it with these mutants.
Melania, you’re a great 1st Lady.  Ignore the classless insults.  You’re husband is great as well
Yes Thank you and The President for your true sentiments!
Doubtful given Trump, et al. history. 

Bonus: However, there is always a string of Trumpskyite imbeciles In your wake. Easy block pickin's.
thanks MELANIA   >>>> GOD BLESS YOU.
???????????
We need to eliminate all Muslims in the US!
Arab countries If the export of petroleum to you will be America like Somalia, you forgot the occupation of Iraq
No occupation , don’t need oil and don’t need people from Arab countries that gave up on their on country!!
Why did America occupy Iraq for oil ?
They didn’t , where the hell you from?
Leftists are just as responsible as Radical Islam for today's terror attack
You hit the nail on the head, guns.
Isn't it sad that this is happening because people like Derrick Watson make decisions for Us without Our permission 
GOD BLESS YOU Melania Stay safe  with your family  Pres Trump's policies to defeat ISIS are right we r at war &we must  WIN
"We are at War". No "WE" are not. SOME people are at war. You should not speak for those who are not, nor for those who do NOT support it. 
When  terrorists kill innocent citizens here &continually chant "Death to America" we are at war! Does that offend you?
I assure you I am 100% behind the NEED to control these acts of violence. HOWEVER, war only instigates MORE war - IT ALL NEEDS TO STOP!
YES  it must stop However wars in the past have been fought &  saved many lives It is a harsh reality I will pray for change
We appreciate you First Lady Melania Trump
I'm furious that we have to put up with unvetted, dangerous people in our country.
Class!!!! #MAGA
Why not just shorten it to T&P or TP. Toilet paper would do more for the situation than thoughts & prayers.
But you don't care about the millions that are going to lose money with your hubby's tax plan.
Gun crime?! In America?!
Sad but not shocked, sadly.
Would like to see your Asian tour wardrobe covered. You have some beautiful outfits & wear the designs better than any other FLOTUS
ووضع
Important as the US concerns the threshold of attention certainly not the recent policy of the current Presidency, Thank <Melania <
My heart breaks for America for having a #FakePresident #FakeFirstLady in the White House. #sad
My greatest condolence with him.
monitor??? Uuugghh... WE?!?! mmmm no
Few people r mentaly retired in all community give them big punishment
My heart breaks for America everyday!  Your man child bully is making America hate again. #TrumpRussia #LOCKHIMUP
Thank you Mrs President!  God bless you, and keep you and your family well—and in perfect safety and peace—in the arms of Jesus!   Amen!
Thank you Melania.  We are thankful we have a President who has a heart for others.

MY CONDOLENCES
Here we go with the whiney haters...so boring already. Go crawl back into your liberal holes & safe spaces, we'll wait
Foreign tourists do not come to Brazil, this country is a land without law, without justice, a land of barbarians, stay away from Brazil
schumer brought terrorist in on a diversity visa2010. NY mayor de blasio shut down investigation into the mosque he was radicalized at2014
On this Holy day af Obligation may we strive to  live by the examples of our Saints Blessed Mother Mary Our Queen of Saints pray for us
Your heart is really going to brake when we lock up @realDonaldTrump the illegitimate President!
All of us are with you sweet FLOTUS! Praying 4 NYC #Dodgers #WorldSeries2017 #HR4HR
My heart doesn't break. NYC votes for this
Yes it Obama's FAULT Obama let all the Muslims in without any kind of ✓ They do them stupid prayer mats to the Devil a block for 911.
If you had a heart, you would not be married to him.
Please excuse the ignorance of the haters. You and POTUS are the best that could ever happen to our great country! Thank you!!
I hate ur hasband &u

#NYC 
Queen Melania Trump, please do not let these ignorant people get to you, keep fighting for True Americans and our children.# great job
Too many. Guesses.   Want only the truth.

If “ #FLOTUS” had a heart she would be poisoning my food daily. #NYCStrong #nyc #NYCTerroristAttack  #FakeFirstLady #MrsPussyGrabber
Hy mam
That's nice Melania...to bad you don't have a heart.
BEST CELEBRITY halloween costumes 2017  Ivanka Trump , Selena Gomez, Heidi Klum & more
Prayers for the people and families whose lives were so devestated.

All Americans need to stick together so we can stop this stuff-
How comes you're more presidential than the Twit in Chief... 

covfefe?

Who from Home Depot rented a van to this guy? Is it not obvious from this guys beard that he is extremist? Wake the fuck up America!!!!
When it first happened I cried now I am just mad.
@Cristinademure as all of our hearts break for #NYC. I must say #FLOTUS remains a class act
Same here @FLOTUS. We need to find out WHO is funding these Islamic terrorists & shut them down :(. Praying!
Wyrazy głębokiego współczucia.
Our heart felt condolences to ppl of NYC & ppl of India are with ppl of US in this difficult time #IndiaFavoursEradicationOfTerrorism4mWorld

PEACE IS A REWARD IN ITSELF, 
Choose LOVE , for 
LOVE CONQUERS ALL..
mine to my First @FLady Of our US I am Praying the White Light of Peace to us all in Love with the day thank you for time

Melania is a Wonderful, Class FIRST LADY!! Keep up the EXCELLENT work. Love MY POTUS and YOU!
We need to close the border now! And we have to stop bringing violent criminals into our country like in Europe.
Whatever it is he will turn it around. He can make a good deed bad with his mouth...Thst's what I heard...someone must have said it.
Thank you Flotus for the care you show for your country. #MAGA
Our First Lady and our @POTUS  care  deeply about all who were killed and injured in this hateful Terrorist attack, of that there is doubt.
Maybe instead of prayers, we need to take action and stop these islamic asshats.
Sending all my thoughts and prayers.
@reaIDonaldTrunp  did not let these Muslims into the USA! He’s trying to keep the out with much  resistance from haters like you.
Haters r so irrational, insane! DROOLING of hate speech in these comments.UNREAL! TY for your tweet, & for being FLOTUS, Melania! GB
God please be with the victims and their families bring them your comfort. Bless you Melania for your gentle and beautiful heart 
What exactly did FLOTUS actually DO in order to earn your thanks? Tell me it wasn't this 3 second tweet that her ASSISTANT did FOR her??
It wasn't anything she said it how she show's such compassion to the young boys and girls she meets, they love her  because she is genuine, you can see it in her manner of how she treats them  
Were you in NYC today  to get away from the  crazed, fuming, nut-job Donny? Not too late to escape, Melania. Maybe Canada?
#moron What are YOU monitoring?
Thoughts and prayers echo My First Lady On the Terrorist Attack in my NY Home Town / Why The Looser Mayor cannot call it That??bless lost
Bullshit !!
Please stay safe!!!!
People died today and all those responding  can only point fingers. How sad
Terrorist is from former Soviet Union!  Ur loser husband will say in the morning he's a good guy! Speaks Russian Maleria Trump!
Hello nice to meet you
Can we finally agree that Islam is a terrorist ideology? Aka a "terrorist organisation" Aka ISIS Aka Koran. All one and the same?
Thanks @FLOTUS 
It means  so much,  knowing you care for New Yorkers.
Thank you.
We love you.
Thank you for your concern for us New Yorkers. You are a good person.


Talk to your sugar daddy.  He’s the one stirring up all the hate in America.  We need the #goldigger and #sugardaddy out of @whitehouse

Dear Melania Trump My First Lady 
God Will Support More 4 Years First Lady Amen
Mine too. Happenings like this is what makes President Trump's views on boarders and vetting make REAL sense.
Quick! Put on your stelettos and get out there in the streets to help! Times wasting
https://www.gofundme.com/EvasFightForLife?pc=fb_dn_cpgnstaticxlarge_r&rcid=r01-151917307008-d520526195264893 … please help if you can
Who cares. I hope Donald divorces her. She has no respect. What is she being so snotty. She is here cause of Donald or she will be in Europe pimping. Donald Trump please divorce her. Use the powers of your pre nup.
Who she thinks she is.
Our hearts break for you while you stand by your man! #TrumpShutdown
#TrumpShutdown
#TrumpShutdown
#TrumpShutdown
#TrumpShutdown
#TrumpShutdown
#TrumpShutdown
#TrumpShutdown
nice
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
What heart?Your entire family is a mess and disgrace to America's core values. I would divorce him and run before Mueller decides when to make his move. He already has enough for charging Trump.
Impeachment is coming move back to New York or stay with your husband's colluder Putin.By the way charges against Donald can end up jailing you, too.
Please speak to Donald about his diet Mam. We want him around lot longer. More veggies and fruits
Needs a strickter diet. I beg you if need be FORCE HIM ..  Please just do it for his sake

no thought and prayers needed better gun laws boot onald don't have balls
- what are you talking about!!!!
You Americans are always lying

Nandasenamathugamage  sri lanka  were nice  
Were nice
Were  nice
Here honey, fixed it for ya...
