What a girl. @RealSamMartin @ImpeachTheNazi @_IMPEACH_TRUMP_ 
#theResistance @Coxyolada  @SilverAdie @EdKrassen 
#ImpeachTrump join 4 million Americans: sign here https://www.needtoimpeach.com/ 
Europeans have a much liberal view of nudity than we do. So just get over it. She’s beautiful.
European liberation and American pussy grabber. Great combination 
@wonderfullone @SilverAdie @PuestoLoco @TomthunkitsMind
TREASON GREETINGS WHITE HOUSE OF @FLOTUS
#DEPLORABLES hahahahahah
Here's how you can honor that commitment: Don't let your husband gut the Affordable Care Act and strip Americans of access to health care.
ACA is neither AFFORDABLE nor great insurance!  Too bad Dems didn’t feel the need to read it b 4 they signed it...I guess bc there were no pictures & 2 many pages
They must’ve had Donnie in mind when they wrote it   
Lol . He’s such a dumb ass moron. 
So frkn stupid  
The new repub tax bill is over 500 pages. 
Think Donnie read that? 
I seriously doubt it. 
Especially with the way his day went  

 
He can’t read, the moron needs to be in prison
No....POTUS has nothing on this group...made his own money, didn’t take yours! Even donates his salary to worthy causes...none of these can say the same!POTUS is doing undeniable great things...never reported on MSM. New investigations will send this group to prison 
POTUS is a frkn lunatic   but hey, you’re entitled to your opinion. 
We all have to believe in something.  
I choose to believe in facts and for what is best for all Americans.
Trump is a liar and only does what is best for him .
He’s a clueless coward.
Well, when the Tax Reform is passed, The extra money that you have in your pocket you can donate to a worthy charity… Might I suggest Saint Jude’s? Obama was the liar in Chief!
Lol . You can suggest anything you want   you sound as delusional as  trump. 
I’m a retired cop. So, I won’t be having too much $ in my pocket. 
It’s all the hard working,middle class Americans that are getting screwed. 
Good luck to you 
Proud of our FLOTUS & POTUS ....#44 never hung red ribbons on WH for AIDS AWARENESS!!  We finally have a compassionate First Family
Don’t you hate it when people just insult people for no reason.
Oh boohoo! Facts are facts! U seriously need a hobby or a thicker skin if that comment hurt ur feelings....it wasn’t even directed at U! And y’all wonder where the whole “snowflake” nickname came from....smh
Just found humor in the fact that you called a person out for insulting you and on the same thread insulted numerous others.
ROFLMFAO, just stop ur embarrassing yourself!
Day #314 of the hostage situation. First Skank (former Slovenian soft core porn star) honors Aids day while Evil Captors Minions strip health care from sick hostages! Brilliant!
Ur ignorance is stifling as 2 FLOTUS’ past!  The least U can do w/accusations such as urs, provide PROOF of PORN STAR...btw, nude modeling is art not porn...get ur uneducated mind out of the gutter!! & U trolling porn sites is NOT considered an “Art Appreciation Class”!
Showing people your cervix for cash isn't art.
Exaggerating much? Oh no… Just lying like most liberals! Well at least we know what site you go to
Ah well, I see you've obviously closely inspected the pictures as well.
It hurts to be you, doesn’t it? Your head must hurt.  Btw, Girls aren’t my thing...but it’s cool! Whatever makes YOU happy
Excellent use of emojis and unnecessary abbreviations! Also cap shouting!
Just can't get him to say anything about AIDS.....that's terrible. And he is cutting funding......shame!
please help me ? I have been fighting calling arguing investigating since 1990 parasites infect ppl infected with #HIV #AIDS 2 ! Thank You GOD BLESS YOU !
Keep up your good works!

WHEN  U GO AGAINST ME U SUFFER FOR EVERLASTING SUFFURING OF LIFE,S TERM ALLOWED BY WHO KNOWS ME IN A FEW ARE CHOZRN
IAM WORD REZ ANGEL ARCH BISHOP TYTYAN GOD SR  MOMENTUM TYTYAN
EARNED PASS THIS POSITION IN AND B4 BCE HELPING JEHOVAH ME BEING #2 OF 144,000  ANGELES OF JEHOVAH
REZ TITAN GOD'S PLAY JEHOVAH THE ART WITH WANT AND NEED?
TO GET CAPTURED IN THE UNSEEN BUT IVE ESCAPED AND FREED JEHOVAH TBC FOR 1 WOMAN 400 YEARS?
GOT THE HIGHEST ARCH BISHOP ANGEL POSITION OF TYTYAN GOD SR ON SR OF SALVATION
WORD SR REZ
PS STOP THROWING UR KARMA ON WHEN U GO FEED AS MUCH LAND JEHOVAH CREATED ..???
the Gastro Doctors are all criminals and or uneducated in Tn & USA the Baylor Hospital hired special parasite doctors bc USA is Uneducated & Infested !
A big ribbon doesn't mean you support that community, just like a yellow magnet doesn't support the troops. Actions speak louder than words. We have seen what your administration does.
Least effective flotus ever!
How much did that monstrosity cost? Not with my tax dollars!
Leave the first lady alone The beard is not a good look 


We love you Melania for all the wonderful things you do.
Sure, right.
And due to your selfish husband many many will be dying of disease and preventable conditions as so many will be losing their health care.
Im all for it anything to stop Aids or keep from getting it i have 4 nonreactive aids test pushing for 5
With a due respect Mrs First Lady ma'am
Love you Melania 

Sarah not classy at all and I think the U.K. Have more than enough crap going on concentrate on your country
Nice try Dan, but the FSOTUS did not tweet this and most likely could not care less about AIDS victims, given her silence on her effin husband’s attempts to rip health care from Americans who suffer with AIDS
How could you possibly know what someone else is thinking... oh you're psychotic, right?   Or perhaps you just always speak out on a subject you know nothing about.
Like you just did?
Oh I've met a thousand of you... I know exactly who you are young lady.
Make that one thousand-one
Nope just 1,000 you're an identical generic.
Well meeting us must be a refreshing change from the idiots tRumpster’s you normally must deal with
Once again, A Beautiful White House for Christmas!

Except asshat Donald cut funding to health department
Beautiful! 
Enjoy your last few days in the WH
Lib 
Oh God. Please go away
Worst message ever considering Trump is attacking the healthcare system HIV/HepC and AIDS patients depend on. Trump is taking away their protections.
You’re useless.

Melania you have more class then any of the sickos on here. Keep up with your great projects and know there are many of us that think you are a very classy lady. Thank you for thinking about people like my brother who died of aids. Thank you so much. We u.
Robert, God bless you and yours. So sorry for your loss! 
Robert is a bot acct and so are you!
Ummmm, right!? Typical fucking logic: If I dont agree it must be a bot! Lmmfao. Maybe you're a bot???? I  think you are! Yup, bot for sure!
Miss me with the projection. That only works on stupid GOPers!  And be gone!  I block bots!  Scram!
I’m sorry gurl but you need to put that phone down and start packing! #russiatrump
Ur opinion doesn’t matter! U should have stayed in Canada....ur lucky we let U live in the USA....or maybe U aren’t living in Alaska legallyWorry about Ur own country, eh?!
Dear @FLOTUS  You and your husband are doing so much for so many people!  All my respect and love from #Chile  #WorldAIDSDay
No, they’re really not Francisca, try again.
And vote on a tax bill that weakens our healthcare system while your husband colludes with Russia? Save your flimsy tweet.
Stay classy Dacia. Because the lovely Melania’s feed is just the place for a globalist communist troll to unleash Russia fantasies. Idiot. Read a book.
Bless your heart.
Yet your husband's agenda is anti-LGBTQ and pro-bullying. I feel sorry for you.
Ignorance is bliss & obviously u r a prime example.  Pls listen to more than one station.
Betting a lot more will die without any health care, or any money from this "tax cut".
I’m sure the Democrats are flipping out since Trump is such a LBGT hater... NOT! This is why I voted for Trump. He stands with everyone. Thanks @FLOTUS and @POTUS

Then he turned on them once elected!
How so?
Tried to get transgenders out of military.. he only said what people wanted to hear so he could get elected.  He is a racist and could care less about LGBT.
It was just a tweet and if you look at the law they weren’t supposed to serve in the first place. @xychelsea fucked that up for everyone.
He tried after that tweet to do it legally and got shot down..
A big ribbon means nothing when the Republican party is trying to strip access to affordable healthcare away from the most vulnerable people in our country. If this sham of a tax reform bill passes HIV infections will increase.
Dear first lady and mr. President someone or something keeps undoing my retweets on your Twitter accounts and mine they are also undoing my likes on your Twitter accounts I have to keep redoing everything over again this is very frustrating and you should know it's going on

Someone or something keeps undoing my retweets in my likes for the first ladies posts and the president's anything Trump I don't know who's doing it or what to doing it but I wish it would stop I will keep continuing to retweet and lie tree like everything all over again
spoken like a true authoritarian!
AIDS will be eradicated within a decade by CRISPR editing of T-cell genomes, likely sooner for those with means to afford the treatment.
Hopefully
As a molecular biologist, I’m confident. The virus hadn’t been identified when I was doing my recombinant DNA work in college. Now, 34 years later that work was akin to stone knives and bear skins. We now have ALL the necessary tools and T-cells are an easy target.
I was a newly licensed registered critical care nurse. Everyone was terrified because information was so spotty. But thanks to you and your colleagues, this disease is manageable. You will cure cancers during my lifetime. Science is just AWESOME!
A great reminder of @GOP trying to eliminate health care. Ironic.
Leave the first lady alone she has nothing to do with politics
FIRST LADY has nothing to do with politics? She has her own staff, chief of staff, press secretary, White House Social Secretary and more.

Our taxes pay for all that so no, we can't leave her out of it.
She has nothing to do with politics do you understand the difference the staff and all that are paid to take care of the People's house she's only temporary caretaker
You and your Sugar Daddy have done no shit,  you even stole money from Charities, the CLINTON FOUNDATION did a lot more and is still doing a lot more. You should be ashamed of your self,  remember,  your Vice-president provoked an HIV epidemic in Indiana.
Two so far 

It's man-made!

Very nice gesture  but the #taxbill would repeal the individual mandate & increase pressure to strip programs like Ryan White Act & Medicaid. Community care, outreach, meds & testing win this battle. Don't leave those on the frontlines without ammunition #HIV #globalhealth
Leave the first lady Alone what does she have to do with it
not a good day for healthcare to be taken away from people.
Leave the first lady alone she has nothing to do with politics and you have a no class
Loved it 
На современном скоростном автомобиле Леонид может очень быстро эвакуироваться в капиталистический ад в случае возникновения для него каких-либо угроз внутри страны (1973 год)
#TrumpRussia #Guilty 
4 OF TRUMP INNER CIRCLE CHARGED WITH FELONIES
AND FLYNN IS TALKING. 
You're fighting for the AIDS patients but your husband hates gays or at least that's what he tells his base
Great work.
This one?
Husband in big trouble.

Thanks MELANIA for your kind words of affirmation of your commitment to help in eradicating this horrible and disgraceful disease. The world appreciates your commitment and compassion in this matter. Thanks again and keep making us proud to have you as our #PRETTY FLOTUS #MAGA
Yes we’re proud of you
For saying I don't love someone I don't even know? Your logic is amazing.

http://usa.news-store.com/hp-laptops-found-to-have-hidden-keylogger/ …
I would like to also thank #POTUS for having his own personal Vietnam back in the day against AIDS when he risking his life throughout all the ORGIES he was attending. 
Donald Trump claimed he was a “brave soldier” for avoiding STDs
 #WorldAIDSDay
Bet your husband is a real peach to be around tonight.
Thank you Melania. God bless you and protect you and your family.
@GOP Ronald Reagan was responsible for doing NOTHING about AIDS, letting it run wild through the nation and the world. READ SOMETHING, WOULD YOU?


Her favorite season HO HO HO
My husband 's brother lost his life too Aids 7 years ago.  .

Do you have any soul remaining? How can you daily sacrifice your dignity by being with this despicable and corrupt human being?
Melanie is beautiful, gracious, soft spoken, speaks 5/6 languages, kind. I think she is a great Mother and First Lady 
Apologize to @barackobama for your #birther lies.
How about your own words?
POTUS didn't say this. He doesn't even know what AIDS is.
This okay with you? Women are liars. Women are liars. Women are liars. Women are liars. Women are liars. Women are liars. Women are liars. Women are liars. Women are liars. Women are liars. Women are liars. Women are liars. Women are liars. Women are liars. Women are liars.
You're a creep.
And yet last night’s stunt just prevented some people with AIDS in this country from having access to medical treatment. Shame. Shame. Shame.
From a Legend to a VILLIAN
Hard to do that when cancerfornia encourages people to spread it.
Empower gay Muslims, only way you can make real change happens in the Middle East 
Ohh suddenly @POTUS is too busy to  tweet? Mueller took his fingers? 
Or does Don save his tweets for racist sexist rants?
God Bless You

The naked pics that I have seen of you on the internet, are they fake or real.  Did you take these photos at the height of the AIDS epidemic.  What a role model!
We hope and pray.
Mrs. First Lady,,you keep surprising me! Creative, beautiful and such class!
Perfect !
You can be a beautiful heroine. Encourage your husband to resign. Do the country and world a favor. Go down in history as a true patriot
Sadly, many of them won't take there medications!
Your husband is the biggest ongoing health threat this country has ever faced.
I'm verry glad to write you
Parabéns pela homenagem, celebração e alerta!
Please provide America a copy of your birth certificate
Supposedly discoveries should have ended Aids by now. Too late for the secret kept from me for my late, good brother and wife.
this is your blank ass National AIDS policy website b
I want to donate $100,000.00 to support finding a cure
Really why then has the entire AIDS/HIV Department get canned right before Christmas no less.
Have yourself and family a safe and happy holiday season as the first Year in The White House

Or with you Melania

but you cut funding
No you don’t honor people by taking away their health care.  your Republican tax bill takes away health care from people with oreexisting conditions. Thanks Sweetie
International #SexWrker recognizes #WorldAIDSDay
Sleeping with the enemy! Go away
Except for California.
You nearly free girl
Melania wrote, “we celebrate the remarkable progress we have made in combating this disease (AIDS)”. The only thing you have done is have a staff member write this tweet. List your efforts  against AIDS in the past 11 months.
please take away @realDonaldTrump 's cell phone! Hide it in the veggies, he'll never look there!

Hai medam
Honor poor disease victims by voting to sabotage healthcare for poor people?!? How do you justify that?
With the Kate implant an all for a grandson to become king the bio father would be the king.
That's what I am hearing around Nash.
She’s an idiot puppet who has to put up with her husbands Bullshit!!! But hey, with his money, I’m sure he makes it worth it!!
FARMA COULD BE AS GOOD AS RUSSIAS PROGRAM OR BETTER IF CLINTON WOLVES STEALLING EVERYTHING THEY GOT THEIR CLAWS ON ! 7% bgrowth down to 1% with Clinton & OBAMA - with PREZ Trump we may see 10% - you will be happy again- THANKS LADY MELANIA 
Hope you didn’t get too confortable in the White House
hope you learn how to spell. For fuck's sake, you have auto-correct and can't pull it off.
babana soyle adam gibi dursun  türkiye onu tos gibi ezer türkün ne oldugunu iyi okusun tarihde
I don't honor toxic genders

Wonderful, just make sure you don't get it sleeping with the Bloatus!!
Mrs. trump you are a classy lady and the hate mongers in this country could take a lesson. Keep up  great work
@realDonaldTrump Roy Cohn was a closet homosexual who died of AIDS.  It's true.  #FuckingMoron
Was this before or after @POTUS broke his Keurig?
CALIFORNIA JERRY BROWN, IS LETTING HIV POSITIVE PEOPLE TO FONATE BLOOD. THIS IS A BLATANT DISREGARD FOR HUMAN LIVES. STOP HIM!!!!
That really is fake news. Do some research FFS
America Loves You Right Back.
WE WILL NOT FORGET
The #TaxScamBill just passed
The vast majority of Amer are against this bill. Republican gerrymandering, racist voter suppression, and collusion with Russia have put these thieves in power. THIS IS TAXATION WITHOUT REPRESENTATION. It's why we fought the Am Rev.
FLYNN
MERRY CHRISTMAS
We love you Melania for being a Christmas angel and making us proud with your grace and intelligence.

commitment my ass
errr correction > HIS ass   to regard the bigger picture here 

poor chained comfort gurl, disorderly trafficked far from home !
he just refuses to die timely eh ? but it's still a good deal for you
oh hey, lets all find out about to kill the projectile receptors of corrupted hiv/aid infected blood cells that grappling hook then burrow into uncorrupted blood cells...  then blood thinning and spongy moral bone marrow transplants...lets use shanahans gun to kill stds sti & vds
@alcoholawareness Alcohol and AIDS/HIV Cancers,chronic diseases and over 200 conditions and millions dying every year Melania-How about honoring all of them and prevention-As Donald said-Alcohol kills and much worse than cigarettes-Time we break the shameful silence
#alcoholawareness Melania Trump-Break your silence   Thank you Breast Cancer Sucks for caring and sharing what the Trumps should be doing

Don’tcha just kinda feel ass-raped?
Cara Signora. You, will understand. Millions of our boys were poisoned wth Hg, Al, etc. in too many vaccines. When fever, doctors asked give Tylenol which suppres Glutathione. Metals break the brain blood barrier = Encephalitis. BigPharma,Soro$, brainwashed US to call it "autism"
You can't do better than this, Melania. He obviously treats you like crap - along with everyone else.
Potus Lotus public heath threat 2
Yeah now @realDonaldTrump and the Republicans will go ahead and cut people's healthcare with the tax bill. Your husband is a monster @FLOTUS, what does that make you?
Love her
And we cut the funding you need to live.. good luck- POTUS
You had nothing to do with this campaign why are you trying to jump on it's success?  Too brain dead to create your own ?
The best prevention method is to follow and live according to the Buddhist Phylosopy.

Sleep only with your wife.
We are all commited to end AIDS supporting programs or changing human behaviour to prevent new infections.
You are great, but world aids day, sheesh. That sounds like some Obama junk. What is tomorrow foot fungus day?  Lets #MAGA and say this is the day the Lord has made
A big pussy bow!
