Welcome to Japan. I hope you like our country.
Thank you for your kind welcome of our First Lady. All Japanese here are very kind unlike many Americans towards their own leaders.
Umm actually most Japanese dislike Trump quite a lot....
I know there's the Japanese people who dislike the US (not Trump) and PM Abe. But I'd like to welcome them regardless of political thought.
Somehow they tend to back up N/S.Korea or China.
Yeah tell those angry sea hags whats up Hiroshi!!! KAMIKAZE!!!!!! Here comes Hiroshi... Ohayou from the US.
You gave something encouragement to me. Thanks!
Pearls? Do women in Asia think that's all women in America wanna talk about? Are the boys in the den w/cigars and brandy?
Are you Korean? Their pearl industry is very important to them. Many women are employed in it.
My point is th, oh, never mind
Yor point is...wait for it....No Point! U r just a Hater Bullying n Mocking any1 or anything Not Left.  Yor parents must b proud.
If this tweet is directed at me Adele, my mother committed suicide when I was 9 and my father is a narcissist who beat me mercilessly...
1/2 I'm sorry if I overstepped my bounds, u came off on the other tweets abrasively towards the 1st ladies. In 140 characters
No, I was steamed cause silly person was denigrating First’s diplomatic efforts because she wasn’t with the men doing man thing.
That's the men's fault, not Melania or Mrs. Abe's fault. It's the way women are treated in this world. Nothing to do with FLOTUS
I'm sorry to Mrs Abe. Our first family is such an embarrassment.
Whatever...  You're in designer suits now, they're looking at you as a stripper when 45 met you!  Basically a call girl!  True!
This nasty liberal little mind is so dirty.
But accurate.
Yes there might be a very small portion of odd people like you would think that way. Normal people would not.
"Half"?  Last poll has him at a record low 32%. Yes... at this point 32% are not normal. Quit acting superior... you aren't.
Trump supporters are not changing mind. Some conservative polls show that. Your polls sampled mostly liberals. Pathetic losers.
So your husband plays golf and you are getting a lesson on pearls, what about politics?
Really? Should they refuse to go their hosts events and learn of different cultures and customs?
#StoptheHate
Playing golf and visiting a pearl center is culture?
Please you don’t care /your just like your nasty ass husband.No respect  for people.All you care is about the rich people.Go back to your country lady .
Tea and pearls, that's what's important after all..
You think you're more classy than @FLOTUS???  Afraid not!!!
We love you @FLOTUS 
Not the majority
Melania:  “I could be shopping on Worth St. right now, if not for that idiot wanting to play President.”
Great dress! Jackie Kennedy doesn't even  come close! One of the first and probably the best class and stylish person  to reach the white house. Congratulations Melania Trump!
You are a constant source of inspiration, Madam First Lady! Don’t let the constant negativity bring you down. The ppl of the US are with you
you are beautiful & lucky girl
Thank you First Lady Melania Trump!

且看川普总统访华期间如何应对翻墙。川普靠推特赢选战，也靠每日发推治国。访华期间，他将面临一个重要挑战，如何在中国发推呢？推特等社交媒体在华仍然被禁，据称随行记者都事先配备了翻墙VPN。川普要想在北京发推，必须学会翻墙。川普将在北京亲身体验中国防火长城的伟大和言论自由被禁锢的程度。
Awesome!
Melania doesn't understand "pearl" or "rosebud" b/c of her long-term impecunious nature, right?
Did you share with Mrs. Abe your TREASON COLLECTION?
Haters gonna hate.  No valid reason needed evidently. Sad

The truth.
Yes thanks for you Melania your welcome you doing the good everytime thanks again we like you your welcome
You're deeply respected and appreciated by all Americans! Sorry for the ignorance of the Haters. They don't belong here FLOTUS.
We are very fortunate to have such a great First Lady.
Great America shouldn't  protect a fugitive who has swindled 30, 000 people&took away 13 billion Yuan.@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump
Lol!!! The tea bit implies they spoke of silly things and how so much alike they are. With the exception of nude pics and psycho husbands.
I'm sorry . I know you're smarter than this
@POTUS did you lie down together naked?
I'm sure you've had your fair share of pearl necklaces over the years.
Pearls are not for her. Symbols of power and purity would only irritate her husband. Nevermind.
There's more than one kind of pearl necklace 
Yeah, I get that. Not very subtle.
Thank you @FLOTUS Gorgeous and amazing as ever in Japan #FLOTUSinAsia #MAGA
IPOD TOUCH PRELOADED WITH 3,450 SONGS on eBay. http://m.ebay.com/sch/clearwatercauseway/m.html?isRefine=true&_trksid=p3692&_trksid=p3692&_mwBanner=1 … IPOD TOUCH PRELOADED 3,450 SONGS on eBay. http://m.ebay.com/sch/clearwatercauseway/m.html?isRefine=true&_trksid=p3692&_trksid=p3692&_mwBanner=1 …
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer. - Romans 12:12
What’s with the scuba mask 
Do not get caught up in the Trump circus. This, is never a good decision. There is a reason that New York City hates their guts.
Welcome to Japan !!
please relax & enjoy Japan, we always welcome you !
America is glad .@realdonaldtRump gave you something stupid to. Almost as much fun as @SecondLady's fingerpainting. #MAGA, stay in Japan.

Вы - проститутка высокого класса, превращенная мусорный мешок
Discount on the pearls?
thank you Mrs. Trump for representing the USA so beautifuly.
God bless you and @POTUS as you work on behalf of  and our citizens!! Hope the time difference isn’t too tough on y’all! Lol  #MAGA
The greatest America has had
Figures pretty things are the only thing she takes interest in. Nothing of substance or real change.
Great work.  You are an inspiration to tourists everywhere.
Some people think this is a complement. Trust me... it’s not.
I think you are as you say you are ...
And now we have the perfect example of the expression "Pearls before swine".
Takes a pig to think that way.
Can’t wait till you all go to China, because there is no Twitter there.
Awesome
You’re enjoying there while Texas is crying there... wired.

wth are you wearing?
My baby is attending Rikkyo University there. Please give her a hug for me
@POTUS so you learning how to talk now cultural indeed my immigrant friend
Awesome picture
Beautiful first lady. I am so proud.
I said it the night of the inauguration that she is the epitome of the American dream. What an awesome role model for girls.
Yes she is very successful as an immigrant. Nasty democrats kept attacking her and mock her accent.
I for one I'm impressed by her command of five languages, English being one of the recent ones she learned. I ignore the Democrats always 
I am very pleased with this @FLOTUS. I will protect her so that she will supported when democrats attack her.
I hear you. Her lawyers are hard-core protectors. They scour social media to make sure her reputation is protected and it's glorious.
The style game is real.
Mrs Trump, I know you are acting in good faith on the info provided but please know you have been lied to by greedy people! Small example.
Dr wouldnt give this cough syrup to my sister bc of the codeine being addictive. She had used it in the past, but got an ineffective alternative that didn't work, at all. Paid & wasted $ 4 it.  This is so ridiculous. No wonder more ppl r looking elsewhere for pain relief.






amma & haenyo <3
How is the US imploding?
Sick bitches think were stupid and buy their false flags.  Evrythings being recorded
America loves you @FLOTUS! Thank you for all you do! 
Thank you for your service to the country. @FLOTUS 
 The story behind how pearls are made is beautiful. Thank you Japan for hosting our 1st family.
Proud of you, Mrs. Trump.
@AbeShinzo thank you so much for welcoming our president into your country! i hope you all have a wonderful time.
Welcome Melania and Donald Trump in Korea . your wonderful visit
Thanks...
Whoopee!
God bless to the both of you be safe  thank you President Trump for being a strong and Focused Leader for our country 
Sounds so interesting! I'll bet you had a great time!
We are proud of you Mam.
Love this. I am so happy to see her accompany the president
Oh my goodness! I’d probably fall asleep!
BET YOU LOVED THE ‘PEARLS’
@FLOTUS you often look miserable.Your husband looks angry.Encourage him to resign for the good of the country. Go back to your golden tower.
Your husband is still going to prison.
Stop the distractions you are under federal investigation for treason, collusion and obstruction of justice!

Seems like you are enjoying your role as First Lady Mrs Trump. Best wishes to you.
Getting to see first-hand what it's like to be with an honorable leader of his country and respected spouse. Good luck replicating that!
Proud to be an American, Than you for your dedication you represent us well
@FLOTUS You Make America so proud! God Bless You Melania
Goody goody Melania... enjoying tripping around the world
How awesome is that?  So cool.

Make us proud son you the best and the good looking wife
Did she pretend not to speak or understand english..
Melania excellent job 
@POTUS Lose some weight!
Thank you for representing our Country with such dignity and grace., You make us proud. God Bless u, n God bless America 
You engaged in conversation?  Sure that’s believable.
OH #TOOMuchBeauty Thank you First Lady Trump   #USATrendsetter & Japan 
Why are you wearing an exact opposite of her outfit?
Glad that you did something enjoyable and different for a change
1st time don't like what u wear. Awful coat like blanket even if by Fendi. Not sleek & elegant. My fave blue outfit for inauguration

actually 90% of pearl production is in CHINA.Japan polluted its rivers(wonder why)and their pearls were substandard..flotusisajoke
Pearls of wisdom, I guess
確かこの後、アッキーの店に行くはず。
We have such a beautiful first lady. So much better than that tranny the democrat was married to.
Beautiful First Lady. We are most fortunate to have You !

Awesome 
Hoping our great Prez buys you a beautiful strand of those pearlies! You are a elegant 1St Lady!
Now you know the other place you can get your pearl necklaces from other than @realDonaldTrump
cultural history of pearls? Japanese can be super boring.
The history of pearls? Is this some Creationist tract, an expose about the sordid lives of pearls, or the story of Japan's pearl industry?
thank goodness she is covered, i read in the past clothes were not important

Why does the inside of my dogs ear look like Donald Trump? 
Beautiful first lady Melania Trump !!
The little ladies discussing pearls over tea. Don’t worry your pretty little heads over men’s subjects like politics.
So many ppl on here arguing but what’s the point? You’re probably arguing with a Russian bot
Let’s face it you’re bored stiff.
Why don’t u do something for the Americans made in America will always be made in America U not for Americans All First Ladies do something
They are laughing at you.
Hope he stays in Japan

You're doing an amazing job-beautiful, sophisticated & educated. Your warmth with people can be seen & felt. We are proud of you!!
She's naked in tons of pic & w/ women. That's DUSGRACEFUL. She a mailed order sex slave.
Can't debunk facts
L U X U R I O U S reminiscent Pearl Harbor - SALUTE FRIEND JAPAN & FLOTUS Trump #TOOMuchBeauty 
Best of luck mam
@FLOTUS ,
I love every picture you take. 
Remember,  you and @POTUS  must rest well, daily.
Blessings
#SaveMelania. #Golddigger
You make us so proud @FLOTUS
Making America a joke.
A elegant lady.....at last!!!

Melania you're just as bad you're spending Americans money for your convenience your clothing sucks by the way I never seen a worst dressed
The Japanese have an incredible culture & Melania @FLOTUS you r one lady that appreciates everything beautiful & traditional. Thank You  for being U, and enjoy the “tea” as it is an important part of the culture. 
You can’t even speak English!

C est bien sa
I suppose you are used to such things, but all my life I have dreamed of having a string of Mikimoto pearls. How fortunate you r! On my dime
https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3D9YcB7PI1RFA&h=ATOX1RKf0ltjbFa6cPUsFFLLajoP9Z4JwpCJ2_VM9m0T5oV2XDM4ytspJoENTAAzUMcG0RKw5x47B2uwCpM73-NBsmTA24hSOQM1vkLW4HgBf2cSN4pQNfIysy8iSFu7KIS9GAVgdDw&enc=AZNqIwn0KWPAOCEFaJcRXCcjScbEtOJA-HtaaS_DJlxcAi2gfDq_2RJzqR1hfgc8UazLF5eSLUZl9getaZQclZQU2IONjv04W4d3VKIEjRDmXixq9S0RwEetjBPGWBSpoxcGWq-TPvC1vrvVqqSQlqBAGyoOz0L_AXC0WiAOh7cugWHnUA3Ucksitd_PpQ3fHhHD5IfAo9wbXsFTWyxbD431_wR7k3kxCyD2jdoKH3uXsuzt5sQ3vQgBblla3ltGv-PHStzZcXxhqfrjQiSCErTrDDbcQqc8LYUryPVI_79TB5ZmvQlc24TDkD2au9c0uT_1n0N57W3mY4IhDb8R4j_hQ6Ni_8Z_mSMJN3d79T3I_C3-_tp1Z08Legz762an6zi4yDMYWTbSH6FHuNqP6DQyE_kw-upt0w1nGItht1_e4g&s=1 …
Very beautiful! Thank you for being such a wonderful First Lady. My daughter is 13 and her hope is to visit White House
Such an appropriate theme for your visit, accessories to go with your sunglasses and perfect hair.
Does anyone else see the look in FLOTUS eyes as she looks at those pearls ? POTUS better lock down the credit cards or he’s in trouble!!
Malignia...what the hell are you wearing??  You look like a freaking eskimo!
Once a stripper, always a stripper! Sleezzzzzzzzz
FLOTUS is so utterly beautiful and remarkable. Soooo proud!
Why are you wearing some fugly bath robe? Have you no respect?
Love your sweater coat!
My family is very proud of the wonderful example set by the FLOTUS.
OMG! Amongst the cognoscenti of the East; how did she mange?

So... wow. Don Jr straight-up offered to change US policy towards Russia in exchange for dirt on Hillary Clinton. https://twitter.com/NatSecGeek/status/927495250091929600 …
So Proud of our Beautiful and Intelligent @FLOTUS !! She represents America so well....  #MAGA
JUST AN ILLEGAL TRUMP SEX SLAVE ....MAGA MAKE ASSHOLES GO AWAY
nice 70's dress
What a lovely tour, @FLOTUS. My 7 yr old grandson was just telling me his plan to make pearls, yesterday ;). Any new tips? God Bless  
Did you tell donnie that she in fact does speak English???
Just classy like my wife!
Just go look at pearls ladies, while your hubbies screw up everything.

And sinks or country into division.
You have a good Twitter writer.
Melania should have the Golden pearls.
I genuinely feel sorry for you ...you seem like such a nice lady
You look lost. Like you're begging to be shot
Hope you saved s some tea for the people of Puerto Rico
PERVERTS...
https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/1770369129661236/ …
why do you look so sad?

Breathe of fresh air.
You are wonderful First Lady and beautiful woman
Just awesome-that you for your intelligence and elegance!!!! @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @ABC @NBCNews @CBSNews @CNN @MSNBC @AP @PressSec
Thank you First Lady for being gracious and representing the USA so beautifully!!

I welcome you from the heart.

You're most welcomed!
your a FIRST CLASS LADY MRS TRUMP you make us proud of your work
