Christ is back in Christmas! Thanks!
thank God 
One Nation under God 
No offense but there is a reason there is a separation or church and state. So people couldn't turn to use their religion to rule over others who believe different.
Like they do in Muslim countries, I know, but Christmas is about Jesus Christ and America was founded on Christian values, God bless you and enjoy a great Christmas 
I thought @Jesus_M_Christ was a Middle-Eastern Jew?
Also, I thought that the US Constitution specifically states: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion"?
Middle-Eastern jews rule, they build a prosperous country in the middle of the desert!
Deserts in general, or have you got a particular one in mind?
So happy you and president Trump are reconstructing the Nativity scene this year!
Are they simply amazing! 
It's so great
Awesome
MERRY CHRISTMAS HAPPY CHANUKAH AND IT'S ABOUT TIME TO PUT UP NATIVITY AT WH BC WE NEED GOD BACK IN OUR COUNTRY AND IN WH
You are right , we need  a higher power at  the White House , I believe it’s happening already! All the bad guys are being destroyed, and the good guys will rise above! 
Merry CHRISTmas!! 
To you as well! 
What a beautiful First  Lady and young Ambassador Barron!  God has Blessed Us,  Everyone!
Merry Christmas to our truly Beautiful First Lady and our First Family!! 
@FLOTUS  @POTUS @WhiteHouse  
#ChristmasTree 
#WhiteHouseChristmasTree2017  
#HappyThanksgiving #HappyThanksgiving2017 
#MerryChristmas #GivingTuesday #HappyHoliday #HappyHoliday2017
Thank you Silent Night Evergreens in Wisconsin for our beautiful tree! @POTUS, Barron & I are excited for Christmas in our new home! 
We love you, the voice of those who love you are louder than all the rest.
So happy and proud to have the three of you in the people's White House. You are all such a wonderful representation of the United States.
OUR FLOTUS IS AN AMAZING  beautiful lady, in and out! 
Merry Christmas
You did a beautiful job decorating the tree.  The most beautiful ever.  Your taste is impeccable.  Happy Thanksgiving also.
I love her.  Best First Lady that I can remember.
loves you FLOTUS YOUR A GREAT BLESSING TO YOUR COUNTRY MERRY CHRISTMAS we are praying for you and your family to have a safe and wonderful Christmas in your new home
We are so proud to have your beautiful family hosting our Nation at Christmas! God bless!!
Merry Christmas!  
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump
@CarenBouchard @POTUS We R so thankful you, Barron, and President Trump R there & pray your Christmas will B blessed beyond measure.
BARRON IS VERY HANDSOME, 4 ONLY BEING 11 YEARS OLD. & I NOTICE HOW TALL HE'S GOTTEN. THIS PICTURE WAS WHEN HE WAS 10. I THINK IT WAS FATHER'S DAY 2016
Barron looks very uncomfortable.
I think he also has some social issues.
Also, let's be real, as the son of trump, Barron has been in the public eye since birth!
Very special to have such an Amazing @FLOTUS in Our White House 
I can't wait to see the tree all decorated up.  I know it will be absolutely wonderful
The merriest of Christmas' s is wished for you, your husband , and for Baron !!
As a first generation American, my father having come here at the age of 4, I'm so proud of the work you and your entire extended family is doing to #MAGA. 
GOD BE WITH YOU ALL
Merry Christmas!
Beautiful tree! @FLOTUS and Barron look very nice as well! I'm so happy for y'all and the 1st Christmas you get to enjoy at the White House. The 1st of many you will have 
God bless and protect you First Lady of the United States Melania Trump, your family and loved ones, this nation and the whole world.  Amen.
Love you all ! 
MSNBC Proves They HATE Trump by Attacking His Heartfelt Message to the Troops http://truthfeednews.com/msnbc-proves-they-hate-trump-by-attacking-his-heartfelt-message-to-the-troops/ … … via @truthfeednews
May your first Christmas in the White House be filled with only joy and peace. Thank you for taking on this task to help save America.  I cannot get over how tall Barron has grown in a year. God bless you and your family now and always.
Beautiful
Thank you for the charming turkey pardoning ceremony!!! We really enjoyed it!!!
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas and Bless you and yours. Merry Christmas, just had to say it again! Thank you Trump Family, for sacrificing your personnel life and safety to MAGA.
you @FLOTUS Have a happy & festive Thanksgiving!  
I’m thankful for our @POTUS & the wonderful #firstfamily! 
Beautiful tree! Wishing your family the best Christmas ever!!
@JohnWBechtel_2
Fraser fir!
Barron needs a Pup for Christmas

And on this holiday, may Jesus bless the women your "husband" grabbed & assaulted. May he grant holiday bliss to the underage girls he spied on in dressing rooms. May Jesus bless the pedophile Roy who your husband defends. And in the words of Tiny Tim. May God Bless us, everyone.
Which women did he do that to? Who are they, what did they say??? There should be an investigation!
Unlike Liberals, who seem incapable of joy, we are very happy that we are all celebrating Christmas again!!!
This is going to be a great merry christmas i love saying this and not feel ashamed or ridiculed
I will pray for peace and bring our troops home
Merry Christmas from the TRUMPS! 
Glorious! This Christmas Holiday feels so joyful and special already!
With tax payers $ hope this is last holiday for you guys hopefully next one holiday in jail house not in White House
Merry Christmas...  those two words make me happy ... Thanks @POTUS
Untied,anyone or anything can stand-again & again
Love you/all your family MR @POTUS /  MS  @FLOTUS @WhiteHouse et al
Please, continue to lead “OUR GREAT NATION “ from the front
May all God’s Blessings be with you/yours at all times
Safe MERRY CHRISTMAS
6-8 Gen MC American
Can't wait to see it all decorated and in the house! So good to see Barron, what a handsome young man he is.

Great tree, great event, great FLOTUS... What more could we ask for...??? Well, done
Merry Christmas to the First Family
Nice!.
Thank you and your family for such a class act in the Whitehouse.
Thank YOU!!!, Melania, for sacrificing a normal life for us, the citizens of the USA. Please, keep Donald grounded, he is our hope for the future of America.
I still can not believe how tall Baron is for a boy so young!!!

So excited to see how you do Christmas!!! #maga #MerryChristnaa2017
Awe your baby Barron so excited :) Happy for him and the family. Lovely
For the first time in 8 years WE the People are EXCITED about Christmas with ALL of YOU in your new home, THANK YOU for making Christmas GREAT again! 
I am excited for you,  God Bless you and your family as you are a blessing to us!
Great now the Liberals are going to say Trump is declared war on trees.

ALERT Retweet ASAP to trigger Snowflakes this Christmas@realDonaldTrump said we’d be saying Merry Christmas again. Now we have a new #Christmas Anthem. @richdimare #SnowFlakesFalling #ItsOk …
Beautiful Christmas at the WH.
Thank you, Melania, for bringing love of our country and true beauty and class back to the WH!!!
@beck_ann4 @philadper2014
Beautiful! Thank you for such a beautiful and peaceful Christmas decor at our Whitehouse!

God has blessed the people of the United States with President Donald Trump and his Family. Prayer is real and He listens.
The Nations tree!
So happy to have such a wonderful first family in the W H!  #maga
Wow. That tree is amazing .
Merry Christmas  - so glad to see #ChristmasTraditions  brought back to the White House!
Happy Thanksgiving Flotus
Happy Thanksgiving lovely lady 
Happy Holidays to the Trump family.
Beautiful message Mrs. Trump.
Such a lovely tree! Post lots of pictures when your done decorating it. I know it will be just fabulous, you've got such impecable taste!

HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO YOUR AMAZING FAMILY MRS. PRESIDENT. GOD BLESS AND KEEP YOU ALL.
Awesome
Mrs. Trump, you are such a fantastic and thoroughly classy first lady. Thank you for all you do..
Barron is so tall now, but Barron lost weight. He needs to eat more. Please
I ‘be expericed under, never in japan trustworthy of any female most dirty do wrong hiding,never feeling of others,dirty,dirty of Yayoi to see realize at glance,even me,,,,

Enjoy your first and last Christmas at the White House
Blessing to all my lady n well wishes.
You make us so proud !
@ivankatrump According to plaintiff+eyewitness' sworn statements @realdonaldtrump boasted that he was responsible for girl's disappearance+ he could do same to them-harm or kill them + their families. #whereisMaria or her body? #childRAPEtrump @GOP @VP  We should talk about this!
God bless you and your family . Please have a wonderful Thanksgiving.
I just felt one of the best goosebumps of my life

Melania, thank you for bringing back respect and grace to our White House!!
It's not your home, it's ours.
Beautiful <3
Christmas with potus must be horrible
beautiful!
OMG, are we now allowed to say Merry Christmas again without being accused of spreading Christianity by the Left?

Dear @FLOTUS ,
I would love to come to the @WhiteHouse for Christmas  2017, how can we make that happen?
I'm sure the decorations will be as tasteful & classy as the new residents of the WH. Thank you Melania for bring grace back in style.
Happy thanksgiving ms trump,.I'm sure you make a warm loving home with your family, God bless you guys, happy holidays.
So appreciate you bringing back nativity scenes to White House. Christ be with you and bless you and yours. Feel like I could cry, so touching! It should never have been banned, this is America.
All of you looked so great.  You are an inspiration to our country!
Barron is getting so tall, and just as handsome as our Wonderful President.  We love you all @FLOTUS.  
I pray for your family to find Peace thru the chaos. I am thankful for DJT.
Merry Christmas!!! 
Have a Merry Christmas, Mrs. Trump.
So beautiful. Mrs Trump, we are so blessed to have you, Barron, your Husband and all of the Family in the WH. You bring Hope back to us all.
Beautiful&kind 1st lady,I'm very proud of you&our president.Blessings
It will be beautiful! God Bless You & Your Family.
We can't wait to see your 1st White House tree decorated. God Bless you, Melania and have a Happy Thanksgiving! 

So, Left Wing Liberals want to Abolish Thanksgiving because it represents White Supremacists  That’s a very Bigoted, Racist View even coming from a #LeftWingNut  @HuffPostPol  …
It's Beautiful! And shocking how tall Barron suddenly is(speaking of beautiful!!!)
Can I come visit? I bet the White House is beautiful for Christmas!!  #MAGA
How beautiful enjoy your holidays in peace, love and gratitude. Blessings
I am so happy to see a Christmas tree back in the White House!
Your new "TEMPORARY" home.
Please post pics of it decorated @FLOTUS Thank
Merry Christmas from Las Vegas!!! 

Wow, Barron is really tall!. Great kid, I know you're proud of him.
Barron should be aware that his father supports a paedophile just so he can add to his tax reform votes!  How does that leave you feeling, #complicitmelania?  How would you feel if it was Barron abused?  #despicabletrumps
Don’t get comfy you won’t be there long!!!!!
Merry Christmas mr. And mrs. Trump God bless you and your family
Enjoyed seeing ! XO
Nothing says Christmas in the White House more than a beautiful woman like our FLOTUS....so nice to enjoy this wonderful holiday with her graciousness and beauty 
melani,kitabini,uyduryel,1,geceline,sendeyel,mevlana,hediye,silah,tank,gonder
Happy Thanksgiving @IvankaTrump  So I keep getting thee invites to come see POTUS. The only way I can submit my name is contribute. I have been sending $100.00 /month since before Primary. Do I have to quit my donation and restart to qualify?
That was really neat how they brought the tree up to the WH by horse and wagon! I'm sure that will always be special for Barron!
Love the horse & wagon      :-)
Cool
I know it's still a bit early, but #MerryChristmas  : )
It is a magnificent tree.
YEHEEEY WE CAN SAY MERRY CHRISTMAS  AGAIN THANKS  MR TRUMP
Please vacate the premises - intelligent educated Americans DO NOT want you there- bring class back to the White House
Wrong. Intelligent Anericans have chosen their President and stand proud WITH HIM.
Actually no. Popular vote says so. Disgusted Danforth Republican here.
Oh for heavens sake- please read-facts that is. Popular vote certainly says NO Trump & the most educated also agree - go back to school
Looks like you love Barron quite a lot. Would you leave him alone with a Scout Master, a Coach, a Teacher, a Preacher @MooreSenate ? I suggest you check out @Darkness2Light then have a talk with him. It may have already happened. I hope not, but I know the look. Ask me how I know

“HAPPY THANKSGIVING” to Our Amazing @POTUS@FLOTUS & All  The First Family! Mr. Donald Trump & Mrs. Melania Trump & Barron,Wishing You The Warmest Of Thanksgiving Wishes! I will enjoy This Thanksgiving being Grateful for My Awesome Family & Thankful we have Yours,God Bless All
Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family 
How exciting! I wish I were there to help decorate. Can’t wait to see everything all finished.
I bet it smells heavenly! 



Why are you retweeting this crap on January 20th. Can you BE any more irrelevant?
thank you very much
In this world Solomon's temple was built in Jerusalem ... This global survival is on Jerusalem as well ... so. Trump. The Israeli capital of Jerusalem asked ... it is a heavenly gate
CHRISTMAS WILL BE NICE FOR ME NOW BYE
You don’t even stay there. Shut up
Great job Melania Trump! Merry Christmas!

Hey!!Hawww! ALABAMA.....If you embrace Roy Moore & Donald Trumps views. It means you embrace "Isils" views on pedophilia and child molestation. Remember Isils?. The guys you hide under your blanket from.   Americ…
Our children are watching #Internet "HAPPY HOLIDAYS" #Canada
@CBCToronto
MERRY MERRY CHRISTMAS TRUMP WH FAMILY - JOYFUL JOYFUL tidings - PEACE AND FREEDOM 
Keep the boxes handy, you will be out soon. The Liar In Chief will impeached! Then we can finally "Make America Great Again" by undoing the damage he has caused!
Thank you for bringing elegance to the White House!
My Goodness it must smell phenomenal in the WhiteHouse!
Merry Christmas – at Business Development Service
Merry Christmas
jeez Barron is getting so tall! Make sure you don't decorate him by mistake
Thank you Silent Night Evergreens in Wisconsin for our beautiful tree! @POTUS, Barron & I are excited for Christmas in our new home!
Thank you to the First Lady for making our WhiteHouse look so beautiful for the Christmas season.
Beautiful
. The Christmas freak show!
Beautiful!
Love the behind the scenes. Always wanted to know how they get that in there.
You finished it off and found the beauty of the Wisconsin evergreen,we thank you for that. Kathy
RT
I'm sure Jesus would have been intelligent enough to understand basic ecology

Today, he would not allow such a video be broadcast.

A caring responsible person would; the vid'd be of the tree being planted back out

#ChristmasTree #RootsOn

Keep the roots on please everyone
They've cut the roots off

If I were a business / consultant / professional...  I would make it law that trees are re-planted. 

Because I think it would have a good effect on people; their perspective on CO2, environment & CO2 levels directly

#GreatBarrierReef
I wish you didn’t kill the tree 
what are you happy about?  Our family will now be in jail soon.
Merry Christmas America
You’re holding the WH hostage. It’s not YOUR home. It’s the people’s home. Get out
@POTUS and @FLOTUS Merry Christmas
A home you and that man that SPONSORS you do NOT deserve to be in!! #mailorderwife

Merry Christmas Madame First Lady!
Barron is growing up so fast.
