Your outfit is smart! 
BEST FLOTUS EVER
Barf!
I'm sure she was thrilled to flip they your fashion magazines and count your shoes. Poor woman. Must have been a long day for her.
Thank you for sharing your days and activities with us @FLOTUS. We love and appreciate you so so so much!!!   You Are beautiful!!
As smart as she is beautiful.
I love your pants suit! Your also doing a terrific job!
Your tie is actually longer than your husband's.
Costs more than you made last year
What a Great First Lady! Thanks for all you do,
You look great..love the suit  
Oh give us a break! You phony cyborg ridiculous woman . No more sympathy for you. I hope you have to Fuck this horrible  man every day
Terible mental picture
Tell hubby to stop tweeting
Beautiful picture with two beautiful women
Grace and beauty
We Love you, Melania Trump!

Looks like you are planning your escape
Ivana is first lady that what she said, ask Ivanka

اسلام

https://youtu.be/Q9qmO68uMl0 

FLOTUS is amazing, intelligent, beautiful
You try to post a photo of you looking better than Sophie?? Not ever possible you weak, failure @FLOTUS #MelaniaSucksTrumpsCock
You married for money.   End of story.
BS
I love your style! I'm sure it's more conservative than you prefer, but you look so classy and elegant. Reminds me of Audrey Hepburn.
She’s the most fake woman ever
Who wore it best? Sophie!
Beautiful! Thank you for sharing your day with us!
Genuine Grace :)
Our First Lady is all class.
Keep up the good work FLOTUS.

MIKE PENCE AND FAKE NEWS CNN 
Melania Trump....Most wonderful First Lady, ever
THEEE most beautifully, classiest FLOTUS EVER!
She 's a nice woman. Not any nowhere near as BEAUTIFUL as Melania...Michelle doesn't speak 6 languages either
Michelle doesn't pose nude either
Fortunatly so.......She is MAGA as a result!
Nudes make America great? Hmm
You didnt read it ...I said She is maga by NOT posing nude
Firstly it's "You're as in You are"
Secondly context clues saves time. Michelle doesn't have nudes. Deductive reasoning leaves melly
I will never believe that Americans chose you as first lady.... Jesus christis what is wrong with these people
We chose her husband and got her as a bonus
And what a bonus ha? Mpliah
We love you Melania!!!!!
I don’t!!
We could learn a few things from our neighbors to the North.
Yeah like how Trudeau is taxing us to death. Giving millions to Isis murderers, spending like a frat boy and turning Canada into shit? 
Yes, and Trudope cant even complete his sentences because he's so high most of the time...ugh, give us Trump!!!!
Donald Trump sexism tracker: Every offensive comment in one place
Meanwhile in Canada... Justin Trudeau: We must promote more women to positions of power |
Trudeau gives Canada first cabinet with equal number of men and women | World news | The Guardian
Trump’s Cabinet So Far Is More White and Male Than Any First Cabinet Since Reagan’s - The New York Times
.....Makes me cringe! Trump didn't do his homework here! Look how this guy cheated Kansans....
She is smarter than you
You and Mr T hurry and visit us in the UK 
Two beautiful sophisticated ladies!
#ozkor_ALAH

https://www.slideshare.net/mobile/dritonN/towards-understanding-islampps …

@eDialogueC @eDialogueCenter @NewMuslimsHail @atheistfriend0 @islamicicdxb
Love  your style @FLOTUS. You are stunning. Thank you for all you do.
Bahahaha what does she do? Nothing!
We know quite well that Canada is to the north. Any more stupid remarks?
Mrs Trudeau knows how to keep her clothes on!

Proud of our @FLOTUS
What no wall for white folks
Wish I could have met you as I toured the White House this morning!
Nice suit. Really perfect.
Did you show her you Immigration papers??
Your such wonderful First Lady and your husband President Trump is a fantastic Leader Of America Blessings Forever Amen  #Susan
Beautiful intelligent women.
LOL


would you consider speaking for a Woman's conference in SC on March 8, 2018. We need you
Very beautiful! I’m proud that you are the First Lady, and the first First Lady with class and elegance in quite some time
Melania...Don't listen to unkind tweets...Jealosy makes women very mean...
OMG… What are you in love with her? Chillout girlfriend!
MAGA MAGA @realDonaldTrump MAGA
Ask her how it feels to Not be an immigrant concubine
How does it feel to be a looser?
I think she’s the one that’s looser
Does Trumpty like you dressing like a man ?
Judy George let's start with school lunches.
Those #outfits that #handbag...#love
The prime ministers wife looks terrified
Love you-big supporter.But not of this outfit to host foreign head of state; looks like that tie sending a msg. Model outfit,not FLOTUS
Hopefully she was telling you your complicit
YES BUT SHE HAS CLASS UNLIKE U HERE IS A EXAMPLE
going to leave this right here for when you're ready
The most beautiful secretary
u look great love the outfit
Teach boys to respect women AND be truly masculine.
We so wish we had a First Lady like her instead of a stripper in our White House.
Your outfit looks so stunning on you.
Canada has a real first lady not a hooker in heels that disgraces this nation and a pig of a moron BLOTUS that defiles this nation.
Classy group
The most stylish First Lady 
Now if Canada would only increase their NATO spending to an acceptable level. Nope, they spend it on single payer healthcare. Smart of them?
Oh fooled me, for a moment I thought it was Bruce Jenner in those grey slacks.
I love that suit. 
Two classy first ladies.
U make a great first lady.
Disgraceful.
I support FLOTUS but I don’t give a damn about Leftist filthy and lowdown free speech on this page. It’s not free after all—eh Twitter?
We support you & are thankful our great country has such a classy, poise & honorable FIRST LADY. God Bless You & your marriage!
No YOU support her. Don't put me in this mess.
Just talking about playboy mansion
So, these trump fans are judging first lady just like he does, on looks alone, not on action, on actual ability ability to care. #shallow
Is that English? For a lady who claimed to have written her own speech at the GOP convention to be unable to write a decent sentence #SHAME
Yes, all of our First Ladies deserve our respect. They chose wife and motherhood, not the White House. I appreciate ALL of them.
Complete knockout. 
Woah.
Best First Lady ever 
WOW, how deplorable
Love the pantsuit!
Build that Canadian Wall! #FireTrump. @realDonaldTrump
This is not the First Lady! Just one of your “friends”!

What happened to classy women. Very vulgar tweets about FLOTUS. Really? Sad example to young women!
Awesome FLOTUS . She even kills it in a pant outfit. Take that Hillary   
Your style and grace are impeccable.
FLOTUS is so Stylish, love it !! 
Sophie is a natural beauty!
I'm so proud to have a First Lady as hip as Melania. President Trump is a lucky man.
You are beautiful! God bless you.
I agree with John Desantis. @FLOTUS is a VERY GORGEOUS woman.
Deport Melania came here illegally, worked illegally and took our money from US citizens illegally! Give it all back with interest!!
You’re both beautiful and classy! I hope you had a lovely day chatting and catching up with one another! 
Classy, Beautiful, Poise & CHIC....keep it Melania
LOVE the outfit! You make us proud.
Привет
LOVE that suit Melania! Always stunning!
Who won the handshake?
Love your style!!! 
SO GRATEFUL that YOU are our #FirstLady #FirstLadyMelania #FLOTUS We are SO BLESSED as a nation to have you and @Potus in our #WhiteHouse.
Abdul Rashid Qureshi Hashmi 03154671429 03228495240
Hubby compliment her bod???
The Peoples 1st Family! Ignore the haters!
33%
That's great @FLOTUS
LMFAO...
Louise Dorothy deaden Marion and husband Gerald handfieldMarion retired Naval Material Command board arbitrationCanadianWife murderedbycpms
Says the bloated orange toads’s, stoolie.
It is truly a shame that the trudeau's represent Canada. Most Canadians despise them. Sorry USA
The always lovely Melania
Love that suit! You look amazing....always
Sophia Trudeau is a classy woman 
Huh?
They hate you almost as much as we do missy eurotrash
I'm sure she wanted to vomit in her mouth
Flotus hope U had a great day. Ignore ALL distractions...you are handling business, therefore walk with confident 1st Lady, lives R changing
I love this look on you ~ gorgeous
her husband is nuts and a disaster for Canada
Such grace style and Americanism always displayed. So refreshing. Great FLOTUS!
Run Mel Run.....
LOL...
STEAL ANY MORE SPEACHES?
In Japan all will be fan of Spelling words of Cypher on your Jeans=
Or is this the First Lady?
Thank God we have class in the White House again
Love the suit
If I could raid your closet and Michele Obamas closet 
Born and raised in the United Kingdom,She graduated from King's College London in 1996 with a first-class honours B of S,Asma Akhras FLOS
Nice pic. Thank you FLOTUS!
Our @FLOTUS Melania remakes the pantsuit. Gorgeous.
Yes yes yes
You look so beautiful Melania! So proud to have you as our Flotus!
Best of luck Melania dear happy journey and lot of love.
Bella, 
So proud to have you represent us as @FLOTUS !
The Frist Lady is looking Awesome!!!
Hope your wonderful #POTUS & #FLOTUS can encourage & be a #ProLife influence to our PM & his wife #WeNeedaLaw for unborn Canadians #MAGA

You wear a suit better than your husband. Better watch out he may divorce you.
