He's still in love with Ivana... but you look better naked. Priorities!
That's hilarious. You know he wants to bang Javanka.
Hopefully not in White House like Clinton did ... talk about demeaning women
Trump cheated on wife 1 with wife 2 & wife 2 with wife 3. It’s not like it’s unlikely.
So we go ahead and say guilty because it may happen
Is denial your superpower?
No seems u have that power plus rose color glasses I assume
I stated nothing but facts. U "assume" &hopefully" wish for reality to fit your naivete. I live in the deep in. Go back to the wading pool.
This is one of the whitest pictures I have seen in a long time. So much for diversity.
Don't see much diversity with miss black America pageant.  Why are those kind of things ok but if it was reversed then it racism.
We are a people of exclusion. We were excluded from Miss America. And the definition of "Beauty" is a little lighter than our skin.
I feel we meaning USA have been really divided this last eight years and I'm praying we can recover.
The last 9 months have caused so much division, too much division, the greatest amount of division. Looking forward to a recovery ad well
Division started 8 years ago 
I am lost? We were united 8 years ago?
Oh so I guess u agreed with x potus on blasting 1st responders and promoting the criminals. Recall he stood up for Ferguson but not police
You are one of the most classiest FLOTUS of all time.
“Most classiest”
Once again fans of the Yam prove that we need so much more $$ invested in education.
Well let's just say this, she out classes Michelle Obama hands down! If I wanted an English lesson I would go back to school.
How was Michelle Obama not classy? I'm not disagreeing or agreeing, I'm just looking for actual reasons because I don't know.
Got the real answer, she was a BLACK WOMAN!  Racists won't admit they are racists, they code their hate with fox news lies. #HARVARDvsHOE
Black Women can be very classy but I don’t find @MichelleObama a classy woman.
I find some caucasian women classy but not Melania, she presents to the world an immoral, uneducated, gold digging, stealing, botoxed joke.
That’s for sure ppl wld not be drawn to you. Any1 that slams her does it out of shear jealousy
God bless them They give so much to this country and now HAVE to be in the same room as FTOLUS. But she stayed dressed so.well done FTOLUS
White dream house they would be so happy for inviting
Go Melania!!!!!! :)
Obama, shims a dude, over her. No more pics.
Geez, at least get the quote right before completely misrepresenting it for the umpteenth time.
It is correct. She said that early on. Fact check Jedi dude and go back to doing your "thang "
It is not correct. Try fact checking yourself before you spout crap next time, okay?
So how did your little-hand man serve? Oh yeah. I'd forgotten. You have absolutely NOTHING in common with those women.
She does not have to have anything in common with them to honor their sacrifices. Do u know anyone who serves &What the families go thru?
I do, actually. That's why I feel she isn't in the same class. She's no rep.
And thanks to you too. Love your family.
One thing I never like, spouses of military that think they have the right to wear their spouses rank.
Aren't there any black amongst the senior military leaders in America??? Just asking.....
Not women
And one year ago today, your "husband" was caught saying this. Aren't you proud? #fakeflotus
I'm having to retweet Andre like everything again on the first ladies Twitter account something or someone keeps undoing my retweets and my likes over and over again I don't know why this is happening to me I wish this would stop it's very frustrating
Every time I saw you in any pic you looks to me the tallest One
LOVELY ...I LOVE U

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
1
God bless you you all, we appreciate supportive families
Beautiful photo. Thank you to our FL for sharing 
And look, they accepted and no one is kneeling
I don't know what planet these people come from , these people don't deserve to be running our country !!
Wow what a wonderful photo.  Thank you for sharing 
Kris should go back to school - a lottle Emglish language upgrade!
Did @realDonaldTrump keep his hands to himself or did he grab a couple of pussies? #WorstPresidentEver
I know you're not seeing this but everyone else is. It's pretty white in the White House. Please try and be better.
Skills and patriotism trump skin color.  Stop being a racist.

God bless our military & God bless you FLOTUS 
Who is the only man in the photo?
The only man must be the wife of one of the generals.
"WIFE"?  Do we call men "wife" now.  I am not sure.

Freaked out? Support HR 669 by Sen @EdMarkey & me. Bill prohibits @POTUS from launching nuclear 1st strike without Congressional approval. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/916089355281862656 …

Do their husbands bang porn stars too?
Ahhhh, women attacking women....such class. Does your husband bang porn stars?
There are no black senior military leaders ?
Apparently no black military was invited obviously.
You're an amazing @FLOTUS ! So proud of you!! #classy
The last 8years were harsh!!
Is this harsh?!
I forget, where did Donnie serve? Oh, yeah, that pesky bone spur
WTF has she done?
Interesting and Worrying life
I was really hoping for a few more tens like you my little East European strumpet but AS USUAL I have the hottest third wife in the room!
I pray for you, you soulless moron. Your hate of women is showing.
You must not be hot to say such things!  My shoes definitely have soles! LOSER #ImKingNOw #MAGAMofos #IHeartPutin #MuellerDontScareMe
What a beautiful diverse group of women.
Funny you assume none of those white women can be married to black men in the year 2017?
First time in my lifetime I have been this involved in politics and I am SO HONORED you are our @FLOTUS. Thank you 
Look at all the jealousy in these tweets! Man I'm having a ball watching these libtards display their butthurt. Keep it up libtards!
Cor blimey, she's dressed, makes a change


Yet still no word on the 6 soldiers killed in Niger. Was there not a photo op for that?
You are doing a great job!

What does your moronic husband mean when he says " calm before the storm" ? Any clue?
Why all are whites?
I was wondering the same thing!
While @CBS and the @NFL did not even air the National Anthem.  So proud of you and @realDonaldTrump.
Nice picture and all Michelle did was to ensure spouses had an easier time having careers.
Vanilla, just sayin'.
Why are liberals so racist?  Do you hate everybody?

Gracious Elegance!
Dignity Honor & 
True Feminine Strength!
AWESOME
Everyone who's in this comment thread, what has Melania done as FLOTUS besides be photogenic, have good outfits and not be Michelle?
Melania has never been vulgar
You proved my point.
BEST First Lady!
Me too! A big fan:)
@FLOTUS Soo.. No Black Senior Military Leaders in Our Military..??  #smh
Only a racist would make it about skin color.
Looks like it’s way past time for them to have retired.  Have @POTUS Set an age limit for the military, even only one male dates equality
Classy but with the dumbest man earth..
Very nice
Trump loves the United States more love dollars
Military Academia worldwide have filled The Messiah Son of God's nose with rotting flesh of thier own naked truth rendered useless. Ewe2You
Some people are just stupid. Two planes, really. That would put you to the top of the list.
Deplorable Melania......Fake POTUS and @FLOTUS
Beautiful lady 
When she kept muttered to herself,I suspected that she was a few bricks short of full load,she's crazy with all sort of social awareness.
MYMY OLD MAN MR TRUMP! YOU KNOW ABOUT A KIDNAPPING AND COVERUP OF DR JAMES ALBERT HARDER PHD WHO RAN FOR HIS LIFE!
Why are they all white
Exactly what does that have to do with it?
Including people with different backgrounds and races provide insight and opinions that you don’t get with a homogenous group of people.
All whites. This is a form of racism standing together.
Interesting. All but one are white women. And one white male. Interesting.
Here's another line up
These women spoke out against @realDonaldTrump for the sexual assault and rape he committed on them. Their voices matter.
#MeToo 
Skanks tryin to get a paycheck.. move along hoes..
GOD BLESS FLOTUS and America!!
What u didn't Thank them there . U waited a day or 2 n tweet ur thanks . Well I guess u marry a moron u become a moro ,right
Did Lyin’Donny grab any of their pussies?

Oh GO AWAY
Hey, the people outside of the major cities in Puerto Rico are in crisis! You didn't even go there!
They were not allowed for security reasons. Educate yourself.
JUST WONDERFUL #FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP!!
GREAT SUIT~EXCELLENT SHIRT CHOICE~BUSINESS!
PERFECT LOCATION~
#PresAbeLincoln REPRESENTS EQUALITY! 

Did your husband brag about his foot pain? SAD!!!
Lovely. Thank you for your sincere civil work
And viewing other tweets we can clearly see how offensive your supporters are as well.
Sweet
Hubby calls you to podium for Hispanic Heritage talk but you're obviously simply a speechless prop.
Too bad you can't say that to your bully.
Somebody was Outnumbered !!!
How many of the wives did he hit on?

Thanks for your service, time and dedication to this Great Nation. #MAGA
We finally have a beautiful FLOTUS.
Classy

Such a great looking group! #MAGA
Only the white ones? #trumpisaracist
Please make sure your husband does not start a catastrophic war for this world
Hallo Gattin,  wann übernehmen sie die macht?
Do you use birth control? Or, do you not "do it".
Too bad you aren't a military spouse. You coward husband had bone spurs. He still played sports but couldn't defend his country
"The calm before the storm".wow! How do you sleep next to that sloppy sack of inhumanity and greed? Is it the power or the money? #GoldDigga
As you stand beside those woman, your SEXIST MISOGYNIST @potus THREATENS LIFE of MILLIONS of WOMEN! SPEAK OUT!
Thank you all, including Melania!
Thank you for your support of our military. To you hateful libs: show some respect. This is not about race or birth control.
#oneluckyguy

The return of class with FLOTUS!

@FLOTUS Your doing an awesome job as #FirstLady The #American people appreciate your hard work in the @WhiteHouse ..God bless
 #MAGA #USA
Yes come one come all see how you can become @FLOTUS by fucking the right person,,,YOUR A JOKE LADY LIKE YOUR HUBBY
It has proved that trump is a total racist why only whites
Hats off y2k th

Hats off to the women who stand by their husbands as they serve this great country
I can tell you have be emotional neglected..because youre trying to hard to get attention..well sweetie ..we don't want you either
there are NO Black Senior Military Leaders/wives?
Looks lanother use of WH entertaining funds. I'm sure the conversations on the drive home wwere far more interesting.
Didn't anyone else see this woman blink twice? #saveMelania #blinktwicegirl
Not defending Trumps but this is a pic of the husbands/wife. Back row, left is a black man. Don't know is rank.
Sounds like you are defending him.  Wow, 1 black man!   Wow!
Nope and I agree 1 is not enough. I saw a misunderstanding and offered clarity.
Yet not one of you has looked into qualifications I'm sure. As long as the Person isn't white then he is good for the job. Disgusting
Why is it disgusting?  Do you know all applicants? All that were told they didn't qualify?
It's disgusting  that you are right up  off the top deciding the color of their skin matters at all
Yes I heard their was a ms in the family and I'm here to marry her.
Love you Melaniaypur sych a Great role model
U and ur husband should vacate the White House
talk to your husband about gun control. we need it. maybe someday they will come after congress.
Yep, beautiful after all the facial reconstructions.
Go away store bought chick
I’m proud of you! You are glamorous and beautiful! And care for America!
why are all white people.??  Hate that
Forgot to unfollow this account in January lol byeeeeee
Does Trumpy thank you nightly for your service?
Good job!!!!
Okay Melania the most beautiful, admiration.
So why does the opinion of a foreign escort matter?
Now that's how you wear a pantsuit.
Thank you, Melania for being a great First Lady!

Did you explain to them how your husband will take away their healthcare and birth control in return for their sacrifice?
What a pity, Miss Kelly Conway was missing! With your permission, may I put a question: where has she being ??
Outstanding military achievements through selfless commitment by the staff and experts in the service. Still has the highest regards by all.
Classy, intelligent ladies
and a gentleman
The most disgusting excuse of a first lady in the history of first ladies. Does nothing but stand around & speak incoherently on occasion.
 @FLOTUS
Very nice Melania
Mrs. Trump, you are the most lovely and gracious First Lady this country has ever had!  God bless you


Notice how they are all white
Racist much?
I just have to agree with all you selfrighteous prunes,I mean women tht the lovely @FLOTUS is sch aclassy woman. Her accomplismnts r biggly!
Love Our First Lady!
Very Proud of you Melaniia!  Our First true Lady!  God Bless you and your Husband! We are so Proud of yalls dedcation!! God Bless You both!!
Thanks for your service...but my hubbys gonna block you on twitter bc he actually hates you #MuellerIsComing
We support you @FLOTUS
Yes, thank you so much for your service!! 
Aren't YOU scared about the #calmbeforethestorm???
God bless you Melania. We love you!
How wonderful
You have worked very 
hard this week FLOTUS 
and much of it very
emotional
I hope you can rest
Thank you
 @WhiteHouse
Class
Trump dodged military service 5 times incl saying his feet hurt after being capt of lacrosse team. You disrespect those wives by being there

Beth smith is angry female
The American Dream that men die for ! Yet the Bible says "the love of money is the root of all evil". Therefore America is lost in EVILNESS.
Curious: was the welcoming part where ur hubbie eluded to an impending war/storm? Or where he said "you'll find out" and walked off? @POTUS
I agree. @POTUS should tell everyone our military plans and secrets. We should also  demand nuke launch codes and names/pics of all CIA ops.
GM FLOTUS,
I wonder if any Enlisted men spouses invited to WH?
#MAGA
Did you invite them to break the news in person that their women's health will no longer be a required coverage? Smh
