
You can't be serious about this. "Drug take-back" isn't going to help. You need to fund psych care, prevent painful withdrawal. (Neurontin)
@FLOTUS What evidence based non opiate effective pain relief options/medications do you have to replace Opiates with?
Have you ever heard of Kratom? I believe this herb could help with opiate withdrawals 100%.
Kratom works. But after 14 days of routine taking, people say they are addicted to it...
Easy to taper off if you get addicted. My only point is it helps you get off harder stuff. Kratom withdrawals go away after 2-3 days.
not so easy for some. Specially in rehab setting it's turning and being more difficult to taper & longer than the med they went in for
Melania, eu vejo você muito feliz quando rodeada de crianças.
It’s not a disease, it is people in emotional pain who are ignorant or cowards. Confront your abusers and you won’t want drugs anymore.
...take responsibility for your wrong doings and make them right. Ask Jesus to help you. The TRUTH will set you free. Not pain killers.
But there should be concerns about psychiatric drugs pushed by psychiatrists at enormous levels if patients cannot metabolise them
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
Hello
Be brave and confront your abusers. It’s the only true pain killer.
Mrs Trump, U R part of UR husband's evil & U deserve jail !
佛教认为，畜生人渣和伤天害理的做法， 将导致灾难(很大可能死你)你全家的因果报应。(是自然规律，不是人为暴力)。
hello? Why would anyone addicted to opiates get rid of them? That's sort of the thing about addiction, you take drugs, you don't return them
You are right. But parents can turn in their meds so that kids don’t find them in their medicine cabinet.
Breaks my heart I need my pain meds.focus on meth labs and crack houses not what our doctors prescribe us!
Just my thoughts..not every1 that takes pain meds has opine problem i have 13yrold son,work part time,have2cars pay rent,part time student
http://usa.news-store.com/hp-laptops-found-to-have-hidden-keylogger/ …
Many #disabled #DisableVets use #Opioids responsibly to bear the pain they live with daily being profiled discriminated humiliated
Melania keep pushing! THIS is the ONE point that of the DEM's I am TOTALLY on board with.They, and YOU are on the correct side of this issue!! Keep fighting for us!! MAGA 
Make sure Trump doesn’t take too much Valium, I know he’s stressed because of #TrumpRussiaCollusion
I love reading the evil liberals lame immature comments daily. Proves over and over again why they lost! #Godisincontrol

He needs medication asap.  You're marginalized by him cause he and his family think less of you because you're an immigrant.. Speak up!! 
Tell @POTUS to keep his word on #vaccinesafety #rfkcommission #vaxxed Severe autism is a horrible existence.
Bc of this anti vaccine movement we now see childhood diseases reappearing in our country. Frustrating bc its all unfounded
Vaccines are failing. Mumps outbreak at Harvard in fully vaxxed. Vac manufacturers enjoy liability protection no incentive to safe/effective
The vaccine companies are simply safe from parents who try to say a vaccine harmed their child... thats it... so check ur facts
You can argue and spin it how you want. But we live in such a litigious society that what would be the incentive to develop ANY vaccines??
You're delusional. We have a generation of vaccine injured kids and you blame the victim. Unreal. Roll up ur sleeve & get as many as u like.
I don't recall ever blaming any victim... i clearly said there are risks with vaccines but greater risks from disease. Live vaccine r worse
Is the First Lady looking for a pick-me-up?
Melania, I know you’re trying your best... but.. now is the time just to sit back and watch the show.
What??? If she did that she would be persecuted beyond a shadow of a doubt. She is FLOTUS. She has to use her platform. Shhhh
Come handcuff day, the diversions will be less affective than they are today  have a great day !
Very limited sites. Poor planning @DEA
When in doubt, take them to your local police station.... it may not be a perfect system, but its been a system for 6 yrs now
What prescriptions? I can't get medicine I need because of the idiot You're shacking up with in the White House.
Nice try. That one is on Obama's shoulders. Im in the same boat as you.
There no such day
How does it feel to be married to someone who brags about sexual assault and violates most human rights?
How does it feel to be married to a man charged with raping a 13 yr old child?
Google it. It'll come right up State of NY charged him. Charges were dropped just prior to court date because victim had her life threatened
Today would be a great day to take our country back.
You have a majority in all three branches of govt. what more do you want. Lol. Too bad Gop can't govern. Potus is incompetent.
Nope, sorry that you misinterpreted my tweet. #DemForLife  #Resistance
Sorry Garey. Cheers!
Apology is indeed accepted. We're in this together. Have a great day !
Melania Trump you're a day late and a dollar short. This is a good approach but not enough.
Like in its been tried before. Remember Nancy Regan and Just Say No. it didn't work. Education hasn't worked. Been tried. Same old same old
Old scrips aren't the problem and opioid addiction is not restricted to low life's, as you put it. Clearly you do not understand the problem
What's sad is that there are patients that sell their opioid medication to other people. It's an addiction that has been around for many yrs
Liberals are too thick skulled to understand this concept bc its called "the truth"
I can't wait until this "special counsel" is over and then maybe you can stop showing your ignorance. Doubt it, but maybe
Hello
You need some anti depressants? Or anti-psychotics?
You'll have to pry my drugs from my cold dead hands as long as Agent Orange is in charge.
This is great what you're doing
Just a few Ali's of North Korea, are Cuba, Iran, Russia, etc. Correct me if I'm wrong.
Please, help to repeal The National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act (NCVIA) #MAGA
Please, please, talk to family members. We are trying to help their children through them. Enabling is a huge topic.
what happened to your stop bullying program . U can use you husband as a example of things not to say or do.
Thank you for addressing this critical medical problem killing so many. Especially our young people.
My First Lady Melania Trump The Tọp The First Lady in USA
Hi
I bet you are on a bunch to stay married to that dude.
WHAT?! How bout,.. "send a traitorous president to jail" day. Now THAT is something to celebrate! & nix the boilerplate texts Mel
Kinh Thua Melania Trump De Nhát Phu Nhan 
La Mot Tuyet Sạc Giai Nhan
Thank you
Does Donald go down?

Thought in light of todays news this would be very fitting. 
This is amazing. 
#MuellerTime   #Comeyday 
Postop girl did not even get her Prescription as #ICEagents snatches her away from doctors.
#ICEagents recev commission per arrest. Goes for easy targets, even postoperative kids. http://nyp.st/2i6j1jg  via @nypost @POTUS @DHSgov
get out while you can!
There is emergency advice from former Japanese ambassador Naoto Amaki to President Trump.
https://youtu.be/o1LSVni9UgI 
amakinaoto0719@gmail.com
Shame you couldn't  look like  this  in the  eyes of  PEOPLE  seeing you  looking  like  that
Do you have a good divorce attorney?
Wish Pres cared about drug co who make money to keep opiod crisis going but he keeps them in biz making sure DEA hands are tied.
How about we also have National Gun Take Back day?
U know if u left him now you'd probably land your own show, book deals + a wealthier, ethical better looking hubby. #hesgross
This is how much more the company that makes Vicodin spent in 1 yr on campaign contributions. Washington doesn't want to ban it! U have to
Here honey, fixed it for ya...


Why??? So they can give used outdated prescription drugs to poor people who can't afford new meds??? Can't trust Big Pharma!!!
