Michelle vs garbage @realDonaldTrump @Acevsthem @Robert_Blair @VP

Trump is a serial rapist @Acevsthem @Robert_Blair #Moron @VP @adamcbest @EdKrassen @Robert_Blair take him down Mueller

At least she never rape anyone



@DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump @EdKrassen @VP @Acevsthem @Robert_Blair @adamcbest

ReAl news

As much evidence they have on Hillary, and absolutely none on Trump, then don't you think the puppet should be Hillary? You'r decieved.
This the puppet of the the USA and putin is,
His master
Okay!! Prove it!! If he is, then prove your case!!
This super hero going to prove it
 all your curiosity will defenatly kill the cat. As of now, Hillary is in deep shit. The lefts theory is only a myth!! I love it! 
He is in deep Shit
Yea, okay. Have fun believing that
Did Trump Marry a prostitute
What's with him saluting? He was never in the military. That seems strange
Thanks for your intelligent contribution to the conversation
Where was your bone spur
Awesome! Thank you for showing us there is more to Hawaii than beaches. So proud of our Potus and his bride!
You married with a bad man
Liberals all they can do is hate,that was very moving and we are proud of you and the president, if they had any decency they would help you honor those heroes
Best 

First Lady 

Ever 

#MAGA #FLOTUSinAsia
What kind of drugs are u on? She is his 3rd wife and entered the country illegally. Michele Obama was by FAR best and most beautiful Flotus
Melania est beaucoup plus belle que Michelle Obama et loin d'être une imbécile elle est polyglotte espèce de taré.
False
Worst president EVER


Love that.
I've been there. Heartbreaking.
Beautiful photos!
@realDonaldTrump did he grab you by the PUSSY!!!
Two adults your ages with all that money and you never bothered to go there before now?  No sense of history.  No interest in learning.
History will tell you that YOUR President IS Trump, whether you want to admit it or not.
Thank baby Jesus we’re smart enough to learn from history and this mistake will never repeat.
#FLOTUS Thank you so much for sacrificing so much of your lives to bring us back to the America we once were.
Malania, You are absolutely the classiest and most beautiful first lady we've ever had. Thank you for representing us so well throughout the world. 
Tell Barron hi for us
Michael is
Thank you First Lady!  You make us proud.  @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
How?

Dunyada açliktan yada sizin katil askerleriniz tarafindan oldurulen ve yuvasi dagitilan insanlarin sizin gibi yasamaya hakki yokmu ?  Sizin icin yasasin cehennem
Not the time or place for you one romantic shot.
Love you First Lady Melania! Have a wonderfulsafe trip! 
THANK YOU, @FLOTUS! Your compassion and love for our country touches our hearts. We send our love and prayers for a WONDERFUL TRIP! #MAGA
@realDonaldTrump @VP @EdKrassen
It's Mueller TIME  Russian collusion
Let's be clear, its #Conspiracy
Is collusion the moral and ethical offense while conspiracy the criminal crime? 
I am asking for someone as "most people don't know".
Collusion
Egh do you actually have sex with that monster . Feel sick for you
We Hope you all will live together


Thank you for your concern and patriotism!!
Send bobs and vagene
I wonder how many people are aware that flotus office staff compose theses tweets, not melania.
So you think Hillary Clinton actually wrote a bookWOW!!
Your tweet is unrelated to mine & Twitter.
Do you doubt that the tweets of FLOTUS represent the sentiments of Melania?
No one can truly know what she feels. My take is that she isn't even aware of ½ the things the office of flotus staff tweet.
Is there a tweet in particular that you doubt ?
All of them are composed by staff.
How come your husband dodged the draft, insults former POWs and gold star families?  His appreciation for the military is lip service.
You are a gracious beautifully First Lady who makes me proud!  Safe travels and successful trip
How much did you charge  to let him hold your hand? Discount cuz tiny hands?
Be a GREAT spread in @hustler @Playboy magazine watching you being FUCKED in the ASS by the @POTUS. SMARTEN UP GOLD DIGGER! I pray for BARON
Gross
THIS. THE. REAL TRUMP PLEASE.  BE
Хочется чаще видеть вас,держащихся за руку.
Очень приятная картина!
Yeah, moving alrught,from one place to another. You want moving? Move to russia
BIG SHOW....Holding the pussy grabber's hand---FAKE!
Zoom close.. is she holding his hand  though ??

Trump threatens our Constitution, our freedoms, and our lives. It’s time to begin impeachment proceedings. Join us. https://www.needtoimpeach.com  
Simply beautiful thank you for sharing these photos with us 

Melania, “Americas first lady”, is a true American treasure! We could not be more proud of this beautiful, articulate and caring woman who leads us (and others around the world) with Grace, Compassion and Conviction!
Please mention the sinking of the USS Indianapolis close to the end of World War II. of the 1,196 crewmen  only 300 survived
Wishing #PearlHarbor
真珠湾攻撃は911に似ている
国防総省は情報をつかんでいなかったのか？
ありのままを公表してよいよ
Yes, and we sincerely thank you and our great president!
Thankyou, I have been to that memorial and you can feel the spirits
Thank you for representing the United States of America. We love and appreciate you @FLOTUS 
We?  Speak for yourself!
WE agree with Jali!

How sad you have a problem with the United States
No, just with the Man-Child who is running it.
We love you so much Melania!! 
We??? Speak for yourself, honey!
thank you for sharing such beautiful pictures of you
Why did President Trump tell a Gold Star widow, "That's what your husband signed up for?"
If you are going to post, at least be honest!  He said in lieu of knowing the dangers, he signed up anyway which is a huge compliment!
What a classy President & First Lady we have now after the last disaster!! MAGA
We? Speak for yourself only! I’ve never been more ashamed of a fraud president and his tramp wife! These two are a friggin joke!
Hush little snowflake don't you cry, Trumps gonna sing you a lullaby.....MAGA

I hope one day you may feel the overwhelming joy I feel everyday knowing that Donald J Trump is President. MAGA

APOLOGIZE.  FOR. THIS. NEW. 2. TWITTER. &.  HIT. WRONG. BUTTON.  APOLOGIZE.  AGAIN.    THIS. WAS. MEANT. FOR. ANTIFA
WOW. NICE
How do you feel about being cuckholded Melania?
Something or someone keeps undoing my retweets and my likes on the first ladies Twitter account and the presidents and all things Trump I don't know who or what's doing it but I wish it would stop it's a really disturbing frustrating I will keep retweeting and liking regardless
The pic on the boat kills me...
God Bless you and President Trump! 

I just love you Melania. You make me so proud! Thank you! May God bless and keep you and your entire family! I pray daily for you! 
I wonder how many people are aware that flotus office staff compose theses tweets, not melania.
These are beautiful words. Alas, w/every tweet, your husband betrays the memory of men/women who serve/d in defense of our country.
Not melania's tweets. The office of the flotus provide all these tweets.
Still kind words. Still her husband who is desecrating the memories.
So many think they are from her & give her credit. It's telling to me that she can't be bothered to include any tweets of her own.
We have the most beautiful, graceful & intelligent @FLOTUS in history of our nation! Has a big heart & is a great role model 4 all of us
You both make my heart swell with pride to be an American.  God bless you both and thank you for saving the greatest country on earth. 
Why would you be proud of Melanie when she is married to the most disgusting man on earth and yet she stays with him. Why???
No wonder you have cats!  Ha ha ha!!!
And a gorgeous Dane. What's your point ? You hate animals too ? Sad.
Dane like the dog?  A Great Dane?  I have 2 dogs and a cat. This still has nothing to do with the article!!
We couldn't be prouder of our First Lady!!
I wonder how many people are aware that flotus office staff compose theses tweets, not melania.
So?
So what does it tell u that she can't be bothered 2 author the odd tweet of her own now & again? Gives me an indication of what she's about.

that's horrible and obama was born in kenya.

The only reason that Bozo Bunga was in office was because of race now that he is back in Kenya our great president can fix everything

I must admit this freaking loser has led me down that path but with God's help and president Trump we all would get over this

Again a loser all of this is pure dirty cash this guy didn't know anything they don't teach law in Kenya
TY, MT. Ignore the haters.

Anyone who visits the AZ Memorial and is not moved has no heart.

The hate you carry must be eating you alive.
No THE hate the PRESIDENT carry is strong
The things on the Trump part of this are untrue.
Why is Trump standing there saluting he never served in the military you suck sad sick not my president
Wow.
You two look so caring for each other. Thanks for sharing this moment with us 
@FLOTUS you make so many of us so proud - I would have just said “us” but, if I did, someone would crucify me with twitter hate
I can agree with you which makes it "us" then.  :) We love this family.
Very moving....he was presidential and she is lovely and gracious first lady
O akilli esine soyle kepsiz selam verilmez )))
#MoronInChief  and immigrant in chief @FLOTUS  SUGARDADDY JACKPOT
I love these pictures. Thank you, FLOTUS.
Amen †
Shame your draft dodging husband had bone spurs!

Trump boasts of 'military life' — despite never serving | MSNBC

Your husband never served. But he did accuse Hawaii's most famous and beloved son of being Kenyan. You must be so proud of him.
Beautiful 
Amen 
Final resting place for our ship mates.  Thank you for your visit and please remember us every so often.
So nice to have a REAL @FLOTUS  in the White house that loves and cares for the people they serve and lead, thank you both!!! #MAGA
@FLOTUS & @POTUS I'm so very moved by you true patriotism! Rock on yous two! #MAGA

Trump threatens our Constitution, our freedoms, and our lives. It’s time to begin impeachment proceedings. Join us. https://www.needtoimpeach.com  
Amen
How are Donnie's feet?
Rest in Peace warriors. We will never forget. We love you till the end of time.
GOD bless you and president.
We visited the memorial it was sad but we got to visit with veterans who were there during the attack. It was so moving.

Thank you for visiting.
The problem is that FDR deliberately provoked that attack. Instead of "Remember Pearl Harbor!" we should say: Remember that scumbag FDR.
That's an odd way to hold hands. Are you only holding his thumb, under duress?
Shut up
It is very somber and humbling to visit.  It will be with you forever!
See, The fruit of the Spirit is Love,Joy,Peace,Patience,Kind,Good,Faith,
Gentle,Self-control; against such things there is no law~Gal5:22-23
Great President.
It is an honorable and respectful place
Your husband should bring along a real war hero like John McCain anytime time the army is brought up. Not a draft dodger like ur husband
Remember the @GOP outrage when Michelle Obama wore a sleeveless dress? Where is their outrage now?
Go away
My grandmother's cousin was killed on that day. Thank you for honoring those who served and died.
It's not FLOTUS, it's FLOP... First Lady Of Porn. #WhiteHouseHoe
Says the illegal immigrant married to the 5 time draft dodger.
Unlike your cowardly husband. #prezbonespurs
Mr. & Mrs. DEFERMENT(S)!
Saw you two when it happened, we stood in that very spot!
GO MELANIA BRESIL I LOVE YOU!
It is so refreshing to see the President acting like a total gentleman! The Admir. Turned and left leaving his wife and the President, The
YOU KISS HIM ON THE MOUTH, MELANIA, DO YOU KNOW WHERE IT’S BEEN. YUK! HOW MUCH DID HE GIVE U TO DO IT?
I this pic
Praying for you both everyday!
We love you, #FLOTUS LET'S CONTINUE TO #MAGA 
When are you going to pose nude again? So classy
No one can google the images of our nude First Lady? #Ca-Razy
Beautiful pictures!  Thank you for sharing!   You are doing a fantastic job!    #Blessings
Why do I get the feeling that u have no clue about the Arizona?How much did he pay u to hold his hand?
I know English isn’t your first language but I’d love to hear you talk more!
All those names...
Welcome to Africa madam first lady
Are you at fucking prom?
Very sweet. Thank you!

We love having a real first lady and not a guy dressed like one and a fraud for a president. You are a refreshing change U and Donald.
Beautiful pictures. Thank you.
very sweet photo of the pair of you..remember always, you are a team <3
Amen
Safe travels. God speed to our President when meeting with leaders.
Thank you for honoring all who served during Pearl HarborFirst Kady Melania 
Why don't you do some justice for the Dead make those who knew that the attack was coming pay make them pay now arrest them
God Bless @USS Arizona, FLOTUS & POTUS
President then puts his hands on Melaina's back then he did the same thing with the Admir. wife he then escorted both out the door with him
Beautiful moments!!
@FLOTUS , you need to smile more often. PLEASE!
God bless you all in your trip. Millions are praying for you
Beautiful photos.
Melania 
Nice Great.
It is so very nice to have a loving, respectful couple in the White House. God bless & keep you safe.
Such sacred memorial.  YOU  FLOTUS!
Are you holding the hand that grabs pussies?
Beautiful I tire of the first family
Who wrote this certainly not the wench in the wh
He's only benefiting himself and his rich friends
Thank you for sharing...
That dress is amazing...it just flows gracefully..the color!
 Praying for you always Melania 

Love these pictures!
Enjoying your trip to Kenya?
Thank you Melania.  Love you 
Thanks Melania. This is one of the highlight's of your Asia trip. God bless!
THANK YOU
How are your husbands’ bone spurs doing ? 
Are they beginning to flare up the closer you get to Vietnam?
Youre a fraud.
Do you need professional Psd To Bootstrap Responsive Designer? If that please feel free contact:
But he ISSSSSS.
Don't let hubby start a war.
BEST FIRST LADY WE HAVE EVER HAD. MAGA
Please lose your phone and shut up.   Hypocrite.  Your cause cyber bullying is laughable   The buffoon you sleep with invented it
rest in peace
Brilliant you two! Thank You  4 representing USA .
Thank you...
Very Touching!
Poor Melania. We feel for you!
Proud of our President and First Lady
Nice
You have much better tweet writers than the bag of money you married.
What is Trump attempting to do? Is that supposed to be a salute?  If it is, why isn't Melania saluting too?
