
Yet, Melania is still more successful and kind. How many languages does she speak? And what language does Michelle speak.... Oh yeah, 'HATE'
Speaking languages doesn't make you smart, esp when most of the languages are related. Nothing smart about Melania except her gold digging
How many languages do you speak? If Melania is so stupid, what does that make you?
A 5 years old kid can speak 4 n more languages. He can't go To Harvard with that.
Again, how many languages do you speak?
FOUR? That's it? Go learn at least three more.
You want me teaching you? You speak the only one language you heard
Yes I agree with you
The most stunning first lady ever. Class all the way
Thanks for supporting our troops and their families!
Melania, our Beautiful First Lady. You are the Best. God bless you and your family.
Thank you @FLOTUS  you!
My father was unable to complete basic training in the USAF due to medical reasons. He grew up on Coney Island retired in Kissimmee.  #USAF
He intended to serve this beautiful country 1959 and he had severe problems with his feet blowing up.  He learned so much from great men.
Way better than Michelle!
Melania is a porn star
All these 2017 tweets of @FLOTUS got me! Thought it was strange so many of them. Like her so much Just didn't look at dates!!!!!!!!
Thank you from a previous Navy wife and Mom who had younger children when my husband was gone atleast 20 months out of 4 years of service any support helps :-)
I'm having to retweet Andre like everything I have already retweeted and liked on the first ladies Twitter account over and over again I don't know who or what is doing this but it's very frustrating and I don't know why it's happening to me
I.....we are very proud of you.
Thank you @FLOTUS for loving . We love and appreciate you!!! 
Beautiful human being and successful businesswoman.
Unforgotten the Air Bridge to Berlin so many years ago!! Still thanks to USAF and the georgious FLOTUS.
Lap dances for all?

Gag
RT to Save Lives
Such a touching message from a nudie model that married for money.

Such a classy, holy nudie model. Bless her.
Go to your own country. 
Excellent touching video! <3
#SupportKurdistan
Be kind..
Are you talking about Obama or Hillary?
Waooooooo so nice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L246JbplYI8 …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_78iKJoYrQ …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KQZsfFPB94 …
If you truly cared you would see donny resigns b 4 he starts a war. Stand up to donny 4 u know donny is unfit for president.
Come to my school

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyYi8pbviy0 …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4n4LdyGkSk …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xJ-kcfy6TE …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWHtfQO9M_U …
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KQZsfFPB94 …
Happy Birthday USAF
So moving, beautiful, and inspiring. God bless you @FLOTUS
We love the FLOTUS!
Keep doing what ur doing with these children. I can tell this is where ur heart is & it's needed. My great admiration 4 u just increases
Yeah, and we need help protecting Americans against your ignorant husband.#MyPerceptionMyReality
God Bless our First Lady and God Bless the US Air Force.
You make me proud to have you as the First Lady of our great country Mrs. Trump keep up the great work and thank you.
It is really nice to see first lady out and making a mark for herself, continuing great works of many first ladies before her
Pink love
YOU HAVE SOFTEST VOICE, LOVING AND CARING HEART.  KEEP UP ALL THE WONDERFUL THINGS YOU DO FOR OUR COUNTRY ..GOD BLESS YOU
I am an Air Force veteran, your words are empty
Empty? But Obama's were full? Hmmm, such hypocrisy.
Look up Trump'rs military record and include him in your thank you...OH I FORGOT he was a dogger, educated by his dad in white supremacists
Thank you Mrs First LadyGod Bless us allAmen
Pure class.
Your elegance, sincerity and caring voice are emblematic of your character.  Thank you Melania Trump!
Is he holding you hostage? Blink twice for yes
Nice trollishley freaky and fake profile ya got there....
Heartwarming
I feel you should not talk to our military.  Your husband has it in his head to kill most of them with his remarks to N. Korea and others!
 I hope you're joking cuz that was  HillLIARiariously ludicrous.
She always stands tall and never apologizes for America.
its an honour that you the first lady paying tribute to all those whom defend a great nation.WELL DONE ,KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
Thank you Mrs Trump! You are a wonderful First Lady!!
I am greatful you are our first Lady you show to all kids love and respect that's what they need to learn .
@IvankaTrump  Ivanka, your father is a dotard and coward who lied to avoid serving in the military. I bet you're so proud of him.


Melania you continue to be an admirable first lady thank you for your love of America and appreciation for our troops
https://twitter.com/raisingcash/status/874375722642657281 …
Mrs Trump gets it as a Mother. It is a honor to serve, and the US obligation to take care of our Vets.
Wow
It was a beautiful experience to listen to our FLOTUS speak to the Air Force families. (Melania's voice is so calming.) Wonderful message.
Who knows the lives you touch today may become the future of professionals tomorrow.
Which one of Trumps kids was military, ?
We Salute You build more planes and missiles
Wow!!! Mrs First Lady, what a beautiful video. Thank you for being our FLOTUS.your beauty, kindness, and even more, your pride in our USA .
A gift from Melania
She is the most eloquent First Lady and her words comes from her heart! She feels very warm, sincere and genuine in her speaking.
LOVE OUR BEAUTIFUL, ELEGANT, CLASSY, FLOTUSTHE BEST FLOTUS EVER &EVERI' M SO PROUD & SO HAPPY & SO USA
Awe, she is fantastic! !
Thankyou for your desire to work with children. I know you will always do your very best in whatever you do.
merci pour les souhaits
GO TO THE POOR NEIGHBORHOOD CHILDREN THOSE ARE REALLY IN NEED.. THAT WILL MAKE YOU A LITTLE MORE PROUD OF YOUR JOB...

nice

Hillary Clinton Considers Destroying Trump By Challenging The Legitimacy Of The 2016 Election via @politicususa http://www.politicususa.com/2017/09/18/hillary-clinton-considers-destroying-trump-challenging-legitimacy-2016-election.html …
#StartwithYourBullyHusband #hypocrite

Melania Trump's anti-bullying speech did not go down well http://huffp.st/6TYtMNK  
I see you there & you are an inspiration, I'm trying real hard to be the good guy, but this world is a mess...Antichrist.
I feel like you would make a better president
I think you have a bigger heart than your husband.  You are a wonderful FLOTUS.
Thank you for caring especially for our children and their families her serve our great country
Melanie trump very nice speech very nice air force marines army you all are my heroes THANK YOU
Good job
There are occasion day of happy birthday to you
Go back to being photoed, you can't teach us anything new, not that we don't like you it's just....only we am women can teach you otherwise?
Happy birthday
You don't care about the Air Force,  all you care about is the money you spend on the clothes you wear and the  Bully you're married to!
Especially to the serving members your husband is trying to get thrown out via illegal sex http://discrimination.you  need to look at yourself
Thank you for all your tireless hard work!
You are a very wonderful person and you deserve to be the first lady I am interested in you

Melania, we like you better in those naked photos!
I like Flotus....but dang woman get a voice OMG....What do U stand for or believe?
The US airforce is killing us with chemtrailing and Geoengineering. Please stop this madness
Thank you  Mrs Trump. Very kind. When I first started we were not very appreciated.
As a disabled Air Force Veteran I appreciate your words but I ask for those still serving, please, stop letting your husband speak in public
The best way to end the world's WARS is for people to stop signing up to die.
Thank-you Melania!
#GrahamCassidy cuts #Medicaid. 1,750,000 veterans covered by Medicaid. A vote for #GrahamCassidy is a vote to take healthcare from veterans.
Do u know how absurd u look speakin of bullyin when u r married 2 the biggest bully of them all! Yes u do n u do it all the same #hypocrisy
Trump hates Jews. Trump said his White Supremacist supporters &  friends were fine people. They are the ones who hate Jews & others.  RACIST

Now she's taking over @MichelleObama First Lady focus?  These two don't have an original idea between them.
Your "husband" is a nazi sympathizer and a traitor. Sad!
Your UN speech about setting example to kids was great.so why do you turn blind eye to name calling,bullying and misogyny from your husband?
the hypocrisy of the right wing never ceases to amaze me
#ShutUpMelania
As an 80 year old USAF vet, I thank you!!  Even though I wasn't a "hero" ;-)
you are so beautyful.
Fun puzzle game 
ANDROİD : https://goo.gl/F1do24  

İOS : https://goo.gl/Hm5Ru6 
Do you support continuing @JoiningForces?
Thank u... And watch my loser husband hurt the same Veterans. To hell with yous!!
Except for the transgender ones right?
Show us @Flotus
Excellent sentiment! Go USAF!

weren't you pushed out of the way and told to sit down by the orange bully?   DISGUSTING
Awesome speech.U should reach out to people more.your views very much needed & wanted.thank you very much.remember you R the better half
On your UN speech,  the biggest bully on the planet is your 71 year old child Donny. START WITH HIM!!
Thank you

Greetings 
Good Morning from Florida!
Smiles,
Carlie Bass Gintoli- Ms Florida State America
Does your husband always push you around like that in public and private? Lady your husband is and abuser, and bully.

READ
https://mobile.twitter.com/jimmykimmel/status/910327697091391489 …
https://youtu.be/cOlibbx5sx0 
If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
THANK YOU!
A woman with great class.
Please save Burma poor Muslims life
I love your work and your character.
Such a beautiful and classy First Lady!
Doesn't it hurt you getting a handshake from your husband while he screws Ivanka?

Nauseating. Hypocrite and a farce. Vile.
Thank them by having your husband committed to a mental institution before he starts world war 3.
Thank you @FLOTUS!  You show love and compassion every day.  We appreciate you!  (and I love your shoes) LOL!
i want to be my country like this.
By the way. this movie si very good.
I feel peaceful in my mind when i look this movie.
Thank
Why did your husband shake your hand? Pretty obvious you can't stand #Trump Welcome to the club.
Love my First Lady!!
Amen
First Lady doesn't mean first mother.  Don't you ever meet with pple who can tell you to control your bully kid you are married to.
And now my husband is going to cut funding to your families....
God bless Melanin Trump, our military and the USA.
Hhhhh
Melania we can tell you love the babies
We love having you as our First Lady, thank you Melania!
God bless you FLOTUS, Melania Trump and God bless the Air Force! 
Thank you FLOTUS For your service and sacrifice.
You are an amazing First Lady, and you son Barron is a wonderful young man! Doing a great job with both!
First lady who is a good person and thanks for the good person like a Mrs Trump I you are so great job with the U.S. economy and we love you
Pure class.  No hatred in this lady's comments or soul.
