YES FLOTUS 

Beautiful
Class?? We’ve all seen photos of her naked for God’s sake!!!
I am from Europe our views of art are very different than what you are portraying it to be
Yes, that's what the people's house has become since it's currently occupied by a bunch of ghouls.  
No the ghouls left ..odummer and his she boon gorrila
Have you attended any Nazi or KKK meetings lately?
Awe bless it ..the typical snowflake reply ..did your mommy tell you that unicorns eat butterflies and shit rainbows too
No, is that how your mother talked to you?   Mine wouldn't have ever provided a child such a warped visual with a cuss word. My sympathies
Lol and that's your problem cupcake ..your were shielded from reality
Reality?  And you live in a world of unicorns?
Uh no ..but I was crying like a baby cause the person I wanted to win lost ..your dismissed now ..go find a corner to sit until your called
We are looking forward to celebrating next week, too. Are you packing your bags?
why the hate?
do you know something?
have you testified?
To answer your questions:
Because I'm a patriot who loves and holds dear the values on which our country was founded.
Yes.
No.
so if you're so patriotic, I'm sure you can explain why you are not in front of the Grand Jury charged with hearing testimony in the case
I don't understand. There are millions and millions of patriots in this country. Do you think they should all be in front of the grand jury?
ummm you are making a charge, I thought for sure you would have made yourself available to prosecutors, as I'm sure you would not lie about
But I despised Trump before these arrests! Grabbing women by the pussy, not paying taxes, going into to minor girls' locker rooms to ogle...
stating anything about grabbing a woman in that manner, yes, vulgar, disgusting
now do you wanna talk about the great increase stock market?
Actually that’s cool, continue.
You are indeed fabulous, Mrs Trump
Happy Halloween to the Trump's  
So nice to hear "real people" living in the White House. Real Americans thank you @FLOTUS
So much class in the White House
I miss an articulate, educated, strong, classy woman as our First Lady. 
Not one we’ve all seen naked and can’t understand. 
#GoldDigger
They are clearly both smart women so why hate on Melania?
Smart enough to marry for money. No original thought in her head. No way you can compare her to Michelle.
She does know 5 languages how many Michelle knows? She chose her carrier as model while Michelle chose law. Respect their choices.
6 languages 
Great decorating!
Love the colors Purple is my favorite and teal
Scarier thing is what (or who) is inside
Happy Indictment Day to us all!
Dreaming again huh snowflake ..the look you must have
Coming from the man who describes himself as "simple". Tell you what, Sparky. I'm making a note of your name. Everytime someone from Team tRump is indicted, I'm tagging you.
Still haven't heard from u yet ..lol
Oh! I forgot about you! You see, I have a job and more important things to do other than give attention to pathetic assholes. You run along and go back to beating off to @FLOTUS nudie pics
I was just reminding you ..a liberal with a job ..shocked ..yeh I know it's hard work waiting on your handout each month ..but anyways don't forget to repost my name every time a indictment is issued ..mueller is the great white hope for libturds
I LOVE THAT YOU LIVE OUR AMERICA!!!!!
I enjoyed a lovely evening with many great sex. Watch this funny sex..............https://goo.gl/JwsREZ 
Don't have to go far to see the devil.... protect your children

Asusta parece el tejido ,telas de araña
Hi Lady Melania! What will be your costume?? Here's mine. I will be Mother Russia. I'll design you one, OK?
We'll be celebrating when Trumps in jail.
Gotta love our new First Lady!!
Why?

Looks like the PR staff told to get a little more cuddly with the Bigly bully
Happy Halloween Trump family
. @FLOTUS 
entanglement (icon image)
The People’s House @WhiteHouse is ready to celebrate #Halloween2017 

Kids will love that. Thanks Mrs. Trump.
ha ha ha, cute, spider webs and stuff... Thanks for sharing, Melania. We love you and support you!
Speak for yourself, I don’t love her. I prefer the class, dignity, and intelligence of the former First Lady Michelle Obama. 
We will be celebrating soon when your husband is thrown in prison.
Your “husband” is President of The United States. That’s pretty fucking terrifying all on its own.
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
@Italians4Trump @WhiteHouse Pagan holiday?
Wow, y'all should have just let trump stand in the yard. I think that's enough decoration for Halloween.
God bless you my first Lady!
FAKE NEWS
FAKE NEWS CNN AND JFK FILES! 
@TheMrDawgMedia Are all Trump supporters this weird? 
Yes. It's a cult.
@sergiomiguen @WhiteHouse Bello Melanie Desr

https://www.thepoke.co.uk/2017/10/29/video-trumps-downfall-went-viral-just-beautifully-done/ …  I GUESS SHE WAS OUT POSING NAKED SOMEWHERE AND GOT AWAY
I guess that is what liberals think is right to do...Bully Others...but Heaven Forbid...you Bully them...then it would be a crime...but liberals don't seem to be on the same page as the rest of America...
“We are witnesses to the most ruthless attack on a president @POTUS & the people who voted for him. in US history."
Really and didn’t Trump try to delegitimize Obama ? The whole birther thing

#Mueller is coming, thank #GOD! Lord God, please have this #criminal #Trump arrested, in Jesus' name, #amen!
Protester tosses Russian flags at Pres. Trump as he arrives at Senate GOP luncheon, yelling "Trump is treason!" 
I pray for our past and present Presidents health and safety not his downfall odd prayer
I guess you would have prayed for Hilter & his henchmen as well back in the day.  #Cult45 #WakeUP and see the #evil
Thats silly trump isnt hitler or anything like him I prayed for obama like I pray for trump
Thank you for setting the record straight. You were awesome on the panel https://mobile.twitter.com/MyDaughtersArmy/status/924702075170193408/video/1 …
We love you Melania!!!! :)
Making FLOTUS Great Again 

Honey,  I think you have waaay more things to worry about, like where did u store your luggage!
And passport 
Here is my build for my daughters 5th graders haunted house for her school i built
Wow! Fantastic craftsmanship!
why would we celebrate a white house that is occupied by a REAL, albeit , monster 365 days a year?!?
Tacky is Halloween decorations geeze you people never let up
Love it! So great to see that we are now celebrating #Halloween
When did we stop celebrating Halloween?
Love it. Ignore the Libtards.
Yep you can just see the hate ..but deplorables shouldn't be so abrasive right ..
oh we just have to hold our breath until Monday. 1st arrests coming down in the Russia investigation! It's MUELLER TIME!
Remember, this is JUST THE BEGINNING! He was given power to investigate, any broken laws uncovered in this investigation 
Shuu..don’t warn them. Much more fun 2 watch #libtards #snowflakes squeal. Maybe we won’t have 2 wait til 11/8/17 2 c them scream at d sky.
Manafort. Gates. Papadopolos.  Just the beginning. Watch for squealing alright but not from Dems. Delicious.
It’s been Halloween in the White House since 1/20/17.
The truth hurts.
Thank you for taking such pride in our house. Proud of you and @realDonaldTrump
So proud and such a fun girl
Still proud. You're just jealous. I thought your side was OPPOSED to slut shaming....weird.
Why call her slut she’s fun
She's beautiful and you're jealous. It's sad, really. It doesn't offend me to see her nudes. It just shows how offended you are that WE WON.
This flotus is far more worthy to be jealous of.
But she should try wearing sleeves.
So Disgraceful
God bless the KGB/FSB and your father.
Yeah, no need for decor...with you and your husband in there, that place is a fucking nightmare already.
~Real classy~~~
Wait. The irony here is kind of amazing. Probably lost on you, but it’s great.
~Lost on you is the fact our country is coming back under President DJT than it ever was under former president BHO, deal with it~
ESL?  Give one example of how the “country is coming back under DJT”
Fright night
Isn't it a horror night every night at the WH #complicitmelania? Hope your ready to move back to NY!! #impeachment coming ...
Thank you for the incredible and impossible job you do everyday with exceptional class and style. God bless you and @POTUS
We've already seen this movie.
#AWESOMESpirit 
Trump & Co. !

Don't spread further hatred in Humanity
Please reading now
You and your husband administration should all wear these for Halloween... Might as well get used to your new attire..they even have 1 for u
Wow super please
So you really are a prisoner there, prevented from escaping by electrified webbing.
Oh since your an immigrant do you need that slang term interpreted?
So Is That What You Call this ? I call it Murder, I guess it goes along with your theme!
If this doesn't scare you, nothing will.
Loving the decor :D
I have an idea to cancel the penalty shootout and do not go back to the old drawing system, but resort to a third system of my innovation
we have been for 9mos scared shitless cause or ur pimp
With the Trump administration, we have Halloween 365 days a year with a White House that is occupied by witches, warlocks and zombies!
Mrs. Trump, I hope the decorations don't scare your husband too much LOL
Trust me lady. That house is scary enough with your fucked up family there.
With the first witch and the jack-hole lantern 
#Trump is the Ghost that the Grimm Reaper & Confederate, KKK, Neo Nazis, & Jim Crow Plantation Mentality Vomitted Out.
Is the Ogre in?
Enjoy your day
looks real a bunch of poison in there God Deliver Us from Evil
Next week is gonna be super scary for you guys. Get out of our house you TRAITOR.
. Happy Halloween, will be happiness and healthy every a year with Family.
Love u FLOTUS, u and Donald Trump bring class to our White House!  Love u both!!!!

The White House has been a scary place since 1/20/17 and will remain so until Americans clean house.
People should stop telling parents what their children can't ware for Halloween costume. Free country for all get over it
Spooky
 Great job 1st Lady Melania
... looks great
Don't you forget it, THE PEOPLE'S HOUSE. You criminals will be EVICTED SOON.
white house of horrors
the people's house in a web of lies
Way cool
Get @potus ready for this view.
We are truly blessed to have a beautiful, articulate, highly educated business woman & mother as 1st Lady thats fluent in 5 lang. God Bless!
Love the purple!  Have a safe and fun time with your son. 
Hi
Melania Trump
I would like to know that you are too greedy or not ?
Best Regards
Tuhin Islam 
SOUTH AFRICA
Be sure to celebrate mass the next day, Melania. November 1st is what the White House should be celebrating. Not Oct. 31st.

Will Margaret Hamilton aka KC....be there?
Sorry.  You knew what you were getting into when you signed up.  It’s still sad and I’m sorry you made a bad choice for the $$$ & Name. 
STOP this wasteful nonsense of glorifying a pagan satanic ritual please.
Thank God don't have panty twisted, super sensitive Dems in the house. Halloween is too sensitive a subject for them.

Yes we were tricked by your bullying husband. #FakePresident
Melania as MUCH as we U #Halloween is NOT a day Christians celebrate! EVIL Celebration IS a Holiday as CHRISTMAS? SAD we make Evil=2CHRIST
Knot too shabby  You have been my friend," replied Charlotte, "That in itself is a tremendous thing.
_ Charlotte's Web
Melania - I saw Trump on Tv- he’s so orange- he’s like the great pumpkin (oh sorry I meant bumpkin)
I love you Melania - you are a wonderful First Lady!  Happy Halloween 
How much did this cost? Another $1.75 million?
Not including the cost of your stay at Trump properties?
Take your son and run!
@POTUS It can no longer be 'The People's House' since Donald took office. His changes are obviously NOT for the people!
So glad you have amazing, true and classy First Ladies to steal from and plagiarize! Otherwise we'd be stuck with cheesy porn lines.
Who cares?!? Get a muzzle on that rabid BULLYING husband of yours. Until you do that, your anti-bully campaign means NOTHING!
So proud you are FLOTUS! Love what you are doing at the white house
NICE, enjoy it.
Are you wearing your porn costume?
Isn't that every night with U& Ur husband
Please don't show the children nude photos of yourself.
You can do it ! Just open that Windows and run and don't look back !!
Nearly 1,000 people have died in Puerto Rico since you’ve been there.

And she can t speak 5 languages anotger lie she just as bad a tge fking moron ruining our country! Get the hell out of the WH.
Get the crazy old man out of that WH...before its to late!

Dear @FLOTUS Melania Trump, Thank you for aknowledging the WH is the People's House! I do hope/pray you remain a tenant until 2025!
And the 1st witch & the devils advocate are in the House!
Which people Mel? INVESTIGATE TARGETED INDIVIDUALS AND ORGANIZED GANG STALKERS

Bwaaaa!!!!!
yeah yeah yeah, you can pretend to be an American for Halloween
It's already Halloween, your husband is the monster dressed in orange.  He's done a fabulous job playing dress up with the KKK.
Fail
Did the cobwebs come from Donald’s brain? Hey
wish you were the President
Very cool

Your doing a good job First Lady from a non Republican.
Maybe your husband can dress in a couture orange prison outfit, in anticipation of the one he is going to wear very soon.
Live it. So glad to have some one in the white house keeping up with out traditions
Very cool you guys decorated the WH for Halloween
You're right!   We are ready to celebrate!
That thing where your husband is a sexual predator but you need the money
I CANT WAIT TILL THE TRUMPS ARE IMPEACHMENT AND PUT IN JAIL THEY WILL BE CRYING THEN WHILE THEIR SILENT NOW @FLOTUS I FEEL BAD FOR YOU NOT
Looks great.
You are a really good first lady I just want to say that it’s that simple
Ready to celebrate the whole clown town going down? Me too!
Stop hating on @FLOTUS 
#donthatetheplayerhatethegame
Ah the web of lies is coming along nicely I see.
Maybe you can go as a stripper for halloween...you wont have to shop for a costume.
No decorations were required.  This Addams Family style nightmare is terrifying.

BRAVO!!! FLOTUS BEST I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!I made me smile,  thank you. Rock on!!
Are you hiring a cleaning crew? I heard Mueller can clean messes up pretty quickly
Awesome!!
Who in their right mind would vote 4 trump who scammed college students.He probably did get help from the Russians!

Booooo! Bravo!
You mean your stunt double is ready
The White House is already decorated for Halloween, ever since Jan 2017
Are you going to go back to your tricks when your fake husband is impeached?
Celebrating the scariest place on earth?Can U tell us where the scariest  in the world will B?American HORROR story 10th month 2 begin now
Mrs. Trump, I read a little further in here and am disappointed w/the lack of respect for u as FLOTUS.  These are the bad beans I toss out.
I hope Barron and the Grand Kids have a fun Halloween at the White House
I hope the media creates a showing, I would love to see it, too far away:(
YOU and the great pumpkin are as ghoulish as it gets.
Which people? Certainly not ordinary everyday Americans. How many of them will be invited for Halloween?
Love
Mrs Trump, please undersand, this is a high holy day for satanists. May seem harmless, any acknowledgment of this day is against God.
Would have thought it was ready on January 20.
Today's CEO agenda:"Fighting poverty with passion"
Congratulations! You win the prize for the stupidest tweet of the day.
Well chosen ,happily received !
Trumps action and comment killed this beautiful girl!
Very scary that the sleaze queen and the king of hate are occupying the WH. But LOL, it sounds like Donnie is more scared than anyone today.
I was going to dress up as a Trump supporter for halloween, but I couldn’t get my head up my ass.
