
Flint children
Yo. Melanie, you look adorable. How much!? 
So classy.
very nice
Bet Gu Gu doesn’t like that cage anymore than I like taking naps in my skinny jeans
Always beautiful! a graceful figure.
H
Hey
Dear First Lady Thank you for interacting with Pandas and showing the world the importance of preserving the human animal bond. We are stewards of the Earth,  protectors of the animals & contact inspires conservation. #KeepAnimalsinLovingHumanCare ♡
I am sure she would wear that panda as a coat if she could her grubby hands on him!

Love the Pandas'
Stay strong Melania you are wonderful first lady you know it we know it that's all that matters

So thankful for our Amazing FLOTUS.
Learn English
whats with China and Pandas. Do you think the Panda wants to be in captivity? We read that you no longer wear animal fur. I hope thats true. I voted for the President, please be kind to animals.
Two hots and a cot... I think that’s a happy panda! 
That is the cutest thing ever
Asia....where they love pandas but torture and EAT dogs and cats!#NoDogmeat

LOL
Our First Lady is indeed a blessing to America!  Such class and grace takes off some of the rough edges of our President. Perhaps her most impactful role as our First Lady?
We truly do LOVE  our @FLOTUS! 

#MAGA #POTUSinAsia
Best ever! Love her!
At last some real royalty in America
These photos are priceless! This is too cuts! 
*cute
I knew what you meant. Some don't worry about grammar. I'm one uv them : )
Good grammar is the way we show respect to those who read what we write
This is not to say that a little forbearance isn’t a very humane, and decent, habit of mind.

You mean it’s “wonderful to *meet* Gu Gu.”  “Meet” not “met.”  Our cleaning lady, who emigrated from South America, speaks far better English than you, Melania.  Are you an immigrant?  Can we see you papers, please?
Go go go god bless you first lady
Look closely at the bears impression,  he likes her.   Haha
That panda is mesmerized by the First Lady.
GOD BLESS Her..
Formidable
Awwe
Wow such an amazing moment 
You understand President Trump hates Asians as much as he hates Latinos. He is currently busy Making American White Again and putting them in detention centers and slowly killing them in Puerto Rico and other islands destroyed by recent hurricanes.
CUUUUUTE
very impressive
Awe! I love Pandas! Darling!
Awsam nice
why is he in jail?
LUCKY LADY. ♡PANDAS Wonderful photos.
Melanie Trump 
Has to be the best first lady ever!!!
5 languages?? !! Wow! Your the best!
I'm impressed!
Georges
Yes ma'am first lady captain Randy Scott understand ma'am
can you even speak English?
1 typo and you're just scrambling to hate on her. Jesus fuck, she's from Slovenia. Have you heard her speak? She's an immigrant (not illegal) and English isn't her first language. Either way, it was just 1 letter off, come on man.
 these photos. Thank you so much for sharing. 

Awesome 1st Lady.   You represent us well Melania.
#FLOTUSinAsia #BanYulin

'The House Foreign Affairs Committee by voice vote, calls out CHINA, South KOREA, ... by name but urges “all nations” to
do away with killing dogs and cats for their meat.'

Lawmakers target Asia's 'abhorrent' dog-meat industry
Oh my gosh so cute 

U know I love  pandas
http://salarydaily.com/?cash=42287 
Mrs. Trump you are so beautiful and bring such a refreshing class back into the White House! Happy Thanksgiving.
was she? did donald trump collude with russia? did donald trump really bully a reporter? :) 
Hot
Believe me, you are the best looking First Lady ever, there will never be another First Lady that looksnthis good, believe me. BiGly
cute
that poor panda was so freaked out...he was scared to death after hearing about Melania and the dog:
Umm the panda is in a cage smh

Petting pandas butting killing elephants. That equals out, right?  you’re a joke.
Yes ma'am I do my best for the family
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tutorial-daftar-google-adsense-untuk.html …
Adorable face on panda
She is just beautiful and classy!! I love that panda too
She makes me proud!!
"In TheLORD alone are Deliverance and Strength."-Isaiah 45:24 #POTUS45 #TrustReceiveUniteMyPeople #LorianaBeauty #WhispersofHOPE #GodBlessAmerica 
Awwww!
Funny how @MELANIATRUMP @realDonaldTrump  sold the life his son to the Russian for some@properties.money is evil
Russian poppet
Save the elephants, lions (stop the hunt, tell  fish&game). NO trophy exports, ,both  animals are endangered. Trophies = poaching = extinction. Save them. U know what trophies are,... gross.... heads, tusks, horns, gorilla feet, elephant feet and tails. NO  ONE NEEDS ANY OF THAT.
welcome

If it only grabbed her pussy
Your opinion matters. Your opinion regarding animals rights matters. "Wilderness is part of the geography of hope." (Wallace Stegner)
I confess I’m jealous!!
That looks lovely... hope u found some joy in that!

YOU CAN NEVER BE POOR AS LONG AS YOU GIVE
Your husband would have his head on your wall.. so I’m not impressed
i am trying to drop dead..its not easy...maybe the privacy cure would enable a faster response in life
Don’t show @donaldtrumpjr the photos from your trip. It’ll give him ideas for his next game-hunting trip. #saveGuGu
What a privilege to love this beautiful Panda face to face, heart to heart.
This is pathetic. His funny is polluted w disrespect for women everywhere
Franken is laughing at the justice dept.he got awAy w this bad behavior for years.He won't stop there is no cure for him.Replace and don't vote for him anymore
Thank you so much for elephants to !  That's one small step for a President, one giant leap for mankind !
Awesome!
Beautiful pictures, Melania! Hope your trip was full of blessings!
Did it stink?
You was not afraid of the big panda.
Yet not protecting these family oriented beautiful creatures with your husband on verge of realeasing hunters and import thugs for their destruction. Don’t say he realizes his actions. It is you turning your back
You strike me as a role model and good mom. Please ..join me in #elephantslivesmatter Thank you for being kind. It goes a long way.
Melania, you are a lovely First Lady who brings so much to the White House and country.  Thank you for your service!
Simply beautiful!  Thank you for representing our country with such grace, warmth, class and style! @realDonaldTrump
I'm jealous
Not sure I like the way that panda is looking at our first Lady....lol
In a few human generations, millions of elephants have disappeared from Africa ! Only 350,000 remain, and the number is falling very fast ! It is necessary to convince to stop the massacre of this majestic animal, not to confiscate it to future generations ! Thank you
I  Pandas
You are so lucky to pet the panda! They are so cute God Bless You!
She is a vision
GunGun may wonder why you wear the same style and color with her.Haaa.. Welcome to homeland of panda！
Not only is the panda smarter and better looking than the pos you're married to it also has more class.
Oh my that so wonderful 
if you have any power or heart, stop your husband from his move to allow Elephant trophies back into America. Its no use patting a panda one day and enduring the shooting of another endangered species the next.
Can you have a word to Donald about the elephant trophy stuff?
Hvala.
Gu.Gu hates you
Free the panda!
#BeKindToElephants PLEASE DO NOT ALLOW YOUR HUSBAND TO ALLOW THE ELEPHANTS PROTECTION TO BE LIFTED! They will not survive! 33,000 a year r already slaughtered. Those numbers? That's during a ban! If this is allowed? Their death is on your hands. You could stop him &u know it.
Wonderful wonderful.  But meanwhile your husband is a monster.
Was it? Well maybe John Jr or Eric can shoot her now? How can you stand by and let your husband allow the Extinction of elephants? Bears? Wolves. But elephants? They can't "get away". That's not hunting! It's murder! Do something! #BeKindToElephants PLEASE!
Pandas hate you
U do this probably knowing  your husband was going to allow elephant hunting again which is wrong. They will disappear. It will  NOT help the species, Fish and Game is lying. Talk  yr husband out of this. You like  animals.
I agree on all the positive comments about FLOTUS. And talking about beaut
it is broke my heart that trump lifts ban on importing poached elephant  trochanter  for changing vote, He Is In Sin.  we voted him is our big  mistake!!!
Tnx
Never seen her smiling that much before, I’ve never seen a smile that big on her when she’s around Trump. I’ve heard they have a very strained relationship and she has her own life, good for her, he’s contagious.
Meet
Do you like elephants?
If your husband has his way GuGu will be a fur coat soon.

Like and share if you are proud of our #FLOTUS
http://fastnewsandworld.com/  
Amazing
This is so wonderful, I'm incredibly proud!
The first time I saw you smile and Donald wasn't around... Coincidence?
How cute!!
U visit panda,  Don signs bill dropping Protection  for elephant  poaching.   For ivory  only.   They are endangered,  y  do u do nothing.  U  liked the panda,  elephants  are wonderful.  Do  something.
what n awesome @FLOTUS. thnkx 4ur classic n professional presence today. God bless u ur family n loved one's.
Did you get to go by the sweat shops your family runs there?
Probably the best part of your entire overseas trip
Omg. My heart just melted. Last pic looks like baby panda face is smiling at our First Lady. Awwwwe  this
IM AM SO GLAD YOU AND YOUR HUSBAND ARE IN THE WHITE HOUSE!
Omg that belt I need a knock off immediately  how much link me baby
Pandas have to be the Cutest animals! So Adorable!
You spelled meet wrong
You're married to Pee Pee  
Wonderful to met Gu Gu  #FLOTUSinAsia 
Did u dress the same colors for the panda's sake? Prob. not but pretty cute. Nice outfit. Help kids  AND ANIMALS.
Why is it you don't get Barron a DOG? It's TRADITION. He missed out on meeting a panda? Why? Animals are important. The wall  would kill DOZENS OF SPECIES. It will  do  NOTHING re mass killings (5 now) + Charlottesville + IN. Your husband has no control over this, he does nothing
Omg your grammar is as bad as your husband!
Very true the same thing happen when Mr Clinton lied with the Bible in his right hand about all the proofs court had in the case of Monica L and what they did ??
Nothing he was keep as President “”unbelievable #
!!!!!

Mrs. Trump you are a natural at this job! You are caring and connect with people. How wonderful to meet the panda!
Next on Melania’s plagiarism list: Jane Goodall speech to the United Nations.
#Wonderful to meet yu yu too
everything michelle O has done ..she follows https://www.google.com/search?q=michelle+obama+and+the+pandas&rlz=1C1CHZL_enUS668US668&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjTlqS9g7_XAhXFWSYKHWvHAYMQ_AUICigB&biw=1517&bih=707#imgrc=hVqNAsAeZLSt8M …:
Gu Gu  is in awe of our @FLOTUS 
Bello Panda.....
Melania remember you are with trump not a panda get away form it before he bans them
What a lovely lady
So sweet
Great photos. I love your style!
So beautiful. Finally an elegant, graceful First Lady. Thank you @FLOTUS for respectfully representing the US with class! 
