Wonderful Classy First Lady, Love this White House.  God Bless you all.
Classy???? As in.....
Oh, a baiter.  God Bless you my child, may you have a lovely day and enjoy your life with your family to it's fullest.  I wish you well.
Thank you same to you
I actually, really do.  Wouldn't it be great, if we didn't listen to Fox & MSM, and just say. All this hate, is just horrible. And get along
Amen to that sister!!! But we must start by taking the twitter away from that half a brain nan!!!
I still do not know 'nan'..
What time do you start burning your tiki torch or maybe target practice
Are you sure @POTUS @realDonaldTrump did not agree to this because it has to do w/ "breasts"?
Praise the Lord! It isn't rainbow!
Jesus also does not condone homosexuality.
52% of people don't practice religion. 40% of Americans in my kids generation will be non believers! GET USE TO IT
#expandthekingdom
Thank you FLOTUS - Melania Trump 
You do know October was originally Domestic Violence Awareness month first, yes? Breast cancer is a big deal too, but DV kills more
Beautiful. Good job
Also, if you could talk to hubby about that healthcare thing? If he takes mine and I get cancer, those pink lights won't do much :/
Light it red white and blue...for Puerto Rico  
How is it you havent unveiled your ass for breast cancer awareness month?
I love it!
It's the wrong shade of pink!
thank you. I lost my sister to breast cancer.
Beautiful like you @flotus !!
Cute but a waste of energy.
I actually like this get.
Melania is less than classy. I mean really now. 
I could like her as one of our national buffoon's ex wives.
Many women have suffered in silence without sufficient support.
Thank you for remembering all the Brave women who have fought & will fight Breast Cancer!
Classy lady!
I must say with the flip of a switch you are aware.With the flip of a switch many women's lives could be saved if we had access.All do not.
JAW ON FLOOR HOLY MOLY 
BEST @FLOTUS EVER
#GetSumMama #MAGA
#BreastCancerAwarenessMonth
Michelle used to be Michael and should be more appreciative of healthcare benefits
Actually she and her
Brother switched identities
Barry liked Him more 
*see Joan Rivers oh wait 
#MAGA
Beautiful FLOTUS! #BreastCancerAwareness 
This is what I think of your “beautiful flotus”
A Real President would've lit up the colors of the Puerto Rican flag as Americans are dying but you probably don't know the colors or care!
Denise a lot more people have died and are dying from breast cancer than in Puerto Rican during this storm ...DO YOU CARE !
I care, I have breast cancer and it's hypocritical for them to light up the WH, the week after they tried to take away are healthcare!
Was it lit Gold for #childhoodcancerawareness in September? Honest question.
Honest answer,  It's breast  milk that feed those  little ones. Could U just let a good thing be?BTW, do YOU have breasts? Just a question!
Formula works just fine. What doesn’t work is spending less than 4% of the federal budget on childhood cancer research. #morethan4
Thank your Congress 4 that but,  pick on FLOTUS 4 doing a nice thing?
While I’m not a fan of pinkwashing, I certainly agree we need to beat all cancer. Just not sure why the kids get overlooked so often.
Nor do I understand why a grandma would troll a guy trying to raise awareness for childhood cancer, but to each their own I guess.
Thought there might be a better venue for  it was all.  I'll  truly believe your heart was in the right place.
Yay!  People are dying in Puerto Rico and now you can ignore them and light up the WH in pink.
People are doing lots of dying from cancer as well.
People dying...alert the press...wait, they will start talking about the ambiance at the WH...
This didnt involve the press. @FLOTUS tweeted a photo of this yearly tradition, and people on Twitter hijacked it to push their own agendas
On many sides. Including being happy we have pink for breast cancer and not a rainbow for equality.
Almost 7 year survivor! Thank you.
Me too! 6 years and 31 days out of chemo...
Congrats to you!
August 23 date of diagnosis... sister survivors. Keep rockin' it!
Yay!! Pink lights do nothing!! But taking away healthcare kills women who have breast cancer. So congratulations on a meaningless gesture 
Nice touch. Adequate health care would be more practical.
Then why don't u pay for people's health insurance?
I'm in the UK. We all pay National Insurance. Health care is free at the point of delivery. It works and it's bloody great!
So, in other words, it's not free. Right?
Everyone pays the same, a small percentage of wages. If I need to see a doc for a minor issue or if I need heart surgery, no charge.
So, it's not free then?
It's free at the point of delivery. i.e. No bill. We pay a small monthly amount in National Insurance. Covers everything.
Yes, ur paying for it. So it's not free.
How about you don't take away the healthcare ALL women deserve?
America & the world alike adores & appreciates your voice in D.C.!! Looking forward to the next 7 yrs! Thank u @FLOTUS #MAGA
What world are you living in?  Must be a small one since no one listens to her and especially her dimwitted husband.

Oh, we are struggling as a country all right. Trump is the problem. Thanks for nothing, trumpers
Your welcome
Here's your sign
Blocked
Our #WhiteHouse is beautiful in #Pink, and I have a cousin who has just been diagnosed with #BreastCancer for the second time.  This means so much!  Thank you.

#BreastCancerAwarenessMonth #BreastCancerAwareness
It does? How is that?
In honor of Breast Cancer Month maybe you shouldn't take away the health care of millions of women who need it to fight breast cancer.
As a survivor, I think it is disgusting that you politicize a serious topic. Have you zero compassion, or is hate & violence all u know?
Sadly your husband is attacking our health insure so we may not have check ups for long. He is killing us all! #hesnotfit
He is not "killing us all." At 62, I am forced to pay for maternity benefits. Obama lied & said that we could keep our current plans.
Never realized there were actual people who didn't support healthy babies.
Thank you Melania for letting us know this wonderful news!! The White house will be beautiful in pink!!
closeup of me wearing cyclops sunglasses
Wow, Melania, I must tell you that you are the First First LADY #EYE believe is worthy of being the FIRST LADY FOR THE U.S.A. Need me call!
so the whole nude model gig b4 the first lady gig doesn't tarnish her at all in your eyes? whatever. u voted trump so morals?...ehh
Awwww.......YOU HAVE NOT SINNED??  PAST IS PAST! LIVE FOR TODAY, WE ARE NOT PROMISED TOMORROW!! MELANIA HAS SHOWN COMPASSION & KINDNESS 
My heart goes out to you.Youre unhappy and for good reason.donald is a chump.we know it,you know http://it.You  and Baron are pawns for him to play with,make him look http://good.RUN !!!
Our gracious First Lady. Thank you.
Did big daddy promise you some new tits too?
It will look better in 2020 when we paint it blue (and send you and your hubby Daddy Warbucks back to the top floor of Trump Tower)
if you don’t like her so much, why are you commenting on her post? tf
I’m one year post chemo stage 2, mother 2 a 15 yr old son , my only like u. Thank u 
What a wonderful  first lady you are. Our country is blessed
Please explain.
Explain what?
Pretty pretty PINK! Puerto Rico is suffering.  REMIND YOUR HUSBAND.
Lol the mayor will let everyone know with her custom t shirts as she stands in front of tons of food  for press rather that distribute it 
Yes I'm sure that was plenty of food to feed all of Puerto Rico...and I'm sure every far end of the island is eating GOYA beans right now.
There is adequate supplies and food distributing is the issue. She would know if she went to the meetings
So she needs help with the distribution. Not her fault. She's asking for help...and those GOYA products were a private contribution.
Unless you are going to get off your ass to distribute on broken roads stop criticizing her for trying to help.
Please keep Prez Trump safe today in Puerto Rico!
Right!?  Imagine how much disease is in 3rd world countries like Puerto Rico!  MAGA!
Puerto Rico is not a 3rd world country, it is a part of USA, they vote in our elections and are good strong Christian people with a good Gov
Right, thus the joke.  Trump treats it entirely different than Texas and Florida.
Our Prez did a good job in PR, His work ethic is impressive. At this point were probably not going to change each others minds enjoy Sunday
Hope women see pink White House remind go to clinic to check breast. Early find breast cancer surgery it can save life.
right and if you have no health care due to domestic violence divorce then what? eat healthy, exercise, don't drink, and live for today!
Thank you FLOTUS for bringing beauty,style and patriotism back in the White House God bless you and POTUS.
so what u are saying is beauty is skin deep. c for me I prefer smarter than average first ladies rather than model types. Michelle, Hillary
Thank you FLOTUS we are thrilled at everything you do for us as women!! 
Um what has she done? matched her heels to her frock? Or glorified gold digging? Just askin!
Jelouse much?
It's beautiful!
Thank u so much!!! My mom is a breast cancer survivor and I'm a survivor of a childhood cancer called Neuroblastoma... God is Great!!!
Sooo, didn't you say you were going to use your position to fight cyber-bullying? Start with #DumbDonald #hypocrite
Let's start with fighting for our lives. Ok with you?
Actually, that's red in honor of the blood that will be on the hands of me & all the GOP who want to take Americans' healthcare away.
No doctor takes O'bum-Care! In Alaska fees are up 112%!!!!!!!!
Careful    and Christ I feel sorry for young
Wow that solves everything!
Gee, thanks. Now maybe you should go talk to your husband about women's health care needs.
No doctor takes O,Bum-care in Nevada! In Alaska fees went 112% up! We need drive 100's mile to see 3rd World MD plus $80 cash!!!!!!!!!
Before the ACA, my premiums TRIPLED in 2 years. Our enemy is not the ACA. It's skyrocketing medical costs and meddlesome insurance cos.
What is the budget spent on Breast Cancer month as opposed to prostate cancer month
https://youtu.be/55KcH_U45xk 
"Cancer Awareness"

God's Watching Over You All ♡
Omg you're clueless. People were killed in Las Vegas.
But not by guns, right? Guns had nothing at all to do with it, right?
Get a clue. Wrong timing.
Thank you
That is great.
In honor of Breast Cancer Awareness, maybe not try and close #PlannedParenthood were women get screened!
Beautiful idea, FLOTUS!
The tribute to breast cancer awareness was beeeeutiful by lightening up the White House in pink. Tm you flotus
2 yr survivor from South Africa. Love the idea. Thanx.
Hello!! The trumps didn’t make this healthcare mess
So true! Obamacare in self destruct mode.  I say do nothing 2 change health. Wait till Obamacare completely implodes, then try again.
What do you care with your fake breast?Shut up , be a Barbie doll and go back to your kitchen.

Thank you for your bring this to everyone's attention.  Very important for mankind to keep our women healthy.  God Bless you.
Cancer doesn't Discriminate  ! But dems will find a way to exploit this disease !!!
Really. How about actually doing something about it.  Your “husband” cut funding for Women and Children.  Still want to sleep with that?
Thank you FLOTUS & #PayersForVegas!
#PrayersForVegas!!!

Thank you Flotus , my mom & Grandma both died from cancer and I personally think this was a beautiful sign.
Thank you and Pres. Trump and God Bless you both from a 2x survivor and one who is still fighting.  #PrayingForACure 
It's very pretty!
Wow! Love it!
TY Melania! FLOTUS with Grace. May God Bless you 
Awesome
@POTUS @WhiteHouse What about insurance to cover diagnosis/treatment? Cuts to @PPact for diagnosis? @GOP Words mean nothing. @VP
Thanks so much
Breast cancer awareness is racist!!
Beautiful Pink House!
Thank you
Thank you!
Aww! What a beautiful gesture! Thank you for remembering the struggle that many of us have gone through..and still are. Bless you! 
Beautiful picture@FLOTUS thank you 
♡☆☆☆☆☆♡
Why the negative comments on this post? Can't we all just agree that this is a good thing the White House is doing? Wtf is wrong with you?
Deplorables like you for starters. We are merely pointing out that you don't make cuts to health care programs then make the WH pink.
God I love having a family with class in the Whitehouse again. Thank you...
Being aware is nice becuz those that HC is being taken away frm will know their cause of death.

Awesome
A bunch of pink light bulbs will do little when the donald sabotages the ACA and closes down every PP clinic. He subjugating women.
Awesome
That should help big time! As Fox would say, epic!
Love it!
Your tits and a**
Yeah, real class act.
Missed the rainbow lighting last June.
Thank you very much! I shed happy tears tonight seeing this! I am an 18 year Breast cancer Survivor! 
My favorite shade of pink!! I believe it’s called p**** grab Pink ? 
You are precious! I love you!! You are a wonderful 1st lady!!
Thank You for bringing Awareness to Breast Cancer. I have not been diagnosed for it but screened every 6 months.#PrettyPinkWhiteHouse
we'd rather you left healthcare alone.
I wish Obama had left healthcare alone!
Breast Awareness
You are a complete blessing to our nation! God bless you and Potus.
That is awesome. I have a sister in law who has breast cancer.
I'm glad you are upholding this tradition.  Other traditional things, such as the Constitution, you & @realDonaldTrump , not so much.
Are you taking about 2nd amendment?
No doctor takes O'bum -care in Nevada and Alaska! We need drive 100's miles to see 3rd World "md"
When you support Trump you support and make hate. Now go curl your pretty bleach blonde hair.
Oh boy
is there a video
 it
I don't like this. I had cancer but think White House should only be in red white or blue. 
I am sorry for your loss. Just sad that rainbows, pinks, purple can be shown all over the White House. Afraid someday Black for ISIS. I pray not. 
American Patriots love you FLOTUS
Sorry I can't hear your empty gestures over the panic of people with cancer terrified they will lose access to treatments.
How about helping people of the world. Yes is lame, war mongering instead of helping the world. #PuertoRico
So beautiful and thoughtful! 
Great to see this Melania Trump
Proud of our First Lady.  Lovely Family

We've done our part to fight #BreastCancer, don't ask us for any more help.
Thank you first lady God bless
Russian and Russia connection tax returns traitor!
How about you stop your husband from trying to defund #PlannedParenthood which is critical for many suffering from this disease
How so when planned parenthood does NOT DO MAMMOGRAMS (they refer u somewhere else)or cancer treatments.
You don't stand up for women's rights, healthcare or immigrants. This tweet is nuts. I really don't know how sleep at night.
Thank You 
Yours are fake, so will you have fake cancer brought to you by the fake news?
Neat. Let's hope the country can agree for this great cause. If not, they show their childish behavior.
(2) of Domestic Violence killed at the hands of their partners every year in this country. It has been Domestic Violence Awareness month in
Bet you thought of that yourself 
It is always pink for Oct..?? YOU didn't do anything!
@pauline_brendar @WhiteHouse Thank you. You are a wonderful first lady.
Pink is pretty...but

 Trump's policy on health care, or lack of, will kill thousands. 
Being a woman shouldn't be a pre-existing condition!
Block button. Heavy paid trolling. You can tell, says extreme things that no one would say to your face.
I agree the angry, crazy rants -  They are all bots, one way or another.

Bots -paid troll bots
or
Bots -brainless bots repeating #MSM
What would be even better is to get your husband from taking health care away from women
Russia saved a fortune laying off their spy's no need for them they have too many in the White House now.
How 'bout in honor of breast cancer awareness month we preserve and fully fund the ACA so women can have mammograms?
The @GOP are busy repealing mandates for employers to provide women’s health coverage instead.
Mammogram saved my life. It was the instrument for early detection for me. Whether you feel like it or not, LADIES GO GET THAT MAMMOGRAM!!
Now there’s a lesson some should of learned 
‘Purple’ wasn’t really the best color to illuminate the nations ‘House’  

Thank you Melania
Term “purple prose” is used in reference to large exaggerations,lies, and highly imaginative writings.
Fitting of the last administration
Awesome!Thank you ma'am!You're doing a wonderful job First Lady!So proud to have you in White House!
Duh. We got that without your having to state it! #goodbrain
GOT TO START SOMEWHERE:
MARSHA BLACKTIE DEFUNDS PLANNED PARENTHOOD, MEDICARE, AND ANYTHING FOR AMERICA'S HEALTH!  DON'T BELIEVE HER LIES!
Not orange?

where's the pic from outside... or does Daddy Trump not allow you to leave the house without him there?
Wow that will do so much for having someone turn the White House pink. As always your unselfishness is overwhelming. Now $5000 heels 2 match
but keep defunding research?
Thank you.

Thank youI am almost 5 years out from my breast cancer diagnosis!  Thankful to God and wonderful treatment plan and doctors!
Grandioso por la lucha contra el cancer
YOU DON'T REPRESENT TENNESSEANS!  YOU'RE A FRAUD, A FASHIONISTA.  TN DESERVES BETTER!
Love it!!!
@FLOTUS @WhiteHouse Thank you all for doing this for all of us women! God Bless You All
We're denying healthcare to 8 million kids, but look, a pretty light to distract you
No we're fighting for our lives.
Also, it's appropriate because our president is a boob (no offense to boobs everywhere).
As are you.
Thanks, random stranger!! Have a great day yourself!!
Beautiful, thank you. Breast cancer has touched so many lives,.
It is also Down syndrome Awareness Month. Do you think you and the POTUS could do blue and yellow? #ramsesbyron2018SenateMN!
That's not pink you dolt. It's red.
