First lady Melania Trump answers questions about Christmas from children: "I would spend my holidays on a deserted island, a tropical island, with my family." 
My contect 03331363939 love you


I love you
Our White Christmas. Goodnight 
You’re a joke
Nice
Leave him! You deserve better!
That's so cute of you pretending to care #ImpeachTrump #DumpTrump #resist
Child does not know  if parents sick 
Un treated what will be  future 
Queen lures
Merry CHRISTMAS FLOTUS
I believe the terms you are looking for are FLOTE or maybe even FLOTN?

http://thefappeningblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/Melania-Trump-Naked-2-thefappening.so_.jpg …
BTW @Jeny_8675309 are you paid in dollars or rubles???
Far be it removed from me to engage in a battle of wits with the unarmed - Sarah Huckabee Sanders, Dmitry or Yuri or Vlad or Svetlana or whichever troll you are so I bid you adieu!

Here arw ur talking points 4 tomorrow's meeting!

We love you 
Nudist!
“First Lady, did you prefer doing nude girl on girl shoots, or solo shoots, and why?” - #KidsQuestionsForMelania
You’re a loser, dude. What volunteer work or good deed did you do this holiday?
Why dont you tell the truth?

I'm having to go back and retweet this again something or someone keeps undoing my retweets and my likes and I'm having to retweet them and like them all over again I wish it would stop but I will continue to repeat them and like them as many times as I have to
Fun question: Do you make Donald get tested for STD's after fucking porn stars? #PresidentPussygrabber
Sure - an island that is bought with illegal funds, and having a Wonderful Christmas in D&G clothing like the 150,000 dollar coat you wore to the Vatican.  Great role model there - and who says all illegals are from shithole countries?
Behind every successful man there is woman, and that goes true for your beloved husband. His success lies closely to your support. Cheers!!!!!!
Fun questions from the kidshttps://goo.gl/aPCoK7

Now that’s our First Lady true class
You're the reason they put directions on shampoo bottles.
You could use some shampoo!
That poor poor woman
She's complicit also sorry! #AmericaBeenGreat!
She is SURVIVING.
Hi dear best friend how are you dear best
you Melania, so beautiful inside and out!


Fun question...will you or 45’s WH mistress be reading to the kids next year?
Melania you are a guiding light for us all on Earth.
May the Lord bless you and your family today and every day forward.
As in red light district?
Please do, leave immediately, and don’t come back. Maybe the tropics will unfreeze your face. Botox overdone, and I have no problem with Botox, but you need an intervention.
The loose tongue of the godless spreads destruction;the common sense of the godly preserves them.
Pro 11
I love our FLOTUS.
Leave the kids out of this, Mel
@MELANIATRUMP izženite dopisnika RTV SLOVENIJE @edvardzitnik,
ker vam dela neizmerno škodo,
hvala,da ste prebrali,tega,kar laže v Sloveniji,vi ne slišite
Did you tell any of the kids Dotard would be dating them in 10 years?  Also, you're a birther.
Your hateful
FLOTUS you were Fantastic with the children!  Merry Christmas  God Bless America

#stepford
Michelle Obama-God how much we miss you
The Obama children are adopted. Strong indicators that put Barack Obama in a birth program designed by the government. Test tube babies and so forth. Large portions of Obama's life history are missing. Search MK-Ultra, search Loretta Fuddy for more facts.
So much grace
You can see she just is not comfortable at all in the public eye it’s all forced. Not one bit natural
Would you be comfortable if you saw “Rape Melania” sign outside your door and received death threats?  (irony: Libs portend to decry sexual harassment, yet do it every chance they can.)
I’d be disturbed if my husband boasted about grabbing women’s Fanny’s and boasting he can get any women
If you want to get wadded up by a 13 year-old illegally recorded conversation, have at it.  I imagine our First Lady feels secure. 
As secure as the Middle East after what that that numpty did yesterday
Just because the past 3 President’s didn’t have the testosterone to enact the law that Congress passed 20 years ago, doesn’t mean it shouldn’t have happened.  It did. Deal.
melania 
Love to hear our First Lady talk!
Speaking of family, where is Baron?
Thank God we have you in there and not Hillary!  Amen!
Not bad idea !
Wonderful, smart and beautiful.
What did you tell them about loss of chip benefits
Oh Gosh, may God helps taking these  Dumps out of our WH!!!! #impeachTheDumps

Is healthy for a child of any age to know that their father- aka-your sick husband, wants to sleep with her? Answer that fun question.
Ummm, Melanka...your bullying, sex predator so-called 'hubby' is at it again.  'ITs' now demeaning & bullying a female senator. Whatcha' gonna do ' bout it?  Anti-bullying IS your 'platform' ..isn't it? ?

What a wonderful amazing classy first lady.  The best ever seen. Nice melania.
I agree completely. Her shining eyes tell us she is not there just for political reasons, she comes from the heart. Well done First Lady!
So would I Mrs Trump, so would I.

Just because Trump’s president, it doesn’t absolve him from any past crimes, or make him above the law now. That includes money laundering, racketeering, tax evasion, obstruction of justice, conspiring against the US, intimidating a witness, sexual assault, sexual harassment, etc

JUST IN: Trump accusers demand Congress investigate sexual harassment claims http://hill.cm/40hHfyl  


#HoldTrumpAccountableDay
Invite Keaton Jones to the White House!
Very sweet. i enjoyed the photos as well. Thank you for caring and connecting with them, and for the lovely tweet about volunteering and donating to the disaster victims.
Would you mind adopting me for a few days?  
Wait Up! 
Such a beautiful graceful First Lady. We are truly blessed. Merry Christmas!!
We can't blame you, Mrs. Trump@FLOTUS.  It can't be easy living in a goldfish bowl!
You seem like such a lovely woman.  If you need help or protection or a safe space from your villainous husband, I hope that you feel that you can reach out.  A deserted island is well within your grasp.  He treats you abominably, even in public!
OMG Tell me this is a SNL skit! Please tell me this is a joke! WTF ?
MELANIA WILL YOU HAVE A CATALOG OF FAVORITE RECIPES. From the WH of SPECIAL & other occasions ???  We would love a coffee table book like that ! Saw a glance I'd candied centerpieces - cookies etc - looks fun and interesting ! THANKS 

Apologize to @BarackObama for your #birther lies
Beautiful inside and out. Proud to have her in the White House
Love her. Wants to protect her son from the beastly SOB’s that haunt him
My question is ‘how does it feel to be married to him’?
Hope you kept your clothes on! Is the jacket overlay to help you have something less to strip?
Your thoughts on Roy Moore, he likes kids too. I hear Donald is a Moore supporter.
I think there are a lot of ppl who would enjoy Christmas w/just their family. Nothing @ all wrong w/that. #FLOTUS #1stladywithclass

I was so grateful at the opportunity to spend time with the children and their families yesterday, and want to thank the medical staff @Childrenshealth for their lifesaving work.
Children are lovely!!! (^_^)
I don't blame her!  Anything to get away from the pendantic media which has been very unfair to her.  From her shoes to WH decorations...anything to criticize.
Better prepare for Trump Jr. He threw Hope Hicks under the bus. You are Don jr’s stepmother, not his blood mother. So You will go down to protect his blood father Trump too YOU BETTER CALL MUELLER!
How is this immigrant first lady a role model to any child anywhere?

Thank You First Lady Melania you     are compassionate & graceful. So grateful that we have you and your lovely family in the White House.
Merry Christmas!
May God Bless You 
& All Your Love Ones.                            IJN Amen... 

Feel like everyone’s forgotten trump also tried to kiss Katy Tur & then insulted her every chance he got thereafter. He also tried to kiss a People Mag reporter in his home w Melania upstairs. Media ignored her story. #DemForce https://twitter.com/thr/status/939294121889591301 …
A deserted island for Trump and Tramp is a great idea!
Class in the White House
So kids if you don't study don't worry look where I got showing my tits
So you admit to sexually abusing children Satinder?
Could you do this and stay there?
I love love love this .. accept healthy food on Christmas Day ... we can splurge a little 
God bless you always and forever Melania Trump


Kid question ==> mommy why does Hope Hicks steam daddy's pants while he's wearing them? Does he like that?
 .... in every way - beautifully done ....
So Twitter makes your tweet unavailable. Kids asking questions, Twitter finds something wrong with that? If you were a Democrat they’d be promoting this tweet.
The Christmas season can be so chaotic! I agree, a nice quiet place to get away with my husband would be a first choice for me too!
Yes please go2 a deserted island and take the president. You seem nice so you come back but leave him there to survive like the #PolarBears
Always fun with the kids! Merry Christmas!
“Oh, Jingle bells? Beautiful song!” Ummm, sure? I especially like the “jingle all the way” verse, it’s stunning.
Melania is quite awesome and carries herself with an elegant grace. Proud she is our first lady. Her face lights up around children and her smile is genuine. Thank you @FLOTUS for being   out front for children.
That would be nice and all of you deserve it!  Merry Christmas Melania, First Lady!!   Mark
https://www.fiverr.com/john_austin# !
We love our First Lady!
By family, she means her son, far, far, away from Daddy!!! 

Did you show off your porn collection?
Thank you Melania, you are always ladylike and very glamorous. You are so gracious and have beautiful style. We love you Melania. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! 
You CANNOT judge a book by its cover.....
“What does ‘Grab her by the pussy’ mean?”
Maybe some humanitarian work on Puerto Rico?
Stay on the island:  my Christmas wish!
I have something in common with Melania: my favorite Christmas song is Oh Holy Night.
Thank you for serving our country as .@FLOTUS  Our family sees the sacrifice your family has made for our nation.  Hope you all have an extra special Christmas of renewal which gives you all continued strength.
What are ya'all smoking in Texas?
I feel her sadness
We will pay (as per usual) but this time please stay there. All of you.
Here’s a fun question: Is #HopeHicks being groomed to be your sister wife? That way @potus can get the polygamist vote too. Apparently she is very good at steaming your husbands pants. Oh my.
Great idea. @TheDemocrats are mad because they didn't think of it.


Thank you for taking time to spend with the kids.  I’m sure it will be one of their favorite memories
I totally agree that time spent with family / without the outside interfering is ideal....  With @POTUS job (IMHO, his success is amazing, particularly with all the blocks ), I can't imagine how difficult it must be to have simple family time. 
Bravo to you for your support!
America, which you are not from, would love it if you spent the holidays on a deserted island with that moron @realDonaldTrump and family and stayed there. I doubt you are even sending out these tweets. Its probably some under paid @WhiteHouse staff member you abuse doing it

You are beautiful!!!
I wish the video could be longer. Never feel tried watching her smile!
Kids say the darndest things. When you leave that island will you tweet its co ordinates?  MERRY CHRISTMAS BEAUTIFUL FLOTUS!!
So lovely to see you and hear the questions.  Merry Christmas and I hope you get a desert island moment! Oh Holy Night is my favorite carol also.
Don’t blame u
Love our first lady
She enjoys being around children so very much. She is never more beautiful than when she smiles at a child.
Love her answer!!  Who wouldn't want some peace and quiet for a few days?  Our @FLOTUS is simply classy and genuine <3
POTUS - “...never, ever stop dreaming. “ 
We U & Thank You FLOTUS.
I say that everyday of my http://life.lol  Thank you Melania for being such a classy gracious First Lady.
And away from that awful fat man and I’m not talking about Santa!
