Yeah, give that lecture to your husband and then maybe the rest of the world will start listening.
Nobody is gonna listen to Melania about anything  I mean anything 
Truth. I keep forgetting she is no Michelle Obama.
Much classier than MO could ever be. She did nothing but vacation. MIO was a horrible First Lady
Yeah, nothing but vacations...wow, you've been feeding into the fake news like water, eh?
Nope. As you suggested, go do some research. The amount of $ spent on her vacations was ridiculous. Pls don't limit your research to MSM
It's nothing compared to Trump's vacations and he hasn't even made it a year yet. Wake up, please.
Bullying? Like what trump does? Maybe Melanija should put an end to that!
Really stop speaking bc words fail to line up @POTUS Trump & Republicans million of children will not have healthcare #Sickos #cnn #msnbc

Go away, shill bot. 
But the rest of us?
Then don't tell them they don't deserve to serve
Make them pay for their on surgery. Instead of the tax payers
Tell that to your husband.
As long as your husband's alive that's going to be their biggest fear that's his agenda
Make sure you tell that to @realDonaldTrump.  Apparently he never saw that memo.
This is literally what your husband's ICE/Border agents are doing to children today
Open up you house for them... We are a nation of laws everyone protects thier border you fool
Including immigrants and Muslims doll
Let's add transgender kids as well
Transgender is a mental disorder
Hahahahahahah
What about people bullied by your husband?
Might want to speak to your husband about bullying
Yes 100%. 
But as my kids look at the once honorable position of President, they see a mean kid now. The man is everything you're against!
What are you doing to help? You have a campaign without implementation. Maybe you should start with your shameless husbands cyber bullying
Maybe tell you hussy to stop bombing outside the USA. Might help!
Only adults who your husband bullies right #NoBullying#EnoughisEnough
Then you probably should tell your hubby to stop name calling
And yet it happens everyday, mostly by other children
Hypocrite
Thank you for representing us with such grace and class!
Graceful indeed!
Right??? LOL 
Then don't say it's okay for bakeries to refuse to serve gay couples
That's their right!
That's their wrong!
They have the freedom of religion backing them.
What message does this send to children?
That you have the right to believe how you feel. Peoples opinions shouldn't be forced upon you in life. And you shouldn't be criticised
One concept we were founded on is freedom of religion. That does not mean freedom to discriminate based on religion. Wrong is wrong is wrong
And standing up for your faith is right is right is right.
Sure....why the hell not?  Because bullying is the most important issue for so many countries.
Show me one of him hugging a DREAMer and we'll talk.
"No child should ever feel hungry, stalked, frightened, terrorized, bullied or afraid with nowhere to turn." @Flotus

Tell it to your hubby!
If "No child should ever feel hungry," u should tell Trump to stop making it so parents have to spend all their food money on #healthcare.
@Flotus Every thinking American is frightened, terrorized, bullied & afraid of your husband.
Tell your idiot husband
No PERSON
What if your husband grabs me by the pussy?
@FLOTUS you r the biggest hypocrite when u advocate anti-bullying. Is it because it happens 2 u every day?Your husband is a classic bully.
Clearly, English isn't even a third choice behind money and old men
Thats right, we love our children, they are each families gift!
or unable to get healthcare if they have a pre-existing condition or mental illness
Tell that to the DACA children you ignorant hypocrites.
You mean the ones that broke the law and came here illegally and are now using my hard earned tax dollars w/o having to pay them themselves?
They were children. And they do pay taxes. Do some research. You sound a bit triggered there snowflake.
You can't legally pay taxes if you're not in the country legally. "Snowflake"
Do you understand how daca works?
Yes we understand how DACA works. We work, pay taxes and they get everything for free. Free food, free housing, free education.
Ugh. Seriously?
Your husband does all of these things. Why aren't you challenging him about this?
yeah, most of us feel the same way when sick, no health insurance and can't buy medicine etc.  Oh, tell ur hubby to stop bullying.
You can thank Barack Hussein &congress 4 the healthcare mess; Trump is trying to fix it; at least be fair if you're going to assign blame.
So, exactly where is Trump's health plan that he ran on during campaign? Did u see it? NOPE, he had nothing but words for cheap healthcare.
His plan was 2 repeal unconstitutional aca; gov shouldn't be involved in healthcare at all-it should be left to free enterprise/competition.
our gracious smart FLOTUS!
And you have no problem with the HYPOCRISY of her husband being a cyber bully of monumental proportions? Says alot about you doesn't it?
she is focusing on CHILDREN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Grow UP
ADULTS are supposed to set the example! Especially @POTUS !!!!!
@gramsaleo  I agree Trump is a bully and I will stand next to you on this. I was commenting that our focus should be on our children
The children copy adults. They see all we do. If the POTUS can get away with being a bully it would be easy for them to think they can to.
Do you expose your children to Trumps bullying ?  That's on you if you do.  I keep mine away from it.
The behavior of POTUS should Never Ever be so bad that we have to shield our kids from it. Sadly, he does set bad examples of a good person.
Exactly what has she done so far to be the best?
Then why not educate. Instead of saying what will never happen. That's what's wrong, no one wants to dialogue.
we have different views and I just wanted to know yours.
What exactly on my page makes me a troll? I could say the same about you, but I just chalk it up to you have your opinion.
Yes that is what I say~ Too much Bullying, and too many Teens Full filling 
their Suicides! It is Heartbreaking..... I live in Northern Minnesota, where it seems there are a lot of problems! It never used to be this way! We have many people out of work! They open the >>>
I had to search backwards a long time to find your last tweet about bullying.  Did you give up this cause      ...Part 1 of 2
Then don't take their healthcare away
my families healthcare was taken away by Obamacare, I would love to see it re-vamped/changed/revised/repealed.
Don't you get it? None of them give a shit about your family. The fantasy of their agenda outweighs all fact, and logic.
Don't you get it? Liberals care about people, society,  equality and the environment... 
My agenda is helping you understand that....
The programs you believe help people? I believe hurt people.
Liberals are dismantling American Society. You guys have a severe political violence problem.
The equality your referring to is Socialist Communism. People are not equal in a Capitalist Society. That's how it works.
Thank you for caring about the children that have no one to turn to. We all have a duty to guide the children even if it's only a kind word.
Dana
Says the worlds largest cyber bully.
... since you are married to the country’s biggest bully? Part 2 of 2
She speaks better than her husband
#Dreamers

The illegal immigrant wife needs to start with her bully husband. There is no bigger social media bully out there
AGREE

You are an inspiration to us all Dear First Lady!! 
Thank You!!
Obama Top of the news again! And still! Melania who?
I realize this tweet is from 9/17. I think she does believe this. The problem is her not so compassionate spouse has decided that he needed to cut the school lunches for the children. For some this is all they got everyday. 
Very, very sad for the children and poor of this USA.
Amen
H
Nor should any adult.
Thank you. God bless.
Cohen you need to get facts straight. These aliens are treated with respect. They are just sent back to their own country. They need to follow U.S. laws & apply to come legally.
Love you First Lady. You are a fine lady with a big heart.
This is literally all @realDonaldTrump does
Lol your husband is the biggest bully on this planet
a little hypocritical to be preaching this when your husband is biggest offender in most of these.....
Not even this child?
Why isn't Mexico helping their own citizens - & why would you blame OUR gov 4 their lack of care for their own citizens? Mex should step up.
That baby is a U.S. citizen. The border patrol's priorities are insane if they're spending time following ambulances carrying 2-month olds.
Seriously doubt they were following an ambulance. Were the parents legal?
Read the article.
I did. Very dramatic & misleading. You put blame where it doesn't belong; those ppl WERE helped, even tho illegal. ICE did its job.
Ok. You think following the parents of a sick baby to & around the hospital was a good use of ICE resources. Got it.
What don't you understand about the word 'illegal'; those parents were here for years living off American taxpayers; they need to go home.
Then tell your bigoted husband to stop making my Muslim and Mexican students so afraid. 

Start at home.
And every skin color of the rainbow.
Y'all keep using this word "Bigoted". I don't think it means what you think it means.
having or revealing an obstinate belief in the superiority of one's own opinions and a prejudiced intolerance of the opinions of others
Unless they were brought to this country by their parents, qualified for the DACA program, and now your husband wants to deport them.
Right?
DACA was unconstitutional and they're all illegally here. The need to be deported.
Even the ones who served as US Marines?
Under current law yes.  Congress can pass an exemption for them but so far they are all illegals
Way to stand up for your brothers and sisters, Marine. Semper Fi.
No problem
Please remind your husband of these very solid and noble beliefs. He needs to be educated.
That's how the Americans Citizens feel since your Husband became President. How do you sleep at night?
You are married to a "Bully"!He's "Making America Divided Again!"If all was fare,you'd be out of America,married to 1 shouldn't a exception
No people should be with healthcare in America .. Trump Doesn't care about the sick people in America
No Child, Adult...Person really. Is this a sub to @realDonaldTrump?
So what exactly are your plans with re to DACA then?isn't that meant to protect children?
When are you going to tell your husband to stop bullying? Children look up to him.. he is a poor example of your anti-bullying campaign!
That includes the children of North Korea, whom your husband is threatening to annhilate.
That's what the children of Puerto Rico  are feelings and living!
Is that statement stolen from @MichelleObama ??????
Whom did you plagiarize these words from. Do u even have a original thought or opinion of your own???
The President of the United States is bullying Black people. Are you going to say anything? If not, then all of this talk you do is just BS
@alexaroz
 she didn't write that lmao
Thanks #FLOTUS  for supporting this. And ignore the sore loser liberals on your feed. They can't seem to help themselves. #MAGA
Thank you for your help in Making America Great Again!
Then you should up your contribution to the point you feel as uncomfortable with the amount as the rest of us do.
Children who were never afraid are now terrified because of ur husband
Then why does your husband insist on doing this to others?
obviously you haven't met your husband
Until you speak against your husband your words mean NOTHING.

Did you notice your husbands twwet with the golfball? He is a massive bully. Make a campaign against him and i trust you intentions @FLOTUS
@realDonaldTrump
I agree Ist Lady Melania Trump .Brother Bob and I @KantorRandy @Aclj Lawfirm
So based on this your POTUS removes insurance takes away SNAP bullies everyone,tcondones violence sup. hate grps
What about ALL THE AMERICANS THAT ur Worm of a Husband makes feel That Way!??
Just like what your husband does?  Please start at home.
That's it well spoken
Our first Lady presents herself always prepared and ready .!!!
Change starts at home!  Need to discipline your "big-boy"
@FLOTUS gives an amazing speech against cyber bullying and of course the left cyber bully her. Left is really taking the higher ground.
how about all the violent videos and tweets  your husband posts?start in your own home first!
https://soundcloud.com/aurroralennoxyes/memories …
Thank you, Melania, for trying in the best way available to you to get the message to your husband. We know you see it, too. #antibullying
We need actions, not just words, 1st Lady
Start with you husband.  He's the world's biggest bully.
Maybe you should explain this concept to your husband.
Please stop your husband from bullying people including world leaders via twitter and at his rallys We cant let our children listen to him
as he is such a terrible example I would never want my children to grow up to be so ugly with his words & twitters He is a terrible example
Can you address your husband's online bullying please?

You go after bullies, stop your husband.
It breaks my heart that you don't have the strength to actually stand up to the ppl you know are actively influential in harming ur citizens
,,, obstructionist to do anything but stir shit n do so proudly as if they were real Americans not just socialist pawns is hard but worth it
You should be embarrassed. Your quote is everything your child/man is doing to countries, and Americans.Thank goodness Barron doesn't see it
Agreed - make your husband, the Dotard, jump of a tall building.
Yeah sure
Explain that to your husband about being a bully.
Please!!
God Bless You for your help in hunger I say a prayer for the children of the world every night thank you for your help.
Unless that child is a refugee I guess?
Except all of the DACA kids, right?
To make this possible, we need to get rid of @POTUS, who is the worst bully ever and opposed to helping the needy. @WhiteHouse. #Impeach45
If you truly believe this, why did you marry a bully of the most egregious kind. #DementiaDonald
Except all the dreamers. ? All the "illegal children" your husband is sending away. #SleepingWithTheDevil #UnitedWeStand
Love you!
Unless you're gay and now have to worry about getting fired/bullied.
That includes Muslim children, Puert Roxanne children, Mexican Children, etc
Nor ANY grown up. 
If you mean what you say, then tell your hubby to end his tirade against millions of undocumented immigrants.
No one should - child or otherwise - your husband is a the biggest bully in this country
This is one of my favorite tweets!
Gillian Stapleton: Terrorism is spoiling it for us in the UK
Been there, done that! What you suffer in your childhood stays with you throughout your life. YOU CAN'T FORGET, AS HARD AS YOU TRY.
And yet that is the so called leader of our Country. Someone who bullies, spreads hate and divisiveness and Americans feel helpless to it!
Why don't you start with your husband who has been a perfect example of what a bully is.He has shamed the office & Whiteyou are an enabler
tell this to @realDonaldTrump
Nor should any woman
Replace 'child' with 'human' in this sentence and then really take a good look at the horrible human you choose to sleep with every night.
The President (child) is a perfect example of your statement.  Maybe you could start with training him.
What About PUERTO RICO? #PuertoRicoRelief
Teach your husband no person should be bullied. He is the internet bully.
So true, unfortunately it's not what your husband practices.  He's bullied race, religions, women, heroes, mocked handicapped. Why? #bully
Melania: You are a blessing to this country and her people. Stand strong, you are well over by the majority!
Yes your husband is killing DACA which will make American children frightened, bullied and afraid with nowhere to turn. Hypocrite!
So barron will move out of the Whitehouse?
Or Puerto Rico ..... hey where's you contribution to Puerto Rico aren't you a billionaire I make under 30k/yr and I sill donated to P.R vict
Your*
Pieoiywi jjjjjjiajjjjmjjnjaajijijajagivlnjnnnn Kyleyggow is
As long as they don't wear an Obama shirt or speak up against police brutality.
But I think now a day the situation is becomibg better!! Young people ose more to denounce!!!
I think you forgot to mention unloved and unnurtured....Which is the worst!
Your husband is the biggest bully of them all. Anything that you say about bullying is totally irrelevant.
Make your husband read your tweet
Or kidnapped from their homes when there is no abuse of any kind
Aww. Too bad the #DACA parents chose to violate US immigration law. Not Trump's fault, silly. Mexico deports these illegals ASAP.
Keep it up
.....by their #potus
Then why are you married to a big bully 
and loud mouth.
Right on!!!
Shame. We are not stupid. There are thousands upon thousands of Americans tryimg to help every day. Your family only makes things worse.

Yes, you are right, but how do you rationalize your spouse?!!
How can anyone take you serious when the biggest bullies are your family members.   @DonaldJTrumpJr and your husband @realDonaldTrump 

#DoYourJob #StopTheBullying
So sorry that horrid librarian bullied you. You did not deserve that.
https://twitter.com/raisingcash/status/874375722642657281 …
God bless you for the work you do for children all around the world. Thank you for using your fame to help those less fortunate. 
Sounds like you want more socialism. Good for you.
And yet that is what your husband is allowing to happen in Puerto Rico. Good job
You are doing a wonderful job as FLOTUS and you are amazingly gracious.
Hey, let’s see that bullying plan!  An outline will do...
It's hard to have a cyber bullying campaign when that's all your husband does is bully people..
Wonderful aims conveyed by our super FLOTUS #flotus45
then your hubby should quit his job and get out of the public eye.
Wtf? We have kids starving,no shelter,&no water in aftermath of storms. What have u done? Changed ur lipstick? Wake up.. ur speaking bulshit
