Stay there more on the weekends. You two take more vacations than you should.
We are honored to have you my vote counted enjoy proud of you both
#GRABTHEIRPUSSIES
Keep it clean
All we need is POTUS has to keep his promises for US Citizens. We don't worry for DACA, but worry for Jobs. worry for the Boarder Wall.
Yes & thank you 1st (I've not done anything to serve our people) because I'm busy trying to make sure I don't lose my prenuptial! I can't
No, THANK YOU!
Did you say honored  ?
Most Women Love having a First Lady who carries themselves with Grace and Dignity and you definitely 
We are honored and grateful to have you and POTUS live in the people's house.
Please Melania stop! Nobody believes u or DT. We feel sorry 4Barron only
RUN
Queen of America
And all the dead presidents are rolling over in their graves while those still alive shun @realDonaldTrump. History will not be kind to 45.
Radical Islamic terrorism strikes again. for London.
Thank you. The last residents were too ignorant to acknowledge that fact. #bloodsuckingscum

Philip you are a real not pretty guy.
or as @POTUS calls it, a "real dump"
He hates it & your bullshit is helping destroy the country that you AS AN IMMIGRANT are not helping  others who didn't just marry in to it.
Don't get too comfy
And since we know your taste -- please leave it as you found it.
Gold digger

the crazy bots are all on this thread
Now now while "The Dump"?
Duck you both.
You and @POTUS do the White House proud.

God bless you! Continue to serve the Lord our God!!! Good work Mr. President!!! @FLOTUS and @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Rev what is it with you God Squaders ???  That man doesn't go to church doesn't give a damn about religion or religious people.
I am trying to encourage the President to do good.
As my mother would say "O Please Child". He brags about attacking women then you think you're going to make him better. Rev you have me lmao
Let's just focus on the positive things that he does. Encourage the President to do the right things.
Rev I love your sprit but the man has never done anything good so far that I can see. He can't stop lying he's egotistical self promoting
Yes you are telling the truth. I prayed about this a whole lot. After grieving the 2016 presidential election and after experiencing anger.
He called it a dump. At least it is big enough that you don't have to be in the same room as him.
I'm really glad you are but your husband called it a dump. Can you talk to him about that? Thanks
It would be better if you and your husband weren't the current occupants of this house and damage this country's reputation.
Who cares what you think. Imposters, charletons. Get out!
So happy. Michelle Obama was embarrassed to live there but you are first class. We're very proud.

Thank you for all your family is doing for the USA.
We love you being in our house. Thank you for your service.
WE LOVE YOU OYR @FLOTUS MELANIA.!!!
First modern day First Lady who can't speak English
Useless flotus.
I'm so sorry.
Hahaha sorry that flotus is another level than you? What are you sorry about seems more like jealousy
@MELANIATRUMP @WhiteHouseHstry @POTUS @WhiteHouse 

Blech. Ya'll are stains on our democracy. Go away. You are not wanted here.
Very much appreciate the class and grace you continue to display amidst the racism hatred and violence of the left and msm
If the MSM wont show you. How do you know? Do you live in Europe or are the other potato farmers telling you this?
Plenty of ppl on twitter live there, and they tell their stories of how their country is a living hell  Mr potatoe farmer
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=774509759400297&id=100005238404837you … are a beautiful smart and I am proud to call you our First lady
I second that! Thank you Melania.
One way to demonstrate your appreciation would be to actually live there.
Such a historic home!
Built by slaves, too. Maybe one day I could be #PotUS, too.
Yes, as well as many historic buildings were. Not just by slaves alone. @BarackObama had no objections of living there for 8 years.
Neither would I.
Thank You Beautiful Flotus!!! You Are a Blessing to Americans. Exactly The Opposite of Your Predecessor - Thank God!
I'm outranged with you. What planet have u been on the last 10 years? You must be a Bot.
But yet u spend every opportunity u can away from it, at our expense I might add
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=774509759400297&id=100005238404837 …
Go home somewhere else we dispise u
Love you God bless
Don't listen to the negative people.  Melania, you and the President are doing a great job representing America.
@mooses2020 is a bot or troll
How do you sleep at night.
This question is one I have often pondered
We love you! We are honored to have you in the White House !!
Just wonderring..... Melania is a very attractive woman.... but how does she feel about immigration..... since she was also an immigrant
Thank you! And president TRump, We love you both. 
Dear First Lady,  my mother, Beatrice Burton will be 98 years of age March 13.  I have written to POTUS, to send her a birthday wish but no response. She's a  devout patriot. Worked her entire life. Kind to every person she meets.  On hospice.  We're praying for this birthday.
President Trump's
please take time to follow this link.  sad that these people could not sing our National anthem
You honor us First Lady :-)
Why are you so desperately tweeting a whole lot of Melania’s tweets? Is bad news about to come out?
You shouldn't be. It's a den of inequity and a place that promotes bullying and racism,

White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders is trying to make you look 
Get out. Now.
Your the best!
You're COMPLICIT
You're amazing Melania! We love you so much!
what exactly has she done????
Unhappy much.Go see a pastor or priest.
You do remember that he called the WH a "dump."

The history of racism, remember slaves built it and your racist husband continues it by calling Mexicans rapist, supporting Neo-Nazis, etc.
How could you possibly marry a pig like that?  Oh I forgot, you were looking for a sugar daddy and you found him!  Not so fun is it?
 brilliant!!
We love you Melanie.  
Sorry should be:: WE LOVE YOU MELANIA!!! 
Such a classy FLOTUS!
Classy?  She's a former soft-core porn model.
You must know all this! Were you in the cast, because u have no class
The pictures have been all over the media.
Show me one model who doesn't bear some skin and I'll show you a model out of work. People grow up and change. I think she is very classy.
I agree
How can u live here years & years & continue to have such a thick accent??  U know all those trump supporters yelling speak English? Yeah..
Honored to have the first foreign born First Lady since Adams call the White House her home. Hashtag- xenophobia - misogyny - diversity.
GO BACK TO YOUR COUNTRY!!!
WE DON'T WANT IMMIGRANTS IN THE WHITE HOUSE. YOU DON'T BELONG THERE..
welcome ma'am
Really? @POTUS said it was a dump.
Lovely words Melania. God bless your home.
U haven't done  u r the worst kind of gold digger stay w/a  all 4u & ur  of a husband r a joke!
FLOTUS for her intelligence, grace and beauty. No slanderous comments by leftists will change that.
First Lady Melania Trump, you have brought back class, intelligence, beauty etc. "WE THE PEOPLE" are blessed to have you as FIRST LADY MAGA
Thank you
Love the classy first lsdy
I can't wait until this circus of a family are out of the White House.   They have damaged this country worse than any other past president!
Thank you For bringing class back in the White House and to our country. 
Lies...your hubby called it a dump
Gee I don't know, speaks 5 languages, has a degree in architecture, she's beautiful, graceful.i am proud to call her Flotus
How do u know that stuff is true.  Slavic people are notorious embellishers of the truth.  I don't believe one word without proof.
Love you. We think your amazing
You're an idiot girl
A bunch of haters making comments on here.  You go back to your roots.
Trump called it a dump. You all don't belong there
Love u
We are so pleased for you and President Trump occupying the White House.  It could have been Hillary and First Man.  Ugh.
You have become one of the best FLOTUS.
Thank you my President keep up the good fight, we are still with and understand why you are trying the dems. Be careful vipers.
Melania, thank you for showing class and grace amid all the naysayers in our country. God bless you!
You called the White House a dump. Do you think people aren't listening?
Love you Melanie, the rest of you supporters, don't feed the trolls...
you are a class act
Shut up
God Bless our First Lady
Please follow me.  I'll make you proud
Good to note others being thankful. I apologize for the behavior and lack of constraint on behalf of my fellow Americans. :)
We Are Honored & blessed too have You!
Thank You FLOTUS you make a difference children love you!
If only the White House felt the same about @POTUS ...the WH lives you and Baron...but that's it.
Thank you my First Lady, for your great and hard Job. America says thank you..
What exactly has she done
Make America great again - go Trump
Is that why your husband called it a "dump"?
I heard that the place was full of roaches after the Obama's moved out. Hope the got it under control!
We are happy you are there! @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP
Your husband called it a dump!! You really are a bunch of liars!! #DeportMelania #resignnow
Thank you for accepting the role of First Lady, we are honored to have you in the White House and appreciate your time and service
Your words will encourage all
You are such an eloquent First Lady.
Ur so beautiful both inside and out
Sad state when a whore in the white House. Did her ass for money
We will fumigate after you and orange man leave.
Like Hillary did with all she stole.
Thank you for your gracious and humble attitude. Welcome!
Lol
We are so proud to have you as our First Lady!  God bless and protect the Trump family!
We the Patriotic Americans are proud and honored to have you Melania, and our President Trump in our White House 
Donald and Melania Trump compared life in the White House to being in a Venezuelan jail.  Majority of US are Disgusted & Embarrassed
It is amazing the pride and respect people can have for their work, in light of those they may serve (temporarily).
And thank you for being the most gracious FLOTUS we've had in a long time.
Oh, you're doing this because his other wife (ivanka) is doing virus stuff elsewhere.
Thank you for your hard work in restoring the White House after falling into such disrepair. The first family is loved 
What has she done for the WH. She spends most of her time hiding. She should be taking English lessons. Cant understand hrr
More lies! He called it a "dump"! Be better and don't fall in line with him!
You & @realDonaldTrump r just spoiled & felt the White House wasn't good enough so u all demanded it get an upgrade. Let's be honest here.
All u have done is disgrace the white house no other first lady has nude photo out there. So sluty.
We love u
Asante sana white house
Really?????
Humble. and. amazing to said .cool
Just don’t turn it into some gold gilded gaudy temple or something.  After seeing the pictures of the trumps home God help us save the WH
Nepotism!
You are right.  It is "the people's house" and the doors should not be open to Russian spies and their collaborators.
Don't get to comfy! You or @POTUS won't be there much longer!
We are glad you are there
How is the anti-bullying thing coming along??
What has she down besides support by a racist, sexual assaulting, ignorant, bald faced lying white supremacist?
1st. Lady be blessed maa"aam....jesus
Don't let the haters get to you.
Thank you.
you are so busy
?
You bring dignity to the White House!
our sweet lady 
Likewise, we are honored to have you in the White House
Go back to where your from your not american and your husband is aSCUMBAG SHAME ON YOU FOR MARRING HIM WHEN U TURN FORTY HE DIVORCE U ASK Iv
So
I thought it was a dump?
@FLOTUS 
https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/1700189360074111/ …
It's nice to have you there.  You're a wonderful First Lady.
Your awesome and so is your entire family.
Thank you @FLOTUS. This is very informative.
I love class! You are pure elegance, class, and beauty! So honored to have you in the White house. You represent our country well! #MAGA
Isn't that nice, U treat it with respect. The last guy didn't. He had his feet up on the furniture and she dressed like a drag queen.
Too bad we don't feel as honored
So wonderful to have someone of your genuine  character and beauty as our First Lady!
YOU can stay.
Wtf have these Trumpsters been smoking? Our FLOTUS is a glorified prostitute. U can see disgust for him in her eyes. 2 embarrassments 4 USA
what're you paid sycophants?
WE LOVE U :-) .. :-) ..
WE FINALLY HAVE GOOD IN THE WHITE HOUSE :-) PRAIZE THE LORD :-) GREAT JOB :-)
Now that's MY First Family.  Thank you Mrs. FLOTUS
Ewww
You mean that old dump?  You know you want to get back to that gaudy, garish, gold, glittery dictators palace at 725. #ImpeachTrump
I thought she was staying in Trump Tower so poor little Barron didn't have to switch schools
Have you paid NO ATTENTION to the will of the People?

Convince the jackass to RESIGN NOW.
The bar for these people is set pretty low. No wonder our country has become  the world's laughingstock. Un-freakin-believable!
You must not let anyone bother the Kidz I mean 50 about but heroin med and mixed out of this world but I hope your whole family kick majrAzz
I've NVR done hereion by DA way but inn and outz
