Strength isn’t enough...Send helicopters with food water and medicine.
Lady, I don't see -you- donating money...  Your cheap tweets don't mean nothing!
Are you wearing your 5 inch heels again. You may need them to hit your cheating husband boy are you blind. Yuck he’s repulsive let him cheat
NEVER HAD A REAL JOB, BUT, ENJOYED THEIR PARTIES, TV, VIDEO GAMES. MAYOR WAS NEVER AFTER HER COMMUNITIES.
That's about like sending prayers; does nothing for anyone, but makes the person sayin it feel that they've done something. Send them money
So what has the great Clinton foundation and all there drug money done?
What a sorry mouth you have.
Meep meep do U n0 the meaning of awake, tear, memory, insane, mirror, promise, year, born, alive, rain, tomorrow, yesterday, misery, train?
Try sending water and food for a start
Actually, they don't need your strength, they need clean drinking water, food, safe shelter and electricity.
Send them money.  You could drop a few in Mexico City as well.  Your words are not as helpful as cash.
your cash works just as well but I bet Harvey Irma and Maria saw none of it.
Bet I sent more than you
doubt it but thanks for playing

You mean the First Lady stripper ????
I have a job and I have a great life.  I don't like strippers and liars.  You need an education
Nice try.  Neither of them are strippers and they aren't liars.
Generators and fuel to run them would be helpful. Instead of just sending them thoughts.
What'd you think of the hubby's tweet today about helping #PuertoRico #FEMA #americancitizens
God gives power
thanks a lot ma'am amén
What about our friends in Mexico?
You know they don't like Mexicans
P RICO WAS A WRECK ALREADY FAILING BY IT'S ECONOMY & NO INITIATIVE.TO CARRY OUT A PLAN FOR IMPROVEMENT,
How about fellow citizens??? !!!  SAD!!!
As much as I'm not a fan of POTUS, PR is part of the US. They are fellow citizens.
I know but she does not!
yea Bruce cause you are so much smarter. Holy shit just gotta say bullshit. U must have a miserable life.
Great - water, food, generators... that would be the thing to send.
THEY GAVE AWAY THEIR RIGHTS TO PROPERTIES, BUSINESSES, AND POLITICS. PUERTO RICANS JUST LIKE  HAWAIIANS EXPECT USA  REFURBISH THEIR ISLANDS.
SO, TO REQUEST FOR IMMEDIATE&TELECOMMUNICATION VENDORS REFUSED TO PLACE UPGRADED INTERNET REPEATERS & WIRELESS HARDWARE / PHONES.
REMEMBER, P RICO HAD A PATCHWORK ELEC GRID, SORROWFUL INFRASTRUCTURE & LAZY POPULACE WHO LIVED OFF TOURISTS.
They need help not your tweets. Tell @realDonaldTrump #Impeach #ImpeachNow #ImpeachTrumpNow

They don't need your thoughts, they need linesmen, electricians, contractors, and money. #HuracanMaria
Thoughts lead to action, not the other way around. Without our thoughts and acknowledgement, will those resources magically appear?
And since it happened in September 2017 it is most likely the power is back on in more places than not. If the people of Puerto Rico waited for us(a) they would still be in misery.
They need help and assistance, not your so called strength
Why not send something they could use, clothes, water, food, batteries, blankets, toiletries?
Lmao, another trump tacky fool, dressed as a clown at the united nations.#TackyClown #SpeakEnglish!
Sounds like someone is a little jealous of @FLOTUS
You’re so funny I just laugh and shake my head. 
Ahh screw it, just send some Dr. Suess books along with the strengtb!
Ladies and gentlemen...our "first" weather lady. At least the Doofy Donald lets her text about the weather. Talk about a world class doormat
These are tough times and President Trump is the right person for the job to help the people in need during these natural disasters.
Is that what you really think, David. If you were living in the US you might have a different opinion.
I live in America and I AGREE with David!
Would you still feel that way ir one of the women he groped was a daughter or granddaughter of yours?
I don't deal in hypotheticals.  And, although there is plenty to criticize, I don't cast dispersions on your Prime Minister! POTUS is MAGA.
You and he have a lot in common. And feel free to say whatever you want about Trudeau. I just might agree with you.
You know nothing about me, so you know nothing about my commonality. That's what people do who have no facts; they just attack.
Try getting POTUS to send supplies and manpower instead. That gets things done. Your "strength" is worthless.
How do you SEND strength?  Is that a Trump super power?  
Your husband my president is doing a wonderful job thank you very much
Burn in Hell, dRUMPf!
You live in Canada you can't say jack shit what happens in the US & who is president because you don't live here, now move on
We love you Melania! With your husband's leadership we know all of the hurricane ravaged areas will be rebuilt.
We don't all love you. Many of us find you to be the least inspiring FLOTUS in history, as Trumpy would say, "buhhhhlievvvve me."
Amen! #FLOTUS married America's most notable bully yet her "cause" is anti-bullying, one requiring little-to-no fed financing whatsoever.
What is antifa, who you support, they ganf up on the elderly, defenseless, pretty sick, what would you call that
Antifa are anarchists bent on destroying our democracy & our culture. They love chaos. Same groups in Europe now, courtesy of Soros
Have you ever met a Puerto Rican? They have strength. They're going to need that help after the storm hits not just thoughts
Do you think good thoughts mean help isn't coming? What a sad and cynical life you must lead.
We are very proud to have you as our First Lady!
o we're not proud to have a foreign invader #Flotus
lol hold your breath
ok hold on to that prison thought. Lol
Instead of saying something meaningless such as this why don't you send them aid, or food, or money, or generators, or medicine?
Her husband is already doing that.
I trust that he'll send the best aid and all, that doesn't mean we should have @FLOTUS spouting vapid, empty things in the face of tragedy.
I live in FL.  He had people and supplies already in route before hurricane touched down.  Vapid and empty?  Just your opinion. FLOTUS!
have the hubby send cash...strength isn't going to do much
right after you. How much u donated so far big mouth
Thank you Melania
Take off your frigging sunglasses and look people in the eye.
Take off your sunglasses and look people in the eye.
Sending strength is useless, like your idiotic husband. You're both evil people.

Put on your flood stilletos and get your ass over there.
They don’t need your BS.
If you get a chance to speak to your husband see if you can get him to stop bullying & insulting Puerto Ricans - send help.
But no money, food, water, or medical aid. Strength is all they need.
Oh please gag
Friend in need is a friend in deed
Hey @FLOTUS would you do this? Think she's wearing 4" heels???
To be clear, this is the mayor of San Juan who he insulted. She's using a bullhorn to find people. 
Husband is blowing it.  People are dying.  He is golfing and tweeting.
Strength?  Wow.  That'll really help rebuild, won't it?
Puerto Rican's can't eat or drink strength
Update: You no longer have any friends in Puerto Rico, you can stop sending your "strength".
While your meal ticket attacks a mayor
Seriously, YOU need to step and stop your Husband from bullying the mayor of PR. #ISTANDWITHLIN
This is it? How can you support @potus in his statements against PR and San Juan mayor? You are useless & should be ashamed. Shameful legacy
Please have your husband committed. We will stand behind you 100%.
What about people who are not your friends?
Will you be visiting and wearing your stiletto heels #ImpeachTrump
How about asking your husband to send troops to Puerto Rico?
How does one send strength? How about getting @potus off back 9 and to Puerto Rico with more aid? Load AF1 with supplies
Why don't you send some damn help instead of you empty azz strength, use some strength and stand up to your loudmouth husband, save PR.
Thank you so much . Godspeed on your trip Tuesday .
Thank you for care about Puerto Rico unlike ur husband who just put them under the bus
Should’ve sent supplies instead
So @realDonaldTrump —do you  ever think of others? You put down the mayor & cry about #fakenews instead of showing compassion for PR
I’m begging you to have a backbone &standup to your husband. How dare he criticize the mayor of SJ during their time of need.
Your husband only cares about what people think of him. That’s so sad. Pls stand up for the mayor of San Juan. Don’t be like your husband
Pls tell your husband to stop criticizing there mayor of SAn Juan and #fakenews. Think about others for once and not yourself
But no help, the children and people are dying and in dire desperate need help, please help them.
I think that the logistical needs for PR are being miscalculated. Have our president order air drops in strategic areas of d island.
USAF can drop kitchens out of the sky.  Send them over there with food.  They drop entire hospitals also.  No stopping them.
Tell your husband to send help - people are dying!


Send drivers. Send fuel. Send the 82 ABN. Send a general. Send tents. Send blankets. Send in Smart people. You can't send what u dont have.
I am so proud of our @FLOTUS -  your gentle loving personality is like a warm hug.
Yes! She is so awesome 
Thanks to you first lady! God bless you always!
What an honor to feel your humble heart serving others!!!
I am pretty sure you can't drink or eat "strength"
How nice. How about sending food, water, the Army to distribute supplies & folks to repair the ruined infrastructure?
Eight days and no clean drinking water for most in #PuertoRico. #HurricaneMaria survivors need more than strength sent to them.
Love  Puerto Rico
strength? How about sending aid???
Send food. Water. Medicine. Gas.  "Sending Strength" is the equivalent of doing nothing.  @potus has that part mastered
They are strong send supplies and more diesel fuel. Restore power to ATM machines so they can get cash to survive.Thx please tell @POTUS
Strength , wow your fucking funny it's show that your a trump so sad

Wish i could go to Puerto Rico and help.
The planes should run non stop to get these people off the island. We have to work together to make sure they ALL get housing etc until this mess can be cleaned up. You let healthy ppl get disability and welfare how about helping these people who REALLY need it. JS 
It is so bad. We have to help them! We have the resources and man power. We need to lift that Jones Act. We take so much for granted. Judy
Tell your husband to lift the law so any ship can enter. Like he did for Florida and Texas. They are US CITIZENS screw shipping industry
You forgot the people of the US virgin Islands who went thru two cat 5 hurricane in two weeks. Are they can American citizens also
No, you aren't. You don't care. Your husband doesn't care. But at least he needs to do his job.
How about the rich protesting athletes donate some of their millions to help down there. 1 mill. a piece should help alot.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/politics/wp/2017/09/26/its-not-complicated-trump-is-more-interested-in-nfl-protests-than-the-storm-in-puerto-rico/?utm_term=.5de6de3dc486 … @FLOTUS
How bout you send help and how about Mexico who sent help to us during floods? Selfish much @WhiteHouse
Get Trump & his Administration to send help. US citizens are running out of drinking water and food! Send in troop planes to evacuate! NOW!!
Try sending tents so they somewhere to sleep
Help the children in PuertoRico NOw
Get it there faster and more efficiently!
They aren't just our friends. They are Americans!
Please Mrs Trump I have an easy solution to help the puertorican people it's fast easy and will save lives have someone contact me
Sure hope you notice most of the people thanking you are not in Puerto Rico.
Yes, they’re just fighting to stay alive since @realDonaldTrump ignored their cries for help as he had to tweet about the NFL #HoplessFlotus
They are more than friends- they are our U.S. citizens.
They need more than Strength !!!!
We need a hell of a lot more than strength, people are dying! The bureaucracy, lack of leadership or a plan is wasting time! THEY NEED HELP!
All over the media about the NFL, you can barely put together a tweet about 3.4 million Americans in Puerto Rico. You guys are a waste
They are not friends! They are IS Citizens and serve in the Army, National Guard, etc like every other American
Please help them! Their veterans have not been receiving good care like my father! They have helped foreign countries.
They need more than strength. They need water, food, gas, medicine, a way of communication, a cot to sleep on, and your husband to step up.
"Sending strength to our friends in PR" means nothing...PLEASE See if you can get your husband to SEND MORE HUMAN >>AID<< TO PR NOW.
Why only a one liner for PR? Why are you not going to do anything to get more aid to those American Citizens?
Melania, Puerto Ricans are a beautiful people. Please do not turn away those who come onto the mainland for they are Americans.
Umm how about sending federal help (food , clean water , shelter ) to our U.S American citizens in Puerto Rico.!!!!
Should sell the 51,000 dress...
Send money there..it's a start...
Strength?? How about your Hubbie being pezzie and giving relief
I’m still upset no word from my family. I’m not rich to go down there and spend time looking for them. Prayers please!!!
send $$$ is more usefull
Tell your racist, disgusting husband that PR needs more than the "strength" you send via Twitter.
They are not our "friends". They are fellow Americans. Tell your husband @realDonaldTrump to do something to help them.
Why don't you send your husband down there? Grab his phone on the way out the door!
You're husband is insulting and kicking down the survivors cus he lost to the NFL. What happen to that non-bullying speech you love throwing
Puerto Rico is more than a friend, it is a part of Us. Their situation is dire, 3 days w/out water is all the body can handle. It's so bad.
How about actually sending something useful to Puerto Rico? Send the military and the comfort ship.
THANK YOU FOR REPRESENTING US IN SUCH A POSITIVE OPULANT LIGHT....... here's a tweet that should help build you island again thanks FLOTUS
You can't donate your tweets to hurricane relief so why don't you just go help the citizen who are beginning to clear the roads
Are you there is your family there
Why don't you go down there and help instead of "send positive vibes" way to show you actually give a damn
Why don't you and "little hands" send a check?
Potus tweeted 17x about the NFL but forgot 3.5 million Puerto Rican's fighting for survival. Also broke law
Could your tweet Trump'r and tell him that Puerto Rico needs some help, RIGHT NOW. Cut out the BS he's tweeting
How about getting your husband to send actual HELP?
And still no trip. Did they forget that Puerto, like Texas and Florida, is part of the US...but wait, their votes don't count.
Can you ascertain that they actually get the funds donated?
Why not declare it a state of emergency? Your husband does realize Puerto Rico is the US? Is it the people are too dark in skin color?
Tell that useless husband of yours to send some real help.
Pls get @realDonaldTrump to donate another $1m. And send the US Navy and Coast Guard to help.
Please tell President to help PR!
so proud of or FIRST LADY YOU R THE BOMB
Hope your sending of strength includes convincing your husband to send resources and support
How about some help or have Don give them a visit
Just strength? Go plaster on more concealer because you are aging fast and it's showing.
Thank God you and Donald are blessing the White House - everyone I know loves your entire family - keep making U.S. great again
prayers for puert rico and mexico

Send them help.
Really? How does that work? Is it as meaningless as "thoughts & prayers"?
Instead of strength tell your hubby to send help.
Maybe you could get Bozo's head off his own reflection to do something more.
strength, but not any money 
God Bless our FLOTUS
#FreeSpeech
American citizens are suffering in the United States Virgin Islands tweet about them and help them and don't forget them
Thank you for all you're doing for our country, First Lady! God bless! #MAGA 
Thanks...
You are awesome
