Your loving heart shines through Thank you for representing this country with such warmth, grace and dignity. May God watch over you; first family. Praying for all the children world over that their needs be met; through charitable giving and works. God Bless the USA.
Grace and dignity? She did naked mag shoots. (I'm totally fine with it but don't tell me she's one for grace and dignity lol)
Every human being on this earth has sinned or done something they regret. To turn away and accept Christ, to ask for forgiveness makes everything NEW. The old is washed away. Past matters not; it is the NOW which concerns God.
How do you think her "heart" feels about her husband administration doing their best to make sure those children die over the next year by ignoring CHIP? Guess it's more important for them to have tax credits for their private jet. You know... Christian priorities.
Amazing how many wish something was true. Chip coverage is fully on the States, not federal, at all.
Do tell oh wise one...
That's as of nov 3rd. You're but very educated, are you?
You're the one who doesn't know WTF they're talking about. 76% of Montana's CHIP program is funded with federal medicaid dollars. Congress's failure means Montana's CHIP program ends as of January 2018.
Interesting, while your husband takes away healthcare for millions to give tax relief to the already rich 1%
Stop trying to blow smoke!
Yup. Only on the willing. Pelosi commercials of Mitt Romney pushing old ladies in wheelchairs over cliffs. It's not even hyperbole anymore, just straight up lying. That's the #Resistance for you. Hate filled, serial liars W/nothing but victimhood narratives to control the naive.
My husband is on medicare. His insulin is $14,000 a month without it. Paul Ryan thinks a program people pay into is just entitlement and is going to "reform" it. Does my husband get to be a "victim" when he no longer gets his insulin?
The problem is with the insulin being 14k in the first place. We only got there with government involvement. It's why a single pain killer goes from pennies to create to 40 dollars a pop by the time it reaches your hand. And he won't lose his insulin either. Be truthful.
They’re both problems
Reform, is not code for KILL ALL POOR FOLK. That is ludicrous misdirection from people with their own agendas that do not particularly have anyone else's interest in mind. That's they way it's been with the left since the new deal.
their health.
why don't you ever wear a jacket properly
I am sure that was an issue to the sick children.
Probably not... But her husband doing his best to kill them off by cutting their insurance probably does.
Yeah because that makes sense, or something
Trump GOP failed to renew the Children's Health Insurance Program.
Thank you Melania for doing such a beautiful job I'm sure that the children you visited appreciated the fact that you took the time to include them in your Christmas agenda God bless you and merry Christmas
Looks like you had some fun, thanks
Make them pillows and teddy bears 
GO ON FIRST LADY!
Children's health. The children's health Donald is taking away.
So nice of you Melania.... Merry Christmas and a very Happy 2018 New Year. Thank you for the humanitarian global work. You are an awakened soul of Unity. We thank you for being a lady.
Be nice.... Santa will put coal in your stocking .... l o l
Best first lady ever! Thanks for your commitment.
I can see you truly love and care for the children. Thank for that.
#Noflyzone4Afrin

Fantàstica.
We're so glad you were able to meet those children before they die for not being able to afford their treatment. Your husband has their blood on his hands.
Tell us what’s really on your mind Melania. On a side note, I would imagine that you do not believe ANY of the sexual predator allegations made against your husband @realDonaldTrump either.
So happy to have you as our First Lady.  Merry Christmas! 
Guess what, a whole bunch of kids cant get healthcare because CHIPs hasnt been refunded.
Your beauty comes from your heart. Thank you for loving all these sweet, sweet children!
(https://twitter.com/funder/status/938433479192338432?s=09 …)

@FLOTUS @SarahHuckabee WE #believethewomen #theyretellingthetruth We believe the women We believe the women We believe the women We believe the women We believe the women We believe the women We believe the women #RESIGN
So fake of a cut video
Muy lindo
We The People are so very proud to have you as our First Lady 
Lets talk about Dogshit44 shall we?  Ol Berry on video, on a plane, showing off his boner to female reporters....GROSS!

Mises Trump ISRIAL is not a country in the world but Mr.Trump shift Amrican consalate at jourshlam.
Our children are losing their healthcare. Please help.
Look up be thankful. Obamacare is horrible
Keep them away from Roy Moore
His accuser is admitting forgery. Others are backing down. DNC probably set this whole thing up. Who is the real diabolical person here? Why don't you comment about your other liberals in congress who actually did go after women sexually? Hypocrisy?
They have resign only GOP sex Predators left to resign & #SexualPredatorTrump
Bless your heart
Nice
In my lifetime I have never seen a First Lady do so many kind and charitable things!  So proud of our FLOTUS!
Did you happen to ask about what will happen to these kids with pre existing conditions when Obamacare is taken away?
Then convince your husband that children in the US need health insurance coverage!
Porno Flotus...come to America marry and old fat rich and pretend you are pure.  Give it a break
We ate Grateful for your class elegance compassion and sincerity!  America love you!
No... Russians and traitors love her.
Lol, salty people are funny. I would hate be be that miserable everyday.
Aww. We had a #Snowflake chimed in with their hurt feelings. Lol
Not sure if you're talking to me... But my feelings aren't hurt by treasonous douchebags.
Nice teeth 
I truly hope you had  a belated birthday. Pls. give me a Your day.

Wishing you and the Christian members of your household a very Merry Christmas
JUST THE CHRISTIAN ONES THO
He was being polite & correct. Christians celebrate Christmas, being respectful of another's faith is maturity
AMERICA LOVES YOU !!!
No... We don't.
Ummm... Wrong. The  majority voted against him. 3 million more for HRC and another 8 million for the other two.
This is a fake map.


Your gracious
You know who else likes spending time with kids? Roy Moore.
Would be a shame if you have to prove your slanderous claim in a court of law. Tweet saved and sent.
Matthew 5:6
Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, For they shall be filled.
#GOD bless our #Nation  #FollowJesus #OneNationUnderGOD
A #Nation under #One #True #GOD  #JesusHeals #OneNationUnderGOD
This is so very true!  
Where’s your son

You are an awesome First Lady ! Thank you!

We love you Melanie. You’re doing a great job & admire you. We pray daily for you for strength & safety. God bless you. 
I think it’s very unfair how the Dems & MSM treat @realDonaldTrump  but I understand he’s fair game to a degree.…
@ornellaserica @lpbraganca111 @lubiroz3 @neusamandrade @Silbass So unique at .

The beauty of the person is in he or she honestly and love the god.
Which god? Melania worships money.
I love her so much!  So loving and genuine!
Just like that convention speech that she supposedly wrote. Her word is her bond. She is so genuine! People like you are so easily fooled.
Gee whiz, I didn’t ask for your opinion.  YOU were fooled by the Obamas!
Melania lesbian porn star . Very classy. The gold digger has gold
Hmmmm, your negativity.  I feel sorry for you, Bless your poor soul!
Not negative, just truthful. I'm not blind like you. You have the wool pulled over you eyes.
I feel sorry for you.
Gold digger.
Kids couldn’t understand you

Why does she always wear her coat like Darth Vader? Weird.
That's awesome this is first lady you and your husband our blessing to this country thank you God bless you
You are so classy its wonderful the haters are just jealous bc they can't possibly have that much class what a great first lady you are just a fyi
You’re love for family, God and country makes me proud to call you my First Lady. Your beautiful and classy.
Amen I agree
Praying for my First Lady and my President 
I watched the children asking you questions and can confirm, @FLOTUS, you are an Android.
U r Awesome!
Melania Trump so proud to have you as our FLOTUS. GOD BLESS you and your family.

Really want to help??? Kill your self and tump
مرحبا بك في موقعنا
Never answer your critics Melania...chin up. Nice work.

Beautiful smile. Your love and care for children shines through!!!  THANK YOU for all you and President Trump are doing for this country. God bless you
#womenintech #womenpower #Truelove affection good way god bless you and #PeaceAndLove
God bless President Donald Trump and Melania. I am so thankful they are representing our country. MWHGA (Make White House Great Again) has already been accomplished and President Trump is trying his best to MAGA. Too bad so many people are still not “getting it”. He cares!
Bless  you  and  your family always
Gracias por dedicarle un tiempo tan importante a los niños , que Dios te bendiga a ti y a tu familia, bravo Primera Dama,  🖒
Hi
Madam First Lady Melania, Thank You for bringing Grace into Our White House. Your Love for God,Family and All People shines through you. May Our Holy Mother protect and guide you & yours under Her Holy Mantle.Thank you for your kindness and respect for Life,Our Military & Country
Best First Lady in decades.  Not a politician, activist, a Lady
How does it feel to know your husband is a traitor?
Tell ur adulterer husband to fund children's healthcare
What an unkind remark

Love you @FLOTUS ! God bless you!

Yet because of your husband and congress, CHIP is is defunded. How can you talk about child healthcare when your party took away child health insurance?


I'm so sorry they keep putting you in front of a book when it's not really your wheelhouse....Your people need to come up with a different idea where you're more comfortable
True loving and caring in our first lady's face
Can we say photo opportunities! Nobody wanted to hear her mess up words. The children have enough problems without having to decipher what she is saying. She's been here for over ten years and she hasn't figured out the language?
What do you do other than live with a pervert you know you are a laughing stock being with him he has betrayed you so much be a woman
You really need to stop calling her the first lady
It's very demeaning to the real ladies of this country
She's just the first sadomasochistic porn performer who made it to the White House after latching onto a corrupt sugar daddy to get there
Not a lady, just a co-conspirator!
Thank you for representing so graciously!
Thanks, Melania.  It's so great to have a feminine and classy FL again!
Today!
Your husband is killing the Palestinian people!
Thank you for your kindness.  Keep it up, you're doing a great job!
"for the opportunity". Speak English immigrant!
Now off to that deserted island where I can be free to be me.

Former Fox News anchor Juliet Huddy said Trump tried to kiss her in an elevator around the time he married First Lady Melania, Page Six reports. https://pagesix.com/2017/12/08/ex-fox-news-anchor-claims-trump-tried-to-kiss-her/ …
A woman with a huge heart!!
https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/videos/1828846193875093/ …
The love in Melania's eyes shows this is personal, not the job of FLOTUS.  God bless you and your beautiful family this Christmas season.
We're so proud and grateful @FLOTUS. Thank you for all of this.... #MerryChristmas "Our Father...."
Are you really tweeting all this or is someone else doing it for you since you really have no idea what to say!!??
You do know that those coats you wear have sleeves, and you are supposed to put your arms in them?
Really is that important to you if so how sad
I am muslim 
Muslim means justice,helping each other,kindness and ...now majority of Muslims r just the name of Muslims they r not actually muslim and they r acting opposite to holy Quran now I appreciate the son of tramp cuz of her kindness ....
Bravo: Flotus Melania:..Keep UR Socio- cultural patronising& appreciation.. going..:)
May I have an angel for the first lady thank God


First Lady Trump, you are truly a class act.
I am sure she enjoys spending time with anyone other than her orange Umpa Lumb idiot husband.

Thank god for u,  only good thing in white house
Sooo Nice to see your activity with children nice job
Beautiful
Thank you for being such a wonderful person and representative of our Nation!
As your husband pulls the plug on children’s health care. It’s Mueller Time.

The pink pussy hat is an especially nice touch.
Melanie, so proud to see you making so many children so happy. You definitely are a beautiful wonderful person. I wish som day to see you in person so I can tell how much happier you make this world with all your kindness.
You want to escape to a desert island? Because you work so hard and have so many hardships in life? Give me a break. Or is it because you want to escape the sleeze ball your married to? You married him now pay the price!!
What did Melania order at Whataburger
Probably a burger.
Go back to your Country!!!!! Or ask ur husband to let everyone li e in peace.
You are an incredibly poised and loving First Lady.  Your heart shines through and I am proud to call you our #FLOTUS
Amen I agree
You never saw Michelle Obama doing that

I understand that you'd rather spend time with them than with that senile old husband of yours.
I hete  trump  plz stop Muslim kiling
Great job Melania trump keep up the good work.

Thanks for bringing Christmas spirit back... bad comments will always be present. But we need strength to overcome all the differences created by men... and to hope for a better future. Merry Christmas!!
We love you for your compassion, Melania!

She’s a great First Lady to me and my Bisbee Family!!
@flotus you are our hope!
Da ist er ja, der Weihnachtsmann! 
#thirdlady
How does @FLOTUS feel knowing that her husband is openly supporting a child molester for senate just so he can get votes on a tax cut for the rich?  How do private jet, winery, and golf course deductions help working families? Also, how about that bullying thing?

Oops, you forgot how to use sleeves again.
So wonderful! God bless & heal all those precious children!
You are First Lady. Can you make an effort and learn the language? Gawd.
That is just so wrong of you who cares she's trying and is very humble just give her a break
Melania we love you. You are the best! Merry Christmas!
Yes I agree Merry Christmas First Lady Melania
We are very proud of you Melania, Our First Lady with elegance and Class

Merry Christmas
@XRIM@leggioluciano Thankyou Auguri sinceri
Another great photo op!
Very beautiful 
We love our beautiful First Lady!  
Mery chismas 2017
F3 clup Việt Nam. 
Best FLOTUS ever!  
Was your dad involved with RCA,if so then you know  IV been telling the http://truth.love  you.
Such a sweet spirited and elegant @FLOTUS  Camelot has returned 

I am sure there are a lot of Americans who would like you to go live in a deserted island! And never come back you traitor lover
You and your husband , both are .... HaramZadeh
Love Mrs. Trump !!!!!
Merry Christmas FLOTUS.   You are such a gracious lady.
thank you for your grace and honesty.

Wie süß!!! Was ist mit den anderen Kindern  einfach Töten!!! Ihr seid MÖRDER
Who wrote that? Michelle?
