Love and appreciate you. Thank you for #MAGA. 
She's gorgeous & amazing!!#MAGA
No class! Cheap woman!
She accepted money for these pictures. She's the one who discredited herself.
You call that a lady?
You mean the highly trained corrupt prosecutors? You are a joke like they are. Stop taking their pill.  my First Lady!
Yeah. They just founded Obama knew  about wiretapping and did nothing!
Our beautiful first lady. A woman with class.
Here is some of her class just for you...

Here's another time she couldn't come up with her own words.
Oh okay!!
trump giving birth to you...
WOW!!!!
you look lovely today
http://time.com/4534216/melania-donald-trump-billy-bush-boy-talk/ …

Canadian women don't call sexual assault 'boy talk'. We don't stand by men who do. Standing by for $? 
One word.
Ready for a pussy grab
You are NOT American!!!!!
So proud of the respectful way you represent our country

You have been trying to get into Canadas prime ministers pants since you met him. No surprise you went to this.
Lol, lol!  I can't deal with you guys.
I support our  Guys in the NFL 
Valerie you are sickening , and disgusting , addled brain, disrespecting those who serve , since you hate America if you live here , LEAVE
Where is the pride at? Grrrr
We love you @FLOTUS .  Please tell @realDonaldTrump  to stay focused! Veterans are dying and Republicans are not helping. Rhetoric is all.
I don't know who or what is undoing all of my retweets and likes on the first ladies Twitter account but it keeps happening over and over again I don't know who or what's doing it but it's very frustrating and I wish it would stop I'm having to retweet relike everything
Elegance & Class ... #FLOTUS 
Looks like #FloozyFLOTUS is giving hand jobs all around..  They would prefer for you to #TakeAKnee as we all know you are so good at.
What about Trudeau? ?? He loves the other side, the Wuzmus
Dear First Lady.  Your husband is a horrible horrible person. It would be OK with us if you left him.  We would support you.
Please talk to your husband.  You are intelligent enough to understand.  #wedontwanttodie
A great representative for the #USA
Thank you to our First Lady. Respect Honor Valor
So proud of you.

Love her accent and feel that truly loved this country and our military.
BTW: How about a promo trip to PuertoRico now?
 #UNTRUMP THE WORLD  #FREETWITTER 
 http://trumpmusicvideo.com 
 https://www.facebook.com/freetwitter 
I'm so sorry.
She even sounds more relaxed when she’s not with him.

Image this
@FLOTUS just wondering...how much did you spend on today's outfit? And where was it made??
Kszack it's their own money none of your ignorant business , you must be jealous , another addled brain , its about our athletes not clothes
Go USA
Tell your husband to stop bullying Athletes.  You suppose to be fighting and against bullying.  REMEMBER!
Judie Pierre-Louis America is sick of these scumbags traitors who don't respect our country, and our military and those who died for us
Why haven't you and @realDonaldTrump visited Puerto Rico?
Has #dotard even mentioned it?
Not to my knowledge; not since it happened.
Here's video @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump #AmericaFirst HELP PUERTO RICO
The Winning Presidential mind is urging the @USNavy to be sent to Puerto Rico 
#AmericaFirst
I love this Lady! Support our POTUS, FLOTUS, & VP.
So have many, specially ones with 6 figures
#TakeaKnee isn't new to our #FloozyFLOTUS
Like you havent done it a thousand times..youre pimp is calling.
You found a picture of Trump Model Manager who may have represented #FloozyFLOTUS when she illegally obtained her H1B Visa.
No baby girl that's your manager
Just now I made a xxxxx video with my friend : http://bit.ly/2gTRmT6 
Do we need a adult baby setter in the White House
Thank You#MAGA
Keep your clothes on please
You,re the best Lady 
I like you

JohnnyinOakland your addled brain is showing ,disgusting , ludicrous and asinine tweet , stop drinking the Swamp water, you are the problem

JohnnyinOakland you are absolutely correct who gives a for you ignorant. Stupid asinine, dead brained posts, the swamp is calling you home

shared and with a salute to ALL military, past and present~~~
Not too long ago your sport was  ... pole dancing ?
How long did you wash your hands after shaking all those hands, you looks uninterested.
Do you wash your hands
Always, do you ass
I bet you never wash your hands after you go
At your age can you find the restroom or are you using depense diapers
Cowlook at who's calling people names... If you can dish it...you can take it
So you're a Melania Trump lover
hahahaa
Jebote Tito ne ja OK hah
Trudeau is a bonafide Muslim Brother! Stay far away from that radical creep!
While your husband attacks what they stands for
What? You been on the Hilary Tablets?
We  you and  for Donald in these difficult times. I do not know when a President or his family has made such sacrifice 
You are joking right?
President Obama and his wife has done way  more than this family had done, its been scandals from day one with these people but not Obama's
,

Thank you and may our Creator bless you and your family always.
I hope you didn't use parts for @MichelleObama 's speech again?
You bet she did.....
You don't deserve to be First Lady! How dare you speak out against bullies and continue to be married to monster!
Marcella Berardi stop exposing your addled brain with ludicrous and asinine tweets
Hey #FloozyFLOTUS, you know bullying toward you and your family will intensify as long as POS #dotard is POTUS.  He's shown us what hate is.
PUERTO RICO ??????? HUrricane Maria???? RIng a bell???? HOw is the US providing Relief?
Good!  Tell the Diva FLOTUS!  No comparison to any of the classy past First Ladies.  Damn shame!
Do you mean that mud beast that just moved out of OUR White House?
Thinking like that is why you have an ignorant, not very bright, clown, DOTARD, racist like yourself.  Have a nice night.
Just go home to 45. Canada does not want you here. Go back to your bully....and you gold toilet....
@LindaSuhler @InvictusToronto melania youi are the most classy lady we have ever had in t wh. just wanted you to know
Her girl on girl porn is pretty classy
Our FLOTUS has a caring heart and spirit. Proud of our First Lady Melania She represents our country with Class and Beauty.

Awesome Mrs.First Lady We Love And Honor you And Our Great Great Great President Donal J.Trumpwith You Sir
No trip to Puerto Rico? Sad.
Oversight Committee opens probe into Trump admin travel after reports of government, private planes for personal use
That suit makes you look prego?
U will b there. But I can't imagine any handicapped person is happy to see you or your "husband". Pls go away. Think of your past. Humility.
You're doing an Amazing Job...
Your BULLY @POTUS is out of control!!!  #WorstPresidentEver
You are right. He is a wanna be weakling who has had his way, always. He will use unearned power to get his way now.
Wishing your husband is removed quickly.
How embarrassing, she can't even speak english. We should pay her to stay in the bedroom. She couldn't even make it as a naked model.
As the Commissioner of Super Scoreball, I understand the importance of keeping competition & fitness in one's life -- enjoy the games!
hi
They served to protect democracy - the very thing @realDonaldTrump is tryDESTROYIng. YOU 2 and family need to resign take swamp with u 
Having fun, Melania??  Be careful what you ask for!  


Nothing but best wishes
& prayers for you & POTUS!
Thank You for being original!
America loves You
Children even more!

Oôl
You're the "Best"!
She brings you putins best wishes. She is a troll. Maybe a plant. Trump reference to an SOB was prob Barron. Family......
You mean kill all Puerto Ricians.
Even Prince Harry can't manage a SMILE - standing next to a TRUMP!  THE WORLD Despises you Both & for Good Reason - GET OUT OF OUR WH !
Our most wonderful First Lady. A true class act.
Respect our Native American land.
Well your trashy spouse can't serve anything from sports to service or as a Predator in Chief

Disrespect for the main banner of the land of betrayal and insult to the martyr soldier, not the president of the country 



Also, I saw you are cutting funding for meals on wheels for 500,000 vets. Please don't do that.
Get out of the White House your colt is not wanted!!!!!

Puke
Dotard

First Ornament #Balmain for gardening #Dior for #InvictusGames2017  #BuyFrench #ViveLaFrance
Puerto Rico is dying & Trump is tweeting. Any plans for them?
YOU ARE SOOO AWESOME!... SUCH A GREAT EXAMPLE FOR EVERYONE!...  WE ALL LOVE YOU DEARLY!.. THANK YOU!.. BLESS U!... :)
Go away, melania!
nice
Melania is sooo hot! SOOOOOO SEXY!!!! <3
She's uglier than a mud fence.
U ain't shit bitch. Just some old pussy and nothin more
Kissing You My Daughter Melania Trump First Lady Of The United States?
Comment pls1- media rpts on ur shirt?2- NFL rants? 3-Puerto RICO help?4-action in No K? Barbie goes to Canada alone-big deal/Q1-4 more NB
Viva!! beautiful sexy looking Melania!! Viva!!
Speak up for the dreamer they deserve the Rights to be heard
Fake @FLOTUS you will never measure up to a real first lady Michelle Obama you're not fit to be in the W.H.did you forget about your past???
As english is not your 1st language, you do know what bullying is, don't you?

Aren't there more important issues to focus on?
Looking forward to Evict Us (out of the #Whitehouse ) #trump
Please PLEASE help us with Trump. He going to kill millions of people - if let talks work with NK. Please help donna@dmz-photo.com.
When is that moron you married going to actually donate the millions he raised for vets & the inaugural galas and charities. We are waiting
#3escort service Nude model Armcandy mail order  melanie trump. Go get deported by ur RACIST dotard trump!

󾓦 Thank you for representing the U.S 󾓦

 Our beautiful First Lady 

 Now a safe trip home 
Congratulations

THE AMERICAN CITIZENS OF PUERTO RICO NEED HELP NOW! ! !
you look terrible in the houndstooth you look terrible I don't know what you've got on I don't know who designed it for you but it is awful
Thank you Melania for all that you do for us.
Peace.!!
hlw
Proud of our finest #flotus 
disgusting to see the wife of a draft dodger at the Invictus Games who celebrate military heroes.
3000 fucking comments and no help
Go away!
Girl get off your back and go find a hobby or a handsome black man to set you straight baby
Excellent melania congratulations
Russian and Russia connection tax returns traitor!


Thank you first lady for Representing America with class. And heart for all.God bless you all . TLGREENBERET bboo TRBONEHOUND
A First Lady America should be Proud to call our own. A special Lady that chose to be an American
You're the most gracious First Lady since Jackie. God be with you. Thank you for staying on course.

gooddd
The prince is treating you as one should by not shoving you out of the way! Your husband can learn from a real man!!
Stop your husband. He’s a monster.
Can you shut your Dotard husband up.  Think of your son. How can you stand him. Fake hair an all
Very pleased to see you out on the public platform more we need a strong, elegant & glamorous 1st lady we havent had one in a very long time
We had one for the past 8 years...
We sure did!  I miss them!
Lol. Right
Melania is Americans' new Barbara Bush! She will always be loved!
Tell your husband to get health care right,  coverage for all or you and he dont deserve your current dc address.

Muy bueno
@FLOTUS Twitter feed goes on like the “president” didn’t defend white supremacists. Sad. #FraudPresident #ImpeachTrump #TrumpDisaster
You're supporting an athletic event in Canada but not the NFL players in America wow #TakeAKnee
No one will support those NFL millionaire cry babies who hate America.
The country hates them/us/minorities. Millionaires or not . Take the NFL out of it and they still will kneel ! #TakesAKnee
